4	Great food, great service.
4	Pretty fair prices for excellent quality food and service. I would definitely go more often is there was one closer to me.
3	Great food at a recent lunch visit, steak and fish were superbly prepared with fresh ingredients. Service slow and unengaged--not overly busy, just didn't seem to know how to anticipate needs--or care.  Never checked to see if steak was done properly--fortunately for her, it was. Host needs a Valium-seriously.  Or change restaurant name to Barnum and Bailey. (there's enthusiasm and then there's having a manic episode)Pretty decor and expansive menu--ample parkingWould have been 4 stars with better service!
4	Short Review: Crap service, good steaks on a budget and GREAT desserts.I'm too cheap and like too much variety to go to a traditional steak house with my family. My kid is the only huge steak nut. My wife and I are happy with appetizers, sandwiches and desserts. After reading reviews and checking out similar new-fangled steak joints, I settled for the horn. We got their early (lunch) and we were one of three tables. A stupid restaurants do, they fill up one section 1st with other servers (pretending to look busy). The service was mediocre pretty bad. The server, Kiki was saccharine and when you gave her a little window, she'd talk about having teenage kids (read -- I NEED your tips).  She did not make eye contact either. Strange. She also took the order of a table seated after us before ours (even though we had our menus placed in the corner of the table). The old folks seemed to like her, but they are easily pleased, I guess. We had the the lobster and shrimp dip with chips for the appetizer. It was cheesy, buttery and thick with shrimp and lobster meat. Yum!My kid pigged out and had New York Strip and the Firecracker Chicken app. His steak was cooked perfectly medium. The taste and quality of the meat exceeded expectations. The app was also tasty.I had the prime rib sandwich. It was perfect with the horseradish and side of tangy barbecue sauce. I regretted sharing it with my wife except she shared her mouth-watering Grilled Chicken and Stuffed Port. The sweet potato with butter and cinnamon (side) was a pleasant (albeit somewhat unusual for this area) pre-dessert. The dessert puts this restaurant over the top. We had the sampler. It included a six-chocolate cake, mouth drop-kicking strawberry cheesecake (perfectly sweet/tart) and my favorite The Caramel Apple Gold Rush ... great like a caramel apple on Dessert Growth Hormone. I got all of this for $71. This was extremely reasonable. The problem with the restaurant though is not that it's a chain steakhouse, it's its inept service and service management. I would never come in during a busy period because it may become a disaster.
2	Over recent years,  I've had good luck with the Longhorn chain. Not so, of late. When traveling frequently, it's a comfort to know some restaurants will be, day in and day out, a place to get a good meal. Longhorn is becoming more and more hit and miss. This was a miss. I had only 45 minutes for a mid-afternoon lunch. Although service was attentive and friendly, the steak was 50% tough or just plain gristle. The waitress offered a replacement, but I'd run out of time. Fortunately, I'd eaten enough of the excellent rolls and iceberg lettuce salad to hold me until supper.
2	2.5 starsWhat bothers me most about the restaurant chain, is that they have a chance to have something remotely healthy for people to eat, but then they go a slather the steak in oil and butter.  The quality of the meat is ok, but they drench it to make it really juicy.  A good steak DOES NOT need oil and butter to taste good.  A little salt and pepper is all it should take.  Maybe a touch of olive oil.  But you won't find that at Longhorn.  Instead, the plate is covered in a layer of grease which most people slop up with their endless buckets of bread, or scoop up in their mashed potatoes.  When i'm traveling i usually eat here if its a long trip, but I always regret it afterward.  Their salad with a grilled chicken breast isn't bad if you need something healthy.  otherwise, you are shit out of luck.
4	I always order the rib eye. my favorite.
4	The service was better than Texas Roadhouse\ the manager did check up on us at the end of service, which was nice. Things I really like: The TEA, the peanuts, people.  Things that could be better: Price and more sides to chose from. Most of the time I get the 12oz rib eye baked potato soup, and green beans.  Chain place that everyone can find something that they like, the food was above average.Overall, I gave it 4 stars because the menu needs amped up just a bit. But a taste of home is worth the trip! Oh Yeah!!!!
5	First time here and honestly get the Porterhouse for 2 with their homemade sauce. Best steak I've ever had, better than Mannys...that night anyway.  Loaded mashed potatoes were amazing as well.
4	Went tonight for my birthday.  Yum!Wild West Shrimp - delicious.Strawberry Pecan salad - meh.Caesar salad - meh.Flo's Filet - delicious.Filet & Lobster Tail - delicious.Chocolate Stampede - outstanding!
3	Longhorn is OK, not great or fantastic.  We have been there three times and have not been wowed.  Food = OK, Service = Good, Value= OK.  For the same price you can do better elsewhere.
4	I've always liked Longhorn.  We used to go when we lived in Savannah, GA, and when the one opened up in Madison, we were very excited.  I had the sirloin (Medium) and it was delicious, but could have used a bit more seasoning.  The Western Chili Fries are AWESOME and you get an entire plate of them.It did bother me that we called ahead and had a 20 minute wait when we got there.  It wasn't busy at all (4:30pm) and there were at least 10 tables open that could have accommodated us.  I have no idea why they made us wait so long.  When you have children (5 and 6), it is tough to wait 10 minutes, let alone any more, before they get antsy and rambunctious.My wife also had the sirloin (Medium) and loved it.  The cheesecake dessert with ice cream is excellent, so try and save room.  We've been here a lot before and one of our friends once got the 7 Layer Chocolate Cake.  It was enough to feed at least 3 people.Great food and one of the best chains out there.  I'd definitely recommend it to someone.
5	Went for hubby's birthday dinner tonight.  Say what you will about "chain" restaurants, but this place rocks.  We're sitting there, chatting away, and the manager comes to our table, apologizes for the appetizer taking so long, and comps the app.  Holy cow!  We didn't even notice!  We've waited longer for drinks.We had the Wild West Shrimp for our app.  Excellent.Hubby had the Outlaw Ribeye for his entree. He was very pleased.  I had the Flat Iron steak with the stuffed bella shroom.  Very very good.  Will order again.Too full for dessert, unfortunately.Manager stopped by out table THREE times during the meal to ask how everything was.  Unbelievable customer service.  Highly recommend this place.
1	Poor service and not great food. Burnt fries and a long wait just to get my drink order taken. The host was a nice guy though.
4	Steak was great .my waitress was not only very nice ,but very hot!!!lots of talent!over all a nice lunch
4	This was my first visit to a Longhorn and I was pleasantly surprised!   I was seated quickly and the service was friendly.   The salad was fresh and chilled and the prim rib was tender.   Worth a second visit.
4	Always a worthwhile value, at least at this location.  You get what you pay for.
2	I'm only giving 2 stars because the food was fantastic, especially for a chain. I've worked in the service industry for over 10 years as a server, bartender, and manager. Last night we went to Longhorn for dinner. It was just after the rush, we sat at the bar. When we ordered a glass of wine and a soda, they were given to us and the bartender walked away. Apparently it's common for people to sit there and drink soda all night. After getting my own menu, we ordered. My side salad with French came smothered in Bleu Cheese. I tried it, but I just don't like Bleu cheese. I pushed the salad forward where it was never acknowledged again. We got our steaks and they were excellent, but we were never given the opportunity to tell them that as we were never asked. The guy that served us just wasn't trying, but that's not the worst part. There was another bartender on duty, frantically washing dishes. She never even made eye contact with us, let alone speak to us. Just washed dishes and complained about how long she'd have to stay there. And complained. And complained. Then made a mistake, muttered the "f word" and continued with her complaining. Despite the food, you couldn't pay me to go back there. Worst service I've ever had. Ever. What a shame. I guess that's why they can't keep a server more than 3 months.
5	I love dining at LongHorn. Sometimes the service could use some work, but the food is always excellent! It is a great place for a quick lunch or a family dinner. My husband go there often on date night.
3	I'm here almost every week. The experiences of most of the times are good. However, some times the same order is  made different from how they are usually made. And when this happens, it's usually pretty bad.
4	We went there for date night, and because we had gotten a gift card for our anniversary. I went in with mediocre expectations and was very happy that I was wrong. The waitstaff was very attentive (bordering on too attentive) and very nice. The food was excellent. I had a steak, tender, juicy, maybe a little underdone. But that's why I always order medium, so there's leeway on either side. My husband had a salad - big, good variety, meat was tender. All in all, with the food, atmosphere, and service, we had a very enjoyable evening.
3	Food was great but kinda expensive.  Dining room looks dirty with a lot of dirty tables.  Service was a little slow but she was very informative about the menu
2	Food is OK. They tend to overcook the burgers so adjust accordingly. Service has been fantastic every time I have been there (usually under duress) but I care fuck-all about that. You won't be disappointed here but you won't be thrilled either.
4	I feel kind of funny reviewing a chain like Longhorn Steakhouse among my other reviews of unique, locally owned Madison restaurants. But the food here was actually amazing. I've been twice and have gotten the same exact thing both times- parmesan encrusted renegade sirloin & red rock grilled shrimp with rice pilaf and mashed potatoes on the side. The steak and shrimp were delicious and really flavorful (and i love a lot of seasoning on my steak, to the point where others might not like it anymore). The mashed potatoes were incredible, and the butter they come with gets spread over everything on my plate. Something about that butter.....Also the staff are really down to earth and every time I'm there, I feel like it's one of my friends serving us, and where else can you get steak, shrimp, mashed potatoes, and rice pilaf for under $20. My friends and I are thinking about doing a monthly LongHorn after-work run.
2	One star for service, another star for the mushroom truffle soup. The rest of the food was basically inedible. Since this is a big company, i really expect that they provide adequate training to their kitchen staff; unfortunately there were just too many careless, basic mistakes from the kitchen for me to give them a second chance. 1. Risotto was out in less than 5 minutes after i ordered and lukewarm. It was mushy and watery on the plate and uncooked inside the rice. I wonder if they took out a frozen pack and microwaved it. Also there was NO porcini in a dish called porcini risotto. Liars.   2. Burger was thick and DRY. As in, one side of the burger was completely black it was like chewing on cardboard. The bun was dry and flavorless. I hate ketchup but i had to keep spreading ketchup on every bite in order o add some moisture so i can swallow. It was just terrible. 3. The pork chop came in two strips (???). I asked for medium which i confirmed should be warm pink in the center. Well one strip was completely cooked, dry, chewy, while the other strip was RAW. By raw i mean pink slimy transparent meat in the center. FAIL. Will not return. :(
