3	chinese food is few and far between in the phoenix area, or so i am told.  this place is just eh.i got the teriyaki chicken.  the chicken seemed like it was boiled, so the texture was bland, then the sauce was just plain.  sweet, no particular taste that wowed me.  i expect a grilled taste when i get teriyaki, so i was really disappointed.  i got the rice bowl option.  so they had the rice, then a pile of shredded cabbage, and then the chicken.  i spent forever picking the cabbage out.  who puts cabbage in a rice bowl?my friend got the sesame chicken, which tasted like a light sweet and sour with sesame's on top.  it was good, wish i had gotten that instead of my selection.  it was very cheap.  the lunch special was $3.95 for the rice bowl and $4.95 for the combo (soup, egg roll, a couple won tons, and fried rice).
3	Decided to have Chinese food last night, so I called Chen's to order Singapore Chi Mei Fun and potstickers. I told them that I would pick it up in about an hour...she was puzzled. Told her I was working out at the gym and I would stop by after.The cost of the meal was about $15. Got home  opened the container of noodles and the aroma is what I remember from San Francisco.It had a good mixture of meats and just the right amount of heat and was large enough for me to make two meals. I opened the potsticker container and they were half the size that I'm used to seeing. But the flavors were there to satisfy my palate. I don't know why they gave me a container of rice...cause I all ready had the noodles...The workers there need to smile a LOT more. They didn't look happy to see me. They were way too serious for me. When you go to a restaurant, you like to be welcomed and  the workers  friendly and not business like. Besides that, out of the three Chinese restaurants in Fountain Hills, this is by far my favorite.
3	Tonight it was a bit chilly out side and I wanted some type of hot soup. I decided to call Chen's and ordered their WOR WON TON NOODLE SOUP. It warmed up my inner SOUL.Wor means "everything", the soup had shrimp, won tons, sliced chicken, green leaf vegetables, sliced carrots and noodles. I picked up my order ten minutes late and when I got home...it was still piping hot, just as if it was just prepared. One thing, I wish there were more green vegetables.So on a COLD night, I recommend this dish. You won't go wrong.
3	Since it was COLD on Friday, my wife and I decided to go to Chen's for lunch. I don't know why we didn't think of Pei Wei but this restaurant is much closer to our house. My wife ordered the Chicken Rice Bowl and I ordered the Chicken with Rice Noodles off the Lunch menu. It came with egg flower soup which was nice an hot. When my meal came, I can't figure out why they would give me fried rice with noodles...double the starch. I really enjoyed it. The egg roll was made with just vegetables...so, so. But I didn't like the fried Won Ton which was crispy on the outside but REALLY dry on the inside. Can't complain for two hot meals under $10.
3	Reasonably priced dinners coupled with a lunch special that is a steal, Chen's Garden offers a quick solution to the average Chinese food craving. The service is quick and reasonably friendly. The atmosphere is nothing to write home about, but the restaurant is clean and comfortable. Fountain Hills has been waiting for this affordable alternative to its typically overpriced options.
4	great prices, great tea and AMAZING FOOD!the combo plate is AMAZING and fills you up and well priced!I love coming here!!!!
5	We love this place!
3	Great value for lunch.  It a 'dive diner' meets 'chinese restaurant'.FOOD: Food was good.  Not amazing, not awful, but pretty good.ATMOSPHERE: Very, very small dining room with dusty 1980's decor. SERVICE: We placed our food orders and the waitress walked away.  We had to call her back to remind her that we wanted drinks also and she seemed bothered by this.
5	my favorite restaurant. i always get the coconut curry chicken with bamboo shoots. its honestly the best thing EVERR!!
4	I was shocked that I could get good take out of dine in Chinese food so close to home! I was lucky to have had fast service on this busy weekday. The special was Pine nut shrimp and it was excellent. A nice amount of shrimp, albeit they were probably farm raised in Thailand, and great assortment of vegetables other than onions! It came with a few crispy things and a side of soup. The hot and sour was just right and had nicely chopped small amount of veggies in it too.
5	yummy
4	The food is very good and very reasonably priced.  The atmosphere... well, there really isn't any.  Service was very efficient though not friendly but the food is great and the lunch specials can't be beat.  Less than $15 for two including tax for a delicious lunch.  I'll be back, friendly service or not.
5	The best Chinese restaurant in Fountain Hills. The lunch specials are pretty amazing. You get a cup of soup (either hot & sour or egg drop), a wonton, spring roll, small side of fried rice, and your entree. And....it's about $6 or $7 with a drink. Dinner-wise everything is pretty fresh and tasty. I have had a plethora of items here. My favorite is the Kung Pao tofu and their egg drop soup is really really good. The west lake soup is really good, but it has meat in it. Atmosphere-wise, this place lacks severely in that department, but who cares if the food is good. I like this place for take out.
1	This place is not good. If you're Asian you will not like this place and think this place is very Western. The owners clearly cater to the White clientele of the area. Nothing here is authentic. For example I was served Pringles with my salt and pepper calamari. I wouldn't recommend this place.
1	I don't write reviews, but I had to so that people would know this place is NOT a 4 star worthy Chinese restaurant.
3	Not bad but not too good for what I order. I always order something that's not on the menu but can be easily made by chinese restaurants. I'm a vegetarian but I don't like salads. Pretty much the only thing I ever order at chinese spots is general tso's tofu. It's just like the chicken verson of the dish just with tofu instead. I'm from NYC and we have a chinese restaurant on every other block over there so maybe I'm spoiled but I have never had what I always order taste as bad as it does here. The taste was bland and the tofu wasnt fried the way it usually is at every other chinese restaurant ive been to and to top ot all off the amount of food they give you here is very little. I got less tofu than rice and the rice was even kid sized. Im 6 ft 2 inches i was nowhere near full. The price was twice the amount that i normally pay for the dish and the portion of the food was 1/4th the size that i usually get. My girl loves eating here hence the three stars but I cant recommend it at all. My girl always gets their sizzling rice soup which she cant get enough of. I havent tried it since its filled with shrimp and chicken and I'm vegetarian. Maybe it's worth going but only for that soup but I cant say that for sure. Sidenote - for some reason the only waitress they have always has an angry look on her face but she never says anything rude but that look has to go. I wish she smiled every once in a while or just didnt look so mean.
2	I can't believe how long its been since a review has been written for this restaurant.  Not by me, but by others. Look, an authentic Chinese restaurant it's not.  Amazing food, it is not.  It is average chinese food intended for non-asians.  Period.  Clean place, polite and attentive servers.  We had egg drop soup; hot, with frozen veggies, broth lacked flavor.  $5.50 for lunch combo which included soup, vegetable fried rice, chicken chow mein, veggie egg roll and fried wontons.  Vegetable fried rice was nothing to write home about.  Chow mein was fine except maybe a tad too sweet.  Veggie roll was good.  All in all--what does anyone want for $5.50 when it includes all of these items.  If these people were super star chefs, it would be reflected in the price as is the case in many scottsdale chinese eateries.  We were in the area, we dropped by and fed our faces in an inexpensive,  clean,and friendly environment.  Nice people.
3	This place is ok the sizzling fried rice soup is served in a huge bowl with mainly water and vegetables. what I dont like is they only add 3 pieces of chicken and a few pieces of shrimp for $6 they should add more meat. Instead of having people pay to get chicken and shrimp put in their soup or lower the price since its mainly water. Well they have good lunch special s I would recommend.
