3	When I saw a mani pedi Groupon pop up, I figured I'd give this place a go. I'm on the fence about how to rate this place. It had some good and some bad. So we'll go with middle-of-the-road / 3 stars.It was a bit difficult to find. And it was definitely odd, and even uncomfortable, walking in. It is literally in a medical office building. And then it is tucked away in the back of a podiatrist's office. While the space is nice enough, it is definitely not what I expect of my mani pedi places. There's no front desk, no waiting area, no host person to show you around or check-in with, etc.The good:- Since it is practically in a hospital and actually inside a podiatrist's office, it seems safer than a strip mall nail place.- All the instruments are sterilized - in their own individual packet opened just for you.- The foot bowls are nice.- The pedicure and manicure were good enough.- It's cheaper than a mani pedi at a proper spa.The bad:- Not bad at all, but it was different and a bit awkward to be getting a pedicure alongside senior men.- The staff have no uniforms or anything.- There is no one to greet you or anything, so it's kinda strange walking in.- Again, not necessarily bad, but there are no speedy services here.- It's not as inexpensive as the strip mall places.- There were TVs for each pedicure chair, but they weren't on.- My massage chair at least didn't work.- The top 40 music was annoying and very non-tranquil.- The entire place is about the size of my bedroom.The ugly:- There are no doors or anything, so when you are in the pedicure chair, you face the doctor's office hallway. And the door to the exam room was open. And there was a guy in there literally screaming.If this place was closer to me, I might consider it as an alternative to going somewhere on the Strip. But between the distance and the awkwardness of seeing feet get examined down the hall, I'm not sure I'd make the trip out to this place again. However, if you do live in the area and/or are particularly concerned about sanitary nail places, I would recommend checking this place out.
5	Best mani/pedi ever.  I also have to respond to the earlier review, first it isn't hard to find if you can follow directions, it's located on the 1st floor of the summerlin medical building. The reception area is really nice, the salon is an extension of mountain podiatric, and is completely separated from the md office. The chairs and foot baths were clean, I watched the employees scrub after each patron. The tools came in an individual sealed pack. They had a good selection of nail polish, all good quality, china glaze & opi that didn't look old. Allen did my mani/pedi and I was hesitant at first b/c I don't really like men doing them, but he has changed my opinion forever! He made me feel comfortable and we immediately started a conversation. I have to say he was so thorough my hands and feet have never looked better. This place is a little more expensive than the Asian chop shops, but you get what you pay for. Make an appt, they only have 3 chairs. I will definitely be coming back.
1	went here for insoles. They tell you they are $300 including visits to fit & adjust... "we want to make sure they fit". So why do they bill (over bill) my insurance company EVERY visit???? The back room staff and doctor are rude, short on attention, and service. I recommend you go elsewhere if you prefer honesty.
