4	My husband & I are relocating from Chicago to the Phoenix. Knowing very little about the neighborhoods in Phoenix we thought it was best to go through a service. The office is extremely dated, but don't let that deter you. Our assigned agent was Jim. After spending 20 minutes in the office with Jim discussing what we're looking for in an apartment he searched on his computer, set up 3 appointments and we fell in love with the first one. Thanks for all your help Jim!
2	I was looking for help locating an apartment when I found an online form on the Apartment Finder's website. The guy that contacted me wasn't able to contact me at a time that works for me and wouldn't discuss it over e-mail, so I gave up.I'm disabled and was looking for help with an apartment, but I am not awake in the mornings because my disabilities keep me awake at night. Mornings seemed to be the only time he could call, and I kept getting voicemails from the morning when I was not available to take the call.I ended up finding apartments on my own. I think they could have been a little more accommodating, I didn't think calling in the afternoon was too much to ask.
1	We're in a huge bind right now. I haven't been able to find full time employment, my mom lost her job, and my brother doesn't make a lot. Due to our situation, we're limited finding apartments because of income. We have to move this weekend due to really high rent at our apartment and our apartment manager recommended apartment finders. I submitted the form online and Kevin called us back. I have never spoken to someone so rude in my life. We were looking for an apartment on a bus line convenient for my brother and I to get to work. I work in South Phoenix, and he acted as though I don't know what the commute is like. I am well aware. We didn't want to live south and felt we could do better in the northern part. I got a lecture about the apartments we searched and I looked into them because of the prices that were listed on their website. You'd think apartments would list correct prices to avoid wasting time talking to people, but I am now aware that they mislead people. The worst point during this phone call was when Kevin assumed I'm stupid. I have a lisp, but that's it. I don't have some mental impairment. In fact, I have a bachelors degree I earned with a 4.0 GPA, my graduate school GPA is a 4.0, and I have membership into two international honor societies. Telling me that you're going to speak "really slow" is just uncalled for especially when your question was just to ask where I work. In the end, Apartment Finders wouldn't work with us because we don't have a car and don't know anyone who would take time to help us with transportation.  I don't think I need to be treated horribly over the fact that things are really tough on us and we turned to a business that is supposed to help you. I don't need to be treated poorly because I finally found a job and just haven't received a paycheck because I started two weeks ago. I know that I'm going to tell people to steer clear of Apartment Finders because of the way my mom and I were treated over the phone.
