5	Toque is the best restaurant in Canada. There-- I said it, and I await the rebuttals. Bring it on! Granted, my only meal here was over 5 years ago, but I dream about the salad I had here. Yes, the salad. (And I don't normally dream about food, either.) It was simple, it was evenly dressed, and it was the most delicious thing I've ever eaten. I really wish I could talk about the other items I ate, but everything else has been overshadowed by that delicious, perfect salad. Toque emphasizes creativity. Looking at their recent a la carte menu, have you imagined serving caramelized mackerel with maple syrup? How about tuna belly with raspberry vinagrette? Sounds intriguing and guaranteed to be heavenly. I'd highly suggest getting the chef's 7 course tasting menu, as there will be even more creativity and suprises awaiting in each dish. In addition, Toque showcases their local suppliers. All of their food is locally grown/produced. You'd think Toque comes with a hefty price tag, but it doesn't. The 7 course tasting menu (without wine pairings) comes in at $92 Canadian dollars, or $87 USD. Can you believe that? Toque is definitely worth a trip to the lovely city of Montreal. If you come to Montreal without a visit to Toque, just realize you are missing out on THE best meal of your life from Canada's best restaurant.
3	My ladyfriend and I went to Montreal for a long weekend.  We agreed that I would pick two restaurants and she would pick the other two.  Toque was one of my picks.  As big fans of the tasting menu at Radius in Boston, we both decided to get the 7 course tasting menu with wine pairing and Fois Grois addition.  The courses consisted of:-Tomato soup shooter-(Don't remember)-(Don't remember)-Poached halibut with potato foam-Fois Grois-Rare duck slice with zuchini-Goat cheese with berriesOverall impressions on food and drinks: I wished the bar was stocked a bit better.  I wanted a dry Hendricks Martini with cucumber, but they didn't have any Hendricks.  Upon further inspection of their bar, they didn't carry too many spirits.  This seemed to be a theme in Montreal; understandably, I think they focus more on wine than their US neighbors.The wine choices were excellent and matched the food perfectly.The duck and fois grois were very good, though I felt the portion of duck was far too small to represent the primary meat course.  Unfortunately, the other dishes were forgettable overall (you can see I actually can't remember two of them).  The portions did not match up against the price and the selections were just a bit too boring for me.  Everything was presented very well, but I think I needed at least one more meat course.  I should mention that my girlfriend was very pleased with dinner.  She particularly liked the tomato soup shooter, which was excellent, but once again suffered from being too small a course (Radius would give something away like this as a bonus).The service was also only okay for a restaurant in this price range.  The wait staff was not very attentive, requiring you to chase them down for water refills or bill paying.  This might just be a culture issue though; other restaurants in Montreal seemed to follow suit.Overall I give Toque a 3 out of 5.  I expect better service for my money and I was not impressed with the tasting menu.  I think perhaps I would have been happier with something from their main menu.  Toque is good, but it's not great.
4	Our evening at Toque was good and memorable but not the best meal or service I've ever had by far. We both ordered the 7 course tasting menu with wine flights. There were some outstanding courses: the rabbit with pasta, the foie gras, razor scallops with mushrooms. My mouth is watering just thinking about the rabbit. But the service was off. Our main waitress was competent enough but several of the food runners did not have a good enough grasp of English to describe the dishes. This should not happen at a 5 star restaurant in a bilingual city. The staff who deals with customers should speak both of those languages fluently. There is a level of service at fine dining restaurants that I did not feel Toque met. It was no one thing but the entire evening. It was a fine evening but at $420 for two, not one that will be repeated.
5	Toque is one of Montreals best restaurants. It is both consisent in the food and service. Having dined here over six times in the past two years I can truely say I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys fine dining. The restaurant decor is modern and very clean lines; good size comfortable bar; nice wine cellar, open dining area. All service staff is very professional and polite.I have had the tasting menu four time and everytime it was different and delicious. The other times I ordered off the menu. Menu is varied and has a very good selection. The salads, fish, seafood and game have all been delicious. The wine selection is very good. You really can't go wrong eating here if you are entertaining. The crowd is a mix of professionals, business types, but mostly thirties to fifty year olds. Parking is available both on street and garage . Be sure to make reservations.
5	You can't go to Monteral without eating at Toque! I was actually a bit hesitant about going because my girlfriend told me its a 3 hr experience (it is) but I'm glad I went. We both had the 7 course tasting menu and it was the best meal I've ever had. Period. If you go, just get the 7 course tasting menu. I guarantee every course will be delicious and an explosion of textures, flavors, and experiences for your mouth. What made the experience even better was Fabian, one of the head waiters allowed us to visit the beautiful kitchen and showcased each station - pastry, frying, vegetables, meat - and even the lockers were an entire suckling pig was hanging from the ceiling. Afterwards, he led us down to the 7,000 bottle wine cellar. The wine menu changes each week as they add / rotate wines in and out of the cellar when they are ready. Truly an amazing experience and I look forward to returning.
5	We dined here during our honeymoon in Montreal in March 2009.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, we found the service to be outstanding.  Each of our servers were fluent in English and explained each dish perfectly.  We elected to have the seven course meal with the wine pairing.  The wine was excellent and the food was superb.  My favorite was the shrimp with crispy bread (course 4).  I would rate this as the best meal I have ever had topping restaurants in both New York and Las Vegas.
5	One of my favorite restaurants, and absolutely worth it. The wine pairings really did compliment the food, and the food was exquisite.
5	We first went to Toque years ago when it was still in the old location. We had the chef's menu (I had the one with Foie Gras and my husband had one without), which we did not know what to expect. Every dish was a pleasant surprise: the food was impeccable and the presentation was extremely impressive! It was by far our best dining experience ever.When we visited Montreal again, we went back to Toque in its current location. It was much centered location and the dinning room was bigger, but it also became less personal. The food was still good but too much Asian influence this time. Because of my background, it was not nearly as innovative as the first time. Our expectation was so high that we were slightly disappointed. It was still a very nice restaurant but with the exchange rate, we found it to be too expensive, especially considered the alternatives (there are tons of great restaurants in town). We will recommend it to someone who has a lot of money and wouldn't mind to spend on a meal. However, for us, it is no longer our number one choice in Montreal.
5	Expensive and perfect.  I was at Toque a few years ago, and it blew my mind.  There are dishes that are hard to reproduce, and you are treated like royalty.  At $300-500 per couple, you expect nothing less.This is a once a year or every few year experience for us.  It is about perfection, and the waiters (who seem to outnumber the guests) make sure that you get perfection.  They clear everything between each dish (and we had 7 tastings).  They also explain the dishes in a way that is scripted.  The food is so creative, I don't know where to begin, but some of these dishes obviously require huge preparation and special equipment.  I felt like I was a visiting chef on a food show, and they were doing this just for me.I recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to experience both food and service that is over-the top.  Save up and go - but it will set you back - be prepared.
5	I have been to quite a few French restaurants in Montreal. This is definitely by far the best. Food here comes with big price tags. This is not your weekly eat-out place, where you fill your belly with gigantic portions of comfort food. This is the place where you eat food that can only be seen on Iron Chef. This is the place where you satisfy your eyes and taste buds with culinary artworks. My wife and I went there two days ago. We tried the 7-course tasting menu, which changes regularly. I chose the one without Foei Gras(I hate Foei Gras). My wife chose the one with Foei Gras. Every dish was very creative, wThe first two were cold sea food courses. The first was Sea scallop salad with Wasabi foam. The second was Sea snail with quail eggs and cabbage salad. They were both amazingly refreshing and tasty. I especially loved the sea snail. The light vinaigrette and mixture of finely minced pickled vegetables, complimented the sea snail meat extremely well. The third course was Foie Gras for her and Monk fish for me. I liked my monk fish in its wonderful sauce. The next two courses were both meat courses. The forth was Rib eye steak and the fifth was pork meat combination. Both were cooked to perfection. It was amazing how they made the fatty meat taste not fatty at all. The sixth course was a cheese dish cooked with cauliflower and hazelnuts. The seventh was dessert. Both were good, but not as impressive as the previous ones. Every dish was creative, well executed, beautifully presented and most importantly delicious. The flavors were sophisticated and delicate, not too strong or overwhelmingly rich. The service was adequate. The whole experience was absolutely worth the money.
2	We were celebrating our anniversary so naturally we want the best restaurant a city has to offer.  So when we were in Montreal this was the only restaurant that's certified Relais & Chateaux.  We have been to a few of them so we expected nothing less.  We both ordered the tasting menu with the wine pairing. First, the sommelier missed the wine for one of our courses and we had to remind our waiter to tell him!  The 7 courses was on and off.  One of the waitstaffs ( there are many that served us, don't know why but it seems everyone rotate serving all th tables) was so callous when she was describing the course that it actually made me not want to eat it.  Then the bill came, it was a R&C price but not the service nor the food.  I am so disappointed that I am writing to R&C about this. Don't waste your money because for this price I expect a lot more and this is merely a very good bistro and nothing more.
2	First time in Montreal, so had heard a lot about Toque.  I have to say that it was a bit of a disappointment.  Charlie Trotter prices without the wow, certainly.  We had the seven course tasting menu with the wine as well.  My chief complaint was that the tasting menu really wasn't all that special -- it was basically comprised of smaller portions of on-menu items, so I had a couple of courses of items I didn't really want to eat at all.  Lobster in puff paste was really no better than a chicken divan, and the squab was almost inedible.  The biggest problem is pacing -- we waited forever between our second and third courses.  After we finally finished dinner, we waited almost 15 minutes for our credit card to be returned to us to sign the check.  This was after 4.5 hours of dining.
5	Excellent staff, food's quality and presentation was perfect.  It's a great place to take a business group.
4	Ordered the tasting menu with the wine pairing. I'm very particular in where I don't eat fruit not due to any allergies but I just simply don't like the taste or texture of any fruit so I was very pleased when they were able to accommodate my request without blinking an eye. They even came back to confirm the menu with my after speaking to their chef to make sure there wasn't anything on the menu that would displease me. The best part was the chocolate dessert which I devoured in no time.
5	I dined here with some friends about a year ago. Did not plan to write a review because, as it was my first time trying a tasting menu, I thought it satisfied all the expectations I had: innovative & delicious dishes with top notch service. But alas, I recently had my 2nd tasting menu at another establishment and it disappointed to the point I felt compelled to join the yelp community and put in my two cents.I don't remember the dishes I had here with detail but they were incredibly delicious! I just remembered the first dish: corned mousse because I never heard or tried anything quite like it... and ditto for all subsequent dishes except for the classic staples like foie gras terrine and lamb. The dishes were also well paced, so expect a good 3 hrs here. I would definitely go back if I happen to be in Montreal again.
5	I had heard so much about this restaurant, I had to try it out during my trip. Opted for the seven course menu. Selected the option with the Fois Gras. For the tasting menus, they seem to prepare the menu based on your food preferences, so you have no idea what you'll end up getting. They made a vegetarian menu for my wife. Amuse Bouche: A brioche filled with Gruyere cheese. Not especially good (brioche was slightly cold, and the cheese wasn't that soft), but thankfully wasn't an indication of the food to come. Course 1: Scallops in the shell with Rhubarb water and Wasabi Foam, with cilantro oil. Phenomenal. It was very light and refreshing. The foam wasn't overbearing and went really well with the food. Course 2: Razor Clam: Sort of an Asian inspired version. They had a soy/sesame oil broth at the bottom. Course 3: Fois Gras, Apple Water, Baby Peas. Excellent. I'd never eaten Fois Gras before, so I can safely say it's the best Fois Gras I've ever eaten :) The peas were perfectly cooked and the apple water added a nice sweetness to the dish. Course 4: Rabbit and mushrooms. Delicious. The right amount of earthiness. Course 5: Squab: Don't remember too much about this, but wasn't a big fan. Too little meat and a bit too gamey for poultry. Course 6: Cheese Plate. It was melted Gruyere with mushrooms, whipped cream, radishes and a crouton. Course 7: Dessert. By this point, I had eaten so much I can't even remember what I was eating. All I remember was that there was some sort of sorbet and white chocolate with a meringue on top. Service: Excellent. Patiently explained all the dishes to us. Very knowledgeable. One of my wife's dishes had the famous popcorn powder on it. I asked them how it was made and it was surprisingly simple. I'm going to try it out at home. Hopefully I won't start another fire in my kitchen. I also had a wine pairing with the dinner. All in all, definitely worth it, and Toque is going to be a stop every time I go to Montreal. For the amount of money that you end up paying this is a very good deal.
5	FANTASTIC!!!5 stars for food, service, and ambiance!The staff in this restaurant were all very friendly and helpful.  They were young and had a very tasteful and trendy uniform.  The decor was contemporary and spacious.  Tables were spaced well apart to give you a very personal feel.  For the 1st course, we had the dried cured ham with pear.  Great balance of sweet and savory.  Entree, we had the suckling pig sous vide.  It was cooked to perfection, very tender and flavorful.  The components of the dish with shallots, beets, and mushrooms complimented the pork very nicely.  We also had the cavetelli pasta with foie gras shaving, which was very nice too.  They were not cheap with their foie gras shavings.  It was actually quite opposite of what I imagined "shavings" to be.  Sommelier also did an awesome job helping us with our choice of red wine.  It came in chunks larger than the size of sugar cubes.  Now, my favorite part, dessert.  We were stuffed by this time, but had to try the Zucchini cake with Squash ice cream, which was fantastic.  Never had anything better! It was light and not too sweet. Really different and delicious.Overall, if you're looking for a great meal with excellent service. I would highly recommend Toque!! We went on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was full, but we were not rushed at all.  Again, tables were spaced out nicely, so we did not hear other people's conversations.  I would love to try their other desserts.  The selections all sounded very creative, different, and I'm sure delicious.  If they can make me crave for zucchini cake and squash ice cream , I'm sure everything else on the menu would be awesome!
4	Came here at 9pm on a Saturday night, ordered the tasting menu. We had a nut/seed allergy that we made them aware of and the first course and the bread both had seeds on them, but once we alerted them to the mistake they took the food back and gave us new food and gave us a different onion bread(which was refilled as fast as we ate it) and never made another mistake. The sommelier was knowledgeable and suggested a great wine, but never came by again to check on it. The food was expertly prepared, creative, and very filling - by the 5th course neither of us could finish the entire plate. The entire experience took just over 4 hours, so don't come here on a tight schedule. A special occasion, but worth it, at $300+tip with a bottle of wine
5	Simply amazing. I don't know if I'll ever be to another restaurant better than this.The decor and ambiance was modern, nothing to talk much of. Clean and simple. Service was very professional.The food was brilliant. We had the Tasting Menu and left $500 lighter for two, but it was worth it. The dinner was not just a meal, but a while experience. Very creative food with complex flavors and textures, but still very accessible for most people. Wow, I hope to go to Montreal again someday so that I can go to Toque again.
5	I now see why this is arguably Montreal's best restaurant. We got the 7-course tasting menu and every dish was original, exciting and most importantly, deliciously memorable. Forget the other high-end restaurants in town, this is the only one you need to try.
5	Toque offered seven delightful, ingenius courses, professional staff and wine pairings that brought us to the gates of Vallhalla.  Bring your platinum card.
4	fancy fancy. i love fancy food i love fancy restaurants. we made reservations here on a friday night and decided to order the tasting menu and added foie gras cause who doesnt love that?! add in a bottle of wine and your dinner is now expensive but delicious. the annoying part was that valet was not complimentary but was $13! once you enter, they have a closet for your jackets so that's nice. the food itself was delicious and the presentation fantastic. but it just wasn't one of the best that i've been to. the service was good. we had a few. one was very descriptive and answered all our questions. some were just hard to understand :( and when youre at a fancy restaurant i like to know what im eatingmenu degustation - $92 each foie gras degustation - addt'l $12 each baron louis bottle of red wine - $80
5	Delicious. It has some very interesting and avant-garde type dishes, such as the creamed/whipped corn appetizer. The waiters and waitresses are polite and accommodating, even speaking in both English and French when they first greet you. I would definitely return the next time I am in Montreal.
4	I wish Yelp allowed for half stars because Toque! is 4.5 in my mind - not perfect, but darn close.  I did the tasting menu with foie gras the other night and I'm so glad I did.  The entire meal was awesome - I can't think of a single dish that wasn't exceptional.  One member of my party thought the amuse buche was salty, but that was the only negative the entire night!  I loved the sea urchin soup, probably the best sea urchin I've had and I thought the bone marrow dish was fun and inventive.  Overall the food was top notch.  At this point you're probably wondering why not five stars!  Well the service was somewhat sporadic, but not bad either.  At the beginning of meal it's like they forgot to put our order in because the amuse came out quickly and then nothing while we watched some tables around us power down two courses.  They apologized for the delay and then things started going.  Some servers were also friendlier than others and I thought it was strange how we seemed to have a different server for each course.  Overall the experience was great and I'd eat here again - truly great fine dining experience.
1	This list of 5-star reviews remind me of the Emperor's new clothes. I walked out at the 4th course of the tasting menu. Molecular gastronomy seems to have become "add foam to everything". The flavors were disgusting. The brioche that came with the foie gras tasted like the butane torch they used to char it. There was a BLT without bread that was a very large portion of something that should've never existed. The final straw was some nasty bone marrow concoction that tasted of wasabi and failed talent. I'm a finicky eater but my wife, a much more patient and accepting diner, was as happy to leave as I was. If you want a fantastic tasting menu in Montreal, try La Chronique.
3	We were very excited to try Toque.  We read that it was on of the finest restaurants in all of Montreal, and is known for its sensational French cuisine.  Sadly, we were rather disappointed.  We found the price to be outrageously high, given that the portions were remarkably small, the food was average/above-average (but not exceptional) and the service was good, but hardly outstanding.  Overall our dining experience was fine, and worthy of a 3 or a low 4 rating, but certainly not a 5, and hopefully not the finest Montreal has to offer.
1	We had high expectations from all the reviews on Yelp.  The decor is modern and comfortable.  However this does not make up for the food.  My wife and I had the tasting menu with Fois Gras.  A this point I think I have sub-consciously blocked all the dishes from memory. Yes, it was that bad.  I give the restaurant one star for trying to be creative with food, but at the end of the day it has to taste great.With all the other great restaurants in Montreal, you should only go here if you cannot get a table anywhere else. I don't like giving negative reviews but I wish there were more for Toque on Yelp before we went.
5	Would give this place 10 stars if I could!  I've eaten at many good restaurants in Montreal (Moishes, Queue de Cheval, Grain de Sel, Pied de cochon...etc) but this one outshines them all!  Food, service, ambiance outstanding!
5	awesome.  each dish was balanced with lots of yummy flavors and textures.  by far the best food I've had in Montreal if anywhere.
3	Over rated! Very good presentation and service, poor flavor...
5	I had heard wonderful things about this restaurant, so on my last visit to Montreal, I went twice.The first time we went on my birthday, and both I and my dining partner opted for the 7 course tasting menu. To be honest, I didn't leave in love with the restaurant. But there was a dessert on the menu I *had* to try, so I came back a few weeks later - and that left me pretty much head over heels.I went back in June and July, and I don't remember all of the details. So of the 13 dishes I tried (between tasting menu, and the two appetizers, entrees, and desserts we got when we went back), I will just comment on what stood out.Other reviewers have mentioned the asparagus foam. It was incredible.One of the earliest dishes in the tasting menu was sea urchin with daikon radish and organic soy. I'm forgetting some ingredients. There were several flavors, they were very subtle. Eating this and noticing the flavors was an incredible experience.Another dish was sea snail with asparagus, egg, and a sauce. I don't remember what the sauce was, but both my uncle and I cleaned it off our plates with the bread. It was delicious.The dessert on the tasting menu was a rhubarb heavy creation. Strawberry and rhubarb compote, topped with strawberries, this merenge-but-drier-and-crunchier white stuff, rhubarb chips, and rhubarb sorbet. I'm not really a rhubarb kind of person, so I am extraordinarily grateful it came with the tasting meal, otherwise I never would have tried it. It was phenomenal.On my return, my dining partner and I got the sea urchin (too incredible not to eat again) as well as oysters (yum!). His entree was ribeye with black garlic and red pepper reduction and morel mushrooms - this was part of the taster menu I had tried earlier with my uncle, and neither he nor I had been impressed by it. Whatever the issue was, they got it right this time - I tasted his entree, it was phenomenal. I got halibut over a bed of asparagus and a white sauce. There were flowers in it. This entree was among the most incredible experiences I've ever had eating anything. I have dreamt about it since my return to Columbus.Our desserts this time were good but not amazing. (Unfortunately the dessert I had been so excited to try had been taken off the menu since our earlier visit!)I don't know when I'll be in Montreal next, but whenever it is, I will be going to Toque. Probably not for the taster menu ... but maybe. The dishes, after all, will have changed ... and how can I pass up the chance to try seven things instead of two or three?
4	Having heard many good things about Toque I'd been looking for an excuse to eat there and when I learnt that they were now open for lunch a business lunch was a great opportunity. The food was very good, sorry I ate there a few weeks ago can can't remember exactly what I ordered, and nicely presented. The service was terrific, the manager was even able to recharge my BlackBerry while I ate, and the decor is modern yet warm. I certainly can't find anything to complain about, yet at the same time I wasn't blown away such that I can give them 5 stars. I was there for lunch and I sometimes wonder if restaurants hold back a little something something from the lunch crowd where the prices are typically not as steep as dinner. All in all a very nice experience which I would highly recommend for a business lunch.
3	Had the tasting menu.  Service is pretty impeccable, but the food was just okay.  The only standout dish was the lobster.  It was perfectly cooked in this rich, buttery broth.  The quail was really good too.  However, did not like the shrimp croquet/meatball, the venison, nor the dessert (an almond cake with lemon cream).  The price is really reasonable for a 7 course ($98), but the food didn't knock me off my feet, which is kinda what I was expecting.  Nice location though because it's next to Old Montreal.  Ambiance is nice too.
5	Tasting menu was a wonderful, leisurely, fascinating journey. Quite a tour around the animal kingdom: sea urchin, snails, chilean sea bass, beef, pigeon. Presentation is lovely. Delicate sauces made for elegant but light dishes. Fresh, fresh, fresh. And the serious is truly joyous and intelligent without a hint of pretension. Easter eve was a good time to be in Montreal: a rare, quiet Saturday night. But we will definitely return to Toque even on a busy night!
5	I came here for the tasting menu this weekend. The service was incredible. Having eaten at other comparable restaurants in the U.S. (Eleven Madison Park in NYC, Gary Danko in SF), I would say that Toque far surpasses them in terms of service and flavor. The dishes at Toque were focused on their respective star ingredients. Every course felt like something that came out of Iron Chef.  We also had the wine pairing, and each wine truly elevated the course that it was served with. The service is familiar, warm, yet polished. We had a four hour meal that was the highlight of our trip to Montreal. Not to be missed, and a steal for the money!!
4	i was told by a friend who's a professer at The Culinary Institute of America that this restaurant, though quite expensive, was worth the price - so i decided to give it a try as my high-rolling meal on a trip out of town.Dined as a pair, & didn't spend the sort of money you could spend here doing the tasting menu / wine pairings / foie gras.  Ordered a white from Quebec that was truly delicious even though it was nicely settled at the bottom of the wine list price-wise.  We were sent an amuse-bouche that was a crazy mint / crab sorbet.  Not something i would've ordered, or wanted to eat a lot of, but did exactly what an amuse bouche should by just giving a wild little performance on my tongue.  Each had an oyster to start as well - their presentation with a tiny slice of strawberry was such a pleasant way to serve & really opened up the full flavor of the truly great oyster.Shared a tomato carpaccio with crab & an order of scallops that were served raw on the shell.  Tomatoes were excellent, as was crab - the scallops were astonishing, again served with strawberry, olive oil - wow.   Also split our main course, a foie gras cavatelli that was truly just amazing.  Finished with a mousse of truffle (mushroom truffle, not chocolate truffle) that was just texturally & flavorally amazing.A real bummer of this meal however, was the service.  We felt a bit rushed (though our reservation was at 10) - & Our waiter had poured sediment into our wine glasses, & also failed to box up our leftovers after we'd asked him to.  Nope.  didn't want that foie gras cavatelli in the trash.Overall would say my friend was right - if you're looking to drop some serious bones on a fine meal in Montreal, this is a good spot to pick.  Food was amazing.
3	At first entrance it looks as of you are walking in to the Admirals club for American Airlines at the airport. The light is entirely to bright, the color and the decor of the restaurant dark browns and reds mixing into one creating a draining feeling, flowers like a funeral home and the waitrons uniforms just like my grandmothers Sunday attire.  But things start to change when the food arrives. An elegant sorbet is served with wild flowers tantalizing the senses. We choose three appetizers which where all unique and superb on their own. The white asparagus is shaved and served with a lovely display. The snails where rich in texture with garnishes of cucumber and creamy sauce. The tomato and lobster reminded me of a typical lettuce wrap and where very nice rolled up into a scrumptious bite. We ended with a lemon crud and ginger ice cream that was divine. The food really does deserve top credit, but with a decor and ambiance so bad I would say its doubtful that we return just because in Montreal so many other excellent options all around.
4	Came here for lunch on a Friday. The place itself was amazing and immaculate. Service was spot on. Had the prix-fixe and everything was flavorful and cooked perfectly. Lamb and rabbit were the main winners here, although the steak fared well too.
4	Trendy scene with great food in old Montreal.  Around some nice bars.  Tasting menu is good and worth pairing with the wines though five glasses may be too much for some people.  A biting the pricier side for Montreal.  Fois gras is quite well done.Service is friendly as is the case for now the rest of the city.
4	Had dinner here with my husband two months ago while visiting Montreal. I opted for the foie gras tasting menu while my hubby chose the regular tasting. Each item is a mystery where you won't know what they will bring out to you. We also did the wine paring which we liked a lot. Although my husband wasn't too impressed with the dishes, I really thought each dish was creative in presentation and was tasty. Service is mixed though. When we got there, the host did not bring us a menu until about 10 or 15 minutes after we sat down. For an upscale restaurant, we expected the staff to be dressed more classy, but the waiters wore a red checkered shirt that just seems very casual.If I were to go back to Montreal, we probably won't go back there since there are so many more great restaurants. Love Montreal!
4	Upon visiting Montreal I, true to form, did a lot of research on which restaurants we should eat at. Toque repeatedly came up on 'must try' lists so my boyfriend and I decided to take the first open reservation on a Saturday night (6:30). There were no other reservations until after 9pm, but when we walked in the restaurant was almost totally empty. As soon as I saw that there was a 7-course tasting menu I knew why the reservations were so spaced apart -- the whole experience takes a few hours.And of course we couldn't resist the mysterious tasting menu, which gave no hint at to what the chef would be creating except that there would be foie gras. Overall, the food was exceptional -- 5 stars from start to finish. Some highlights for me were:- The seared tuna soup -- hot tomato water was poured at the table and lightly cooked the tuna- The foie gras course, served with berries, peas, a flaky cornbread and a pink sugar-salt mixture- The main dish, which was a unique play on 'surf & turf' highlighting perfectly moist chicken, mussels and eelI was so impressed with the food, but there were some hiccups with service and the environment that brings my review down to 4 stars. People pay a lot for tasting menus, and you want the atmosphere to be on the same level as the food. For some reason that night there were kids running around the restaurant being loud and distracting. The kitchen was fairly loud, and our service seemed to either be REALLY on (our water glasses were always filled, the servers were incredibly nice and excited about the food) or really off (it took FAR too long to get the check, there was some confusion about the cocktails offered). All in all, Toque is worth a visit simply for the food. I can't speak to the regular menu but the tasting menu was truly a wonderful treat.
4	I took my wife here for her Birthday.  We opted for the regular menu.  The food was excellent.  The service was a bit off as we found ourselves looking for our waiter more than once.  The wine list is extensive and expensive.  Overall, a great experience.
2	Based on previous reviews and awards we were expecting more than what Toque actually offers. The service was inattentive and unfriendly. We had the tasting menu with prestige wine pairing- overall it was underwhelming. The amuse bouche was 2 slices of Macintosh apples with oil - needless to say it lacked creativity and flavour. The courses that followed were not any better. They did not have focus, ingenuity, nor demonstrate exceptional skill that one would expect for a highly acclaimed restaurant. The presentation of each course was a disaster - the plates were overcomplicated oppose to the clean presentation of the photos online. Additionally there is limited variety each course had similar or the same elements throughout.
3	Friday night dinner, party of three. Seated promptly.Service: 7/10 - Went to restroom twice, napkin never folded. Told waiter Kobe beef was tough, he just went away. Asked about the pasta dish, I said it was a tad salty, went away again.Decor: 9/10 looks awesome, well doneFood: 3/10 - Nothing memorable, had to send steak back, asked if they had a better cut, perhaps we had a bad section of the loin, but was told no, it's all like that. Wow, I showed the waiter how impossible it was to separate the meat with a fork and knife. They asked if they could replace with another dish, which came out too salty.Wine & Alcohol7/10 - Great list of wines, good local roster if beers as well.Price Point1/10 - bill for party of three was 510$ which is pretty high, I never mind unless the food is sub-par which Toque! was.I will NOT be returning, fool me once shame on me, fool me twice...
3	Tried Toque with my boyfriend on an innocuous Saturday.When you pay $300 for dinner and it's not revolutionary, you're not going back. It was good, but it really wasn't that good. And given the number of empty tables, I would have imagined that they could have sat us somewhere other than the breezeway.The service is unremarkable.
5	My family came here during our stay in Montreal a week ago, and we absolutely enjoyed every minute of our experience at Toque. The food was fantastic, both in quality and presentation. For the appetizer, we had the foie gras, the arctic char, the scallops, and the razor clams. Everything was fresh and exceeded our expectation. The arctic char especially was full of flavor and very fresh. Needless to say, the foie gras was the best I have ever tasted, it was so buttery and the melt-in-your-mouth texture was to die for. We selected the duck, striped bass, bison lion, and veal for our entree, everything was delicious, although the bison was a little bit on the dry side, it was overall a very good experience. Again, the fish wins over all the entrees, it was very fresh, moist, and flavorful, as a seafood lover, I really enjoyed the dish. We also had a chance to try their dessert. We ordered the strawberry souffle and the cocoa waffle. The cocoa waffle was good, but not too impressive. However, the strawberry souffle was really great. Granted that it was my first time eating souffle, it tasted great and I'd love to eat it again.The service was also superb, and the servers was very friendly and did a great job at making suggestions and introducing the menu.It was a memorable dining experience, and I would love to go there when I visit Montreal again!
5	I was going to take off one star for some small service issues but really they were tiny!  One thing that irked me is when we got up to use the restroom no one came over to fold our napkins.  Poor form!  And just a few other things but they recognized the mistakes.  The napkins I don't think they noticed.Anyhow!  This place is pretty fantastic.  I was thinking it has the whimsy of Graham Elliot and the execution of Les Nomades.  (if you're from Chicago you'll get that that's high praise)  Its not stuffy even though its not a casual restaurant.We each started with a cocktail and they were refreshing!  We all got the 7 course chef tasting with wine pairings.  Mine was different b/c I don't eat pork or beef.  They were extremely accommodating!!If I went through all 7 plus amuse this would be the longest review in history.  I don't think there was a forgettable dish or wine pairing!  The wines were in a class of their own.  Just astounding.  I think my favorite things were the sauce on my halibut - it was like buttered popcorn - in a good way.  The urchin and wine pairing were superb!!  The final dessert with ice shavings and ice cream!  I would never had ordered that.  It sounds crazy but it was oh so good.If I were ever in Montreal again I would make sure to come here.  Its classy and elegant while still being whimsical.  I can forgive the small service blunders for that!
5	Consider yourself lucky if you can dine at this restaurant.  I went and had the seven course tasting menu, sans foie and sans non fish.  (I am pescatarian - vegetarian that eats fish/crustaceans).  While it IS very expensive (200 bucks or so with two glasses of wine) it was a very nice experience.  It started with an amuse bouche which was milk ice cream with this most amazing salt on it.  I tasted the salt in several courses and the chef must have a special salt he imports because it is fantastic!  These little firebombs of flavor!  Each course hit the tastebud in a special way - salt, bitter, sweet, sour.  First course sea urchin!  My first time eating it!  It was a delicate flavor with some nice accoutrements.  Next course prawns cut in half with tornberries, a non-native invasive species to Canada that were bitter but so interesting!  They added a nice punch to the sauce.  Then some very tender lobster that kept the beautiful lobster taste but complemented with a nice delicate sauce.  After that cuttlefish - ok out of all the courses this is one I WOULD not have chosen.  I am a biologist and the cuttlefish cooked had a lot of similarity to the one alive and that kind of bothered me all night.  I have an affinity for octopus (living) so that might have been it.  It had that salt on it though that made it taste fantastic!  Then halibut, cheese course with honey (AWESOME ate the whole thing even though full, and the last course dessert.  Out of all the courses perhaps this was my least favorite.  Perhaps it is because I am a chocoholic?  I don't know but it was a lime sorbet and a sugar pink ice cream with mint.  I also am not a huge mint fan.  It was very well done so I can't ding this course simply because I want chocolate no mint!  The plate was very pretty although a bit less aesthetically pleasing than the others.  There were these crunchy pink things (no idea what) that I did not like.All in all - if you are going to go, gird up your credit card and go for the seven courses.  The chef will make it to order for you!  (Allergies, etc.)  Trust him and be adventurous!  I think if you are ever going to try a tasting menu, try it here!  It is well worth it. Can I just say that it IS expensive (deserved or not you decide.)  The people eating here don't seem to care - mostly locals so use that as a barometer..  I sat at the bar (my choice, let a couple take the table I was dining alone) and all the folks at the bar did the tasting menu.  The couple next to me did foie, tasting menu, and wine pairing.  Easily a 500 dollar meal.  So let that show you how highly it is rated.What is with the napkin folding thing other reviewers mention?  Really?  I sat at the bar so didn't expect that at all but the bartender was so kind, helpful with the wine selection I made, and very interesting to talk to.
3	The mushroom starter and the scallops were very good.  The bread was like from a supermarket.  And the rib eye was too gristly , served with bland vegetables.  Wait staff very friendly and accommodating.  All in all, disappointed for such a highly regarded restaurant.
4	I came here with high expectations for the food, service, and the price.  I had the seven course tasting menu (115$), which required the whole table to participate. (There are also options to order individual entrees and appetizers). The tasting menu is also a surprise.Here are a few points....1. The restaurant itself it elegant without appearing too stilted or stuffy. The wine cellar serves as a beautiful centerpiece.2. The tasting menu was quite good, but it is something you should approach with caution for 2 reasons: 1. If you do tasting menus, sea snails, fois gras terrine, bone marrow, duck hearts, etc., won't come as all that big of a surprise. 2. If you don't, these things may not suit your palate.3. I had a scallops dish and a sea snails dish that were the best two courses. The cheese plate was unfocused, and the squash ice cream for dessert was high on surprise, but a bit lower on delicious. The bone marrow was better than any I have had, but part of me hopes the bone marrow craze passes soon.4. The service was befitting of a fine restaurant. The only snags came later in the meal when my table was only offered coffee half way through dessert and not offered after dinner drinks.Would I go back? Yes. However, I might skip the tasting menu.
1	We went to Toque on Sat. (Nov. 23). The food was very good. However, the service was horrendously poor for fine dining. Let's count the problems... Upon being seated, we were asked for drink orders. They do not have a cocktail menu, which is fine. But because of this, I decided I would have a good tequila. When I asked the waiter what tequilas they had, he responded 'Cuervo.' It was a big red flag that the waiter was unaware of what liquors they have at the bar. So I went to the bar and saw they also had Patron. But that's not great either, so I looked at the scotch. When I returned to my seat, I ordered a scotch, but then the wrong one was brought out. I finally received my drink. My girlfriend asked if they had a particular scotch, and was told they did not. When she requested to see the scotch list, she immediately noted they did have what she had asked for. I ordered the lamb loin. About 5 minutes later the waiter returned to inform me that they ran out, so I could have rack of lamb. My girlfriend has food allergies, and had to ask the waiter several times to check with the chef whether particular menu items would be safe for her. On one occasion, the waiter told her it would be okay. She asked him to double check, and he returned to say that she could not eat that particular item (a sauce).As I noted at the beginning, the food was good. But even with good service, it would be over-priced. In any case, it isn't worth the hassle. The service was simply terrible. Try a restaurant where they train the servers on the bar and menu. I will never return here again.Because of service and price, I give it 1 star. If the service was good, I would have given it 3.
5	An absolutely amazing experience! This place not only greets you with a Chef's compliments with a mousse that will only be the beginning of a journey. Business dinner, not a loud place, amazing service! I had the foie gras as a first course and I can say it was exquisite, but when the main course came, a rack of lamb incredibly well presented was short to the taste! Best ever!For dessert I had poached pear, on par with the rest. Everything we all had was part of a journey to a succulent gourmet experience.
5	My husband and I celebrated our 10 year wedding anniversary with a trip to Montreal - to eat!  We started off our culinary adventure at Toque (Jan 16).  Sitting at the bar, we enjoyed an amuse bouche of rutabaga foam with cocoa...this foam was amazing! It was more like a mousse than a foam.  The meal only got better from there with the razor clams, duck, and apple tartlet.  The bartender, Gilbert, was so personable and hospitable.  We felt so well taken care of  even just sitting at the bar!  We would have returned there on Sunday for a parting meal, but unfortunately Toque is closed on Sunday.  Thank you Toque for a very nice evening!
3	Pretty good and creative food. The shrimp appetizer and halibut entree were exceptional. Not for large parties, though. We had nearly 20, with a limited menu (choice of three for appetizers, entree, and dessert). The options we're good, but the service was just plain bad.
4	I was invited to a super expensive dinner on a snowy winter night.  It's a place to eat amazing foie gras and steak, or creative and beautiful food.  My scallops were perfectly cooked!  Amazing wine list and cocktails.  The service was attentive and immaculate.  Be sure to dress nice.  We were all under dressed. It's where the bankers dine...
5	This was the high point of our day trip to Montreal. Not only is the presentation beautiful, but they put the same care into their service and the taste of the food. This is a must if you are in Montreal! and you enjoy French cuisine!
5	Wow! I called my dish - especially the appetizer, fireworks! It's an explosion of flavor and no two bites taste the same.We were thinking of looking for another place because of prices, but took the bullet and decided to stay... And were so happy we did!The bread was ok, but every other dish after that was a work of art with a beautiful melding of flavors that created music in my mouth.We were also worried that portions would be small, but after one course and one appetizer each we were stuffed.Only down side was that the duck was too salty for my taste. Everything else, was perfect.
5	I went here with my wife last night for my birthday and we both got the seven course tasting menu with foie gras and a glass of wine.The food and service were both amazing, and though pricey it's worth doing at least once.We had:    Amuse-bouche of watermelon foam, olive oil, and basil    Scallops in apple water with daikon and sage foam    Fois grois with a peach crumble (this was the highlight of meal, totally unexpected)    Tuna sashimi in a soya miso sauce (very familiar)    Tuna steak with a corn mousse and bell pepper puree (also very familiar, which is in some ways disappointing)    Squab with a madara sauce and turnip puree    Squab with a madara sauce ball (same as above but wrapped into a single lightly fried ball)    A couple of local cheeses, one with a port reduction, another with a red wine reduction and a homemade pickle (I would have skipped this if given the option)    One plain pastry with granola caramel, granola, and a raspberry reduction, and another with a thick caramel, granola, and lemon sorbet
3	My wife and I went to Toque last weekend. It was my fifth or sixth time here, and to be honest, it was a disaster when compared to my other meals here. It seems as if they're trying to get too haute for their own good.This was our meal...Amuse-bouche: Some small cantaloupe juice with oil, pepper, and some other spices. Really not of any sort of substance at all, and relatively simple flavors, but it did start to bubble in front of us and provided a neat little distraction. 6.5/10Scallop course: Very good, but this is expected. It's hard to go wrong with a princess scallop, and some interesting flavors (apple cider was used I believe).  7.5/10Tuna Sashimi: Very well presented dish, and good quality fish, but I'm not a huge tuna fan. It was interesting enough however, and I was happy to get the tuna out of the way (it seems to be an inevitability with tasting menus now a days. 6/10Halibut (for my wife), Foie gras terrine (for myself): The halibut is divine. I think Toque is the restaurant that first introduced me to well cooked halibut. The dish was maybe a touch too salty, but nonetheless, wonderful. 9/10The foie gras was also very good. The presentation could have likely been improved upon, but overall it was one of the better terrines I've had. I believe they had some mini brioches on there which were very good. 9/10At this point we're both very happy, and excited with the way the meal's been going, and are quite pleased with out choice (only 1 day in Montreal so it was Toque over Europea). Also, it's worth noting that the bread is excellent as well. This is where the wheels come off however. Cooked Tuna: What a disappointment. Tuna again. To be fair, the presentation was good, and the sauces and foams served alongside the fish were very well done, although I didn't feel they were the best suited to complement tuna. I could certainly see someone who likes tuna being a fan of this, but even if I were a fan it still could be approved upon. Factor in the banality of tuna, alongside my dislike of it I really want to give this a lower score, but to be unbiased I'll give it a 6/10Squab: Well folks...there you have it. A main course of squab...completing the meal consisting of only fish and poultry. No pork. No beef. No venison. This was particularly disappointing. Under normal conditions this dish would have been a 5/10. It wasn't too well presented, nor was it particularly tasty. To be honest, it was very gamy, and the garnishes and vegetables alongside it were all very bland. At this point, I was pretty unhappy with the meal, but was hoping things would get better with a nice dessert. 3/10Cheese Plate: I don't remember too much about this. Nothing to write home about certainly, especially regarding the cheese selection. That being said, they had some port jelly drops which were something special. They tickled my imagination for what else can be done with food, and for that alone 7.5/10Dessert: Catastrophe. This was seriously the worst dessert I've ever had in any self respecting restaurant. There were a handful of things on the plate, and not one was good. They included...Caramel Sauce (tasted like old smackers, something out of a horror movie diner)Some rectangular creation that was much to sweet and had the consistency of mushed together fruit rollups. I couldn't taste what it was supposed to be as I was too oppressed by the overwhelming sweetness. Granola. Yes ladies and gentlemen. Granola. Like out of some whole foods cereal. I can't tell if this was intentional or if the chef had his toddler in the back whom just spilled his granola snack over my dessert, but it was there. Did I yet say I hate granola? There was also a glob of buttermilk ice cream. At first, after bites of everything else, it seemed quite good...but then I realized that was just the coolness of the ice cream, and it's pallet cleansing capability. In and of itself it was bland, but when considering how quickly it purged my tongue of the other atrocities on the plate it was very welcome. Financier with merengue. I don't know if it was the fact that the waiter took two almost full dessert plates back to the kitchen or if this is part of the meal (I'm guessing it is), but we received a small financier with our coffee(which was good). It was very fresh, and the merengue was one of the best I've had. 9/10Overall I'll give this a 3/5. I want to score it lower, but outside of the horrible dessert and overuse of tuna nothing was truly awful, and compared to NYC the prices are relatively low. I'll also chalk it up to bad luck, as I've had bad experiences at most restaurants I've been to once or twice (had a terrible one at Europea a couple years back).
5	This is the top end of modern fine-dining.  The ambiance and the service are as good as it gets - warm, professional, unobtrusive and omnipresent.  We opted for the 7 course tasting and one wine pairing.  Montreal is know for gastronomy but most of the top restaurants still center around a French influence and don't feel they have to venture too far into the stratosphere of experimentation which is quite OK with their clientele.  Toque was not afraid to go that extra mile but brought you back periodically with beautifully prepared Foie Gras and a Guinea Fowl course.  The tasting had an option for those who are not fond of Foie Gras and my other half had a striped bass in a sauce that would rival Per Se.  Yum.  A lovely evening that did not come cheap but for a dedicated foodie would not disappoint.
4	My girlfriends and I made reservations several weeks in advance for a Friday night and were seated promptly at a great corner table. I REALLY wanted to love Toque, especially after hearing so many wonderful things, but the experience fell short. Our group started with the champagne and oysters and then opted for the tasting menu with five wine pairings. There were a few standout dishes (artichoke foam, suckling pig, and duck), but the rest of the menu failed to impress, especially given the price point. I'd opt-out of the tasting menu if I went again. The space was nice and the service was impeccable; the staff made us feel welcome and catered to every need.
