4	When I heard Phoenix was having a Fashion Week I was intrigued...what would Fashion Week here be like?  Knowing what "fashion" is like here I had to check it out.  It was really hot with all of the lights and everything and while they had cold air blowers they were only in one part of the room and the cold air didn't circulate. I thought the shows were supposed to be Spring but on Tuesday (Boutique shows) they were definitely Fall.  (Which really isn't fair here....I mean sweaters are great and if I was still living in Boston I would have been beyond excited but there isn't an opportunity for that here.) Wednesday night brought more of a Spring feel with a huge show case on swim suits, which is fun, but not something that I choose to shop fashion for.  (I'm a JCrew swimsuit kinda gal.)  Honestly, I have to say that for the most part I was not wowed.  Most of it was stuff I have seen before over and over. One collection seriously looked like it was straight from Express last spring.  There was one outfit that was so horrid I felt bad for the model that had to wear it. (Black pants, suspenders, a pink sequined cardigan (long and with big sequins) and this awful mushroom hat thing. It was terrible.) It was just a lot of current trends or trends that are on the way out....not really the future of fashion but kind of where it was and where it is.  Where was the watercolor palate, the flowing chiffon, the structured hats and feminine forms that was coming out of New York?  On these runways the prevailing trend for women was sequins (ick), mini dresses (yawn) and t-shirts and polos (do we consider this fashion?)  For men it was button downs (yawn) and hoodies (how original).   It seemed to be a bit disorganized (nobody ever took my ticket) and at times it was distracting.  There were a few times where models started to walk down the runway while people were standing on it because you never really knew when a new show was starting.The highlight for me was definitely Wyclef and coming from someone that loves fashion as much as I do, well, that says quite a lot.  (To be fair I also love Wyclef but fashion is kinda my thing.) I wasn't very happy that we had to wait an hour after the show ended for Wyclef to come on. And we had been in the garage (unfinished office building?  What was it?  There was definitely exposed insulation....)  since 7:30 so we were a tad restless. (30 minutes after the show ended Pras came on and he was pretty awesome.) It was cool, just him and a guitar and he took Q & A from the audience. (Sadly, I knew that my favorite Wyclef songs would not be on the set list.) The intention was really good and to be honest I had fun even if the fashion didn't have me scribbling away making my spring fashion list or cause me to go running out to the boutiques to pick up anything I saw on the runway.  Overall it was a fun event (open bar always helps!) and I would definitely go again next year.
4	This year, PFW, was held in Tempe. Yes, Tempe. With after parties in Scottsdale. Yes, Scottsdale. Talk about an identity crisis. It's like that scene with Faye Dunaway in Network. "Your mother! Your daughter! Your sister!"The venue was fantastic. A hollowed out space in an office complex on Rio Salado. The runway, naturally, cut through the middle of the room with vendor tables off to one side. The vendor tables were a sad site. Seriously. They looked no better than my lemonade stand I had in the summer of '77. In fact, if I do say so myself, what I did with a card table, cardboard sign and my mom's best table cloth, was sheer genius. Though mom wasn't too pleased to see her lace table cloth covered in lemonade. Good thing I was cute. A wall of gorgeous windows allowed light and a view of the fountain. Nice. The only food offered was cupcakes from Sprinkles. So I finally tasted these trendy treats. While I enjoyed it, seriously, it didn't curl my toes and send my eyes to the back of my head. It was a freakin' cupcake. The VIP bar was serving up some yummy pomegranate vodka concotions! Dee lish!The event lacks leadership. No emcee. No host. Just a wandering trumpet player. Yes. That was the entertainment between designers. Fortunately I entertained myself by playing the squishy head game with people across the room. That said. I had a blast. And seeing my man's designs come to life on the models, set to the music he worked so hard on, was nothing short of magical.
3	STOP! Put your hands in the air. Phoenix Fashion Week, you are under arrest. Anything you say or do will be used against you. I'm sending Phoenix Fashion Week to the Fashion Slammer. I don't know who decided to let those "emerging designers" into the Friday night show located on the Wet Deck at the W Scottsdale, but whoever did, committed a serious fashion crime.  This state already has some of the most fashionably challenged individuals that I have ever laid my eyes on, so what really scares me is that this emerging designer Friday night show furthered that poor taste in clothing disease so many Arizonians suffer from.Strike one, "Couture by Lola" - This entire line looked cheap and unoriginal. Hardly couture. Screen printed hoodies, t-shirts and leggings? Come on now. What a disgrace to Madonna - whose music was playing in the background while the models walked the runway - if you want to have a 80s theme to your clothing, try doing something unique instead of mainstream and boring. Madonna shocked the world, and Lola rocked it to sleep.  Strike two, "Mary Jane Smokewear" - Pot themed clothing equals not a good idea. Another screen printed line of clothing, and it was a smoking disaster. Leave the weed themed clothing to Snoop Dog, please!Strike three, "Noctis Threads" - Not this again! More screen printing?? All of these articles of clothing were adorned with a hideous screen printed owl. Hoodies, polos, polo dresses, t-shirts.... BOR-ING!When I think of emerging fashion, I think of something shocking and maybe a little off the beaten path. These designers showcased something that I could find at H&M, American Apparel or the PINK line from Victoria's Secret. All very run of the mill and regular. This was more like a screen printing contest. Aside from the actual fashion itself, this event was well orchestrated and fun, hence the 3 stars. The runway was set up so that the models walked around the pool (I got excited because I thought they were going to set up the runway though the pool, to make the models look like they were walking on water... but sadly, being the creative and original type of thinker that I am, I set my expectations too high). Photographers were stationed at the end of the runway so when a runway model got to the end and posed, they were greeted with a light show of camera flashes as to give the appearance that these clothing lines were actually noteworthy. The bar line was a little lengthy but it moved quickly and the bartenders were on top of their game. The Fashion Week staff did an excellent job at coordinating the seating and entrance, and the timing in between shows was also perfect. In addition, I must give a big Thank You to Lindsey F. and Yelp for providing me with these fashion week tickets, Lindsey F... you rock! And while the Fashion was so so, I really did have fun taking in the atmosphere. It was a great night out, and I always enjoy me some good old W Scottsdale people watching. Like the ladies room for example, it was a horrific fashion jungle of hideous strippers and scantily clad ladies sporting their best slutty pieces for the night. That was a whole other experience in itself. I didn't even bother trying to take a look at myself in the mirror, I would have had to fight the horribly clothed fashion beasts reapplying and caking on their makeup for the 20th time of the night just to take a peek at myself and maybe reapply some lip gloss. Ugh. As my fashion idol, Coco Chanel once said, "In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different" - and all of the designers in this show were replaceable. Just go to your local t-shirt screen printer. They could design the same thing, you'll probably pay less and it won't have an ugly owl or pot leaf on it. Phoenix Fashion Week proved that Arizona is not just one but at least three to four steps behind all of the major metropolitan U.S. cities in fashion forward style. Case closed. Phoenix Fashion Week is now in jail, without any bail.
4	Went to this year's Friday show, which featured a mix of local, out-of-state, and a designer from Mexico (Silvia Bours).  It was enjoyable seeing all the designers' creations walking down the runway.  In between the shows, they played some video footage, mainly behind-the-scenes type stuff.  I found it a little boring, especially since they played some of the same footage quite a few times.  I thought the real standout of the show was the Silvia Bours collection.  I would wear every single one of those dresses if I could!
4	Joined the group just last month and attended my first event last night at Hotel Indigo. It was awesome! Great sponsors and friendly organizers. Was able to network and meet some talented new designers and stylists.
5	Love it! Will be there every year! It has everything you would want and more! Great Location at TSR!
2	There's Not much to say  except it's a step towards catching up with other major cities...
4	I've attended this event now for the past 3 yrs at Talking Stick Resort.  It has really grown into a large, fun event.  Here's why I like it:+ There's an area where designers have their products and designs on display so you can view their stuff and talk to them about it.+ People are super cool and are unique.  You really can't find a scene like this in the Phoenix area very often.+ The main stage area is open and airy.  It's outside with plenty of room.+ The lounge areas near the stage are cool and fun for hanging out and meeting new people.+ The afterparty on Saturday is a lot of fun.  Awards are given out to the best models of the show.Overall, it's a good time.  Can't wait for next year.Return Factor - 100%
