4	It's a strong start.Saw a writeup for this place online, and stopped in last week for lunch.  The special was a rice, shrimp, and red sauce dish that was okay, but we also had the namesake - pastitisio - which was excellent.  Tried the lemonade, which was cheap *and* actually made with lemons, delicious.  Took home a pound of dolmades - vegetarian grape leaves.  The dolmades were a touch dry, but didn't last the day anyways.I'm interested in heading back in a month or so, seeing how the place progresses as they're open longer.
5	FAN-TASTIC.   I got a gyro.  Served with a salad.  Nothing pedestrian about this place, I loved my food.  I got some stuffed grape leaves, about half a pound.  Nothing special about them, not the worst not the best.  The gyro and salad/dressing was awesome.  The better half got the lamb special.  We watched the owner grill it up for us, outside.  he said it was excellent.   this place is going to become a staple in my Lawrenceville food choices.
4	pastitsio is a great addition to the growing ethnic food selection on butler street. stopped in for an early weeknight dinner and had the seating area to ourselves. while the interior is a bit cold (temperature wise) and didn't have a ton of character, the food was good enough to earn 4 stars. i got the pastitsio which was very good, and was served with a great side salad. i saw you can also get dishes to-go for about half the dinner prices which are a great value for what you get. the food may not have been as good as pylos in nyc, but you could tell a lot of care was put into the menu, and everything really had that homemade quality.
5	Great little Greek deli and something new and interesting in Lawrenceville. The owner's a nice guy and easy to talk to as well.I've had their baklava and it was absolutely divine. I have yet to try the rice pudding but I plan on it.On my first trip I had moussaka. It was like lasagna and was delicious. The side salad is nothing to write home about but the oil dressing was perfect and had that light, handmade touch that makes real dressing so much better than the bottled stuff.On a second trip it was insanely busy due to their recent Groupon involvement. The service was slow but I had the feeling they simply weren't use to the amount of people coming in. Either way, my lamb gyro was delicious and the pita, as others have said, is perfect. Served warm and fluffy with a bit of crispiness on the outside.Definitely give this place a try. It's an interesting place to dine because Stamatis changes the menu so often and uses high quality, local ingredients.For a larger review, visit: http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/06/28/pastitsio-a-little-bit-of-greek-in-lawrenceville/
5	Love it here, eat those Pastitsios all the time!  You should too.Actually I move often enjoy a salad, gyros get my hand's dirty.Eat in or take out.  Good food takes time, so plan for that.  What ever is on special is for sure special, so have some of that too!
4	Spanikopita was great...nice and flaky, fresh cheese and spinach..yummo!  Got the lamb....the salad and dressing were GREAT...the lamb was room temperature with too much fat for my liking.  The tabouli was good and my hubbys gyro was really good...also not hot but warmer than mine.  The brewed iced tea and fresh lemonade hit the spot.  We left feeling good...not hungry, but not exactly full either.  All in all a good experience but probably won't go out of my way to get a $25 lunch.
5	Fantastic place with quality fresh ingredients.  Pastitsio caters for our office and everyone loves the pitas, spanakopita and orzo salad.  It is an amazing place!
4	I had the best time at Patitsio on friday evening. We had invited 18 of our closest friends to celebrate my dad's new book. It was really cool to sit outdoors under the stars and the food that was prepared by Chef Matt was just wonderful! The appetizers, Patitsio, Chicken skewers, and Spanikopita was delicious.  The salad was fresh and the dressing that went with was very tasty. The seasame cookies and special grape dessert from Alex was amazing as well! I will definitely be recommending Patitsio to my friends!
5	This place serves the best Greek food in Pittsburgh. I went here for the first time with my friend from New York City and she even said that it was the best Greek food that she has ever eaten. Since this first visit, I have been stopping in for takeout to store in my fridge. The staff is very nice and the owner will actually take the time to chat with you. It is obvious that I highly recommend this place.
5	I love this place from the service, to the look/feel inside to the food. This place serves arguably the best Greek food in Pittsburgh. I went here for the first time with my girlfriend because we were new to the Lawrenceville area (just moved) we both agreed it was delicious. We now even just stop by for some pitas to take back home for us to use with the rest of our hummus. Great service, food and location.
4	So...I went when Pastitsio first opened and was a little disappointed. There weren't many options, the portions were small and pricey and my bf and I were just "meh" about it. I haven't been back since that visit until today....All I have to say is that I am disappointed in MYSELF that I didn't return to this place sooner! It is super close to my house, and I had no idea I could have access to fresh, DELISH hummus all the time. Hummus is a food group for me, and being a vegetarian, it is one of the only things I can order at a lot of restaurants/bars besides salad. So I love it, I never get sick of it. Pastitsio's does it FRESH and RIGHT! It is so good paired with their warm pita! You can also buy containers to go, and now that I know this, I will probably be back frequently!They also have an array of fresh (vegan/veggie) salads like Tabboulah and potato salad with olive oil, not mayo. They have daily specials (bf got the carved chicken sandwich) and many other fun things in their to-go fridge. BF loved the salad dressing as well!Plus, they were so friendly when we walked in! Super nice people, they brought everything to our table on nice plates, and just made the extra effort. Can't wait to be back for my weekly hummus fill!
4	The gyro here is pretty tasty.  The ingredients are fresh (and local) and the flavors are good.  Each component is very tasty on its own: the warm soft pita, nicely seasoned lamb, yummy tzatziki, and fresh veggies.  It was all very good, but didn't knock my socks off when assembled together--still tasty though.  I plan to come back and get another gyro or try out the falafel.  $10 minimum on credit/debit card purchases kind of stinks, but I understand why businesses do it.
5	Very light and healthy food.  Tasty too.Very clean kitchen / dining area.  If you like Greek food or are in the area, definitely check this place out.
5	I'll admit it. I have a slight bias towards small businesses that locally source and, above all, are DELICIOUS.Google Offers sent me here with a deal too good to pass up. T'was criminal, really, that I hadn't been to Pastitsio before since I only live up the hill from it. I seem to always stop by when they're closed! (That being said, they do have slightly strange hours.) I stopped reading the menu as soon as I got to FALAFEL SANDWICH and, pupils dilated, saliva dripping, just repeatedly pointed at the words until I received my sandwich. While the ten minute wait for my sandwich might very well have been the longest ten minutes of my life, every bite was sooooo sooo worth it. Everything was just amazingly fresh! From the cucumber and carrot salad to the veggies in the sandwich, it seriously tasted like they just uprooted their produce in the back upon receiving my order. The best part, however, was the falafel itself. It was certainly unconventional in that it tasted much richer and more moist than falafel I've had elsewhere. If only I could replicate everything in my own kitchen! Alas, I'm forced to return again and again on an empty stomach (though leaving fully satiated).I really thought I had had the best falafel in town at Kassab's, but Pastitsio seriously gives them a run for their money! Now, I just need to get them to deliver lunch to my workplace... (and cater my birthday... and maybe my wedding... and my bat mitzvah...)
5	Good food, freshly made from local sources. We ate moussaka, lamb gyro and baklava.  We'll be returning.
5	I cannot believe I've waited this long to come here!  I passed it on Butler for months and months and never went in, but always thinking I had to go.  Now to think of how many delicious meals I have missed out on makes me sad!I tried to order the lamb sandwich but they were out, so it could have ended badly.  But don't you worry, they still had veggies, so I opted for the roasted veggie sandwich.  It. Was. Incredible!  I loved the soft doughy pita, the delicious perfectly roasted roasted peppers, zucchini and eggplant with a creamy saziki sauce. Of course, I also couldn't resist a beet salad side.  When you order a beet salad you never really know if you'll get (I mean, unless you read the menu...I just see beets and get excited!), greens and beets or just beets.  This time it was just beets, but it was still great with a slight taste of orange and vinegar.   The place is super tiny, but wasn't too crowded.  The one negative thing was it was hot as hades inside.  I believe it was probably around 40 outside, so when I walked outside it was refreshing.  I even started fanning myself with a City Paper at one point!  Other than that, killer meal and I will most definitely be putting this on my lunch rotation in Lola!
4	My husband and I went for lunch with a friend and were very pleasantly surprised. The menu offers a 4-5 salads, 5-6 sandwiches, and 6-7 entrees, along with a few small appetizers and desserts; however, what the menu lacks in breadth, the cook makes up for in execution. The food was simple and the flavors were right on. Meats come from local farms and ingredients are fresh. Service was quick and friendly - the owner even came over to say hello and chat for a few minutes. Our bill was $25 for lunch and a drink for three people. We definitely plan to go back and eat on the outdoor patio.
5	Great Greek food deli that adds to the character of Lo-La (Lower Lawrenceville)!  I have been to Pastitsio ever since it newly opened and have enjoyed coming here ever since.  It's a tiny little deli with spare indoor seating and outdoor seating on an adjacent patio.  The place is bright and decor is streamlined and clean.  The lamb souvlakia dish is an excellent standout and my personal favorite whenever I stop by for lunch.  The lamb is locally sourced and tender, the rice pilaf is flavorful and deliciously textured with mixed grains.  The tzatziki sauce is light, refreshing and creamy and perfectly complements the meat.  The side salad is served with a fantastic homemade Greek dressing made with high quality olive oil.  The pastitsio and moussaka are delicious and I love the spanakopita and baklava.  Chef Matt is super friendly and really cares about his food and ingredients. While I was in there talking to him one day, he brought it up that he caters as well (duh, it's on his website but I didn't think to look there) and I decided to have him cater my son's birthday party.  I couldn't have picked a friendlier and more helpful catering service to do this.  Matt went the extra mile to help me pick out dishes and set up the food for the party and offered all this at a reasonable price.  Our guests raved about the food.  The hummus, salad and pita appetizers were delicious and all our guests wanted to take pastitsio, soutsoukakia and baklava home with them!I'm not sure why this place has gotten negative reviews.  It is, after all, a deli trying to serve home-cooked good food at restaurant quality levels so being critical of the service when there are only one or two people working the place is slightly unfair.   I'll definitely be a regular here.
5	The absolute best grape leaves I have ever had. Everything is amazing.
5	Fantastic, authentic Greek cuisine, friendly service, nice ambiance, reasonable prices...for sure, the best gyros in town.
2	As a proud black male with an education, let me tell you that I've had better Greek food. I awoke from my midday nap with obvious hunger in my belly, and I was craving something from the land---you know, made with vegetables and animals grazing on hillsides, like the pictures I've seen in books. Anyway, I headed down to Pastitsio for a gyro ($8, with a "salad"). The gyro perfection was indeed perfect, but the side salad was weak and sloppy wet with a flavorless oil sauce, like my Uncle Red's toupee they found after Katrina hit town.The gyro was definitely flavorful, and not obscenely enormous like some places make them (Rodos Greek Cafe). But the salad was so bad, I knew I need to get home and Yelp to all my homies in the L-Ville. Service was fine and average, no complaints. And the atmosphere is hip metal tables, exposed brick, and yuppie hipster prices. There was a lovey-dovey couple next to me romantically sharing some rice pudding(also overpriced). My main gripe is that I don't feel I got $8 of gyro and salad--it shoulda been $5. And the menu had too many options. I'm a simple man, as you can tell by my picture. Cheap Greek food should be CHEAP.Now, back to whoopin some ass...
3	3.5/5 - Pastitsio:  A delightful dish full of flavor and smooth bechamel sauce2.0/5 - Gyro: very small portions, lacking in flavor3.5/5 - Lamb Dinner: delicoius, but small
4	Solid Greek food in the heart of Lawrenceville.  The falafel was tasty, the service was quick, the environment was cozy.  This place closes sorta early-ish so I'd think of it more of a lunch or carry out place than a true dine-in establishment.  Though I certainly did enjoy my cafe experience.  Enough options to satisfy the Greek connoisseur, but simple enough to appeal to the dumbos like myself.  The falafel sandwich was absolutely fantastic.  The hummus had a nice zing to it, which was appreciated.  Portion sizes were plenty.  Some of the entrees cost a bit more than what you'd expect to pay (paying in the teens for some dishes), but as long as you stick to the simple sandwiches, you'll certainly receive a fair value.
4	My first time here ,,Classic Greek food! Very fresh made to order! Had the lemon potatoes different from what I'm used to but were good!!  Also had the grape leaves and gyro! Both were very good as well!!
5	I don't know why this place doesn't get 5 stars every time. I love it. Absolutely love it. The food is simply put: amazing. Every time I think about the Chicken Hellenica dish, my mouth immediately starts watering. I have tried nearly every dish on their menu, as well as the specials. You cannot go wrong with any of them. The service is really good too. Crystal and the owner, Matt, are very attentive and friendly. I highly recommend the specials whenever they are on the board. Their falafel sandwich is great, and make sure you try all the salads, from the house to the beet to the wheat salad. The one tiny downside to this place is the inside decor. I don't like the aluminum-ish tables and would prefer nice wooden ones, but I understand that the place was made for take-out. They have some nice pictures up and a beautiful wooden bench on the side, which I sit on whenever I am taking food home with me. While the inside might do with a little added warmth, the out-door patio is pretty sweet to lounge and enjoy all the great food.
2	I tried to find out what to write about this place but all I can say was it was a little bit of a disappointment.  The service was really kind but I was still not blown away by the food.  We chose to sit inside because first off I hate the thought of insects infesting my food and also I love my air conditioning too much.  At first I thought it was nice that the kitchen was open and you could see your food being prepared. Then the smoke came and clouded the whole restaurant. Then the food came...or should I say the kids meal came. The portion was barely enough to feed a 12 year old. However - the food here was good! I just wish I had more. The falafel was soft and the salad was pretty good but I wanted more than a few bites. I guess it's a good strategy - make them want more!
3	Good food but it was also overpriced by about $4 (cost $7-it was tiny) and took 20 minutes too long.  I ordered falafel, she told me they needed to make it so it was going to be about 20 minutes; I opted for the other choice...still took 20 minutes.  It was 2p.m. on a Saturday, they open at 11a.m. I'll give it another shot because this place is in my neighborhood.  Like I said great food-but charge what it's worth and have it together at 2p.m on a Saturday, people!
5	Love love love this place. Awesome greek food, using fresh, local ingredients (you can taste the quality), with fantastic service (the two women at the counter were really lovely). When I first saw the prices, I balked a little thinking them pretty high for what I assumed was just a run-of-the-mill takeout gyro shop. Boy was I wrong! This is not your everyday takeout fare and the menu goes far beyond the standard takeout greek. Greek yogurt made fresh in-house with grilled pomegranate? Yes, please. I assume they mostly do a takeout business because the seating area is pretty small but it was actually quite nice and, from the looks of it, they have a BYOB policy (very cool). Definitely try this place. I recommend the house salad with lamb (this is not your ordinary house salad...there are amazing roasted vegetables and dolmas on top and the dressing is delicious and light). My boyfriend had the chicken gyro and was still talking about how yummy it was the next morning.
5	Just a wonderful and delicious experience. Falafel and palakari will blow your mind. Will be back soon!!
2	Hmmm, well we were the only two people in there.. and the food took 25 minutes. For a gyro and a veggie pita??? After that, it wasn't anything all that good :( Meh, probably not going to go back.
3	There were a lot of things I like about this place:- clean, open kitchen- awesome customer service- fresh ingredients - the only grape leaves I've ever likedHowever.... The prices/portion sizes are painful! $9 for the smallest falafel salad I've ever seen. $7 for a tiny chicken wrap. The good was good but not good enough to warrant the prices. There's better value elsewhere.
5	Best greek in Pittsburgh.
4	Stopped in here for a mini-hangover brunch on a Sunday a little while ago. The breakfast gyro I had was fresh-tasting and super satisfying but also not too filling.  In short - a perfect mildly-hungover brunch option! They also generously gave me a free sample of their blueberry bread pudding. I generally don't like blueberries OR bread pudding so I was pleasantly surprised at how much I loved this. The staff and atmosphere were very pleasant and inviting as well.
4	I had a great meal here. The prices are great and it is also a BYOB. They have a nice patio for outdoor seating as well as some indoor seating. I've gotten take-out and dined in here and every experience has been great. What really stood out to me was the friendliness and courtesy I was shown by all of the employees. That alone is enough to get me to come back. Add in delicious gyros, salads, rice pilaf, and I can't resist!
5	Good food, good people, good place.
3	Basic greek menu, gyros and a few entrees were good. If you like falafel do yourself a favor and don't order here. Found it mushy and tasteless, worst I've ever had,  was served with tzatziki sauce, not tahini sauce as it should be.
5	the service is excellent. the food is some of the best Mediterranean food I've had, particularly in Pittsburgh. the falafel salad is light and delicious and the pastistio is perfection.
2	Kind of expensive, not that much food for the price. The quality was decent, but nothing too elaborate, and the vibrant flavors you'd expect from Greek food just wasn't there.
