5	I have been coming here for all my nail needs for almost 8 years now. The girls are always super nice and do such a quick but precise job and the nails last months as long as you dont mess with them. Pedicures are long, come with a leg massage and they do such an awesome job with hand drawn designs. Prices are great for the quality and pleasant experience. I live in oldtown scottsdale but drive 20 miles every two weeks to get all of my nail needs taken care of here. Have tried finding places closer to my apt, but am always pissed off with service and quality.
5	I Absolutely, 100% LOVE LEMY NAILS!!! It is the only place in valley where I am consistantly happy with the way my nails look after they are done. My nails last so long that I only have to get them done once every 3-4 weeks! IMPRESSIVE!!! I happily drive 30+ miles to have my nails done at THE BEST NAIL PLACE IN ARIZONA!!!
5	Lemy's is the best! The massaging chairs are amazing, all the staff does a fantastic job and I've never once been disappointed!  I would come every day if I could afford it!  My only complaint, and its small, is that you can't put tips on your card.  So make sure to bring cash for a tip for Lemy's amazing staff!
5	Love Love Love Lemy Nails!!  The staff is amazing.  I'm always happy when I leave there.  I get my nails, toes, and eyebrows done, it's great!  I have been going there 8 + years.  I recently got my husband to start getting pedicures with me, and he loves it.  Everyone does such a great job.  It's a must!!
5	Best kept secret (well I guess not any more) of the West Side. This is a no frills type of place but it is clean and they do excellent work. Everyone who works there is very nice and it is always the same employees, no revolving door for sure. I have small nail beds and very thin nails. Before I found Lemy Nails, I was never able to keep the acrylic tips on, they always lifted or broke. Since finding Lemy, I have never had a nail break or come off in the entire year I have been getting them done here! The prices are also extremely reasonable. Especially since the quality of work is so high.
5	I originally went to Lemy Nails because it was close to my house. Now I won't go anywhere else. I had gone a month ago and got a gel manicure. Shortly after I was bit by a dog and one of my nails was damaged. I was weary of going again until this morning another nail broke past the nail bed, I went in to see what they could do. The gentleman that started my manicure was very attentive, he fixed the broken nail and paid special attention to the damaged nail while taking the old polish off. Then he had to attend to another person, so a young lady took over. She was also very attentive, my nails look wonderful now, you can't even tell I had messed up nails this morning. I recommend this place highly!!
5	Amazing Service HERE!! She always does what i ask for and even better!! Good Customer Service and great Talent!
1	The lady I went to was still drunk from New Years, she wasn't listening to exactly what I wanted it was what she wanted to do and how to get me out of there quickly. I asked for short and natural and got flared c cuts that were extra thick, I was so unhappy and you could tell when I left, still paid and left a tip. I will never be back. Awful place, awful customer service.
5	I just moved into the area from north Scottsdale area, i have always gotten my nails done by the same person, Sonny, but when he moved back to Chicago i decided to go to beauty school to learn to do my own nails because I am very precise. So naturally when I came to Lemys I had my doubt...but the man who did my nails paid a lot of attention to detail and did an INCREDIBLE job, just like my old Sonny! Definitely a hidden gem and I will absolutely be coming back! 6 outta 5.
5	I have tried tons of nail salons in the north valley, only to get bubbles and nails that break in a week. But this place is amazing! Awesome service and my nails last at least a month! I drive 20 miles to get to this place and it is worth every penny
4	I received a GC for here. I was not impressed with the first impression . It was quite busy for 3pm on a Thursday and the space was pretty small. There were plenty of technicians so I didn't have a wait at all. I think they waited longer for me to pick a color.  Decided on a French pedi and gel mani.  They do charge $5 more for callus removal but I needed it. The gentleman working on me did a great job and was very patient with my initial indecisiveness. I also got a brow wax once I realized they did that as well. I am sold! This is my new spot for brows for sure. I have received many compliments on everything. Great hidden spot, but go early if you don't like crowded spaces.
1	So I go at least monthly to get my nails done. I gave a special place where they are great but I was with some girlfriends near the area and we went here to get a pedi together. They were pretty nice but seemed to be in a real hurry. So they start on my toes and she starts digging at my toes and acts as if I gave ingrown when I have never. I let her do her job.. She then pulls off a good chuck of my skin on the inside of my toe that touches the nail. She doesn't apologize but instead throws water and alcohol on it to stop the bleeding I suppose. So it hurt pretty bad. She continued the lotion part of the pedi hardly touching my skin. The whole pedicure lasted 10-14 mins tops and she took off fast. So I left limping and upset. It's been a week and my toe is so infected that I can hardly walk on it. They used dirty supplies and I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst  enemy. Stay far away.
5	I am never, ever unhappy leaving Lemy Nails! The space is a little cramped, but the quality of work makes up for it. I have become a regular and always leave with a fabulous manicure (or pedicure!) There is usually no wait time, so that works out great for me and my busy schedule. Card payers, make sure you bring a little extra cash! You cannot add a tip to your card. Overall, Lemy Nails is a great place! I don't go anywhere else to get my nails done!
1	I have been getting my nails done here for 3 years. Until this past Wednesday I got my nails done here and got an infection! I loved how detailed they worked here but will never go here again! I'm so disappointed and hope I get better soon. Do not come here!!!!
