3	I live around the corner and it's really easy to drive thru and pick up some donuts for the crew but I never drive away completely satisfied. Why? Because they're always lacking in some way. I order an assorted dozen. They tell me they're out of many types so they ask me if it's alright to make the dozen with less-than-popular/usual flavors. I have no choice so I say "Sure".  Another time I asked for four crullers and came away with two. Maybe it's bad timing but I've been there at various times of the day.
4	Jeesh I drink too much coffee! Each day when I get ready for work it's hard to decide where to go for my caffeine fix - this Dunkin' Donuts close to work or the Starbucks down the street from my house. I've never had an issue with donuts here, and not with their coffee either. The place is usually spotless with a few people hanging out or having a meeting or appointment, and the straw bin is always full. The staff, for the most part, are super nice, friendly and quick whether it's in-store or in the drive-thru. Also and more importantly, the coffees (Iced and Hot) and lattes and such, are generally a little cheaper than Starbucks, which is good during those time you have to be a little more economical before next payday! As for donuts, each time I've ordered them (which is mid-afternoon) there hasn't been a shortage. Oh, and their flatbread sandwiches...they're good! The bread is light, fluffy, and the insides are nice and gooey!
5	I have to say i really love this place. I live just a few blocks away and it is very nice to have a clean,nice place so close by. I have gone there many times now and have never had a bad experience. They send out some fantastic coupons!  Only one time did i go through the drive thru,i usually always get out of the car and go in.  The store is always very clean, which you can not say at the Mac Donald's 2 doors down. They always acknowledge you when you come in ,but not in an annoying way.  Very friendly and fast service. They can answer questions about their products and I really like the coffee. I just drink the plain black coffee nothing in it. So i can say the flavor is really good. A lot of places in this neighborhood do not make it. It is a little rough over here.  So i am very glad that they are here.  Oh another plus, they do not put the napkins on lock down. You can help yourself.
4	I have to say, I would rather spend 2.16 on a coffee from Dunkin Donuts than 5.34 from Starbucks.  Today I got a large coffee with 2 splenda, coconut flavor and some cream and it is de-lish!America runs on Dunkin!  This location in nice for me as it is on the way to work.  The only problem I have is that when you go inside the service is kind of slow because you have 3 people working the drive-thru and only 1 person working the inside cash register.  Spread the love!
5	This Dunkin Dounuts,is very well located. Right off the freeway. It is a really clean store and they also always have coupons. I ordered a Breakfast sandwich and coffee.  By the time i had my coffee ready my food order was totally ready. Their coffee is very godd . I also buy it for home.                                                                                                                      They are very fast, friendly and It is a quick stop when you are in a hurry. They even have a drive thru. Lots of parking as well.
2	2 stars. don't get me wrong, i LOVE dunkin donuts...and i never even buy the donuts!   coffee is better than starbucks and way more affordable.  i have the egg white/turkey sausage flatbread sandwich for breakfast on my way to work several times a week.  but boy, the service is so poor at this location.  as another reviewer said, it doesn't speed things up (ever) to go inside when there's a long line at the window....just go for the window as the inside counter is always understaffed.  at least once every 2 weeks, my order is screwed up....and i order the same thing every day i go here.  lately, i've just given up and gone to the store at 40th and thomas; way better service and friendlier folks.
3	Because the service here is so great, I was tempted to give this four stars. But.....Internet access is simply HORRIBLE. Been there many times and I've had to connect my laptop to my cell phone to gain Internet access. I filed a complaint with DD and was told someone would contact me but it's been thee months and nothing.
5	We don't have a Dunkin' Donuts anywhere near where I am from even though there are ALWAYS commercials on TV- extremely unfair if you ask me- so we wanted to get as much Dunkin' Donuts as we could while we were near one. This location was very easy to find with easy access. The staff were so friendly and you could tell that they enjoyed working there with each other. The staff was so friendly and nice that we decided to go back there again even though there was a closer location to our hotel. I wish I could eat here every day- but in the end I'm glad.
5	Love this particular store. Clean. Friendly staff. The Red Velvet Drizzle donuts are absolutely out of this world...but oh so bad for my Size 4 figure. Oy vey!!!!!I'll be back every now and then for a little somethin' somethin'! :P
2	I went in there on March 2nd about 8pm. Very poor selection of donuts. What was there seemed to be stale when I got them home and opened the box. The 2 guys working there were rude and short. The Quik Trip next door has 10 times better donuts and service than this. My friend went to this Dunkin Donuts before and had said the donuts were good, but the staff had attitude problems. I personally will not go back. I am thinking that this is a franchise location? Staff did not even know their donut menu items. Example "french delight".
1	Worst customer service ever. Asked for a LARGE cup of ice and was given a medium. Asked again for a large and got some excuse about inventory and not being able to charge for water. Have never had good customer service here and food usually is cold or barely warm. Always disappointed and have given this location many tries to get it right.  Good thing there is a Starbucks very close to this location.  At least there they always give good customer service.
1	Worst Espresso EVER. And my steak and egg combo was ICE cold. If I could give 0 stars I would.
4	Just wanted a large, hot, black coffee. Got it in about 2 seconds at the drive-thru. That's not gonna happen anywhere else.
4	The iced coffee with extra cream is my all-time favorite. The donuts are good but not amazing. The other food items don't look as appetizing so I've never tried them. The 4 stars is for the coffee only.
2	Why has dunkin done nothing about their customer service? The skinny I don't usually get coffee nor am I a big donut lover but my gf is so by default I frequent places like this. I never had a great experience here no one has ever wowed me which is ok I never expect it. The problem is they never seem to be average or ok with service I always seem to have one thing wrong with my order which is funny to me as usually order one thing med iced coffee with cream and 3 splendas (my gf's order) and they either give me no cream and 3 splendas or cream and 3 reg sugars. I never tell them I just fill out there survey in the back of receipt and let them know what's going on I'm sure I have left my share of bad remarks but nothing has changed, once the 99c coffee promo is up we will be going back to Starbucks although expensive, the baristas usually give u a smile and are friendlier (though not all). So overall I gave this place 2 stars just based on their customer service I hope they can step that up as I'm not a difficult customer and I hate to be treated like I am.
1	Came here 2 days in a row and was told the coolata machine was broken. Segun.  She says the exact same thing.
