4	Dormont Lanes is inconspicuously located in the basement of a Dormont plaza on West Liberty Avenue, somewhere between Wine & Spirits and CVS / Payless. I am no bowler, but this is a smaller alley with a huge upside to it: BYOB. The last time I went with friends we brought a 30 pack and pizza on the off chance that they'd let us, and the guy there didn't bat an eye! Now I am no big fan of bowling, but I am a big fan of beer, and the more beer I drink the more I'm a fan of bowling. And by proxy I am a fan of Dormont Lanes! Good times had by all
4	If you like eclectic, old-school, Lebowski-style ball tossing, Dormont Lanes is THE spot.  This place embodies all that is bowling culture. It's split between automatic scoring and self-scoring (have to be able to count to self-score, warning - after many drinks this may become difficult), is super, super affordable, with a very random staff, and BYOB! Just don't put your bottles near the lane ... the lane attendants will make sure you are aware that it is not allowed. They're pretty strict dudes who I think throw 250+, so you just respect it. The jukebox is free. Bathrooms always seem clean. Only food is a vending machine and an ice cream cooler (novelties) - but there is a Little Caesar's upstairs. It is not trendy - and you cannot compare it to Arsenal, Lokay, or anything normal, really. I BYO shoes too, although I believe they are typically included in the price - there's also usually a special going on (3 games for $10-11, or AYCB for $12 or so). They don't have a website, so I'd recommend calling - they do take reservations. Good luck, and may you bowl many turkeys.
4	This place makes me laugh. It's super ghetto and retro but awesome all at the same time. You go through a door and door some iffy stairs into the basement where you meet a Big Lebowski style Bowling Lane with one side being Electric and the other being manual scoring. My wife and I went here to throw a few frames and I have to say that we had a good time. It's BYOB oddly enough so you can bring your own libations to enhance your good time.If you can get past the super ghetto and retro stylings you will surely have a great time.
5	Hey everyone!! Dormont Lanes did shut down, BUT it's reopened as Hollywood Lanes!Visit them online at: www.hollywoodlanes.com  or check out their facebook for the most current updates: facebook.com/hollywoodlanes
