5	Having grown up in Madison in the 80's, Brat und Brau was one of our regular places to grab a brat, burger, or a fish fry. When we saw that they were opening back up on the north east side we had try it out. We had the brauburger baskets that included the fantastic cottage fries, and we shared a basket if homemade onion rings (more like onion strings). The burgers were great, had good flavor and were cooked to perfection, as were the fries. The condiment bar was a nice touch, having all of the usual burger and brat toppings represented. The homemade onion rings were delicious, tasting fresh with the perfect amount of batter and not overly greasy or salty. The people next to us had the brat baskets and raved about how good they were as well. Prices are very reasonable and the staff is extremely friendly, if you are in search of a good brat or burger on the north east side or if you want to relive a Madison dining experience from the past, give this place a try.
5	Brat & Brau is definitely our new go-to restaurant on the NE side! Having just opened up six weeks ago across from Warner Park, we weren't exactly sure what to expect but were pleasantly surprised with their good food, great service and relaxed atmosphere.I ordered the brat basket, which came with a pile of salty cottage-style fries on the side. The condiment bar had all the fixins' to top brats with, so I loaded up on kraut and mustard. It was super tasty and paired with an ice-cold beer made for a perfect Wisconsin dinner. We also ordered the ham plate... a decision my boyfriend made (who ever orders that!?), but it was a yummy decision and he was super happy with his old-man culinary tastes. We ended up just relaxing there for awhile after finishing our dinner, and made the decision to come back again for more! Overall, Brat & Brau is worth checking out.
5	On a whim, my partner and I stopped in.  What a great whim!  This family owned, Wisconsin to the core place should not be missed.  We both ordered the pork cutlet, and it was tender, well seasoned and perfectly cooked.     The cole slaw (which came with the dinner) has an amazing flavor, with a clear, homemade vibe.      The owner was on hand, attentive and helpful for this first time diner.  His parents were at a table just finishing up their meal.  Yes, there is a great family feel here.  Next time we'll have to try the brats!    A great addition to the Northside
2	No. I don't want your used grease burger.While I get these other reviews from folks growing up in WI, considering that people have different tastes everywhere, I strongly caution anyone not from here to give it a second thought before purchase. All we purchased was a couple of burger baskets but we both walked out without eating more than a single bite of the burgers. The fries were good. What none of these reviews mention is the state of the food that you get or how it is cooked. The burgers, if they were indeed fresh ground, tasted like fast food burgers. Fake. The grease pooled instantly around the bottom of my plate, rendering the "bun" a useless sop of nasty. The bacon was undercooked, enough that I wouldn't even eat it off the burger.Imagine how bad that has to be, how greasy and undercooked, that the bacon wasn't pulled free and eaten. I don't know people who would leave bacon behind, I certainly never would have otherwise.All in all, it might be a great place for folks accustomed to eating dripping mounds of slush or if you have a sudden craving to eat a burger with a spoon. For everyone else, as disgusted as I am to say it, I'd eat Wendy's. We did not stop to complain and get our money back.That said, the folks there seemed really nice and it was nothing but smiles. Helpful staff to explain how seating and ordering goes.
1	Absolutely horrible! I miss the old Brat and Brau! Freezer burn flavor burger and broken broccoli cheese soup were not worth the money.   And the manager needs to go to class learning about customer service. Not going back!
5	Great food and a fun experience!  You order what you want by markng it on the order sheet.  Then you order and pay at the counter and they will bring it to your table.  Great cottage fries and free popcorn!
3	I like to support my local restaurants so we stop at the Brat and Brau. You grab a table with menus and check off what you want and take it up to the counter.  I usually always have a burger when I try a place out which is what I did this time. I also ordered a Hacker Pshorr. There was nothing special about my bacon cheese burger. It was similar to a Sysco patty.  They did have a very friendly staff, free popcorn and some select beers.  It could have been me but the tap lines could stand to be clean. My Hacker didn't taste as good as it usually does. My son had tenders and cottage fries. The tenders were very very small and chewie. The food didn't wow me but the customer service will bring me in to try again.
4	Nice to have Brat und Brau back in Madison!  Carla, our waitperson, was very friendly and attentive.  Brats and fries were as expected; pork cutlet very tender and tasty.  Coleslaw could use some improvement.  We will certainly come back again!
5	Brat und Brau has wonderful customer service from the time you come in until the time you leave.  the food is delicious and the portions are over exceeding.  I have been going to this restuarant since i was little and still today this the cottage fries and the homemade onion straws are the best in town.  I encourage couples, families, and others to try this family establishment!!!  You won't be disappointed!!
4	Brat und Brau - A Madison Institution - open again in MadisonStopped for a brat and some fries.  Patrick, the owner was taking time to visit tables, meet and greet and welcome everyone - nice touch. I had the chance to hear more about the history of Brat und Brau and what motivated him to re-open in Madison - very interesting story - make sure you ask him about the Brat und Brau history when you stop by.  Everyone was very friendly and helpful.  Sandwiches (Wurstburger) were tasty and filling - served with some delicious cottage fries. Fill out your menu, just like the old days, take it up to the counter and they bring the food out to your table.  A well stocked condiment "buffet" is available so you can fix your sandwich "just the way you like it".  Brat und Brau is a wonderful addition to the Northside of Madison - they are easy to find, right next to True Value hardware store - not too far from Dane County airport.  Give the Brat und Brau a try the next time you are on the Northside, I'll think you enjoy the hospitality and the food.
3	This place is a no frills.  You're going in for a brat and beer, you'll get that.  There isn't anything fancy here, there are TVs though.
2	I did not have time to prepare dinner last night, so I hit up Brat und Brau for some carryout food.  There's not a wide variety of restaurants on Madison's north side, so I was hoping to find a decent, new dining spot close to home.  I order the fish dinner and a grilled cheese for my daughter.Unfortunately, it was not the kitchen's best performance.  It seemed like the staff just assembled and warmed Sysco ingredients.  The kitchen did not apply much in the way of creativity or technique to either dish.The fish dinner ($12.99) suffered from a lack of seasoning and a lack of any texture.  The breading was bland and lacked any crunch. The texture of the fish also was mushier than other fish fries I've had.  The small serving of tartar sauce suffered from the same lack of seasoning - I could not detect any lemon or herbs.On the other hand, the cottage fries were soggy and had far too much salt.  While the portion size was generous, I was unable to finish them.The slaw looked promising and added some much-needed crunch to the meal.  However, it just had an off taste and I quit eating it after a couple of bites.  The dinner roll was a standard issue roll for a fish dinner.  Nothing spectacular, but I enjoyed it.My daughter enjoyed for grilled cheese ($2.99), especially the cheddar cheese.  They actually grilled the sandwich because the griddle had been turned off. The sandwich had grill marks and the cheese was melted through.  Other than the overly salty fries, it was a great meal for the price.  My daughter preferred this grilled cheese sandwich over was she gets from Culver's.The ordering process was efficient and the staff was friendly when I picked up the food.  I also am a fan of any place that offers free popcorn.Despite the mediocre food this visit, I will try Brat und Brau again because of my positive interactions with the staff and a streak of nostalgia.  However, I'll stick to the bratwurst and request the kitchen go easy on the salt.
3	First visit was on Monday, June 2, at around 7:00pm - we stopped in after doing some gardening work earlier in the eve.+ Plenty of parking in the large lot- The place is in desperate need of good signage + SUPER friendly staff - unbelievably nice, welcoming, sincere, and grateful.+ Fantastically easy ordering process - use paper menu to indicate wants and quantity, take to register to pay, and you're good to go.+ VERY clean restaurant - everything was spotless- Needs more "pizzaz" - it's rather sterile feeling inside. Granted, it's in a strip mall, but then again so is the MidTown Pub and it doesn't have that strip mall feel to it. Some color, window coverings, and some choice lighting would help a ton.+ LOVED the old original menus and reclaimed artwork. Very cool and fun.+ Nice selection of brau - some good beers available and at excellent prices+ Free popcorn- 'twas a tad stale, but in all fairness, it's been ridiculously humid out. And it was still super tasty.+ Onion straws. Salty, handmade - yum. Fried perfectly. Loved them.- Brat buns. Let it be known by all within earshot (and eyeshot) that yours truly is NOT a fan of the overly bready brat bun. They overwhelm the brat. For a purist like me (brat, a hint of mustard), I don't need a ton of bun. I'd much rather see a hot dog bun than a behemoth brat bun... They offer hot dogs, so I'll ask for a lighter bun next time.+ Brat was perfectly cooked and good. Not super bold with flavor, and not grilled, but solid. I'd get one again.+ The cottage fries that accompanied the basket were perfectly cooked, and even if they were likely from the Sysco catalog, I liked them. They were slightly salty, crisp, and good.There's also a huge condiment bar, and a self serve soda fountain. All in all, it was a good meal. $22 for two dinners, two brews, and an appetizer is a true bargain, to boot. Factor in how great the staff was and this place is a solid 3-stars. Spice up the brats a bit, roll back on the bun a little, and give it some character, and I'd be here every night!
5	I met up with some friends for B&B's Friday night fish fry and I was not disappointed with the food!  As someone who hates fish, I got the 'Wurstburger' and it was spectacular!  It was two slider sized burger patties with a bratwurst on top of them.  The hamburgers were juicy, which was a nice change because most restaurant burgers are incredibly dry.  Anyway, I topped the sandwich off with mustard, pickle, raw onion and bbq sauce from the large condiment bar.  It came with coleslaw and cottage fries, which were cooked to perfection.  I will definitely be back for that sandwich.  My friends all said the fish fry was out of this world good.The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere in the restaurant is very casual.  Do you want to take someone here on a romantic date? No.  But if you want a place where you can kick back and catch up with some old friends, this is the place for you.  I will definitely return.
5	This place is great! Free popcorn, really clean. The menu is unique and delicious and the beer is well priced and very cold. The pretzel cheese bites were amazing!
3	Ok food that did not necessarily impress the group I was with. I had been looking for a hot dog joint and it opened up literally in my backyard. I went once..,now, they are closed to my understanding. Sad to see it go, and hoped the best for them but it sounded like the complex would not let them put much signage up or anything and struggled to get many in.
4	Food is pretty good. The staff is very helpful and attentive. Would like to see some more beer choices. The only thing that im a bit confused by is the look of the place. Really nice dark stained tables and booths but bright white walls and ceiling tile.Give it a try, you should like it.
