5	Recently opened but as yet no website only twitter connections in Edinburgh Osteria del Tempo Perso, made lunchtime a no-faff deal. Great service, cosy surroundings, soft music, generous portions made our tapas styled meal all the more authentic. Very tasty and lovely presented food, interesting decor and great company all made for a unique lunch experience.On arrival we were presented with a sample of house white wine and a small portion of Parmesan paste coupled with cheese crunch. A short time later after more catching up our group demolished a selection of veggie goats cheese bruschetta, mushrooms, ham and cheese platter. We had so much fun during lunch that an hour just flew by.Twinned with their Italian sister opened around a decade ago on the East Coast of Italy, the team are providing authentic simplistic in style but delicious food combos with the exception of a menu without pizza.Go and try for yourself as there are plenty tables for medium sized groups (table share), or romantic night out. I will have to come back again of course to try their macaroni Italian cheese pasta(made in-house) or some of their fish dishes. The restaurant however was quiet when we were in, over the coming weeks I'm sure they will be peppered with pre-event bookings. But in all another decent Italian establishment to add to the culinary delights in our great city.
2	On entering I was so excited straight away to be getting a totally authentic Italian experience - the menus was complicatedly Italian (and no set lunch pricing was involved, which seemed to upset a few locals), and all the staff chit-chatted away in full Italian behind us...... The food made immediately less of an impression  - the amuse bouche of 5 huge balls of fried pizza dough was neither stated nor requested, and as well, totally unnecessary and devoid of seasoning. The antipasto included a horrible german sausage meat and some random other stuff-who knows what because it was a drop and run sort of affair for the server - no explanations given! One of the spicy meats was delicious but we cant tell you what it was....we left a lot of it in anticipation of our hand made pasta dishes....35 minutes later we were delivered with the most tasteless pasta we have ever experienced. We salted and peppered till we couldn't any more and eventually got the attention of one of the servers still working (2 had gone civvy and didn't see us any more) to bring our bill. We'd ordered a salad that hadn't turned up on our table and was on the bill. They fixed it without quibble but still didnt apologise for us not getting something we'd ordered. At no point did anyone ask if everything was ok, not once.  My lunch was really bad and i was really disappointed. Before the food i was thinking about how to bring a group of pals here...i now won't come back...     Shame
