5	This is my favorite farmer's market in the Madison area. It's big enough to have just about everything you'd want to buy, but small enough that you can actually get some shopping done without fighting the crowds. Lots of veggies, some meat and cheese and fruit, other interesting things. I love the gentleman who sells seedlings (all through the summer! which is a godsend for a brown thumb like me who accidentally kills off her plants on a regular basis) and the family that sells scratch-and-dent tomatoes by the large box for a reasonable price. Plus Stella's and Farmer John are there! (It wouldn't be a farmer's market without Stella's and Farmer John!) You'll see me there just about every Sunday during the season.
5	Best market in the area.  Be sure to check out the CafeSocial coffee truck (chai latte tea is incredible) and Noel's Jams and Jellies.  Two of the best finds anywhere.  Produce and honey are among the tastiest.
4	I go to this market just about every week during on-season. They are the best market in the Madison area. Large enough to have a great variety of things, pretty much everything you'd expect at a market, and small enough that it can be a quick trip instead of an hour-long venture just to find what you want. They always have some sort of performer doing music, which ranges from "not my taste" to wonderful. Shout-outs to Noel's Jams & Jellies, for having the best homemade jams, jellies, pickles, sauerkraut & more that I've ever had. You really can't go wrong. Also, Cafe Social has some great iced beverages. Also, Farmer John has the best cheese curds in WI, as far as I'm concerned.
5	I've been to this market a handful of times on Sunday mornings and always leave with armfuls of treasures.  CafeSocial is always the first stop and definitely hits the spot, also like to visit Stella's and grab some spicy cheese bread.  Always plenty of wonderful veggies to choose from too! Perfect market for those that don't like the crowds of the downtown market on Saturdays.
