3	Located in the Greenland Foodcourt.Ordered the "2 for $22" - 2 orders of 12 pieces of fried chicken for $22.  4 flavors available - we choose the Fried chicken and another one with mild sauce.  Pieces were all legs and thighs, and it took 15 minutes as expected.Fried chicken was done very well - nice crunchy skin and juicy chicken.  Mild sauce was decent; just a sticky mess to eat with hands.  Chicken came with house salad that has a sauce that includes siracha and a bowl of those white radish blocks.  Had a taste of each then focused on the fried chicken.  The guy working there was extremely nice and offered us a free sample of the pizza they serve - I think it was sausage and sweet potato with cheese in the crust.  It was actually excellent and I'd strongly consider ordering the pizza next time.
3	I think I set my expectations too high...this is an attempt at replicating the chicken from Bonchon and UFC korean fried chicken of LA/New York...but falls short.  I'll start with the positive notes, the sweet garlic sauce has a hint of heat and is flavorful.  Whether this "Love Letter's special nutritional sweet and mild sauce" really uses 20 different vegetables as ingredients is suspect, but I'll believe it just so I can rationalize this fried chicken is somewhat healthy.  The skin is extremely crunchy on the outside, but different than the flaky crunchy texture of Southern fried chicken skin.  Another note, the menu prices listed in the photos on the yelp page have changed...it's $2 CHEAPER for half/full orders.  The negative side of this eating experience comes in that the only piece of chicken in my half order that was not dry was the drumstick, all the other pieces seemed to be white meat chunks (ie a chicken breast cut into 3 pieces) and were EXTREMELY dry.  Don't come here expecting Popeye's or KFC sized chicken pieces.  Perhaps I am too accustomed to American sized portions and steroid laced chickens...but the 6 pieces of chicken in the half order is probably equal to about a 3 piece meal at an American establishment.  With that said...because I am a fried chicken fiend....I will probably visit this place again in a month in hopes that my experience was a fluke and that the chicken will be flavorful, crunchy, and....hopefully moist!  Oh and for those wanting a comparison to the fried chicken at Bazic...Bazic wins based on the juiciness of the chicken and the crunchiness of the skin....but I will say the flavor options are more varied at K Jun.
5	I'm giving this place 5-stars mainly because of how good customer service was.I gotta say that the free pickled radishes were extremely good! They were fresh, sweet, and crunchy. I never had those things before. The Korean Pizza was probably the best thing on the menu. It had sweet potatoes and Korean BBQ beef on it. The beef they got on the pizza is way better than 90% of the Korean restaurants in town. Personally, I like the plain chicken over the one with the sauce. The portions were pretty big, and they hand batter and fry your chicken the moment you order it. This is a pure fusion style restaurant. They also give Tapatio with your chicken and pizza.   Lon L's review was 100% accurate about how the chicken wasn't your traditional Korean fried chicken.   Most Korean fried chickens are very similar to a American southern fried chicken, but with a hint of sesame oil and soy sauce. Traditional Korean fried chicken is prepared by battering the whole chicken without cutting the pieces apart, unlike in America where they batter the individual pieces. Then the whole chicken is flash fried in a pit of boiling oil. After only a couple of seconds they hand you the whole f*cking chicken still in one piece!When I was a little kid in California, I used to eat at this Korean fried chicken place that would actually deep fry the chicken in a combination of Vegetable and  Sesame oil. It was really good.  The chicken here at K-Juns tastes more similar to Tang Su Yuk(spelling). It's covered in a very sticky sweet-sour-spicy sauce. The good news for me is that I really like Tang Su Yuk, so ended up finding the chicken to be enjoyable. Originally, I did not want to come here but, my Mom kept insisting on eating here when she came to town recently. My mom went weird a little over a decade ago. She started acting very oddly and her speech pattern became pretty disturbed and strange. While I was driving to Greenland market with her, we had two conversations. The first one was about "starbucks coffee sent me a free drink coupon". And the 2nd conversation was about how: "A friend of mine who is Hawaiian said that K-Jun chicken was bad, so I don't want to eat there". But, my Mom insisted that she wanted to try it. When we finally got there, she went up to the counter, and incoherently told the worker: "Starbucks Chicken is bad Hawaiian food". Now, everywhere my mom goes this happens.   And, everywhere we go people lose there patience with how nutty she is. Workers everywhere can't stand her and get really rude to her.  But, that didn't happen here at K Jun Chicken. The worker was very understanding and sensitive. He never got irritated, never laughed at her, or lost his patience. And he helped my Mom order exactly what she was looking for. It was very nice of him, and I appreciate his kindness. The respectful personality that this worker possesses is exactly what I would expect from a true East Asian person. There used to be a time when Asian-Americans had integrity and honor. We used to respect our elders and not make fun of the disabled. Nowadays a lot of Asian guys here in America(especially the ones around my age) talk all girly and act all snotty, passive-aggressive, and rude to each other. It's literally impossible  to get a long with them.  And a lot of Asian girls are like self-hating(especially at college campuses) and always rant about how they wish they were white and how "the White man is the superior human being". Like for example: I had a nightmare situation at a Korean owned sushi place in California where the self-hating Asian girl who was working there immediately let me know that she hated me for being Asian, male, and alive. She didn't even ask me about how many people where in my party, instead she just comes up to me and says all that. Then she kept coming back over and showing me pictures of her white boyfriend on her Iphone, and then started making remarks about how "Asian guys are ugly and all look alike". And at the end she made a comment about how Asian men "oppress women" and how "it's not in the white man's nature to treat women badly".  She wouldn't leave us alone! I believe that if my Mom came into that Sushi restaurant with her mental condition, the Asian chick would have kicked her out. The only reason I stayed was because the owner invited us there that day for a free meal.  And the only reason I haven't left a negative Yelp review on that place is because the owner used to be my next door neighbor. But, moral of this story is that you won't get that kind of treatment here at K-Juns. All you get is respect and good service from traditional East Asian workers. None of that f*cked up sh!t. Overall, I am happy I came into a Korean restaurant this time and didn't get dissed. Customer service itself deserves 5-stars
