4	I followed my stylist Adriana here from Coupe Bizarre. I have only had Adriana cut my hair at this salon so I can only comment on my experience with her as a stylist and I can say that it's always great. She listens really well to what you want, recommends what might look nice if you don't have ideas, and is always excited to take a risk. That being said, she's also great at playing it a bit safer, if that's what you want. Recently, because of my career choice, I had calm down my hair a bit and she made me look really great! The salon is in a great location and has reasonable prices. It's small but has a great open feel and is decorated nicely. Obviously I'll be back because my stylist is there but I would go back anyway.
4	I'm a picky person. Hey, it's my nature and I don't try to change it. So, when it comes to my hair do, I like to get it did. Properly. After a few A-OK cuts at another salon in Montreal (I won't name names), I decided to take a friend's advice and check out Helmet. Upon arriving at the salon, I was greeted, although not particularly warmly, by a girl seated at a desk. All good since she clearly wasn't going to be the one cutting my locks. When I did meet my soon to be hairstylist, I was oddly surprised slash comforted in the knowing that she was teeny tiny and I could simply put her in my pocket and leave if she attempted to mess up my sacred strands of hair. She was very sweet, took her time, kept complimenting how nice my hair was (gold stars for her!) and in the end she rocked it. It was one of the best cuts I've had in a while, and I when my ends start to split, I'll be dialling Helmet's number again and requesting the assistance of the little woman with the big belly (she was after all, pregnant).
5	When my beloved colourist left Hed Salon about 2 years ago, I embarked on a journey to find a new place where I would receive the same amazing service I had been used to with him (Jean-Luc, I miss you!!!).& I am glad to announce that this afternoon, after much research, I finally found it.Helmet Salon is a pretty little space decorated in a modern baroque way - white walls, contemporary paintings, black mirrors & chandeliers. The clientele seemingly belongs to the alternative crowd, & so do the hairdressers, who all looked very friendly & talented. The concept here is that your stylist takes care of everything, from colouring & cutting your hair to washing it - which means you'll have an interminable appointment if you two don't get along. Luckily for me, the person I was randomly assigned, Terry, is a warm, attentive & enthusiastic young woman. She is also clearly gifted in her field: I L-O-V-E my blond highlights & the way she cut my hair - nothing extravagant, she did not take off too much length & understood what I wanted (I know, I'm conservative). Furthermore, since she thought the price was too high for what I was asking, she gave my hair a free nourishing & volume-inducing treatment.Now, my only problem is, indeed, the price. It cost me 200$ for the cut & highlights. Sadly, I can't afford to be back as often as I would like, but I will definitely be back eventually! *Helmet Salon, you won my heart AND my head.*
4	Randomly chose to come there for a new haircut.  I was "randomly" assigned to Terry, a very attentive hairdresser who simply did the best haircut I had in a while. And believe me, when it comes to hair, I'm picky! Will go back for sure, does not remember the exact price but does remember that if your budget is tight you should avoid.
5	Fabulous!!!!!!I have extremely long and thick hair and am always nervous going for a haircut. I usually ask hairstylists to just cut 1-2 inches off the bottom and thats it. I was referred to Jason by a friend and am so thankful that she told me to go to him!!! He was amazing!!! He listened to my wants and needs but also told me his opinion and together we found a happy medium where I was extremely happy with my cut. He spent lots of time cutting my hair, which is great because he really knows what he is doing and is super knowledgable and skilled. I love how we cut it so that I can just air dry it and it looks amazing and styled with no effort whatsoever. He worked with my natural wave and now I will never go to anyone else. I would definitely recommend going to see Jason or anyone at Helmet Salong. Amazing.
5	I just got the BEST haircut of my life at Salon Helmet!! I actually went there in a mild panic to get a bad cut fixed, and I feel like my life has been saved - I can go out in public again! More than that, it's the kind of haircut I've always wanted, and my stylist took the time and care to make it perfect. She knew exactly what she was doing, so she was pretty fast and really personable. Worth every single dollar. She also cut my hair so that it won't need any maintenance cutting or touch ups for about four months, so ultimately I saved myself money. I'll never sell myself short again and I'll never go anywhere else to have my hair cut except to Terry at Helmet.
5	Salon Helmet is my go-to hair salon in Montreal. Located in a great location along the bustling Ave Mont-Royal, the interior is very modern and clean with only a slight hint of pretension. Further, they usually have some pretty decent jams playing in the background. I usually go to Guillaume for my hair purposes. He has a great sense of what would look good for my kind of hair (Asian hair, sigh) and pays a lot of attention to detail. I enjoy the fact that he's really trying to bring back an old-time barber vibe to hairdressing. When he's washing my hair at the end, he'll often grab a razor and refine a part of my hairline he found to be uneven. All-in-all, I've enjoyed my visits to Salon and will continue to return as long as I'm in Montreal.
1	Yesterday was my first time at Helmet and my stylist was Danny.He sat me down and talked about what I wanted, and really seemed to understand. I had a long pixie that I wanted a LITTLE shorter and thinned out. I specifically said "I don't want to back any shorter." And he agreed.When he washed my hair he threw a towel around my neck, not secured, and water went in my eyes, ears and down my back.When he was done washing my hair he put a towel loosely around my hair and again, my hair soaking wet- water got in my eyes, all over me. And he didn't even notice! It was only at the point where I said "There is a lot of water in my eyes and I wear contacts." That HE GAVE ME THE TOWEL HE JUST "DRIED" MY HAIR WITH. And didn't say sorry for soaking me.With burning eyes and makeup down my face, he started cutting my hair... At first he took off some length on the top... but then he got to the sides and the first snip on the sides- I knew. WAY too short.The entire hair cut he was preoccupied with a street festival outside. There was one point where I even said something to him and he didn't hear me but just pretended to!? It was like a "hi, how are you" and he said "you too!" No exaggeration- I noticed him looking outside at least 20 times.As we got towards the end of the cut there were tears in my eyes and it was VERY clear I was unhappy. Very obvious he knew this. But he "played it cool" with belittling phrases like "this is your first time going really short, you'll get used to it."Instead of asking me if I liked it or if I was satisfied he literally said "okay." as if to cue he was finished, and polished off the experience by taking my cape off and then blowing all the loose hair on my clothes.This was by far the most unprofessional salon experience I've ever had.
3	After reading positive reviews, I purchased a haircut for my partner here, and he was scheduled an appointment with Francis. My partner's haircut started to look messy after three weeks. A subsequent haircut with Danilo lasted much longer, but I now have to find a new place for my partner who feels that $55 for cut+tax+tip and the rushed vibe is not his thing. I pay $80 for my haircut when I'm in Vancouver for work with the senior stylist at Suki's, a lovely Italian man. For that price point, I was disappointed with the haircut I got here (I don't remember the stylist's name, a woman) which looked so bad after two weeks that I got another "corrective" haircut done again in Vancouver soon afterwards. I'm not returning, no matter how hipster cool, social media savvy, Instagram-ified these folks are.
