2	Dear God... what was I thinking?I wanted a quick trim for the weekend, and I just couldn't wait for my appointment at Swank Salon in two weeks... Yea, yea, I get what I deserve, you get what you pay for, etc...The girl didn't even listen to a word I said - It shouldn't be too complicated considering I don't have that much hair left to begin with, and certainly not a complex style.Damn you Great Clips!Well at least I have an excuse to buy myself a new hat.
3	There's not much to cut anymore so I am in and out.  It's relatively easy to buzz cut the sides and "trim" the small number of  hairs on top.  I seemingly have more hair in my ears so if they could be transplanted it would be a big plus.  Today there was no waiting but I have had to wait ten to twenty minutes on other occasions. I don't have any favorites so accept whoever is available.  In general, this has worked fine with my simple needs.  The key thing now is getting the hair out of the ears and a "clean" cut..I plan to return in another 45 to 50 days... with more hair in my ears but probably a few less on top...
4	I was recently in to the salon, and Ashley cut my hair.  I have a simple style, but she spent extra time in perfecting he cut.  The salon was clean, and the prices were awesome.  If you need a trim or simple haircut, don't hesitate to go to this salon.  My husband also goes to the same Great Clips.
4	Still not much hair to cut but Helen does a good job and has developed a following of both men and women.  Don't spread the word or I will have to wait longer.
3	This is a very hit and miss kind of place. I once had the best haircut ever here and so I came back. I got a different stylist and I ended up getting the worst haircut ever. So, take your chances. The price is right and it is very convenient.
1	BIG MISTAKE.It's really simple. I specifically asked the lady to just clean up around my sideburns, ears, and the back of my neck. I said "I do not want a haircut. Just clean up around the edges.She did the exact opposite. She cut everywhere! I have super uneven side sideburns...in fact, the haircut itself is totally uneven from side to side.Also, 2 of the 3 ladies working there barely spoke english. NEVER GOING BACK.WORST haircut experience I've even had.
1	Probably the worst haircut of my adult life.  These people are nice but very slow and clearly not very skilled at their chosen profession.  I say this knowing full well that I was going to get a cheap ($13) haircut.  Going here was a big mistake.  They don't even clean their combs and clipper attachments between clients.  Gross.  Did I mention that going here was a big mistake?  Go south to the one on Thomas and Scottsdale.  They do a much better job.
5	This place is great!!!  I have been getting my hair cut there for around five years.  My whole family of five goes to Great Clips.  We are never disappointed and believe me....we are picky.We first started going to GC because we were new to AZ and was close to our house but we tried a few other places.  They were more expensive and we just didn't like our cut as well.Ask for Ester or Olga they are great!!!  The whole staff is very friendly and well trained.
5	Just had my hair cut again....just the best hair cuts ever.  I have been going here for years!  I would recommend highly.I don't understand some of the bad reviews but I guess people love to Post when they are not happy but not so much when they are.Ester cut my hair and she is just a gem!
5	Jerys listens to what you want.In the world of uniform cuts and no questions asked, I found somebody that does it the way you want.If by any chance your hair grows, keep this address on your cellphone.
5	Nellie is the one to visit. She did a great job cutting my hair for the first time and it took only about 20 minutes.  Nellie is no kid, she is a veteran and even has a great pair of scissors on her lapel. The fact that they have a $7.99 special until August 8th doesn't hurt. Normally it would be $13 which is still a bargain.
1	Nellie had a miserable day today, she really showed her age today and why she was still working cutting hair as she approaches 70. First, she takes a phone call ( a personal phone call from her daughter) during the haircut. She tell me her daughter wants her to do her a favor, then she rushes through the haircut, flubbing some major areas. The area around the ears was left hairy, she kept forgetting how to turn and keep the electric buzzer operating and she was finished in ten minutes. I would expect more for 13 bucks, so unless they have another $6.99 sale, it is adios to Nellie and those in-haircut phone calls.
