5	This new pet care and training facility will be the best thing that has happened to central Phoenix in a very long time. The owner brings a caring and confident knowledge base that every animal lover appreciates and admires. Bring your behavior challenges here (both yours and your 4 legged furball)and be ready to experience positive life changes!
5	My dogs love going to Learning Pawsibilities! They have great room to run and play, have lots of individual attention from everyone there and toys/agility equipment to keep them busy. They come home happily tired from a fun day of play. I completely trust my fur babies to Mirna and her team.Can't recommend enough!
5	I took my Aussie, Tessa, for a couple of hours of day care.  She came back smiling and ready for a nap.  So this is really her review :)A really nice place with great gals running the show.
5	Cooper is having the best time with Mirna and her crew.  He is so tired and happy when he gets in the car.  Recommend!!
5	LOVE this place. Very spacious with a helpful staff. Tables and chairs were set up for us by the stall. Bags plus bucket and mop for clean ups. Very nice folks. The dogs had a blast.
5	Not going to lie, I did not trust this place one bit because come on - the place used to be a sex toy/clothing shop. In my mind, I just couldn't see how the place could be built for dog boarding but, Mirna (owner) proved me wrong.Central Phoenix was seriously lacking a dog boarding center despite how dog-friendly the Biltmore/Arcadia businesses are and how apartment ridden this area is. I was going on vacation but moved from the 24/7 Gilbert Dogs area and needed to find somewhere closer than having to basically trek to Mexico just so my dog could be boarded.This place was literally steps nearby and once again, I was wary due to the former business it used to be and how new it was with not many reviews. I first went to take a look at the the place and Mirna more than willingly gave me a tour. No dildos or bras surprisingly, but an actual agility/play area with more than 4 sections to move dogs around. 40 bucks a night is more expensive than most other places but if you look at their Facebook page, you'll see why.My beast of a dog isn't exactly dog friendly after being attacked and finds other dogs annoying. I don't know where she got that from, definitely not me *eyes shifting*. It was my first time boarding and I nicely warned the staff that if they didn't update at least twice a day with pictures or videos of my beast breathing, I would assume that my dog was dead like Green Acres and start a one woman Ferguson Riot of my own. Mirna and the staff made sure she always had one on one enrichment and training and made sure to constantly upload the Facebook so I could breathe a little easier while I was away. What was probably the best part? My dog didn't come back home smelling like she came from the mighty St. River of Dog Pee. I used to hate that I had to give my beast a bath after Gilbert Dogs because she smelled worse than a skunk but she smelled so great I almost cried tears of joy as I smuggled my face into her fat rolls. Definitely give it a try! They also offer Veterans discounts so yay!
5	This place is amazing. I have been bringing my pomapoo Hunter for 2 months now. I have difficult work schedule and need daily doggie day care during non traditional hours. This is a cage free boarding and day care. They have a 7 to 1 handler ratio. It's not all play they teach manners, agility and basic obedience while at day care. Added bonus they post pictures of your fur baby on Facebook daily.The owners Mirna, Eric, Lena and Greg are wonderful, caring people who know their dogs. Definitely recommend them for anyone! It is worth the drive!
