2	I wasn't that impressed.  The machines look old and rusted, there didn't seem to be any air-conditioning and it had to be in the 90's inside since it was about 110 outside.  They did have overhead fans.  The price was cheap--45 cents per load to wash in a top loader but we only found one top-loader available that actually worked.  Half of them were Out Of Order.  Instead we dumped everything into two front loaders that claimed to do double loads and were out of there in pretty short order.  We took the clothes back to my daughter's apartment building to dry in the laundry room there so she didn't have to stay with them.
1	I've been avoiding this place like the plague, but I had to come here today because I had 2 rugs that were in severe need of washing.  Sadly, my preferred quarter laundromat closed, and this place was the closest to me.  Having been here before, I knew what to expect.  It's a card operated system, where you put the money on your laundry card and run it through the machines as necessary.The only thing decent here is the prices.  Everything else here makes me want to wash myself in bleach.  The place feels run down, and really needs a serious overhaul.  The machines are older, and there's at least a few that are "out of order" every time I'm here.  Coming in this morning they had a pipe burst, so they were cleaning up the mess when I arrived.  The bathroom is scary, and I don't think they change out the garbage bags.  Yes, the garbage goes out, but the bags seem to always be the same.If you can help it, go somewhere else.  This place is filthy, and half the time I'm here I can never find an attendant.  I wish they would put a little more effort into this place to make it decent, but apparently its not a huge priority.  What a big fat fail this place is.
5	Coinless operating and friendly staff...New attendant Marcus was friendly and helpful.
1	I only went to this place because the inexpensive washers were not working at the SuperLaundry on the NE corner of Broadway Rd and Dobson Rd. That has happened a few times before. Unfortunately, I filled four washers and then realized that they didn't work.9/29/2013: Follow up comments: Today, I went to Home Again Laundry. Many of their machines work, but many have decals peeling off the machine. They have very inexpensive (0.50) washers Monday through Friday, but you are lucky to find one open. Also, there may be people waiting to use the next open "cheap" washer. They have an entire wall of dryers that cost 0.39 for a 13-minute cycle. I found four washers close together and went through one drying cycle. Two of the four dryers nearly dried my clothes in one cycle. I gave those two another cycle. The other two, including one with Levi's, were still very wet. I was about to slide my laundry card for another cycle, but I first felt the drums of those two dryers. There was NO HEAT in either one. Any drying that was done was through the friction of the clothes rubbing together. I will only go back here if I have a need to clean some item quickly (or slowly if I can't find a working dryer). I may start driving further away to get the clothes cleaned.
4	I'm gonna up the stars.  It's cheap, they keep it clean, sitting in it for a couple of hours was not too bad, except it is hotter than Hades.  Even the kids are pretty well behaved.  There's a movie on the tv and fans going.  Bring a cold drink and tough it out.
3	About three times a year or so, things get so busy that my wife and I fall way behind on our clothes washing--to the point that our own machines at home can't keep up.  when that happens, it's off to the laundromat.We usually go to Eco Laundry in Tempe, but that spot was so crowded today, that we decided to try somewhere else.  Using Yelp, we found this place in a half-abandoned strip mall in Mesa.  It seemed pretty decent inside, so we started things up.  A few things that you need to know before coming here:1. This is a "coinless" laundry, and the machines don't take quarters.  So, all those quarters that you have been saving up to use in the machines won't even get your shirts a rinse.  You can use them in the half-empty vending machines or the empty soda machines, but that's not very helpful.2. To wash clothes, you need a card that you charge with money (like Kinko's).  A new card costs 89 cents, and you need bills to charge the card.  Once this is done you can get going with washing and drying your clothes.3. Beyond getting a card and charging it, everything is pretty standard.  They have lots of multi-load machines.It may be a little more expensive to wash and dry clothes here than at a standard coin laundry, but we had few difficulties.  They have a bathroom which is always nice.  So is free wifi.  This ain't a bad laundromat, but I think I still prefer Eco Laundry.  Quarters just work for me better.  We'll go back some time--I still have money on my card!
5	By far the best laundry mat I have been to! (and i have been to many!). They have a true "home again" vibe. They only have 2 employees and I have met both of them, Chelsey and Marcus, and they are really great and they are definitely employees to be proud of! They both express great customer service skills. for example: they make sure everyone has a place to sit while we wait for our laundry, they pull out extra chairs and they even gave me a water bottle when they say how exhausted i was! Its nice to have conversations with them as well, they make time go faster and you tend to forget that you're sitting in a laundry mat when you're having lots of laughs :)  Very comfortable setting, children are well behaved and its always CLEAN!
1	I wouldn't give any stars for this dump of a place ... The floor was dirty , some of there machines were broken  &  filthy .. No manager or workers to be found & when they are around , they are rude  ..  I've been to this place twice and would never come back . I would rather pay more $ at a place that is clean and have friendly  helpful workers . I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy .......
