5	Briana. Is a rockstar. After a medicated birth of our first child, I decided that I wanted to be fully present and unmedicated for the birth of our second. And I wanted a hospital birth. And I wanted a Doula. And I feared that a Doula may not support our choice for a hospital birth. My search led me to Sin City Birth. And others. But Brie's profile "spoke" to me in a way that others didn't. And I was comforted by the fact that she'd been employed in a hospital which gives her a level of expertise that others don't necessarily bring to the table. She has seen a lot. And she knows the options. And she speaks the hospital language that maybe I don't. And she supported our decision to do our thing in the hospital. Fast forward to our birth. I labored at home until it became apparent that I needed to be at the hospital. Like 20 minutes ago. I called Brie with my cry for help and, despite living on the opposite end of the valley from us, she met us at the hospital within minutes of when we arrived. Because she's smarter than I, and she knew that I'd need her. And she waited patiently nearby for me to realize I needed her. And, while my husband rocked the early labor pain relief techniques she taught us, he couldn't give me the physical relief I needed during transition. In my foggy state of transitional labor, I knew immediately when she'd arrived. With her welcome cold hands applying super-human counter pressure, and her intense, no-nonsense eye contact, she got me through to the birth of our beautiful baby. And then the doctor arrived. That was 6 months ago. And I still remember the impact she had. I am so thankful for the control she took that I needed in those moments, that my husband wouldn't have known how to, and that the nurses (God bless their work) wouldn't have focused on. Brie helped ME. She is really good at what she does. She's passionate about birth. And about empowering women. She's necessary. And she's a rockstar.
5	Awesome classes!
5	Took Briana's cloth diapering class today.  Tons of info. Very informative.  Awesome class!
