1	Worst place ever! I walked in and the guy at the front desk was nice but the girl at the computer was just looking at me as if she had a problem, but besides that I waited a hour and a half to finally get called to the back! Then after seeing the nurse she went to get the doctor which took another 10mins for him to finally come see me and I told him my symptoms and he took a look and said you have this and I'm going to to prescribe you with these meds, then he straight up just left without asking me if I have any questions or any other concerns, this really made me angry!! After waiting for him to come back 15mins or more passed by then finally a different nurse came in and gave me papers of what I have and the prescriptions and they led me on my way. Like this was the worst check up I've ever experienced!!!
1	Absolutely horrible. My son came in with foreskin swollen like a balloon and I was very concerned.  We were in the waiting room for less than 5 mins before getting a room and the PA came in almost right away. He diagnosed him within a few minutes to having fluid build up and it would go away on its own.  I doubled checked with him that it wasn't an infection since my son also had a rash 2 weeks prior in the genital region with a cold(I took him here also to be seen thinking he had a yeast infection but another PA said it was just from the cold and gave us antibiotics)  We left with no medication and just to come back if the conditions did not improve.  I knew something was really wrong so I went straight to the emergency room at Sunrise hospital and he was diagnosed with a severe infection complicated from an untreated yeast infection!!!! He had to recieve an antibiotic shot along with an antibiotic medication regime.  I gave the Dr. my discharge paperwork I received from Urgent Care Extra and he just shook his head.  TWICE THEY MISDIAGNOSED MY SON!!! I would not recommend this urgent care to any mother. They clearly have no pediatric knowledge!!!
1	Worst medical facility experience ever. From the receptionists, medical assistants to the doctor. There was less than 10 of us waiting in the lobby. It took 2 hours before I got seen by a doctor - not urgent/quick enough. You can just hear employees just chit chatting.They renovated the place. And that's the only good thing I can say about this place.The medical assistant had to take my blood pressure twice on my left arm and still couldn't get it right. I told her I couldn't feel my fingers anymore so she switched to my right arm. At which point, I could just feel my blood boiling. It's an electronic vital stats machine for crying out loud! All you have to do is press the start button and it measures everything for you all at once! I had to ask what my stats were - my own information cannot even be disclosed to me. She blamed the machine. The doctor spent 5 minutes tops with me. I had questions and possible prognosis ideas. To which he just said "I don't know". I've seen nursing students smarter and more helpful than this guy. So very rude and unprofessional. Proper handwashing and wearing gloves were not done.The walls in each exam are very thin. I could hear what's wrong with the man in the other room. Patient privacy isn't important here...as a matter of fact, nothing seems important here at all.
2	When I walked in,  there were 3 people waiting, my wait time was approximately 2 hours to be called. Once inside the person who I thought was a PA, actually a NP spent maybe 1 minute with me and then walked out of the room, I waited 10 mins for someone to return with scripts, finally I walked to the desk and asked  if the scripts were ready, I was told they were working on it. Once the scripts were received I took it to the Pharmacy and to my surprise someone had changed the spelling of my last name (not even close to what it should have been). The Pharmacy had the right to refuse to fill the scripts. I returned to Urgent Care  to inform them of the error (couldn't call because  their phone system was not working correctly) and to point out the importance of spelling my name correctly since the scripts were given to the pharmacy. The lady behind the desk responded by stating, " We make mistakes, only human". She finally admitted that the error was cause by her and half-heartily apologized. I would recommend skipping this facility if other options are available. NO PHYSICIANS AVAILABLE FOR SERVICE just Physician Assistants & Nurse Practitioners.
