5	Tiki Ice is a small stand in Town Square Las Vegas, near the central Childrens' Park area.  They serve delicious, natural frozen fruit treats that are quite inexpensive, and they strive to be environmentally conscious in their business model.  Apparently a student-run business, all the people who work there are friendly and offer free samples of their wares.  With compostable cups and spoons made from plant starches instead of plastics (oil!), and entirely reasonable prices ($2 for a scoop!), I highly recommend it.
5	We went 3 nights in a row.  Banana is my favorite.  Watermelon is my son's favorite.  Better than "shaved ice".  I read on their food license that they are seasonal.  Nooooo!  I can have this all year long.  I hope they expand and we are able to find them everywhere soon.
5	You CANNOT go wrong with any of the flavors here.  But my favorite is fruit punch.After trying Tiki Ice, I cant go back to having any regular 'shave ice'.  Everyone should try this place, it's healthy and the spoon and cup it's in is all bio-degradable.
5	many are saying its better than 'shaved ice' but why?? cus the ice is soooo finely shaved that its texture is just like ice cream. and most importantly, the flavor lasts til the last scoop. unlike 'shaved ice' where you're just eating ice and sipping the flavor out. plus they use all organic ingridients.
5	NON Dairy, SOY FREE, Gluten FREE, ORGANIC Ingredients, nO HIGH fructose Corn Syrup, NO artificial colors or flavors, no artificial sweeteners or preservatives!And they sell it in Whole foods too! and its a LOCALLY OWNED BUSINESS!You can't go wrong here, this is the BEST ICEE in town...healthy treat for you to eat! especially nice when its HOT+ degrees out.LOVE IT! I've been making up reasons to go to town square just to get another ICEE!
4	Taste good, good for you, and good for the environment. It is possible to have all three. You are welcome for relieving your conscience should be their motto. When I visited there were only two options; peach and lychee. Luckily, both flavors sounded good to me. Tiki Ice is a fine conistency that is in between shave ice and a sorbet. The flavor is light without tasting like the leftover ice crystals at the end of the Slurpee. Lychee was the suggestion from the guy behind the counter and he was right on.For three dollars, the small was enough to help me endure the harsh summer heat. Looking for some to take home? Go to Whole Foods to pick up a pint for five or six dollars.
