4	Yes, their burgers are great, but their fries are lacking.  If they went with something like Fat Burger's skinny fries, this would be my one stop burger shop.
5	Good burger. Got the basic cheeseburger, it had two patties not sure if that was an accident. Burger was yummy. I ordered via the website and picked up in 7 minutes. They wait to cook your fries when u get there. Fries were also yummy and fresh. Fries also were a good serving size. I was not able to eat all of my fries ...but I would bet two to three people can feast on. I was surprised by how expensive a burger and fries was but I was satisfied by meal. Five guys is good but only slightly better than In-out. I think that for the price, I would go to  In-bf out over five guys.
4	Great build your own burgers, crazy servings of fries. Always hot and fresh and cooked and topped to your order.
2	Food was good, especially the fries.   Best fries of about any chain.Why the low rating?  Too noisy.   They blast their patrons with mega-loud 80's rock.  I want to relax with my family, not yell at them.   Won't go back.Some corporate genius thought loud music was "high energy experience" I guess.
5	My quick summary:  Great food & more than prepared to work with dietary restrictions.I know a lot of people complain about the noise level, but I happen to like it.  It really kind of goes with the whole experience.The staff was really knowledgeable.  They knew what gluten free meant, and even the cashier knew off the top of her head that they had dedicated fryers, so the fries are also gluten free.  Most places look at me like I have eye growing out of my forehead.  And they'll customize your burger any way you like it.  Did you know they'll grill the jalapenos if you ask them?  I did.  :)The soda machines are, in one word, awesome!  It's a touch screen.  You pick your drink type & it allows you to add flavor shots.  May I recommend the light cherry lemonade?  Great way to start a meal.The burgers were perfect.  I watched the guy behind the line tenderly wrap mine in lettuce, since I can't have a bun.  And he then re-wrapped it after making sure the proper condiments had been put on (the guy in charge of that apparently wasn't sure).  The burger was wrapped so well, it really resembled a bun & I could have picked it up & eaten it with my hands, no problem.The fries were warm, delicious, and plentiful.  They were seasoned perfectly.  My fiance & I shared a small order with our burgers, and there were still some left over.  Should have taken them to work & tortured my coworkers with the smell...  Oh well, there will always be next time.
5	Good tasting food and good service.
4	I LOVE 5 guys burgers and fries! Little (meaning 1 patty) bacon cheeseburger is the way to go! Their bacon is so crispy, just the way I like it! I get "everything" on it. This even includes grilled mushrooms and grilled onions. They carefully place each topping on and fold it in the foil with perfection. The fries are good although not my favorite. I like that the post where their potatoes come from up on the white board each day. One regular size order feeds 3 people!!! Peanuts to munch in while you wait. I love that. They also have those awesome high-tech touch screen soda machines that are sweeping the nation! Lacking that fifth star solely because of the price. For this family of 3, we spend no less than $25 in a single visit.
4	I was introduced to five guys burgers during one of my many trips up to Chandler Blvd. The burgers come in two sizes, a double and a single. All of the toppings are free and the options are plentiful. The soda machines are the new touch screen type with lots of different flavors. The burgers are always juicy and delicious although I could stand for them to be a little bigger. The real reason why I will continue to return are the fries. OMG these are probably the best fries I've had since I had Thrasher's Fries on the boardwalk of Ocean City MD. If you put ketchup on these fries you are missing the point entirely. Vinegar is provided on the condiment table and takes the fries to the next level. As a word of advice, the small order of fries is more than enough for two people. Save your money and share a small order. This brings me to the only real negative...the prices. I am aware that if you want a quality burger you will pay for it, but when my wife and I get a burger each, a small fry to share and two drinks and it comes to 20 dollars, something is wrong. I'm never full when I leave and it seems like I should be after spending 20 bucks for lunch. Definitely worth checking out though if you're a burger/fries fan.
2	This burger joint is overrated as a mother f*cker.Burger:I ordered a bacon cheeseburger all the way. It was top 5 greasiest burgers I've ever eaten. I was worried for my heart after finishing. The flavor was average as was the quality of meat. Honestly, I wouldn't be able to tell between a burger patty from Burger King and Five Guys.Fries:I ordered the Cajun Fries. Saltiest things I've ever eaten. I couldn't finish more than half of them and let the others go to waste.I hear people comparing this place to In-N-Out in SoCal and I just can't see it. I'd rather eat at McDonalds than eat at Five Guys. At least at McDonalds, I don't have a bag and wrapper literally dripping with grease and oil.In-N-Out c*ck slaps Five Guys.
4	I had been hearing so many great things about Five Guys from people where I work.  We finally tried it, and we were not disappointed, but it cost about 35 dollars for a family of four.  Everyone enjoyed the burgers a lot, but they are very messy to eat - I prefer something less messy like a Whataburger or In-N-Out (which are considerably cheaper as well).  I think next time I go I will try their grilled cheese sandwich.  Also, I keep reading rave reviews about the fries.  My all time favorite for fries is still McDonalds (but only when they are fresh and hot).  I thought Five Guys fries were too greasy and soggy - but still very good.
5	Satisfying, delicious, and never disappoints. It's worth the money, best fast burgers around.
5	Mountains of fries, no matter the size.  Seriously, they give you a laughable amount of fries.  Awesome burgers, a top 3 chain cheeseburger hands down.  High quality fresh beef, grilled fresh while you wait.  Get it with everything on it, add bacon.  You're welcome.
3	Burgers are ok. They need better buns.
3	It's mostly a burger joint, similar to Fatburger or Johnny Rockets.  Though they do offer a few other menu choices.The staff was friendly and helpful.I had a burger (regular) and fries.  The regular burger was pretty good sized because they do TWO patties.  I like that.  Makes the price a little more palatable.  Burgers are fried on a griddle.  I really prefer my meats to be cooked over actual fire, but that's not an option here.  I went with it anyway.  It is cooked fresh when you order it, and you can get any combination of toppings you want (or none at all, if you prefer).  The burger was pretty good.  Not great, but pretty good.The fries you can get one of two ways.  Either "plain" with just salt (like just about any other place would do) or with Cajun seasoning.  I opted for the latter, and they were really very tasty.  They post on a white board where their potatoes came from that day.  No way to verify if it's real or not, but it was an interesting thing for them to do.  They really do mound the fries up.  I ended up with more than I expected, which was a good thing!While you wait they have a box of peanuts you can help yourself to.  I grabbed some.  They tasted old.  Not bad.  Just not really fresh.  I've been to other places that do this, and these definitely weren't as fresh as I would expect.This wouldn't be my first choice for a burger, but they're pretty good.  I'd take Johnny Rockets over them because of their fabulous chocolate shake.  But if JR isn't nearby this place will do in a pinch.
4	Five guys offers a basic selection of burgers, sandwiches, and hot dogs, with a plethora of toppings to choose from, free of charge! You can choose between a two patty burger (The regular size), or the "little" one patty size. Fries can either be plain or tasty Cajun style. I went with a "little" bacon cheeseburger. Don't let the moniker fool you- there is nothing little about this burger! It was a sizable portion of beef, with fresh, tasty ingredients. We also split a medium size order of Cajun fries.I went with "all the way" minus mayo, and added jalapeno. "All the way" means basic ingredients you would typically find in your burger, outlined in black on the menu board. Such ingredients include mustard, ketchup, lettuce, pickles, tomato, grilled onion, grilled mushroom, and mayo. The more non-traditional toppings are outlined in red on the menu board, and include jalapeno, relish, and A1 sauce. Service was fast and friendly, and my burger and fries were made in no time.The burger was nicely grilled, and the veggies were fresh and crisp. Even the jalapeno was fresh and thinly sliced. It packed a punch! The bacon was the equivalent of 1 strip on the burger, which was cooked nice and crisp. The grilled onions were a nice addition, but if you order them on your burger don't expect a lot of caramelized flavor on them since they'll taste a little more steamed than grilled.The fries were delicious. The Cajun spice mix dusting them were a good addition. The medium size is a good size if you are sharing with someone.The drink fountain is the cool "create your own" soda machine, with a multitude in diet and regular options. Orange flavored mello yello? Lime ginger ale? Vanilla diet barqs? Yes please!Plus, any place that plays The Ramones in their restaurant is A-OK in my book!
5	Absolutely love this place.  We've been to one in Florida, which was our first experience, and then a few here in the valley.   Fantastic food and the music selection filling the restaurant is great!
4	Love their burgers and fries. Their burgers are huge so we normally get little burgers and regular fries. One time we ordered large fries and it was basically the whole bag so we learned our lesson. This is our local go to burger place. I think it's even better than In N Out.
3	Great burgers and epic fries but their prices are ridiculous!!!30.00 for two adults?? Never againVenezias pizza- 13.95 four slices with topping, cokesFreddys steak burgers 14.00Babbo italian- 2 spag.& meatballs, wine, , coke and endless awesome bread. 25.00 with tip!!Sorry 5 guys...i'm done !
3	I have had Five Guys a few times now at various locations and I have only been moderately impressed. Stopped in here a couple of days ago and it was okay. If I had to choose between In N Out and Five Guys, it would be In N Out hands down. Service was good, cashier was polite and prompt. I ordered a cheeseburger with a little cajun fry. The cajun fry's are good and they do set Five Guys apart from other burger shops but I think if you are a burger shop, you must do both burgers and fry's equally as good.My burger was okay. It was not bad by any means but it was not great. I ordered it with jalapenos and A1 which was different but a good flavor combo. Overall decent experience. I wouldn't count it out completely but I would't go out of my way to go back.
1	This review is a review of the corporate stores such as this one. I love their food but there is one thing that always makes me second guess going to Five Guys and I am sure you know what it is. The music. I am a very patient person but every time I walk into these places I want to walk right out. Don't go here if you are on a date or plan to visit with anybody. You will not be able to hear them without everyone else hearing the conversation. Thank god this one restaurant does have outdoor seating and there is no music. What you'll feel like when you go to these restaurants is that you're having five guys screaming at you the whole meal. Please turn the music down so people can enjoy each other's company and  also enjoy the food. Aside from the very loud music of this restaurant is the fact that when you order the most basic of the meals at this restaurant you will feel like someone picked hour pocket. Don't get me wrong the food is fresh tasting but I can feed a small family with what I have spent eating here and that's just a combo. Five guys you could be so much more!
1	Damn, usually LOVE Five Guys.  Got my cheeseburger to go.  Got back to work and noticed that the bottom bun had obviously been dropped on the floor.  It had several pieces of hair and fuzz all over it!  Flip'n NASTY!  I still give this location 1 star because the Cajun frys are second to none.  It'll be awhile before I visit this location again.
2	Cheese burger and a soda...$10 bucks...YIKES!!!Cheese burger was meh at best.  Wildly over priced and not worth the cost.They have one of those soda machines with a gazillion choices.  That was ok.
3	Food still yummy but wait on web order was ridiculous.  They totally forgot I was there. My burger was cold when I got home which is annoying bc I paid 7.00 for it. My fries were hot but with a soggy burger...not worth it. May need to venture out to smash burger.
4	Not a regular burger eater, but ate at my first Five Guys in Colorado and ate here and had the same experience.  Loved the burger fully loaded, and the fries are so flippin good and more than you could ever eat.  The Chandler place employees were really cheerful and singing as they worked.  You know they're happy.
1	Okay, generally good food and pleasant service overall.Tonight it was not that.  No baskets for the peanuts in either of the boxes.  I asked if they had any and they eventually put some in one of the boxes.Order placed was slow in delivery.  Three orders came in after the order I placed, with minutes in between, and I watched them get called and leave the building well before my order was ready.My order:  one (1) small burger, plain, and one cheeseburger with catsup,  mushrooms, grilled onion, jalapenos and one medium french fry.In case you hadn't heard before,  they are known for their large fry orders.I got home to a small fry and my receipt shows i did pay for the medium size which is supposed to be enough for 2 - 3 people.I also asked for nutrition information at the same time I was placing my order and the person taking my order showed me a card with what comes ON the sandwiches but was unsuccessful finding one so she asked another guy (the manager?!) behind the counter.  While he's scavenging to find one she walks to the other register to help another customer.  Not once does he acknowledge me or say anything to me about never seeing them in the store but he is digging around at the front counter just like she had done.I ask if I can just pay for my order and that It'll be okay if they can put the brochure with my burgers to go.  He completes the payment transaction and then promptly disappears to the back room. So now I've waited for my order I ask again about the nutrition information brochure because there's nothing there.  Guy (manager?!)  once again disappears to scavenge for one, without saying a thing like "ill be right back, i couldnt find one, maybe look online"...,  -nothing.   A girl follows him into the back room after I ask IF they actually have them or am I standing just around waiting for the fries get cold.  She returns a few minutes later to tell me they don't have any.The other questions i asked of the two that were at the counter went in one ear and out the other.  They looked at me as if to acknowledge my question but turned and walked back to pull napkins.  I was surprised to the point of shaking my head and laughing at the situation.FWIW, I picked up son and hubbies food here and got myself a sandwich at Jimmy Johns.  Had much better service there too.Oh yeah Five Guys, way to represent.
