5	FREE ADMISSION means loading the car up with everyone and driving down to downtown Henderson for the Ho'olaule'a Pacific Island Festival. It also means no lines and no real entrances, you can enter/exit any where, and if you want bring in your own food, drinks, fold up chairs, basically anything you wanted. That's awesome.  I always try to make it out to these less main stream festivals.  That's what I'm more use to being from a "country" style island. I think this is probably one of the more enjoyable and family friendly ones. They have hula dancing and various artist and entertainers from across the valley.  It's more of what represents the Pacific Islands community here.  Yes you can probably buy food at the actual vendors' restaurants but if you came here you can hang out, chillax, and converse with random people just wanting a good time.Pure Aloha is good but crowded, entry fee, at a casino, in a parking lot, jammed with unnecessary vendors selling the same stuff, and I did't care for the fair rides and games. Also seeing that after the last Pure Aloha event a few weeks ago there was a bunch of fights. Yea not the best thing.So back to the Ho'olaule'a Pacific Island Festival.  I will definitely be back to support this festival. Keep up the awesome work and thanks for the 20+ years. That's go for 30.
3	On a whim a friend and I decided to check out this festival. I had no expectations.  We arrived and had no issues with parking in the downtown area which was nice.  There wasn't a ton of people here which was nice for us but I'm pretty sure that it wasn't great for the merchants.  I was quite surprised that the festival was split into two areas.  The one area was on another side of the main building and the traffic on this side was very light.  I feel the entertainment on this side felt left out and possibly wondering why they were not put on the main stage.  Although it was much cooler and the seating was nice on this side.We did eat while we were here.  I don't remember the name of the merchant though,  I had a 3 item combo for $8, I had the Pad Thai, pork wontons and the beef skewer.  The Pad Thai was nice and it had the right amount of heat.  The Pork wontons were good and I wished they had come with a sauce.  If it was available I wasn't made aware of it.   The beef skewer was cooked just right.  It had the seasonings of beef jerky.  I also had the shaved ice.  I liked that it was a fundraiser and the school was able to raise some money.  I would've liked to have a had a bit more syrup on the shaved ice but over all it was good. We walked around and looked at the merchants.  It seemed to be a lot of the same type of items so a bit more variety would've been nice. This event was a nice place to hang out with a friend and catch up.  Would I return next year, I'm not sure but probably not.
3	This festival gets smaller every year. I remember when this event was huge, took up 1/2 of Water Street. Food vendors up and down a long aisle. Three stages of live entertainment. It took a good 3 hours to cover the event.  Now it's down to being centered just right on the plaza with just a few vendors. This time I spent less than 45 minutes here since I missed the one and only halau scheduled to dance and the bbq huli chicken people were missing. They were a big draw! Major bummer! The Positives: I found some cute pareos, like I need more. They don't charge admission and have always remained free to get in. It's family friendly and still has the laid back aloha vibe, ukuleles playing, malasadas, shave ice and all.
4	I just saw Melveen Leed perform for an hour & half, it was worth going to the Ho'olaule'a just for her. She is one of  Hawaii's Legendary Entertainers. She put out a great Hawaiian spirited show today for FREE & she returns tomorrow at 12 noon.I don't understand people that put this event down.  It has alot to offer: local grinds, including huli huli chicken, arts n craft stuff, but the best is Melveen Leed. She asked any lady to dance hula to her singing. Really Hawaii Nei and worth going to tomorrow. It's in the shaded venue too.
