3	Home made pasta.  Small menu with a price point from $8 - $12.  For 5 of us on a Saturday evening was $80 including couple wine and a beer.  Food was fine, portions were good size.  When I go out to eat I like to pay for good service.  The theme here is you grab your menu on the way in and you order through a cafeteria-like window.  You get a number, pay for your food and find a table.  There is a tip container on the counter, wait until you are through before tipping.  Our server was just ok, no personality, no smile and very difficult to understand.  Because I paid with a charge card I tipped too early.  Do the tip jar on the way out, I would have put in less.  Good food, poor service.
3	Fresh pasta served about a dozen ways.I quite enjoyed my shrimp linguine. The bread was fresh, tasty and plentiful. Seemed like focaccia but had no toppings. The olive oil was herb-infused and very tasty.I was ever so slightly disappointed with the portion size and quality of the pasta here. It felt nice and soft in that freshly made way, but I just expected more of a fresh flavor. The sauce itself and the shrimp tasted great, with a pronounced garlic flavor and spicy zing in the mouth.Swiped one of my pal Ron's meatballs, it was huge but a little dry.Decor had weird and interesting fork and spoon sculptures all over the place. They were selling nice Deruta ware ceramics.Staff was cute but a little vague on some of the details. Sort of refreshing in retrospect. We got ok recommendations.I would for sure give them another shot, this place was cute and conveniently located. Liked that it was on the bike path and near Willy street.
5	What's better than making RP's fresh pasta at home???Going out and having RP's serve their pasta TO you! The Fork and Spoon is a cute, teeny place to get delicious pasta for CHEAP. Crazy cheap. It's semi self-service as far as ordering and seating, but whatever. It's a casual place to get a great meal. (I also had the BEST apple crisp here. Ever....and I'm an apple crisp whore.)I also like having the store connected, so I can still buy some pasta to throw in the freezer for a later date!
4	I was surprised tonight when I walked into the Fork and Spoon and saw that they are now a "please wait to be seated" joint with menus and the like(with revised prices to match). AND my beverage wasn't served in a jar...I kind of miss that relaxed atmosphere. PLUS, the chairs were pretty uncomfortable. My pasta dish was really good, and a nice portion size. I was very, very bummed to see that the apple crisp is no longer*sob*. I would have tried the tiramisu, but I was stuffed.
