5	I've only been to this shop once the last time I visited Pittsburgh, but I loved it. They have an abundance of seed beads, including size 11 triangles, size 15s, and Toho 1/2 bugles. They carry a lot of semi-precious beads, artist-made beads, and books, and other beading supplies.You might also find some odd treasures. For example, when I was there, they had some very realistic-looking vintage plastic eyes that were originally used on animal replicas. I love them because they're flat on the back, so they can be used as cabochons. I only bought two of them, because they were a little pricey, but now I'm wishing I bought all they had in the case! I'll definitely be back to this shop... :D
4	Very friendly place. Interesting classes offered.Will be going back soon.
3	Nice little bead store.  Prices aren't the best, but when you need something last minute, they aren't awful.  Great selection on odds and ends that you can only find going into a yarn store.
5	Best bead shop in Pittsburgh! This store has a great selection and an always-changing inventory. You can find all of the beading necessities like wire, string and a variety of clasps as well as all types of great items to build up your bead stash.  If you like freshwater pearls, semi-precious beads or Swarovski crystals, this is the place for you! They also carry a wide assortment of seed beads in every color you can think of. In addition to all of the wonderful bead finds, the staff is also friendly and helpful. For the quality of the items they carry, I think the prices are pretty reasonable. Overall, this is a great little store!
5	The owner of this shop loves seed beads as much as I do, and has  Miyukis and Delicas in every color under the sun. She also has the best selection in the area of fresh water pearls, Czech glass beads, semi precious stones and findings. The prices are retail, so yes, you can buy your beads for less on line. However, there are benefits to shopping at an actual store (as opposed to a virtual one)...when I asked if she had chabochons, she brought out tray after tray of them...these I like to look at before I buy, as semi precious stones are all so different, and I've been disappointed when buying unique items on line in the past. They also have classes here and are part of a vibrant beading community, so I think supporting them is important. Very nice store on a stretch of Butler Street in Lawrenceville that is becoming a great shopping and dining destination.
1	I have been to a lot of bead stores and this one is not good.  The prices are way too high and the service is awful. Go spend your money somewhere else.   Do not shop here.
5	The lady working was super nice and the store is laid out very well! I found a bunch of cool beads I can't wait to use :)
