4	El Taco de Chandler exceeded my expectations.  I've driven past it almost every day for a year.  My curiosity finally got to me, so my boyfriend and I went in to try the food.  We waited quite a few minutes (easily 10 to 15) for our order, which is a good sign for fresh preparations.  The joint is hooked up with a juke box, pool table, dining area with tables and chairs, and two benches near the register, for those waiting to take their food home.  There were special desserts in a glass display cabinet, including coconut clusters and sweets I've seen in Mexico.  The assortment of beverages is outstanding, offering both Coke and Pepsi products, juices, CapriSun, horchata, beer, and Sunny Delight!  The menu is about par for Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area, in terms of content and price.  I got a fish taco, which was outstanding!  No cheap tartar sauce here!  I also got a cheese quesadilla, which came garnished with lettuce and tomato slices.  The quesadilla was warm and fresh, on an obviously fresh tortilla filled with tasty cheese.  For the two of us to eat a few a la carte items from the menu, the total came to $11.00.  There are also combination plates available, as well as quite a few soups.  Overall, I was very impressed!  This looks like a fun place to hang out.  The food is definitely worth the wait.  I happened to ask the cashier, and they are open until 10pm on Saturday's.  Muy delicious!
3	A couple of years back my family used to go to this place all the time for a quick bite. It was delicioso - back then.Now I feel as though they KNOW they are making a crapload of money (from word-of-mouth) and the quality and tastiness of their food is lacking severely. Don't get me wrong, it's still good... just not as good as it used to be (or as it could be!). It's a really fun place to go drink some beers, have some carne asada and listen to Juan Luis Garcia :)
4	This place is hands down the best place I ate at during my weekend in the Phoenix area.The outside is a little off-putting.  A small BRIGHT yellow building with heavy bars on the windows... and you walk in to tables covered in bright plastic table cloths, rickety tables and chairs.... but...This is extremely good Mexican food. We were the only white kids in there. I had the camarones de rancheros, which was really good.  I had originally ordered the al a diabla and thankfully the girl working the cash register had me taste the sauce first.  I thought I was going to go numb it was so hot.  The rancheros shrimp were great though, really flavorful with an excellent, spicy sauce.  Good rice too.D and J got carne asada tacos which they thoroughly enjoyed.  Next time I'll get the ceviche which looked amazing served in a gigantic margarita glass.
1	I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about, am I living in some parallel universe? Either this place has gotten progressively worse or some people just wouldn't know good food if it hit them in the ass. This place, while it is a good dive-type place to hang out, is terrible. We went on a Saturday and it was easy to find by its bright yellow paint and beer neon signs. Ordering was pleasant as the service was friendly, ordered some beers and went to go sit down. I really wanted to like this place because the atmosphere is pretty cool with pool tables, televisions and a jukebox. The men that were in the pool section were very loud and so was the music but I figured whatever, I'm not old so it's cool.However, when it gets so that you can't hear the other person across from you because the music and rowdy guys are so loud, then we have a problem. The girl told us she would bring us some chips, and when they came it was so pitiful I had to wonder if this was a leftover basket from another table. There was a ridiculously small amount of chips in the basket and they were cold and almost stale. The salsa was nothing to sneeze at either so I just stopped eating it. When the food came, it looked good but they got my order wrong so I had to send it back. My boyfriend got the carne asada burrito which he said tasted good. The prices are pretty much the same as any Filiberto's or Armando's ect., and so are the food selections. There are pictures of the meals on the wall just like at Armando's but at Armando's you get a big portion as well. The burrito he got was small. I had gotten my burrito enchilada style and when they brought back the right order it was overflowing off the plate with enchilada sauce, I was like, wtf? Don't they think they went a little overboard? The cheese on top was so fake and low-quality tasting. There was a big hunk of celery in the rice, and they put ranch over the lettuce and tomato garnish which is a huge no-no. The beans were the saving grace but the rice was almost flavorless. Just save your time and go to Armando's or Filiberto's, but if you want to just grab some beers then I guess this is the place to do it if your strictly in the neighborhood. I sat there the whole time thinking how much better I could have cooked the same meal if we had just bought the ingredients at the store. Maybe it's time to open that darn restaurant of mine if places like this can exist.
4	Enjoyed the burritos and tacos. Very authentic. Good crowd for 2:00 on a Saturday. They even have a pool table in the adjoining room.
2	I live five minutes away from this place and I always trying out neighborhood joints. The exterior and interior needs major overhaul. the outside is a bright yellow building with bars over the windows. the interior is just so dated with nasty vinyl table tops.The food is okay. I always ordered the bistek ranchero. good sauce, nice meat to pepper ratio, and a little spicy. Tortillas are good. The rice always seems to be overcooked, always split at the ends.I would give this place another shot sometime again. I drive by this place everyday at night. There is never any lights on in the inside indicating that it might be closed. However, there is always a couple of cars in the very dim parking lot with a bunch of guys loitering the lot. Every now and then there is also a blue trailer. There is definitely something shady about this place. Until then, I will give it another shot during the day time when i need a mediocre Mexican food fix.
4	Having moved out to Chandler from Phoenix, I was pretty spoiled on good Mexican food there, so I had to find some places out here. This place is pretty decent. It looks very Mexican with the bright yellow building. You can't miss it. They have a bar area which is usually not in use during the daytime. I've eaten here 3 times so far. the first time I got take out. I always get the number 1, 3 carne asado taco plate. the second time the rice was overcooked and the beans tasted old, but the next time they were good. the tacos are always good, they put some special bbq sauce on the tacos as the owner pointed out to me. I do wish they had self serve fountain drinks, but other than that, as long as I can get some good tacos, I'm cool. Like this place.
4	I have been spoiled to have always had homemade menudo, so I was a bit skeptical to try an actual restaurant! Well, one day I just felt the need! After going to 2 different restaurants that served menudo on the weekends and both of them being out, I found El Taco de Chandler!Even though I was convinced that I actually did cross the border somehow and winded up in Mexico, I actually kind of wanted it that way! BRIGHT building on the outside with people riding their bikes/lurking around the parking lot, but hey!, why not?They serve good old mexican cuisine! Even that grilled whole fish (not sure what it's called, but it's creepy looking and delicious) and of course, my beloved menudo! The seafood selection is pretty big and the girls who work there are really sweet. It's obviously one of those neighborhood hangouts, as they seemed to know everyone who walked in the door by name. The tortillas were clearly homemade and the menudo was fantastic! The best part is that they serve it all week long, not just Saturdays and Sundays. It might look shady from the outside... and inside actually... but trust me, it's good! It's either go to a modern-looking restaurant to get americanized mexican food or go here and get the real thing, your choice.I'd like to go back and try their other entrees, too. They all looked good and what I saw other people ordering smelled/looked delicious. If they could get menudo SO right, I have a feeling that everything else is just as good.Oh, and they serve beer. :)
5	Excellent Mexican food. This spot has been a favorite of mine since I first tried it many years ago. The food is authentic and delicious. I usually order a bowl of menudo and a few carne asada or lengua tacos. The building is bright yellow and located next to a tire shop. It is hard to miss. Tacos De Chandler never disappoints.
4	I REALLY want to give this place 5 stars but due to the service I simply cannot.  But the food was AH-mazing.  Some of the best chicken I've ever had.  Had the chicken burrito combo, and although the rice and beans were just OK, I thought I might cry right into my platter because the chicken burrito was so delicious.  The chicken was so tender and juicy... ohmygawd I am drooling just thinking about it, and I am still overwhelmingly full from the meal.  The burrito also had onions (both white and green) and cilantro (YES PLEASE!) which I'm sure added to the overall deliciousness.  Sadly the service was less than stellar and SUPER slow (and I was the ONLY one in the restaurant so no excuses), but their food (and cheap prices!) will certainly get me coming back.  Nom nom nom.
