4	This little gem is not right off of the Inclines.  It is easy to get to, but rarely found.  I try to make it a point to get above it all and breathe, talk a walk, watch the day pass by, if only for a few minutes.  The view of the "Burgh from here is nice, up close and personal.
4	What a great little park!  The best part of the park by far are the views of the city.  It's right at the end of Bailey Ave. so it's a great place to visit or jog through if you live up in Mount Washington.  There's also a lot of different events in the summer, like outdoor family friendly movie showings and morning yoga.  If you follow the walking path to the end of the park there's a nice size playground as well.
5	Here is another hidden gem and one of the most magnificent views of the city bar none.Located at the sharp turn at Baily Avenue (right, it's nowhere near Grandview Ave) it's one of those places you could totally miss if you didn't know it was there.Lot of activities here, yoga classes, movies in the park, and more. Lots of benches for relaxing Seems to be a park a lot of people bring their dogs for walkingThe view of downtown, it's buildings, the rivers, and even Oakland is one of the best in town. Parking can be hard, as it's street parking. Best to walk to the park if you live on Mt Washington.
4	fantastic view of downtown you gotta see!  driving up here is  a royal pain, as is driving a lot of places in hilly pittsburgh. you need to find on street parking nearby which seems to be a bit tricky.. run or ride your bike up here and avoid driving and parking hastles!
5	Wow! On my way to Mount Washington I unexpectedly noticed Grandview Park and decided to stop. I'm glad I did! It provides some of the best views of Pittsburgh's skyline. It's not entirely easy to spot -- it's set in a neighborhood, really. Just park on the street somewhere.Also, I noticed there were some hiking trails down the hill. I don't know how far they lead, as I had to get going. Otherwise, the park is not entirely big. I think I spent an hour there. Just something to note.
4	Can you believe I've lived no more than 10 minutes from here for nearly 24 years and only visited here yesterday?! I don't know what I waited for! I'm somebody who loves nature and am always trying to find out new spots to visit and this didn't leave me disappointed. At the beginning of Grandview Park, there are some benches, a nice overlook to see the city and a monument in which I'm guessing they use to show movies on for their Cinema-in-the-Park during summertime. The view is awesome! You can see South Side, the city and Oakland. It's cool how different spots in Mt. Washington allow you to enjoy the beautiful view in different ways. However, there were a lot of trees so we couldn't see everything, but still great nonetheless. I also noticed a trail that went down into the woods. Not sure where that leads but it looked pretty interesting! Once you get past the opening, there is a trail that leads to the end of the park where you'll find a park in Allentown neighborhood of the city. The trail is nothing special (or even that big), but it's nice to escape the hustle of the city for 20 minutes or so and be surrounded by green.
5	There is more to Grandview Park than the three concrete and asphalt paths or the concrete hut that overlooks downtown. There is so much history in the old trails that zig zag their way up and down the sides of the mountain. If you haven't taken the time to get off the beaten path, now is the time. Where else can you see nature in all its glory in the middle of an old urban center?
