4	Note: This review is from a "take-out" perspectiveShanghai Club is a little Asian place in the middle of nowhere (the locals call it Anthem) but it is worth the drive.  Also I like the name because it makes me feel like I'm part of the club, I've always wanted to fit in.  I have gotten take out twice now, sampled a variety of dishes, and have made up my mind.I like the Shanghai Club.The food preparation is very fast.  I call them, place my order, and then drive right over and pick it up.  All in all about 10-15min process.  The lunch specials are cheap and tasty.  The price ranges from $6.50 to $7.50 and you get a good amount of food and rice.  You can order from the lunch menu every day till 3pm.The chicken is a lot like the NHL, all white.  Unlike the NHL though it's warm and doesn't bore me.  I would also promote the Sha Cha Beef if that is more of your thing.  They say it's spicy, but I personally tasted only a very mild kick.  Oh and their soups are huge.  The wonton soup was a meal in of itself.
3	Good take out. Limited wine selection. Decent Chinese for Anthem. Then again there isn't much to choose from.  Very friendly people and my food is almost always correct for take out.
3	There are not many good places to eat in Anthem, but the Shanghai Club is pretty good.  They are tucked away in a small strip center across the street from the Anthem park in the center of town. They are a small restaurant and can be very busy at times. I notice a lot of people order take out!  They are too pricey compared to similar restaurants in Phoenix at $15 -$25 per person.  They are almost competing with PF Chang's prices but they are not PF Chang's.Their menu selections are traditional American Chinese. They offer a good selection of Chow Mein and Lo Mein noodle dishes, sea food, pork chicken, beef and vegatarian dishes.  Some of their dishes can be order spicy and/or without sauce.  They also offer steamed dishes served with sauces on the side for the healthy conscious. We had their egg drop and hot and sour soup.  Their Hot and Sour soup was very good and it came with shrimp in it.  The white meat chicken with vegtables was very good. The garlic sauce was excellent and it made this dish delicious.  The General's Chicken was good but not as spicy as in most places.  The Beef with Broccoli is not something I ordered but got to taste it and found it very good as well.  I am planning to order their Shrimp and Scallop in Garlic Sauce next time we go there! If your in this area and wanting American Chinese food, this is a good place to go.  Split a dinner with a friend and you'll feel like you got a bargain!
5	Lunch specials rock!  By far the best Asian food in the area!
1	Not really customer service oriented.  I called up to get ginger added to my Broccoli Beef take-out order which I was placing and they said they will not do that even if I paid more for the ginger.  I decided not to eat there and refuse to do so now.  I recently was in the area and still can't go back in after the initial bad taste in my mouth of bad service.
4	Ok so let me start off by saying that my very first job, 15 years ago, was as a hostess for the owners when they owned Royal China in North Scottsdale. Such a trip to be taking my kids to their restaurant in Anthem now! I remember going to Royal China when we had just moved here from CA (before I started working there) and it was the only place in AZ (then) with good Chinese. And, in my opinion, they are still doing it right! Its not cheap (for dinner), but I think it's worth paying a little but more because you really do get a lot of food, and I've never had anything I didn't like. My favorite things are the crab puffs and the won ton soup. The won ton soup is soooo good, tons of veggies and (pork) won tons, and they give you so much. That's all I need to get for dinner, and I'm good to go! Oh, and I love their pot stickers. Best pot sticker sauce ever. I hate when places give you soy sauce! That's not what I want for my pot stickers!! My husband loves the beef with broccoli, my son loves the orange chicken. The chicken fried rice is also yummy, also a big portion with lots of chicken. I think they pretty much only use white meat, my favorite. Everything seems to be fresh and good quality.We usually get take out, for dinner, but if you go for lunch, the prices are good, and you get soup and I think a crab puff. So, if you're looking for a good deal, definitely go for lunch. No matter what, you will leave full. Service is usually pretty good, too. The restaurant is nice, as well, its not cheesy or tacky.
3	The food here is pretty good.  We had the steamed dumplings appetizer, an order of the Thai Curry and an order of Mu Shu Pork.  The Pork was the clear winner here.  Service wasn't great and it wasn't terrible.  Everyone was very friendly and accommodating but we felt really rushed and had to flag people down for water, forks, etc.  Ever since my husband and I traveled to China last year we've been searching for a restaurant in Phoenix that serves honest-to-goodness-Shanghai-style Xiaolongbao steamed dumplings (bamboo steamer, yummy soupy-pork filling, etc), but alas, the search continues....these are the standard issue half-moon shaped pot stickers filled with chicken.  Damn you, American palates!  They were just okay.  If I ordered them again I'd definitely go with the pan-fried option for a little texture.  Nice modern interior.  If you're in the area, definitely check it out.... I just don't know if I'd drive out of my way for it.
4	Great little restaurant just off of Anthem Way.  This is a sit down... not a buffet... and the food is delicious.  Fresh crispy vegetables and well seasoned meat dishes and great sauces.  I haven't had anything I have disliked yet.  You can also order the spicy entrees as hot or mild as you like.  The owners of the Shanghai Club obviously care about their customers and are dedicated to making your experience as pleasant as possible.  The prices are higher than the average buffet but the food is far superior to anything else I have found in the North Valley.  The restaurant is small but the decor is pleasant and clean and the service is very good.  I highly recommend this one.
1	This place has TERRIBLE customer service. I had been there the week before and received an incorrect order. I decided to try again and when I asked for brown rice the 50 something chinese woman was extremely rude. Nonetheless, through our conversation I was eventually confident I would receive what I wanted. But, why argue with me and have an attitude? If you have it fine. If you don't, just say so. It was such labored communication and she had a crappy attitude. I felt like I was burdening her and practically had to force her to double check with the kitchen to make sure they had it. After driving 20 minutes home I discovered white rice. (My error for not checking as I thought I'd made it abudantly clear!) They were already closed so I couldn't call. I was in the area a couple days later and decided to drop in. I brought my receipt back and expained what had happened only to find the woman I originally dealt with and another employee arguing with me whether I in fact received the wrong rice and secondly practically calling me a liar because I hadn't called them. Eventually, their resolution was they are unable to authorize a free meal and I'd have to call the owner... I couldn't care less about a free meal and they couldn't care less about treating a 7 year customer with any consideration. EVERY restaurant makes mistakes. It's not a big deal and I am a very reasonable customer. What is a big deal is when they refuse to remedy the situation properly and show a little kindness and concern. I will not be returning.
5	Best Chinese food in the Northwest Valley.
1	This was the second time that I have been here, the first we dined in and didn't think too much of the food, I wasn't feeling too well so I didn't enjoy the meal as I thought I would.I ordered take out the other night.  I ordered the General Chicken which I thought was deep fried according to their menu, but it turned out that it seemed to be shallow or pan fried, the batter was coming away from the chicken.  The sauce was ok, it wasn't the normal sweet chilli sauce that I am used to back in NC, but it was edible.  The other dish I ordered was new to the menu, the Cantonese style noodles with shrimp and chicken.  I asked the girl behind the counter if they were like Singapore Noodles and she said yes.  I ordered it but when I got it home, I had a take out container filled with crispy noodles, ($11.50) there was a jar of what looked like soup, I didnt know if the two were meant to go together but it wasn't very nice.  All in all, very dissappointed and will not be trying this a third time, I'm shocked as the place seemed pretty busy when I was there to pick up.  Splash out and go to PF Changs at Happy Valley.
4	Just moved to the north valley and was looking for a good chinese takeout spot.  A friend recommended I give Shanghai Club a try.  I ordered the Steak Filet and Prawns, appetizer sampler, and chicken fried rice.  Everything was amazing and yummy!  I have not one complaint and will definately be my first choice for chinese when I'm in the mood.
2	Just like the other reviewers have mentioned, while the food is pretty good, the service and flexibility is non-existent.I ordered the shrimp and scallop garlic sauce. I don't really like rice and prefer Lo Mein noodles. When I asked for a substitution, I thought the server had seen a ghost. She quickly said. No...they can't do that. I asked not even with an upcharge? No. can't do it.Wow. I was stunned. I probably should have just left but I took the dish as is. Their motto should be "You get what you get but you don't pitch a fit." Really? A minor substitution like that? The place was fairly empty and it reminded me that again, I need to read Yelp before I go.Two stars for the food quality.
4	Pretty good Chinese food! Great lunch specials, the food is fresh! Loved the egg drop soup- they deliver it with spicey mustard & a chili sauce if you want to spice things up. I ordered the black peppered beef stir-fry, it was simple and delicious. The ambiance is nice, very clean dining room, bathrooms are very clean and waitstaff was great.  I'd definitely go back.
4	Great local place that we eat at regularly (usually take-out). Most of the restaurants in Anthem suck but this one stands out and has been a staple for us for the last 8+ years we have lived here.First of all let me say that their house mustard rocks. If taking out, don't settle for packets but ask for house mustard. Your eyes will pop out.Hot and Sour soup is good; fantastic Moo Shu and love the Triad in One (beef, chicken and jumbo prawns). Also if you are a drinker, the Volcano will knock your socks off. Make sure you have a DD. ;-)
4	My friends and I enjoyed different meals: chicken and asparagus, chicken and macadamia nuts, a beef dish and I had chicken with yellow Thai curry and all of us having brown rice. Every meal was huge and excellent. Egg rolls were enjoyed by my friends too along with a beer. Service was prompt and accommodating. Pretty good Chinese food!
4	Big portions and quality. I would not get battered to go cause it gets soggy fast. But is really good.
4	Great value and really well made Chinese food, from a local place in Anthem.  Any dishes I order here are excellent and provide for plenty of leftovers!  Try their BBQ ribs, which are listed as an appetizer but as far as I'm concerned could be an entree, the serving size is that big.
4	Wonderful place for a delicious dinner.
4	Shanghai Club has a nice vibe, a pleasant crowd and relatively healthy Chinese food.  We had Thai chicken curry and chicken Moo Schu.  Both dishes came with brown rice.  Both were laden with veggies.  They were freshly prepared, hot, and delicious.   With beer, the per tax total was $32.00.  I can't wait to go back and try more food.
2	Waited forever. Ended up leaving to get food sooner. They should not tell people the wait will be 20 minutes when it is over an hour.
4	I am back and once again I was not disappointed. Our party of 5 fortunately had reservations for the Friday dinner time. Everyone except me who was hungriest left with food from the meal. I had the Thai chicken curry at a two level of heat and it was perfect along with a Singha beer. Others ate mixed vegetable and various delicious meals with a bit more heat. Service was excellent, food out shortly after we received our drinks. Jasmine tea was a bit weak with small amount of tea in the pot ... Only complaint I heard during the meal. I have to keep this place on my list of places to stop just off Interstate 17 in Anthem, Arizona, north of Phoenix -- good to know if coming back to Phoenix from the Grand Canyon.
4	Went here with family for dinner, and I was very pleased with the food.  Everything I tried was great!
5	My favorite Chinese spot in the North Valley. Great food, fast service. The Hot and Sour soup is the best I've had. I go back again and again and it doesn't disappoint. They do substitutions, by the way, with no hassle. Never a problem.
5	we love the food here.. and the service is always great!   They have even a full bar!   We love just about everything on the menu - from the Sizzling Rice soup to the crab puffs to the entrees like Pork Egg Fu young and the shrimp dishes and the lo mein... etc... they are all good!   You can even order them hot if you prefer spicy!  To go or eat in - they are all good!
4	Been there several times in the last month. The food is consistently good, the service excellent and the staff engaging. Nice atmosphere as well as a quick carry out.
3	Their food is quite good.Just hope that your order is correct. If not, then your experience will be unpleasant. These mistakes are just that, accidents, but the service I received after I requested the dish I ordered was surprising and disappointing. They also overcharged me for their mistake for food I didn't even eat (a few $ more, which I corrected and received attitude for my request of the correct price).This is the only Chinese restaurant that I know of in town, so I will probably continue to patronize it. However, if am simply in the mood for Asian cuisine, I will take my business to Dara Thai.
3	Considering the location, it's not too bad. Not the best Chinese food I've ever had but not horrible. It's somewhere in between Panda Express and real authentic Chinese food.
4	I'm not a fan of Asian cuisine, but my mother and brother love the food and I will actually eat it as well (this is outside my normal food bubble of meat and potatoes). Service is quick and straight to the point, no fluffy stuff here! I enjoy the proper military type service that is always around and structured any day over some annoying bubbly waiter or waitress trying to get you to smile all the time and annoy you when you're eating.
3	Food was good. I'd go back to try other items on the menu. Had the Thai chicken curry and cashew chicken. The highlight of the meal were the crab puffs, they were delicious, but I do love the sweet and sour sauce in general.  The chicken curry was good, but it was missing something. It needed a little more of a kick. The cashew chicken was yummy, had good flavor. Had take out so I can't speak to the service, inside was busy, nice ambiance.
4	I love their food. Whenever I have friends or family over for a visit I take them to Shanghai Club. All of my experiences dining in has been great. I prefer to carry out and my only complaint about calling in my order is the accent of either myself or the person taking my order causes a lot of repeating. I wish I could share a recording, you have an Asian accent one end and somewhat of a southern "Swamp People" accent on the other end (that's me). Dining in I can just point at the menu item. I will say after making over 50 carry out orders over the years with them I never had a screwed up order. The food is great, my fav is the Triad in One. The food has always been consistent, fast and delicious.
5	I drive from Scottsdale to eat here. Best bque ribs, macadamia nut chicken, sweet and sour pork. Good service, friendly servers. Ask for Yen. Located  in Anthem, it is well worth the drive. Best won ton soup I have ever had. Full bar, nice atmosphere.
2	I want to like the food at Shanghai, I really do, but I just don't.  The lettuce wraps are good if you load them up with sauce, but their other entrees are just okay. Hardly any veggies in their entrees. Tonight the Terriyaki chicken was dry & overcooked, the Honey Chicken was mushy, not crunchy on the  outside (it is fried). They have driven me to cook my own Chinese food.  I'm just from cities that had great Chinese restaurants. Hopefully they will change some of their recipes.
3	I like the pan fried dumplings and the hot and sour soup. The entree plates are huge and made to share. Staff is friendly and the drinks are good.
5	Xlnt service! It was my first visit. Thoroughly enjoyed the perfect savory flavors of the spicy Shanghai chicken over brown rice. Looking forward to my return visits to try other dishes. Bon appetito and thank you!
5	New to the area and have dined here 4 times in the past 1+ wks. Good and consistent service. Xlnt food! Good prices. Fantastic savory flavors in the dishes we've tried so far. Generous portions. Love their Shanghai Spicy Chicken, Chow Fun with chicken, beef and shrimp. Even their brown rice is good. Gotta go back to try more dishes!
5	This is our favorite Chinese restaurant in the area! The service is always consistent and our favorite waitress - Becky - always makes time to spend with each of her guests. The food is great - Very tasty & made to order - with substitutions allowed! We had the Shanghai Spicy Chicken, Beef Egg Foo Young and pork fried rice. Started with pot stickers that are fresh, home made and come with a freshly made house chili paste that is to die for **sniffle sniffle** SPICY! They do have a full bar - but we don't drink... Good home made iced tea though! There is rarely a wait for a table... The restrooms are spotless and the dining room is never messy - never uncleared tables or spills. If something isn't right - they fix it - and by that - all I mean is that I ordered extra spicy - and I think the Chef was afraid it would be too hot - so I had him add more sliced hot peppers. For me - the hotter the better. Overall this was the perfect dining experience for us!
1	Used to be great place. Food is horrible now. Doesn't feel fresh and soup had a smell. Chicken and beef cold inside and all saggy.
2	Horrible service. 1 server doing everything, including hostess. Food mediocre. Definitely not worth a second try.
5	Chicka the China, the Chinese CHICKEN! We called up to get some late-ish night take out from Shanghai Club and it turned out to surprise me with delicious, comforting flavors!My call was promptly answered by a kind and helpful gal who correctly took our order and informed us ot would be ready in 10-15 min.My cousin had eaten from here before and recommended the Crab Puffs, convinced me that they were decent size, with decent filling, and she was correct! We got an order as an appetizer to share among 3 people,  and we got 8 puffs and 1 side of sweet and sour sauce for approximately 6 dollars, I believe. Cooked perfectly and were satisfying.Then, my cousin & I shared an order of the classic Sweet and Sour Chicken, which was pretty good! The breading wasn't disgustingly thick, and it came with ample amounts of yummy sauce, and chunks of pineapple, onions, peppers, and carrots.  We decided to just keep the white rice white as it comes with it, and was a nice accompiament (99.9% of the time I upgrade it to Fried Rice).Our other item we ordered was the Sesame Chicken meal with white rice, and it was perfectly executed! Delish! Perfect amounts of sauce, temperature was just right, and the spices were perfect for the dish.  In addition to our order, we got a side of Chicken Fried Rice to all share,  and we were pleasantly surprised when we discovered large chunks of chicken fried up with the rice, instead of the usual sparse, tiny chunks here and there that you typically receive from other places.  It was perfect and delicious! It has been a very long time since I have had Chinese take-out, I felt as though I should be sitting in a living room with the likes of Penny and Sheldon on BBT or something,  because ever since my husband and I started educating ourselves on what clean foods to put into our bodies, we stopped with Chinese take out.  We would sometimes order freshly prepared "cleaner" Asian food in Chicagoland by going to "Big Bowl" but they have been slacking and nasty the past several months, so it has been quite a long time since I have had any take out food like this, and it was all quite delicious! I was surprised! Thanks Shanghai Club!
5	We absolutely love Shanghai Club. When we moved in to Anthem in 2005 we discovered this gem of a chinese restaurant. I love the Chow Fun or the Chow Mein with crispy noodles. They are always prompt when we order take out and quick service when we dine in. I'm sure we will continue to go there for years to come.
4	Decided to give this place a shot after we got sick of the two other places in Anthem that are semi good. We went early, around 5:30 and it wasn't too crowded. But soon after we ordered it filled up and so did takeouts. Had the spring rolls which were the size of burritos and so good. A bit of mint really made the difference. The sesame chicken and low mien were great. Entries are big enough to share and served family style. Thought get two if you are very hungry or want leftovers. Food did not taste like typical Chinese and I didn't feel like crap an hr later. Service was a little odd, sounded like they were working some kinks out. But overall worth going back. I only wish their kids drink options were a little better. No milk (ran out).  But not the end of the world. Worth going to!!
3	Soooo the food is lovely, but let's talk about how bad the service is. Much like other restaurants I'll never go to again, the food is not worth how long It takes. Our entire party got their food except for one person and 20 minutes later when everyone was done they decided to bring out the food. If you don't mind waiting five years for your food it's good.
4	One of THE best Chinese restaurants around. Each time I order from here, they never disappoint.  We've got quite a "gem" here in Anthem with this establishment.
5	Teriyaki Chicken dinner is enough for 2 people and is very tasty!  The Orange chicken is also a fav.  We like to eat at the bar, because the "Black Galaxy Granite" is so beautiful!  We eat there at least once a month.  The service is fast also!
5	Ate at the Shanghai Scottsdale location regularly until they closed. This is the only location still open. Honestly, this past Saturday when we discussed where to go for something good, Shanghai came up. My husband has not been to this restaurant and we decided to take the plunge and drive the 30 miles, We were not disappointed. Yen who waited on us for years was there and remembered us. The Macadamia Nut Chicken was so good, lots of veggies and a delicious almost creamy garlic sauce. Tons of Macadamia nuts. The barbecue ribs were loaded with a sweet tangy sauce and the mongolian beef was out of this world. I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant, I love a good family run place and this is it.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Anthem and probably my one of my favorite Chinese restaurants of all time. My husband and I get take out from here at least once a week. Their crab puffs are amazing, along with their egg rolls. I typically order their sizzling rice soup. Its filling and very light for Chinese food. My husband orders either the cashew chicken or mongolian beef. Both are to die for. The mongolian beef is my favorite here as its not super sweet like say a PF Changs and the veggies are delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant and they always get our to go orders right as well.
4	"First rule of Shanghai Club: Don't Talk About Shanghai Club!"As you can see, I like their name - it sounds like someplace dangerous and exciting. Like if people ask me what Shanghai Club is, I can tell them I'm not allowed to talk about it. And they won't pursue the matter either, because as far as they know, I might dragon kick them in the throat while throwing ninja stars or something. Of course for Anthem residents, they'll probably just ask me how my meal was. And I'd respond with something like "Very good. I really like their Chicken Fried Rice and the Orange chicken was very tasty as well. The service was great, and the ambiance inside is nice as well. I also love their pork lo mein."Yep, that is probably what I'd say.
5	I'm starting to see really good foods and restaurants in the outskirts of my city - for example - this amazing Chinese place in anthem! Great ambience with quick efficient service! The food options for vegetarians was plenty. Mistakenly I ordered the veggie chow mein thinking the noodles would be crispy but rather it came with crispy chips on top of a bed of watery vegetables. So I asked for a replacement with lo mein. They were kind enough to replace it and not charge me for it.The noodles was so tasty and deliciously satisfying! Best Chinese place everywhere!
3	When i started going here 10 years ago, the food was great.  Now, i dont know if the chef has changed, or what, but it just isnt what it used to be.  I still love their Cantonese style fried noodles - it's just like the chinese noodles i used to get in Japan.  The mu shu is missing key ingredients like black mushroom (i really dont know what it is but typically it's in this dish at other chinese places). Shanghai Spicy Chicken is good.  But again, it depends on which chef is cooking it, i think.  The taste is inconsistent.  Also, they should really shampoo their carpet.....
3	This place is hit or miss. The service is usually subpar. Food as mentioned above is different each time. The chicken fried rice is either oily or dry. The orange chicken is very chewy which I do not enjoy. Prices are average I'd say. Overall not bad, but certainly not the best place for Chinese food in North Phoenix
5	We have become regulars here, and the food is always consistently good. Really, our favorite Chinese place regardless of location.
4	Best Chinese spot.  Great lunch deals, awesome takeout.  You gotta try it.
4	This place has pretty good Chinese food (especially for Anthem, too). What I love about this place, is you rarely have to wait for a table. If you do, the wait time is fairly short. Their lunch specials are definitely worth it and are what keep me coming back. My favorite item on the menu is their Walnut Shrimp (once you eat theirs, you can never look at Panda Express' Honey Walnut Shrimp again). The food comes out pretty fast, but it is hard to get a hold of your server in general. They seem to only be there to take your order, deliver your food, and take your payment. I guess it depends who your server is, but we rarely get checked on and when we ask for something, it takes awhile to get it. Still, the service is decent. I prefer this Asian restaurant versus others in Anthem (ahem Dara Thai--yes I know Chinese and Thai food are different--and Hong Kong Asian Cuisine).
