3	Conveniently located on the corner of Park Road and Woodlawn, Mann Travel is a great sounding board if you want to book a vacation. The travel agents are helpful and take into consideration what you're looking for (rest, adventure, romance, etc) before making recommendations on places that they've been or heard good things about recently. I've used them for three vacations - two of which I knew where I wanted to stay and they found cheaper prices and one that was a bit of a bummer, truth-be-told. Let's focus on the one where they made the recommendation, as the others were just a straight price look-up (they did get us better prices, so that was a nice perk). My boyfriend and I decided to go on vacation around the holidays three years ago. We wanted an all-inclusive with great food and alcohol, no kids allowed, five star resort somewhere warm. We weren't particular on where that was, as long as we could sit on the beach with a bevvie and enjoy some sun and relaxation. Our agent very highly recommended Dreams Resort in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. It looked gorgeous online so we decided to check it out. The resort was pretty, and our swim-up suite became a standard that we now want everywhere we vacation, but the beach was completely rocky (you couldn't even get into the water without cutting up your feet) and the bar had top shelf liquor, but not any that we really drink. The food and spa services were also very mediocre.  All-in-all, I would use Mann Travel if you don't have any particular place in mind or want to ensure you're getting the best price. Do a little research online and with friends first so you have some idea of the type of place and price range, then go to Mann Travel for some peace of mind and final trip planning.
5	We set up a "HoneyMoon" fund with Mann Travel and the experience has been great.  Not only was it convenient to set up this fund as my finance and I have been living together for several years, the trip itself is sure to be amazing.  Carol LaCroix has been instrumental through the entire process and I'm not sure things would have gone so smoothly if it wasn't for her amazing attentiveness to detail.  She really has been professional and made the whole process painless.  We will definitely be back to Mann Travel when future vacation opportunities arise.
1	I went in there not once, but TWICE in the last three months, looking for help with my trip to Europe in October.  Both times they took my number, asked what I was looking for, and then said they would call me, that they were "working on trips that were coming sooner."  It's now July, I booked everything myself, they suck.
