5	We love this place. My 2.5 year old daughter keeps asking to go back. It's really clean, and there are lots of fun activities for younger children. Some days it's pretty slow which we actually like because there's let's chaos and more room for the kids to enjoy each activity. Big bouncy castle, slides and climbing, kitchens, puzzles, buggies, etc. the best part is it's 4.95 for the entire day! There's also free wifi and a cafe with coffee. Awesome.
5	I've gone with my 4 year old and 2 year old for play time and we've also been guests at a birthday party here.Play time: The discovery play area has a large climbing structure (think chick-fil-a or McDonalds on steroids, but it's clean), a bounce house, an arcade style basketball game, a sports area (soccer net & a couple balls), a preschool play area (play house, kitchen, blocks, etc.), a baby/toddler toys section, and a video game. This whole area is one large space, completely contained, and visible through glass windows from the cafe. It's very easy to watch more than one kid here. My little one can be playing in the toddler area and I can still see my older one in the bounce house or climber. I love that play is all day for one price. The food in the cafe was pretty good, had healthy options, and was reasonably priced for lunch. The food did take awhile, so I'd order before you're ready for food while your kids are still happily playing.Birthday party: The party had playtime, a craft, food, and cake. There's a party coordinator assigned to your party, so the grownups can take it easy. The party room is decorated with a theme of your choice, and it's done very cute. The party room was a little cramped, but that was my only criticism. It's nice to go to a birthday party where the food isn't always pizza. I love that they do everything from food to cake to goody bags. And the goody bags had a pass to come back for play another day. Nice goody bag gift & good marketing. :)
5	Just came here for the first time this morning after months and months of driving by it wondering what it was like. My son is almost 2 and had a blast. We got there at 10am and it was perfect - a good bunch of kids to play with but not overcrowded like other kid friendly places. The woman at the front (maybe the owner) was super nice and helpful, introduced all the different things there and made us feel very welcome. Best thing - it's only $5!! Can't get better than that. Inside there was a TON to play with for all ages - the big things are the big bounce house, the climbing gym thing and a big plane teeter totter. But they had lots of stuff for the little ones like play stoves, balls, cars and trains, puzzles, books, the list goes on and on. Definitely something for everyone. AND all the toys were very clean and new looking, which was comforting. A lot of the parents hang out in there with the kids or talk with each other. They have a little cafe which we didn't try, but the woman did offer me a cappuccino when i got there which was really cool. They also do lots of themed events each weekend which makes it fun to keep coming back. I already am planning on coming back tomorrow with a few friends!
2	FYI, they changed their policy and adults MUST also wear socks, no signs or anything to this affect, policy change without warning.  Fun place for kids though!
5	I love this place.  What a great idea.  My daughter had such a good time at story telling.  Next week she will attend a tumbling ad music class.  Defiantly worth the money.  The food is very fresh too!
5	This is an amazing place. All four of our kids really enjoy coming here. The staff are all great with the kids and definitely friendly. Service and staff are terrific. The staff definitely cares about their customers and appearance.Environment is extremely clean and would without a doubt recommend to anyone looking fur indoor fun for kids :-)
5	This is a PERFECT place for the little ones during summer! When it feels like your children will burst into flames if they step outside, finding a place to take them and allow mom and dad time to relax can be difficult. We have been coming here for a few months and both of my children LOVE it here! The price you pay is for come and go, so you can come early, leave for nap time, and come back. They have a jungle gym, bouncy house, and tons of games and toys for the kids. They even bring in superheroes and Disney princesses to entertain the kids and do story times. Make sure you bring socks for you and the kids. My only complaint is that I am surrounded by moms. Where are the dads??
5	I took my brother to connect 5 on the last super hero day. While he was playing with the hero's, I was enjoying the cafe.  The food was really good. I had some work to do as well so the free WiFi was a huge PLUS!!
5	Great kids place! Professional staff and the food is great too!!! Been here several times and will be back again.
2	I only gave this place 2 stars because it is super fun for little kids.. The play area is also nice and clean. The manager (owner?) who is usually at the front desk is a super rude and cranky woman. Try to stand between her and your children, because if she talks to them directly (and she will if she makes eye contact with them) there is a pretty good chance she will make your child cry. We also have attended a birthday party here. The food was TERRIBLE. Yes, all capital letters T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E. My friend who was the party host was also disappointed with how bad the food was (and all the other guests, not just myself). Some of the kids were crying because they didn't want to eat the sandwiches. You are not allowed to bring any food in yourself, not even cake because of food allergies. I would not have a complaint on the policy if the food was considered edible for human consumption. To sum things up:My kids love the play area (after they are finished crying from cranky pants at the front desk). Don't have your party here, or buy the food.
5	This place is wonderful.  I attended a birthday party this weekend and it was so professionally done.  The staff  was extremely organized and friendly. The food for the parents was like no other place. Amazing!  Going to have my daughter's party at Connect5
5	Birthday parties here could not be easier!   From calling for info, to planning the party, to the actual event, everyone I spoke with was informed, gave accurate info, and was very helpful.  My 4 year old's Frozen-themed party went off without a hitch.  The party organizer was flexible and worked out a great schedule that fit exactly what the group wanted.  And the chicken/rice lunch was so popular some children had 3rds!  Would recommend parties here to anyone with young children.
