5	The Paper Studio is a store, a gallery, and a classroom. They carry lots of craft, bookbinding, and scrapbooking supplies, as well as stationary and some amazingly beautiful paper. They have a small gallery where they show handmade books and other paper crafts by local & national artists. They also hold a regular schedule of classes: bookbinding, paper making, letterpress classes and more. Check out their website for a schedule. The staff is super friendly and nice, the classes are fun, and it's always a pleasure to shop there.
5	i had no idea what to expect from a paper studio, especially not being very "arty." but that's why this place is so rad... they have lists and lists of classes, everything from book binding, collage making - really cool collages, not like magazine cut outs of words like "lucious" and "kinky" rubber cemented to a board. so they SHOW you what you can do with all this stuff.they even have a book art gallery- seriously, how cool is that? a national, rotating collection from artists that will blow your mind with thier definition of "book art."now on the retail stuff - piles and piles of really cool prints. they have tons of supplies and pieces laying all over the place to inspire you once you find a print or color you like. even something like making your own invitations becomes way cooler, cause you're not limited to what the stay at home mom or martha stewart types tastes' the way it is at micheal's or joann's.you know those poster-sized framed wall art pieces at urban outfitters for liek $50? well, you can buy the same size cut out of the kind of patterns for about $1.50, frame it yourself and hang it up and ta-da, your walls have art and you spent like $10, maybe? sa-weet.if you're really dedicated, you can even print your own stuff on their old school printers - like the kind you hand crank. you can make your own, say, wedding invites from start to finish - including making the paper from scratch and hand lettering and printing.plus, the owners are very, very cool. husband and wife small biz owners who are making a living doing what they love! you can't go wrong supporting that.
1	After reading the great Yelp reviews on this place, I was excited to go check it out and get supplies for a collage project I have in mind.  I was immediately impressed with the variety and volume of paper, and I really liked that they have grouped it by color family. It's almost overwhelming, all the beautiful paper they have there. So why the one star? Well, I don't look like a hobo, but for some reason, I was never greeted or offered help once they finished with customers there before us. Yet several older women who looked like,  um, seasoned shoppers, came in after I did and were cheerfully greeted and assisted. Honestly this wouldn't have been a big deal, but the paper is arranged in layers on rods and I couldn't figure out how to remove it without messing up the other paper. Eventually I got tired of being ignored and left....on the way out, the man working there glanced my way and didn't say anything at all. I was sad because I had no paper and felt unwelcome in their shop.
4	I can go in this store anytime and occupy myself for at least an hour. They have a huge selection of papers, paper accesories and tools. But I am a graphic designer with a love for paper.I would have liked to give five stars, but I went to one of the classes they offer and it was way too simplistic, not very long and we didn't make anything fun/cool to bring home. Maybe I should try one of the more advanced classes, but they are kinda expensive. Bummer about them being robbed.
5	How did I not know this is right across the street from my house??I woudn't describe myself as a crafter or DIYer, but man this place has all kinds of fancy papers, from traditional to fun and contemporary! I bought these vintage anatomical papers that I plan to make posters from. The best part is that they were only $3.50!They even sell Japanese Copic markers, take that Az art supply!
5	HOORAY, THey'Re Back!  A quick update on the latest goings on at the Paper Studio.  You may have heard that they closed their retail storefront in may 2009.  I recently spoke with the owners Cindy and Gary and they have some exciting events coming up at their artspace.  They've completely remodeled the Inside and now it is primarily art studio/ classroom space.  Instead of retail specialty art paper (which you can still shop for at their online store, paperstudio.com), they are filling the space with new workshops and classes.  So, if you've ever wondered how to make paper out of plants (using way cool industrial machines), construct a handmade bound book or try letterpress printing (on more way cool vintage machinery, setting type, etc), this is THE place to do it!  I don't know of many other places like it anywhere in the USA, it is truly wonderful that creative people have access to these resources and teachers with literally decades of printing and papermaking experience.  Cindy mentioned that they are having a printers fair on Saturday October 31, 2009, I  definitely plan to check it out as it looks like there will be many opportunities to try out the cool letterpress equipment and find out about upcoming workshops or buy equipment and type.  Here is the website she gave me with details:http://www.paperstudio-letterpress.comCindy and Gary also said that their new setup makes it possible for them to take on more letterpress custom orders, so if you are in need of a wedding invitation, poster or another project that stands way above and beyond the norm, this is something to keep in mind!
1	I am sorry to say that I cannot agree with the raving reviews of the Paper Studio. I have called twice now and the woman that answers the phone treats me horribly. I remain kind and patient through the entire conversation hoping that her tone will change, but it never does. I called the first time to inquire about classes and was given the blunt answer, "It's on the website", as if I (as a hopeful customer of her business) was an annoyance. The second time I was looking to purchase some book cloth and called to ask if I could stop by the pick up door during pick up hours and see a couple different shades of grey before I made my choice (the images on the website seem a bit discolored and greenish). She immediately stated "We are not a store anymore, no one is allowed to come in to the studio", so I kindly said that I understood and then asked if I could order samples. I was given a very stern "NO" in a tone that made me feel like an idiot for even asking. I will not go be doing business with the Paper Studio unless something miraculous happens to change my mind.
1	I ran into the owner today. They have been closed for 2 years. What a shame.
1	After searching at 3 Hobby Lobbys to find enough of the same envelopes from the paper studio to send off my wedding invitations I regret to say that I was really displeased with the product. We addressed all 100 invitations only to find out they wouldn't stick closed. WE HAD TO GLUE EVERY SINGLE ONE! Now customer service isn't answering and apparently from all other reviews..that is a slim chance. Won't be buying these products again.
