3	Both my wife and I found this place to be good. It was definitely a step up from your Chez Cora type place, but nothing was fantastic. The food was fresh and tasty, portions big (including the side fruit portions which were huge - very unusual). Nice enough, bright atmosphere with friendly service. Tables are close together so think twice before going with a baby in a stroller (as we did). Because it was so early and empty, they were able to accommodate and make space, though. I should also mention that the menu was quite extensive. I'd say because we're in the neighbourhood, we'd go back, but wouldn't travel far for it.
3	Cute brunch spot in the neighbourhood close to where we were staying for the weekend.Lovely terrasse but it was full when we arrived around 11am on a Saturday.  We were seated at a table for four inside, which wouldn't have been too bad had it not be directly under the AC vent.  This made for a chilly meal.I ordered the traditional breakfast with fresh juice and coffee ($9.99).  It came with my choice of eggs (over easy), hash browns, crispy bacon, 2 sausages, a slice of cantelope and orange, and 2 pieces of toast.  Portion size was pretty generous.  I couldn't finish the hash browns or sausages.  The fresh juice was a nice blend of mixed fruits and you could still taste the pulp, a nice change from the traditional orange juice.Others ordered the mushroom and brie eggs benny and the smoked salmon benny ($12-$15) and we're quite happy with them, especially since they both came with a generous side of fruit.Service was okay, not the best - we had to flag down another server to order apple juice and get ketchup.  The place was super busy with hungry brunchers on this Sat. morning.Decent brunch and would return if we're in the neighbourhood again.
1	Usually l'oeufrier is great but this one had awful service on a Sunday at brunch. Took 20 minutes just to put our order in and our waitress didn't come to see us once, food arrived warm if that and it took another 10 to get the bill. Really awful service but at least the food was pretty good.
5	Great food, friendly service, big portions and a great atmosphere. No complaints at all. There was a 20-30 wait around noon on a Saturday so the owner had set up a thermos of coffee to stay warm while we waited. A small point but the mark of a restaurant that cares about their clients and puts thought into every detail.
4	Damn , What an amazing brunch.I had le st-Laurent poutine , which was amazing. This is because both cheese were melting along the smoke meat, which was a really unique taste. As for the fries aka freaking amazing HOMEMADE POTATOES they are to die for. The eggs on top just adds extra points :p My gf had Patati Patata, and she loved it. The portion were huge enough and the bread that came along with it from Moisson was amazing.It's definitely a good brunch place, clean and in a good neighbourhood l. Service is excellent, although it was not really busy at the time I came .4 stars out of 5 , because 5 stars for me is really hard to give !!
3	A solid 3.5 star breakfast joint. Nothing to write home about, but no frills and decent quality when you need your morning eggs, meat and coffee fix. Yeah it's a chain, albeit a small one. But it's one of the only breakfast places in the area that's not a complete greasy dive (and we all knows there's a time and place for those), has a good amount of decent breakfast options, and surprisingly fast and efficient service when I visited. We ordered some complex items and nothing was messed up and we had our food in just under fifteen minutes (yeah, we timed it) on a busy Sunday morn. Oh, and bonus points for the summer terrace.
5	Awesome little breakfast place. Bright and friendly staff. And a lot of different menu items. Particularly lived all the different grilled cheese sandwiches. It's the kind of place you just have to go back to more than once cause there's other dishes you want to try. This place is definitely my new go-to Sunday brunch spot.
