5	Took me a while to find her, but if you're looking for a New York  City caliber haircut I would recommend Gretchen.  She can be edgy or conservative depending on what you like.  I travel to Arizona (kind of) frequently, and I actually put off getting my hair cut until I can get back there!
5	Oh thank god I found this salon... and thank you other reviewers for your truthful reviews that lead me here.I recently moved here from LA, and I was having trouble find a salon that could give me a well executed and well designed haircut. If I get a 'deer in the headlights' reaction from a stylist when I ask them for their ideas, I know the haircut is doomed. Not with Gretchen... when I asked her for her ideas, she said "Oh, I have lots!" and then proceed to tell me the why and how. AMAZING. She carefully and skillfully cut and styled my hair, and I knew from the first clip that I was in good hands.I was originally booked with Lane, but due to a family emergency, he switched me over to Gretchen. I give Lane and Gretchen bonus points for how professionally they dealt with my appointment. Being a new client, they could have just swept me to the side, but they were very proactive about getting me rescheduled and taken care of. Finding a stylist you mesh with is rarely easy, and I am so lucky to have found Orange so quickly!
1	Salon of ArroganceIn May of 2013 I made an appointment with Lane.  I arrived for my appointment to the place dark and locked with no one in sight.  No one called to say they would not be there and/or to reschedule the appointment.  I had rearranged my whole day just for that appointment that was set for 1:30PM.   I drove from south Chandler to the location on Val Vista.  The next day Lane did call my house number to say to call back and lets get me in.  I called back and from there all fell silent.  No one return the call to set up another appointment.  Over the months I thought that the next time I was in that area I was going to make a point of stopping in to A) see if the place was still in business and B) if Lane was there to eyeball the type of individual that is in the service industry that would have no respect for a potential customer that was willing to give them business.  That day happened this past Friday.  I was in the area and made a point of stopping in to have a look see.  Lane was there in all his arrogant glory.  When I told him that I just wanted to eye-ball the individual I had an appointment with that not only did not call to let me know that he was not going to make the appointment he could not even be bothered to show up for the appointment he quite smugly smiled and just said "Sorry" and went on about with his client in the chair.  As I was leaving the one man and a chair hole in the wall business they obviously found this situation to be quite humorous for I heard laughing. This salon is obviously a self-absorb arrogant unprofessional business.  If this fits your style you will feel right at home.  ZERO STARS
1	I have been here twice. The first time was great. Lane was very nice and gave me a great haircut. The second time I went there I found him very arrogant. The cut was not good at all. He had promised to pick up a product for me and call me when he had it. I called him a week later and got no response. I called again after a few days and Gretchen answered. Lane didn't even bother to come on the phone. He just told Gretchen to tell me he didn't have the product yet. ( I could hear him in the background). The least he could do was talk to me. There are tons of salons in Gilbert - Chandler area. Never going back to this arrogant "stylist" again.
1	Salon of Arrogance ZERO STARS In May of 2013 I made an appointment with Lane. I arrived for my appointment to the place dark and locked with no one in sight. No one called to say they would not be there and/or to reschedule the appointment. I had rearranged my whole day just for that appointment that was set for 1:30PM. I drove from south Chandler to the location on Val Vista. The next day Lane did call my house number to say to call back and lets get me in. I called back and from there all fell silent. No one return the call to set up another appointment. Over the months I thought that the next time I was in that area I was going to make a point of stopping in to A) see if the place was still in business and B) if Lane was there to eyeball the type of individual that is in the service industry that would have no respect for a potential customer that was willing to give them business. That day happened this past Friday. I was in the area and made a point of stopping in to have a look see. Lane was there in all his arrogant glory. When I told him that I just wanted to eye-ball the individual I had an appointment with that not only did not call to let me know that he was not going to make the appointment he could not even be bothered to show up for the appointment he quite smugly smiled and just said "Sorry" and went on about with his client in the chair. As I was leaving the one man and a chair hole in the wall business they obviously found this situation to be quite humorous for I heard laughing. This salon is obviously a self-absorb arrogant unprofessional business. If this fits your style you will feel right at home.
1	Salon of Arrogance In May of 2013 I made an appointment with Lane. I arrived for my appointment to the place dark and locked with no one in sight. No one called to say they would not be there and/or to reschedule the appointment. I had rearranged my whole day just for that appointment that was set for 1:30PM. I drove from south Chandler to the location on Val Vista. The next day Lane did call my house number to say to call back and lets get me in. I called back and from there all fell silent. No one return the call to set up another appointment. Over the months I thought that the next time I was in that area I was going to make a point of stopping in to A) see if the place was still in business and B) if Lane was there to eyeball the type of individual that is in the service industry that would have no respect for a potential customer that was willing to give them business. That day happened this past Friday. I was in the area and made a point of stopping in to have a look see. Lane was there in all his arrogant glory. When I told him that I just wanted to eye-ball the individual I had an appointment with that not only did not call to let me know that he was not going to make the appointment he could not even be bothered to show up for the appointment he quite smugly smiled and just said "Sorry" and went on about with his client in the chair. As I was leaving the one man and a chair hole in the wall business they obviously found this situation to be quite humorous for I heard laughing. This salon is obviously a self-absorb arrogant unprofessional business. If this fits your style you will feel right at home
