5	I fell in love with this little shop.  It's not strictly limited to home and garden, though.  I just had to make a Yelp choice.  What it IS is a nonprofit that seeks to encourage the community to consider re-using and re-purposing items, rather than discarding them.  The owners have a mission to help individuals out of homelessness in a sustainable way, and the shop supports that mission.  Some of the items for sale are created by local people who were struggling with homelessness.  My friend and I enjoyed chatting with Lorel, the lovely owner and sharing local resources.  They carry Strawberry Hedgehog's locally-crafted and organic soaps, handcrafted jewelry, organic cotton clothing and more.  They are also starting a loaner bicycle service downtown.  I bought some great jewelry, some Healing Mineral Shaving Soap for my son in Seattle, and a cute bracelet handcrafted by local African refugee women.  ecocentricity!  adds to the local shopping options downtown.
5	I love businesses that are socially responsible!  Not only is Ecocentricity selling things that are eco-conscious and smart for the planet, they are the business part of a non-profit that helps impoverished individuals in Phoenix.What is not to like?Two awesome things that I got there: a bag made of recycled bottles that folds up.  I have it in my purse and use it when shopping.  It even fits in the plastic bag holder in grocery stores for easy bagging.A Skoy cloth, which is a replacement for paper towels - inexpensive, reusable, washable and, when you are eventually done with it, it is biodegradable.  Those are just my personal favorites that I use all the time.  But the store is full of great finds.And an extra plus is the super friendly, Laurel, who runs the place and makes shopping there a sweet, personal connection.Support this place!  They are doing it right!
5	Loral has been integral in helping me to launch a new product line.  She's bent over backwards to make sure we launched with success, and when I stopped by to see our product, she had created such an eye catching display.  I've seen her interact with other vendors as well, and she treats them all like celebrities.  Her whole focus is the greater good and building community.  Everything I've ever seen at ecocentricity! follows through on those missions.  If you're looking for a unique gift, she's the kind of business owner it's important to support.  She's actively seeking them out and bringing them together in a great, one-of-a-kind store.
4	Very unique shop...hodge podge of unique treasures and local artist finds.  The owner is exceptionally nice and I was very impressed with everything she's doing with reusing/recycling.  You can bring in your cork and broken china/dishes to be upcycled here!!
