3	It's fast, it's friendly and about as inexpensive as you can get in Desert Ridge.  Wasn't blown away by thier food, but I would go back.
3	This place popped up out of nowhere!  We went in for breakfast today and business was booming.  I bet all of the people that work in nearby office places go here for some morning coffee and bagel.  They have pretty inexpensive breakfast specials, but like Lindsey said, I wasn't blown away either... I had fruit salad and my bf had a bagel sandwich.  Very limited menu but they do carry Boar's Head meats and sell by the lb.  Go here for bagels, bagel sandwiches, and possibly a side of potato salad or tuna... not much else at the moment, but they just opened so hopefully their menu will grow to include more egg selections and salads?Very friendly service, outdoor seating option, and easy parking in the lot as well... great for the Desert Ridge area!
3	I will have to admit that the place was inexpensive close to Desert Ridge.  It's tucked away in a strip mall in between a couple of office complexes.  The price for an two eggs over-easy, country potatoes, and onion-toasted bagel with coffee is a little less than $6.  The food was okay, and the coffee woke me up.  My friend had a turkey sandwich and it was alright.  Her dad had the same breakfast with me, but wanted the country fries that was not available.  You need to beat out that breakfast rush.  It was a little busy that morning.  Service was quick, friendly, and efficient.  There aren't many selection of food outfits for breakfast around the area.  I will return to this eatery.
4	Had a business meeting here this morning, it was the first time I've been. The place was small but sunny and clean. It was pretty good- you're standard breakfast / bagel place. I had a toasted bagel with cream cheese and an iced tea and my guest had eggs, home fries, a sausage patty and a soda for $12, not bad. They also offer Boar's Head meats, and lots of sides. The guy behind the counter was not a super warm guy, but he took care of  us and got the food out quick and fast. The place was empty when we arrived at 9am, but it filled up quickly with professionals from the neighboring medical buildings. Overall, it will be a nice place to add to the breakfast rotation.
3	Breakfasts here are good if you want something simple on a bagel and want it relatively fast.  I had to make regular visits to a nearby medical facility and always found myself stopping here for a bagel sandwich with fries, or a breakfast bagel with hash browns.  Food isn't great, but isn't bad either.  Very limited seating.
5	This is the only place in Arizona to get genuine NYC bagels.  Their lox are also reasonably priced.We bought 13 bagels and a half a pound of lox.  It came out under $20.  Their sandwiches looked great but I haven't tried one.  They were cheap.Also, their Boars Head deli meat is cheaper here than the grocery store.I will be driving out of my way to go here.  I only wish they had a better location, it's hidden and you can't see it from Tatum Blvd.
2	People there aren't very friendly.  People that ordered their food after me got their food first.  No remorse from the staff.  Only went once, will never go back.  Pretty pricey here too...about 25 bucks for one order of pancakes with chocolate chips, one order of french toast and two orders of 3 eggs.
5	I have been trying to find the best bagel in AZ for a while now and my search is over!!  Bagels are always fresh. Employees are friendly and accomodating.
5	Best Bagels in AZ by far!!!  Being from NJ i thought id never have a good bagel or pizza again when i moved to AZ, now if i can only find a good pizza place.  These bagels are a lot better and a lot cheaper than the garbage einstein bagels across the street at desert ridge!
2	Not overly impressed with this place. It seems to be un organized compared to chain bagel shops I like to go to. I ordered a sesame bagel with plain cream cheese. Took about 5 minutes to get and the place was not busy.  Was excited to get an ice coffee but all of the coffee was out besides decaf and a dark blend. I have heard good things about their burrito but I doubt I will ever go back to try it.  I try to be positive about my reveiws but just not feeling this place.
3	I'm not going to be too hard on them, considering this is AZ, and NY bagels outside of NY are pretty much non-existent.  The bagels are decent, but they seem very salty to me.  Service was fast and friendly.
3	Wow!  Where to begin.  We stopped here last Sunday when they had a $4.00 for a dozen bagels offer and we were really very impressed.  The bagels are outstanding and VERY NEW YAWK-ish in taste and flavor.  The owners wife offered me a New York deal (which I took them up on without hesitation) 19 bagels for the dozen price of $8.00.  Don't laugh.  Yes, I did the math but I also enjoyed NY kibitzing.Go!  Enjoy!  This is the real McCoy!
4	I've only them for breakfasts and bagels, but the service is fine ( it's counter service not sure what other reviews are expecting). The breakfast omelets (3 eggs, 1 meat, 2 veggies, and cheese) are a great value for 6 bucks with homemade potatoes, and the bagels are fresh and real NY style bagels, not those over priced pockets of air the chain stores sell. If you want a real bagel try 'em out, if you want your omelet made in a microwave and over priced packing material go to the chains.
5	We live around the corner and discovered the place about a year ago. The owner (Ben) is friendly and always makes it a point to say hello. We stick to the bagels and cream cheese which are warm, fresh and made locally. I recently brought a dozen bagels and cream cheese to work and my colleagues all wanted to know I bought them. This is a great neighborhood spot!
3	As most Phoenicians from the NY/NJ area know, one is very hard-pressed to find a quality bagel in AZ.  The bagels at Brooklyn's Best are really pretty good.  They have the proper NY style firmness and texture.  The everything bagels, which are typically my favorite, were a little too salty for my taste but not to an unbearable extent.  They have fresh squeezed orange juice that is pretty good.  Disappointing for a restaurant with a name like "Brooklyn's Best," the restaurant does not have a display case for meats and cheeses and various baked goods like any NY deli would.  Nor do they have an enormous list of various combinations of sandwiches.  Especially disappointing, they do not have taylor ham - a NY essential.  I do, however, like that they have other breakfast items like eggs and pancakes.  I haven't tried them yet, though, so I can't attest to the quality.  On a side note, the bacon is a bit strange; I think it might be turkey bacon but I'm not sure.Despite not being like a real NY-style deli, these bagels keep me coming back again and again, frequently going out of my way to do so.  The bagels get 4 stars, but I'll have to keep the overall rating at 3.
5	This is a great bagel store! They make great sandwiches too!
4	This is the closest thing to a New York bagel as you'll find in Phoenix. Proper consistency, texture, I dig em. They make a mean breakfast sandwich too. In addition, they have a bunch of the traditional NY deli fixins like Wise brand potato chips and Cheez Doodles, black and white cookies, Dr. Browns etc which is important to this transplant.Now, the bagels may be a little bit salty like many of the other posters have noted before, but you know what, beggars can't be choosers. And when it comes to finding quality NY style bagels in Phoenix, we beggars.
