1	We've eaten at this Chipotle several times and, although it is not one of my favorite places to eat, I recognize that the supposed quality of the food may be better than other fast food restaurants.  That being said today's experience was not a good one!  We arrived just before noon and there were few people there.  The employees were apparently  filling an order that seemed to be causing them some trouble and our food, once started, sat on the prep line for longer that it should have before they finished it.  I took two bites of my taco and the meat was refrigerator cold, not lukewarm from sitting on the counter too long.  I informed the manager and suggested that perhaps their warming trays were not operating properly and she checked and said everything was at targeted temperature.  I had her touch the meat in my taco to demonstrate that the meat was cold.  She agreed with me and said she would make me another.  15 minutes later, since my husband had finished his meal, I approached her and asked that my money be refunded.  She said she had totally forgotten about my taco and she couldn't refund my money because the cash register had frozen and she was trying to get someone on the phone.  Only after I stood there a moment did she offer a "card" for the next time we visit.  I told her there wouldn't be a next time.  I can forgive one oversight, even two on a restaurant visit, but these folks totally "dropped the ball" on ours.
5	This location and staff are wonderful.  The food prepared here was great.  I saw one individual wash his hands about seven times in the length of me at the end of the line to paying for our meal.  This location gets a lot of cater orders so be prepared to maybe wait a little longer than normal around lunch hours.  Otherwise it'll be smooth coasting.
4	What can I say, it's Chipotle.  Fast food, but done really well.  Their burritos are large, and their prices reasonable.  You tell them what you want in it, and they make it right in front of you.  I'm not normally a fast-food fan (in fact, I hate it).  But this is the exception to the rule.Don't expect authentic Mexican food here.  It's not.  It's Mex-American burritos.  But if you're hungry, want something fast and inexpensive, and can't stand the usual greasy fast-food crap, Chipotle is a good alternative.  For what they are, they are very good.  If you're wondering how they compare to Qdoba, frankly I find them interchangeable.  They both do the same thing, and they both do it well.
5	I can always count on chipotle for a satisfying meal. Like a best friend, they are always there for you. My favorite is a barbocoa burrito and spring for the gauc if I'm in the mood. It has an extra charge. Its a great tasting filling burrito that keeps you full for hours. I sometimes don't even eat dinner when I have it for lunch! They also carry these izzie drinks and my fave is the clementine or the grapefruit. This particular chipotle the service was fast and friendly, however small seating space inside, so beware during lunch hours. There's a ton of outdoor seating all in the shade.
5	Awe...simple, cheap and delicious....the only fast food I'll do!  The manager here takes on an active roll and seems genuinely concerned about making sure the customers are happy.  I also like the outdoor seating area with the shade tarps...there's plenty of seating and the place is very clean!
5	I have been here lots of times and the food quality is always great and customer service has been fast and friendly. Highly recommend!
5	Fresh, fresh, fresh ingredients. Burrito to order, fast & fresh. I order through a Chipotle App & pickup 15 min later with credit card prepaid. Love it. If you've never been to a Chipotle you've been missing out. Try this one.
