4	Pink Pepper has undergone an ownership change & been renamed to Tara Thai. The food remains very similar and the staff is still very friendly.I popped in for lunch the other day with fellow Yelpers Daren C. & Ryan C. and we indulged ourselves on their boofay.The first part about the $8.XX lunch buffet that made me happy was that it includes an Iced Tea. Score!The buffet offers a wide selection of options, from soup, rice, noodles, spring rolls, egg-rolls, tofu, vegetable dishes to many meat options (which my dining buddies appreciated). For me, I was happy to find a good amount of vegetarian dishes. One of the workers happily gave me a tour of the buffet area to show me what was veggie-friendly and what wasn't. Awesome service!I really enjoyed the food and I'll be back. Especially for lunch!A few other tid-bits: They will not accept Entertainment book coupons for Pink Pepper. When chatting with one of the staff members, they informed me that the owner also has a Tara Thai restaurant in Sedona & Prescott, so the empire is expanding.They tell me the large Pink Pepper sign on the exterior of the building will soon be changed.
5	So far, the Pink Pepper 5 stars have carried over, but I'm nervous...I asked the server, "So, even though there's new ownership, you won't be changing the recipes, right?"To which she replied, "Oh, NO! No, no, no.  We won't change anything; we'll just make it more AUTHENTIC."Wes, Daren, and I glanced at each other, exchanging a telepathic,  "Uh huh.  What the hell does that mean?  Are you changing or not?!", but we all just smiled back.   We'd just enjoyed a tasty and satisfying lunch boofay with a smorgasbord of choices for under $9, after all.Tons of dishes full of exotic flavored veggies, meats, seafood, and sides -- even a few desserts.   I enjoyed Thai custard with apple slices quite a lot.  MMMMMM I want another piece.Having seen more of the team than most yelpers, I can confirm that the super friendly and attentive staff seems to remain the same so far.  I didn't see any new faces, but there were several new dishes added to the usual weekday lunch boofay.  Thai toast was weird but good, with its syrupy, cucumber and red onion dipping sauce.As long as they know enough to not change everything that already works so well, the new ownership should enjoy success, including a hefty lunch crowd, with me in it a few days a month, at least!
5	This space used to host Pink Pepper Thai  Cuisine, which I tried back in October '09 at the recommendation of Ryan C & loved!  It changed hands recently, so I dropped in today to check it out under this new name & ownership.Yeah!  "Tara Thai" here still has it!  It's a lot the same as it was as Pink Pepper... a very clean, comfortable place, mid-sized, somewhat stylish, & I was able to land at my same favorite table here again today, around the corner from the front door behind a little wall.  Over at the salad bar & hot tables I counted up 33 food choices this time, not counting condiments.  After a little salad, I tried the Thai Chicken Ball Soup, & another one unmarked but made from coconut milk with white chicken meat strips, bamboo, & flavored with stiff (not bay) leaves of some kind & so on.  There were raw mushrooms, celantro, & chives available there too, to add in, which I did, & both soups were great!As before, some of the hot food choices were familiar, but many were new to me, often with spices I'd never tasted before either.  Everything was delicious, & the new staff was very friendly, as were the folks before.  Let's see...  Lovely atmosphere, lovely staff, terrific food...  Yes, Tara Thai easily reached 5-Stars for me!Lunch Buffet $8.45 includes Iced Tea.  (Full bar & regular menu also available.)
5	I swear I wrote a review for the now closed Pink Pepper Thai and now it is MIA. Weird and interesting.... Tara Thai and Pink Pepper Thai are one in the same just a different name. I am here at least once a week ordering something different for take out. The staff are extremely friendly and the food is fantastic. I have tried to order something different every time I have been there, just to work my way through the menu. Of course I have a few favorites like the Drunken Noodles and the Tom Yum Gai. I have had almost all the appetizers as well and they are all excellent. Definitely a place to check out if you are in the area. They have a buffet on Monday - Sat that I have yet to try but one of these days, I will partake. Hmm what to order next??.....
2	So I use to live by this place 10 years ago when it was Pink Peppermint Thai. And I use to love to go there. I would say that the place has not changed much. But it also isn't what it used to be. The menu's definitely needs a work over, all they did was black out the name and re laminate them. The prices I feel are a little high, but you did get pretty large portions for the amount. I enjoyed pretty much everything I had but I will say this about the chicken. I tasted a bit freezer burnt. But for the most part it was descent. Also the dishes were not as spicy as I remember them. I asked for an 8 on my spicy chicken curry and it tasted more like a 3 with the spice. We had the chicken on a stick and the chicken seemed a bit dry. All I can say is this place was OK...Chicken needs work. Same old Pink Peppermint. Think it has gone down hill a bit. Also I was with my fiance and her 3 year old daughter NO KIDS MENU!
5	So I was finally able to go to Tara Thai for their lunch buffet special. Let just tell you that WOW!!! That was some buffet. They had so many of my favorites from the drunken noodles, pad Thai, panang, Thai sizzling steak, crispy chicken with spicy cream sauce, crispy calamari, which by the way is not on their regular menu and oh such much more. So many options. I was in Thai heaven. For $11.86 which included the buffet and some Thai Iced tea, I was one happy camper. It feels good to know that I have become such a regular that as soon as I walked in, I received hugs from the staff and they were happy that I was there to finally try their buffet. It was well worth ever penny and I can't wait to come back again. FYI their buffet is Monday to Sat from 11:30 to 2:30 and the total price is under $10.00. If you leave hungry than that is your fault!
4	went here for lunch today with Rand H. and the place was clean and nicely decorated. As far as the buffet goes it was quite good , but not as good as Pink Pepper in Chandler.I started with both the soups one of which was some kind of chicken ball soup {quite good} and the other was chicken in coconut milk broth which was ok. There was this spicy crispy fish,different and good. There was lots of meat and veggie dishes ,all were taste and the veggies were not cooked to mush.Then I had a bowl of fresh pineapple,strawberries and banana very good but then again very hard to screw up. Other deserts were custerd with two slices of apple and there chinese donuts are just little things but very good. So it was a very good lunch and Yay I am a fan!!!!!c
4	The food's still great here, but the couple (?) running the place were really down in the dumps on this latest visit, especially the woman... such a change in that from last time (& from the perky former owners before that)!  Also, seating comfort is a big deal to me, & the combination of the table arrangements & the daytime light coming inside are a little off.  (Covering the windows east of the door would solve this.)  Also, we're here to HAVE FUN, so Ms. needs to either cheer up or stay in the kitchen!
5	What amazing service! Their service sets them apart from all other Thai restaurants in the area. Authentic dishes are made to order. We went with a large group, and every person was happy with the food and experience. I highly recommend visiting themNOTE: Their sign above the building actually says 'Pink Pepper', but the door says Tara Thai.
4	I split the panang chicken and pad thai for dinner.  It was good.  Went with a 5 for spicy (they go 1-10 here) and it still had noticeable heat which was perfect.Good service and bizarrely fancy decor for a place where most entries are under $10.  But I dig it.  Cheap food with cloth napkins and overly ornate menus ... it's fun.I would go back, no complaints.
5	Outstanding Thai Cuisine.  Great service. Possibly the best Thai Restaurant in Phoenix. A substantial improvement over the previous ownership.
2	The service was fine, but the food was mediocre at best. Also, the overwhelming and unpleasant smell that hit me when I walked in sort of set a bad mark from the start of lunch. Overall it's just....meh.
1	Ok. How to be diplomatic about this... Let me start by qualifying that I have not been here for dinner. So this review is limited to the lunch buffet... Although, in all honesty, the 2 experiences I have had with the buffet have left me with no desire to come back for dinner. Let me also also say that I can think of at least 10 better Thai places in AZ (basically every other one I've been to), which should pretty much say it all. In fact, I am not even sure that this place is really Thai - and not Chinese, for example. I mean, they have Tom Kha Gai soup, Pad Thai and a couple of other dishes resembling Thai cuisine, but they are not very good or authentic tasting. And they are interspersed with things like walnut shrimp, lamian noodles, eggs rolls, etc. Which leaves me very confused.
3	I personally liked Thai Rama better than this place. But then again, I ventured away from my normal Yellow Curry too...I got the BBQ thai chicken. Good, but nothing I'd wet my panties over.
4	The fiance and I came here for a very early dinner. We were greeted as soon as we walked in by very friendly staff and seated right away. There were only two other parties in the restaurant, but no surprise since it was so early. We both had pad thai with beef instead of shrimp and shared the golden bananas. I'm new to thai cuisine, but really enjoyed my noodles. The meat was cooked and seasoned very well, the veggies were delicious, the noodles were not too soggy and a great thickness, and the sauce was delightfully spicy with just a tiny bit of sweetness to it. All of the staff was super friendly, and the manager made sure to stop by and speak to us about our meal as well as their promotions and lunch buffet.  My fiance said his pad thai was not the best he has had, but that he did enjoy it very much.  And my left over noodles made for a great lunch the next day.
4	A wonderful surprise. We were shopping at Sunflower Farmer's Market when we discovered this wonderful Thai place for lunch. We didn't get there till 1:30 well after the lunch rush. We decided to have the lunch buffet ($8.45) and it was wonderful. Lots of choices and even though it was late the trays were being replenished very quickly. There were three different types of curry and I loved all of them. The catfish dish was great. And so was the soup. I don't know what their dinner menu is like but for lunch I think it is a great deal. And the service was very good. I will be back everything I shop at Sunflower's.
3	not sure i am happy with the new staff and owner , but so far no decline in food quality. they have changed the menu a little. my favorite creamy chicken is no longer offered in a grilled version since the chicken is now purchased pre sliced so they cant grill a breast for it anymore. it hasn't effected their great curry dishes though!!! still will go back
4	Full disclosure: I love thai food.  I have an appreciation that is emotional, nothing lights up my life like a big bowl of Curry.Tonight was one of those nights. I've been here before, their pad thai is great. It's greasy, hot, and full of flavor. It's pad thai should be. Unpretentious, pure.But tonight, kaeng kari is what I needed. Juicy chunks of chicken, flattened and grilled. Carrot, cut into the trademark star shapes. Potato, hilariously cut into thick ridged wedges. Think a ridged 1 inch thick potato chip prior to slicing/frying.  The green bell pepper, while tasty and fresh, could been more than 4 pieces. But that's a tiny blemish on an otherwise delicious curry. Onto the spices. Cumin, coriander, turmeric, garlic, salt, bay leaf, lemongrass,ginger ,cinnamon, and of course, cayenne pepper, all in a coconut paste. I like it spicy, so I order a 7 (out of 10), but I could easily eat a 10, as it's not that bad at all. The food came hot, with a small bowl of jasmine rice, though you could easily just eat/drink the curry. If you haven't poured curry all over rice and consumed it, you're missing out on some magic. First bite was beautiful. An explosion of flavor instantly rocked my senses.  I felt healed. And as I kept eating, the better I felt. A great curry.  And I'll keep coming back for more. As for the decor, yeah, it's horrible, but what great Thai place doesn't have some out of place decor? Service is wonderful, food is great, and like I said, a great curry.
4	I've eaten here a few times before, when it was Pink Pepper, but never had the lunch buffet.  A few days ago I decided to check out the buffet offerings.  Everything had great flavor, but I found it all lacking in the spice department.  I know they are trying to make food that is palatable for the masses and one can always add chilies, but I generally prefer my Thai food to arrive pre-spiced.  That said, however, I would definitely go back for more and I did - a few times in fact.  The Thai tea was some of the best I've ever had, I had to order one to go so I could prolong the sweet creamy deliciousness as long as possible.  To top it all off the service was great, and I can't wait to go back!
3	I know what your thinking..3 stars "are you crazy?" but, I am partial to Thai food, I am half Thai after all. I have never had anything off the menu here, just went for the lunch buffet. A big YAY! to the owners who kept the buffet that the former Pink Pepper had.  I don't care for most asian super buffets that seem to be littering the valley, but this is an exception. It is on a smaller scale and that is because they can keep up with the quality instead of quantity. There are still 2 soups to choose from and several stir fry dishes, a noodle dish or two and at least 3 curries. They even have the thai custard desert and fruit. I happen to like the custard,(its a bit like the Thai version of Flan).  My husband did not care for it much. But he hates all custard. Growing up, nothing compared to my mother's Thai food. She even opened her own restaurant in the 80's before she passed away. Gathering a few awards and Best of Phoenix plaques herself. A good analogy would be your mom's meatloaf, or lasagna..no one can top that right?The service is friendly here. But if you like your little bowl of "Prik nam bplah"(fish sauce and thai chilies) you need to ask your server for it since they don't keep it out for the diners. I can't eat soup, pat thai,fried rice or most noodles without it! Most Thai places are like that anyway, you must ask for it if you want the spice! The chili pastes are fine, but can be overpowering. So I don't bother. The food at the buffet was just ok for me. But my husband enjoys it and there were plenty of diners that did. The prik khing(spicy green beans) was a bit thin and it needed to be kicked up a notch. The Pat Thai was fine. I was surprised because most places have not been able to master this dish. It either comes out to sweet, or runny. But here, it was fine. Not fabulous, but fine. The coconut chicken soup (Thom Kha Gai) was thick and needed more lime juice and fish sauce. The papaya salad (Som Tam) is nothing that I remember som tam to be. I make it at home and this was the blandest I have ever had. Where was the sugar,fish sauce,garlic and thai chilis? I know the restaurant is trying to aim to please the local palette, but it does a disservice to the ethnic cuisine of Thailand. I will go back once in a while when I am craving variety. The place is clean and the atmosphere is great. I would like to try this one night when I can order off the menu. I have a feeling the food will be tastier being customized to one person instead of the masses. Then I will edit my review. It is worth lunch if your craving some Asian cuisine. For the price of a crappy Panda chain restaurant you can have  this buffet and get to try out so much more.
4	I saw the Tara Thai restaurant ad in the Phoenix New Times and it's a Thai buffet. So, I checked it out Tara Thai on yelp.com and see what the reviews are. So, far it gotten nice reviews from the locals and I noticed it used to be the Pink Pepper. I enjoyed the lunch buffet and the price is affordable.But when I tried to visit the second time... It was sad to see posted on their door that Tara Thai could not afford to pay their lease and I think it's going to close down =(
1	Tara Thai is closed!  Went there this past Wed, Sept 21, 2011 with my wife to try to buffet.  Sign posted on door stating problem with the lease.
4	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =Sadly, this excellent buffet has closed.  What went wrong here was that the original owners were very cheerful & friendly.  They sold out to new folks who kept the restaurant great, but they were just the opposite themselves...  really down & unfriendly.  Hey Mr. & Ms., we have food at home!  We came here to HAVE FUN!  When you're a restaurant host, you're an ENTERTAINER too!What a shame to lose the delicious, unusual food that this place served.     :-(
