5	Honest, friendly, and quick to help you. I like JTs because it is down the street from my house and they care about the products they sell.  Like real bike shops, things are expensive, but that is because you are buying quality.  If you want a real bike go here or All Mountain...if you are looking for a starter hit up a place like wal-mart, sport store or Big 5.
5	I went into JT's a long time ago when I was getting ready to buy a mountain bike and didnt go with them for some reason. I got great service from them then, and again today when I went in to get my front wheel trued on my road bike.   He offered to have it done while I waited which would have been awesome... He then discovered the last shop I had work on my bike, messed a few things up so he said it would be later today or tomorrow morning.   Super pleasant guy, answered my q's and offered some advice....   Cant wait to get my bike back to go and ride with a proper true of my rim with tight spokes. - UPDATEJust got back from picking up my bike and as promised the wheel is true and it was only $20 bucks for going through and checking all the tensions on my spokes and making sure it was fixed this time.   With quality service like that I will definitely be back... gonna need some handle bar tape and a new water bottle cage and some water bottles here shortly.     Thanks to the great employees at JT's.
1	I'm not really happy with JT's. Missouri mud and Colorado's rocks and snow left my expensive mountain bike a bit of a mess. Also the tires it had just don't hold up well to the thorns and sharp rocks of the Mojave desert so it was time to find a local bike shop that could make things better. I picked JT's based on their location off I-515 at Horizon Drive in Henderson and the fact that they offer extended evening hours on Thu and Fri were a plus. I dropped my bike off on a Sunday and as they looked it over they recommended new tires right off the bat. The new Kenda tires are good, but it took JT's 4 days to get them in from their vendor which in this day and age seems a bit excessive. When I walked in to pick up my bike they went out the back door and wheeled it in...and this seriously freaked me out. While I've had the bike a few years it was a $3000 bike back then, and it's still got value now and it was left chained up outside? Yeah, not happy about that at all. After paying for the service work I loaded up the bike and headed home wondering how the bike would ride....Sunday afternoon before sunset I took it over to the River Mountain Loop Trail to find out. And to be honest I am not happy. It has a new chain but it doesn't shift right. I was told my top of the line Shimano rear cassette was going to need replaced in a year or so. To be honest this is not my primary bike and it hasn't been ridden all that much. If it's got 250 miles on it I'd be shocked and most of that would be on Katy Trail riding in Missouri or some short stints up in the Colorado Rockies on slow downhill single track descents while stopping to snap pix with a camera in hand. So from the diminished ride quality to being told I may need to upgrade the rear cassette and that my brake pads would need replaced soon...again considering the usage I'm thinking I might want to find another local bike shop for the next time I need service. Specialized doesn't build junk, I didn't buy junk, at the time this was their top of the line, and for it to allegedly need all this service? Yeah...right. And quite frankly my bike still isn't where I would feel comfortable getting it out and going for a long ride. I'm just not happy with it. And with the money I spent...yeah, I'm beginning to think I might have got screwed and not in a good way either. Oh and it clicks under load now where it never did before. And this is on pavement no less for the test ride. Again....I'm seriously NOT HAPPY.
2	Location: Right off a highway exit in an easy-to-access strip mall.Selection: Seemed decent, for the size of the shop; I'd give it a 3-4. I'm just getting back into bicycling so I've only hit up a few shops so far.Service: Non-existant. I was in there for a good 20 minutes and no one so much as greeted me, much less offered any assistance. You know those places where the service people are all up your @$$ like they think you're going to steal something? Yeah, these guys took the complete opposite, hands-off approach. Maybe they do a decent online business so they don't feel like they need to acquire or retain walk-in customers. What happened to just a quick, "Hi, welcome to our shop. Let us know if you have any questions." That would've been great. No, instead two or three of them briefly looked right at me from across the room, then went back to what they were doing. That turned me off so much that I didn't feel like trying to approach them to actually get some questions answered, so I can't vouch for their demeanor, knowledge, or attitude when engaged in conversation.I probably wouldn't go back here unless they had something specific I needed that I couldn't get anywhere else. But then again, there are amazingly friendly and knowledgable people at other bike shops around town, and I'd rather wait for them to order it and give them my business.Summary: JT's website made it look like the place to go, and it might be ok for a quick in-and-out job, but don't expect to be blown away by the service. Since service is a huge reason why people go to brick-and-mortar shops instead of just buying online, this is a big score-lowerer for me.
5	This is one of the best bike shops around, they hare knowledgeable and the prices are very reasonable. I find the staff to be friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend this bike shop.
5	From the moment I walked into Jt's I knew I was in great hands as soon as I saw the smiling faces of the employees at Jt's Bicycle. Specifically I've had most of my transactions with Jay and Chris. These two gentlemen are the perfect example of what having a passion for cycling really is. I'm a beginning rider and I never once encountered the least bit of annoyance from either of these gentlemen when I asked the fifty thousand questions I had lined for them. I had been to other cycle shops around the Henderson and Vegas valley and none of the other competitors had customer service that was as outstanding and or personable as Jt's. I work for the service industry and Jt's Service is what we would refer to as 5 star 5 diamond rated.
5	They have done it again!!! I don't know how others can say that service is non existent in this place because in all honesty all I receive in this place is great great outstanding customer service. I had my first wipe out in my new bike a couple of weeks ago. Luckily I walked away with only a few scrapes and bruises. I was more upset about the fact that my handle bars were thrown out of alignment. I called Jts right away they were able to schedule my bike for a tune up right away a day after I had called. They made sure my handle bars were aligned, they tighten loose ends and the thing I really thought was great was they loosened my bike petals to make it easier to clip in and out. I never realized how tight they were before they loosened them. I didn't even ask them to do this. To top everything off they did this for free. If you purchase a new bike with Jts the fitting is complimentary and you get two free tune ups. I can't ask for more. Please support your local cyclery and check out Jt's.
5	My husband has recently taken up mountain biking as a hobby and this place was referred to us by a fellow cyclist and friend. We were very pleased with the amazing customer service that JT and his staff provided us with. JT went through the whole process of helping my husband choose the right bike, answering all his questions, and not one single time, made us feel rushed into making a sale. Everyone over there knows what they're doing and you can certainly see that they love doing what they do. We would highly recommend this store for all those who are interested in cycling, novice and experts alike!
5	I just bought my first ever road bike! Of course Jim was there and he spent for what seems to be like a whole afternoon giving me advise. It really makes a difference if the shop owner is passionate about the product/service that he sells. Thank you so much Jim and to your wonderful staff!
5	I am 68 and want  to get back in shape before I die. A friend sent me to Jt's bike shop. My wife and I went to Jt's about 7 months ago and I bought a BNC road bike. We thought we were back in Kentucky when we meet Jim. He is so friendly and very helpful. Jim  is wonderful to work with. When I bought the BNC bike. Jim told me, "After 500 miles or 6 month bring it in and let us clean and adjust." I thought this was just great business to get me back in the store. No, they are serious about taking care of their customs and I will tell you why.Today I took the bike in and this is the true. Jay worked and cleaned on my bike for over an hour. He also found a small problem with the shifting, which I thought the shifting was working good. I will agree with another custom. All the employees have great customer service skills making the shop warm and friendly from the moment you walk through the door and during the entire time you are there.  Everyone is knowledgeable and very helpful without being high-pressure. If you are in need of a new bike or need work done a bike, truth me from the South, Jt's is the place to go.  Scotty, Southern born and raised, Go to Jt's and you will be treated that away!!!!!!
4	10% off the Giant Pre for my little guy since it was a 2013 and they're looking to roll out the 2014's soon. One guy was barely there in terms of customer service and the other was very nice. They'd have received 5 stars if the other guy was up to snuff.
5	Great service. No, scratch that. Amazing service. And their bikes aren't bad, either!My last bike was probably in grade school. You know, I had the ones where you pedal backwards to brake. I have begun to learned the modern world of cycling this year and signed up for my first sprint triathlon. JT's gave me an amazing deal on an entry level road bike.  Each new bike purchase comes with two maintenance checks you use later on and 10% off all accessories for the first month.With each visit, I am very thankful for this locally owned bike shop and its amazing staff, JT, Jay, Eric, and Neil, for all the knowledge and help they've given. From servicing my bike to installing my new bike pedals, they have always been professional, fast, and efficient. Their prices are great, they have a great selection, well stocked with bike accessories, and store is well-kept.Anytime you need a reliable bike shop near Henderson, I highly recommend JT's. They definitely know what they're doing!
5	Love the knowledgeable staff. Fixed me up a couple times when I needed a tune up or some expert advice. I would recommend them for race bikes too!
5	I was in Las Vegas and went to JT's to rent a road bike to do the beautiful 40 mile River Mountain Loop bike trail.  The shop was great, set me up on a great carbon fiber road bike, made all the adjustments, rented me a helmet, installed the right pedals and sent me on my way.  They were professional and fun to work with,  By the way, this trail is a fantastic bike only trail around Las Vegas mountains and Lake Mead.
5	JT's friendly, knowledgeable staff always gives excellent customer service! I love how the employees are involved with the cycling community. Always a pleasure to ride with JT on a ride. Eric is the go to guy for getting things fixed in a jiffy. The store has everything you are looking for from bike rentals to triathlon gear. Make sure to stop by you won't regret it!
5	These guys are the best bike mechanics I have ever trusted my bikes to. No one ever tunes my bikes with finesse these guys have. Shifting is smoother than it has ever been. I haven't bought a bike here (yet) but looking around the shop the selection is nice and prices are competitive.  Highly recommended!
5	This is a great local shop. Within 5 seconds of walking into the shop, I was greeted and offered assistance. A very knowledgeable staff explained the differences between a couple of bikes in my price range. I spent some time test riding both bikes before walking out of the store with one. They take the time to fit you for your bike, add water bottle holders, and install anything else that you want. In my case, an emergency kit on the back. They also offer 10% off for the first month of purchases, and I get two free tune ups during the next year. They also helped me secure my trunk carrier and helped me load my bike. Great service and competitive prices. I will be back soon.
5	I  bought a bike at JT'S.  Not only was it a fantastic price the service was wonderful.  I came in four times and tried four bikes.  Each time they answered my questions and took time with me.  With the great discount I got I doubt they made much money but they treated me with the utmost respect.  I visited three other bike shops and all were ok but nothing compared to JT'S.  Seriously, this place goes above and beyond.
5	I came here to get a flat tire fixed for our BOB Revolution stroller.  They were so helpful and very nice.  The store is neat, has all the latest gear and I think the prices seem fair.  It is a bit out of the way for us, but worth it for the customer service.
5	The guys at JT's were super sweet and very helpful. They allowed me to ship my bike and a friend's bike to them from across the country. They assembled and disassembled our TT bikes for a very fair rate and they were super supportive of us and our race! I loved the shop and the fact that everyone there was incredibly friendly and willing to assist us in any way they could re: bikes and biking in the area.
