4	I got to go to the grand opening event.  The concept is similar to the many other self-serve froyo places in Charlotte, but this place has many things working for it.  First, it has parking which is a big deal in Dilworth.  Second it is on the proper side of the street.  There used to be a cupcake/ (to a lesser extent) froyo place across the street in Latta Pavilion, but it was not convenient for a quick buy.  The location here is much better.The emphasis seem to be fairly equal on froyo and cupcakes while the place that failed across the street was mainly (crappy) cupcakes and 2 flavors of froyo.I tasted the tart (not quite as tart as pinkberry or TCBY), cotton candy (yum) and the Acai Berry (yum).  They have an equal blend of naughty and nice toppings while TCBY focuses on junk food toppings and Yoforia focuses on fruit.  Freshberry had melon which I don't recall at the other froyo places.The cupcakes are the size a cupcake should be.  I tried the Hostess Cupcake type cupcake.  It was very good.  Moist cupcake and thick fudgy topping.  The frosting could have been a little more even.  It left about 1/4 of the top fostingless which meant I had to spread the frosting.  Also, they didn't have forks, just spoons.  Sometimes I like eating my cupcake with a fork so I can spread the frosting and then take a bite.  Definitely a fierce competitor in Charlotte's saturated froyo market.
4	The smaller cup sizes they have available means you are less likely to load up on fro-yo and toppings compared to other places. It is kind of like that old diet tip, use a smaller plate and you are less likely to overeat with bigger portions. It made my bill nearly 50% less than it's competitors and I was just as satisfied, and with the extra money left in my pocket, more likely to come come back.Bonus: One of the people in our group was craving a cupcake instead of frozen yogurt. They had those too and it was supposedly good so everyone was happy.
4	YUMMMMMY!!!I came here strictly for the cupcakes.  I am always curious to see what new cupcake flavors/shops pop up in the Charlotte area so I was excited to spot Smallcakes.You can certainly tell this place is new.  It was so crisp and clean!  I didn't try the yogurt but I got down on a Bleberry Pancake Cupcake!!Ok, the details....The cake was super fluffy and moist at the same time....which is pretty hard to pull off. It wasn't too dense and it wasn't too soft that you were left without the fulfilling substance.  It was just perfect.  It was a blueberry flavored cupcake and there were actually small blueberries in the cake.  The cake alone was divine.  It wasn't the consistency of a muffin, which you would expect for this particular flavor---it wasn't too sweet either.  It tasted like a pancake with a different texture...it was crazzzzy!!!The icing was scary looking at first.  It has somewhat of a plastic foam look, so I was nervous.  It almost had the consistency of shaving cream but thicker...again, nervous.  But it was love at first bite.  It was the perfect completion to the cupcake.  It was maple flavored buttercream and there was even a small drizzle of syrup over the top.  It was not too sweet but not flavorless lard like some other places. The icing is very creamy and somewhat thick but not rich.  It was just a very well done cupcake.  It tasted like a blueberry pancake with syrup and whipped cream all wrapped up in one.  It was divine!!I was a little disappointed to hear that smallcakes is a franchise but I'll get over it.  I'll definitely be back.  There are not a ton of cupcakes on display but they do have 6 or so flavors to choose from....most of which are the "usual"...red velvet, chocolate, vanilla, lemon, etc.  I will be back because I want to try their yogurt as well.  I was surprised to see how closely they are located to menchie's....talk about competition!  I have to say, this place is likely going to give everyone a run for their money.  You should go!!
4	If Hello Kitty opened up a cupcakery in Charlotte, it'd probably look a lot like this one. Very bright, clean and inviting - enough that I was willing to get out of the car during the pouring rain in search of cakey goodness.There's a wide range of self-serve yogurt flavors lining the back wall, though I didn't see any sampler cup-lets sitting out as other similar places offer. Maybe you have to ask for them?Other posters have mentioned the need to get here early so that you don't miss out on the good flavors, but I showed up around 6pm after work and saw everything still seemed to be available. Granted, it was only a Tuesday...So, down to the nuts and bolts. There were about 10 cupcakes on display. Each is $2.99 (plus tax), which fairly pretty in-line with expected pricing. I asked the girl at the counter several questions about the various flavors and ingredients, and was happy to learn that they only use butter - no shortening. Hooray!Several options piqued my interest, but I took away a Key Lime for Husband, and a Chocolate Cream for myself. The two fist-sized cupcakes were packed into an adorable little box with cut-out holders inside so they don't tip over during transport. With such cute packaging, these would make a great little gift to brighten someone's day or bring to a dinner party! I can only imagine they have similar materials for one/four/more-packs.When I got home, I was able to sample the wares. Although Husband hasn't eaten his yet, I "accidentally" swiped a bit of the frosting off the side, and it was really nice - light, fluffy, creamy, with a hint of key lime flavor (though I can't fully be sure that the flavor was deliberately infused in the frosting, or if it just crept up from the cake). (ETA: Husband said it was vanilla cake with key lime frosting. Also, that it was yummy. Husband does not dedicate quite as much verbiage to food reviews as I do.)Be forewarned that these are HEFTY as far as cupcakes go. As I mentioned above, each was about the size of a fist, and was weighty for its size - not something you'd just pop into a lunchbox. This is a dessert you have to commit to! The portion of cake is large, and the frosting a sizable mound on top of it. My chocolate cake was good - both light and moist with a good chocolate flavor. It's not a deep, dark, dense chocolate (my personal preference), but instead is a solid base that would appeal to many.  There was a tiny dollop of white buttercream in the center, and a bit more capping the mountain of fudge frosting that sat on top. Think: Hostess on steroids. The fudge frosting was enjoyable, creamy and thicker than the buttercream, but I didn't care for it quite as much as I liked the buttercream, and it was a little too sweet and there was a little too much of it all around. By the end, I ended up scraping about half off to feed the Garbage Monster.Overall, I had a really nice first impression and would be eager to try other cake flavors, plus sample some of the yogurt. The Stuffed French Toast (vanilla cupcake with cream cheese icing in the center and topped with maple cinnamon buttercream, I think) looked tempting, as did the Birthday Cake yogurt. As a chain, they haven't displaced my love for local cupcake businesses, and the size is a bit overwhelming for it to be more than a very occasional treat, but I'm glad the option is there. It actually might be kind of dangerous that they're so close to where I live, and that they keep such long hours...
3	Freshberry Yogurt and Smallcakes Cupcakery recently opened in the space that formerly housed Blockbuster video on East Boulevard. Charlotte, like Atlanta, is starting to become overrun with frozen yogurt establishments, in particular the soft serve variety. Freshberry adds another one to the bunch, offering several flavors in tart and non-tart varieties and dozens of cereal, nut, candy, chocolate, and fruit toppings. They have multi-colored mochi (sweet rice balls) which made me smile and their tart yogurt flavor pleased the palate - I actually had some for a late breakfast one day just when they opened. I thought Freshberry might have a hard time making it since they are so close to Menchie's, but perhaps the cupcakes are the different draw that will keep them in business.The cupcakes here, like the ones at the Atlanta Smallcakes, taste bland to me with overly sweet frosting and not enough buttery cakey flavor despite their gorgeous outer appearance. I imagine they use the same recipes so this is not surprising. I'm sure kids will enjoy this place - both yogurt AND cupcakes - it will be a difficult decision if parents make them choose!
4	I stumbled on the bakery on my way to an appointment.  Since I needed a snack, I had to stop in.  My daughter enjoyed a vanilla yogurt (simple pleasure) and we each had a cupcake.  Hers was the choc-o-holic with chocolate on chocolate.  Mine was lemon flavored with a small but adequate amount of lemon filling and plenty of vanilla icing.  I could have done without that much icing, but who am I not to eat what I paid for!  We loved the cupcakes that were very well baked (they bake them fresh daily I am told).  There had just the right amount of moistness and the size was adequate for the price.
4	Yummy yum yum! Great cupcakes! They are alittle expensive but well worth it! Try the big fat elvis! Can't go wrong....
4	We've been several times for cupcakes. With only one exception the cupcakes have been moist and the frosting was perfect. They are also much larger than most other cupcake shops in the area. The staff are very friendly, as well. Definitely our favorite for cupcakes!
