5	This place is away from my normal stomping grounds - but the vet I had been going to was losing it on the business/customer service end of things - so I wanted to find somewhere my dog and I were, well - wanted.Mid-City came very highly recommended - and I was sure it was a better place for me (if not my pooh) with the first phone call.  Friendly, professional and great flexible hours to take care of those of us who work a full time day job.  I am more than willing to take time off if my dog is sick and needs help - but for annual exams and scheduled blood tests, being able to go there in the evening or on a Saturday makes way more sense to me.  Done!We saw Dr. Hull - who has been a vet since the Dead Sea was only Sick. :)  He looks like Santa Claus and had my (since deceased) husky calm and well behaved for his exam in no time.  When the husky got older and sicker, Dr. Hull had an almost magical link to him - and I knew he was in good hands.  I also appreciated that Dr. Hull is a big believer in quality of life over quantity of life.  He's as good with people as he is with animals - and I completely trust him with my life as well as my fur-kids.After my husky passed, I adopted a new fur-kid, Layla the Lab mix.  She's had check-ups with both Dr. Hull and Dr. Tauer.  I have always been treated well (as have the pooches) by both Dr.'s, all the tecs and the receptionists.Prices are fair, and I've never felt something has been suggested by way of testing, prescriptions or other costs that were not absolutely needed.Definitely a great facility!
5	I brought my 12.5 year old dog here because he was very sick and i didn't have anything closer. It was the best decision I've ever made! Even though he ended up passing, the docs, and employees at amec mid-city animal hospital were the most caring animal lovers I've ever met. I was crying my eyes out when the doc suggested we put him down and she waited patiently for me to catch my breath and tell her no. Then she offered me a thousand other options that suited me. After talking to my loved ones and being convinced that i was being extremely selfish, I called them back and the lady i talked to was so caring and helpful when walking me through the process. Im pretty sure she cried too! And then about a week later, i received a very personal and caring card that share their condolences. I love this vet because they truly care and did everything to make me and my little buddy comfortable. if you have a sick furry friend, please give that little friend a chance by bringing it here!
5	I find them to be reasonably priced. They were friendly to me and my cat even though my cat was as nasty as possible.  They put up with him and treated him with respect and dignity in the face of his complete nastiness and ferocity. He even scared me. He was ill and they made sure he was feeling better, even after the visit. My cat is doing better now. I consider them my "go to" vet at this point.
5	After having a dog with coon hound paralysis and then a tumor, these guys were always there for me.  They are a bit of a distance from me, but I would follow them anywhere.  They were there for me, and being able to calm me down with my last dog (she was 13 when she passes last month) keeps me coming back. Thanks
