3	Is it weird to review a Gas station? NOPE! I had to because of my AMAZING experience. Service: 5/5 Great service, as I was driving my oil light came on. I freaked out and pulled over. Knowing I recently just changed my oil but second guessing the shop I took it to. I checked my oil levels and they were so low.. I had to add oil to my car. I ended up going in side this Chevron we're the cashier helped me pick out which oil was best for my car and even asked If I wanted a complimentary funnel. As I was putting the oil into my car the cashier came out to ask if there was anything else they could do or if I needed help. Great extended service! Gas Prices: 0/5 At the moment they're $3.73 I hope to come across this review in a year or so and look at this review and think.... Gosh I paid way to much for gas. (praying gas prices will lower sooner) I love Chevron w/ techron. Its suppose to be better for your engine so I like the brand but Chevron is amongst the most expensive gas I might have to consider alternate companies.
2	Great location and nice new facility.  If you live in Mountain's Edge, it a nice convenient location.  Gas prices reflect the only game in town mentality, 3 miles down the road, where there is competition, prices are .10 cheaper.  Staff is typically unfriendly and indifferent, lines long and slow most the time.  Good place for gas and a car wash if you don't mind price gouging.
4	Very clean and great customer service. You can say its just a gas station but you know when your in a nasty place and this isnt one of them.
3	Being the closest gas station to my house I find myself here a lot.  The one thing I find annoying is the key-pad when entering my zip code, sometimes it skips and I have to cancel the zip code entry and start all over (Operator error, maybe).  Also all the prompts for a receipt, if you are a Vons member, if you want a car wash takes... so long to get through.Besides that the station is nice, the towels and washer solvent are always stocked and normally they switch the air machine on for me at no charge.  I also use the car wash here (as much as I hate the manual drive through ones, but gotta be water smart!) and it does the job.  The battle with the pump isn't so bad in the grand scheme, my biggest peeve is when the station is out of receipt paper or it doesn't take credit cards.
4	"This gas station is a true 5-star experience!" ...said no one ever. This place gets one star each for the following: - Convenience- Cleanliness- Safety- PriceIf you want to get more expensive gas, you are more than welcome to venture near the Strip and fill up with the rest of the state of California. If you want to get cheaper gas, you are also welcome to shimmy on over to the sheisty part of town. Godspeed.
3	Never really had a bad experience here. Just have a little gripe about the graveyard people. There's a little attitude when they talk to you. Then again it's graveyard and people are grumpy at those times, I should know I work the same shift. Aside from that its a regular gas station. Wish their gas prices are a little cheaper. I do frequent the car wash.
2	The car wash does not work very well. People inside were nice, but paid $6 for a brushless wash that should be called a wash less wash.
2	The car wash does not work very well. People inside were nice, but paid $6 for a brushless wash that should be called a wash-less wash.
