5	Not the cheapest vet, but very thorough. As they have on site lab services you don't have to wait to get your pet's results back (you'll get heartworm results, etc. back before your visit is over). Dr. Hook is excellent and takes the time to go over everything with you (shows you the x-rays/explains them etc.). He'll go into anything with as much depth as you want, and has no problems explaining things in either a scientific or layman's manner. Dr. Hook is also quite into supplements for joint health. He's given me 2 (dasuquin and PhyCox-JS) to use on my aging dog. They have significantly improved my dogs mobility and she is no longer having to  rely on pain and arthritis medications. My only complaint is that their prices for these supplements are a bit higher than you can find them on Amazon.com, but overall I've been very pleased. You can't go wrong with this vet.
5	I couldn't be happier with the care my injured hamster received at Arbor Ridge. I will be returning with my chinchilla and conure! As an exotic pet owner, I know how difficult it can be to find a competent exotics vet. If you have herps, birds, or pocket pets, this is the place to go!
5	The vets at Arbor Ridge are very knowledgable and will take the time to go over x-rays/explain things in whatever detail you want. This is great for me as, while I am in the process of becoming a human doctor, animals are quite a bit different. It's great to be able to talk to someone who is passionate about being a vet and takes the time to explain what is going on with your pet.
5	Our dog Max has received nothing but first rate care from Dr. Hook and the staff at Arbor Ridge. We have been taking him there since he was a puppy and he is always happy to see the staff and leaves in a great mood.
1	I was shocked when I called this veterinarians office to find out what they charge for neutering my dog. The list of what they provide was a mile long and the bill? $350 to $450! That's outrageous. I called other vet clinics and no one even touched this price. Also, the medication they seem to be prescribing to go with it seemed excessive. They also are "willing" to tack on blood work that ranged in price from $39 to $110. That
2	Whenever we go there, we are hit with a bill of nearly $200 or more. They charge excessivley for small things like looking at some sample under a microscope for 5 mins or $20 for shampoo. We are seriously considering switching.
5	We found Arbor Ridge endorsed on a website that we go to for all things tortoise. It ca be hard to find a vet clinic that has a good exotic animal reputation. We started with ARPC from the get-go with our little guy. Although I didn't have the greatest feeling for the first doc we saw(who we only saw once or twice, and is no longer there), we LOVE Dr. Hook! It's great to have a vet to go to who treats our tortoise with as much attention as any dog or cat. A lot of people sort of brush him off, just because he's not fluffy and cuddly...but he's our baby! Dover has liver disease, and ever since we started working with Dr. Hook we've been very happy with his care. He always takes the time to answer any questions we might have, and to give us tips and tricks.  I've never felt rushed or pushed out--which is more than I can say for most HUMAN clinics. ;)Yes, this is no discount vet service, but we've never felt the need to question the value of care we receive here. I would recommend any pet parent, but especially any exotic pet owner to check out the team at ARPC.
5	We started going to Arbor Ridge in Aug (2013) and already we have been so happy with everything Dr. Hook and his very professional team have done for us and our dog Lucy. She is like one of their own when she walks through those doors and is treating as such. The entire staff is friendly and knowledgable. Something else I really like about this clinic is the communication. They are always available to answer questions or concerns over the phone and they always call after visits to check up on your animal. I can't say enough positive things about this clinic and would highly recommend it. I have noticed that the only negative feedback on yelp is the prices but they offer what's called a wellness program, that covers a lot of the costs associated with routine vet visits, among other things your pet will need. If the cost is what's turning you away please consider joining their wellness program, it's there to save you money. I will take all my animals to Dr. Hook and feel very comfortable referring others to him as well. If you have anymore questions after researching on yelp call them, they will answer any questions about price or otherwise and then make your decision.
1	I would not recommend this vet clinic. We had used this clinic for years but over the last 4 years the service has gone down hill. The staff and Dr Hook are unprofessional and rude. If we ever called to ask about something that concerned us they would blow us of or make us feel stupid for calling. When we took the pet in they talked down to us and didn't answer the question asked, They showed no compassion for our pet and made us (loyal customers) feel like a number.
