5	Dr petrick is an awesome dr. He helped my pain go from a 10 to a 0 in just 4 visits. I only come back if i have a crick in the neck. Hes certified in Active Release Therapy, which, he thoroughly explained, releases punched nerves by releading the muscle tissue around them. He specializes in sports injuries, but im a professional artist and he helped my cumulative shoulder injury due to drawing. Hes friendly and helpful, and so is the rest of his staff. I never believed that chiropractors were anything but quacks before i met this guy, but someone recommended him and i was in so much agony i thought id try anything. Suprise, suprise, it worked!  The doc explained that most chiropractors dont pay the extra $10 grand to get certified in this therapy, but it works WAY better than traditionsl chiropractic care. Also it works especially well for cumulative injuries (doing the same motions over and over), so if youve got pain, give him a call ! Seriously. What do you have to lose?
5	My wife, son and I have been seeing Dr. Petrick for almost ten years. No one has been able to fix my lower back issues like him.   My wife had a chronic shoulder issue that no one could fix until doc Petrick.  My son is a professional cyclist and sees him regularly for muscle tension, skeletal alignment and body maintenance. Dr. Petrick got him ready for the Olympics after a nasty crash a few weeks before heading to London when we weren't sure if he'd recover in time. The staff is friendly, competent, helpful  and appropriately playful.  I enjoy going there and have sent many friends and colleague to see them. We are long standing fans and highly recommend this practice.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Petrick's for over 3 years now. Initially I went to him after I destroyed my lower back from squats. The pain was so terrible that I could barely walk and when I managed to walk I was hunched over at a 90 degree angle. Dr. Petrick told me that he would fix my back in 10 visits using Active Release Therapy (ART), chiropractic adjustments, the traction machine, and ice. He was certainly right, 10 visits later and I was completely fixed.I now visit him once a month for full body maintenance. I train for triathlons so everything is constantly under some sort of stress. He's always there to get me right back to training if I have an issue however my monthly visits almost guarantee that doesn't happen unless I'm completely foolish.In my opinion the ART treatments are the key to his superior treatment. My previous chiropractor wasn't able to achieve even close to as good results.
5	I've known Dr. Petrick for years.  He pulled me aside one day and said he could fix my shoulder. I was like how the heck did you know!?!? Well its his job, and he just knew. Dr. Petrick, Laura, Darren and the entire staff are amazing. They run a state of the art facility and made my shoulder fell much better with only 1 visit. I know I should go again, but I'm so busy, and it just feels so much better already!  :)
5	I've seen 20+ chiropractors/pain relief doctors in my life. 40 years of drumming since I was a kid has destroyed mylower back. I have NEVER had a doctor like Dr. Petrick. He's a miracle man. Great office team around him also. Highly recommended.
