3	Nothing wrong with the place. I gave it 3 stars because it was so...how do you put it...predictable (?) for a restaurant located in DC Ranch:Loud music...checkdimly-lit space using sleek industrial lighting...checkGuys who use lots of hair products...checkWomen wearing halter tops of every shade and style...checkwaiters dressed up in ninja black...check60-year old men with their 40-year old altered-looking dates...checkThere was no mistaking, the ambiance oozed of 85255. The food was not bad. We tried quite a number of tapas selection, and not one would be considered mediocre. In fact the veal, was exceptional. Very moist and tender, the kind that would just melt in your mouth. The calamari was delectable as well. It wasn't covered completely in breading (like some restaurants do to make the pieces look bigger). You can actually see that what you're eating is deep fried squid with enough crust/breading to give it a slight garlicy-taste. The aioli dipping sauce that went with the calamari complimented the dish nicely. The surprise of my dinner was the brussel sprouts. Now, I normally don't like brussel sprouts, but this particular dish was done right. Steamed and then grilled (it seemed...I don't know, but in between sangria and wine, the different dishes I was tasting were starting to blend together), it had a lemony garlic taste that masked that somewhat bitter aftertaste that I get after ingesting mom's. You have to try it! The vibe was a bit too "cold" for me. Everyone enjoying their own little clique while sipping wine. You know the scene. The sommelier, to me, was the most animated character in that joint (of course, aside from my dining compadres). If you do decide to go, ask for David, the sommelier...he might just offer you a good deal on a very expensive decanter for a fraction of the cost...hmmm...Worth a try. They take reservations.
4	While the food at Sol Y Sombra wasn't complicated, it was certainly yummy and the service was (surprisingly given the cool vibe and the beautiful people -- I mean the staff not just the customers) totally relaxed and friendly.There we were schlepping in with our shorts and t-shirt...and without a reservation at that.   No attitude from the hostess.  Though the place was fully booked, we were happy with our bar seats...easy access to their yummy mojito and sangria..and the tapas started flowing. On my  to be repeated list were the baby back ribs (for the sweet/tart quince and sprinkle of pimenton), the asparagus with crab (loved loved the romesco sauce) and the trout with sprinkle of hazelnut and salsa verdeEverything else (calamari, pan fried potatoes, brussel sprouts, mussels in tomato broth) were all solid.  3 stars for food alone and extra star for friendly service
5	Wow.  I have been receiving emails from Sol y Sombra and my husband and I decided to check it out.  We are big fans of tapas of all varieties and the menu intrigued us.  With no reviews on Yelp we had no idea what to expect!We were expecting to go to a "traditional" Spanish restaurant but when we arrived we were treated to a very trendy lounge atmosphere.  Which, although not what we were expecting, suited us just fine.  The atmosphere is very lively with upbeat lounge music, dim lighting, couches and plush arm chairs, and loud chatter.  (What?!  What did you just say?!)   Upon being seated we were immediately welcomed by the Sommelier who selected a perfect and reasonably priced bottle of Spanish wine, one that is apparently difficult to get.  (I'm sorry, it was actually a Basque wine.)  Seeing that we were enjoying it, he wrote down the information about the wine and distributor for us so we could purchase it ourselves.There are many, many tapas choices, ranging in price from $5 to $18.  We selected 4 and it was more than enough.  Our favorite was the shrimp with garlic cream sauce.  We also had the signature Pollo Champion which was delicious and bountiful.  We also had the asparagus with crab which was a good palette cleanser between the dishes (the crab had a good citrus flavor).  Our least favorite was the crispy snail just because it didn't have enough flavor or sauce (we are so used to escargot which is drowned in garlic and butter).  We ended with the baked apple dessert which was phenomenal!  It had a salty/sweet balance which I adored.The service was great, our server was attentive the whole night and had great suggestions.  The food came out extraordinarily quickly (I'm talking 5 minutes after ordering), but we weren't rushed at all and we were able to sit and enjoy the food and experience.  All in all, the food alone with dessert was only $55 which is more than reasonable. There is ample free parking at the DC Ranch and also valet for $5 (shared with Fleming's so it's not directly in front of Sol y Sombra).  But be forewarned, it's on the second floor.Update:I've been to Sol many many times now and everytime the food is fantastic and the service is superb.  We took my little sister here (who is the pickiest eater I've ever met....the girl doesn't eat vegetables!)  and she enjoyed herself.  She was drinking soda all night and our server brought her over her own carafe of it so she could refill as she wished. Their Happy Hour is also very good.  You have to sit at the bar but they always have 5 or 6 tapas for about $5 or $6 and a few glasses of wine on special.  Definitely a nice way to unwind, especially when the sun is setting.I think that now I've tried almost all the tapas they offer (they change the menu seasonally though so it never gets boring) and I have never been disappointed.
2	Nicely decorated...cool atmosphere...but the food sucks. Just go here for a drink before or after dinner somewhere else.
2	Sometimes you can disguise mediocre food with nice packaging. That's Sol Y Sombra. Over priced for what you get. I've NEVER left there feeling like....wow....I just had a fantastic meal. Very disappointing.
5	I have to confess that I have not been able to make it to Sol y Sombra for dinner, but I am here to rave about their Sunday brunch service--of which I have become an addict.Brunch starts at 10:30, which is just about right for my girl friends and me.  I highly recommend patio seating if the weather allows.  Mimosas are tasty and the coffee is also a nice way to welcome the day.The brunch is served tapas style, per the rest of the meals served at the restaurant.  A good rule of thumb seems to be one small plate per person plus 1-2 extra to share.  The food comes out quickly so you can always order more.  After many visits, we have determined our favorites to be 1) patatas bravas (like socially-acceptable chunky french fries with a great flavor kick), 2) almond french toast (they serve it with syrup AND chocolate sauce, come on), 3) tortilla espinaca (this really interesting quiche-type dish with a bacon-infused sauce...really nice), 4) skirt steak with romesco sauce (gotta fit the protein in there somewhere).This is a great place to waste away a Sunday morning--aside from the mouth-watering food, you'll find a lovely atmosphere, great music, and calm goodness.
4	AZ Central had an intriguing review on their website, so I thought I'd give Sol y Sombra a try. I figured since it's in DC Ranch that I'd have to look "Scottsdale-presentable" (you know what I mean: trendy clothes, shoes with a little heel, cute bag...) I met friends there after work around 6:15 so it was during happy hour, meaning $5 tapas. We ordered the tortilla espanola, patatas fritas, some semi-spicy chicken dish, and calamari, which was all excellent. I don't think it was very authentic Spanish as I've been to Spain, but it was pretty good. Very good wine menu...I ordered the second grenache listed for $10. The wine was a little pricey, but the variety was impressive. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to share a bite with friends...I only wish we had time to walk around afterwards!
5	Simply amazing and completely fitting for a 500th review.  I don't know that a more lengthy first sentence can do it any better. I'll spare you from the I went to Spain bullcrap, but I do know good Spanish dining on several different levels and Sol y Sombra overdelivers like a good night in the sack, and to help others this is completely worth the 30 mile drive north for Central Phoenix dwellers. If you walk away from this review with two tidbits, just know that the Tortilla Espanola (while basic-sounding and all) is the best $5 you will spend on a dinner. EVER.  With its huge impressive wedge appearance, it is more deliciously prepared and more filling than expected.  Also know that the wine list is lengthy and very comprehensive, but in an excellent way.  While I love Lola Tapas in Central Phoenix for its urban and sophisticated simplicity, this is one area in which it can't compete.While the evening was more delightful because of our mailing-list 50-percent-off skillz, it should be even more noteworthy that such a thing is possible if you get off your duffs and give a brotha your email. Among other highlights would be the Pollo Colonial (a savory mix of sweet and spicy chicken curry), Grilled Calamari, Spicy Garlic Aioli Grilled Prawns, Grilled Asparagus.  But the most surprising of the night were the grilled brussel sprouts.  WTF?  I don't even like that shit.  But they grilled them with garlic, olive oil and seasoning, and if you do it that way it is ten times better than any veggie a teen would hate.  The Patatas Brava were just ok.  I still ate them, but they were a little more crispy than I care for.The setting was impressive.  The dining room is grand, stylish and luxe in its understated way -- so symbolic of Madrid.  The layout and colors are complementary, trendy and tasteful all at once.  The patio is incredible if you can swing it.  There is not a bad seat in the house as the views from the second floor at DC Ranch are all great.The host was accommodating given we were 10 minutes late (and called ahead) and the servers and sommelier were definitely helpful and steered us toward the right white wine we wanted for taste and value without trying to do the whole upselling crap.  The wine was excellent and was so fragrant and inviting that Melissa's purse had to have a taste.Sol y Sombra is a definite five star destination restaurant that is worth it if you're coming from Central Phoenix, West Valley or SE Valley.
5	If Sol y Sombra were a person, I would marry it.  I would have to break out my thesaurus to come up with enough adjectives to say how simply awesome it is.The inside is sleek, sophisticated, and sexy. The outdoor patio is a little oasis offering a view of DC Ranch. Service is impeccable...the waiters and bartenders are so friendly and very good at helping to make drink recommendations. My husband and I arrived a few minutes early for our group's 5 pm dinner reservation this past Saturday and didn't realize they didn't open until 5 pm. A staff member had ridden up in the elevator with us and said it was OK for us to come in, so we sat at the bar and saw the staff put the finishing touches before opening (it took me back to my waitress days). My husband ordered a beer while we waited and when we went to pay when our dining companions arrived, he was only charged $2.50 which was so nice.The food and drinks are out of this world.  The wine list is comprehensive and offers something for everyone.  The Albarino is delicious...so delicious in fact that my clutch purse wanted some (I accidentally spilled some when I was there with friends...too many mojitos at the pool beforehand I suppose). There is a good beer selection, ranging from domestics to imports...they even have a Spanish beer made in Germany (Estrella).  The champagne I have tried is really good as well, as was this "Aqua" shot I tried.  The food itself is heavenly, although some things I liked one time were not as good this past time, and vice versa. By not as good, I mean only 4.5 stars as opposed to 5!The dishes I have tried and loved include: tortilla espanola, pollo colonial (better the first time I had it), soft lettuce with manchego cheese and rioja vinaigrette (the vinaigrette gave the dish a great flavor), pan con tomate, calamari (I liked how there weren't many squidy pieces since those aren't my favorite), and the patatas bravas (better the second time I had them). My husband also tried the asparagus (really liked the romesco sauce that came with it) and the shrimp.  We had the poached apple for dessert this past Saturday and even though I swore I wouldn't have a bite, I caved...it was so good!Even if gas gets to $6/gallon, I will still drive up to DC Ranch to eat at Sol. That is how good it is.
5	Can a cocktail and tapas on a Wednesday night be sexy?The answer...YES!  very...very...sexy...I had the esteemed pleasure of dining at Sol Y Sombra this evening with my best friend and we had a beautiful experience.  We made a reservation for 6:30 with hopes of participating in happy hour but sadly this only takes place at the bar area (really should have studied the yelp reviews first).  Notice that they still receive 5 stars...4 tapas and several cocktails later, we realized that we had just spent our evening (and a few days paycheck) in paradise.  From the decor to the service to the delicious food to the sangria, this was a perfect evening.Great place to take a date, a group, or anyone you want to impress.  In fact, I actually  almost feel like a cooler person (is it possible?) since dining at Sol Y Sombra...I must return (especially for happy hour)!
5	Sol y Sombra was really far to drive from South Phoenix, but was totally worth it - the tapas were really high-quality and flavorful for the price. We had reserved a table on OpenTable.com but were about 20 minutes late (we took the first Pima Road exit on 101 instead of the second - anyone know what I'm talking about?!), so we got seated at a table in the bar area. It was definitely a good spot for people-watching but not as romantic (or quiet) as some of the tables in the main area seemed. Oh well! At least we got to see some of Scottsdale's best (and worst) dressed. I went to a really elite prep school in Los Angeles, but I was on financial aid and never really part of the in crowd. When I would sit around imagining what my cool peers did together in their spare time, I imagined something like the bar scene at Sol Y Sombra - girls in flowered dresses and heels flitting around guys in European wear with expensive watches. Ah, well, I digress. The tapas were simply delicious. We had the tortilla espanola, stuffed piquillo pepper, sauteed clams (or were they mussels?) with chorizo, baby back ribs, calamari, manchego cheese/serrano ham/fig. The calamari was a real standout - as my husband commented, this calamari's crust was what restaurants are trying to achieve when they say that their calamari is "lightly fried." To finish the meal, we had the vanilla scented grilled pear with goat cheese and almonds. It might be one of the best things I've ever tried and it was the perfect end to the meal. All told, the food we had (7 dishes) was about $80. My Matador cocktail (tasted like tequila with orange juice) was $8. Not too bad for really light, fresh, flavorful tapas! And if you felt marginalized in highschool, you might feel empowered showing up and being one of  (or near) the in crowd at Sol y Sombra. Just don't forget to dress your best!
5	This place is so friggin good. I have been to Sol Y Sambra twice and loved it both times. Very veggie friendly, too!
4	We came here on a Sunday at 11 for brunch. Unfortunately, a bad time for people watching.  Besides our table of 3, there was only one other table (father/daughter) occupied.  I was a little disappointed but not too surprised considering DC Ranch's 'remote' location.However, the staff was friendly and the tapa's were great (especially the almond french toast), but if you're hungry, order big or go home.  The bartender gave us mimosa's on the house and after ordering 5 dishes, the bill only came to $45.00, split between the 3 of us.  I can see this place being a lot of fun at the right time, and very romantic as well.  I'd like to go again, but likely not for brunch.
5	I've been here about a dozen times and every time has been a great experience (really fun for groups with a ton of small plates in the middle of the table). During the high season, best to get a reservation but this last Wednesday, pretty quiet.  The food is amazing as is the decor.  When they seated us, the host asked if I wanted a pillow for my high backed chair-nice!  The service was great-staff is laid back and personable (knowledgeable, too).  I stick to the veggie fare, but my hubby goes for the meat dishes. They have plenty of great wines (we stay in the $40-50 range and still fabulous-you can go way up from there , but..). Topped it off with an espresso martini and was good to go.  Dress: casual/hip/sexy. Can't wait to go back.
5	By far the best tapas in AZ. Perhaps the best tapas i have ever had. Great Spanish wine list. Wifey can eat veggie (which I can sample) but the meat dishes are out of this world. The Pollo Colonial is a must. The staff is personable and knowledgeable. The crowd, atmosphere and music make it a perfect place for eats, drinks and fun.
4	ok: consIts not in my neighborhoodits a little priceyits loud and crowdedprosfood is greatservice is decentwine and drinks are goodgood looking people in strange outfits
3	First thank you to Yelp, Gabi and Sol Y Sombra for the gift card it made me go back and visit a lot quicker. I love the decor here! The booths are so comfy, you may never want to leave and that could be very dangerous here! Unfortunately I am with the minority on this one after this visit. I wanted to make it here for brunch but that didn't happen so dinner it was. There wasn't too many other parties it was pretty empty in there when we arrived. Off season and no Sommelier this day. We sat inside first and ordered some Peroni (am I the only one who finds an Italian beer here a little weird?) to drink. Some tomato bread which the server promptly corrected me "You mean Pan con Tomate?!? Yes I wont touch that one. Then the Tortilla Espanola I tried those at the OYE already and they were delicous I would probably come here just for those!Now we had forgotten there was happy hour and were told it was only on the patio or at the bar, we thought it was a tad odd considering the place was so empty. So we decided we'd like to move out on the patio mind you HH was almost over. So the waitress tells us that we would have to close out the bill then move outside where she would be our server again. Huh?? The hub asked what he thought was a manager if it would be a problem he was just a waiter and told us "Yes that will be a problem" so after a lot of looking at each other like WTF our waitress finally gets the manager please forgive me I am so bad w names people. He came over and told us we didnt have to move if we wanted that we could order off the HH menu. Thank you! At that time we decided to move outside anyway for the view, they helped move all our stuff over after that dilemma everything went pretty smoothly.We continued with the soft lettuce it was really good the almonds were awesome but I cant say anything special about the sauce unfortunately. Next came the calamari def worth trying its a good size portion and worth every penny. The shrimp I will probably pass on next time they were ok not worth 4 for $16 eh I did not think they were that special tasting but they were big. Then there was the piquillo pepper it was stuffed with tuna I was expecting raw tuna or something not canned, it wasn't spicy at all. Think tuna salad but there was capers instead of pickles it wasnt anything special go for something else or I'd suggest it for lunch more than anything. We did not have any dessert nothing really appealed to us on the menu so we just ordered another round of drinks the mojito I had for desert was ok as well.This place reminds me of the Scottsdale stereo type where I was not blown away by the food and the normal overpriced drinks I can see this being a neutral watering hole where the cougar and trout come out of their lairs to play simultaneously during the cooler months. I did not see anyone dressed up so I am guessing thats more of a night thing. Overall this experience was 2 stars the ambiance and the drinks get one more. Super Strong drinks here and with the possibility that I ordered the wrong things this time I will be back to try more stuff and figure out what I like. I want to give more stars I really really do,  hopefully things wont be too confusing next time.
4	I went up to DC Ranch on a first date, new to the area so it was new to me. She suggested we initially meet here, but then changed her mind and this was our second stop. I was impressed with the space. It was a Friday night and I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded. We started there around 9. The bar is very trendy looking. We asked if we could be seated outside mainly because the music was just too loud. Granted I don't mind loud music, but considering hardly any one was in there and the  mood felt like it should have been more intimate, it was overstated. We did get to sit in a booth outside which was very nice. The booths were semicircle with high leather backs. On the table was this large candle holder. It looked like a glass brick which was about two feet high and six inches thick. And yes the glass was thick so the light was very dim. Normally I wouldn't complain about that, but when I asked to see the bar menu, it was close to impossible. I asked the waiter for more light so he brought over three of these things. Still not enough light. I finally asked another waiter who was walking by if he had a flashlight just so we could read the menu. And oddly he did have one of those pocket ones. FINALLY! I thought that was nice of him to do that. The night was very relaxing and from where we sat, there was a great painting with vibrant colors on the wall. It looked nice enough to want it in my house. I never asked the waiter for it though. We stayed there about an hour and a half and just talked.
4	This was my first encounter with Tapas and I have got to say, it was amazing!! My sister and I got the oppurtunity to attend the Yelp Elite Event held here, and we really enjoyed ourselves.It's a FAAAR drive from my house (almost an hour!) but it was nice to have a change in scenary and pace. So we took my car out there and when we got there, we rode the elevator and were very impressed with their amazing decor. Swanky, fresh, and lusty... it was casual, chic and comfortable at the same time!We were met with a very helpful staff who enjoyed seeing our reactions to all the great food! Maybe it was the entire pitcher of sangria I had to myself... but those were the BEST damned baby back ribs I have ever had! Sweet, spicy and falling off the bone! They were so succlent, I wanted to cry. I had a chance to talk with their head chef and complimented them on all the great food, the asparagus was devine as was the chorizo and potato dish! My favorite for the night! I guessed how it was made and wasn't told a THING! DAMNIT! (grrr!) I fell in love with the Spanish tortilla which is more like a frittata or really thick omlette. Every dish was spot on and made me want to cry... or was that the entire pitcher of sangria again? I unno, but it was incredible and the back patio was amazing! Perfect for parties and out door dining. I would recommend this for anyone willing to travel to it's far north location.To my yelpers: if this is far for you, like it's far for me... I still say GO! Give sitting indoors a try and tell me how it goes. Order the baby back ribs and chorizo potatos and be ready to beg the chef for the secret recipe like I did! Try the sangria, but don't drink the entire pitcher like I did... I wound up talking about Dominatrix Dungens in an Applebee's parking lot that night!! Not a pretty sight! :(
3	I finally hit up the happy hour here I have to say I probably wont be back. The service was great, our server was really cool and helpful. The decor very nice, outside had great views. I ordered the chicken thing on the tapas menu. BAD! It tasted like Chinese food for 1. For two they used what I I believed was wing meat and left the skin on. It tasted like a mayo Asian grease dish. We also got the potato thingy on the tapas. I will say the texture they got the potato's to was amazing, then they screwed the whole thing up with the sauce. It was like a vinegar paprika sauce. Seriously this food tasted like it was made at like a friends house who is a pretty good cook.........at her house. This was not chef quality. The last tapas we got was this broccoli with an onion sauce. This was actually really really good. I would eat this all day, but for 5 dollars, which is not alot they give you 3 half's of large broccoli sprigs. Since the potato's were like eating a badly seasoned douche bag, the waitress took them back and we ordered a dessert instead. Of course I asked if they used anything with trans fat and the server went and asked the kitchen. She came back and said they cooks were like NO WAY!!! This made me feel really good. We got the chocolate tart, very good.
4	I hate to be predictable and rave about the happy hour, but I have to rave about the happy hour. YUMMY! All the $1 tapas items are GREAT. Especially the tortilla espanola, ham croquettes, bacon wrapped stuffed dates, do I have your attention yet? I paired these little loves with a few of the 'Matador' drinks ($5 at happy hour). I know that there is tequila in them, don't ask me to remember the rest! All I know is "it tastes so good when it hits your lips"! A cocktail that isn't overly sweet with a great kick. Everything was great, loved the atmosphere. There were 12 of us, we had lots and lots of nibbles, drinks, and the bill was just about $200. You do the math.... that's a GREAT deal! Seems like a great place for a date, a girls night out, a place you want to go to impress, dress and de-stress....
3	Came here for drinks (no food) after dinner. It was pretty noisey inside so we headed out to the patio. It was great. It was a chilly night so my boyfriend and I had a couch under a heat lamp and a blanket (which they provided) and the patio all to ourselves. I enjoyed a couple of great glasses of wine and they played music in the background.
5	Just a quick update to note that I have now been here for dinner several times, and I reiterate my 5-star rating.
5	I love living near this place.  I'm a big fan of tapas and have tasted nearly everything on the menu, as well as brunch (which is AMAZING).  A couple of items not to miss are the octopus, the fried anchovies, and the brussles sprouts.  David is also great with his wine selection.  Be sure to ask him for help if you don't know your Spanish varietals.  Don't miss this place if you are in the mood for great food and wonderful decor.  The place is hoppin as well later at night.
5	Yesterday I met three girlfriends at Sol y Sombra for brunch at noon. I had made a reservation, but when we arrived, it was apparent it was not necessary because the entire inside was empty and there was only one couple on the patio. By the time we left at 2 pm, only one other table on the patio was sat. I'm thinking that many people may not know Sol has brunch since they are only open for dinner every other night of the week.The only disappointing part of Sol's brunch is that there are only two "breakfast" choices on the menu - almond french toast served with a side of maple syrup and a side of chocolate sauce and a egg, cheese and chorizo sandwich. We ordered both, as well as Sol favorites tortilla espagnola, artichokes, patatas bravas, gambas, and scallops. I liked the egg sandwich because it did not have a ton of chorizo on it, nor a very chorizo-like flavor (can you tell I'm not a fan of chorizo?). The almond french toast was really good and a hit with our group, although we all decided we preferred it with the maple syrup rather than the chocolate sauce. One of my dining companions had never been to Sol before (the other three of us had), but now she can't wait to go back for dinner.The two best parts of brunch (other than the fabulous food) were $5 mimosas and the fact that we had a coupon for half off our brunch (my friend received it when she dined at Sol for NYE), so our total bill came to $57.
5	My guy and I LOVE this place.  We left so happy with our experience that we couldn't stop talking about it for days!  The tapas is gourmet and absolutely fabulous!  The drinks were wonderful as well.  The decor is AWESOME!  The staff was great.  We had a reservation on a Friday night and we needed it.  Honestly, the only thing that we did not like about this restaurant is that it was EXPENSIVE!  Everything else is kick-ass!
4	This place is just down the road from me and I wish I frequented it more often. It's got a distinct DC Ranch vibe, so be forewarned, you should put on your nice shoes before you head out. The food is so vibrant, though. Don't expect the stuffy steaks and salmon fillets you'd find at other spots in the neighborhood. I've been a couple of times and each time I've been pleased. The atmosphere is lively and loud, but it's got an intimate, classy interior and a rockin' patio that overlooks the McDowells. I've heard people complain that the employees are too stuffy, but I've never had a problem. Their bar rules, the cocktails are pricey but extremely satisfying and the desserts do not disappoint.I just have to go ahead and recommend about every damn thing on the menu. It's constantly revolving, so I won't get too specific, but think spicy Spanish plates to share. They have excellent homefry-like little nuggets of spuds that are dipped in a spicy red aoili and fried up. I had a piece of grouper that was unbelievable. And the beef spare rib fell off the bone, and had some nice spice and smokiness. Overall, it's a great weekend spot... even better with a bigger group so you can try lots of plates and share. It's hard to find any tapas spots this far north, and it's certainly one of the better spots in the neighborhood.
5	Yea. this place rocks. It's fun - food is great - it's a WONDERFUL place to take out of towners, business cohorts, and friends. The food is just superb.The service CAN BE spotty - but I wouldn't knock them down a star just for that.It just rocks.
4	I'm officially in love with Sol Y Sombra. I wasn't sure if I had room in my heart to love another tapas place, but turns out I'm shameless and can love many at one time. My visit to Sol y Sombra was on a beautiful spring evening. Mr. Hottie and I decided to go out on a date. There was a nice breeze so we chose to sit outside. We were greeted by a server that was QUITE enthusiastic almost to the point of annoyance, but hey he was friendly and attentive. We looked over the menu and I suggested that we order every single item on it. I was reigned in and made to pick out 6 dishes. We ordered the: *Tortilla Espanola -amazing, I could have devoured the whole slice by myself. *Brussels sprouts- I didn't like them. For some reason the cook must have gone crazy with the lemon. We sent them back. *Chilled Asparagus w/Romanesco sauce- YUM! Big thick spears of asparagus covered with a creamy red sauce. *Gambas a la plancha- LARGE shrimp with a garlic aioli. The shrimp were tender and juicy. Fantastic. *Skirt steak ala plancha with romanesco sauce- tender, juicy nice char flavor and more of that glorious sauce. We washed it all down with copious amounts of sangria and I was in heaven! I will CERTAINLY return to Sol y Sombra again! It was a relaxing spot with great food and good service.
4	Funny thing to say, I have to agree with ALL of the reviews. The food is very fresh and well thought out (althought the chicken dish left much to be desired... it DID taste like wing meat and imparted a not-so-pleasant aftertaste). The decor is a little cold, too contemporary; it might cozy things up to add a few softer touches, like more flowers, softer art. The industrial feel didn't mesh with the warmth of Spanish food. Anyway, the four of us enjoyed each dish, and the lightness of the flavors, but it is easy to rack up a $160 tab (with only four alcoholic and two non-alcoholic drinks) by ordering 9 plates and two desserts. In all honesty, we wanted a taste of everything because of the variety on the menu. The chocolate tort was outstanding! But I have to say, my lasting impression is that I am not likely to return, only because the food was just good, not overly memorable. To get the context of my tastes, we enjoy Chelsea's, LGO, Barrio Cafe, Zinc Bistro...By all means, try this restaurant. It is worth a visit.
4	very good. we sat at the bar to get the happy hour prices.  all the tapas were 5 bucks.  the sangria was very good and strong.  The bartenders were easy on the eyes. I loved the olives with piquillo peppers and pickled garlic. it was just the same as I have had in Spain. it wasn't cheap, we still spent about $60 just on tapas and two drink each but we left full and happy. If we lived in AZ we'd be back at least once a month.
4	Also found this place on Yelp, and Yelpers were very helpful again.  With all these reviews, I'll just say that the olives, tortilla, and calamari were all great.  The artichoke was also great, though messy to eat--I recommend it but eating it around people you are not trying to impress.  Dave had the duck, and gives it a 7 on a scale of 1-10.  I don't eat duck, so I didn't try it.  I did try the white and red sagrias, as well as the matador and the mojito.  All drinks were very tasty and great additions to our meal.  For dessert we had the chocolate tart--delicious.Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.  We did have a hard time finding the place, even once we were in the parking lot and in front of a map.  You have to go find the stairs, then go up them, then find the door.  This place could have been easier to find.
3	I really wanted to like this place, I did. What with the tapas and the good reviews it has, I figured that I was in for a real treat. And while the ambiance of the restaurant definitely delivered - a cool, dark interior with comfy booths and high-back chairs isn't somthing I scoff at - the food, well...it left something to be desired. Let me commend our waitress though, because she was great - no complaints about the service itself. And also: my diet coke came with its own carafe...how cool is that? Definitely an awesome idea.Now for the bad news: the tapas themselves. We began by asking for our waitress' recommendations on food, and ended up ordering four dishes that she mentioned (five total):  -  Tortilla Espanola: This was one that she didn't mention, but some Yelpers did, so we started with what appeared to be potatoes au gratin, minus the cheese, served in the form of deep-dish pie with sour cream drizzled on top. That's the best way I know how to describe it. And it was pretty good, but...very rich. A little more than I was wanting/expecting for my first dish, but this one we actually did end up finishing.  -  Calamari with smoked paprika and citrus aioli: I'm an ailoi fan myself, but something about this particular one didn't do it for me...it was just way too citrus-y, I think. I'm pretty sure that we only ended up eating half the bowl - and it wasn't a huge bowl.  -  Grilled short ribs with Salbitxada and green onion: short ribs are probably one of my fav dishes of all time, so believe me when I say I've had a few in my lifetime - and these were just not cutting it in any way. I'm willing to admit that this could just be because they were too underdone for my taste, which is, of course, a matter of preference. But even the outer, more done parts didn't have great flavor, and the bizarre stuff underneath wasn't exactly delectable...I took a bite of it, having no clue what it was, and was quite unpleasantly surprised by the flavor/texutre...yikes. We didn't end up finishing this dish, either.  -  Seared Alaskan halibut with carrot sauce and dungeness crab salad: All of the components of this dish just sort of...clashed. It's hard to explain, but the weird flavor combo completely overshadowed what was actually pretty decent halibut...how sad.  -  Grilled brocolli, caramelized onion sauce, sea salt and olive oil: This was probably the best thing we ordered...pretty good flavor and grilled. Still, not good enough to get again.None of the food was spit-it-into-your-napkin-because-you-can't-swallow-it bad (if it was, this place would be getting a heck of a lot fewer stars than 3), but it just...wasn't that good. I don't think I'd order any of the items that we got again. Granted, they have a lot of other dishes on their menu, but...these were all things that our waitress recommended! So if these are their top-shelf dishes, I don't see much reason for me to ever come back.
4	Great place for tapas! I really enjoy this restaurant for a couple reasons. 1 being that they change the menu constantly and 2 being that each item on the menu is always good. Some are better than others, but the worst thing on their menu is good.I love going with 2 or 3 other people so we can order a variety of things and I can try new and different kinds of food. Sol Y Sombra is always a nice change of pace from other Scottsdale eateries. Nice cocktail and wine list also.
5	Such a great place- Great ambiance & atmosphere and the food is incredible.Strongly suggest to any newbies to try the Pollo Colonial w/ sweet and spicy glaze and the patatas Bravas: [spicy potatoes] the portions are enough for 2 (in some cases). Chase that meal with some of their House Sangria and you are set. The staff was very friendly and courteous. If you're looking to take your significant other out or possibly going out for a first date, this is a great place.
