5	After breaking my arm, Stacy got me in several times to wash and braid my hair.  She never turned me away when I walked in without an appointment and got me in and out fast.  She was always pleasant and helpful.
3	Kiara is my stylist.  She is very good.The atmosphere could use some sprucing up.  It got stuck in the 80's with its green and peach coloring.  If they have any spare money at all - please, please give this place a face lift.They say no food and drink which i don't get.  Well the food part i do, but i sneak my starbucks in all the time.  I'm there for a while, i need to be hydrated.I had one poor experience with a receptionist, can't remember her name but i haven't seen her recently.  Otherwise everyone is very friendly.
4	I knew someone who recommended Arizona Hair Co but I always am skeptical of chains.  This time was different. Both my toddlers were agreeable to a haircut and my last haircut was 4 months ago.  I normally have to squeeze in an appt during my lunch hour.  But yesterday, a Saturday, my kids were done playing at Chuck E Cheese's in Ahwatukee and I noticed the salon still open.  Because every free minute counts, I took a chance and walked in.  $10 only for a kids cut, yeah.  Then after only waiting less than 5 minutes (there were 5-6 stylists this day after 4pm) both my kids were in booster seats.  After looking over the stylists who seemed trendy and experienced, I asked for a cut, too. Nicole was very quick and experienced.  I have never looked so good with straight hair!  She put long layers in and I can't believe I didn't give them a try sooner.  I usually go to Carsten's Aveda School of Cosmetology on Rural in Tempe for its location and scalp massages.  I will definitely go back to the Ahwatukee location of Arizona Hair Co.  My kids' hair turned out very nice, too!
5	I brought my daughter in on a whim when she asked for highlights in her hair. I was excited because she had dyed her hair dark & I was longing for her lighter locks to return. We luckily got Holly Hamper as our stylist. She brought my daughter to her station & quickly made her comfortable...talked to her like she had known her forever. Not only was Holly very personable & professional, but she was competent & spot on with her coloring!  My daughter received the best, natural, transition highlights!  I was so pleased with my daughters hair that I brought my boyfriend in for a haircut. This is a man who has "cut" his own hair for 20 years & begrudgingly agreed to growing his hair a little longer & to getting a real haircut by a professional. I understand his fear of the stylist because he has incredibly thick, coarse hair that many stylists had butchered in the past. Holly once again saved the day. She gave him a cut that changed his stubborn mind about stylists. He...now willingly...will be returning to Holly for his regular haircuts. And I'm happy because his hair now has shape!Thanks Holly!  You're the best!
5	After a bad bleaching job done by another place, Stacey got me in right away. She was pleasant, patient, and all around she made me feel at home, which is exactly what I needed. She was very good in her recommendations and spot on with the color I wanted. She toned my hair which only took 20 minutes and I am super happy with the results. Such a life saver she is! Thanks again
