4	Rusty Zip is a spin off of Armstrong's, and has all the quality of the vintage outlet crammed into this compact shop.Armstrong's is sprawled out in a vast space, but I quite liked being able to pick through the packed railings in here without having to travel too far! Garments are nicely ordered, well displayed (as you would expect from an Armstrong's store) and have the same fun, frilly vintage appeal. There are spangles galore, not to mention a decent selection of beaten up cowboy boots.It's worth noting that the clothes shipped off to this outlet are considerably cheaper than in Armstrong's proper, with sparkly 70s disco boob tubes coming in at a fiver! They had some nice leather jackets cheaper than I've seen elsewhere, and a good selection of clothing for guys. They had some great offers on denim shirts - if you buy a denim jacket you get one for free! The shirts were dirt cheap as it was and with denim making a big comeback this season, I can see their Lee shirts selling out faster than a speeding bullet.The staff were friendly and relaxed, going about their business while leaving me free to browse. It's a bit more laid back than Armstrong's and with more bargains. Love it!
4	As previous reviewers have mentioned, the Rusty Zip is a little sister of Armstrong's, one of the biggest vintage clothes stores in the City. The Rusty Zip is quite small but crammed full with garments, trinkets and accessories. I personally am a fan of their leather post man bags.My flatmate loved their shoes, which were in very good condition, and not to mention affordable, considering they were leather boots. Their cashmere jumpers are quite nice, and they have a good selection of men's clothing as well. Prices vary depending on the garment in question, and their are some true vintage pieces in here. Whether or not you would ever wear them, or if you question if vintage shops are just over-priced second-hand shops I will leave that to you. I still like the quirky finds in this shop and it's down-to-earth attitude to it's stock. (they even have 70's disco glitter boots for your Abba fever party- not just brand stuff)
