5	Being from Chicago you know authentic Chicago-style pizza, and Pie Town did it!They even have Chicago Dogs and Italian Beef.  If you know great Chicago Pizza, you will really appreciate this place!
5	I recommend that Curtis give this place another try-- Those sound like growing pains of an immensely good (new) pizza joint.  This place pH conditions the water to match Chicago water, the dog's were delicious, and they have bottle of Green River.Chicago finally done right in Vegas!
2	While I'm not from Chicago, I did live there 6 months. Long enough to know good pizza! I ordered a small pizza and a corn dog from them. Points for having corn dogs, it was a yummy defrosted corn dog.. no complaints there. My fiance was very happy to have a corn dog with his pizza (yes I'm marrying someone that likes to have a corn dog and pizza for dinner, but that's another issue). The pizza .. now that was the problem. It sucked! So to explain Chicago pizza.. it should be thin-ish on the bottom, but thick on the sides and top.. sort of like a pie. Yes, a pie. The pizza should when sliced, look like a thick piece of pie. My pizza was about half an inch tall. Maybe just the 9 inch comes out tiny, but seriously I had 10 inch pies in chicago frequently that came out awesome. This one was very similar to those nasty frozen pizzas from pizza hut you buy at the airport. A complete disappointment. We had one slice and threw it away.. If you like Giordannos, or Lou Malnati's, or REAL delicious chicago pizza you will be sorely disappointed by this crap.
2	This place is in my neighborhood and I decided to support a local business instead of going to a chain like Little Caesar's or something. The pizza was mediocre and the price was high. Perfect. The veggies on my pizza were basically raw and the sauce did not taste good.
5	When I was recently out in Vegas I was told about this Authentic Chicago style Pizza place, Pie Town.  Living out west for 10 years I always crave a good Chicago style Pizza and have never been impressed.  When I walked in the door I could tell by the smell I had come home.  I orderd a medium deep dish sausage and was told it would take about 30 minutes.  Looking at the menu I couldn't resist some of the flavors from my child hood so I had a dog wiht all the fixin's, and some of the garlic knots.  They have it right all the way down to the electric green relish.  30 minutes seemed like it would be a while but once that pizza came it was worth the wait.  In fact, the pizza was so good I went back on my way out of town and brought three large pizza's to stick in my fridge.  Well done Pie Town.
3	After 3 visits, it's about time i write somethin' up !first visit - a slice and a chicago dog - keep the pizza, give me the dog !2nd visit - grilled polish dog w/ grilled onions.  The polish sausage was soggy, grilled onions not cooked long enough3rd visit -  italian beef / wet - big sammie !  should've gone dry - the bun was soaked !  also tried some Chicago soda - the name escapes me - it tasted like a melted snow coneI gotta give props on the service - Very pleasant, engaging group of workers.  They care .  I'm guessing a once/quarter visit for a dog with some fresh relish and celery salt.
5	I have been going to Pie Town Pizza since it opened. The deep dish Pizza is delicious and hearty. The Caesars Salad with chicken is also very good, very prompt service and staff has been pleasant when I have been there. The deep fried twinkie is also very tasty
