5	After months of contemplating trying Laughing Buddha, my husband and I committed to going for a month. The price per membership of unlimited yoga seemed a bit pricey compared to other studios in Charlotte; however, its convenient location and class times made it easier for us to spend the money. In addition, once we tried three classes we realized it is worth every penny! They offer a variety of plans to meet your yoga fix besides unlimited usage.The instructors are top quality! It speaks volumes to me when the owner also takes the classes...it indicates that she values the classes and it's quality assurance. I love the mind, body, spirit approach! Not only do I get a fabulous workout, I also take a message away from each class. I  feel welcomed each time I go and they make an effort to know your name. The other members are very friendly as well. I have been practicing yoga for over three years and I have to admit these classes are the most challenging I've experienced. I am thrilled with Laughing Buddha!
5	After months of being on a yoga hiatus, I renewed my committment to my yoga practice. Upon entering Laughing Buddha again, I was immediately greeted BY NAME with a smile and each staff member saying, "welcome back!" Talk about feeling a sense of belongingness!The quality of instruction is superb! They find the right balance between music, fitness, and message.The studio is clean and has a good smell (unlike some of the other studios I've visited that smell a bit sour). They also sell some great retail items if you forget something or just want to add to your wardrobe. (I'm in love with some earrings that I keep eyeing each time I walk in.)For those of you needing a studio in support of any new year's resolutions, this is the place!
5	I survived my first yoga experience with the help of Laughing Buddha.  Everyone we came into contact with was SO friendly and helpful.  The girl checking us in at the front register answered all of our questions so politely and full of detail.  Our yoga instructor introduced herself to us and welcomed us to the class, telling us that it was okay to do just what we could and to follow along the best we could.  We held our own with the rest of the class, which was a mixture of amateurs and -- for lack of a better term -- professionals.  At first, I thought everyone knew what they were doing.  I was going along with the flow, following some of the students' moves when I didn't have a good visual of the instructor.  I started following one student that I could see behind me when I was in an arched position.  That's when I realized there were more amateurs in the room than I had originally assumed.  The two of us weren't following the rest of the class!   So then I just looked silly and hoped the other student didn't think I was mocking her!  The class was a HOT yoga class.  It wasn't what we were expecting for a first-time out, but it wasn't terribly bad either.  Plus, it was a lot more energetic than I was thinking it would be.  My heartrate was definitely way up.  I'm glad we lasted the entire 75 minutes and was even gladder when that 75 minutes was over.  We rested at the end with our eyes shut.  Suddenly, I felt my feet getting rubbed.  It felt so amazing after the workout, I didn't care who was doing it.  I assumed it was the instructor going around the room with everyone, but I didn't open my eyes to see.  I was in too much in a state of bliss. :)  After the restful period, the instructor came up and congratulated us for sticking it out with the class.  It was this kind of personal service that made us really appreciate the experience.
5	It's because of Laughing Buddha and the wonderful staff that I now practice yoga regularly. After many failed attempts, in many studios, I finally found a place that perfectly balances the spiritual and physical aspects of yoga. They take the practice seriously, but always with a sense of humor and respect for others. I never feel better than after a class at Laughing Buddha. Namaste!
5	I had a great yoga day today - my first experience. Laughing Buddha was a very comfortable environment and the instructor, Dia, was a breath of calming air. She was helpful, supportive, and instructive without missing a beat or making anyone feel insecure or yoga-ignorant. The studio had super clean showers that allowed me to not leave wringing wet. The other great feature was the clean air system in this place - the air was fresh the whole time and the temperature was ideal - such a nice place. I highly recommend anyone with, or without, yoga experience to give this place a try - you will feel at home!
5	I am more of a Crossfit kind of guy but decided to go here with a friend and this is a first class yoga joint all the way.  The front desk lady (Elsa?) was awesome and friendly for my first time and the instructor (Stacey?) made sure that I knew the moves that were being done and helped me out and even remembered my name and addressed me by my name throughout and at the end.  I am not very flexible but did my best and despite what guys might think about "yoga" - this Thursday night class kicked my a$$ = a little sore today.  The facilities were nice too - showers for men and the yoga room was very welcoming in style.Namaste...
5	Love this studio.  Every time I have gone I have liked the class and every teacher I have had, and Im a bit of a yoga snob so that is saying something.  Its "hot" but not too hot for me.  I like that its a little advanced so I dont get bored but they dont push you to do anything your not ready for.  At the same time I really love seeing and trying different arm balances and advanced poses-(I thinking working on new things is really important to keep me interested in working out) just not in an environment that is too pushy, if im not feeling like trying it that day, they are cool with it.  Love the Karma classes.  The studio is simple and clean.Ainsley and Stacey are both great teachers but as I said, everyone I have tried has been good.  One suggestion- I like about 5 minutes of ab work in every yoga class.  Not a ton, just enough to get those abs workin a little more :) Otherwise, nicely done Laughing Buddha!Now that I have visited a few other studios in Charlotte I like laughing buddha even more, I have practiced for a long time and have times when Im going for it and want a very intense workout and times when I just want to take it easy and get a moderate workout. I feel NO pressure here, modify as I want, sometimes to make it more advanced sometimes to take it easy on my back... there is not that sense of competition here that there is elsewhere.
5	one of my favorite studios in charlotte, nice big space, excellent facilities and great instructors. also nice that earthfare is across the street. If you havent been I suggest you check out, especially if you are new to yoga... all welcome!
5	Best yoga studio I've ever been to.  I've never left a class without being drenched and feeling amazing.  They have fantastic music (in my opinion) as well - most classes are upbeat - the fusion class in particular is my favorite -  half yoga, half plyometrics/cardio and weights.  They also have basic and restorative classes if you're not in the mood for a hard workout and your body just needs some tlc.  No need to feel intimated by the  yoga experience here either!  Everyone is so friendly and very welcome to new yogis.
5	Dawn's classes (the owner) are not to be missed! She is inspirational, funny as heck and puts together some mighty fine sequencing. One of my fave studios in Charlotte.
4	Amazing yoga studio!  I have never been to a bad class here.  Laughing Buddha offers a wide range of different types of yoga, from gentle, relaxing classes to hard core heated power yoga. Dawn, the owner, is a fantastic teacher and is definitely my favorite.  Her power class is insane and will seriously make you sweat more than you ever thought possible!  The yogis who come to this studio are very friendly and considerate, a plus when you are packed in close to each other sweating profusely!  Definitely my favorite yoga place in Charlotte (and I've tried a lot!).  Would highly recommend it to yogis of all levels.
5	Laughing Buddha is the absolute best yoga studio in Charlotte. I have tried several, but none come close to "The Buddha". Classes are killer and challenging. I typically go to Power Yoga led by Dawn, Jana, Edith or Little Dawn and these have been some of the most amazing practices I have ever experienced. It is acutely obvious these instructors are knowledgeable and dedicated to helping you connect at all levels of your practice. Being an avid runner, my body tends to be somewhat stiff; however, I have increased flexibility and strength, plus I have marked growth in my practice since starting at The Laughing Buddha a few years ago.
2	Holy southpark wives!Initally, the studio looks very modern, unique and cool. The receptionist kinda ruined the warm inviting feeling as she had a snarky attitude. At a YOGA studio? C'mon.Even when I left she had a weird face.Maybe because I wasn't part of the gossipy housewife crew? At the begining of the class women were gossiping and chitter chattering like there was no tomorrow. I felt like I was getting a manicure or a haircut... not going in for relaxing practice.The instructor moved way to fast into positions, not giving you a chance to stay :30 sec in one. I did like that she had a headset on and they played zen music.First time students get no discount - $15 each class.Ummm... you should try to entice newbies to explore, no?Overall not a huge fan.
5	So happy I found this place. I had never been into yoga because I hadn't found a great place like this and honestly..I was of the impression yoga was only for the flexible type and well, didn't burn that many calories. UM, WAS I WRONG. I've been going for 8 months now almost daily and it has changed me a ton both physically and mentally. I don't typically write reviews but after class I always think about how wonderful the instructors are here and I wanted to pay them some public respect for their amazing work!  I have yet to have one teacher that isn't top notch at this place. I began as a true beginner and found that although I have a lifetime ahead of me to improve, it's all about the journey. The classes are for all levels and you can adapt to make it extremely challenging or less so. I love dropping in over lunch for the $7 no commitment Karma Classes so my teachers have mostly been Dia, Jana, Ann & Stacey...all of whom I think are just truly awesome. For an extra push I sometimes take an evening heated power class, usually Thursdays with Celeste because she is SO GOOD...she will kill you kindly..you will leave there feeling restored in a way bootcamp or the gym just can't do for you ...yet it will have worked EVERY muscle in your body.   The front desk staff is also so helpful and awesome, I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a big, positive change in their workout routine!
