4	Kate Spade is a fashion genius. She provides simple, elegant, and fun designs for women of all ages. Kate Spade is mainly famous for her simple and chic handbags and her cute shoes. Kate Spade has her own designer shop, but she is also sold in many retail shops around Arizona. Kate brings quality to everything she makes, but it comes with a steep price.
4	I walk into Kate Spade and I'm immediately transformed to a time when tea time was mandatory and dinner was on the table at five pm sharp. Welcome to Kate Spade, a time warp straight into the 1950's. Recently, Kate Spade reopened its doors after a face lift (gasp, women didn't do face lifts in the '50's)! But, this lady who lunches did a great job resurfacing! The store is adorable. I could stay there for hours just browsing. They have clothes perfect for the stay at home wife and purses that make you look feminine even while hiking through the Grand Canyon. Here are some things I love about the Kate Spade store:- The decor. It's like a lady's perfect sitting room ready and waiting for afternoon company. - The purses - for being a high-end purse, they are more afford-ably priced than others. - The office supplies -- if you ever need anything for the office like a cute coffee mug, pencils, calendar, day planner, notepads, etc ... Kate Spade has adorable girly items and for a reasonable price too. - They have phone covers for the iPhone G4! This is a rarity so get them while they are still in stock!
5	Oh heaven...We were immediately greeted by one of this locations very friendly sales associates. The decor in here is so cute. Its bright, but subtle, and comfy.I wasnt thrilled w/ the shoe selection when we went in but thats what the internet is for right?They have a vast handbag/ wallet selection at this location. It seemed like there was a new find everywhere you looked. Even the "discount" section in the back part of the store had a full look. They also have a wide variety of iPhone 4/4S/5 cases back by the registers.Yes, Ms Spades designs are pricey, but the quality is worth it.
5	The staff at the Kate Spade store in Scottsdale are always super friendly and helpful.  These ladies have a good eye for things and great suggestions.  The shoes and handbags at Kate Spade are always to die for!  I wish they had some more cute summer clothes though.
1	So ive always loved seeing everyones Kate Spade purses, i finally decided to purchase one myself. I went in and the girls were helpful, i picked out my purse and went home. On the drive home, i was excited to take my purse out and see it. I was so upset when i saw a huge gash in the front leather. I called and asked the girl if this was a brand new one or one from the shelf, she said she unwrapped it in the back. VERY UNLIKELY. So i went back returned it, and she unwrapped it in front of me. I got home and realized that when it was unzipped it would ruin the leather surrounding it. I was frustrated and decided to just take it back all together. Then, i tried to return it was Lissette decided that i had pen stains and goo of some sore on it. which i did not, the goo was from her counter when she took the purse out and put it right in the goo! then she accused me of getting the goo on the purse. Finally, she said that she could not return it. I told her that i was upset and did not want to leave until something was done. Then, she said "well then i will just have to call security on you." I decided to not make a scene and left. She was not at all trying to make things right. Im a 17 year old girl, there was no reason to take it that far. I will NEVER be shopping here ever again.
2	Went there today to buy a handbag and there was a good and bad. The bad, a worker named Sam gave us attitude and acted like she was doing us a favor while the other worker (her manager) wanted to give us a discount on a bag (10%) she had something personal with us it seemed. Will never go back if this girl still works there. Bad business.
