3	The location of this place is nice (over in Terminal 4, gate A7) since it's quiet and there aren't many people wandering around. The food is fine - unfortunately my fries came lukewarm as opposed to piping hot... they were probably sitting around for a bit. Overpriced like all airport food, but it's still a pretty reliable cheesesteak!
2	Fries were cold and the tomatoe slices were merely laid on top. I know this is airport food but plenty of fast food places make a better cheesesteak
2	I had some time to kill before my flight out of the Phoenix Airport so I decided to try out the breakfast sandwich at Great Steak.  I had the beef egg sandwich which was actually really good - it's pretty much a philly cheese steak sandwich with eggs on a smaller round bun. My complaint about this mainly about the worker who was behind the counter cooking. It was about 9:58am when I stepped up to order, I think at 10am they stop serving breakfast and he kept complaining to the order taker to stop taking breakfast order. The way he was whining and talking very loud not only held up the line but made the customers uncomfortable.  He kept saying "she's the last one, she can order a sandwich but no potatoes" the other lady working behind the counter said it was fine, I can order potatoes to go with my sandwich. The girl behind me wanted breakfast too and the cook guy kept saying that she definitely has to be the last one. I don't understand how breakfast could end so abruptly and I'm only allowed to order the sandwich and not the combo.  The guy was rude and he may have been getting off shift because when I looked up again it was someone else cooking.It's unfortunate because inside an airport you only have so many options, I wish the airport has some sort of say with the business inside so that travelers can have a good experience as a whole.
3	The cheesesteak meal is $11.24 after tax.  Like most airport food, it is overpriced , the taste is average, and the portions aren't great.  The soda in the "meal" is a bottle rather than a refillable cup.
4	3.5 stars.Bearing in mind this is airport food and there is a distinct lack of options at the airport, this place wasn't too bad to us.It's pricey but that goes with airport territory.The cheese-steak sandwich was put together fast and it hit the spot. We were pretty hungry so I guess that may be a factor but it was devoured quick smart.They had just fried the fries so they were piping hot and complemented our sandwich well.Plenty of seating and near our gate made this the perfect quick eat.
4	This place had a very well priced cheesesteak sandwich but the combo is not that valuable. Stick with just the sandwich for a little over 6$
3	As others have said...this is airport food, and Sky Harbor isn't known for it's establishments in the terminal.That said, these guys put a decent sandwich together, provided you don't let them overload it with lettuce and tomato.  They have extra items (olives, etc) that aren't on the menu....so if you don't see it, ask.Just a basic thin steak sandwich.  The fries are ok, but they lose their temp quick.They overcharge a bit for their drinks, which are just 20 oz bottles....but I think their fountain machine appeared to be out.Not the cleanest looking place....but when you need something to eat at 9 pm on a Sat night with a flight in 30 min, you work with what's available.
