1	We ordered some bar stools from John at All American Fine Outdoor Furnishings in February of 2012.  After waiting 8 weeks we received the wrong chairs.  We were told that the manufacturer goofed but would ship the proper chairs via priority "right away".  That was over 7 weeks ago.  These guys are real friendly, but can't deliver.  Pass.
1	I would give these guys negative stars if I could.  After going through a dispute over the long delayed delivery of my furniture, the owner called me and cussed me out repeatedly.  Do yourself a favor and find another dealer.
5	I give these guys 5 stars because they are super friendly, have a great selection of products, and really care about doing a good job. I purchased my outdoor sectional, area rug, and coffee table yesterday. The sofa and coffee table were delivered this morning as they were both in stock. I am still waiting on the area rug and custom toss pillows but am expecting them in about 2 weeks.After checking out several local competitors, I found that All American had the best service and selection for my decorating style, which is a little more modern. Many of the competitors mostly had a lot of that "Tuscan" look that really doesn't suit my needs. Also, the prices at All American were very competitive. So, after doing my research, I went back to All American and I'm glad that I did.
1	Not really sure where to begin with this company. First let me start off be telling you any purchase you make there is not guaranteed! At least mine wasn't. They still have my umbrella, in like new condition...that I paid for. The umbrella was supposed to be fixed, and the part ordered for its replacement. It was... a call was made to me to let me know it was there anytime I wanted to swing by and pick it up.Long story short, they "lost" the replacement part, tried selling me on a new umbrella over the phone and still have my existing umbrella!Thanks for your wonderful service "after the sale"!
2	Nice selection of furnishings but the WORST customer service. Had a problem with an area rug and got the total run-around. Finally months later I got a replacement that was different from the one I originally ordered which apparently had been discontinued. They were not willing to refund my money so I was stuck with something I hadn't originally ordered. One of my $1800. Lounge chairs needed aPart and it has now been 2 months and I still have not received it. No one there seems to even care. I've spoken with the owner Mitch, who is always quick to pass it off to someone else. For an owner he's pretty hands off. This is not a store to do business with.
5	We moved to The Vi at Grayhawk, a CCRC here in North Scottsdale a year ago after many decades living in the San Francisco Bay area. We have a house with a two car garage and a nice little yard with a patio for our two dogs.  We've been looking for a couple of chairs and table to replace with inadequate ones we brought from Calif. We've been to ten stores at least....all had over priced, cheap looking items with many requiring a purchase of a 'complete set.'  We just wanted 2 chairs and a table! We live very close to All American Fine Outdoor Furnishings and I said to my wife, "Let's just check them out."  What a wise move.....they had exactly what we wanted.  The quality was superb, the price was fair. No high pressure just quality and service we longed for. We couldn't be happier and would unqualifiedly recommend this great retail store.
