5	Yep. That's right. Mister Sparky. So close to my nickname in college; Mister Spanky! But there's no foul play with Mister Sparky. These are my go to guys for all my electrical needs. And when you call them, here's how they answer the telephone: "Thank you for calling Mister Sparky, my name is Amber, how may I light up your day?" For realz! I love that forced perkiness sometimes. When I worked at an aerobic studio in Minneapolis, like, 100 years ago...ok...I know many of you now are picturing me in my Gilda Marx Lycra onesie...and for that, I'm sorry. But I digress. We had to answer the phone in a BIG high energy voice, "Hi, it's a great day at The Firm, this is Thomas may I help youuuuuuu?" So I get the phone jive. I hope my employees are enthusiastic in their phone answering skills. Nothing worse than a Debbie Downer the first time you call a business. The Mister Sparky team is always on time, clean cut and actually just down right cute! They always leave with a coupon for your next electrical mishap, shake your hand and thank you with a big smile! My kinda biz! So the next time the "Lights Go Out in Georgia" (oh God I'm old, that is a bizarre Vickie Lawrence reference), I say don't be snarky, call Mister Sparky. And scene....
3	I called these guys for a simple elecrical problem and they were able to schedule me for the next day--which was hugely convenient. The electrician they sent, fixed my issue in no time flat.  Since he did the job so quickly, I had him do another job while he was here--a fan install.  The work was done efficiently and they guy they sent was knowledgable and personable. My only issue with this company is their pricing structure. It is hugely expensive.  Their was a $79 fee just for the guy to come out (but they all have this) then a simple 5 minute switch fix was $259. The fan install was $195 plus he had to fix one switch with was an additional $89. All in all the guy was here about 40 mintues and it was just too expensive for the amount of time that my work took. An hourly fee structure would make more sense. I will only call these guys again is I have an electrical problem a that is too complex for an handyman.
5	Love these guys.  They are all about taking care of me - the customer.  THey actually showed up earlier than they said they would.  Not what I expected.  THey really took care to waer their booties inside and cleaned up after themselves.  I had a coupe small problems and an outlet that wasn;t working at all theyreally seemed to know their stuff.I highly recommend using them if you have a need for an electrician.
2	Nothing worse than having electrical issues. We had a problem about 2 months ago when multiple indoor outlets and lights and all of out backyards electrics went out. This included our sprinkler/drip system and all of the plants started to suffer. I get on yelp. Look for electricians in the area and mr sparky shows up with a few good reviews. Now I didn't see the reviews for the other local mr sparks otherwise I would have stayed away. Anyhow, they were nice on the phone and said they would send someone out the next day. The 2 guys who showed up were super nice and seemed to know what they were doing. They told me the likely problems and told me what it would cost to really diagnose and fix the issues. They quoted me about $350 at the times.Then the bleeding began. Multiple knocks on the door saying they found more problems. The dude wrote up 3 plans and the given costs. Lots of scary words like melting wires, not up to code, and danger if not fixed were used. Suddenly I'm replacing half the breakers in the main box. At the end of the 2 hour visit I get my bill for around $1000 dollars. Everything is working and although I certainly have some sticker shock, the job is done.A few weeks ago I meet up with an old friend who happens to be an electrician. This visit gets brought up. He basically explains that I probably got taken and I paid a 500% markup for 2 hours of work and no more than $75 bucks in parts. Awesome. I have a beer with my buddy and forget about the whole ordeal.This week my phone rings. It's someone from mr sparkys sister company Easy air and heat. They explain to me that when I was visited by mr sparky I also paid for a air conditioning tune up. Shady.....no one every said anything about that when I was getting gouged. I tell them to go ahead and come out. Today they show up. Check out my ac unit, which has been working fine and Is only 2.5 years old. I am told the capacitor is not working right and needs to be fixed or it's going to "explode and leak acid all over". I am told this will cost $290 dollars. I say no thanks and that I would need to go through my home warranty company. He then tells me that if they come out they will say there is nothing wrong and not fix it. I still say no thanks and he leaves. I'm thinking after the first visit I go added to their "sucker" list. Their work may have all been appropriate. What do I know?  But all the other reviews seem to be pretty consistent. Don't make the same mistake....2 stars because they were nice and fixed my problem. Now I just can't afford to give them any more...
1	$338.00 for 2new light switches and one new wire. First he quoted me $438.00.  He was here 45 minuets.He wanted to rehang the ceiling fan for another $180.00 my handyman did it for $20.00Don't use Mr. sparky.
