5	Highline Import Auto is the place to go for your auto needs and more!!
5	I won't take my car anywhere else! Friendly, efficient staff, and prices work well with my budget. I highly recommend Highline Import Auto.
5	Helpful and friendly service ! Would come back again and recommend !
5	I agree with all the other reviews. Wes, the owner, is a honest business person focused on customer satisfaction.  We are new to the Phoenix area and besides trying to find a doctor and a dentist, a car mechanic is a tough search.  Well we are searching no more. Wes will be maintaining both of my vehicles here on out.
5	Competitive price and quality work. It's the cleanest shop I have ever seen! Wes, the owner, is honest and very customer focused.Took my 2000 Subaru in to replace the steering rack and, not only did I spend 15% compared to some of the competitors, but was completed in less than a day and my car feels like it did when it was new. 3 months have gone by with about 10,000 miles and no issues whatsoever.These guys are great!
5	I have an "odd" car- a 2011 Smart ForTwo-- so maintenance on this car is a bit of a challenge- as most people don't get how to turn the car on, let alone service it.  After absolutely being DONE with my dealership auto shop ($500 for an OIL CHANGE and basic tune-up?  I think NOT!)-- my husband and I decided to take our business elsewhere.  I use Yelp to check out most places before going, and I saw that Highline had great reviews, so I thought, "What the heck?  Can't be as bad as my dealership!"  Try- best auto shop I've EVER been to.  Honestly, as a woman, I think most mechanics are kinda sleezy and try to take advantage of the fact that I am a woman.  Not Wes or Highline.  They are the epitome of professional.  I've been there three times now, and I've never once felt like they were trying to pull the "wool over my eyes" or rip me off.  The prices are more than fair (especially since they regularly run the $75 for $100 certificates on Yelp), the service is fast (in fact, they can usually get me in the same day!), and they are so patient, honest, and kind (as I usually ask a thousand questions).  Bottom Line: In this life, you need a few people: a good hairstylist, a good banker, and a good mechanic.  Wes and Highline are literally the BEST in Arizona.  I cannot recommend them highly enough.
5	I went in for an oil change and to have my A/C serviced as it was not blowing cold. They told me that the hose was leaking and would need to be replaced. I asked about the compressor/condenser because Firestone previously told me those needed to be replaced, but I was told that they would start with just the hose. That could potentially save me hundreds of dollars. Good start. He also quoted me a worst-case scenario (replacing the compressor/condenser) price that was about $300 less than what I was quoted by Firestone. And he only charged me for the oil change! ($35, I believe.)I took it in before class a couple days later and dropped by after class. I was told they did have to replace the compressor/condenser, but it would only take a little longer to do so. I waited in the shop, and they offered me access to their TV and WiFi. Wes told me he would help me out with the price. I ended up paying about $200 less than what he quoted me.Everyone there was friendly, truthful, and helpful to me throughout the entire process. It was easily the best experience I've had with an auto mechanic to date.
5	Ladies....if you need to take your car in for whatever reason but are afraid of getting ripped off....go to Wes. High quality care, personable and honest. Great at what he does and is very meticulous with his work.  I highly recommend!
5	I really wish I found this place years ago, but glad I have now.   I had to change the rear brakes on my Honda but didn't want to go back to the dealer to have it done.  The Honda brakes are too soft for my model.  I did a quick search on yelp and found everyone gave Highline 5 stars over a long time period.  I figured I'll give 'em a shot. Couldn't be worse than the dealer, right? They are amazing!  The shop is super clean and all the staff is professional and courteous. Instead of tacking on unnecessary services, Wes and his crew are straight up and advised that they would double check the dealer recommendations before changing the brake and power steering fluids.  The cost of the job was fair and reasonable and they offered a $100 off promotion on yelp for $75.  My brakes are feeling great, ER brake adjusted and there's no squealing.  I definitely found permanent shop my Honda.  It has been a few weeks since they did my brakes and no issues.  I'm a very satisfied customer!!!
5	I took my car in because I had the check engine light on.  So I went Highline import auto and met Wes.  And right from the beginning I felt comfortable as I felt that Wes was very honest. Within five minutes of being there he took my car and diagnosed it and said it was the cam sensor.  He then replaced the sensor within a few hours of my next visit and I took my car home. Later that day that check engine light came back on. And since I've had so many bad experiences with mechanics I thought oh my gosh. But I called and I talked to Wes and he said no problem come on in and I'll take a look at it again.  He then realized that my car needs "two" cam sensors. So he ordered the other one and installed it for free!!! And on top of that he cleared out the gray fuzz that was on my headlights without even mentioning it!!! I'm super impressed by this place and Wes... I'm definitely going to come back.  I highly recommend it.
5	I took my BMW to the dealership for a door lock issue and they "found" other issues that needed immediate service. They quoted me over $4k for the repairs they recommended. I held off and only had the door locks done because a friend had recommended Highline Import Auto. I figured it couldn't be any worse. So I took it in and gave them the quote from the dealership. They ended up not having to do all those repairs as they inspected everything the dealership quoted and it turns out I only needed to replace the rear brakes and recharge the a/c, everything else was fine. I was able to get a loaner car from them while my work was done, which only took 1/2 a day. I highly recommend you give Highline Import Auto a chance. Wes and his crew were friendly and professional. I ended up paying only a fraction of what the dealership quoted me for the actual repairs that I needed.
5	Wes and his company are awesome!!! Have a 2011 honda accord and brought it in after getting a quote from the honda dealership that to replace my ac condenser would be $850! Took it to Highline and got it repaired for 1/3 the price. Hands down best auto shop I've been to!!
1	I have replaced 2 CV axles on 2006 Honda Odyssey last only 4 months then had a leak I brought my van back for repair then told me it's loose on the clamp they will re tight the clam but, They never re tight on my 2006 Honda Odyssey. Never go back that place again. the worst auto service every see in AZ.
5	What a refreshing experience to have a mechanic that cares!!We have used highline many times The price is always right and the service is top notch I would highly recommend anyone to get a second opinion here I had an AC replaced, brakes, many oil changes and a fuel pump replaced Like I said their prices are right and they completed the job fast, they even had a loaner vehicle for me to use for my convenience
5	I took my Volvo in for a clunking sound thinking it might be an issue with the axles or brakes. Wes and his crew diagnosed the problem as worn-out engine mounts. They checked all the mounts and told me which ones needed to be replaced (all without charging me a cent). I ordered the parts and a timing belt replacement kit and went back a few days later. Long story short, the cost of replacing all the engine mounts and the timing belt was beyond excellent, and the work was of great quality. It's great to have my Volvo running tight and normal again. I'll be going back here for all my automotive work.
5	I took my Subaru (09 Forester) in thinking I needed a new steering pump. They tore down the old pump and replaced o-rings, fluid and belt. Good as new. Much less expensive than a new pump. Great service, fair price, nice people, and a loaner.
5	It is extremely difficult finding a honest, knowledgeable, reasonably priced mechanic. You will usually get one out of the three with most being dishonest, money hungry scavengers trying to fulfill a quota, IMO.  Highline has been and continues to be an awesome experience each time.  Strange for an Auto Shop right?  I was referred to Highline Auto by a fellow Officer after I shared how I went to Midas and was advised that they were unable to do my oil change because the oil pan or cap was damaged? Or they couldn't unscrew it? Confusing right? It should be noted I went in with a coupon for a $16.99 oil change.  I am now sure that this was the ticket to get me in the door, to be followed by a super duper up sale on items I didn't need.  Suffice to say, I then took my car to Wes, didn't mention what happened at Midas and he proceeded to change my oil without a hitch! That set the tone and I have been taking my car to Highline Auto ever since. Highline doesn't need coupons. Wes and his mechanics treat you fairly, are knowledgeable, honest and friendly. You just can't beat that in this day and age! Highly Recommended
5	Brakes were squeaking, so I found this place on Yelp with a lot of good reviews.  I figured it was worth a shot since it's close to home.My first impression was how clean and organized the garage looked.  Kurt was very friendly, had my Honda Fit brought in relatively quickly, quoted us a reasonable price, told us it would be an 60-90 minutes, then offered a vehicle for us to borrow while the work was being done.  The waiting area isn't very large and they have a TV in there, so we took the vehicle and got some errands done while waiting.We came back to get my car with the new brakes installed, used a Yelp deal to save some money, and not once was I offered an upsell on anything while I was there.  They did what I asked and were honest about what they would do and how long it would take.  I'll definitely be back.
5	I called Highline after seeing there great reviews on Yelp.  I spoke to Wes there and explained we were looking to purchase a used car near this company and were in a bit of a hurry to have it checked out as we needed to purchase the car soon.  We had heard a strange noise that sounded like it could be the transmission.  Wes said to bring it buy and they could listen to it to see if he felt there could be a problem.  We were to be there by 4:15 but my husband and daughter took a wrong exit and did not show up until nearly 4:45!  However Wes still took the car out for a drive and came back and let us know it sounded fine and he did not feel there was any issues with it and we still hope there isn't but at least he took time out even though they were closing to check it out for us!My husband said Wes was great to talk with and appreciated his time and help!Thank you Wes and Highline Auto!
5	I love my car. I may not give it the love it deserves, but I truly love my car.  Recently I have had to do some maintenance repairs to it and having moved so much in the last 4 years has made it difficult to stick to one mechanic. Seems every time I find a go to guy I end up moving away. In the spirit of saving some money I went back to my hometown of Douglas, AZ to have some repairs done which I was quoted in Gilbert and were more than my wallet could shell out. Well, turns out "lo barato sale caro" (cheap ends up costing you more) and the shop in Douglas couldn't do all the services I needed, after I had already paid them the money to order the parts and waited 2 days to have my car fixed. So I drove back to Gilbert somewhat defeated and wondering what I would do with those car parts in the trunk of my car.I looked online for a week or so and kept coming across reviews for Highline Import Auto.I was skeptical because most reviews were from yelpers that had few reviews and also almost everyone referred to the owner by name. There were a few reviews from established yelpers (at least 20 reviews in my book) and a couple of ELITES, so I decided to call them and give them a try.Here is why they deserve 5 stars:They were able to get me in the same day I called and use the part I had previously purchased at the other shop.They knew exactly what I was there for the minute I walked in (no need to explain again)They called me within an hour to tell me what the car needed done, and not only that but they were able to tell me what was causing the problem and what needed to be done to avoid future problems.They had my car ready in reasonable time.The price was, in my opinion, fair.When I picked up the car, it looked cleaner than it did when I dropped it off, no grease stains on my door or even worse on my steering wheel and maybe they vacuumed it?The problem I was having has disappeared.The car is running great!I would highly recommend these guys! I dealt mostly with an older gentleman who was very professional and helpful. I met the owner Wes when I went to pick up my car and he was very nice, so now I get why all the name dropping on other yelper's review.
5	The mechanics at Highline have gone out of their way to help us with our aging Volvo sedan. Their customer service can't be matched and although it is a bit of a drive for us, we totally trust their work. Couldn't be happier to have found them.
5	When it comes to cars, especially foreign cars, it's nearly impossible to find someone you can trust. At Highline Import auto, I was treated with respect and honesty. The owner took the time to explain everything in full detail. Owning a BMW is an expensive choice once your warranty runs out, so having a shop like this is very comforting.I won't ever take my car back to the local dealership for that reason. Thank you Highline import auto! Great service !!!Keep up the good work!Tess Balingit
5	Great Service!  A+++    I took a chance and chose Highline based on the reviews, since this is the first time I've needed auto repair since I moved here 4 years ago. In June, my nice Honda Accord's engine blew due to a previous mechanic not  filling the radiator fluid properly. What a loss! So I bought a used Honda Civic; needed the alternator replaced and asked them to please check out the car to see if it needed anything else. It needed new front brakes and rotors. There was a ms-communication and I was a bit frustrated, but Charlie and Wes graciously took the time to explain things to me. They went out of their way to resolve the communication issue. My new used Civic is purring and ready for a lot more miles...Thanks Guys! I will be back and I will definitely recommend your business to others.
5	This place is great!  They will not rip you off as they only fix what needs to be fixxed.  They are very honest!  I highly recommend this place.
5	Car was getting too hot one evening after a few days of trouble. Charlie was very nice when I explained what had been happening and told me to fill up the radiator with water, and walked me through the steps of how to do it. When I arrived at Highline safely, they let my car cool down and took a look... cracked radiator. Charlie quoted me a price and I called me home mechanic just to check (you can never be too careful). My mechanic at home said that was a pretty good price and said that they had never replaced the radiator, so a crack was possible. Highline lent me a truck to drive to work and I picked up my car the same day. They also have wifi so I was able to work while I was waiting for the loaner.About two weeks later, when I returned from vacation, my AC started to wimp out. I wasn't very happy since I just spend a lot of money fixing it within the last year. Didn't know if something had happened during my radiator replacement that had caused the AC to not work. Charlie had me bring it back in and someone looked at it-- apparently some wires had gotten disconnected somehow and they fixed it no charge.Overall, very nice and trustworthy guys. A good mechanic is very important yet hard to find. Would recommend!
5	These guys are great! The dealership told me I had to replace my oil pan ($600-$800) repair due to defective plug. So I called around to get prices, and Charlie was the only person to suggest an alternative repair option for my vehicle. They inspected my car, did the work, got the oil change the day I walked in for WAY less than what the dealership wanted do.I'll be coming back. Thanks for the great work guys.
5	Got recommended this place by a friend who said the owner is a really good guy, they struck me as honest which is a good thing to say about a auto shop. They commended my engine for its age instead of trying to make me do work I didn't need. I left feeling like I found my go to place. Great service and good value. I would happily recommend this place to anyone who cares for their car and is sick of getting ripped off elsewhere.
5	Excellent shop!I had already purchased some parts for my car and needed a good mechanic for install. I found this shop via Yelp and saw that they had also done some work on a Civic Si, Toyota Supra, and Subaru WRX- looks good to me. Dropped the car off in the afternoon and picked up the following day (I also got a picture of the install about 8pm at night!). All stock parts were in the trunk as I requested and not a problem since!
5	Extremely happy with Highline.  We had been bouncing around mechanics having some bad experiences.  Found a guy we liked, and then he quick working on cars to do some network marketing thing.  Finally found Highline and couldn't be happier!  The prices are all reasonable, they know what they are doing, and they only recommend work that really needs to be done (even telling us to hold off on some other work).  Have referred two people to them and both are equally pleased.
5	One of the good ones. It's always hard to find a reliable and trustworthy shop to work on your car, but l don't have to look any further. I'll be back! Thanks guys.
5	Great service, very kind, would highly recommend. They are not the cheapest shop, so if that's what you're looking for, this isn't it. But they offer quality service you can trust and the best customer service I've experienced at an automotive shop. They are worth the price in my opinion but if price is your main concern, it may not be. All the things people say are true, great shop.
5	I'm 58 years old. The reason I'm telling you this, is to make sure you know I've had lots of experience with auto repairs over the years. These Guys are second to none! They will take such good care of you as a client and your car and wallet will be very happy! I have no need to go anywhere else again! My Son feels the same way. They treat us like family and I am forever grateful! Please don't waste your time and money anywhere else. We rely on our transportation and it is good to know there are still people out there doing the right thing.
5	These guys really are great!  Honest and fast - Wes was able to replace the digitizer/screen on my 2007 Lexus GS navigation system for less than half the price of a remanufactured unit replacement.  They conduct themselves very professionally and treated their customers with respect.I was referred to them for this specialized repair by Toyowest, another great, independent service shop.
5	I decided to take my car here based on their awesome reviews and was not disappointed.  They diagnosed the problem right away, explained everything thoroughly, and made all the necessary phone calls to my warranty company for instruction on how to proceed.  All staff members were friendly and honest.  I felt comfortable there and will definitely go back for any future car trouble.
