5	Georgia makes the best Soul Food and Chinese Infusion!  From Fried Catfish and chicken to Pork Fried Rice and Combination Egg Foo Young.  Did I mention peach cobbler to die for!!!
5	Just went there for the first time. Good food I had the smothered pork chops. and yes the peach cobbler to die for
5	Went there for the 1st time on Saturday after reading the reviews. Oh My GOD!!! Egg Foo Young was fantastic and the Peach Cobbler yummmmm!!!!
5	Las Vegas has lacked authentic soul food for years... So happy I was able to get the best of both of my favorites! Love the soul food - mac n cheese, greens but Love Love the egg foo young! Oh and the house special the Bruce Leroy - shrimp fried rice and chicken wings. Im  there every time i visit.
5	I came to Las Vegas and wanted some soul food and man I found the best soul food west of the Mississippi...only my Mommy's food was better...but; yes I will return 4sho!
5	Really good food that is full of flavor and Georgia is super sweet and funny! The wait is a lil long but sooooo worth it! Food is made to order so she makes it the moment you order it! This dive is a awesome!
4	This place is tucked inside a small neighborhood bar that you wouldnt find if u weren't looking. Georgia is the sweetest and knows what she's doing in that kitchen. I ordered the fried rice with 3 chicken wings (Bruce Leroy). It was very fresh and flavorful. The chicken had a really good flavor and fried to perfection. She gave me a sample of the mac and cheese and I was sold.... One side of that please. I also had a side of collard greens that came with a piece of hot water cornbread that looked like an egg roll. The greens were not cooked with any meat so they weren't as flavorful as I would've thought but with an added pinch of salt and eating them along with the cornbread, they were quite tasty too. I wanted to try the peach cobbler but it wasn't ready.  I was there again the same week and will be back probably before the weekend is up. This is my husband's new lil fave too.
4	Super dive bar with a little walk up counter to order food at. However some damn good fried chicken, the biggest damn thigh I have ever seen. Great sweet tea way better than their kool aid like drink. Egg foo young was descent. I don't even like gravy not eggs yet it was cool. Try it if in the area.
5	Can't say enough about this place.  It's so hard to find whole, fried chicken wings in the valley so I looked to Yelp for help and I'm glad I did!  I read all of the reviews Saturday night and couldn't wait for Sunday afternoon.Soooo worth the wait.  The Bruce Leroy (that's hilarious) was excellent.  And the peach cobbler. ... forget about it!  I could do without the smokey atmosphere. But hey,  it's a hole in the wall.Every time I get the urge for fried chicken, you all will know where to find me!
4	I hope that they eventually can move out of the bar and into a nicer place. I had my Seahawks jersey on and got the death stare from a few sallow-looking bar patrons and a tired bartender. Is double diamond a 49er's bar? Anyway, the food took a little while to come out, but it was fantastic. Everything was just as good as you hope southern classics should be. Fried chicken was well seasoned, nicely crisp skin, juicy. Mac and cheese was RFG (really fantastically good). Collard greens were perfect. Yams were awesome. I would have preferred regular cornbread to the fried corn egg roll thing, but my kids all ate it just fine.Drawbacks would be that I wouldn't want to eat in that place-do takeout, and the bar does seem a little depressing to me.
