5	Fantastic new burrito place in Edinburgh - set up by some American ex-pats who actually know what Mexican food is supposed to taste like! My favourite is the haggis burrito (ok, not exactly an authentic Mexican combination but it works!) - this is no lame tex-mex place. AND it's very inexpensive. Love it.
5	Los Cardos - Mexican munchings on Leith WalkSo, just a quick post on this one, as I wanted to get the word out about how much I enjoyed my box of food which I picked up last Tuesday night. My rather excellent personal trainer Tracy Griffen recommended   Los Cardos to me last week, but they'd just closed for the day by a whisker when I popped by , so a second attempt was made and was a success. Still open, I was gonna get me some dinner.Los Cardos opened a few of weeks ago on Leith Walk, on the block between Dalmeny Street and Jameson Place. It's a little takeaway shop, with a couple of seats for if you want to eat in. The very friendly people behind the counter talked me through the menu  - so many tempting choices, so it was a bit of a dilemma on the picking front. The had steak, chicken, pork, pinto and black-eyed beans, and all sorts of fab veggie bits, guacamole and salsa to top and dress the burritos, or tacos, whatever takes your fancy.Kind of knackered from my work-out, I realised that my decision making powers were a little useless, and the only thing I could really decipher from my brain was that I was very hungry, and heck, all of it looked good. I think I muttered something along the lines of 'chef's choice' and so I took home a tasty box filled to the brim of their rice ,beans, carnitas of pork which is braised in their tangy salsa verde, some lettuce, sour cream, cheese....Anything else? Um, nope, I think that was all. Their tag-line is 'Fresh Mex', and it was definitely the best takeaway dinner I've had in a long time; really nice home-made tasting food. Only, the beauty is that they take care of stocking all of the millions of component dishes, and I just have to provide the plate and cutlery when I get back to the house. Sweet deal or what? My only gripe is that their drinks fridge (as giant and plentifully filled as it was) didn't seem to offer a huge choice beyond sweet sticky sodas, energy drinks and water. It'd be cool it if they struck up a deal with some local fresh juice company. Maybe they do their own ? Will check it out next time.Unsurprisingly, Los Cardos has already recruited a loyal legion of fans; not bad going in three weeks!  Anyway, they're waiting for their website to be finished, but in the meantime here's the link to their Facebook page, which has the current contact details. In FB-speak, Leila Likes this (giant thumbs up).ps - Word is they also do MacSweens legendary haggis as a filling. Why, it's so loco it might just work!From http://leilappetit.blogspot.com/2010_04_01_archive.html
5	Burritos! I'm hooked.A trip into Los Cardos has become a regular Thursday night treat after a fitness class - it's right near my flat, so I can run in, get my chicken-with-peppers-and-guacamole burrito, and get home while it's still warm and scrummy. Mmmm. My reward card fills up fast.They did laugh at me when I admitted I eat my burrito with a knife and fork mind you... but I'm a messy eater, I'd get it everywhere otherwise!
5	Like most Mexican food outlets, Los Cardos can be a bit hit and miss. Fortunately they have a lot more hits than misses.This is a very handy wee place for those of us who live in Leith and crave a quesadilla or burrito on the way home from work. You can order online too, so especially nice if you fancy a break from the doldrums of Chinese & Indian takeaways. Their green salsa and carnitas are absolutely out of this world!
5	The best burritos in town. What else do you need to know? Great choice of fillings, condiments and homemade salsas. Very tasty, generous portions and reasonably priced. And their soft tacos are really good as well (you get three in a serving).We've taken American guests here and they confirm that the burritos here are the real deal. The staff are nice too, so you can't go wrong. Don't waste money on "Should Be" Illegal Jacks (that expression copyright by Gillian L); for an authentic burrito get down to Los Cardos.They have a couple of small tables, but it's basically a take away kind of place. I really wish they would open a proper restaurant with a more expansive menu as I'm sure they would do great versions of other Mexican classics.Check out all the 5 star reviews. Yelp doesn't lie!
5	This place is uh-mazing!!!! We came here on accident a few weeks ago when we were in Leith. We met the owner's lovely wife at a Christmas fair where she was selling delicious salsa and she told us about the actual restaurant just a few doors down. Of course our tummies were grumbling at this point and as two native Southern California transplants, we always had room for a little Mexican food! OMG this place was delicious!!  (sorry for the over excessive use of exclamation marks, but it's necessary) We both got veggie burritos with fajitas and they were so good and tasted so much like home. They did a GREAT job with the guacamole too! We came back yesterday with family who was in town from So Cal and they loved it too! We all fully approved of its Mexican tastiness. Also, as if it couldn't get any better, they had veggie Haggis that you can put in your veggie burrito. I was like..umm wha? And then we tried it and it was sooo good! Best veggie haggis ever! and in a burrito - total win-win. I wish we lived closer to this place, then again, I might blow my whole bank account on it if we did! Definitely check it out ASAP!
3	I liked it dont get me wrong but it didnt make me go wow!I went for the carnitas burrito - slow cooked pork with a marinade, filled with salsa, sour cream, pinto beans, rice etc.The rice to me was cold, the pork a bit dry and the marinade ok but lacked a punch. The servings are generous, the staff friendly and helpful! Just lacks a bit of seasoning and some punch for my taste.On the upside the frsh dips etc are awesome - the gaucamole inparticular packs in lots of flavour!!
3	There was a lot of hype building up to our last Yelp get-together and group nom'ing at Los Cardos. I think that may be the reason why I was a little less in love with my chicken bowl than I thought I would be, but I think perhaps I also ordered the least flavourful option on the menu.The goods. Los Cardos is a take-away (with a few seats, but mainly take-away) burrito bar that does tex-mex well, so I am told by Americans and Mexicans alike. You can order a burrito, fajitas, quesidillas or even just a 'bowl' of the filling without the wraps - nice touch.Chicken, beef, carnitas, veggie. Two types of beans, rice, cheese, four types of salsa (which really are epic) and rice. Done. I got in touch in advance to let them know a large group  may be descending on them needing fed and they were really helpful and lovely. They suggested I book a space at the Victoria bar a few doors down, as they don't mind people taking in their Los Cardos food if they buy a drink. Very handy to know! So I was impressed by how friendly they were, as were the staff in the shop. Normally take away staff can be rushed and are used to acting like post-club police to drunks. These guys were cool.As I said, I had the chicken. I could see it in the container about to be served and already felt disappoitned. Tiny cubes of what looked like very dry, processed chicken. The carnitas was pulled hot pork in a delicious sweet marinade (yes I got to try some). The chicken was dry, a bit flavourless and I actually felt a bit out-of-love with my dinner option as it was the main substance to it. Beans and beans and rice are rice. The saving grace was the salsa verde, which I was highly recommended and which WAS really good.I think I ordered the wrong thing. A carnitas burrito with extra hot salsa would have had me weak at the knees. And it does pain me a little to give this place only 3 stars, but my order really was just 'a-ok'. Not awful, I ate and enjoyed it for the most part, and do recognise it's quite a rare thing to find in the UK, Scotland let alone Edinburgh - good tex mex. Next time it's carnitas for me and next time I might be a happier bunny.
3	Last nights Yelp get together involved my second outing to Los Cardos.  The first was just as it opened and I wasn't blown away then, but with the great reviews as of late I was looking forward to giving it another chance.  Unfortunately it was exactly as I remembered which was simply "OK".I am a massive fan of Tex Mex food, burritos in particular, but the truth is I have had much better, not just in San Francisco where they originated from... but if im being honest, in Edinburgh.  The actual place it pretty cool, its primarily a take away but with a few tables if you want to sit it and the food is made in front of you, to exactly to your specification.  I was also very happy to find out that you could take the food next door to Victoria bar as well (which is what we did).  The staff were very friendly and served us all very quick.I had a burrito, with chicken (Red Tractor Chicken to be exact, which was done is a chilicitrus marinade) which while sounds delicious, but was actually pretty dry and tasteless.  The steak and carnitas both looked more slightly more appealing so wish I had went for one of them.   I think getting the ratio of ingredients right is the key to a good burrio though and I think this was way too heavy on the rice, which was also unseasoned white rice that served simply to dilute any flavour that was there.  The saving grace here though was the Extra Spicy Salsa, which was absolutely stunning.  Had it not been for that, it probably would have been a 2* effort.It filled a hole and was by no means bad, it was just way too bland for me to be rushing back any time soon.
5	Never has love been so instant!I take you back about a month, to the Yelp meet up involving a swarm of yelpers descending upon Los Cardos for burritos and beer. Unfortunately Mr. Adams had booked himself out that particular evening to meet a friend, so I decided to peruse the website and see what it was I would be missing....Needless to say I was upset.So upset that I couldn't wait for the inevitable 'next time' to swing round. I hopped in the car and swung by to sample this interestingly tasty-sounding menu that very night. Upon entry I was greeted by the friendly, chatty staff who were more than happy to talk me through the concept:- Choose a wrap style (burrito, enchilada, quesadilla, etc)- Choose a meat- Choose a salsa- The End.I opted for the Pork Quesadilla. Massive wrap bread, dealt with a generous portion of meat and even more cheese, grilled up and sliced into 3 sandwich-like servings. In a word: sold!Subsequently I loved it so much, I managed to rope the friend I was meeting into going along again the same night the yelpers went down. Even beat most of them to it! It is now my mission to work my way round the menu starting with the quesadillas (pork, chicken and haggis down....). A New Year's intention I have no doubt I shall easily achieve!Clearly taking a leaf from Oink's book, Los Cardos have taken the simplistic, does-what-it-says-on-the-tin concept and raised the bar a little higher.  The shop is low on frills, high on quality; a few seats for those that have made the distance to get their burrito; a delivery service is available and I think they might even be on justeat.com. It seems it is these simple concepts that really reap success around Edinburgh. A fact that leaves me wondering why there aren't more eateries like this...?
3	Before I start, I must say that I'm Mexican and for the purpose of this review this does not mean anything else but: I'm proud of my food and I can be very strict with anything served as / associated with/ recognised as Mexican. Next, three facts:1. Burritos can be found in their natural habitat only in the north of Mexico. And not all the north, but only some states. It's a very simple snack: a flour tortilla with a bit of beans and cheese (the most traditional one). You can also find burritos with other fillings (generally two, being one either beans or cheese). That's all, no rice, no cream, no guacamole, no salsa, etc... 2. Burritos are now a very popular fast-food snack in the US, possibly more popular in the south of the US where lots of Mexican immigrants live these days. Therefore, burritos are part of what is now known as tex-mex food. I've never tried a burrito in the US so I don't know how they are served but I presume this is where burritos took their now more popular looks and taste.3. Los Cardos does not intend to serve real Mexican food or Mexican real burritos. They got the idea from the Californian tex-mex burrito and offer a healthier alternative to take-away food at a reasonable price, and using fresh ingredients and good quality products. This is what the website says (go and check if you want).So now I think it will be fair to say that...Los Cardos' "interpretation" and/or "re-construction" of burritos is a successful one and I think the success is the result of taking some common ingredients in Mexican food (beans, rice, salsa verde, coriander, cream, etc) with others not so common (like carnitas) and still leave room for the costumer's choice. Sounds like a winning formula, right? So basically, you choose the type of tortilla, the type of meat, the fillings, the salsas. How tasty your burrito will turn out to be, well... it's up to you.While I was observing how my burrito was prepared (a carnitas burrito) with all the fillings I chose (cheese, cream, beans, rice, coriander, the whole lot really) the guy explained to me about the quality of products and freshness. And yes, very fresh and well prepared. So, what they say they offer is what you'll get. By the way, very friendly staff.As a take-away you're not expecting the premises to be memorable. And as I was not planning to eat my burrito there, I didn't really pay attention to where costumers could eat. I do remember very vaguely to see a couple of tables with costumers. I paid for my burrito a bit more than 5 pounds. A massive burrito. And I know it is a reasonable price for take-away food in the UK -and even more if good quality products are taken into account, but I still think it is rather pricy. Or perhaps I can't be objective enough (I can't help comparing prices of burritos in Mexico and they don't cost much at all... it's a snack!). Let's say that compared to other take-away snacks (kebabs, for instance), Los Cardos' burritos are probably within the price range.So... Is this place good? I think it is. Is this good for Mexicans (especially the ones from the north)? Perhaps... it all depends how orthodox / flexible you are. Will I go back? If I'm in the area, quite possibly. Being far from Mexico, not having "my" food here, has had many different interesting effects: I cook more, I've discovered markets and delis where I can find Mexican products (will write a review of Lupe Pintos soon!) but I have also learnt to appreciate other foods. To me, Los Cardos' burritos, as they say on their website, are purely inspiration. And as that, I take it... Yet, I was the most grateful Mexican when I first smelt the carnitas and a very subtle hint of orange transported me to a street market full of bright colours and music. Perhaps it was just an illusion or perhaps I was just... inspired.
5	I have been re-inspired to yelp review by Los Cardos. So many of the places I have been recently have been expensive or mediocre.(I have a really hard time figuring out how to review these places as "everything was whatever and it cost a lot" makes a shitty review)Los Cardos, you brought me back to shouting from the rooftops that my lost desire to eat something other than canned tuna HAS BEEN FOUND! The burritos taste like sweet, sweet Mexican American fare. You know what I am talking about. Los Cardos makes me feel like I am drinking a Pacifico in a tackily decorated Mexican Restaurant where they're playing telenovelas and mariachi music. Authentic American Burritos.
5	When dealing with fast food, you have to consider the deliciousness/shame ratio.  That is, is the pleasure gained from the deliciousness of the food completely undone by the wave of diners remorse that follows as you wallow in grease-soaked regret?A kebab, for example has a low score - as no amount of tastiness can overcome the bitter shame of that horrifying moment of post-kebab clarity.The good news about Los Cardos is that it scores highly on deliciousness and pretty low on shame.  The food is excellent, and looks and tastes freshly made from good quality ingredients.The staff are friendly and the service is good - the menu isn't particularly extensive but what they do they do very well, and it can be combined in enough ways to keep you occupied for a while.Give it a go.  I think it's easily the best takeaway in Leith.
5	Feeling tired after a long, hard day at work?  Don't have the energy to cook?  Simple - pick up the phone, order on line or pop into Los Cardos Mexican restaurant on Leith Walk.  I'm not embarrassed to say that this is my regular take away restaurant and it never fails to hit the spot.  The pork quesadillas are the best thing on the menu.  Don't be put off if you don't like pork as I don't usually go for this type of meat however it literally melts in your mouth.  What's better than pork quesadillas for dinner?  Left over pork quesadillas for breakfast as the portions are enormous!!!  So, only one more thing to say - Un quesadilla de carnitas por favor.
4	I don't think I'll ever be able to eat again. It's at least 16 hours after I ate the Carnitas Fajita Burrito (with no rice) and I'm still unable to contemplate food.I didn't even plan to eat it all. For a start, they are HUGE. But half way through and it tasted too frickin' good so I kept going. We ordered four burritos for delivery, and when they arrived they weren't piping hot, and the salsa had made them a little soft and they leaked and it was messy. So I was a wee bit like "oh that's not so good". But then i bit into it and all that is good about pulled pork and cheese and hot salsa and onions and peppers and burrito hit my tastebuds and I kept eating and here I am 16 hours later with a food baby and wondering when I can get my next burrito fix.Last time I came here, the only other time, I didn't have a 'burrito'. I just had the filling in a box, so chicken and beans and veg but not wrap. And I wasn't that impressed. I think the proof here is in the pudding. It's tex mex. It's big, it's unhealthy but you have to just go for it. So don't do what I did the first time. Come here, throw caution to the wind, order the biggest, cheesiest thing you can find and enjoy. I would say that looking at the other burritos that had rice, I think I got the better deal as there was a LOT of rice in there and mine had none, so more carnitas. The carnitas, btw, are really pretty tasty. Better than the chicken I'd wager. So I'm now a Los Cardos fan and the fact they deliver is even better - or not, considering I now don't even need to leave my couch to get another...
5	Absolutely delicious - choose from burrito, fajita, quesadilla etc., choose your filling, then choose how hot you want it to be. Ready in minutes, very generous sizes, and quite unique in Edinburgh. There's even a loyalty card scheme you can collect stamps on to go towards another meal. They also sell Mexican sauces and spices behind the counter. The staff are very friendly and always trying to make their business even better - wish I still lived close by so I could frequent here more often, however delivery is always an option!
4	While there's not much competition in Edinburgh this is the best burrito in town! I had a steak burrito - a little light on the meat, but still a good value. I'll definitely return
5	Fresh, fast, tasty - and mighty popular. Deservedly so. These burritos measured up to the finest Tex-Mex available - had the veggie one this evening, with extra hot salsa and it was divine. This is a great place to grab a bite if you're heading up or down Leith Walk, between times/shops/pubs etc. So friendly, too; the lady making my burrito even looked down at her work, smiled and commented, "Mmmm, that looks so tasty!". In how many other eating establishments would that happen. She was right, too - it was damn tasty.The haggis burrito is a beast - who knew this Tex-Mex-Scots combo would work? It does, indeed it does, but don't expect to want to eat again for a couple of days. Now there's a challenge for you!
3	Yet again I find myself sorely disappointed with Mexican food in Edinburgh...I was expecting big things here after so many highly marked positive food, alas it was not meant to be. For some reason these burrito bars here forget one of the key elements in Mexican food, seasoning! I'm not talking only of "spicy" seasoning but something that packs a punch and makes your taste buds dance with delight. This place wasn't as bad as Illegal Jacks but still wasn't as good as Tex Mex 2 or the Glasgow joint Taco Mazaman or even Pintos. Sad, I was really looking forward to establishing my burrito haven but I'm just gonna have to stick with my kitchen for now.
5	ok, i have a confession to make.... this place is my go to takeaway when i'm tired, can't be bothered making dinner, and want something quick that is not as unhealthy as the normal takeway and is freshly made.  i've gotten my dinner here about four times since my last review (i should really get a customer loyalty card!!) and i have to say it has been solidly tasty, especially so tonight!  i got my usual, carnitas burrito bowl, tortilla chips, and a side of pico de gallo and it all seriously hit the spot....the incredibly delicious spot!!  i'm still munching on the tortilla chips as i write this update!!  the carnitas was super mosit and tasty and mixed well perfectly with the pico de gallo and the normally rather bland rice (which was not so bland tonight and i noticed when they were making my bowl that coriander had been mixed through the rice).  it was a big bowl of well seasoned fresh food that filled my tummy and put a smile on my face.what i really love about this place is the people that run it and make up the food.  the guy who put my dinner together was super friendly and even engaged in some banter about the absolutely freezing weather!!  i also appreciated that before the next customer was served by another staff member they checked to make sure i had everything that i needed for my order.  so lovely and polite :)i'm writing this update because i want to move this place from 4 stars to 4.5 stars but sadly can't reflect that on the rating system!  but this place definitely deserves to move closer to 5 stars...which is why i've reflected it by upping my previous rating!!  thank you los cardos for being there for me when i'm tired and just want to dive into well made tasty filling portions of tex mex food!!  you are amazing :)
4	It's not like this place needs anymore good reviews.. but hey!Los Cardos is definitely our Go-To place for a quick takeaway or when I'm cravin Tex-Mex. I've had just about everything on the menu and now order a staple, carnitas fajita with pico and sour cream.The pork is just so flavourful and tender and OM NOM NOM NOM....The food's always been good, the guys behind the counter friendly. The portion sizes have never wavered (from HUGE, unless you're a giant!), the price is easy on the wallet, and whatever you don't eat for dinner, warms up real good for lunch the next day!
3	I have had takeaway from here 3 times. ( You can sit in, but its really designed as a take out joint)The 1st order we placed was simply bland ( not what you expect from a mexican) Ihad the burrito and ordered the mildest one as i was unsure how hot it may/may not be.You get a decent portion, but i was expecting more taste.. 2nd time we ordered it was much better, a little more spicy and much more tasty. 3rd attempt....back to being tastless. The Sour cream doesnt have much taste to it, and all n all, I think its okay, but very much a hit or a miss.
4	Good food, fast and friendly staff. I like their loyalty card system, have made use of that for some free food over the last year. Recommend the 3 soft tacos if you want to try the different flavours on offer.
4	Los Cardos, home of the famous haggis burrito, was a place I'd been meaning to visit for quite a while, so I was glad to finally make it along. The much vaunted item didn't disappoint. My only criticism would be that the filling wasn't particularly evenly spread, so it was a dish of stages, rather than each mouthful being well-balanced.Overall, we said: "The bottom line is that I thought the Los Cardos burrito was mighty tasty. It didn't rock my world to its very core, but I would happily return and I'd happily eat it again. I really enjoyed sitting in, too, as the simple seating area is lovely, with bright walls and elegant cornicing. I'd definitely recommend a visit. Their quality is good, and the welcome extremely friendly."
4	Finding a decent burrito is not that easy in the UK. But thankfully, Los Cardos exists! Great burrito (very big) and tasty nachos. I always get the same thing and it's worth it.The place is small, but most people take it to go so finding seating is not an issue. It is kept clean. The staff is very friendly and always up for a chat. The food tastes fresh and you can watch them put together your burrito. I've never been adventurous enough to try the Haggis burrito but I've heard good things. Taste-wise, they know what they're doing so I'm sure any combination is good.
4	I love Los Cardos. I first discovered it living just over the road from it, and not being one to turn down Tex-Mex, I became a fan. The portions are big, the food is tasty, and the ability to customise your meal down to a tee is a big selling point. That and the prices are really reasonable, you'll get much more for your buck than from most other takeaways. Another great thing is that the packaging is eco-friendly.Personally I like to get the quesadillas, and dip it in Extra Hot salsa, with a little sour cream (good that they don't charge extra for this, although there is a charge for guacamole). My boyfriend's a fan of the burritos, which are huge. I've even got a jar of the Roastin' Red in my cupboard.The food is great, but I can't bring myself to give it 5 stars.  Firstly, the Just Eat menu does not have the full menu - it's missing the tacos. I really enjoyed being able to have one chicken, one steak, one carnitas etc but no more. Secondly, the most recent quesadilla I got was cut into two very thick slices rather than three slimmer ones and as a result much more difficult to eat. And thirdly, because I moved that wee bit too far away to go and collect it and instead rely on delivery, I'm not able to use my loyalty card anymore (I did ask). When I lived over the road from it I was racking up stamps like nobody's business, but now the card is sitting in my purse unused. Boo. I appreciate it's difficult to verify how many stamps someone has before you order (do you bring free tortilla chips with you just in case they're about to receive stamp five?) but I feel a little like my previous loyalty is wasted. And I want my free tortilla chips!
1	I just moved around the corner from this place and am a huge fan of Mexican food so my boyfriend and I decided to try it. Now I am a bit bias as I am from Arizona, which is filled with amazing Mexican food...so I didn't expect it to be totally true to what I expected..however, I didn't expect to be disappointed. I ordered the vegetarian tacos and my boyfriend ordered a steak burrito. We live literally 2 minutes away and by the time we unwrapped them at home, my tacos were completely soggy from the juices in the salsa and beans. I also noticed when they heated the tortillas they didn't heat it for more then a few seconds, so they were also cold.I would say the my biggest issue with my meal was that I couldn't get a hint of the delicious favors I would expect from Mexican food and the combination of the fillers were definitely too watery. Maybe it was just my one, that once, I am not sure. They have the right idea, the food just wasn't good for me or my boyfriend.
4	Alright Scotland, I'll grant you this- Los Cardos is a solid entry on the battlefield of Mexican flavor. It's not perfect, but when you can't be in The Mission it'll do!First, the good: the quesadillas are cheesy bombs of goodness. They're almost overly filling, and the chicken has decent flavor on its own. The sour cream and choice of salsa that come complementary are ample.However, even cheesy madness has its limits. By the end, cutlery is almost a requisite to handle the impending tortilla collapse. And despite its spicy billing, the "roastin' red salsa" is without any burn, at least for anyone with a taste for Sriracha.
4	I can't give this place 5 stars, sorry i can't. I opted for the soft tacos and the three different fillings (because i couldn't decide on one) - Carnitas, steak and chicken.  All fillings were very tasty.  Couldn't fault on taste at all.  And i added extras such as gucamole and sour cream and cheese.Value is 10/10One word: MESSY.Because it's takeaway, by the time you start eating it, the tacos are soggy on the bottom from the sauces.  But it the taste was yummy-awesomeness.  Just Messy.  I like my gucamole, sour cream and cheese to be through out, not just on top.  I will be back - i will opt for the less messy burrito - probably the carnita as i love the taste!  I just hope that the have the sour cream through out the burrito and not just on top. (Illegal jacks do a terrific job at this).Tasty, great value and yummy!
4	Definitely serves great burritos - mine was full of flavour & jam packed with filling - carnitas, sour cream, guacamole, salsa verde, cheese, rice & re fried beans. The only criticism is that it was a burrito of two halves... The rice & beans at one end & the carnitas & toppings at the other. Each mouthful was tasty & I was definitely full once I'd finished it. The service was great, esp as I was part of a large group getting takeout at the same time. The tortillas & guacamole were great for sharing. I'd definitely go back if I was in the area but it's too far away to become a regular go-to.
4	Not to repeat what others have said before but I will no doubt!4 stars - solid, good food, great flavours, plentiful portions. Food is available to eat in or take away and the tortilla chips are fab. Though if you get the burrito bowl, they are NOT required as the sour cream, meat/veggie choice, salsa, cheese, rice and black beans is all more than enough on it's on without added chips to dip into.All of the above (with pork carnitas) was all nice and GF - happy but full tummy and I'll definitely return if I'm in the vicinity!NOTE - the burrito bowl isn't messy but the wrap style dishes are so try to avoid spilling it everywhere as the fillings are generous!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my burrito today. All I can say is that the pork carnitas melted in my mouth and I got all the toppings. I can recommend my burrito which consisted of:Pork carnitasBlack beansSour CreamPico de Gallo (with an extra scoop)RiceGuacamoleLettuceand yes, he could barley close that burrito but it was delish. Usually I can't finish these huge burritos. I literally inhaled this thing and wanted another!!! My friend had the beef and she said it was chewy, so be warned but I can wholeheartedly say the carnitas was tender, tasty and beautiful.
5	Black beans and salsa verde !!! O ya that's what I'm talking about! I've tried a few Mexican places in Scotland this last year and 1/2 and nothing is ever good enough to bring me back. But this place is awesome! I only had the chicken burrito so I can't  judge the rest of the menu but the people next to me had the quesadillas and they looked huge and awesome! My burrito was also huge and loaded with black beans !!! I LOVE BLACK BEANS!!! Something few places have here! And best of all this place was reasonably prices! Nothing worse then bad over priced Mexican. ... This place is like a connection to home (CA) for me! So excited! Will be back again for sure!
5	We're recent converts to Los Cardos, and now in danger of going every night! Top quality burritos - the haggis one is surprisingly delicious. The guacamole is to die for (though I would save that for the chicken, as mixing that with haggis is too much even for us). Thoroughly recommended for a slightly healthier fast good option!
4	Fast service, easy menu and generous helpings of all of the fillings. Only fault was that the steak was a bit dry and not as hot as I would like, otherwise it was good honest Mexican and a cool setting
5	It's about time Edinburgh had Mexican worth eating. On a tip from a friend, my wife, baby and I trekked down Leith walk to Los Cardos. Momma was probably too hungry by the time we got here, and I already had a broken toe causing me to limp. But, it was worth it. We're SoCal natives living in Toronto... you know what Toronto doesn't have? A lot of Mexican options... and I don't know if I've seen a burrito worth being a burrito there. Sure, Mexican inspired wraps, which are tasty, but not if you bite into them thinking it's a burrito. And Edinburgh? I once had a burrito which was like a pot roast in a tortilla (store bought tortilla at that). So... WOW, this was one of the most satisfying and tasty burritos I've had in a long while AND it is in Edinburgh. Maybe I'm inflating the star rating due to the inverse relationship of quality to distance from Mexico or from California or Texas (both places where I've lived most of my life, so I feel i have some sense of burritos)... but, if you're not as burrito-starved as me, maybe it's a 4 or 4.5. Fine, you can have that. I'm just happy to eat a great burrito.
4	As a gal from the U.S., you can find burrito joints around each and every corner. Not only that, but as a vegetarian I have three words for you:veggie haggis burritosWho knew, right? I'm totally a fan, although you should note not to wear your tighest pair of pants when heading in to engulf a gargantuan burrito.Delicious: will be going back!
4	As a native of SF, the birthplace of the burrito, I hope I can be given enough credibility to say that Los Cardos is the place to go if you need a burrito fix.It may not be the best burrito I have ever had, but it certainly is the best I have had in Edinbugh. Best Tex Mex you can find in Edinburgh. Does not lack seasoning or grill their burritos like paninis (unlike some "mexican" restaurants in Edinburgh). What would have nailed this burrito is a different cheese. Preferably Monterrey Jack. I love British cheese, but it was a touch too sharp for tex mex.
3	My friend and I were having a lazy evening and craved spicy food. According to Yelp, Los Cardos seemed a safe option. I ordered a veggie burrito with pinto beans (not the one with veggie haggis-not my thing) and my friend got one with some kind of pork. The estimated delivery time was about right (an hour) but the food arrived lukewarm. The veggie burrito is kind of annoying. It's like the other burritos minus the meat, but at the same price tag... It was tasty enough, it filled a hole, but it had nothing on the spicy flavoursome Mexican food you can find in the states. There was too much rice, too little spice, and it just left me feeling not so satisfied, despite the humongous size. My Californian friend was likewise not so impressed. It could have also been better with a corn tortilla rather than the flour wrap. Did we just order the wrong things?
4	There's another Mr LG Tits McGee on the scene. Yup-I've had more boyfriends than published reviews on Yelp. Anyway, this time we actually go places, which is nice. I have been searching somewhat fruitlessly for a Mexican place better than Pinto in Glasgow. I think I may have found it, however they don't put any salsa on the Quesadillas, which is a big part of the experience for me. Apparently he had 'booked a table' but when we walked in, it didn't look like the kind of place where you had to book-there were only three tables. I had chicken quesadillas with black bean salsa. Next time I'd go for a different salsa-because this was more like a hodge podge collection of corn and beans. We also got a side of tortilla chips with the verde salsa. It tasted okay, but I wouldn't choose it again. I'm giving this a four because of the quesadilla on its own. The spices the chicken were cooked in were bloody great. It was just a great quesadilla. I'm not in Edinburgh very much anymore, but if I am, I'll be here again. However, I'll take away- it's a bit cold inside!
5	The guys are are muchoo goodo in everything, they even have seating we will be back for more, fresh fantastic taste and banter ,what more can a gringo and his chick want !!!
