5	Don Panchos Taqueria is the sole reason why I am addicted to tortas. This place is beyond delicious and is the best Mexican food joint I have ever had to the pleasure to eat at to this day. I have been visiting this place for over nine years. They not only have a salsa bar, they have a vegtable bar where you can load up on unlimited carrots, cucumber, lemons, oniions ect. The service is always welcoming and genuinely friendly. I have a little place in my heart for Don Panchos Taqueria, I would urge anyone to take the trip and enjoy this amazing little place :) The restaurant is pretty hood, but that is the least of it once you try it! Your mouth will consistantly water for it.. :)
5	Based on Faith A's review I made the drive over to 67th Ave and Indian School and found this busy little taqueria in the corner of a strip mall.The people working there were extremely nice and wanted to help.I read through the menu and decided on a red-chile burrito and a taco.But I asked about a yummy looking folded taco-thing and he said it was their "Quesadilla" and I should try one.  It was amazing, with carne asada..Their quesadilla is different, the whole thing reminds me more if an Indian Fry Bread contraption with a thick crusty tortilla, lots of meat and the cheese was fresh crumbled Mexican Cheese with a light white cool sauce.  It was delicious.I also had 2 mini tacos, one Pastor and one Carnitas.I can't remember which is which but one was more shredded pork and i really liked that.Bummer:  they don't have real ice-tea.  Oh well.They do have a good salsa bar with a red and green salsa and a bunch of veggies (not quite as big at Taco Tote).If you are on the hunt for Taquerias in Phoenix this is for you.
4	After reading the reviews from Faith and Thomas, I decided to stop by at this place because it's really close by to my pad. I was greeted by a guy when I walked in and he showed some of their display of meals. He was very helpful as to answer my questions for descriptions of their food. I decided to order the Family Meal of 20 taquitos that came with beans, rice, chips and salsa. Also orders carne asada burrito and horchata. The horchata was just okay, it wasn't bad, just not the best that I've had. The taquitos were alright, but if you add on the lime and hot sauce...it's delicious! The beans were a bit salty, but good. The rice was just wonderful. The burrito was great and they put a good amount of carne asada in the filling. I really wanted to try their panderia section, but I came here for dinner and decided that I should just visit next time in the morning when it's more fresh, but I must admit, when someone passed by with their tray of pastries...oh man...was I tempted! It smelled so GOOD!!!Overall, a great experience and would definitely come by again!
4	Pancho Taqueria is awesome. Not only was there food very good, their service was incredible. I really wish I had the name of the guy working the register because he was remarkably friendly and helpful. If this place was located closer to my house, I would probably be a regular. Okay, so I tried a carne asada torta, a tripas taco and a couple bites of the al pastor. The torta was on par with some of the better tortas I've had in the past. I can't compare it to Los Reyes or anything because it's simply carne asada, salad and sauce (unlike the craziness at Los Reyes), but I can say, "Wow!" I've always wanted to be more adventurous with tacos so I got tripas. DON'T GET TRIPAS! Haha! Not Pancho's fault, but mine. I've come to the realization that I don't like fried bone marrow on my tacos. And, as far as the al pastor, it was good, but not authentic according to my girlfriend. One day we will find authentic al pastor in Phoenix. One day...If you're in on the west side during the day and want some cheap and delicious Mexican food, give Pancho Taqueria a shot. It's good.
5	A delicious serving of Hangover Helper!Great spot once again.Had 2 Carnitas Tacos, and 2 Pastor tacos.  Those were the highlight.Also had the Quesadilla de Maiz again de Carne Asada (wish it didn't have lettuce).And a chicken burrito.The pork is insane.Kinda rough inside, but great food.
5	Ordered a green chile burrito, menudo and horchata all for around 12 bucks. Given an appetizer without asking. May have been just chips and beans but the act was thoughtful. Go to this place today!
5	Authentic, always Excellent, friendly service.  There are bigger and fancier places in The Valley, but none are better.
5	This place is delicious! Great tacos, quesadillas de maiz (sooooo goood!), burritos, sopes, tortas.... the list is endless.
2	This place is near me and was rated well, so I thought I'd give it a go.  I was pretty disappointed, sad to say.  My first bad feeling was seeing a large window painting reading "Jesus is still the reason for the season" and I got the feeling they weren't referring to the cook.  Being pagan, this made me kind of wary, as if I needed to hide who I was in order to eat there.  Upon entering the restaurant, my guest and I were blasted with music so loud we had to yell to hear each other while deciding what to order.My guest decided on a chicken quesadilla harina.  I got a five taquito combo, a chicharron quesadilla maiz and a taco pastor, with a jamaica.  This order came to $22.56.My guest's quesadilla and my Jamaica were pretty tasty.  The taco was surprisingly small, but decent.  Though, I didn't feel the pastor lived up to the reviews here.I am a big fan of the chicharron I've bought from a local carniceria, which is fried until crispy.  This was mushy, obviously not fried and I could not eat it.  I will eat nearly anything, but I am a texture person and the fatty mushiness squicked me out.  I picked out all the chicharron, filled it with the grilled onions, salsa verde and sour cream and it was delicious that way, leading me to believe that a future order with a different meat would be good.  The maiz part was a sort of thick tortilla I've never had before and was fried to a lovely golden brown, having a good, crisp bite to it.The taquito combo was great, as expected, but again, they were on the small side, being made with the same tortillas as the taco.I'm not sure if this is a different style of Mexican food than I'm used to (I usually go with Sonoran or baja style) or an off night or what.  The customer service was excellent and the food delivered very quickly.  The salsa/veggie bar was also good.  My guest and I both really liked the carrots.  They tasted a bit like hot pickles.  I will probably give this place one more try and see if I like some other selections more.  I also look forward to trying out their Sonoran hot dog food truck parked in front of the restaurant.
5	the absolute BEST mexican food in the area! always come here when i land its a must! every other place you have to be careful about, this place 100% authentic! AMAZING GREAT yumm!!
5	Food is always fresh and delicious. I dont have to worry about this cook or that cook its all the same, delicious mexican food. I LOVE their pork Torta and get it every time! The green sauce is the best in town too full of ACTUAL sauce and flavor!
