3	I booked this hotel last minute for my stay in Casa Grande. I only stayed for one night & total came out to be like $75-ish. The front desk receptionist was really polite and courteous! They offer breakfast as well & it's a pretty good selection! I'm a little picky on the type of beds because I'm so used to my bed at home that the ones they offered at Comfort Inn were a bit too hard for me. Also, I don't know if I'm allergic or anything but as I slept in the bed, my skin felt itchy. I'm not sure if they use hypo-allergic detergent to wash their sheets but next time, I'll ask to find out. Other than that, I really love their customer service!
4	Very friendly staff, both when checking in and again when checking out.  Clean and quiet--except when the door to the outside staircase would slam shut and shake the wall of my room.  If I'd been staying more than one night, I would have been going nutzoid.  But for a quick visit, it was pleasant enough.
4	I appreciated the service out here. The front desk and the staff are friendly and very helpful. The bathrooms are tight for a family of 5. But everything was satisfying. Rooms are clean and organized.  It has enough extra space at the end of the room so it doesn't feel we're to crammed up. Beds and the pillows are so comfortable. Seriously our first night we over slept, we missed breakfast. The FREE breakfast buffet is inexplicable delightful. It's located on the front desk, which makes the area open and roomy. They had so many choices than any hotel, I've been through. The fitness room has some essential products. None of the equipment are defected and they are updated. They should at least add a treadmill, instead that massage chair. Their pool and jacuzzi are also clean. Towels are always available and clean. It just need to add more loungers so I can enjoy the 80 degree winter in Arizona. But from any hotel, me and the family were completely gratify. I look forward to return to this hotel again.
2	I called two months in advance to try to see which hotels in the area had adjoining bedrooms. The kids are at the age where we need two rooms, but they fight with each other so we need a door open, and two times I called and was assured that if I booked this through expedia, we would be able to get that. Wow. We show up and they explain that there are only a few adjoining rooms and that isn't possible. We are just booked in two rooms side by side. Some are handicapped rooms, all are booked, we made our plans around their assurances, two times, that they could meet our needs. Breakfast is good. Rooms comfortable enough.
2	Here's how my stay started.  Upon arrival I was third in line.  Behind calls that kept coming in. The mystery more important than the reservation.  Then a cop walked in because there was some sort of domestic issue there.  We got to our room and no ac was on.  It was 103 when we rolled into town Our room has wallpaper peeling everywhere.  The walls and ceiling look water damaged.  Bathroom was small and needs updated. Location is near. Interstate and plenty of fast good and gas stations. Would not stay again.
5	could not connect to the hotel's free wireless service with my Kindle (the device recognized a strong wireless signal, but it would not connect to it), and there didn't seem to be any instructions in the room for how to access wi-fi. I di
