4	A good but a little on the expensive Jewish Style Deli in the Arboretum (Actually in the office park across Providence road from the Arboretum).  For a while I was a regular and the usual sandwich was a corn beef on rye with cole slaw.  It was good but eventually I lost my task for these big sandwiches.  While I have ate at the restaurant on a couple of occasions I usually preferred to place the order by phone and pick up.  This deli survivied even though other Jewish delis in the area closed up shop.  I think it was a matter of timing.
1	I entered the place one afternoon.  The people working there were so f**king rude, that I had to leave!
4	It's rather difficult to find, hidden in the back of an otherwise boring office plaza. They clearly do not get much walk-by traffic here. It's also a little out of place in a city like Charlotte, where barbecue and Bojangles fried chicken usually rule the roost.Katz is a standard New York-style Jewish deli (though not kosher), decorated with assorted New York memorabilia including the front page of the Post celebrating the Mets/Yankees World Series and pictures of the World Trade Center. If they're trying to show their New York creds, they've succeeded.Depending on the server's mood, they'll put a bowl of cole slaw and some pickles on the table when you're seated. Katz serves the usual stuff you'd expect for such a restaurant - corned beef, pastrami, etc. What's not to be beat are the "Smokey Joe" - whitefish and nova on a bagel (get an everything bagel, of course!) and the classic Reuben sandwich. Doctor Brown's sodas available too. The chicken soup is just as good as what mom makes.If they have any left, take some rugelach to go! (They do not accept AmEx.)
3	All the New York memorabilia this place has around the store is really easy on my eyes. (read: Yankee transplant) What is not easy on my eyes is the faux paint job that covers the walls.I think I've been more impressed by all the articles with rave reviews  they have lingering in the store front window then the sandwiches I have ordered form here.The Reuben (pastrami) was good !  but for the price ($10.50)  I would have expected great. ( the title reads "Charlotte's best Reuben"on the menu.)The portion was nice and they serve it opened face unless you ask otherwise. For the price it does not even come with fries. They do give you complimentary pickles and cole slaw. The cole slaw has no flavor at all IMO.I have sampled a few others sandwiches from the menu but this place is know for the pastrami and Reuben's? Oh and the knish,which I have also had the round potato one. If you like cheesecake order it here! It is $6.00 ($5.95) per slice but  I can easily get two slices from it and I'm a pig.Their black and whites are shipped in from NY and not bad if these are your thing .I think even the best black and white in the whole wide world might not impress me. So, if you like B/W cookies try em here for yourself.The people here have always been cool unlike the  time Peter L visited the store.Go back,Try em out Peter L , Let us know!
4	Such a yummy alternative to fried southern food. We found this place from an article we read about them in the paper.  Our reaction: a NY style deli in Charlotte ... we are so there!  We went to try it that day and were not disappointed. This place is decked out in top to bottom New York City memorabilia (even has autographed Seinfeld pics, not sure if they are real though).  Pickles and coleslaw to start off the Corned Beef sandwich on rye meal.  This place is packed on the weekends so expect to wait or take it to go.
5	Katz New York Deli - Best in townShortly after arriving in Charlotte about eight years ago I found what was then a new restaurant. A place where a New Jersey/New York transplant could get a fix of what for me is soul food. The place I speak of is Katz New York Deli. Located across from the arboretum shopping center in the arboretum office park behind Bank of America.I have been to the best of them. Second Avenue Deli, Carnegie, Katz on Houston Street. They are the gold standard of deli and appetizing. Only one place in Charlotte can come close to reaching the quality and deli delightfulness I crave, that place is Katz New York. The owner Lee Katz was born and raised in New Jersey and is a veteran of several top deli's - he gets it!The corned beef and pastrami melts in your mouth, served nice and hot from the steam table. Don't miss the chopped liver, flavorful and fantastic. The hot dogs are the best in Charlotte all beef with natural casings that give you that special snap when you take that first bite. Don't miss the brisket or the tongue. Try the house made knishes. If you have room top it off with a slice of cheesecake imported from the Carnegie Deli or wash it down with an egg cream made with the genuine Fox's-U-bet syrup.The appetizing at Katz is in a class by itself as well. They have it all. Nova, Belly Lox (the salty stuff I love), baked salmon, whitefish, sturgeon, sable, herring, baked salmon salad and whitefish salad with no filler, just enough mayo to hold it together.The latest addition to the line up at Katz - Now the rye bread shipped in from Pechters bakery of New Jersey. The breads are baked off in the store daily and the result is a first rate top notch Rye bread that has great flavor and actually has a crunchy crust. Hands down the best bread in town. If you're guessing that I love this place - You are right.
3	Nice stop while in the Arboretum area. It was my first time being in a Jewish deli so I asked a lot of questions about some of the items on the menu. I tried my first knish. It's a fluffy pastry filled with potatoes, or spinach, or something else. It was different and enough for one. My husband and I also had a sliced cheese omelet with the house potatoes and a bagel. The potatoes were nicely spiced and fried. The omelet was good, but seemed to have Velveta or Kraft slices of cheese in it and reminded me of processed food. Definitely plenty to eat. The service was good and friendly. They aren't too busy for breakfast, but I hear it gets hoppin' for lunch.
4	Had been meaning to try this place for a couple years after reading a review online. Gotta say, this is one of the best delis i've been to outside of NY. Great Knishes (HUGE!) and a sizeable, really meaty reuben (served open faced with tons of cheese; definitely a "knife and fork" sandwich). B&W cookies not baked on site but shipped in from NY. That said, they're REALLY good, and I'm a huge fan of the B&W. Don't be intimidated trying to find the place (it is in one of those huge, sprawling shopping center complexes); GPS doesn't show it's placement accurately. Just keep driving around to the back of the shopping center and there it is. Definitely worth getting turned around a couple times. Wish there was something similar in the Triangle (besides Neal's, which is kinda in it's own category). HATED that they were out of the pickled tomatoes.
5	simple;BEST DELI IN CHARLOTTE...way the F out in the Arboretum area which is the only thing that sucks about this place
5	Great deli. I have enjoyed the great food and service for years. Highly recommend for real NY deli food.
2	I went for a late lunch - only one other table there.  The rye bread was stale, lean corned beef very dry, fries OK and service very indifferent.  I went out of my way to eat here but will never go back. I had just been in a deli in the Chicago area....now that was a GREAT CB sandwich and service was very pleasant.  Wish they had a Benny and Max's here in Charlotte.
3	I had been looking forward to trying Katz as I heard from native New Yorkers how wonderful this place is and since we love breakfast, we decided to try it out for brunch one day.  Our server was very friendly and helpful, but food-wise, we just found nothing exciting. I had an omelette which was ok but nothing to write home about.  I guess to give it a fair shake, we need to go back & try their sandwiches at lunch - maybe those are more exciting.
5	I've been wanting to review Katz for a while, I mean I've eaten here for years and years.  I've gotten to know Lee and his fun crew.  They know about our shop, they were the first restaurant to see our new son a week fresh--back when he'd sleep in his stroller heh.So Katz, why are you wanting to go here?  I'll tell you.  They open early, for a breakfast that is hearty.  Want an omelet? Expect a full platter.  Our favorite is the 2-2-2, eggs, pancakes, bacon--inexpensive and hearty. They have some of the areas best hash browns which are more the potato chunky crunchy seasoned style.After morning you're always served some pickles and slaw.  A nice primer for a meal.  I don't know the history but I enjoy it.For lunch I have 2 go-to's.  The Philly with a side of mayo, or a half-reuben (whole if I'm ridiculously ravenous else it's waay too much.), add a basket of fries and we're good to go.  The reuben is open faced style with your choice of corned beef or pastrami styles--you can go 1/2 and 1/2 too.  Piled high with kraut, sauce and cheese. The philly on the other hand is on a crispy toasted roll loaded with brisket, mushrooms, onions and cheese.  Really tasty and hearty.My wife Robin many times will get a 1 potato 2 potato which is like  plate of meat and mash with applesauce.  She loves it, and I don't argue.Their bagel/knish platters are par for the course and I believe they now source fully from Poppy's Bagels which gets a lot of local kudos from me.Now for the finisher.. If that wasn't enough get their blintz as a dessert.. You'll get stapled to the couch for a while.  Luckily a secret is you can order a 1/2 order of them (1 blintz) and it's the perfect side.  Sided with sour cream and blueberries.The only thing I as a hearty foodie of natural product origin would like to see is-- when fruits are in season, I wish Lee would buy them.  Fresh blueberries, strawberries or peaches  with the blintz would be killer.  The other thing is we bring our own maple syrup (grade B baby!) because they have those old school corn-syrup-flavored-maple things and for the style of their breakfast it just doesn't do their product justice.  It's all probably a cost but it's points that could take it higher.They are like family and will get to know you over time so say hi for me when you're in! :D
5	Katz-Sized Italian Hero with extra Onions please!  This is my Favorite Deli in Charlotte!  Usually I get the Italian Hero (it has plenty of meat without ordering it Katzsized and usually I prefer it that way) this time I ordered it with the extra meat to see if I could take a photo more impressive than Mechl's of this Sandwich (not sure if I succeed - look at both and see what you think).  Half Sour Pickles are some of the most unique Pickles I have ever tasted and they have some good Desserts!I'll guess I have been eating here at least six years and it is consistently great!  I've seen Gran Torino so I'll say the service is friendly in a way that some Southerners may not get and probably would not want to see the movie either!  This is one of those places where the FOOD is so good I would not mind the picking (which I take as a compliment anyway - They have to like me to joke around like they do).
4	Definitely the best deli I have found in Charlotte. Tongue!
3	I've been dying for pastrami since I've moved to charlotte last Sept, but you will NEVER see me ordering pastrami in an American deli. In fact whenever I see the sign for Boar's Head I shake my my head in disgust and move on. I had been running around on nothing but multiple sugarless double espressos all day and by the time I finally made it to Katz it was already quarter to four.  I was famished, and like they say: hunger is the best cook. I wanted a pastrami and corned beef on toasted rye with a dab of deli mustard, and I wanted it then.Although they were just about to close the owner said I didn't have to take it out, I could sit down and eat it there. Thank you! Although the really ancient waitress was less than pleased. They have Halva! look at that NY cheese cake, it's the real thing!I'm stoked and starved both. The waitress brings me a pickle, a delicious pickle and a small saucer of very good Coleslaw first. .... wait a minute, ONE single pickle??  It's traditional to get a whole bowl of pickles and a bowl of Cole slaw as well. I took into account that it was late and let it slide. The sandwich arrived and it was absolutely delicious, as good as the best and I was so hungry I didn't bother with the mustard it was moist, delectable as good as the best I ever ate. And it was  ...... sufficient. Of course after dropping off the food the antique waitress ran off, deaf to any attempt of mine to reach her. The reason I didn't give Katz a full 4 star is that you should get all the pickles you want and a pastrami sandwich so large that you'd take half of it home, this was not close to that. I took a slice of halvah and a portion of the cheese cake home and the bill ran over $20 bucks  - no drink. I left a good tip out of habit. BTW the halva with chocolate was delish, and the cheese cake was the real thing, tart as I like it. Unfortunately it also had too much lemon (or was it lime) for my taste, I don't like "flavoring" in my cheese cakes but that's just me. yes I will definitely go back for another pastrami and corned beef combo in the not too distant future because it was very, very tasty. And I love that stuff. But I'll be asking for a bowl of pickles. Possibly Yelpers should stop using the label "best in Charlotte"  because Charlotte is not the standard in many things. What I mean is we should judge eateries by how good they are, instead of how they compare to other local establishments.
4	The cheese blintzes were the best I've had in many years. A little pricey but they were made in house and they served real blueberries , not the usual preserve. I've asked about the pickles, they have them shipped from Jersey, so Katz is the only place you can get them locally. Maybe I'll talk the owner into selling me some by the pound?
3	Finally tried this deli for breakfast this morning. A bit hidden but anyplace that promises bialys (brooklyn bagels) and potato pancakes is worth a try in my book. Not a lot of people for sunday breakfast so we sat right away. Hubby had corned beef and thoroughly enjoyed it! I had an omelet with a bagel.. Gotta say i am a bagel afficionado and this is the best bagel i have had in charlotte! Would go back just for a bagel! If u like NY style delis... i.e. Pastrami and lox... Try it out! Coffee was good too!
4	Best NY style deli in CLT. Whitefish is solid.
4	First off; just so you can find it, I would not say this restaurant is in the Arboretum. It is across Providence, and a small strip center that has a Wells Fargo, Quiznos, and a couple of spas. And in that center, it is around the corner, almost to the back. Now, once you get there, it's pretty good! I went there because what I read about this place made me think it would remind me of the kind of delis I grew up with in Cleveland, and really, it was pretty close. (Maybe if I'd just moved here I'd have a different perspective, but I've been away for a while, and haven't see this type of a deli around here before). It's casual when you walk in; just sit wherever you want! When we sat down, our drink orders were taken, and the waitress brought us the plate of pickles and coleslaw. Now, I had read other reviews that mentioned the pickles, and I was excited. The delis I grew up with had buckets of pickles on the tables, and I can still taste it. So, as cool as it was to be given pickles, the paltry plate of 2 pickles (for 2 of us), was a bit of a disappointment. They tasted good, but I wanted more to munch on. I didn't ask for more, but I have a feeling that I would have been given more if I'd asked. We chose the open-faced corned beef reuben (it's their specialty), and the 2 of us split a whole one. Truthfully, we could have split the half order and have been satisfied, but we still both ate every bite! It really was delicious. TONS of sauerkraut, over dressing. To go with our sandwich (we thought since we were sharing, that we'd be hungry. Next time we'll know that all of the portions are HUGE) - we also split an order of the blintzes, and a side order of the potato pancakes. Good grief was this a lot of food!  The potato pancakes came with applesauce and sour cream, just like I remember growing up, but they were prepared a little differently. They were a little poufy, whereas I always had them more flattened. These seemed like maybe they were deep fried, instead of pan fried. Still, they tasted good.The blintzes were delicious! They are on the menu as an entree, but I would really only eat them as a dessert (we'd order them as an entree, but ended up eating them as a dessert). They came with blueberries on top, and were creamy and cheesy and wonderful!On our way out, we got some of the bakery goods to go (my favorite was the sweet noodle kugel). We will definitely go back - but now that we know the portion sizes, next time we will definitely order less food
1	My husband, son & I went there for dinner.  I've been there a few times before & generally have a good experience, although the servers can be pretty unfriendly.  This time was a bit different though.  The waitress was extremely friendly but very slow, even before the rush.  The floors were so sticky, I couldn't walk anywhere, including the restroom, without squeaking.  My husband & I, both ordered the open faced corned beef reuben (his with sauerkraut & mine w/o) & our son ordered a hot dog.  My sandwich & the hot dog came out & the waitress said my husband's will be out shortly.  Finally, after my son finished his hot dog & I was 3/4 done with my sandwich, my husband's came out without an apology. I guess they were having sauerkraut issues??  After my husband finished half of his sandwich, he noticed the other half didn't have any meat on it (couldn't see the missing meat, since the sandwich was covered in sauerkraut). When he told, what we believe was the owner, he said "sorry, but it still tasted good, didn't it?" & didn't offer to even discount a portion of the sandwich. Seriously? We will not give our business to an establishment that clearly does not care about their customers.
4	This gem is so tucked away across Providence from the Arboretum, you may literally not know it's there unless you've heard it through the New Yorker Transplant Network. I was so surprised at how hidden it is from traffic, but was so stoked to make it in this weekend. Having been to Katz's in NY, it was really cool to be in a restaurant/deli like on straight out of NY. The interior is just quaint. Some NY decor, simple seating....and that's about it. The service is great. They might be from NY, but they definitely retain the Charlotte/Southern hospitality. We were in the need of some serious bagel-age, and Katz has it all. Only a few choices -- poppyseed, sesame seed, plain, everything and a few others. I'm a huge fan of Lox and cream cheese on a bagel, but the owner gave me a crash course in the difference between Lox and Nova. Apparently, Lox is much saltier and Nova is basically plain, raw Salmon. He recommended Nova, so I obliged. It was fantastic. Fresh, mild and worked perfectly on the sesame bagel with cream cheese. I was a happy camper. It seemed a bit pricey for two bagels and a diet coke. Around $14? Wow. Have to say it was worth it, but maybe not for a daily affair. Can't wait to check this place out for lunch. Pastrami on rye? Yes, please.I'll definitely be back for another bagel with Nova!
5	Best NY style sandwiches in Charlotte, Hands Down!
1	$9 for a sandwich only. It was not worth it.
5	Hands down the best deli and hidden gem of Charlotte. Yes the sandwiches range from about $9 to $15 dollars depending on the size. If you have never been to a real deli then this may seem expensive. However, when you are talking about real deli meat that is made fresh on site it is somewhat of a bargain to me. Is it as good as Katz in NYC, no...but it will be the best you will have in Charlotte.They have all the normal NYC style deli meats available to try, including roast beef, brisket, corned beef, and pastrami. I strongly recommend the pastrami, it is the most flavorful out of all the meats. There menu also has other items other than sandwiches, with the typical diner style food, as well as kosher style foods.If you are not familiar with the area, then you may have a hard time finding it. It is across from the Arboretum, directly east and on the south side of route 51.
3	Looking forward to a NY deli experience??? We'll see.Upon arrival I was served cole slaw and pickles. I saw the cole slaw was already pre-scooped on a table next to me so it was room temperature. I like it a little colder and crisper.  I also noticed the restaurant is pretty bland decor, old school tables and could look a little cleaner. So, I'm not a Reuben fan so I went for the Tuna Melt. Served on wheat with Swiss cheese. The bread was good, but the tuna was a little bland for me, needed a little salt & pepper.The entire staff was seated at tables talking, but were very friendly w/the customers. Overall, everything was just ok. As for a NY Deli, umm, not as authentic as I remember growing up in Long Island
5	I love Katz's Deli! The service is great the cole slaw and pickle come quickly and so do the drinks. The sandwiches though are incredible. The brisket is my favorite and is always fresh and warm and the rolls just make it perfect. All I can say is thank you and keep the brisket coming!
2	Expensive. Food is just 'OK.'  We had the pastrami, Reuben, and Dads Favorite (brisket on a roll). Meh. Portions were small and pricey.  Slaw and pickles were pretty good. Their cheesecake is authentic (flown in from NYC?) and a "must do" if you decide to go here.  I would only return if I was in need of cheesecake but you can get that in several other places, too. Otherwise... I make a better pastrami or Reuben at home!!
4	I love this restaurant, it's authentic, it's a no frills, good food deli.  You can't go wrong, every visit I'm greeted with sour pickles and speedy service!  I've only eaten the Reuben because I can't order anything else when I sit down and a big basket of French fries!  Fresh cut potatoes, crispy fried, cooked to perfection and served piled high!  Hell yeah.
4	Oh my New Yorker parents were in heaven at our lunch yesterday! They live an hour away and are already planning their next trip to Katz's. Perfect bagels and amazing smoked salmon. Pickles and cole slaw come complimentary. Pickles tasted fresh made in-house- although two on our table looked like they came from the jar instead. Like others have mentioned the cole slaw is yummy but room temperature. My parents didn't seem to mind. My mom's famous statement when asked if a meal out met her standards is often "It's fine, but its not like New York".That statement was not uttered yesterday. Food was fresh and delicious. Stand out was the borscht. Yeah really - killer warm beet and cabbage soup with a little bit of beef. All food was filling, generous and reasonably priced. Our waitress was a little MIA due to some high maintanence tables. It didn't diminish our lunch enjoyment though.
4	So, since my last review in August, I have returned twice and definitely owe them a better rating. After today, I felt they deserved a four. I arrived and was seated immediately and received the complimentary pickle and cole slaw, chilled to perfection this time, I ate it all. I ordered the Turkey BLT, with Swiss on a Kaiser Roll. The sandwich was huge! And delicious! The turkey was sliced to my liking, the bacon crisp and the added touch of mayo on a fresh Kaiser Roll, OMG! I could only eat half so I took the other half to my Mom, who is from New York, and she loved it. The wait staff is great, but definitely favors the regulars, so maybe I will be one soon. I look forward to returning and definitely checking out their breakfast options & bagels sandwiches, because from what I saw they looked awesome.
5	Katz has become our regular weekend lunch/brunch spot.  Great little deli; I prefer to stick to the corned beef and pastrami-based sandwiches - all great.  Potato pancakes are also fantastic.  Great service as well - our son looks forward to seeing Gary each week.The only catch is that Katz is a bit hard to find.  Unlike the bulk of the otther restaurants in the Arboretum, Katz is actually located in the small office park at the southeast corner of the Providence / Highway 51 intersection.  It is surrounded by spas, doctors offices, and banks.  It is at the rear side of the building, not visible from the road.Stop in and get a sandwich from Katz - it's worth a try.
4	Love the Rueben.  You must try it.  The spot is tucked away and you must go find it.  It's worth the trek.
3	So what...big deal.  They were fine.  They are a diner/cafe/deli.I expected to walk in to a REAL Ny Deli...cold cuts to choose from, sandwhiches made to order right in front of you and stacked high with meat and cheese.This place has deli type items but the service is slow and I don't think the food is anything spectacular.  I was going to order hummus of all things but once I was told it wasn't made fresh in house I opted for a Bacon Egg and Cheese on a roll.  It was good--it was standard.  Husband ordered the burger that had chilli on it--again it was good.  It was standard.The people that frequent this place are all the New Yorkers that insist on making Charlotte a little New York.  They have their regulars that are just dying to make Katz a Brooklyn style deli.  It is actually quite comical in my opinion.  I guess if they are going to play that part then I would have expected a bit more.  But I would be fine if they just labeled themselves as a local deli/diner and kept their NY attitudes at home.
5	There sign says they have the best Reuben in Charlotte, but I haven't had one that good since I left Atlanta. And if you leave hungry it is not the fault of the portion size. I was served enough for two meals.
4	This is the closest you can get to New York Deli in North Carolina. It is a little out of the way but worth the trip to eat here. Our waiter was brash but I think that was part of the experience. After being served our drinks we were served pickles and coleslaw. I loved them both of them, and the pickles were my favorite kind, half sour. I ordered the tongue sandwich on rye with a spinach knish. The difference between this and a New York deli sandwich was the portion size. This Katz's was a lot smaller but still very good. The tongue was served warm and nicely slice. The rye bread was very soft and had a nice chewy crust. The knish was huge and served hot. It was delicious. Like a good deli they had a big bottle of stone ground mustard which was needed for many of the dishes we ordered. I ordered that chopped liver for the table and it was very tasty. I think it was chicken liver because it was much lighter then beef liver. It was served with crackers and a package and I think I would have liked it better with bread. We also got black and white cookies to go. They were excellent, very light and not too sweet. I would definitely come back here for an almost New York deli meal.
1	OMG!!!! I am a New Yorker and I am so disappointed!  The only only thing that reminded me of the original deli are the pictures hanging up. I dont mind paying $10.50 for a Reuben but pile it on like the New York location does.. I took my father there also a native New Yorker because we remember how it was and such a let down. We both said Arby's has them beat!!
2	I recently visited Katz's looking for their (formerly) delicious pastrami sandwich. After  I ordered I heard two people talking about the change in ownership. My sandwich came out, I took a bite and it didn't seem nearly as good as what I'd had before.I asked the waiter if it was the same pastrami and he said it was and asked how I liked it. When I told him not that much, he looked at me and then walked away without saying a word.Doubt I'll be back.
3	A bit of a challenge to find the place go around the back. Also a tad on the pricey side for what you'll get, but altogether a reasonable experience.The downfall (as it often is) is the comparison: Many compare Katz to a "New York Deli" - heck, it's right there in the name. There are really two sorts of delis in New York City, and I didn't feel like Katz lived up to either.In one, you are in a corner market with a grill behind the counter. This is my preferred deli, as you can get a quick-serve sandwich, grab a drink and be gone in a minute or two. Also, you rarely have a place to sit and it is generally quite inexpensive. Love these delis, and they are one of the best reasons to visit NYC. Katz is not this sort of deli.in the other, you have a more expansive place, such as the Carnegie Deli, right in Times Square. Their sandwiches are legendary. You could order one of these and quite possibly make three or four meals out of the one sandwich - you'll pay for it, but since you get so many meals, it's worth the investment. Katz is similar, but unfortunately, their sandwiches aren't up to snuff.Now this isn't to say that they are bad - service is friendly, and the sandwiches are decent. But they come out a bit slowly and they are nowhere near as large as their NYC brethren (cousins, perhaps?).This isn't to say that Katz isn't worth a visit, as the sandwiches are still probably better than many you can get in the Queen City, just don't expect to find what you would in New York.
5	So - looking at the reviews, I think this place has been reviewed pretty accurately.  If you are from NYC, the Northeast, or if you have ever been privy to a pastrami on rye, then I think you will like this place.  As a New Yorker, can I say this was the best, pastrami, knish and blintz I ever ate?  ... well, probably not.  However. I CAN say it's the best I have ever eaten in Charlotte.  Was it a bit on the expensive side?  Meh, a little, but I also don't see good delis every three blocks like I do in NYC - supply and demand - simple concept.  The waitstaff was quite friendly, the food was just as I expected, with a spotlight on the blueberry blintz - very tasty!  The knish was also great - big and gooey, everything you would expect - and real deli mustard - not that yellow abomination.  We skipped the dessert, but I imagine I will be back to try the kugal.  My bf, who became a fan of blintzes and knishes after the one visit, is already talking about a return trip.
2	Disappointing.  Rueben had way too much sourkraut. Bread was too thin.  Fries were seemingly unsalted. Servers were nice and a bit eccentric. My wife's challah French toast was doughy in the middle and served with little packages of imitation maple syrup.  I may try it once more to see what the chopped liver or tongue sandwiches are like. I was impressed that they had tongue. Two stars were given for the good service.
2	I fell for the "NY" and expected it to be great....not so much.  The amount of brisket on my sandwich was about 1/2 what you would expect from a NY Deli. There was a good amount of fat as well.  Nothing special and for $12 I was very disappointed. You would be better off buying a brisket, cooking it and slicing it, it would be much more economical and  you could trim the fat to your liking.  Not sure I will return....However the pickles are terrific!
2	Owners changed last year and it is now only fair. Just had a pastrami sandwich and it was very bland.
3	The biggest problem I have with this deli is that  compare themselves to Katz NY.  I went in expecting real NY deli... But they didnt know what a "Corned Beef Special was and the whitefish salad was just flaked whitefish.  That being said, compared to other delis in Charlotte, this place is definitely worth a try. Aside from less then mediocre bread and bagels, the food here is pretty good.Matzoh Ball soup is flavorful, deli meats are lean and the Nova is great.  As long as you don't go in expecting this place to be an authentic NYC deli, I think you will enjoy it.
2	A couple of years ago, I would have given this place a much higher rating. Recently, my husband and I visited Katz's for a late lunch. There were only 2 other people in the place and one waiter, yet the service was terrible. He didn't know anything about the menu and despite being told on the phone that they had what we were coming for, they wee out of it when we arrived an hour later. Portions are large, but otherwise not impressive.
3	A TRUE NYC deli and thank God that I found them open! The corned beef and pastrami are REAL, not that pre-fab/faux stuff you get from a package in many other CLT delis. The amount of meat on the sandwich was extraordinary and probably enough for a man. The rye bread fresh and soft. A side was a tablespoon of slaw (NYC style, too) and Kosher dill pickles! I saaw, but didn't get, a full selection of Dr. Browns sodas and cheesecake, too!The prices, are not cheap (my sandwich only, was $10, but worth it for me to make the drive to the Arboretum area and to finally find them there AFTER 3pm ( I wanted the pastrami/corned beef/reuben sandwich for weeks but could not find them open after 3pm). They ARE open later but not many days. The deli is located IN one of the office complexes, across the street from the Arboretum...sorta hidden away in the back. GPS led me right there. I'm thinking that is why they close early during the week...their main business is early AM til after lunch. My dream...that they do a FOOD TRUCK and join/add to the areas growing band of those! It is hard to find a great deli in Charlotte; just one more reason we are not a 'big city' just yet.
