5	Glendale is foreign territory to me. I decided to venture outside of Phoenix city limits and I was at the mercy of my friend, a Glendale resident, for a good restaurant recommendation and he went with Bravi Tuscan Kitchen. It had the typical "Italian kitchen" type interior; a lot of brick and wood, a large open bar kitchen area behind the main counter. We arrived with less than an hour to go before the 10pm closing time and the restaurant was fairly empty. Opting not for a booth, we wandered directly to the bar area in the back end of the restaurant so we could receive quicker service. The woman working this area was very friendly and fun and we quickly placed our orders so the kitchen crew could finish up for the evening. Contrary to the number of patrons in the building near closing time, Bravi is a very popular place to dine on a Saturday night. Our server told us that we missed the big dinner crowd and that there was a line out the door for a good portion of the evening. After a glass of the house red wine, I had a bit of the House Salad. It's tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette and is a tangy and tasty way to start out a meal. I also partook of a creamy tomato soup which quickly helped to satisfy my grumbling stomach. I ordered the Chicken & Artichoke Panini and my friend ordered a stone-oven pizza with pepperoni and sausage. Everything was great! Fantastic service coupled with awesome food. Other menu items include pasta (choose your own pasta, then choose your own sauce), Spinach & Cheese Ravioli, and Lasagna. Of course, other varieties of panini and pizza are there for the taking. Bravi also offers catering services. Bring a taste of Tuscany to your next special occasion. Though I don't always go to Glendale (who am I kidding, I never go there) I would definitely go back to Bravi in order to sample the other dishes.
5	The best tomato soup in Arizona (you can't always fly to Anchorage to get the best-best!).You walk in, place your order and pay, and then find a table or booth taking your "number" along.  By the time you get your drinks at the self serve station and get back to your table, your appetizer will most likely be there :)I always order the bowl of soup and an extra pieve of garlic bread.  Fills me up just right, and for $4, can you go wrong?  Whoever I go with always ends up getting a sandwich or pizza with a small side of soup and then says they should have just had what I had.  Their food is good, but the tomato soup is unbeatable.In the warmer months, enjoy the smoke-free patio out back.  For those fall nights, they will light up the fireplace and turn on the outside heaters.Great restaurant for lunching alone or with a friend or the whole fam-damily :)
5	If only one of these would open in Central Phoenix...because this is some awesome stuff!  We drove here from NW Phoenix - and it wasn't far at all. I've been told it was a cool sandwich and salad place.  That was a bit of an understatement.  Bravi is all about bringing you a bit of Tuscany.  Never been to Tuscany.  Personally, it feels more like Scottsdale than Europe to me, but maybe Tuscany feels a lot like Scottsdale.  But it's the GOOD part of Scottsdale restaurants.  Beautiful interiors, dark wood accents, concrete floors, huge wood bar in the back, artfully designed outdoor patio seating - the whole place felt comfortable immediately.  The menu isn't big - but it has just enough of everything.  We tried their Three Cheese Pizza, Garlic Bread and their amazing salad that is Sweet Gorgonzola & Pear with candied pecans.  Wow.  The pizza had a good chewy crust though it was thin, and had a sauce that tasted very "herby" and fresh.  The garlic bread was addictive.  The salad was out of this world.  Both of us were hungry from a long day of hosting a garage sale (who knew it made you that hungry!) and we expected to plow through it all, but there was enough left for a good sized lunch the next day.  With a more lady-like appetite, that could have easily fed 3-4 of us for about $25.  Watching the other food, I'm already excited to go back for round two even though I don't normally go up to that part of town often.  I think we may need to make a special trip to check out their Mushroom & Pepper Pannini, their yummy looking pastas and of course - their Tiramisu.  It may not be Tuscany, but it sure was good.
5	Bravi Tuscan Kitchen is a great little quick casual restaurant here in Glendale.   The building itself is very well done.  The food is cooked in sight of the customers and the entire layout of the restaurant is warm and inviting.  The food is nothing out of this world, but for its price it's an outstanding value.  The presentation is always fantastic and the wait is always short.  Service is not always the strongest, but if you really want to be babied you can hide in the back and they'll take good care of you.As a whole Bravi is one of my favorite spots for a quick, filling and inexpensive meal in Glendale.
4	I quite enjoy Bravi. I have been there 3 times, I think. Twice I sat in the bar (table service is only in the bar) and once I did take-out. Things I have had/tried: caesar saladmediterranean saladraviolicheese pizzatuscan pizza w/ chickenI really can't think of anything on this list I didn't enjoy. In fact, I seem to have a memory of leaving Bravi overstuffed and perhaps a bit tipsy on the house white wine. If you overeat, it's safe to assume it was tasty.Okay I am usually a HUGE nit-pick about "authentic" italian foods.... but what I like about bravi is it isn't pretentious or assuming. They don't come off to me like they are trying to prove something, and that I like. Also, (i think?) the pizza's are wood-fired, and that is truly the ONLY way to go with italian pizzas. Can be a bit hectic, but reasonably priced and a fun after-work stop off with the office ladies.
5	LOVE this place! The soup was especially delicious. The best part is, it keeps my husband the meat-eater and his wife the vegetarian equally happy.And the prices are unbeatable. I have yet to have a bad meal here.
4	Bravi has a super cute atmosphere, great thin crust pizza, giant pepperoni, and the best Cesar salad ever!  if you are looking for a laid back dinner spot Bravi is worth a visit.
5	In my continuing search for good lunch spots in the North Phoenix/Glendale-ish area I stopped by Bravi.  This one may be worked in the rotation.  They have reasonable lunch specials ($7-$8), I had a chicken artichoke panini.  The lunch special comes with a soup or salad and I had the tomato soup that was very good.
1	Eh.....Bravi Tuscan Kitchen is the italian version of paradise bakery.  Weird menu combo's, awkward ordering counter, then so service once your food is delievered.  I went to Bravi craving Panini and a glass of Pinot Noir without the expense of Postino.....we should have just made the drive.  $38 bought a pizza, a Panini w side salad and 2 glasses of nasty grocery store wine.  Not understanding the deal with service I walked away after giving a normal tip $50 poorer for a meal we could have bought in the food court.  Not only that but the place was filthy, granted busy friday night....but none of the 15 high school students standing behind the counter bothered to clear any of the empty tables.....bused tables outside were covered in leftover spagetti goo...and to top it all off a chubby 9 year old stared at me the ENTIRE TIME I ATE and I dont think her parents even noticed!  Maybe ok for lunch.....dont be expecting anything special!
3	An Italian version of Pei Wei or Paradise Bakery style dining - a cross between fast food and full service dining.  Place your order as you walk in, receive a number, get your drink yourself, and wait...Food is considerably better than anything fast food Italian, but it is still priced in the same league as nearby Italian chains such as Tagliani, Olive Garden, and Macaroni Grill.  I suppose it is nice to pay $10 for a simple pasta that is served rather fast, but if it's fast food then shouldn't it be priced a little lower?Pizza is very good.  Alfredo sauce is very, very runny.  Garlic bread that accompanies the entrees are quite good.
4	Stopped in for lunch and grabbed the pizza + salad + drink lunch special for $9. Nice deal.The salad was tasty. I got the Margarita pizza (sauce, cheese, tomato, basil) and it was good. Super thin crust, charred to a good crispiness. Lots of strips of fresh basil on top, making it extra delicious. I love fresh basil ! I probably wouldn't go here for dinner, but the lunch specials are great!
3	I've tried this place out three times now.  Twice for lunch and once for dinner.  Each time I thought the food and experience was just ok, and hoped for better upon the next visit.  I tried a few panini's, a pizza, and the tuscan tomato soup during my three visits.  Flavors to me were bland and nothing really made me say "wow this is good."  The decor is nice for a somewhat quick service restaurant, which may keep people coming back.  Overall I have to say this place is only "alright" in my book.
3	I don't get to Glendale very often... but I headed over to Bravi for a tweet-up this afternoon, and I ended up staying a bit after to get some work done.  The restaurant is located in a newer looking shopping center off of Union Hills and 59th Avenue.  The service was fine and the restaurant itself was clean and welcoming.  I saw there were a handful of people dining outside on the patio while I was there... I can't be too critical since all I had was a Mediterranean Salad (to-go) and a diet coke (with a few refills).  Jared and I had the salad along with an acorn squash and baked cod for dinner... and it was fresh, enough for both of us, and A-ok in my book!  Will I rush back? No.  But the rest of the menu looks appealing and if I am ever in Glendale seeking somewhere to get some grub or a glass of wine, I'd gladly return.
4	We had a restaurant coupon and thought we would use it. I had been there once before but only for a quick cheese pizza. The hostess explained they no longer accept the coupons because they were not getting a fair deal. They have no way of adding the 18% gratuity to the order and were finding folks were leaving nothing. She explained that we can get a credit from R.com for the cert. Cool I can't say I blame them. She offered some suggestions and they did not disappoint. We had the Tuscan pizza and the Mediterranean salad. I suggest getting garlic on the pizza, once we added a little it made it that much better. I would go back. The bar was well stocked and the menu was varied enough to keep me there a few more times.
4	came  here for dinner with the family. We ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza with some wings and cheesy bread. The bread was $4.25  and was two small pieces of bread. it was good but where is my $4.25 worth of cheesy bread. The pizza was pretty good and everybody liked it but bring your own sponge to soak up the grease. crazy amount. Nobody cared for the wings, i think it was more of the quality of them then the flavor. I liked the flavor.Id go back and order another pizza for sure.
5	Best Lasagna I have found in Phoenix...wait, Arizona....wait, anywhere outside of New York and Connecticut.  The way they make it is each one separately!  Your not going to get a hunk out of a big pan where you can get maybe get the burnt dry sides or the gooey middle with everything sliding across the plate...instead you get your own little mini lasagna were you get everything that is great about lasagna.  I like the set up, I think they call it fast-casual kinda like Pei Wei...almost looks like an upscale restaurant with a hoity toity waiter or waitress but its not!  You order everything at the counter when you walk in and then get a number for pickup or it gets taken to your table.  So the drinks are self service too just the way I like it.  Most restaurants either never give you a refill or they ask you 10 times if you want a refill while your trying to swallow another bite of food with a more than half full cup sitting in front of you.  I hope fast-casual catches on in more places...sorry waiters and waitresses.
5	Love Bravi! Especially the Tuscan Tomato Soup, but everything is delicious. Is it a four-star gem? No. But the food is still excellent.
2	The food is good but its overpriced.  $11 for pasta Barilla and Classico?...I'll pass.
4	My fiance and I come here maybe two or three times a month! We just love it. I often find myself going back n' forth from the Fettucini Carbanara to the Carbanara Pizza "My creation, Not on the menue". My only dislike about this restaurant is the inconsistency of their Pasta. Everytime we go it tastes different. The Pizza on the other hand is perfect everytime! Prices are great, Service is great and the atmosphere is just wonderful. All in All I give it 4 Stars!
5	BEST LUNCH NEAR MIDWESTERN:1. The food is extremely tasty2. Lunch portions are perfectly sized.3. They give 10% to students and faculty, make sure to bring your badge.4. Every 9 lunches equals a free lunch.5. Every meal comes with a beverage, make sure to ask for a "to-go" cup so you can take your drink to your afternoon classes
3	My parents love this restaurant for several reasons: it's close to the local high school sporting events, they have killer coupons, and the food is tasty. I often accompany them to dinner (it's free for me!), and I really see the appeal for them. I like Bravi ok, but I think that restaurant set up is kind of odd. You order from a hostess and pay, then you sit and wait until they bring your food out. It's really hard to get help or extra dressing or whatever after your food comes out because no one follows up. I like the mushroom pizza and Cesar salad, but it seems that everything they serve needs extra salt. I won't stop frequenting this restaurant, but I probably wouldn't go if my parents didn't take me.
4	Across the street from Midwestern, it is definitely one of my favorite lunch places for our anchor lunch break between classes. They have a lunch special and offer student discounts. However, get here early because this place gets crowded and service can be rather slow for those who have to get to the next class within an hour.  Other than that, the food is very tasty from salads to paninis to pizzas. All delicious to my taste buds :) OH, and the tomato soup is a must try...the best I had so far in Phoenix... I could almost just have soup all day
5	I absolutely LOVE Bravi! After being introduced to this place, I immediately took everyone I know here. My mom is a really big fan, and she's quite a picky eater. My favorite items here are the tomato soup (my personal comfort food) and the turkey breast panini. The gorgonzola and pear salad is also amazing. If you want to be nice to your taste buds, go eat at Bravi!!!
2	Went to Bravi today for a late lunch. It was a less than thrilling experience. We went because it was close, and it was in the neighborhood. Upon entering, we were the only people in the place. By we, I mean, me and one other person. This was not a herd, or gaggle, school, party, or group by any means. I ordered the sausage/meatball penne pasta, with fettuccine substituted for the penne, and with a "rose'" sauce (excuse me, miss counter helper girl, but I've never heard of it called that, as you said it to me in a condescending, snotty tone.) I also added a Caeser salad, and drink to go along with it. The other person in my party (one, only one) ordered the large Caesar salad. The salads were brought first. They were ok, but a tad heavy with the dressing on both. If you've ever had a Caesar struggling to come up for air due to drowning in dressing, you'll know that too much garlic and anchovy simultaneously can spoil any occasion. Do I sound condescending in stating that the lettuce WAS crisp? Here's where things started to go downhill; As we were the only two people in the restaurant, it was painfully hard to miss my dish of pasta sitting in the window after being cooked. It was also painfully hard to miss said counter helper girl chatting with the newly arrived co-worker as my food sat idly and feeling well neglected. A rescue party was organized, and my food was salvaged out of the window. Upon inspection, I observed that this dish, too, was drowning in a sea of liquid. After two bites of the Sea of Rose', I'd decided that I was not wanting to swim in sauce today, and sent it back. My sad fettuccine came back STILL drowning in sauce. I'd decided that attempting to get something done right a third time was going to be a pointless endeavor, and decided it best to suck it up, and eat my food, less someone return it with a loogie in it. Here's the kicker of the whole thing; about half-way through my new dish of un-fixed pasta, counter helper girl came to the table, and in her precious little snotty, snide tone said, "Next time, when you order pasta, you might want to tell them you want LIGHT sauce." I couldn't help but to have a plethora of snide, snotty remarks to return her way, but for whatever reason, refrained. Barely a 2. Only because of the interior decor. Maybe the garlic bread and crisp lettuce too. Maybe. But, the service sucked, and that girl with her snide, snotty, pretentious attitude left a whole lot to be desired.
5	I went into Bravi for the first time this evening...I live in central phoenix so & I don't get over to the west side very often. This evening I met my sister for dinner on her side of town. Now she had been before and told me it was yummy..it was INDEED yummy. I got the Baked Ziti and ordered my daughter the kids mac n cheese. The items are baked when you order them so even though it appears to be fast foodish in the set up of the restaurant don't be fooled. Our food came out and it was delish...good size portions. pasta was perfect with tasty sauce. My sister got the Gorgonzola pear salad and after having a bite I wished I would have ordered that for lunch tomorrow!! Chill relaxed environment with a bar in the back and tv's which were tuned into the baseball game....Huge bonus they offer Mr Pibb!! The staff was attentive and very curious. I ordered my husband a turkey sandwich to go and Iam happy to report it was thumbs up for him as well!!will make sure to get to the west side again in the near future.
1	Here is my update: I just received this incredible message from the "counter-helper girl".... After all this time, she sends this. Bitter much? Gofuck Y.Block UserOne minute ago"I am said 'counter helper girl' in one of your postings.  I was not trying to be snide or snotty, but simply help you with ordering for your next visit because I know how our food comes, always loaded with sauce.  But thank goodness, you most likely won't be returning.  And since you know so much about food and restaurants, I would think you'd know that the hour you came in at, is generally the slow part of the day in ANY RESTAURANT YOU VISIT.  I actually really do apologize that I came off snotty and snide, and that I was not prompt with your order, but you could have just been sincerely upfront and honest about your meal and I would have given you a free meal or two.  Instead of acting like a pretentious jerk to me while your fat girlfriend with fake hair threw daggers at me with her eyes and spending so much time blasting me on the internet.  And I'm sorry, how on earth could a 'counter helper girl' be at all pretentious by any means...  You were just rude, and it was unnecessary." Let's address, shall we? This email shows that you're a nasty, bitter, insecure bitch. Check. We most likely WILL be returning, but only to show your boss, and the owners this lovely email. Check. You have no idea how much I know about food & restaurants, because you don't know me, but run some quick math. I'm 35. I started working in the restaurant industry at 14. That's 21 years. Probably longer than you've been alive, girly. Been sincerely upfront? When? While you were talking shit with your co-worker? Right. I'll get right on it. Need I even address the "fat" comment? She's 6 feet tall and an athlete. Sorry she doesn't look in the mirror in disgust and need to go vomit herself into a positive self-image. Fake hair? Jealous much? It's real. As are her tits. That you need to talk about her physical looks to make a point about your shitty service reflects much about the way that you see yourself. Let me guess; you think you're fat, and hate what you see when you look in the mirror. She does not. Check.As far as those little daggers that you felt... It's because you suck at doing your job. You're there to work, not socialize with your besties. I watched as my food sat in the window for minutes with nobody paying any attention to it, to the tune of me needing to physically get up out of my seat to bring it to your attention. THAT is unacceptable service. It's shocking to us that there could literally be 3-5 people in the restaurant and food still sat in the window for a prolonged period of time. Again, unsat and unacceptable. Serving food that you admittedly say is loaded with sauce is "your thing", but to remake it exactly the same way shows a lack of attention to the customer.  Enjoy your job while you still have it, and I'll be seeing you soon. Check and checkmate.**I want to offer my sincere THANK YOU for validating everything that I stated in my review of you, and the restaurant.**
1	The worst service I ever had in years and the manager that in this case was the cashier completely put us  aside and give us an attitude. So sad to see  the most essential principle of a restaurant wich is service being ignored,  I hope they fix this issue but I wouldn't recommended to any body
5	Loved Bravi!!! The skip was soo yummy!  Sweet gorganzola pear salad very fresh, the place was very friendly and Clean, nice decor.. Not tackey.Great flat screens! We were helped by a very nice young man name Fidel, we had time to kill her as we were attending a cheer competition nearby..We will be back!
5	I love this place and go there frequently. Their personal pizza's are my favorite item! I love to get pepperoni and tomato on mine. The crust is...phenomenal and this is coming from someone who is not a crust fan. I also love their minestrone soup and garlic bread. Apparently the service is different for everyone, but I always have really awesome service. Always friendly, they remember our order, and are very personable.
1	I wasn't the biggest fan of Bravi. My boyfriend and I went for dinner the other night looking for some tasty Italian food. I ordered the Eggplant Parm. I did not like it at all. It was room temperature like it had been sitting for quite a while and I think it was kind of expensive for what you got, I hate to compare it to Olive Garden, but you can get a lot of eggplant AND you get pasta with it. Bravi just gives you a small amount of eggplant. It was also pretty soggy and bland. My boyfriend got pasta with alfredo sauce and sausage. The sausage was by far the worst thing we both have ever tasted. Similar to dog food, it was mushy! Alfredo sauce had little taste and the 'garlic bread' served on the side was bland. We would not return.
4	I was referred here by my professor and I was not disappointed. It was great quality, good atmosphere, and definitely affordable for lunch. They give midwestern students a discount and their lunch pasta portions are a steal. It would get a full 5 stars if they had a larger selection of sandwiches. But I definitely come back here often
3	This place seems to have recently changed management, like last 6 months or so. Food has changed slightly, and it's been downgraded. I am sad. Their little pizzas are still decent. But it's no longer spectacular like it was.
5	In my humble opinion, this is the absolute best italian restaurant in the valley!Their tomatoe soup is to die for. I  love their paninis and bruschetta and I always get a custom made FAMILY SIZE pasta to go home and enjoy since I live 2 hours away!They're extremely accomodating and will make the pasta just how i like it with all of my favorite ingredients and my choice of sauce.I absolutely love this place and was heart broken when the 2 restaurants in chandler was sold to native new yorker.I hope they expand down into the east valley soon :)
3	I went last night for my first time and found Bravi Tuscan Kitchen to be pretty average.One thing I didn't like was that it was confusing how things worked in the restaurant. The waiters don't really wait on you and it seems like you walk to get your own refills yourself, but they don't really let you know that. I'm still a little confused.Beyond that the food is nothing special. I got the chicken parmigiana, which I wasn't that crazy about. Although I will say that the caesar salad was quite good and the best one dollar salad that I think I have ever had. The bread that comes with the entree is not bad. The price was reasonable, so if I return it will likely be for that reason.
4	We went there about 2 months ago.  My kids had the kids pizza, my wife had an 8" pizza, and I had lasagna.  I was not impressed with the pasta and I'm not a pizza fan. They raved about the pizza.  Well they conned me in to going back.  Wow am I glad I did.  This time I had make your own bowl with marinara and sausage and meatball.  The sauce was average, I had to add a little salt.  The meatball was probably one of the best meatballs I've ever eaten, and the sausage was good too.  They also added table service instead of walk up counter.  Given the ambiance of the place I think that was a very smart move.  I recommend checking it out, and glad I did twice.  Though I wouldn't get the lasagna.
1	The food was extremely bland. I used a liberal helping of salt in the mushroom soup, and that improved the flavor a little bit. The cheese on the panini wasn't melted, and the chicken had no flavor. The bruschetta was overly flavored with garlic and syrupy balsamic vinegar, instead of being balanced. Even the soda tasted off.
4	Enjoyed the food.  Well laid out but seemed a little hard to find.  Quality ingredients, OK wine list.  It just lacked a little pop.  Just a bit above average.  Something I know they can improve.  They're a keeper.  I hope they tweak it and make it 10-20 or more...
2	We came here looking for something different for lunch close to work. It's a walk up and order then grab a table. The person taking orders was nice and fast. I ordered the clam and white wine sauce. This was a big mistake as clams seemed canned and sauce wasn't on point. The noodles weren't the right choice either as they seemed over done. For Italian food this wouldn't be a recommendation from me in the area.
3	New ownership....couple misses tonight: salad needs to be colder, caramelized onions on our pizza were only sauteed. Wines were really good.... Sangiovese and Pinot Noir.
2	We came with a very large group for girls night. The waiter never took my order which hey I get it everyone else already ordered.The lady at the front helped me she was very sweet.The food is just not good. I ordered a ceased salad chicken wings and a cheese pizza and it really isn't anything special I won't ever be going back.
2	Bravi is great! My family and I use to go there every week for dinner! Had an awful experience when it went under new management over a silly coupon. We went back after not going there for over a year and it seems as tho it's under new management and is back to the way it was! Good food, fairly priced!
5	My husband & I have been going to Bravi for the past couple of years now & it is one of our favorites. The food is always amazing & the service is great. Their tomato soup is one of our favorite things to get. We have tried many of their pasta dishes & have loved all of them. We also love the fact that they're always quick & friendly!
1	Went to this restaurant with my wife and ordered a meal to share.  5 minutes after we started eating the manager came out and said we have to take the plates back because we put a full size meal on them.
4	Pretty decent for lunch, and they have a great lunch deal.  I had the sandwich + soup/salad lunch combo.  The tomato soup was very flavorful and the sandwich was delicious.  They also have really nice outdoor seating.  This is sort of hidden behind Cafe Rumba.
3	Nothing to see here, move along. Average at best. I've had takeout from here twice and have been less-than-enthused. First time was minestrone soup (ok) and meatball sandwich (average). Yesterday was a Margherita pizza - nice crispy crust, decent size pools of fresh mozzarella and shreds of basil. Weird tomatoes; instead of slices, it was grape/cherry tomatoes cut in half and stuffed with garlic. Huh? I don't need tomatoes that squirt at me when I bit into them. I loves me some garlic, but between that and the chunks on the pizza, it was wayyyyy too overwhelming.
2	This place is close to my home and we thought of giving this a try this mother's day. It was 1:00 P.M and the place was packed. We were seated promptly but had to wait 10 minutes to even get a glass of water. Maybe they just forgot or were just too busy. I dont know. Coming to food. Their soup was good (I ordered Tomato and my wife ordered Minestrone). It came out quickly after placing the order. The main course (veggie roasted sandwich and Penne pasta in roma sauce) was totally meh! I mean it was not hot (probably sitting on the counter to be served or wasn't prepared well). They served us garlic bread which ironically had no garlic or hint of it (and it was cold). This was my first time at this restaurant...and probably the last time as well.
2	We have been to Bravi several times now, but now that it is summer and it's hot outside, they moved the band inside. Music is SO loud you have to yell across the table to speak to each other. Up til last night we had no problems (except that I'm vegan and twice they forgot I said no feta. I don't send stuff back, ever...so I just picked it off and gave it to my husband.) Anyway, last night we brought friends with us, not knowing about the music. My friend ordered the eggplant parmesan and didn't like it at all. I warned her that the menu said it was roasted, but she got it anyway. She said the breading was very thick, almost burnt, and could not be cut without using a knife. The eggplant itself was mushy. However, her husband loved it, so go figure. Anyway, I had the Mediterranean pasta and it was great. (and they remembered to leave the cheese off!) Both the guys got calzones, which are huge. They both seemed to enjoy their dinner very much. But I sure won't go back until the band is back outside. The wait staff is excellent -- very attentive, but not TOO much so. The place is clean and nice. It was just embarrassing to have our friend get a meal she couldn't eat, plus having to yell at each other.
5	Wow. Completely remodeled and rebranded as "Stella Rossa 59". Awesome Panini and salad. Great new menu.   Nice to see this upgrade!
