5	I used them & they got EVERYTHING deleted off my credit report & my score went up 100 points.  The staff is extremely friendly/helpful & they bend over backwards for clients.  They're true professionals & I do highly recommend their services for credit repair.They are not magicians. You have to do your part meaning: send them info they ask you for, sign things that they ask you to sign, open a "secure credit" card on your own. Most banks have them & they will give you referrals if you need info to get one. Most ppl think you sign up & they take it from there. NO. That would be impersonating you. They're the experts & do the majority of the work. The client is responsible for responding to their requests.
5	The staff and the owner are very professional and are willing to take the extra steps to clean up discrepancies and increase your scores. Many of the people they deal with are unscrupulous and are dishonest. They return phone calls and e-mails promptly. They give straight forward advice and also give you a plan on your credit reports. Continue what you do and much success in helping the many people that are trying to better their financial status.
5	I have been working with Dawn McCraw to clean up my credit so for the first time as a single parent I could be a homeowner again. After 2 divorces, bankruptcy and several medical bills I am happy to report that my credit is as high as its ever been and I am under contract to purchase a home. I couldn't be happier with the service that I have received. They make dreams come true :)
5	I just want to thank Susan and Dawn for helping me out. I was getting denied for everything I applied for because of a foreclosure that was being reported wrong. A customer suggested I go to them and I am so glad I did. After 4 years of deny, deny, deny I am finally on track to having my old credit back. I thought I was going to be paying thousands and thousands of dollars but they were completely affordable and worth every penny, in fact I really feel like I should've paid more. I just told Susan thank you for doing so much for me, for such a little amount. Do yourself a favor and go see Susan and Dawn today to get your life back on track like I did. I promise you won't regret it.
5	Go Clean Credit did what they said they would and THEN SOME!! They also got collections deleted I thought would never go away and saved me more than 10 X's what they charge alone.  I highly recommend them!  580 to 680 fico (low 700's when I pay my CC's down)
1	They charged me $1000 and made my score worse than what it was to begin with. I do not recommend using them. The items that were deleted I could have done myself. Total waste of money.
