5	No one? Really? No one has written a review?!I've walked past Fashion by Robert Black more times than I can count. Unfortunately, it was ALWAYS closed. I would pause at the window staring lustfully at all the beautiful treasures and curse this Robert person for not having better hours. Well, no more! They are open on Sunday---no better way to spend a Sunday than brunching and vintage shopping.Let me just tell you a few things:1) I will NEVER buy jewelry/sunglasses/accessories anywhere else (lie, but that is how I felt after browsing their collection of beauties).2. Amazing hats. The Derby never looked so good. 3. The woman, wish I remembered her name, working on Sundays is a total gem. If you don't fall in love with her (and vintage shopping) something is wrong with you. Or you're a burly straight man, and then I totally understand.
4	I attended my first Robert Black fashion show a number of months ago and since then I've been meaning to get in to his shop on 1st Ave. It never worked out because my working hours were exactly the same as his typical hours, Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 6pm. Fortunately, unemployment opens up ones day rather dramatically, so I finally got in to his shop about 3 weeks ago! I would wear dresses exclusively, weather permitting, and this is a wonderland for my addiction. Robert let me meander around and offered any help as I needed it. I tried really hard to stay away from the fabulous gowns at the back, though my arms reached for some delightful vintage floor length dresses that would have set me back $800 a piece. I ended up with what I call a 'Sound of Music' dress, a tea-length halter dress with a full skirt that is perfect for a wedding in a national park that I'm attending later this summer. Or you know, fleeing to the Alps. Dresses are completely reasonably priced (mine was $85) and there are funky vintage costume jewelry pieces, lovely hats and vintage shoes in great condition. Get yourself in there!
4	Do you need a $10,000.00 floor length fur coat? Cause they have one here! This place is so fun with their high fashion vintage clothing and accessories. My friend and I spent a good 45 minutes playing around with the couture awesomeness. They have everything from belts, to hats, to dresses, to sequined feathered pants (yeah, that's right), to brooches and other jewelry. The woman working behind the counter was so nice and knowledgable about all the items, she could tell me what collection each item came from, not that I would know if she were pulling my chain, but it was still amazeballs. Next time I pick up an extra shift at work, I'm so spending my money in this store!Oh, and dont forget to get a lollipop on the way out!
5	This is my favorite in person store to go to.  Why?  1) Dresses in here actually FIT you - I have better luck in 10 minutes finding dress after dress that fits than I do after 4 exhausting hours at the mall.  2) You won't find anyone else wearing what you just bought.  Have you ever gone somewhere and saw your outfit on another 1 (or more) person?  Hate that!  But when you buy here, that doesn't happen.  3) So many sizes and styles to choose from.  With pieces from the 1920's - the 1980's you have a fun array of styles that easily look modern - anytime.  Love, love, LOVE this store.  I now own 10 vintage pieces from Fashion by Robert Black.  And EVERY time I wear something from there I get stopped on the street with compliments from strangers.  EVERY single time.
5	Stepping through the doors of Fashion by Robert Black is the equivalent to stepping into the fashionable past of bejeweled gowns, Louis Vuitton glove boxes, rhinestones on everything and class galore. Robert Black has an extraordinary collection of vintage apparel and it's incredible that it's for sale and not in a museum. Whether you're looking for a vintage dress, sweater, coat, broach, earrings, necklace, purse or cuff links, you'll find a top of the line vintage version of it here. Even if you just want to step through the past and experience how life once was, it's worth the visit. This is the combination between shopping and a historical experience. Fashion by Robert Black's hidden in front of your very eyes just off Scottsdale Road south of Indian School. While party goers are stumbling home from the dive bars, these one-of-a-kind masterpieces are looking on. It's a must-visit because it's a store with a looking glass into the past.
5	This place is AMAZING! The quality of the vintage clothing is top notch and you can actually shop it! What I mean by that is....it is NOT your typical vintage shop where they cram as many clothes on the rack that they can to where things get damaged and it is impossible to even shop. The staff is incredibly helpful, friendly and knowledgable of the eras and designers they have. If you have something particular you are looking for...they have it and if not they will go above and beyond to make sure they find it for you! I have never been to a vintage clothing store to where they will actually spend time with you to make sure they find you the right piece of clothing that fits you like a glove! They have it all from the 1920's to the 1980's..dresses, purses,hats,jewelry, men's accessories! So...go there...shop and have a wonderful experience! I promise you will not be disappointed
4	Unique vintage dresses and swimsuits.
5	I loved Robert Black's Vintage Shop!  I fell in love with his Bob Mackey Gown   on display as you walk in the door!!!  His store has a wide selection of upscale vintage clothing.  Robert and the people working in the shop are delightful  creating a fun experience shopping.
2	You know when you are going to visit relatives in another state and you do your homework and find the bitchin vintage shop you can't wait to visit? Me too!So I step into Robert Black's store. And it's pretty damn cool. Amazing frocks spanning the stylish decades! Nothing stained! Plenty of room between garmets!I find this great 50's number. It fits perfectly. I am so excited to purchase it for my upcoming vacation.Huh. The woman working there says it looks as though it's on layaway. But she isn't sure why it was on the rack....she says she will call the owner. He doesn't know. She calls the other woman that works there. No answer.It is getting silly and I decide to leave. The clerk takes my number and says she will let me know whether or not I can buy the dress on e she figures it out.She never calls.Thanks a bunch, Fashion by Robert Black. As great as your clothes may be, I will never return.
5	I usually don't review places that sell clothes, because I usually know better to go in them :) but I went to this one today to browse around. Sweet baby Jesus, the dresses are divine, there's nothing like looking at vintage dresses that transport you to the era that they're from. This place is a must to check out. Sure, the presses are steep, but it's like wearing a piece of art that no one else can buy!
5	I fell in love the moment I walked in. Hundreds of delicious high end vintage dresses from the 20s to 70s. Thoughtfully presented, reasonably priced for the quality and care. I found the perfect red and gold wiggle dress from the sixties for my 10 year university reunion. The owner was helpful and gave some great suggestion.
5	I've been to many vintage stores including some rather grand ones. But this is the BEST one ever! Incredible selection (love that the measurements are listed on the tag) and Robert is so nice. I'll be back next time I'm in town!
