5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!I have been looking for affordable Afghani pendants for a tribal belly dancing costume. I finally found the pieces I needed to complete a coin bra and head band!! They have them dumped on a table and each is only $10. Every so often they have store sales, so make sure you sign up for their mailing list.They also have unique beads from other countries, strings of fresh water pearls for only $5 (I think this was a special sale.) and hair sticks made out of metal, wood and bone that have holes drilled in them so you can add fancy bead work.This place is super cool for the crafter at heart!
5	I have been a beader on and off for about ten years. I have been to many bead stores, and this one is awesome. I didn't know that they have FREE classes at the store until I looked at their website, but most other places charge $40-100+ for a single class. When I first went, it was a weekend where they were having a sale, and there were tons of people there. Their regular price is pretty reasonable, but sale days are even more awesome. It's hard not to get overwhelmed because there is just soooo much stuff in one store. And don't let the store front fool you, this place is large and in charge. If this is something you do at least semi-regularly, I would suggest getting on the mailing list because they have sales pretty often. One critic I have is that their chain selection was not super great to me. There was a lot of it, but not all of them were really what I was looking for. I told this to a sales guy and he was shocked. He said I should just more beads instead of chain. Hah! People here are friendly and helpful in trying to get you what you need! Highly recommended!
2	Not impressed...the inventory is old and outdated. Most of it looks cheap...not a plus for anyone trying to sell their pieces.I also do not like how they make you put your purse in a locker...I get that not everyone is as trustworthy as I am, but it turns me off.
5	If you are looking for African trade beads, shells, or unusual imports in the Phoenix area, this is the place to go. It's also a good place for semi-precious stones at middle of the road pricing. Metal clasps and spacers seem a bit overpriced here. I've been coming here for 20 years, so, it's an old favorite.
4	This bead store is definately worth going to.  They have very good sales that seem to be happening all the time (or at least around the holidays when I am in Phx), I always walk away with more than I intended.  The quality of the beads isn't always what I am looking for, and I like to find very unique things which in this store you really have to search for.  Overall, you can find all your basics and then some at a pretty good deal.
3	Staff is okay. They have a lot of conversations on the sales floor that shouldn't be held in front of customers. Prices and sales are really good.
4	Great selection. The first time I went in I was very overwhelmed. I hadn't been crafty in years and I didn't know how the store worked. I later went back with an artist friend and she carried around a little basket to put her treasures in. I think they do a pretty good job of keeping beads organized. Pricing is sometimes hard to determine if you find something out of place. I feel beads are a little bit pricey. Whoever thought crafting was cheaper was wrong, but it's more fun and the only way to create an original piece of jewelry.
5	A little hobbie that can be filled with hours of joy, and involve hundreds if not more pieces not to mention cost.  Beading is a great way to make gifts, create a desired look, involve family and friends and yet can be tucked away when finished for the day.  I am always on the look out for beads, and this store is a must see kind of place.I discovered it in the back of one my bead magazines and we often go to Phoenix, so one day we looked it up and I've been coming here every time we're in town.  I buy small quantities and one of kind or hard to find things, at great prices.  The bead stores in Vegas just do not compare.I could spend hours looking and touching all of the goodies here, but since I usually have my husband waiting in the lobby, he's great at being patient, I do a quick look around and make note of what's where then consult my list and make a second round to complete my selections.  Prices are reasonable and the selections are plentiful.  Great store wish I had business license to save even more!
4	This is definitely one of the largest beading and jewelry making supply stores out here in the valley. The selection is pretty large. The layout has the majority of their products easily seen and easily available. They do have some tables that are full of bins you will have to rummage through to find pieces you want. The back wall is also set up this way with different findings. I come here fairly often when I need some supplies. Their prices are fair, and they are often running sales of 40-50% off their merchandise. They do ask that you leave large purses and bags in lockers, to avoid issues of theft. Since I know this I only go with my purse itself this way I can just tuck it under my arm, since I don't like the idea of leaving my actual bag in a locker. As mentioned above, the prices are fair for what you find. They carry everything from the inexpensive to semi-precious and precious stones. Those, of course, are pricey.
3	Words of advice!  Plan to spend at least an hour here and at least two hours if it's your first visit. I have been beading and jewelry making for about a year. This place is awesome for the beginner since their prices are great and their sales are amazing. Don't be afraid to ask the helpful staff for advice. They are on it!  Take a trip around the store first, then make a second round for making actual selections. It can be overwhelming. For the beginner who WILL make mistakes, hit up the findings wall in the back. You can buy in bulk and mess up as much as you want without feeling like you're wasting too much money. Also hit up the items marked "net." You won't get sales prices on these since prices are already low but again, practice on the less expensive options first. One criticism, sometimes their stock is not as great as others. After the Tucson jewelry show their gemstone selection was amazing. I haven't found the store to be overly crowded even during big sales. The showroom is spacious. Last, get on their mailing list so you get into private sales (last sale was 50% off)  They really do ask you for the secret code.  Happy beading!
5	Score 40% off today on top their already great prices.  I come with a budget and try to spend within that budget, but today with 40% I can buy more for the same budget.   This place is so great, lots of beads, glass, pearl strand, wooden and rock.  I usually come in and walk around looking at every table, wall and bin, then I come back a second time focusing on just what I wanted, and then come back for what I liked.  You mark the number and the amount per piece and then when ready for check out, the verify what you got and get you checked out.  The staff are friendly and very helpful, so if you have questions or want some ideas, they are ready for you.  I even find the guys working there have a great understanding of the product and can take you right to an item you just cannot find.  Overall, a great bead store, I hit it every time I come to Phoenix and recommend it to any one who enjoys beading!
5	This place is loaded with a beaders dream bead! Great selection, tons of specialty and a huge selection of standards. Chain by the inch, and everything assessory. Great specials, 50% off days, late night hours and great give a ways!Fun, friendly staff, good prices.
4	This place is incredible...the selection will astound you, I promise!If you have beads running through your blood, you have to make this place an unhealthy habit...I could never come here on a payday...just too, too many beautiful choices.Huge selection on stone, glass, metal, plastic, handmade beads. They have accessories, chain, tools, findings, leather, ribbon, silk, synthetic and elastic supplies.Classes, hours and variety of prices allow you to learn, buy and shop 'til you drop.Oh and the staff are super helpful.The icing on the top? There is a Chinese restaurant next door: you can shop 'til you nearly drop, go next door for some more fuel...and go back for another round...hahahahahha
5	Ok, add me to the list of happy customers.  This is a great place!!I am new to beading and was a little nervous, not really knowing how to do any of this.  But the staff were really friendly and down to earth and I never felt pressured to buy anything.  The owner was very laid back and just offered suggestions and this and that.I am glad I live locally and plan to take advantage of the classes.  I would consider this store the best in the valley.  I did some investigating and visited a few other stores but this one was the best, in my opinion.  If you sign up for the email list, they often have special big discount sales so that's a good thing too.  Yay!
3	If you bead with wire and chain this is a great store.  If you bead with thread, this store, like most, doesn't carry superduos, tila beads, etc.  I have to buy my beads online as it is so hard to find these in our Phoenix area.  Their is only one store I know of.  Come on Beads Galore, their are many thread beaders
3	Good selection. First visit today and felt very uncomfortable being told to put my purse in a locker. On a budget currently and wasn't looking to really stock up, just pick up a few certain things. A number of staff members working but no one spoke to me until they noticed I never put my purse in the locker. Once she started talking to me she was a little short and I felt like she was almost laughing at me when I asked questions about pricing. Handed me a basket that I didn't really need, so when I gave it back after just grabbing the one thing I came in for she seemed annoyed. I felt like I was bothering her or had offended her? Not sure, just an awkward vibe up front.The man who cashed me out on the other hand was an absolute sweet heart, and if he hadn't been so helpful and pleasant with me I would say it's not worth the drive.Overall, I will definitely keep them on my list of places to visit next time I need to stock up, but will only stop by if I'm in the area.
4	I can always find something to work with here, although they are frequently out of the specific style of chain that I need. They have awesome sales, frequently. As far as the purse thing goes, I leave my purse at home and just bring my wallet. Problem solved.
2	Website does not reflect accurate stock levels, company fails to inform customers of out of stock items and processes the order short, when you call to address the matter, they very rudely talk over you and hang up. I take that as a sign they don;t want my business, I will be happy to oblige.
1	I hate myself every time I wind up shopping here. Having to lock up my purse, indifferent staff, high prices....  plus they carry very little sterling and charge through the nose for what they do have.
4	When I lived in Mesa this was my all time favorite bead place. I've skimmed some other reviews and I agree the -put your purse in a locker is a bit odd, but my jackpot finds always made it worthwhile. It's a single room shop with lockers in the front to put your things in. Beads lining all walls plus long tables covered in strands and containers with beads and findings. They frequently have amazing sales where you can get things for 40-60 % off. The selection is great with tons of options in seed beads, crystals, and precious stones. Both precious and non precious findings. And a lot of variety of just other interesting things you didn't even know you needed!I definitely miss this place and would recommend it to anyone living in the area.
1	I refuse to be treated like a criminal by default. I WILL NOT give up my personal property becaue they think I might steal something. Most of the stuff in this place is junk.
