4	How many Ray's Pizzas does it take to have an authentic, NY style slice of pepperoni heaven?  One -- Ray's on Bell Rd. & 3rd Street! If you want to feel like your walking into a pizzeria in downtown NYC, with rough-talking, no nonsense Italian-Americans (or do I dare say... Sicilians?!), then Ray's is the place to go.  Their pizzas are delicious as are their other offerings: pasta dishes, calzones, meatball and Italian sausage subs. Decor is pretty old and run-down, with a lot of old posters of NYC that haven't been dusted in awhile, but who cares when the food is awesome and hearing the guys in the back yell at each other is hilarious!  Be warned, though, some may think the staff comes off as rude... I just call it matter-of-fact.
5	Okay, I've upped them a star because I heard through the grapevine that they've repainted and refreshed their interior. Hmmm... did someone tell them about my review?!
4	So before we dove into the rice pudding last night, I thought we should eat something with some more substance and nutrition... and although I'm not the biggest pizza fan, I swear I've heard somewhere that pizza is considered the perfect balanced meal!I did make a spinach salad to go along with it, but calling ahead to Ray's was quick and easy.  We ordered one large Sicilian cheese pizza (actually, Jared ordered it this way - I would've ordered some fun toppings but oh well) for the four of us to share.  Turns out it was plenty... One piece was just enough for me - they are big slices and even with the guys eating two slices each, there were a couple leftover slices too!Ray's was pretty impressive - if you like a little bit of grease on the pizza, Ray's delivers just that... I followed my friend's lead and blotted it a bit with a napkin before diving in and devouring my slice.  I would 100% take out from Ray's again... it was reasonably priced ($16.50 for a large - actually, that may be a bit pricey for pizza but since I don't eat it very often, I am kind of clueless); it travels well, and I bet leftovers are just as good if not better - actually, I'll find out today when I have them for lunch!
2	The store near Bell and 7th St. was filthy.The employee making the pizza obviously had a cold or sniffles or something.  Repeatedly touched his face and handled the food.My slice of pizza was very good.But the utensils were all soiled, the tables were dirty, windows dirty, etc.Been to this and other Ray's pizza locations many times.
4	It was my birthday a couple weeks ago, so I figured, what better way to celebrate than with some NY pizza!Granted, the place was a little out-of-date, sorely in need of a soapy scrubbing and the guy who took my order could have been polite enough to HANG UP THE CELLPHONE while he took my order.  Honestly, I didn't know when he was talking to me or the phone.  Other than that, he was friendly enough, the pizza didn't take long (I stood & waited while it baked), and the order-taker guy helped out an elderly gentleman to order more food for less money (how sweet, right?).I had my favorite combo: mushroom & onion.  it was greasy, cheesy & just perfect!  The crust was crisp, the pie was hot.  The only thing I could complain about was I did have a couple of onionskin pieces on the pizza.  Overall, tasty slices & I'd be pleased to enjoy another pizza, but I might order beforehand.
5	If you are looking for REAL NY pizza, then look NO FURTHER than Ray's!!! My first time there I was taken by my Mom, who obviously has GREAT TASTE, and told it is the "BEST PIZZA IN TOWN!" And no truer words have been spoken about a pizza joint! The pies have HUGE slices! The employees are TRUE BLUE New Yorkers!And BEST OF ALL...... GREAT TASTING PIZZA!!! You've got to try it to believe it......I guarantee you won't feel the same way about pizza!
4	I was skeptical when my cousin asked me to go to pizza....at 7th St and Bell (we live in Central Phx).  I thought she was a little nuts to drive so far for pizza.  But YUM!  The place ain't fancy.  And the wine is from a really big jug.  However, the pizza was fantastic!  Excellent crispy crust but not at all burnt.  Lots of toppings!  I took some home despite my cousin's protest that the crust wouldn't be as good.  But a few moments in the toaster oven and I had a great leftover.  I will be back!
5	The pizza, to die for! The sauce is perfectly spiced, the crust, especially when they throw a slice in the oven for you to re heat quickly, crisp and yummy.. This is my idea of pizza heaven. They place is a little shabby, and the people running the joint a little aloof and kinda like they are from another planet, but the pizza is really good. If you are ordering for carry out, call a bit more ahead than you want, I have never not had to wait while picking up the pizza..I am not a fan of the steak sandwich, skip that one. Go for the pizza!
5	Not all Ray's is the same.  This Ray's is the best pizza outside of Brooklyn.
5	Ray's is the closest you're going to get to real NYC slices in PHX. I lived in NYC for 10 years and got addicted to large, foldable, just-sloppy-enough slices. Though I usually neglected the Ray's chains of questionable origin and quality in Manhattan in favor of other joints I liked better, finding Ray's in North Phoenix was an epiphany. If you're a New Yorker looking for a taste of home Ray's in North Phx will take you there.
4	Excellent pizza and fantastic selection of Italian food. Prices are wonderful as well.
5	By far my favorite pizza!!!
4	This is the best NY style pie in town.  I would give it 5 stars but they don't have free drink refills and the counter person rarely gets off of her cell phone to take your order.
4	We've been eating here for almost 15 years.  5-star food, 3-star facility.If you like a good, cheesy-gooey NY-style pizza, this is the place for you.  The pies are good enough to offset the dumpy ambience which, believe it or not, was recently painted and redecorated.  Seriously, Ray's is the gold standard by which we judge all pizza joints that we visit --- in AZ and beyond.Staff can be grumpy (also NY style! ;-)), but they warm up to the many regulars that frequent this place.  To us, when it comes to pizza, taste trumps service and ambience any day of the week!Walls are decorated with NY and AZ sports memorabilia, and behind the counter you'll see photos of the main proprietor as a young teenager working at a pie shop in Brooklyn with (presumably) his dad.  Yep, pizza runs in the family here...and you'll appreciate it at first bite!TIP: Free pitcher of soda with a whole pizza, which I think is unadvertised, so ask about it when you order.   UPDATE: Not sure this is still valid, but there is usually a Yelp special in place.They do deliver, but only on orders of (I think) $100 or more...Incidentally, there are several Ray's Pizza shops in the Valley.  We haven't visited them all, but this one trumps (bad pun) all of the ones that we've visited in terms of awesome tasting pies.  Ray's at 3rd St and Bell Rd can't be beat!
4	This is simple, straight-forward NY pizza done right. Do take-out instead of dining-in because the dining area is just an afterthought. Also, don't let the cashier's New York attitude scare you off, the pizza is worth it. Wings aren't bad either.
3	The pizza was pretty good. Greasy and cheesy which is important to me.The only things I would change are the service and the pricing. A little too pricey for what they offer and the guys behind the counter have ZERO personality or social skills. They are literally a-holes to everyone.
4	Good slices here, including Sicilian.  Good deals too, the usual stuff - couple slices with soda.  Nice residual flour on the crust.  Sicilian sauce was tasty.
4	closest thing to NYC style pizza I have found in PHX. Sandwiches are decent, garlic knots are doughy and have real minced garlic. Lots of great NY sports/news/pictures on the walls. Has a real old school feel to it. Staff isn't the brighest, and comes close to authentic NYC service.
5	2 slice sheese, 15 hot!!!
5	Where's the 6-star rating?Best pizza in Phoenix--maybe on the west coast entirely.  Don't go in expecting to get a smile out of the staff though.  I've been going there for years and they could have no teeth and I wouldn't know it.
4	I come here any time my wife and I are wanting some simple slices. The food is always good and cheap with the slices being huge. I usually order two forgetting just how big they are! I've read a lot of reviews complaining about the service, which I don't get. The workers aren't rude, they always get your order right, and a few times I've gone, they've tossed us some freebies. Will they win a Miss Congeniality pageant? Probably not. Great pizza at a great price? Definitely!
4	So much closer to authentic Italian/American cooking. The sauce was good, very good. The dough was a little old, which made it a little chewy...., but that didn't take away from the overall pizzaee goodness much.    I had a pepperoni, extra mushroom pizza and they piled on the mushrooms. It was such a relief to find a pizza place in Phoenix that resembles a good old fashioned NY pizza parlor. I will be back and am still searching for the best pizza, which hopefully I will find someday, then I can die a happy man. lol
5	What more can I say.  Nice staff coupled with the best New York Style pizza in town, I say that's a match made in heaven.  This restaurant deserves 6 stars!
5	New York ghetto feel in a strip mall but delicious pizza!!!! Not oily and crunchy thin crust with plenty of toppings if you want. We ordered a large with jalopenos, mushroom, and sausage. Nom nom.
5	2 words.    Yum YumI havent met a Rays that I dont like,  and thats a scientific fact.
2	Great pizza and wings but some of the employees are rude.  Lot of good pizza in the area think I will start going elsewhere
5	I'm from Chicago so I'm picky with my pizza--this place does it right (NY style)! I love the "hole in the wall" feel. Every customer that walked in was a regular which was a good sign. I ordered the Mozzarella sticks and a large Monster Pie (Sausage, pepperoni, bell peppers, onion and cheese). The mozzarella sticks took a little while to come out but they were cooked to perfection. They also threw in a few garlic knots which was awesome. The pizza was unbelievable--I think the crumbled sausage really did it! They have great deals like large pie & 20 wings for $20 which I definitely will be taking advantage of during football games on Sunday. Glad to have found a new place where I can also be a regular!
5	When I saw the $20 for $10 deal at Rays I jumped on it.  Ordered the breaded chicken w/ spaghetti dinner.  My buddy ordered the sausage hero sub.  I was amazed when they told us we needed to order something else to use the entire $20 deal.  We choose the cheese garlic bread.  The food was great and the service was good. Could not have asked for more!
5	I was really turned off to a Rays at a different location a year ago because they used canned mushrooms, so I was hesitant to go here when my bf suggested to go to Rays again when I told him I was craving a large slice of greasy cheese pizza.. Luckily, this location is the closest to him. We walked in and it had a super NY feel to it. The guy who took our order was super grumpy and so was the pizza chef, but they were so entertaining and as weird as it sounds, it made the place even more authentic. While most people would complain about the rudeness and all, I happened to appreciate and so did my bf. We got the "small" order of garlic knots and the 2 slice and drink combos. What a great deal! The garlic knots took a while but it was definitely worth the wait. They were the best we have tried. And the marinara sauce was delicious too. The order was HUGE!! I couldn't believe that was considered a small. It can be shared by 2 or 3 people. The pizza was AMAZING! They were slices of heaven! It was exactly what I had been craving. Can't wait to go back. New York City pizza in Phoenix :)
5	Great food and great service. Some staff may not be entirely welcoming, but so what. Everything else makes up for it.
5	This is  hands down the best ol pizzeria in az  amazing!!!!Nothing beats this pizza and their specials.Give em a try you will be guaranteed you will be back for more!!!!
4	2 slices of pizza with a free drink for lunch. I got a white pizza with some red sauce on top. It is the perfect mixture of flavors. I also go the ham and green peppers. The peppers are better suited for the sausage and peppers sandwich. I do not like them on the pizza. The crust has a nice chewy consistency and a good flavor. The service is fun, the place is clean. Price's are great!
4	Good pizza and wings at a good price. Can't really go wrong with Famous Rays
5	Best NY pizza - consistently good. Always tastes better extra crispy or warmed up.
5	2 words .  Soooooo good!
4	Love the pizza and the staff. The gravy could use some work. I'm a regular and it's the only place I'll get down home local (to me) pizza.
5	This is the BEST PIZZA I've had here in Phoenix, seriously out of this world.  The neopolitan/new york style is amazing, the cheese is nice and gooey, the crust is nice and chewy, and the bottom of the pizza is slightly crunchy.  The sauce they use is perfect, sweet but just enough. I seriously cannot say enough about how great this place is.  When my boyfriend called to place an order for pickup he took too long and got hung up on, with a curt "We're busy, your pizza will be ready in 20" in true New York style.  Love it!
4	I really like the NY-style pizza that Ray's gives ya. I dined in with the yelp $10 for $20 deal and got a Large Monster and it was delicious. The decor was extremely NY. The service was counter style which was down to earth. I will be going back for sure. Less one star because I've had better but this by no means isn't fantastic!
3	Using yelp, I got a great deal here. But the food took forever and the man behind the counter couldn't even crack a smile. No doubt it was good pizza though!
5	I LOVE their pizza! It is lightyears away from the chains and the family owned atmosphere is awesome. Also the slices are HUGE!
1	Worse "Ray's" I've been too! The girl told me that they raise their prices this time of year cuz of pizza. Took over 30 mins to get our food! Worst pizza ever!! It was just sauce and little but of cheese. Plus I had the coupon and so they just added $10 to the price of my food so a pizza and wings was $35 all of a sudden. Horrible food!!!
5	I went here today for the first time in months and it was exactly what I expected.  I have been going to this location for almost 10 years now, not very regularly.  Each time I go there I hope they are still in business because it seems most places in that plaza have struggled with the economy.  Sure enough, they're still in business.I was pleased to know they still had their ALL-DAY 2 slices & drink special for around $4.50. 2 Cheese New York Style slices and a Mountain Dew.  Great pizza, laid back atmosphere you should expect from an authentic NewYork Style pizza joint.Just as good as it has always been - great pizza. I have also had their wings in the past and they're great too!
4	oh my gosh these pizza's are huge! i love a good pie with everything on it (minus anchovies) and these are as good as it gets.
5	ALWAYS GREAT NY PIZZA! The original Ray's and still the best! Calzones, sicilians, wings, you name it! You'll feel like you just stepped off the number 2 train and landed in NYC.
2	Pizza was ok , personally I thought it would blow my mind but it tasted a little better than frozen pizza. And the hot Wings were disgusting , they were literally stone cold and some were hot. It like they were frozen for a month and left in the hot sauce , really dry wings. Never coming back... Btw the guy who answers the phone is not very friendly at all when asking for specials and sounded very annoyed when I called.
5	We ate here 20 years ago and then moved away. Just came back for a visit and it's still delicious.  The service is very friendly and the pizza is amazing. The crust is the perfect balance of crispy and chewy.  The sliced sausage topping is my favorite. Pizza slice with sausage and pepperoni, dipped in ranch dressing.. Yum!
4	Ray's Has Some Of The Best Pizza I Have Had In A While. Great Toppings, Not Greasy. I Will Be Returning For More, Also Great Prices!!
4	Great place to go for some really fantastic N.Y. pizza. We've been visiting this location for years and nothing from the friendly New York greeting to the taste of the pizza ever changes. If you get the chance, drop in and grab a slice!
5	Love Ray's! My family has been ordering from here for years. They go out of their way to make you happy. I love the wings! Their white pizza is amazing. The wait everyone complains about is because everything is fresh just for you, takes time for him to throw your dough before he fires it up!
4	We were vacationing in AZ. from Chicago, tough to beat Chicago pizza. We ordered over phone for carry-out. The pizza was very good, in fact we will probably go back next time we are in Phoenix. The pizza was hot and they load the toppings on. The order was ready on time.. all around good place
5	Great food!  Great pizza! Wings are best I've had in Phoenix by a long shot.   Smaller family like atmosphere with friendly service.  You can't go wrong with Ray's.
3	Got some wings tonight. I ordered mild but they gave me hot! I called and complained and he wanted me to bring the wings back but I was already home and didn't want to go back out after a long day of work. So he offered me 12 free wings for the next time I wanted to order from them granted I ordered 20 and we only ate about 4 of them because they were hot. I would have given 4 stars had he offered the full order back but I guess 12 is fair.
5	Best lasagna I've ever had! And portions are huge! You can tell the family puts work into their food. Definitely New York style food and attitude (which I loved). This place is now my go to for Italian food. Even the loaf of bread was perfectly crispy on the outside and warm and soft inside! I'll be back, very soon!
5	I am always an opened minded person and also can give the benefit of the doubt and also address credit when credit is due. So my last review about this place I was upset a little not because the food was bad or anything it was actually good but I am  always getting teased about being hispanic and not able to even eat the mild sauce from taco bell without sweating and panting with my tongue for a drink. LolBut I had ordered mild and received hot last time and wasn't pleased because I honestly at 4 wings and the rest sat in the fridge for a week before I threw them out. I had called and someone offered me 12 wings and I thought it was fair but I am not the type to really complain or go running to get free food like some people would do but needless to say I was contacted by vinnie and offered to replace my whole order and even a pizza. I offered to pay for the pizza because again I am not a free food person. I know nothing in this world is free unless it's your birthday then there is an exception. Ha ha haWell I met with vinnie and he was awesome and very friendly and approachable I got the pizza and wings and able to eat the wings this time it was amazing. Best wings I have had in years they were juicy and crunchy and not small. I have been to some places where the wings are so small you get like one and a half bite of it but these wings are huge and the pizza that I was able to try for the first time was amazing as well. The cheese was flowing and piping hot and the sauce has to be a secret recipe past down from a family genius because it was perfect and not too over spiced or sweet. I am so glad he contacted me to try it out again and I know that our family Friday night pizza will be ordered from this place going forward in the future.  My kids even ate the crust and not sure about other people's kids but for mine to eat the crust it's nothing short of a miracle. Awesome food and great people and I will continue to be a repeat customer and I think that if you are reading reviews to figure which pizza place to try then look no further because this place is not expensive, delicious and will feed the whole family for under 25 bucks. Can't beat it.
5	I've been a customer of this location since 98. The food is amazing! The whole menu is really 2nd to none and you can always count on some sort of special.  It really feels like I'm back in NY when I step in this place. The service has always been a genuine kind of friendly and they're always quick, even during the Fri and Sat night rushes.
4	Been going there for 15 years.  Great pizza!!  Real NY style pizza at a fair price.
5	Place is the best pizza in arizona, there so nice there too. If ur getting dominos ur an idiot, use the coupon and get a real pizza
5	Been coming to rays pizza for about ten years never been disappointed. Pizza is always fresh and closet thing to a New York pizza
3	It was what I expected of a New York Pizza. Thin, floppy crust, adequate sized toppings. A-OK in my book.
4	Pizza and wings are very good.  But service is crappy.  Every guy working there was not happy, didn't make you feel valued or important as a customer.  I don't need to feel all warm and fuzzy to get good food but sure am not going to give 5 stars when the guys filling our order are glaring at us like we just killed their puppy.  Maybe someone just got a backside-chewing.  Will give them another chance and hope for  decent service and still get good food.
4	I enjoyed this pizza, not the best in phoenix but definitely not the worst. Would have given 5 stars on taste but the parking lot is insane, it took me 10 minutes to find a spot and even then I just gave up and parked against a curb. Oh and the XL pizza is truly huge, it fed my family of 5 and I still had leftovers. I will order again just maybe deliver next time.
5	Best pizza I've ever had!".Staff was friendly,We had the Pizza and Wings special ,also ordered the pizza pie xtra thin Brooklyn style..It was amazing,for desert the Cannoli was out of.this.world! I will beBACK!
5	Fast service. Great pizza. Ordered an XL and it was very crispy on bottom...which is hard to do but they did it! Definitely would go back.
5	The best Brooklyn Style Pizza in Phoenix. They even have Jamaica Beef Patties. You won't be disappointed.
4	Eating here right now. For $5 it's a steal here.  Really good. If I want pizza and I'm down here, I'll get it.
5	Walked in here one night randomly spoke to the owner and he hooked me up on a pizza. It was really good, the sauce is really tasty. I would def come back.
4	Good pizza, average rest of menu. Guys that answer the phone are a little rough around the edges but you expect that at an authentic pizza joint. I recommend this place over most.
5	Great pizza use their yelp coupon it worked out great . Also had the meatball they were good too!
5	I've been going to this pizza place for fifteen years. I use to live in the neighborhood and would visit weekly. I now visit every few months. Best sauce ever!
4	Great pizza! Delicious pie with a crispy crust! Reminded us of our first time eating Rays pizza in NYC!
5	My go to place for pizza in this area. I usually get the pizza & wings special but stop in once in a while for just 2 slices. The pizza is cooked just right, not too greasy. Plenty of pizza options and a great selection of other italian dishes. Good prices. Friendly service.
5	Eating here right now. Food is very good, but come hungry.  The lasagna portion is large. My husband's meatball sandwich is really good and very large. We saw this restaurant in NY and wanted to try it but ran out of time. We will definitely come back next time we are in Phoenix.
4	Have been back a few times and back to good service and best pizza and wings. It is back on our A list
5	Great deal, great pizza. We never dine in, always take out so can't comment on the that, but our to go experience has always been great.
5	I moved here from eastern Pennsylvania. I was looking for east coast, New York style pizza in Phoenix. This is the first place that I found with the east coast taste I was searching for. The sauce is really good. They have a killer deal right now on yelp, 10$ for 20$. I used that on another deal the restaurant has in house: large pizza with 20 hot wings for 22$. The bill turned out to be around 12$ after combining the yelp coupon with the restaurant deal. What a steal! Enough food for 4-5 people and only 12$.  The wings were really good. We tried two flavors: honey-barbecue and hot. They were both really good. I will be frequenting this place even without the yelp coupon.
4	Great deal for the money with the Yelp! deal for $10.  Pizza was good... NY style is not my favorite but I can recognize when something is good!
5	This pizza has been the Best Pizza I've ever had so far since moving to AZ last year!!! I ordered it extra thin and well done! When I took that first bite I literally had visions of my old pizzerias back in NYC! Right amount of crust, bread, cheese, sauce and grease!!! Just delicious! I highly recommend this place if you want real NY style pizza!!!
3	I suppose if you're form the East Coast, this is a great place for you to go. It will be exactly what you're used to. Floppy pie cut pizza.......It was ready when I got there, hot and steamy. East Coast Folks.......Stop reading this review right now. If you're from Chicago, don't go here. Don't waste your time, you don't need to convince yourself that Chicago Pizza is better. I've tried East Coast Pizza several times now and its very clear they don't know what they're doing, and its not a personal stab at this particular place. Sorry to jump on the age old debate, but it is what it is. Chicago simply does it better. Razor Thin to 5lb Stuffed and everything in between. Not a place THIS Chicagoan is going to go back to again for pizza, although I'd still like to try some of the other things on their menu as they looked very enticing. I will stick to my local Chicago Style Pizza Joint for a nice thin crust square cut pizza! :-)
5	Best pizza ever and the staff is extremely nice I was so happy when I found this place right by my apartment!
5	Everything is yummy ... especially the Monster Pie! They're not the friendliest guys in town, but that almost adds to the charm of this being a NY-style pizza joint.
4	I like Rays pizza not only is it NY style but it's perfectly cooked and not soggy. It's easy to order for pickup or dine in. Our favorite is the white pizza. Very flavorful and does not require anything else added to it. The garlic bread is also very good and I would say this is our go to place for authentic NY style. The prices are reasonable and the service is always good.A plus is they sell slices also and have small individual sizes as well.
5	I have been going to this Phoenix Ray's for 10 years since I moved to town from NY.  Great pizza and hot wings - reminds me of home!  Definately the most authentic in the valley.  There are too many other places that call themselves NY style, but just don't taste like it.  All the staff is from back East too.
3	It's good but not as good as the Ray's located on Greenway. Which is some of the best Pizza in the Valley.
3	Pizza is really quite delicious, they've achieved a great crust, both crispy and chewy, not too much sauce, just the right amount of cheese...but it is also very greasy so if you're sensitive to that, (which I am not!), then be forewarned. The reason for the three stars is due to the service, I really hope the guys behind the counter were just having a bad day because not once did they smile at anybody or even say thank you. Everyone there just seemed used to it and maybe that's how people from New York are? I prefer friendliness, and a little goes a long way, especially if I chose your place of business over the hundred other pizza places dotting Phoenix and you'd like me to come back. I probably will, because as I said the pizza is delicious but probably not to dine in.
5	Love it here! The staff is always friendly and accommodating. I like it that they remember their repeat customers and we are repeats because of the excellent food and service they provide. Thank you!
5	4.5 stars! Picked up a pizza and small order of garlic knots. I have no idea how big their large is, but the small order was definitely enough for 4 people. Comes with a side of delicious marinara also. Our pizza was pepperoni and mushroom and it was great, too. The pizza crust was not soggy at all. We loved it and wouldn't have found it without yelp :)
4	Pretty damn good. Haven't gotten around to trying their calzones yet, but their pizza has a good thin but chewy crust. Wings aren't going to blow your skirt up (I was wearing a skirt when I tried them, so I would know) but they won't blow your skirt down either (this, again, is based on my own research).The other thing that I love, having spent some time on the east coast, is just how Jersey these guys are. They're surly as hell, yet somehow endearing. Embrace it.
5	Delicious pizza and wings. The pizza is New York style but not greasy or floppy. This is our families new go to place for pizza and wings.
4	Five stars on the pizza-its just like NY. Thin, crispy, lots of olive oil- The service could be friendlier though. It gives off a vibe of annoyance and no appreciation.  Ive seen people saying maybe thats how it is in NY but I lived in Brooklyn thirty years and people are actually gregarious and friendly.  The pizza is great here so that's my only complaint but it's important to customers to feel valued.
3	Good Pizza nice menu. Tried this place after seeing a yelp deal. Had a free slice waiting for my pie.
5	Love love love the white pizza!!! Super friendly staff, def going back ever time in town!!
5	Love this corner pizza joint!  Crust to cheese to sauce ratio is perfection.  Their wings are good too!  I often get their large pizza and 20 wing special for $22 bucks.  Service is good enough.  They are always busy.
4	Really good! Think we may have had a miscommunication over the phone, as I ordered my pizza the wrong way. Wanted it super thin neapolitan style, and the kind I received was a little thicker than I had hoped for. But they cooked it a perfect well done (order it this way for a more authentic NY pizza experience). All in all, my fault, but I would definitely go back! Wish the sauce was a little more garlicky (garlic slut over here haha!) but throw a little garlic salt on there with some crushed red pepper and you are good to go! Thanks Ray's for a great pizza!
