5	Great place with fantastic service and food. It overlooks lake Kegonsa. The interior restaurant /bar is smoke free. They have a nice patio area where you can smoke outside. The food is wonderful, and you are served quickly. No complaints on this place. We will definitely go back again and again.
3	This is a nice lakeside restaurant serving a variety of food.We stayed in a Bed & Breakfast in Stoughton, WI and Springers was recommended as being a good place to dine.  I had the Tender Filet and it was well prepared and tasty,  My dining companion had a Top Sirloin and indicated that it was nicely done.  Both were served with a Baked potato and salads.  The portions of the main course are healthy and filling, but not so overwhelming as to make you stuffed.  The prices are reasonable for what you get and the service is fine.When in the area, this is an excellent place to consider for dinner as it sits right on the water and you have good scenery to look at.  One caution - it is hard to find unless you know it is there.  However, if you are hungry and looking for a good meal, I think you will find it quite satisfactory.
3	Could be four or five stars but for the service.  We have gone here many times but if they don't closely supervise the teenagers working for them  there are too many mishaps.
5	Great service.  Great View.  Best Fish fry in Madison, hands down... and they make it available on Wednesday if you dont feel like dealing with the rush on Friday.  Tons of parking.Not fancy, but just really solid food and drinks.
5	I can't tell you how many times I've been here, maybe 50 times over the years. It didn't always go by the same name, but the recent improvements have been great. It's the local watering hole on this side of the lake. Lots of locals here and they will take a look at anyone that's new. The staff is always very friendly. They have pool, and some video games the last time I checked. The bar area is separate from the restaurant. Food has always been good here. Great beer, drinks here, etc. prices are fair but do get expensive for some of the specials. Overall, if you are on this side if the lake, stop on over and have a brew and burger, you'll like it!
4	We live on the lake and have been here a few times. The dock gets full but we have parked there once. Fish fry is good and their seasoned fries are tasty. The outdoor seating is a plus as halverson's is not on the water direction and Springers is. The bar is large and the bartenders are friendly too.
4	Food was great and portions were huge!  I had a veggie burger, and my husband had a bacon cheeseburger with curly fries.  Service was underwhelming or I would have given 5 stars. Nice quaint place to eat by the water.
4	Way way way better than I anticipated...very peaceful relaxing view of lake kegonsa..wait staff was friendly and efficient and the food was really good..I had a bacon cheeseburger with curly fries...the burger was cooked perfectly and the curly fries, were quite possibly the best I have ever had in my life, and I consider myself a curly fry connoisseur.
4	Stopped here for a beer and an appetizer.  Location is great, outside sitting was great, service was a little slow but very good and friendly.  The fried pickles were much nicer than expected.  Would visit again for sure.
3	Fish fry review from 11/8/13Met friends for fish here; it's their favorite place for fish.+ Right on the lake with spectacular views- Somewhat tricky to get to; parking lot is a bit of a nightmare+ Huge, open bar area; plenty of barstools+ Reasonable selection of tap and bottled beers; taps are WI-heavy+ Reasonable prices; Staghorn bottle was $3.50- The "your table is ready" PA needs improvement; very hard to hear clearly- Back dining rooms seem a bit dated, small, and cramped. - 5 of us were seated at a small 4-top table+ Great selection of fish options - bluegill, perch, walleye, cod, catfish, Grouper, shrimp, all with the traditional fixins + Massive portions of fish (at least the cod offerings)- Baked cod was grossly over-cooked; all three plates of ours were almost jerky-like+ Fried cod was excellent; perfect breading, piping hot, good flavor, no grease+ Veggie side was a welcomed option- Service was a bit hurried and spotty+ Food arrived quicklyNot sure where this one will land in the line-up. I'll have to visit again to verify...
5	The view is amazing (no matter ehat time of year), the staff are friendly and the food is great.  I perfect lunch-hide-out!  Though it is kida hard to find, you'll be glad when you get there.  Nothing fancy, but certainly great!
2	Tonight tried Springers for the first time. Good atmosphere.  Dining on deck lakefront was very popular.'Baked fish very good.  Smelt very bad, the breading was thicker than to fish.
