4	So tasty it's worth the charred meat smell that lingers for days (despite multiple ablution)When I get that craving for spicy, piquant, charred protein...nothing will satisfy till I can chow down a huge platter of galbi...gnawing away at the yummy bits next to the bone...Seoul Garden is where I go for my Korean bbq fix.I also love the dol-sot bibimbap here...the rice sizzling at the bottom of the stone pot forms into a nice crunchy crust...and if it's more starch that you want, then I'd happily recommend the seafood with green onion pancakeLike all terrific Korean bbq places, the meat platters come with endless little bowls of kimchi in all its various glorious permutations...and if you can manage to plow your way though all that, they'll bring you more till you're literally rolling out of the restaurant.
2	Having eaten good Korean food, I have to say this wasn't very good. I wish it was because it's close and I'd like to have a good Korean food place close to me. The food was merely average or slightly below. I may have to give it another try though based on MJ K.s review. I might have just gone on a bad day.
3	I know the owners of this establishment.  Well my parents do.  It's more like a fast food type of Korean place.  Nothing great to me.  However, it's not terrible enough where I would NEVER eat there again, but I'd just prefer better Korean places.
1	This shop sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The waitress got bad face( cold and not friendly) and slowest service!!!!Most importantly, I did not give any tips, and they charged me for 5 bocks!!!I went there tonight!!!!! And now I checked my bank account, and then I found out!! I will call them and correct it ASAP!!!!!Suck place. Will Never Go Again!!!!!!!!!!!!Btw, the food is not good at all either!!!!!
1	Reading Amanda B.'s review reminded me of my own disastrous experience here recently. I have been to Seoul Garden three times. The first was really delicious- to the point I wondered how it had been that I had never had Korean before. I raved about it to my husband and we brought a friend there a couple of months later. It was still pretty good, but a definite decline from my first time. The friend we brought suggested we all go there again when her grandparents were in town. To be blunt, I have never been so embarrassed by a restaurant in all my life. The waiter was clearly inexperienced and his English abilities were probably not what they should be, but the restaurant was not so busy that the service should have been THAT bad. We got our food in waves. He "forgot" the soup over and over again. I had to ask for silverware for the table so many times that I eventually got up and went to the back and got it myself. It was completely obvious that the Korean customers in the place got priority over our table of six Caucasians. I saw several tables get all of their food, finish, pay and leave before we even got half of our food. We never got refills on our drinks. It took forever for us to get proper plates and bowls. By the time two of us got our clay pot entrees, every one else had long finished their entrees. The food was edible, but again, a big step down from my first experience and we were all so pissed off that even if it had been the greatest food on the planet we wouldn't have known due to all the bitterness grown of frustration and annoyance. If anyone knows of a Korean restaurant that gives a shit about keeping customers, let me know.
2	Good Korean food in the Valley continues to be difficult to find.
4	This is now Ichiban, and it's awesome.  Very nice decor.  The best kimchi I have ever had.  Had a soba noodle dish with some vegetables and beef.  Great bi bimbap also.  Some Korean restaurants really keep the banchan (appetizers) flowing.  Ichiban doesn't.  And they could use a few more exotic ones - anchovies, lotus root, those sweet potato like things, not sure what they are.  But the service was very nice.  Have to do the barbecue next time.
1	Was horrible while it existed
