5	Adorable and amazing candy shop!  Located in the new Market LV.  When I went today they were one of the few shops already open (not sure when other stores will be opening).  They have amazing and hard to find candies (nothing you can buy at your local CVS, Walgreen's, etc.) a ton of different kinds of gummies, sourbelts (my fave!), and old faves like Bit O'Honey.  They are not very expensive at all -- $2.99 for a quarter pound of bulk candy, and I challenge anyone to keep themselves limited to just a quarter pound.  The ladies who work here are also super sweet and really helpful, and if you are curious about a candy flavor, they willingly give you a sample (I live for free samples).  Also really cute decor, and I couldn't help but indulge in some cotton candy which they spin to order ($5 with some edible glitter -- I love a little bling on my candy).  Will definitely stop by again on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Not only do they have classic candies, but also fun varieties of popular ones, too. I am definitely curious about the $18 giant jawbreaker, but didnt want to deal with keeping that with my luggage 'til I hit California and New York.I'll definitely stop here again when I'm in town.By the way, in addition to great folks, they are also honest. I dropped $20 and didnt realize and the person who attended me sought me out in order to give it back.
5	My kids and I are regulars there. I try to treat my kids to something new each Saturday. They have a great selection of candy and very friendly staff. Love this place!
5	Delicious! The cutest candy store you've ever seen with fun and wonderful candy. Things I love: 1) AstroPops - I've been awaiting these for years and following their progress online. I pick up at least 4 every time I visit. 2) Jelly Eggs - These are crazy good and my new addiction. I ate 6 of them in one sitting. 3) Chocolate covered honeycomb - flaky and sweet it's a delicate bite sized candy. 4) Fresh Cotton Candy - Wow! Hard to find anymore at local theme parks. They even add edible glitter. Fun! I could go on and on about how sweet the owners and employees are, the great variety of specialty and hard to find candies, or the location it's in with all the other fun stores. But why go on? Go visit now! Go!
5	Ok, so I have a not-so-secret confession - I LOVE CANDY.Seriously, besides cheese - candy is my specialty. I always have a stash in my purse so I can quickly satisfy that throbbing sweet tooth. Because of this, B Sweet was like a dream come true for yours truly. The shoppe itself is ADORABLE - they play throwback tunes, wear gorgeous aprons and keep everything sparkling clean. The layout of the store is stark white so the candy really POPS. The staff was incredibly helpful (if you want a sample of something, just ask and they are happy to provide). I was worried as I started filling up my bag for the plane (some of this, some of that, more of that) that I would empty my wallet but the prices are so reasonable! I highly suggest the chocolate covered gummy bears. And the watermelon sour rings. And the....Pardon me, my mouth is watering.
4	I love candy, ask me anytme and I have at least one piece on me. So B Sweet was a definitely getting a visit when we were at Tivoli Village.I love that they make fresh cotton candy for you on the spot. Bummed that is only the flavor they are making that day, it was orange when I was there...no thank you.The selection of candy is small but any candy is good candy! The price is pretty good for this type of store. I like and hate the fact that you can't fill your own bag, it's nice that you don't have tons of people in and out of the candy jars, but you can't really control the amount you get as well. Workers are great, very friendly and helpful.The candy didn't seem as fresh as when we got it at the Yelp Nerdy Dancing event, but I couldn't help to fill up my bag with gummy worms, sharks, brains, and strawberries. My husband couldn't resist getting a Cowtail. I'm sure I'll visit again whenever visiting Tivoli Village.
5	Cute little candy shop that doesnt feel as franchised as Sweet Factory. Maybe better prices too not exactly sure havent been to a Sweet Factory quite some time.Free samples on almost anything except for packed items and the 27 inch gummy snake that Sarah-Marie loves. Not much can be said about this place, i'm pretty sure some people own showers a lot larger then B Sweet. The gummy brains are just sooooo yummy
5	This is a super cute little candy shop inside of The Market LV in Tivoli Village that sells retro candy, gummies galore by the half pound and a small selection of sugarless candy. I looooove candy and was excited to see what they had in store.I went in knowing I wanted to puchase some gummies. The owner was there and recognized me from the Neon Holiday Bazaar, she is super sweet! I ended up getting a pound of gummies, I tried the watermelon and blueberry rings as well as sharks and coke bottles. I hadn't had coke bottle gummies in like ten years, they weren't as great as I remembered them. Everything else was yummy! I ate it all in two days!I am glad that this is not close to my house, otherwise I would end up buying ten pounds of candy a week!
5	This is a cute little candy shop! I love how they keep their candy in glass jars it's a throw back on how things used to be. The workers will actually get the candy and bag it for you. That is a relief because I'm a bit clumsy! I bought some cotton candy here which they make fresh for you. I enjoyed seeing how they make it. The portion is huge it lasted us like 4 days. They can also add edible glitter .....I had them put extra glitter on mine.
4	Cute little shop on the 2nd floor of The Market that is home to a large variety of hard and soft candy (jellybeans, sours, gummy worms, jawbreakers, etc.).  There is also a small selection of "fancy" chocolate bars and novelty chocolate (chocolate "coal").  The candy guy with whom I spoke was super sweet -- pun intended! -- and offered me free samples of whatever I wanted, always a plus in my book.  I ended up purchasing some chocolate coal and a s'mores milk chocolate bar (very good!).  The candy is displayed in cool glass jars and the shop is small, clean, and bright.  Check it out!
4	I'm writing this review as I chow down on a bag of chocolate covered gummy bears. Yes, you read that correct. If you haven't tried them, you must, trust me.  Been a fan of these since my pregnant friend got me started on them 15 yrs ago. They're not easy to find. I found this place after having a couple drinks at The View, we were perusing the stores in The Market, I'm drawn to a candy store like a little kid. I saw those jars of candy in the window, it's like a moth to a flame. The girls working were very welcoming, offered free tastes of whatever we wanted to try. I went home with a bag of my fav. I wish I liked cotton candy, the edible pixie dust is so cute.
5	So, we have all gone on bad dates. But when it happens to your Moms - yeah no. And all the day before Valentine's Day. So, Mom being in Vegas and me in Phoenix, I remember this awesome lil' candy shop at Tivoli Village where Mom works, and *click*.  Called up, hopeful for some sugar-fix-assistance to have a dfelivery to Mom's office - and Arlene was awesome. I didn't expect them to be able to do it on the busiest day a candy shop may have, but she was an angel - *cherub? I dunno, but yeah, she went the whole nine and I appreciate you Arlene. Keep doing what you do and I am glad you are out there doing it. To local business!
5	I love this little store! It tucked away in The Market LV but wide open and ready at the top of the stairs. There's a nice spread of different candies to choice from. Hits the spot every time!
5	The little candy boutique that could! Wonderful selection of gummies and licorice!  Generously-portioned cotton candy is something to go back to every time!! The owner and staff are as sweet as can be.  I love this place!
5	I love there cotton candy !   I ordered there cotton candy as goody gifts to guests at my daughters birthday party .  It was perfect !  Especially when my daughters birthday is 5 days after Holloween.  The kids LOVED the cotton candy ( the parents too : ) !) I had them made with edible glitter also so that was perfect for a princess themed party.   I will definately be back !!!!
5	I was curious about the B Sweet Candy Boutique, so I went to check it out. I heard so much about the chocolate covered gummy bears. When I walked in I was greeted by the owner, She's friendly and asked if I wanted to try out any of the candy. It's rare that candy stores let you try the candy before you buy it. I saw the chocolate covered gummy bears, and when I tried it.. It was delicious! I got a half pound of the chocolate covered gummy bears. I also got cola panda bears, gummy worms, gummy brains, and gummy chicken feet. The store is a cute sized candy store. I also got to try the cotton candy with the glitter it was yummy better than the cotton candy in the bags. The only have one flavour of cotton candy everyday, and it's random and today was blue raspberry. Overall my experience was satisfying and I would go here everyday since I have such a big sweet tooth. 5/5
5	My favorite candy store in the whole world... and the only one I'll shop! I'm not even a big fan of candy. I can walk by Sugar Factory and not be tempted to go in. The candy sitting at grocery checkout have no affect on me. But... the moment I'm in Summerlin... all I can think about is B. Sweet and the sweet staff. The Cotton Candy (in any flavor), sprinkled with edible gold dust (I like to think it's fairy dust) is my FAVORITE. But I also love the Panda Gummies and the Honeycombs, too. Whatever you decide to get, you won't go wrong.
5	This is a great little place for after you eat dinner at one of the restaurants in the villiage. They have a great selection and lots of specialty treats as well.
3	Really cute little shop in Tivoli. They offer a variety of candy and the people there are really nice. My biggest gripe, however, is that they don't let you bag your own candy. I don't know but it's kind of lame that this isn't a self-service kind of thing. I usually come with kids who take forever with saying what they want (and will change their minds often) so it's a little stressful for me (and I know the people who work there although they don't let it show) to follow little kids around asking what they want in their bag next. Compare this to the candy shop in Container Park where they do let you bag your own candy. That just makes for a  better (easier) experience. Although the candy selection here is much better. We will continue coming back whenever we are in Tivoli. Just wish they'd trust us to bag our own!
5	I love this little boutique candy shop! Treat your sweet tooth here! Milk chocolate gummy bears are my fave! Service is amazing! They also have glittered cotton candy!...whaaaat! :) so happy I work nearby!
5	We came in here Saturday wanting to purchase 30 mini mini cotton candies for my daughter's birthday party favors, for a party that was later that night.  Little did we know that we were supposed to order a week in advance!!!!  Panic immediately set in, but the two ladies working there were so quick to calm our nerves and in 45mins we had all the favors for our party and everyone loved them.I can't thank them enough for bending the rules for us.
