4	It's not the biggest pool in LV by far or even the best designed but it is a nice well hidden pool that is virtually nonexistent to the visitors who are not checked into the hotel. You can access the pool from the third floor of ALL the hotel elevators in the NYNY so you don't have to walk through the hotel or lobby or casino to get to the pool which is a big plus. There is a separate elevator dedicated to the pool that you need your key to access. Very secure. You walk in and are quickly greeted with towels by the employees there. You can rent an inflatable raft for a nominal fee as well. Cool little things with a nice pillow as well. Didn't get one but saw a few people with them on the water. We grabbed our towels and headed to a couple of open chairs towards the rear side of the pool. Lots of shade for those who are not looking to bronze up. Chairs are okay but just put down a couple of towels and it is very comfortable. The bar is centrally located and there are also a couple of waitresses hustling around taking orders as well. The usual fare: beer, frozen drinks, and well. We got a Strawberry Daiquiri and Red Bull/Vodka. Strong drinks. Good and refreshing. A lady from the America restaurant also walks around taking food orders if you are jonesing for some grub. We ordered a hotdog, quesadilla, and fries. Nothing huge. It was good. Not too greasy and the fries were wedges, which I like, but were battered, which is not my favorite, but the flavor was good. Cabanas are also available for a nominal price. They were all taken by the time we got there so I'm assuming you have to reserve well ahead of time. They had televisions, wet bars, tables, chairs, misters, and lounges with nice fat cushions on them. Pretty much a room but outside. It's cool for a group of people I would think. As far as noise, it's right under the first dip of the Roller Coaster so you get the intermittent screams every 5 minutes or so. Also, the valet entrance is right outside the fence so loud cars can be heard. But they cancel most of that out because they have the speakers blasting full volume with some cool relaxing tunes. The pool itself is modestly sized and has a volleyball net cutting it in half. Shallow with a sitting ledge around the outside to chill halfway in the water. There's a couple of whirlpools in the back in the shade to relax if you're in the mood for that. I've been to a couple of pools in LV but all of them have been packed to where you can't even find a chair or walk to the bathroom. A little ridiculous for someone like me who just wants to enjoy the sun and water. Maybe for a younger crowd, elsewhere would be better. Oh and there's a masseuse that walks around giving pool side massages for a fee. Didn't see anyone getting one but I will be happy to try it out next time. All in all, a good relaxing experience.
2	Yawn. Barely anyone there, the pool is half (or fully!) shaded for most of the day ... no fun extras like a wave pool, lazy river, waterfalls ... or anything. Dullsville.... but drink prices are more reasonably than any other hotel pool bar on the strip (most likely, that is. Summer drink specials were running about $7 for a mixed drink)
3	Compared with pools nearby, the one at NY NY is quite small in a town that dreams big. It is fine for a hotel pool, just expected that it would be more glamorous looking.Pool lies below part of the roller coaster attraction. You need to access the 3rd floor pool elevator to get in. A key card is required. Interestingly there is a MGM promotion which gives you multi pool access at neighboring casino hotels. Given this, I would say to go elsewhere. Still this pool does not seem too crowded, has a pool bar and was pumping out some pleasing top 40 tunes.It's fine. Really all I wanted was to get some sun. For those who are more selective, I would go elsewhere. The Monte Carlo next door is a much better spot.
2	Small. There is a volleyball net bisecting the pool, but no volleyballs. All they had was very light weight beach balls. Shallow - the deepest part was 4'. Too much shade. Because of where it is situated with the buildings, at least half of the lounge chairs and pool are in entire shade at all times. NYNY guests can use their room key to get into the Monte Carlo pool next door. I highly suggest it. They have a regular pool, a wave pool, a lazy river, and an out of water sand volleyball court.
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #201 - #365This pool is just BLAND! Nothing too exciting about this pool; I expected more since the pools at MGM, Monte Carlo, and Excalibur all have glamourous pools. The pool is located behind the New York New York skyline just below the roller coaster. You'll need access to the 3rd floor with your room key to access the pool area. If your looking to get some sun, get there around noon where the sun is just above the pool area. Later in the evening; the shade from the hotel towers blocks the sun meaning no more tanning time. The ambiance is pretty relaxing if you can stand the sound of the roaring roller coaster right above you. New York New York has no day clubs, but hey should add one around the property to attract the younger crowd.
