3	GREAT Sushi for what you pay.For the amount of sushi variety you get at this buffet, its an extremely great value. $22 for dinner, 15 for lunch I think.The sushi may not be the best cuts, but they are fresh and tasty.Great spot for a group of people/family.Lots of people go here, but they have plenty of seats.
4	As all you can eat sushi / asian food buffets go i really must say this is the best one i've come across.  Its WAYYY better than Todai and basically the same price.  So if you're in LV go to the all you can eat asian buffet that asians actually go to.
5	A wide assortment of sushi, juicy king crab legs, and mouth watering creme brulee?  Did I mention All You Can Eat and for 22 bucks?  This is BY FAR my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas on or off the Strip.  *mouth waters*  Can't go on.  Drool will ruin keyboard...
4	The Japanese buffets are becoming more and more stacked each time, but strikingly similar to eachother -- sushi and hot japanese food buffets all for about $25 a person at dinner time. The service was quite good, the restaurant was fairly big, and the food was really good. Their miso soup was killer, as well as the many scallop and unagi sushi combinations. I will be coming back here again, but on a much emptier stomach. A bit bland was the decor -- with a restaurant so wide in space and food so neatly presented out, you'd think the chairs and walls could've been better arranged / decorated. But its the food you come for, not the scenery.
4	I thought this was a GREAt buffet for the price.The sashimi was fresh (not fishy at all), the service was great (when I asked for horseradish, they made a big deal about finding me some in the back kitchen)All you can eat oysters was really the reason I came here, and they were just so/so...the crab legs were cold, which I hate, but the sushi was great, and the shrimp tempura was great.I have no complaints other than they didn't keep the buffet stocked well, and they started breaking down about an hour and a half before they were supposed to close.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to find an all-you-can-eat place where the quality is pretty good. For lunch it was $16.95/person which I felt was a pretty good deal considering the choices.Don't expect to see sashimi. They want you to eat the sushi and fill up on the rice! There's a bevy of choices though and you'll also have a chance to fill up on tempura, 3 kinds of salad and some hot dishes too.The only thing lacking I felt was the desserts. There's a chocolate fountain which is kinda cool but the presentation of the fruits and marshmellows was mediocre. I know they're keeping costs down by just offering bananas to dip, but. there should be more variety of things to dip into the chocolate.
3	Makino is fine for what it is.  I sometimes stop by here and get a take out box and just stuff the box with stuff.  It usually comes to like $10 or so which is fine.  But I don't like the idea of the sushi just SITTING there the whole time getting dry or whatever.  The sushi buffet places that make it to order are definitely a better way to go.  Don't get me wrong though..I'll still eat these rolls if they're there.  I just think there are better choices out there for sushi buffets like Sushi Hana or even Sushi Factory.BTW...Penn from Rio's "Penn and Teller" dines here for lunch quite often.  I've seen him there at least 4 times and I don't here that often for my takeout box.  You can't miss him.
2	When we went there for lunch, they didn't have electricity.  Their generator was down at the time. Without lights, the place looked a bit drab, and cheap.  They did have a huge selection of sushi and rolls, so we decided to eat there anyways.From reading reviews from yelp and from elsewhere, we had high hopes for this place.. but well we were disappointed again.  The sushi was not all that fresh, and the rolls didn't stand out either.  They have quantity, but quality was missing throughout..  I don't remember anything on the item tasting all that good.  They were mediocre.For lunch, the place was about 15% full during a weekday.  We ate a few days before at the Todai in Miracle Mile and we thought the food was actually better there.  Maybe their location near the outlet mall is better..?  But the other location is a bit further away from the strip.  We won't eat there again.. we've had better sushi and rolls at too many other places.
2	I'm a huge sushi-buffet enthusiast because I'm cheap and I love mass quantities of food, so I was super-excited to head to Makino's $17 lunch buffet. But I was pretty disappointed by the whole experience. First, because we'd tried to go to their dinner buffet at 9 pm the previous night, but were turned away because they were taking away the food. But I managed to get a glimpse of a gleaming heap of oysters and crab legs that was decidedly lacking at the lunch buffet. Second, because all the rolls were tasteless and bland and seemed to be variations of the same thing. I hate deceit! Third, because of their small selection of fresh sashimi -- I love mackerel, but I was sad to see a few paltry pieces in the corner.The best thing about Makino was the dessert bar's chocolate fountain. Holy shit I had no idea how fabulous a thing a chocolate fountain could be. Bowls of fruit and marshmallows with long sticks and a yum yum yummy chocolate coating. But it kind of pissed me off when they turned it off at 2:30, a half hour before their stated closing time.All in all, so-so.
4	I'm surprised to see the mixed reviews for this place. And I'm surprised people thought Todai was better than Makino's.. I don't know, maybe Todai in the Bay Area is just really shitty, cause Todai isn't good at all around here. Anyhow, my friends and I wanted to go to Makino since we knew it was a sushi/Japanese buffet. Also, my boyfriend and I had tried Makino's in Honolulu and it wasn't that great, but his parents mentioned that the one in Vegas was a lot better.First of all, I thought the quality of food was actually very good considering it is a buffet. Also, the restaurant was very clean while we were here and the service was also very attentive and friendly. We never had to ask for refills or for our plates to be taken away. Makino offers sushi, hot food (fried rice, grilled meats, tempura, fish, soup), a salad bar with like eight different types of salads, and then a dessert area. A lot of people seem to think the sushi quality isn't that great. Yeah, it's not GREAT sushi, but I think for a buffet, the quality is pretty high. And even though the rolls are kind of repetitive , they're all really big.  The salad bar has some really good salads - my favorite was the cucumber seaweed salad.  Then on to the hot food, tempura was good and they also had White Ba-Sa fish which was very tasty.Last but not least, the dessert area has yummy desserts. they have fresh fruit, a chocolate fountain , crepes, ice cream, and different types of mini cakes/pastries.  OH, and they have AMAZING green tea ice cream. On top of that, my favorite was the creme brulee.Bottom line.. I think people are reviewing this place kind of harshly. Come on, it is a buffet and you're only paying around $25.00. If the food here was at a restaurant and you paid a la carte for each item, then I would have given them a lower rating. But being a buffet, I think the food here is very good.
3	I've been going for years and finally tapered off.Started at the Flamingo location, later to the outlet mall and then to the recently opened one in Henderson, off Eastern. Sometimes pretty good and sadly more often pretty weak. Look closely, this roll has fish on the inside then the next one has the same fish on the outside. This roll has fish on the inside with sauce covering it all up. Here is a roll with the same fish with a avocado on the outside. What I am saying is that you basically get the same thing right next to each other, just presented in a different cover. Pretty sneaky. Yeah, you get filled up since it's all you can eat, but I must admit that I've never really said, "WoW! thats a tasty roll!". Service is always top notch though and the waitresses do a good job getting your drinks and clearing your table. Sushi can be hit or miss and the hot food isn't all that much. Sometimes, I'll go down the line in the hot food section and make it to the end without choosing anything. Overall it isn't too terrible if you get there right when they open. Go late and you will be shorted for sure. A public Chocolate fountain? Gosh what could be swimming in that mixture?
1	Something is SERIOUSLY wrong with this place.Of all the sushi style rolls i've selected to come back to get eaten 4 of them were...unsanitary.Two contained raw fish that was dried out as well as dried rice and smelt eggs are not suppose to be flat and darkly colored and dry wilted leaves for the rolls that support them, and avocado of brown to blackish color. This place gets one star for trying to poison it's customers and rob them of 20 dollars per person. Some things you can make in the morning and leave out until dinner and no one will be the wiser. YOU DO NOT DO IT WITH RAW FISHEPIC FAILuntil i get a chance and 20 dollars to throw away for a redo
4	This place is expensive but seems worth it for the most part. The sushi is very diverse and there are a bunch of options that I haven't seen in other sushi buffet restaurants.I'm not sure how to compare it to other sushi buffet restaurants since if you've been going to other ones like Todai for a while now like me and have gotten tired of the same old stuff then this place is a great place to try something different.However, I only went here once and had a good experience but wouldn't necessarily recommend going to this place or any sushi buffet restaurant all the time.
4	I would choose this Sushi buffet over Todai. They have a lot more unique sushi varieites, the pieces are bigger and tastier. I'm not a huge fan for sushi but I like Makinos. You can tell they use fresh ingredients and their stuff don't sit out too long. But beware Yelpers out there...they have a couple of location and not all are the same. I would stay away from the one at the Premium Outlet....that one was horrible. Totally the opposite from this one on Decatur Blvd. For dinner you get a crab legs and cocktail shrimps. Crab legs aren't bad depending on season. The cooked items may not be a whole lot to choose from like Todai because they mostly focused on the sushi section but overall not a bad selection for the taste. Might have to get there earlier on weekends and holiday because there will be a wait. Definitely make reservation for a larger party.
4	Oh my... I never thought I would find a buffet in Vegas that I would like but lo and behold... my brother brought me here and its amazing...The sushi is so fresh and yummy and the fresh crepe bar can't be beat as well as the chocolate fountain =)The green tea iced tea is different and refreshing...We come here everytime we come to Vegas...
2	The quality does NOT justify the price. Perhaps my standards are too high, but most of the sushi here was sick. Chewy fish, smelly fish, discolored fish.. I really don't see how you guys can eat this stuff! I'm giving them 2 stars rather than 1 for the sheer variety, but man the quality is low. The chocolate fountain was a nice touch.. but the snowcones weren't good. Overall I would never come back. Ew.
4	I went here with my youngest daughter and a couple of other families from the basketball team our girls play on. My wife (who wasn't there because she was with my other daughter's team this evening), had raved about how great Makinos was, so I was looking forward to it.I was impressed with the large variety of sushi, especially the maki sushi (cut rolls). I have never seen such a wide selection, and I understand the chefs will make you a handroll if you ask. However, I'm more of a fan of the basic nigiri sushi, so I piled my plate with pieces of yellowtail & salmon roe. With the exception of some of the weirder looking rolls, the quality seemed pretty decent, and maybe that was because it was a busy night (Saturday night with a lot of big groups in the house) so there was a lot of turnover on the food.There's plenty of shellfish, from raw oysters to steamed clams to mussels. Lots of king crab legs, too (tip: if you don't want spray the people around you when you break the shells by hand, ask the waitress for some crab crackers and she'll bring a few to your table).With so many raw foods to choose from, I skipped the hot ones (except for the steamed clams & mussels, which weren't all that great). Lots of desserts, but I was disappointed not to get any ice cream; the station wasn't manned for a long time and I finally gave up.At $26 for dinner, price is a bit high, but it's sushi, shellfish & crab legs so it's understandable. One thing I really like, that all other buffets should emulate (listen up, Soup Plantation), is that they charge kids by height instead of age: dinner for rugrats under 4 feet is $6.99 and under 5 feet is $12.99 (and I think under age 3 or 4 is free). Quality might not be all that, but what do you expect for a buffet? I could easily spend the same amount at a regular sushi bar and not get my fill.
1	I keep seeing Makino and Todai mentioned in the reviews when people talk about sushi buffets, the problem is these places are not very fresh and in some cases very unsanitary.  Not only is the quality of the fish mediocre, but the people who prepare it usually do not care about the food.  To add insult to injury, the people who prepare the sushi are very minimally trained and almost always mishandle the food.If all you can eat sushi is what you're looking for, I strongly suggest hitting up places such as Sushi Mon or Hikari.  You get seated at the bar and give your sushi orders directly to the professional sushi chef who makes it in front of you.  Notice I said professional sushi chef, which is a far cry from the non-trained staff at places such as Makino and Todai.  The only decent thing about Makino that I can think of is the variety.  There's noodles, tempura, crab legs (dinner), dessert plates, and a chocolate fountain.  But if all you're looking for is  quality all you can eat sushi and do not care about gimmicks, there's much better joints to spend your money in.
4	Makino is SOOO much better than Todai! So many selections and the sushi has always been fresh when I went there. I took a lot of my friends there and they've all been impressed, yay! I think it's also better than other all-you-can-eat sushi places because you don't have to finish everything on the plate. I hate places that charge you just because you leave one grain of rice on the plate...
3	This place is better than the average run of the mill sushi buffet place, but why not save your pennies for a they-make-it-as-you go sushi joint?  The only great thing about this sushi place is that there is a lot of variety.  The fish doesn't taste bad, but quality is just not as great as it could be.The wait staff is very good; it's almost like the drinks are refilling themselves automatically.
5	I make it a point to visit Makino every time I'm in Vegas.  It's hands down the best sushi restaurant in the USA.  I typically frown on "buffet" style establishments - but the quantity, quality, freshness, and high turnover of the food makes this place a no-brainer.As if the sushi wasn't enough - there's lots of salads, soups, and even first class sweets (if you have room...)Don't miss it!ZK
4	I'd say Makino deserves a 4.5.  My only complaint being the service, which was terribly slow.  Now, on to the good stuff!I wouldn't say it's the best sushi bar in LV because I have no idea if it really is.  I'm bugged that they don't have salmon sashimi and only had maguro sashimi (tuna) and it looked like a complete mess.  However, the diverse amount of sushi rolls made up for that.  Not only that, their rolls are delicious!  Their salmon, yellowtail, halibut, mackerel & scallop rolls are very tasty.Another good thing: the tempura shrimp.  Where all other sushi buffets fail, Makino succeeds.  Instead of mixing the veggie & shrimp tempura together & having crowds of people fish out the shrimp out of the tray, they separate them.  Thus, if you want shrimp tempura, you can just go to the shrimp tempura tray and not have to fish any out.  Plus, they keep this tray fully stocked so you don't even have to wait for them to fry them up!  Good job Makino!As for dessert, I was completely satisfied.  They had green tea ice cream - YUM.  They had crepes - YUM.  They had a chocolate fountain - EXTREME YUM.  If you pour some of that chocolate onto your crepe, you have total HEAVEN.
4	local sushi buffet... they have a yummy sushi buffet, is that enough?  I like to go here because it's decently priced - I think lunch time is around $17 for an adult, the fish is fresh and the rolls are yummy.  I love the green tea ice cream here, that's the best ending!
1	Whoa - I don't know what to say other than the sushi here was mediocre.  I was very, very disappointed in light of other people's reviews.  But, then again, if this is among the best that Las Vegas has to offer - then it's best not to eat sushi and instead go to a seafood buffet elsewhere.  Maybe it's the recession but the cost was comparable to other buffets just on the Strip but the quality was much worse so the drive and the cost is soooooo not worth it.
5	its a good idea for u guys to drive down here from the strip..just read all the positive reviews here..the one who post the negative ones are the picky eaters who compares this joint to R32 in downtown LA. the quality of sushi is good.. fresh..no fighting for tempura shrimp..they have this steak thing wrapped in bacon..real good..soup yum..i went for lunch..i remember going to dinner before too with the crablegs..oh yeah and Thrifty ice cream..oh soo good..next time i will go here for dinner..ima try to stick the crab legs in the chocolate fountain...
4	Japanese food for gluttons. It is all you can eat! The food is good but how much rice can one eat. I always stop at the second plate. That sucks for me. The service is always good at this location. I prefer the dinner menu better because hey have the stuffed jumbo shrimp and oysters. It cost more but it is worth it. I would highly recommend this place to people who are tired of the same old buffet.
3	If you've ever been to a Todai. It's similar except they have more sushi selections. You can stuff yourself silly at this place. It's just ok food. It's not as good quality as a real sushi restaurant. But right in the middle. I would say average. I've eaten here a couple of times with family and it's been alright. Not much to expect from buffet food but a lot better than the ones I've been too in L.A.
4	Makino's - This is a good sushi buffet. A lot of people know about this place and come often. I have heard some people complain that they were sick after eating here but I havn't had that problem. They have oysters and crab and everything. They have a large variety of rolls and sushi and sashimi's. The rolls are big, not your average buffet rolls... I wish they had uni, but they don't. They have a good selection of hot Japanese food as well.  They also have a chocolate fountain and a full icecream bar. This place is pretty decent and worth trying/going back.
3	I am not sure if this is the same place my friend to during her trip to LV, so this time my friends and i went. I was quite excited...until i got there to get some food... well guess what japanese sushi buffet does not have sashmi, only nagari... (sp) well i didnt want to waste thier rice, cuz it says wasting rice, we'll charge another .25 per piece of rice! geez! So, after straving the whole morning... ate very little and was full... only good thing... I got to try lots of yummy desserts and they have green tea ice cream!
4	best bang for your buck. it's like todai but a lot better. the sushi is not as good as a regular restaurant but good enough.they're selection is huge too.
2	Ok, I don't see how people give this place 4-5 star since the food is not good at all. I would pay 4 extra dollar and go to Sushi Mon. Although their all you can eat menu doesn't has sashimi but their sushi, cutroll/hand roll and other items are MUCH better. Just go try it before you bash me.
4	We go to Las Vegas over our Thanksgiving holidays and always meet up with all of my fiance's family at Makino. They never have a problem accommodating our large group (40+ people). The family is Japanese and this is a Japanese buffet. .. that is enough testament for me. I really enjoy the all-you-can-eat maki and sushi. Others also like the crab legs, udon, chocolate fountain and ice cream bar.
3	A chain of japanese sushi buffet. Why only 3 stars when I am so easy to please? PLUS sushi is my ultimate favorite?The sushi here is not very fresh. The fish all seemed a little luke warm. The selection was very mediocre. I love sushi sushi, not rolls.. They had way too many rolls drenched in cream sauce. gross. Also, they have this really annoying rule that you have to finish every single grain of rice on your plate or they will charge you on top of the 26 dollars they already charged for dinner. Some of the perks? chocolate fountain and green tea cakes for dessert! lots of tempura miso soups, endless crab.. well made seaweed salads and calamari dishes!Dinner stops at 830pm. And they stop making food around 8pm. From then on, its all left over scraps. Also, they charge for $3 for hot tea and the servers are pretty rude. Ive been to many other sushi buffets, and this doesn't even come close. I would rather try the other buffets in Vegas.
4	My mom and I love to come here for brunch. The rolls are pretty good, especially for a buffet. The sushi can also be good if you're lucky, but just mediocre most of the time. No sashimi. Many of the cooked foods are good too, but I normally eat rolls and sushi. The dessert is also good. They serve ice cream, crepes, etc. They have a chocolate fountain too which I thought was pretty cool. Can't comment too much on the service since it is a buffet, but overall it's a good place to come if you're nearby. Not one of the best seafood buffets you'll probably find though.
1	A friend of my husband's took us here and I didn't want to seem rude at the time so I ate my food, but I will never go to this place of my own free will again.  This place is so gross.  The first plate I grabbed had a live bug on it.  I don't eat sushi so I couldn't say if it was good or not, but it looked awful.  I really enjoy teriyaki but the beef was cooked in mushrooms, so that was out.  I tried to get some fried rice, but again it was swimming in mushrooms.  I have never seen fried rice with shrooms it it, who does that?  Potstickers and ice cream may be the only safe bets in this place, if you can disregard the bugs.
4	Let me preface first by saying that while the food quality is not exactly 4 stars, the place gets 4 stars for overall bang for your buck (lunch buffet $16). I came here for  lunch with friends  to find  it is an Asian buffet.The establishment has been in Vegas for years with several locations all over the valley, some of which have closed due to the economy I bet...On the buffet menu is everything from decent sushi rolls (bit too much rice though) , to udon, fish, suki yaki beef,  tempura, teriyaki chicken, salads, and more. There is also a dessert buffet: red bean/green tea ice cream, pies, cakes, and a chocolate fountain. The place was clean, food was presented well. Only major complaint I had was the bathroom. They either need to air it out or get some air freshener that makes the trip more pleasant. Other than that, I can see myself coming back in the future with the 'rents/family.
4	Based on my last and only experience, this place is the bomb! You get an array of freshly made sushi's.  They even got hot stir-fry items, green tea ice cream and chocolate fountains! I would go back!
3	ahhh makino. a seafood buffet off the strip that serves sushi, crab, mini stuffed lobsters (giant shrimp), fondue, and chinese style buffet food. Sounds great considering whats on the menu, but none of the items seemed to tickle my taste buds. they were all decent, but nothing great. the service was nice. filled our drinks without us asking. there was a sign on the sushi window saying they charged 25 cents for all the uneaten rice from the sushi. but i dont think they really charge that. just to discourage people from eating sashimi without being full on rice. quality of the fish seemed a little old. felt like it was at room temperature which isnt a good thing. but none of us got sick. so i give this place a 3 star rating. they can work on more variety in desserts. more variety with the rolls. serve a little better quality fish in the sushi section.
4	This is the best all-you-can-eat sushi buffet I have eaten at! I am a huge fan of sushi so this place was heaven for me. There is still plenty of other food here if you aren't a fan of sushi, but you won't be getting your money's worth. Not only do they have your standard sushi, but they have sushi rolls as well. They prepare the rolls and you take however many pieces you want. The non-sushi food is pretty good as well. If you are a big fan of Japanese food, you will be satisfied, but if not, you should stay away. Their dessert selection is above average for a buffet. They had creme brule which was yummy, and they had real ice cream. None of that soft-serve stuff, but real hand-scooped ice cream in many different flavors. I tried the green tea ice cream and it was delicious!The cost was around $25 for dinner. We went on a weekday, so it might be a few dollars more for the weekend/holidays. Although it is off the strip, if you don't mind the drive or need a break from the "traditional" Vegas buffets, you should definitely give this a try!
3	My family somewhat likes this place so we come here quite often when we visit Las Vegas.For a supposedly sushi- and sashimi- oriented place, the sushi and sashimi is about the same or worse as I can buy in a good Japanese supermarket.As for the hot food, some of it wasn't very hot at all. I picked up some fried oysters that had just been put out and nearly gagged when I ate it, because it was at room temperature and just a soggy piece of grease.The tempura shrimp is always good though, and the crab legs as well.Now my biggest gripe - the green tea ice cream. Yes it's good, the problem is I've been here four times and they've run out twice. I'm also pretty sure they either intentionally don't bring out more from the back or intentionally don't order enough to satisfy demand. If they keep being so cheap and greedy I don't anticipate coming back.
3	Makino's was...alright. The sushi rolls were decent, some nice flavor and the rice wasn't stale; of course, all the sushi rolls tasted just about the same.......but they weren't bad! they were..decent.Lots of vegetarian options, yummers seafood pancake, and a chocolate fountain! and green tea ice cream that tasted like strawberry ice cream (hmm..interesting....) oh, and okra! (though not in the same sentence as green tea ice cream lol) I haven't encountered very many restaurants that serve okra, let alone okra done well; so, okra, chocolate fountain, seafood pancake, all equating to 3 stars. Makino is one of those restaurants that you don't take new people to or opt to go to yourself, but you won't decline when your friends suggest it (friends, you don't need to suggest it...)
4	One of the best sushi buffet around in the west coast. We were in Vegas for a combo birthday & bachelor's party during Sept. 11th weekend. On our first night arriving in Vegas after 4 hours drive from LA, we headed to Makino with high recommendations from local Vegas friends. Their all-you-can eat seafood selections include sea bass, grilled salmon, calamari steak, and baked clams. Their spicy tuna, salmon & rainbow rolls were da bomb. And for the sweet tooth desserts, they have chocolate & strawberry mousses, fresh fruits, and lots of assorted cakes.If you are in Vegas and like Japanese and asian fusion food, gotta try out Makino. And it's relatively cheaper priced compared to the hotel/casino buffet counting to spend around $25-26 for dinner or $16-17 for lunch.
3	We have been here twice.  On the first trip, it was very good; however, with our second experience, the quality of food was a bit down... kinda disappointing.In general, this restaurant is located in the Food 4 Less shopping complex on Decatur.  Parking in the area is a bit cramped.  Both times, we had to park farther away than expected.The restaurant is laid out with buffet style - cart tables that are located on the far wall of the restaurant.  Tables are nicely spaced out.Our waitress was very good.  She took care of us and kept an eye on us the whole time.Now the food:a.  Salad -- it is okay.  sometimes it is fresh; however, some of the greens are a bit old.b.  Oyster -- this was our hit and miss.  I love oysters.  During our first trip, oysters were plump, juicy, and fresh.  yay!!!  On our second trip, it was not too fresh at all... small and not appealingc.  Snow crab legs -- extremely disappointing.   Did they happen to buy anorexic Snow Crabs?  These things were frail and thin... Honestly, both trips, I was a bit shocked.  Being a seafood lover, I was sadly disappointed.d.  Sushi -- this is why you are here.  They have a good assortment of sushi to choose from.  I prefer sushi with "eel" in it.  Unfortunately, there is not much of a selection (they have only like 2-3 eel dishes).  Overall, the sushi is fresh, it is good as well.In summary, I took the average of both my visits and came to a 3 star.  Maybe, 3.25 is more fitting.  For 25 bucks a person, I would prefer some other places though.... I would recommend instead:-- If you like crab legs, hands down, go to Asia Buffet off of Eastern Avenue for only like 19.99 on Fri or Sat -- these things are plump there.  Also, oysters are amazing.-- If you like sushi, this place is fine.  However, the better place is Sushi-mon (corner of Maryland and Silverado)~ 27 bucks per person.Cheers and good dining!
4	um, i think i'm kind of in love with this place. my co-workers and i were treated to lunch here and it was great! service was great, the servers were always there to clear plates and refill your drinks. the selection of food was pretty amazing. lots and lots of fresh sushi rolls to choose from. there was lots of other dishes to try as well. all you can eat for $17...can't beat that especially for sushi. i already want to go back!
1	Honestly they probably deserve 2 stars, however the mean average is doing a serious disservice to anybody with taste.  We drove by this place, checked the Yelp reviews on a whim, and boy have Yelper's missed the mark on this place.One thing they have correct is that it is significantly better than Todai.  However, even the hot selections and dessert buffet couldn't save this place.  The fish was all chewy and old tasting, and the place was PACKED (we stopped in on Christmas Eve).  Those don't add up; the plates were being constantly swapped out, there should have been some decent nigiri choices, but literally every piece of nigiri was a chore to chew and swallow.  Usually, I love the fish and want to leave the rice-- but here I was tempted to leave the fish and just eat the pretty decent sushi rice.  I will say the sushi is far better than any other buffet line sushi I've ever had, but the Yelper's made it seem like better quality could be expected.  In the end, it's still buffet line sushi-- Sushi lovers don't be conned!The price point is wrong too.  Lunch may be a decent value, but there are far better hot asian buffets in town for the hot foods at a much cheaper price, and for the same price I can name at least a half a dozen absolutely primo quality AYCE cooked/prepared to order sushi places (actually; with this place clocking in at $25.99 most of the better places are even a few bucks less).  There's really no winning stategy here-- They have decent crab legs, but if it's crab you want there are much cheaper places. And the sushi is borderline gross.  Heck, if you want crab, for a few bucks more you can ditch the snowcrab and crackers and head over to the Wynn or Bellagio where the crab is King Crab, and the work is already done for you.  On the westside, headout a few more blocks until you get to Hikari, where they will beat every dish served at this buffet for roughly the same price (or less if you are a good looking lady after 11 pm).  And Hikari isn't even the best alternative.If you like sushi, don't waste your money here and go to a real sushi bar.  One Yelper writes: "One of the best sushi buffet around in the west coast."  The sad thing is they may be right.
4	I've been going to this Makino ever since it opened up around 1998-1999.I still remember the first time I dined at Makino Sushi and Seafood Buffet. It was for dinner, and when I first stepped into the restaurant, I felt like a kid in a candy store. I had all the shrimp tempura to myself and unlimited bowls of udon. The sushi was very fresh, and the crab legs were satisfying (not too salty). For dessert, I had tiramisu and strawberry mousse cake. They were cut into little pieces, and every little piece would melt in my mouth (That's what she said). But best of all, there weren't many people, and we had to come back! Makino WAS a hidden gem buried deep in the ocean. But of course, word gets out and eventually, there are other Makino locations across the valley. Up until today, I thought the food quality had retrogressed. But my family decided to dine here tonight, and I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food. The restaurant was very crowded, but the service was excellent. Our plates were always cleared, and our water glasses were never empty. But back to the food. The crab legs were a little bland, but they did the trick. Makino had huge oysters tonight, and I ate them with ponzu sauce. So delicious! They had a small selection of nigiri sushi but a lot of rolls instead. The spicy tuna rolls were excellent. For dessert, in addition to fruit and cakes, they also served crepes and ice cream. Makino, you did your job tonight! I might come back when I'm in town again.
3	Food is pretty mediocre but the selection is vast and it's all you can eat and there are fairly good desserts. The sushi rice needs more flavoring, the tamago sushi was quite bland, and the rice on some of the sushi was a little hard. The miso soup is dispensed from a machine (weird). They also have tempura seaweed that tastes like the packaged kind you can get at Japanese stores.. Loved that. Dessert- cream puff was surprisingly light and quite good. I didn't expect to like it but then I ate the whole thing. Mango pudding was decent, cheesecake was ok. Yummilicious Factor = B-
4	I admit, I pretty much look down on restaurants off the strip or hotels because I don't know how bad they possibly could be to not be on the strip. I guess being a tourist makes me kind of ignorant of places sometimes. Makino is located on a typical town center you see anywhere, doesn't look too standout-ish, so you would've never guessed how good this place was. Once I walked in Makino, the staff made me feel at ease and were very welcoming. Walking up to the buffet was like heaven. And you wonder, 'Wow, all this sushi for only $25?!'; they had EVERYTHING: spicy tuna, eel rolls, california, etc. So many a la carte ones as well! My only problem with the sushi is that the rice isn't kept tight. If I poked lightly at a roll, the rice will fall apart easily.They even have a chocolate fountain (thank God, someone has finally answered my prayers!) and a miso soup machine. Pretty awesome! Except the guy behind the dessert counter who refused to answer my question if there were any strawberries.
5	Normally the words "sushi" and "buffet" together make me want to run to the bathroom and hurl.  Not the case with Makino.  I've eaten here a few times in the past few months and the quality of the food is excellent.The sushi is always very fresh.  They have the best soy sauce.  They add some crushed red peppers and it gives it just a little kick.  All of the hot food is gourmet quality.  I haven't tried the desserts but they look great.  This has to be one of the best sushi buffet restaurants in Las Vegas, if not the western USA.
5	I'm probably biased with Makinos since that is like my favorite AYCE sushi joint there, but man I love this place...Anytime and every time I'm in Vegas, you know you can count on me visiting one of the Makino locations for sure!For those of you who read my other Makino review (located in the heart of the LV Fashion Outlets), know that the variety of sushi at this place is just terrific!  If you were to compare Makinos to the likes of Todai, Onami, etc... I'm telling you Makino will blow it out of the water!  So this Makino branch on Decatur'Flamingo is suppose to be the original Makinos that has set foot in Vegas.  For those who don't know, Mr. Makino was (I believe) the founder of Todai... then later when the quality was not up to par or as he has intended he decided to sell the chain and create Makino in Vegas instead to keep his sushi legacy going.So let's get back on track to the sushi part of the story...  What don't you want? What can't you get?  It's got everything here!  6 different types of California rolls, 10 types of fusion rolls, 10 types of nigiri, and a few other deep fried sushi for those of you who loves anything fried... the best part about Makinos?  The menu is not set and it changes daily... so let the imagination creation run wide my sushi chefs!  (numbers are approximations but it is quite vast for sure!)I can't tell you which rolls are good but I'm a sucker for fusion sushi..  (I'm not all that into the good old traditional styles so you can definitely call me biased on that!)  So majority of them are all very tasty!  (I just skip those that has cream cheese in them because sushi don't taste right with cream cheese in my mind)  So try them all and let me know which is your favorite!  Then for those who are not keen on sushi there's a lot more you can work with!  They've got cold salad selections (about 5 kinds), assorted hot foods for you to choose from ranging from teriyaki chicken, sukiyaki beef, deep fried tofu, steam fish, miso soup, beef ribs, gyoza, fried rice, yakisoba, steam veggies, udon noodle soup, clams, mussels, tempura veggies, and my favorite of them all, the tempura shrimp!  (These shrimps are so amazing! and it would be worth it already if you just sit there and down about 50 of them!!!  LOL!)Lastly, let's not forget about the desserts!  A decent selection of baked goods are available but the one of the tastier selection is the almond jello!  So rich in almond flavor.. yum!  And of course we can't forget about the ice cream parlor!!!  Red Bean ice cream is the way to go here!  Just simply delicious if you have never tried red bean ice cream!  (They also have vanilla, chocolate, green tea, and occasionally, a couple other flavors such as strawberry or cookies n' cream)So for those of you who are sushi specialists and not really caring much about how much it would cost to have 3 tiny plates of sushi presented in front of you, this is definitely not the place for you!  However, if you are down for a good, tasty, and fresh AYCE sushi that won't break your bank, Makino's is highly recommend.  It does take a little drive out of the strip but compared to the usual buffets in Vegas, this is definitely well worth the quick sight-seeing trip!
4	Great price for the food you get.  I went here recently during my stay in Vegas and it was well worth the buck.  There's made to order crepes and ice cream.  The sushi is good, I like the hot foods too.
3	Makino is only buffet restaurant I go when ever I want AYCE. I have tried some local Chinese buffet restaurants buy any one of them was good. Makinos food is not excellent but not bad for the price.
5	Normally the words "fresh fish" in Las Vegas is often aimed at the Bunny Ranch... but I'd have to give it up for Makino.The buffet is NOT what you would think.  For the life of me, I can't remember the last time I had a sushi buffet (I believe it was todai in LA), but this place is amazing for the price.  I had sushi at a local restaurant and it cost me $100 just to fill me up -- nearly had a heart attack when I got the bill.  But at Makino, I just kept going back and back.  Spent about 3 hours there with some friends as we chatted, ate, drank, ate some more, chatted a bit more and then ate again.  The dessert bar rocks too -- love that chocolate fountain.If you're looking for a cheap price buffet that has crab, GIANT prawns, oysters, clams, mussels and sushi for around $25 -- then this is your place.  Love it and I will return!
4	All the food is good. Sushi is fresh. Large variety of food. Dessert: Chocolate fountain, variety of ice cream (including green tea), green tea cheesecake, crepes (made to order), assorted fruit, flan, and mango cake!
4	We had came here on our last day.  We were just about to leave town when our friend, who also drove, told us to come here.  Apparently he's been coming here for ten years so we trusted him.I usually skip buffets [although there's this all-u-can-eat Korean BBQ that's to die for in Chinatown!] since I don't eat my money's worth but I had no problem here.  Everything was fresh and refreshing.  I'm glad we came here for lunch.  Every time I went out for another plate [only three plates], there would be a new item.  It's quite exciting!On the way out, I grabbed my second ice cream cone.  The first one was green tea.  My second one was red bean.  All that milk had me out like a lamp on the way home!I will definitely come here again.  After all, I think my other friend wants to have her wedding reception here!
4	Food was good, got there before the rush of people came in.  Service was on appoint, constantly checking in on us.  Never seen a miso dispenser like that, makes me wish I had one of those at home.  I'd definitely come back here again.
2	Service was friendly and attentive with our drinks. You know the sushi isn't that good when the "preparers" aren't sushi chefs. Trust me, I just know. How do they get away with fake crab meat? Awful. There are several AYCE dishes you can choose; from miso soup, odon, tough teriyaki beef, not-so-bad breaded scallops on a stick, bland noodles, tasty garlicy fried rice, oily and too bready shrimp tempura, etc. And all the desserts from their small selection of sweets from cookies, gelatins, fruits and mini cakes that weren't too bad. I had to bring Hubby here once just to see if he likey.  He said it was okay.  I forgot how much I truly don't like this place, for crappy sushi with mediocre dishes at $25 pp... "been there, done that" and I don't think we'll be back.
5	A friend of our who frequents LV introduced us to this spot 5 years ago. It satisfied and exceeded expectations then, so when we went back to Vegas last weekend, it was top 3 on my list to do. And boy, was I glad!!! I love it, love it, love it. The sushi is fresh and the selections was huge. The prime rib was perfect with the horseradish and the sauce. The variety was just awesome and anyone would be sure to be satisfied. We even went on Mother's Day and the line was long but the wait was only 10 mins. I am super-satisfied and looking forward to another visit!
4	I came here for my birthday lunch whilst in Vegas on a Saturday. I reserved a table for 20 people and they gave me a whole section up near the right hand side of the restaurant.The food was great as per usual. They were able to split bills per table. They did add the gratuity to our bill which i believe was 20%. The food is awesome. Great selection of sushi and fresh! And for those that don't eat sushi, there is Chinese food there as well! Dessert is also good. They also brought me out a little birthday cake which was really lovely! I love it here and i would recommend this place to anyone!
4	We've been to Makino's twice in the last month for special events. Since Makino's is AYCE, it really helps with large parties and everyone's likes and dislikes.  Makino's is more a "seafood" type of buffet with sushi, sashami and asian inspired dishes. The first time we came here the nigri was good, salmon was definitely the freshest. Yesterday's nigri was better than the time before. I'm not a big fan of the rolls as it fills you up quickly and there's just too much sauce. However, Makino's does try to compensate for that by putting two of the same rolls out one with sauce and one without. I haven't tried anything there that was not sushi besides the udon. Dessert is ok, nothing too crazy....there is a chocolate fountain and shaved ice for those with a sweet tooth. Overall, Makino's is a good place to go for those that want a good deal for quick sushi/seafood.
5	This was what you go looking for when you dine in Vegas. I was blown away by the quality
5	Great buffet off the strip, especially considering the many many options of sushi along other great Japanese selections. They'll even custom make a roll for you if ya ask them!! The prices are low as well
5	Every time i go to Vegas, my family and i make it a point to go to this fantastic Japanese buffet. Being born and raised in Hawaii, i grew up around asian cuisines, so i know good sushi when i eat one! I sometimes fear to purchase sushi whilst in the mainland (or even europe) because i have had bad experiences, but this place never fails me. i always feel like such a fatty here, though....considering that i'll eat multiple sushi-filled platters and such. i always get seconds of anything w/unagi and masago. their combos are delicious! and don't forget dessert! (chocolate fountain, ice cream, crepes, just to name a few!). im a huge fan of soups also, so yay to them for having miso and udon! various types of tempura is also a plus! So if you feel like escaping the strip and eating at an affordable asian buffet, i would suggest Makino. i mean seriously...All you can eat sushi at a good price? yes, please!
2	I am not  sure how anyone has given this place 3 or 4 stars. Yes they have a good amount of food to choose from, but doesn't any buffet? The hot items were almost warm, and by almost warm I do not mean they were kinda hot, more like kind of room temperature. I love sushi, been to many AYCE sushi places, definitely would not go here for sushi. Unless that is if you think it is ok if you cannot tell the difference between there salmon and there tuna when you close your eyes because all of there fish is either tasteless or fishy, oh and that too is room temperature.      Pretty sure raw fish sitting out and being served at room temperature is in fact a food safety violation, I am really hoping I do not get sick for being dumb enough to eat the pieces I had on my plate. There rolls were ok they actually had flavor,  mostly due to the sauce however. All those that say this place has good sushi probably are also the same people that call a california roll or some roll with mayonnaise and or cream cheese sushi, they are not.      The place was empty at lunch time on a friday, I can taste why that is. The staff I will admit was friendly and service was what you would expect at a buffet, the food however was nothing special. Money not so well spent. Quality lacking, I am really disappointed in yelper on this one, I followed the advice of some people that obviously do not really care what they put in there mouth when I read the reviews on this place. One last comment, in case you did not notice that I really did not care for their "sushi" I should just say that if I was rating only on there sushi I would have given them only 1 star, the second star came in because they have some good appetizer type selections such as the calamari, pickled cucumbers, seaweed salad, udon, kim chee along with some others such as edemame. Sorry to others that have a discriminating pallet as I do and ate here. This is my first review and I am only writing it because I was amazed at how far off the reviews on this place really are.
3	I used to come here all the time and I always remember it being delicious, but my last visit wasn't as good. I understand I went on a slow day but a lot of the food was not fresh. It was obvious that most of the food had been left out for hours because of the lack of business. Last time I went, everything was fresh and hot. It was a lot busier at that time too though. Since the ice cream and shaved ice is not self serve, you have to wait for someone to get those things for you. I waited for at least 10 minutes until someone walked over. Creme brulee is my favorite dessert and I always look forward to coming here for all you can eat creme brulee. This time, the flavor was good but it was not even solid. The consistency was almost as thin as water. Quite a disappointment. I won't give this place a bad rating because I have better experiences from this place in the past but something has definitely changed.
2	Not very impressed at all. First of all the layout was kind of an inconvenient. The place was somewhat big but it was tight just maneuvering around the food bar. Sushi rolls: had alot of varietiesNigiri: it was somewhat warm, not disgusting warm but it could have been betterEverything else was just meh, nothing to rave about and nothing to remember about.Conclusion: I would never come back unless someone else paid for me.
4	Note: prior to trying this place, I have never had sushi in my life. Yes, I'm 20 years old but I never took the consideration of trying sushi. Mainly because I don't enjoy Asian cuisine as much as I enjoy other food. But I came here with my family because it's a buffet and my fam loves sushi. Also note that I don't know nothing about what's what. Whatever looked good, I got. And I enjoyed it! I may be an amateur but whatever looks good is good. They also served other Asian dishes with various sorts of BBQ including Korean BBQ even though it wasn't that tasty. But the convenience of a buffet doesn't deserve too much negativity. For spending $15-20 for all you can eat, don't resist. Just eat. My review may not be that helpful. Mainly because I have very minimal knowledge of sushi and Asian cuisine. But for a guy who doesn't know much and hasn't tried much, to those who are in the same position as I was before trying sushi, give it a shot! Won't hurt.
4	It's certainly been a couple of years since I've been here and, after having a less than stellar experience here last time, I was a little bit weary to come back.  But, I was pleasantly surprised.  The food here was actually pretty good!  Well, it was a little bit greasy at times (the noodles especially) but the food was a lot better than most of your standard by-the-side-of-the-road buffet joints.  The real surprise was actually the SUSHI.  The sushi was actually pretty good, fresh fish combo'd with fresh rice is always a sure winner.  I tried a few of the "specialty" rolls and it wasn't too bad but the nigiri was actually pretty fresh and the size of the cuts were big enough to cover the rice (the way a nigiri should be IMO).Pretty good experience for a decent price ($15.95 for lunch).  Definitely coming back a little more often and although I didn't get a cone last time, I'll be sure to get my shave ice fix at the dessert bar for sure.
4	Great food beef was a little overcooked. The sushi here is great looking and the flavors are mouth watering love coming here. Its worth the price!
3	Makinos is good on some things and not others.  They have improved on their sushi however they still use a LOT of sauce on them.  I would much rather have the sauce in a squeeze bottle and let me put it on myself OR have them make the same roll with and without the sauce for those that don't want it.  Not every sushi roll needs sauce.  Their apps, salads and hot entrees are typically VERY good and a nice variety.  Service is never an issue here and they are very friendly and always re filling my drink and cleaning off my plates.  Is this place the best? No. But it's far from being the worst.  It's definitely a little bit above average in quality/food.  I go back on occasion but that's about it.
5	Awesome AYCE sushi. They have egg custard which is my favorite. The only down side is its a little brown. But, still delicious. The sushi offered includes nigari and combo rolls. The buffet has both a hot and cold side offering salads and Chinese food. Dessert includes Thrifty ice cream. So good. The servers are very sweet and I have never had to wait for a refill.
1	ewww......
4	Makino's claim to fame is its AYCE sushi lunch and dinner buffets.  Prices for lunch and dinner vary depending on the day of the week (Mon-Thurs:  $15.95 lunch/$24.95 dinner; Fri, Sat, Sun, Holidays:  $16.95 lunch/$25.95 dinner).  The buffet line offers a wide variety of nigiri and rolls; however, it also has a tempting array of salads, hot dishes like tempura shrimp and vegetables, miso soup and udon, and desserts.  Makino does have its flaws.  The sushi rice is not nearly prepared to the exacting standards of better/higher end sushi restaurants.  Construction of its nigiri and rolls is impacted by a seeming lack of the appropriate amount of moisture and stickiness of the rice, which has a tendency to be a bit crumbly.  Also, hot foods, depending on turnover, get overcooked, tough, or soggy, in the case of the tempura-fried vegetables, due to spending too much time in steam trays on the hot line.  However, these shortcomings are more than offset by the Makino's sushi variety and its generous cuts of better than average quality fresh fish and other seafood.  Really, who eats sushi for the rice?   I love sushi.  While I wouldn't want to eat it every day, I definitely enjoy getting my feed on for the stuff...almost to the point of discomfort.  That said, I don't just eat any sushi.  I do have some standards for quality and selection.  Therefore, Makino on Decatur has been my go-to stop for decent quality sushi at a very fair price.  For your best bang for your buck, I recommend doing them for lunch.
5	This is my family's favorite place for sushi buffet, at least for lunch.  We haven't been here for dinner.  As far as lunch, it's better than Todai in selections.  The selections are many, even for desserts like chocolate fondue, ice creams, shave ice, ect.  They are plenty of rolls and sushi to choose.  There are also pretty good selections of cooked stuffs if you're don't want to eat too much of the 'raw' stuffs.  The only thing not available during lunch that my son love is the salmon roe(eggs).   Todai doesn't have that for lunch either.   I can't really comment much on the cooked stuffs since I normally ignored most of them.  I do love the tempura shrimps though.
2	We went there with company.  This place feels like a cheap buffet, loud and crowded.  The food is average minus.  I was OK in the morning after, but my wife had a bad stomach.  If it wasn't our company's pick, we would have never went there.All in all, if you feel like treat your self with good Japanese food for $30.00 per person, there are many better places to choose then this one.
4	Sushi and some another foods buffet restaurant. This restaurant's sushi quality is good. I like to go there! Service is okay, price is reasonable, need to ride bus or car to visit this restaurant. It's little far on the strip.
3	Something was not quite right today. I've been here before and enjoyed the experience. This time the experience was sadly average. The salmon sashimi lacked freshness and flavor. The yellowtail tasted old. What hasn't changed though is their delicious tempura: tasty and crispy.
4	This place rocks! I love tempura rolls and they had made some of the biggest crystal shrimp type rolls I have ever had.  They must have been 3-4 pieces of shrimp in each roll.  On my list of places to go back to when I hit LV.
5	This is not your creme dela creme of Sushi goodness, however the sushi assortment is great presentation wise as it is lovable on your tastebuds.  Right from the get go, the lovely staff will greet you with mushi mushi hehe...friendly and on point with refills on beverage.  The price is very reasonable...it is all you can eat buffet...so there is no limit on how much you get.  Its not your average local hometown buffet or buffet@asia price...but you get your moneys worth and then some.  Asides from sushi, they also have an assortment of seafood, asian foods and tempura shrimps and veggies...not to forget a great variety in the Dessert Bar, which includes a chocolate fondue and crepe station to name a few scrumptious treats.  Come Hungry! Another not so secret tip is....try not to eat the rice with the sushi so you dont get filled up so fast...you will be able to taste an array of selections...and definitely get your sushi worth and then some! :)
3	This is a connundrum for me.  Normally I don't like the all you can eat oriental buffet because the food is not fresh, people are messy and the food gets all mixed together and the variety is limited.  That said, this may be the best All you can eat oriental buffet I have been to.  It has a great layout, plenty of creative sushi dishes, and they really take pride in their freshness and cleanliness.  The tuna was perfectly fresh and the calamari was excellent.  Their hot dishes were good too.  They even had a chocolate fountain for the sweet tooth.  The good thing about these places is you can try many different kinds of sushi instead of being limited to 4-8 pieces of each.  The trade-off is you don't get as many special roll choices and you can't ask them to make one just for you.  Still, it was a pleasant surprise and my wife is awesome for finding it!Update. I downgraded this to 3 stars.  The last time we went was not so good. The sushi was messy, and the hot food was not refreshed quickly.  It was busier than the last time and maybe they had trouble keeping up.
1	First off. It's an all you can eat seafood buffet. I should have known better going in. We came in around 8 on a Saturday night and they didn't once refresh the sushi, or any of the plates, that I could tell.  It's not cheap, and by the time we left I felt cheated. If I get sick, I'll place another review. Steer clear, Yelpers.
3	We've been coming here for AYCE sushi for a long time.  It's been painted at least five times, and the line up for the menu has changed at least that many times as well.  It seems they are always adding to it.  And there are new takes on sushi often.  But it seems that quality is slipping just a bit, and doesn't seem to be as fresh.  We have come in at different times and on different days but it seems that it's hit or miss.  Still overall, I enjoy it for a quick sushi fix, but my husband and I are starting to explore other places!
4	As for sushi buffets..this one gets my top rating.Not your typical 'california rolls' buffet with a few odd things added in.  They have real sushi chefs working behind a large bar.  The sushi is extreamly FRESH, replaced often.  The Tuna is just to die for, nothing beats the flavor of fresh fish!  Doesn't smell fishy either.  They have their share of cooked items (Calamari, soup, beef and the like). My one suggestion is to please lable each item, some, or most things are hard to tell what's in 'em.  Not a place for the weak of sushi eaters...they have some Real down and dirty RAW Fish!!  Yummy all around!The price is as good as any other All You can eat, but you don't have to wait to order.  Walk right up and serve yourself!  Dinner is around $25 per person!This place is clean and large enough for the whole family!
4	For a buffet, this place has the freshest sushi in all of Las Vegas. They offer a very nice variety of sushi, a salad bar, plenty of cooked Japanese style dishes, and delectable desserts that you can enjoy as well. I recommend going there for lunch on the weekdays  because you can get the most bang for your buck (M-Th 11:30am-2:00pm =  $15.95, Fri-Sun 11:30am-3:00pm + holiday = $16.95 ). However if you decide to go there for dinner there will be even more goodies at the buffet such as crab legs, oysters, shrimp cocktail and sashimi (M-Th = $24.95, Fri-Sun + holiday = $26.95). Service was friendly and excellent. They came by fairly frequently and cleared off our table as we got up for seconds and thirds. Will definitely come back again to gorge myself silly on sushi.
4	My friends and I were looking for a new place to try in Vegas, so on a whim, we asked one of our cab drivers if he had any recommendations. After all, most of our best recommendations for places to eat in Vegas have come from locals. He said if we like sushi (and we love it), we should try Makino!I'm always a little wary of sushi buffets because let's face it, raw fish that's left out for a while... not the most appetizing thing. But I was pleasantly surprised by my trip to Makino-- I think we all were! I can see why there may be negative reviews, but for us, the sushi and sashimi were refreshed regularly (thank goodness!) and was really quite delicious. They had a good mix of sushi and non-sushi items, which was good for the members of our party who were not as big sushi fans as the rest of us were. They have an udon noodle station, and really scrumptious mussels!And even though this place is AYCE sushi, I have to talk about the desserts. Chocolate fondue fountain? Green tea ice cream? And fresh fruit (I am a fruit monster)? Love. The green tea ice cream is super yums, though the annoying thing is you have to wait for someone to get it for you, so try and go when there's no line.Location-wise, it's sort of off the strip, but we could see the sign for it from our room at Palms Place, so if you're staying at the Palms, definitely go check it out!tl;dr: Surprisingly yummy AYCE sushi/sashimi! We were all really full, and really pleased. Also, no one in our party of 12 got sick.
4	I remember coming here like 8-9 years ago when I first came here to eat. I was so surprised with all the different sushi and deserts you can get to eat. I was so happy and excited that it was so cheap and fresh the food. Ate 6 plates full of sushi with no space left hehee. I'm a fattie. Ate so much, had to unzip my shorts LoLz  . Went back to NY and told everyone lolz.
5	OMG! I'M IN LOVED! Best sushi seafood buffet ever had. All the sushi rolls were perfectly made, not too thick on the rice, perfect proportion. Squid, Octopus, Eel and Conch Nigiri. All the sushi was fresh made and well stocked. Make your own Udon noodle soup. Hot entrees include giant whole steam shrimp that was out of this world. Oh yeah, red bean ice cream. And this was all lunch, loved to see what they have for dinner. Yes! Definitely be back.
3	A lot of food. Not too expensive during lunch time. There is also a lone of variety of sushi an hot foods. The taste is good and seafood is fresh enough to not give you a stomach problem. seating is like a big buffet
4	This is my Fav sushi buffet joint in vegas. The sushi is always fresh and they have inventive rolls. Hot food and salads too. Can get crowded. Lots of locals eat here. Highly recomend...
5	We, party of 10 with 2 kids, walked in as soon as the doors open @ 5:30pm, ready for some fresh sushi, oysters, crab legs, shrimp and their fresh cooked food (great selection ;-). @ 25.95 a pop for dinner and price goes down by heighth for kids12 yrs and younger, 5ft or shorter has their prices and so on. Senior citizens discount too.Anyhow, food was really good, at their sushi bar there were about 16 different types of creative sushi, all made with fresh ingredients , fresh oysters, crab legs, salads, in their made food section, the buffet offered about 10 different made dishes ranging from fried tempura to chicken & mushrooms but I only ate there baked prawns with a seafood melody sauce,  which was on point with flavors.  Last, I never made it to dessert, tapped out after 3 rounds, but the dessert section was filled with fruit, sweet goodies and ice cream.  The servers were very good and fast at taking plates away and keeping drinks filled. This buffett is on the west side of the strip but worth the drive for a real good seafood, sushi, and japanese cooked food buffet. Our experience was fulfilling and fun. A buffet worth coming to.
2	We had 2 AYCE dinner buffets for 55 on a tuesday night. - I might be harsh, but it's only bc i feel like i got ripped off....lol- Slightly better than Todai. Very similar menu with better sushi (better is a almost an overstatement). At least with Today they got coupons!- sushi is essentially all the same with different presentation and combinations. wheres the SALMON SKIN ROLL!? SPIDER ROLL!? FAIL...- Nigiri is way better than Todai. octopus :)- they don't get mad if you throw away rice! - they have this really cool octopus display :)!- Oyster and crab legs were good, but you can't go wrong with that.- other worth while things to get: shrimp with crab, shrimp tempura, and clams.- The desert selection looked disgusting. sloppy. broken pieces. people picked at certain things. lost appetite. Ice cream was okay. you can get green tea and red bean :)- udon noodles looked dry. miso soup was too watery. tofu cubes were destroyed. - If this buffet was 15, then it'd be worth it. Not for almost 30 a person. I'd rather hit up a goyemon.
3	Made my first visit to Makino this past 4th of July week in vegas.  I have to admit, i did enjoy the food, but... here what made my visit so horrible.After a long drive out to Grand Canyon and back.  We made it to Makino's quite late.  We got there by 8:50pm.  We did call ahead of time and they indicated they closed at 9:30pm.  So we figured,  Ok we can eat till 9:30, which gives us about 40 minutes.  WRONG.  We got out table started eating.  at 9:10pm, they started removing everything.. and i mean everything.  I was thinking, WTF???? They're business hour sign says close at 9:30pm.. which means, customer's can actually come in up to 9:30pm, right?  After our second plate, that was it.. other than a few left over plates they were wanting the remaining customer's to clean out.  They litterally started cleaning everything out, while there were still a lot of customer's still eating.  I would say about 10~12 table of customers still eating.  By 9:20pm, almost all the food was gone (as in the worker's cleaned it out), and even the desserts were all stacked up on a cart.. My buddy and i almost felt as we were burdening them to ask for a scoop of ice cream for dessert.  This is ridiculous... I dont know if the owner's are aware of this practice?But i think if you're charging your customers the full dinner prices of $26.00 or so.. despite the fact the workers may want to hurry up and go home.. or maybe try and catch the late poker tournament... but if you're business hours says close at 9:30pm..  and you have customer's eating, getting rid of all the food and pretty much pressuring your customers to hurry up and eat and leave by 9:30pm.. is very poor business practice.They should've at least advice us at 8:50pm, that all the foods will be removed for closing by 9:10pm.. Rather than just charging us the full price, and then pretty much rushing us out of there.In a city where there's full of buffets, good restuarants.. I have to admit, the food was not bad.  Todai quality... or maybe a tad bit better.. but very bad business practice.  So if you're planning to hit Makino's somewhat late.. dont forget to immediately get about 3 plates full of stuff you want...
4	Very similar to Todai in style.  They serve hot foods (terriyako, udon, tofu, etc) as well as a full sushi bar with rolls and nigiri.  In terms of quality, they definitely have the upper hand.  I was surprised by the freshness of the nigiri, and they don't skimp on the portions of fish at all.  They are actually quite thick and tasty.  I don't like that the rolls are very california and spicy tuna oriented.  Most look about the same; they just pile on the sauces and dressings over your standard california or spicy tuna roll.  I hardly eat rolls anyways, so this is a non-issue for me.  Their service is quick and friendly, and it hardly ever gets too crowded.  Parking is on site which is good, and I like that this place is really clean.
5	Pretty bomb as far as AYCE sushi goes. Yes, it's a little pricey at dinner, but the food stays hot and fresh. The sushi selection is nice, but they have an array of other AYCE entrees as well. If you just want to try it out, but not sure you want to spend $22 for dinner, go there for lunch for $16 a person.Besides, who doesn't love all you can eat fresh shrimp tempura?
4	I love coming here for lunch whenever I'm in town. The fish is fresh and the hot line is amazing. The desserts are also on point with a variety of Asian flavored ice creams such as Green Tea and Red Bean. Gotta love it
4	My family's been going to Makino since it opened, it is our go-to place whenever we're craving sushi. Their sushi is not -the- best, I admit, but it's not the worst either. I really like the variety in their buffet menu. Their salads and cold dishes is actually my favorite. I like getting a big pile of edamame to nibble on as my appetizer. I usually ignore half of the hot dishes since I can eat most of them at home (like fried rice and yakisoba) but I have tasted them and they are pretty good. I love that they added ramen as well. Their desserts are a hit or miss sometimes. My favorites throughout the years are the thin almond cookies and their creme brulee. There were times that they didn't have both which is why I deducted a star (lol) because some of their dessert items are a little mediocre, sorry. But of course they're known for their seafood and 90% of the time it's fresh and delicious. However, the 10% of the time, the crab legs were flavorless and thin and the oysters didn't taste fresh. Sushi and sashimi, in my opinion, have always tasted pretty good. The only thing that saddens me is that they stopped serving salmon sashimi slices :( Service has always been A+. Drinks were always refilled and waitresses are easy to call on.
1	I asked for my money back!  The fish was rubbery.  The roll I ate tasted like a piece of carpet with mayonnaise on it.  The chow mein had a disturbing spice (?) in it.  The chicken skewer looked to have been sitting there for four days.  The locals seem to love this place.  That being said, one of them sitting next to me was eating her sushi with a fork.  You're better off getting a fish sandwich at a fast food restaurant.  Your gut will not like this food.
4	family has been coming here for years for lunch hour, but experienced dinner for the first time-had crab legs! super yum!
1	Two of my friends and I headed to Makino after a long day at the pool, very hungry and very excited for "all you can eat sushi" - willing to pay a hefty $30 each.We ordered our plates and set out to the buffet.  The diversity of dishes was good, but the selection of rolls, Sushi, and Sashimi was limited.  We loaded up our plates and sat down to eat.  The first comment that came out of my friends mouth was that her sashimi was lukewarm - like, sat out for a while warm.  We kept eating and each bite was as unexciting as the last.  No good flavors, weird, congealed textures - it all just seemed unfresh - not something you usually expect - especially for $30 a head.Disappointed, we stopped eating before we had finished our first plates and tried to think of how we should proceed.  None of us wanted to keep eating, but felt that we had invested far too much to not get a good meal.  Finally, I decided to call the waitress over and very politely let her know that we didn't like our food.She went away and spoke to her manager (who i found out was the owner) and told me there was nothing she could do.  I persisted and she brought him over.  He told me that there was nothing he could do because I had started eating the food (well duh- how would I know it was bad).  He then claimed that I must not like sushi (the moment when I was glad I was sitting with two Asian girls).  Finally he told me he would remove one of our meals from the bill. So - eventually we paid $60 for three people to eat a few scraps of food.  I wouldn't recommend this place - warm, congealed sushi for $30 a person.
4	I first reviewed Makino in 2006 before AYCE sushi joints blew up in town. This used to be our go-to place for crab legs but the quality went downhill in the last few years especially during the economy crash.A few months ago, my husband and I were craving crab legs and sushi badly. We didn't want to spend over $30 at M buffet for crab legs or go to an AYCE sushi place and not have crab legs. We were not willing to compromise on either, so on a whim, my husband suggested Makino.We prepared ourselves for a mediocre meal, but to our surprise, Makino stepped up their game! The crab legs were amazing! They were juicy, fresh and had a hint of sweetness.  I loved their other seafood items such as their jumbo shrimp and poke. The sushi rolls are enormous. We always go right when they open so the fish has always been fresh since it hasn't been sitting out too long. The dessert is just okay to me... I love creme brulee but my favorite part is breaking the crispy sugar layer and it's never made correctly. I'm guessing they stepped up their game with the opening of The Boiling Crab in the same shopping center. I love TBC but sometimes I just want plain steamed crab legs for AYCE and not pay by the poundage.If you are the mood for crab legs and sushi rolls and don't want to compromise, I suggest giving Makino a shot. After all these years, it still holds up!
3	Japanese buffet in Vegas started with Makino. The regular buffet where all dishes are out and you just pick what you like. They charge $25 for dinner. The fish quality at Makino is not very good. For their sashimi, the fish cuts were of low grade and the color Of the tuna was very pale. Their rolls are all very saucy and the fish in it tends to be soggy too.Their desserts are not bad though and the service was pretty good. That's where the 3 stars are for. They have a good selection of desserts. A quick note, if you are celebrating a birthday at Makino, be sure to mention that when you arrive to your server as they will make a special cake for the celebrant.
2	WTF! Makino on Decatur/Flamingo use to be the place to go for a good 'Nippon-Jin" Buffet. Unfortunately, the quality of food has declined drastically. It's very unfortunate that the restaurants in Vegas drop their quality of product... and PLEASE stop blaming it on the economy!
4	I wasn't expecting much as the one in Hawaii is awful, I was pleasantly surprised!  The sushi and fish is not the highest of quality but decent.  The service was pretty good, prompt and attentive.  High value for the price you pay.The flying fish eggs and salmon roe was the best sushi, they don't skim on these.  Avoid anything with the squid, it's cut too thick and too chewy.  The green tea ice cream is a good touch at the end.
5	Excellent quality and good price ($17) for lunch. The NY teriyaki was super tender.
5	Delicious, fresh, reasonable. Something for everyone.Expect to wait, but it's worth it!
4	When it comes to buffets, esp. sushi buffets, there's a balance between quantity vs quality. For an AYCE Sushi, it's my favorite. It is a buffet, so stop comparing it to fancy overpriced sushi joints. Last time I went to one of those places on the strip, I walked away with a $150 check and I was literally starving on the way home. So NO THANKS. I'll get my sushi fix here for $25 and love every bit of the variety it has to offer. I'm not a sushi snob. Just don't get me sick or give me a tape worm.I was surprised to see that they put out ahi and yellow tail sashimi here, unlike the Premium Outlet location. Lunch is really the best deal at $17, because for dinner, you get crab for $8 more. Not necessary. I was surprised to see my friend had crepes made for dessert.Overall, if I want sushi, this is where I go. I don't need the fancy shimancy places with the see through sashimi slices for $20 a plate. I can overlook the tacky octopus decor that's above my head. It's the BEST BANG for the BUCK when it comes to AYCE sushi.
4	Sushi, crab legs, sushi , crab legs. Did I mention that I LOVE cheap (relatively) sushi. We ate here on the second night in Vegas, yes, this was the first glutton fest of the week. The price is right.... $26.95The sushi was fantasticThe crab legs, although small, were very tasty.The stuffed shrimp were excellent. The staff were friendlyThere was ICE CREAM !!!Compared to the Makino in Hawaii?  Smaller, cheaper , tons of parking, NO LINE and far less crowded. GREAT EXPERIENCE
4	I'm here every month. I come here for lunch at 11:30 am as soon as it opens.. LoL! I go for the all you can eat sushi... for the price it's worth it!!!!!
5	I have only three words for this place. Yum. Yum. and Yum.
4	Alright!!! Not a huge sushi fan - but - my wife loved it!!! Didn't think I could get $26 worth of food (I eat veggie rolls with lots of wasabi). They had steak - real tender and cooked medium rare. Also Chicken teriyaki, and some chicken kabobs with red bell pepper that were delish! Everything looked REAL FRESH, salads were good - MISO was excellent!!! Most of these buffet style places have cheapo desserts - NOT HERE - Real Creme Brulet, the green tea ice cream was excellent! They had other stuff I didn't try (too full). You WILL find a couple desserts you will like. Veggie rolls were very good and the wasabi was HOTT!!! Wife thought her meal would cost about $100 at a good sushi place - VERY PLEASED!!! Can't give it a five star because I'm not a sushi, pork, shellfish eater. Hot green tea was also excellent (and I know green tea - this was close to my personal favorite "Novus Dragon Well Green") This place is saved in our GPS for the next trip to Vegas!!!
5	Makino was my All-Star for like 10 years until AYCE Sushi bars started to get more attention.  Now that I have something to compare Makino to, I personally think it is sort o' getting played out.    Even though, this Godzilla of a sushi buffet will never get less than five as long as I'm yelping.  The extensive selection on sushi, fried foods, crab legs and dessert is still top notch.  I was deflowered by Makino in the aspect of sushi.  Makino will always be my first!
4	This place is a sushi buffet. I was surprised that even though it is a sushi buffet, everything was fresh. It has good food and good service plus a huge selection of seafood. I would go back here again!
3	my irish buddy and i came by here since it was still lent and we weren't in the mood for Filet-o-Fish. a litle pricey for lunch, i thought, at $18. food was good though. lots of options. lots of sushi especially. the tempura veggies and shrimp were yummy. may just come back next year if we don't find a less expensive spot. oh, and be advised, cab drivers don't stop by here to get you.
4	Great place to bring friends and family!! First time vist with my husband, his parents and our kids (ages 3 and 1). Very clean, not crazy busy and child friendly. The sushi was delicious. Lots a variety and freshly made. There is also hot dishes that my children enjoyed. I ate both sushi and hot dishes and was very impressed. Dessert was wonderful also. Kid friendly environment and service as very attentive. We will definitely be back!
5	This place has the freshest sushi selection in town!  I love all of their offerings especially their green tea ice cream.  Give this place a try when in Vegas.  Not too far from the strip and excellent pricing make this place amazing.
3	Been coming to Makino since I was a college student, on a budget. I would often head to Vegas for fun trips with girlfriends. Friends would recommend this place. This AYCE started at $16 per person and is now $17/pp for lunch buffet.We still come here, as a matter of fact I brought my family and fiance here earlier in January of this year, and they had so much fun with the "hot foods" section. I think it is still a good deal. But one time my fiance got food poisoning. So, I do not know how fresh it really is. I would still come back, here, because it's so convenient near the outlets, but for $17/pp for buffet lunch, it could be a little steep. We'll see. It really is convenient though and pretty yummy. I like how there is a lot of selection, and there are  constantly people making the sushi, even though it's not authentic. (Lots of CALI rolls with toppings).
3	You definitely get what you pay for here.  The lunch buffet is $17 and the sushi buffet tastes better than grocery store sushi. Barely.  The hits here were the miso soup (I love that it's an automated machine), the nigiri and the fried shrimp.  Some of the rolls I tried were okay and some inevitably had old tasting rice.   Makino isn't trying to wow you.  It's a sushi buffet and is clearly aimed at the tourist clientele who frequent the Las Vegas Premium Outlets.  For the price, I would probably return, but in no way is this as satisfying as Sushi Koma, Sen of Japan, or a million other sushi joints in town.
3	Went here for mother's day. To me, it was just OK. On the plus side, they have a lot of seafood choices. Fish, sushi, invertebrates, etc. All you can eat. The staff was attentive. The negative: $27.95/each for dinner, so with 5 of us eating, it came to just a little over $150 and some change. For my money and medium appetite, I would rather go to a nice, sit-down restaurant where I can order a decent $25 entree from a menu. Once a year at this place is good enough for me.
4	This place was the best seafood buffet I've been to, a must go in addition to Vegas buffets at the big hotels. 35 bucks out the door and there was a small line forming about 10 minutes before open for dinner. They were nice about splitting the check a billion different ways. There's tons of sushi options but I focused on the sashimi and hand rolls. The sashimi was quite good if not amazing, while the hand rolls were delicately prepared. You can avoid eating the rice here, but people hid rice under Oyster shells anyway...did I mention the raw oysters were good? They also had crab legs and a good deal of hot food that was good, Asian stuff with a highlight on the kebabs. Udon and miso soup were pleasant as well.Well worth the price!
4	This is a *All You Can Eat* buffet, and great place to bring a large crowd for a small decent price. I usually eat at night so prices are $20-$24 never paid so I'm assuming lol. Never experienced a long wait time but it is always busy weekday or weekend. Atmosphere is pretty busy,tables are cluttered which you literally are too close to another party which I find pretty awkward. Service is not bad at all, refills are very prompt which is awesome for a busy restaurant.Buffet line is pretty decent, a lot of random sea food choices. If you are planning to bring someone that has never ate raw fish or sushi this wouldn't be an example for a perfect sushi. Rice for the nigiri falls off which should be sticky, I had other better sushis. I do not memorize the full buffet line but you can get crab legs, oysters, clams, friend shrimp, plenty of sushi, soups, and dessert. Desserts are bomb, usually get the green tea ice cream.Parking is decent many stalls to find since it also is near other stores and restaurants. I rate this store a 4 due to the noise level and cluttered tables.
2	Massive Japanese buffet... Big selection, affordable... Just not very good...The miso soup is really bland and, I think a few times I had it, they ran out of the miso... So I just ended up getting warm water...  The hot food ranges from bad to mediocre. The sushi - I'm afraid of eating buffet sushi... I've heard of too many horror stories about people getting sick from it - But, I hear that it's OK here... Nothing special... Maybe a little too much rice, but it's supposed to be freshService is fast and efficient.  I wouldn't say that the staff is friendly... But it's not rude...The giant octopus sculpture thing is amazing though.  +1 star for that alone.
4	Good service, good sushi for an all you can eat place. This place is one of the better deals in town.
4	The rice comes up from a rotating machine and the chef puts the fish on it. I have to admit that the rice was a bit tough and undercooked. But I still love the variety and the quality for the buck. Lunch for $17 is the best deal. I went by myself and was able to enjoy it on my own pace... All 5 plates full. I always leave feeling satisfied.
4	I would have to say this restaurant is a good deal for they have available.  I was a little apprehensive at first cause of the price and haven't been here in a loooong time but I was pleasantly surprised with the selection. My wife prefers the shrimp tempura but I liked some of the dishes and especially the sushi bar. They prepare the sushi as needed and you can't get much better than that when you take into account that eating sushi at a typical sushi bar will run you around $25 for all you can eat sushi. At this restaurant you get that and more with the addition of around 10-15 hot item entrees. The lunch ran $17 (It's $19 Fri-Sun and holidays). The dinner is a little more cause from what I read they have crab legs but you may want to double check if your thinking about going for dinner. The only drawback I did see is that drinks are not included. Try it out. I'm sure you'll be pleasantly surprised like I was. Happy eating!
5	Good Japanese food 100s miles away from sea.
5	AMAZING food. It's truely the bombdotcom!!!!!!! Oh and did i mentioned it's only $26.99 per person?!?!?
5	We stumbled across this place when we visited Vegas and decided to hit up the outlets.  It was about $18 per person for lunch on a weekday which is pretty decent considering it is a sushi buffet afterall.Why the 5 stars?  I've been to other sushi buffets such as Todai, Vegas Seafood Buffet (in Glendale, CA) & Zen Sushi, etc.  The price at Todai is outrageous in comparison!!  My BF loaded up on the sushi which they were not skimpy at all.  They had Red Snapper, Tuna, Salmon, Octopus, Mackerel and a few others.  There were also a handful of rolls.  I noticed a variety of salads including seaweed salad.  On the other side of the sushi counter, there was the cooked foods counter.  You can choose from shrimp tempura, mixed vegetables tempura, udon w/ soup, chow mein, steamed mussels, etc.There is also a dessert station with a chocolate fountain.  What it lacks in selection, the quality of the food makes up for it!  Would definitely go back the next time we're in Vegas!!
3	Showed up around 1230 with a group of four and we were seated right away. Tons of options, some labeled, some not, which made sushi choosing that much more adventurous. at least I've gotten reasonably good at identifying the things I'm allergic to (oysters, scallops -- not that these things are that hard to identify), so I managed to eat without needing a follow up ER visit.The tempura was fresh and the batter was light. If you're looking for sweet potatoes (my favorite deep fried and battered veggie), there's a white yam option. Or at least it tastes enough like a yam that that's what I'm calling it. The tempura dipping sauce is not the standard -- it's a little sweeter and tangier -- but I liked it well enough. I tried a bit of yakisoba and a bit of beef teriyaki. Both of those were also fine.Red bean ice cream is among my favorite desserts, and theirs is quite fine. I stayed away from the chocolate fountain as there were too many unaccompanied children wandering around near it, and who knows what they're stuck into that fountain. The blueberry mousse was tasty, as were the sesame cookies.All in all, a fine meal. I wouldn't pay the dinner price if the food quality/options are the same at dinner, but for lunch prices, it seemed a reasonable value.
3	I love Makino's normally...but this last visit to this particular one kind of got to me. We came in for my nieces birthday and she loves sushi and crab legs. Anyway..the food was great..but the service not too good. I totally understand the gratuity part but really $40 gratuity for someone to refill my soda and water cups. Seriously...we had to remind her that we needed some drinks. Oh and we had to ask them to take our plates away. So overall if you want sushi this is a great place...but if you want top notch service...stay away from this one...
4	Love the sushi here!
2	Mediocre buffet food. A few vegan options, but not ideal at all. Avoid if you can.
4	all you can eat japanese food, what more can i ask for? this place is busy and very crowded. thats the reason it doesnt get 5. the food is good. you kinda wonder about the food when you hear buffet or all you can eat. but i like this place. i think i had a bite of almost everything, but the one dish that i liked the most is the spicy ramen. i cant wait to go back.
2	The food was OK, it was kind of slow so the fishes was sitting on the open air buffet for to long essentially starting to look like jerky. The selection was also very limited, I asked the sushi chef to make me nigiri salmon with slices of lemon and he looked at me like I had an arm growing out of my head. The price was 25.99 plus 1.95 drink, so in my opinion it was very pricy for what it was...SUSHI BUFFET... I don't think I will be coming back here the food just was not as fresh as your standard sushi restaurant, especially for the price. Also the service was not all that great, drinks at our table were empty more of the time then full.
5	Great selection of tasty food, clean, reasonably priced with pretty good service. Can't ask for more than that at a buffet.
3	We went for the AYCE buffet on a Wednesday afternoon. They were located on S Decatur Blvd/W Flamingo Rd in the Renaissance Center West in Las Vegas.Monday-Thursday lunch $16.95Monday-Thursday dinner $25.95Fri, Sat, Sun, and holidays lunch $17.95Fri, Sat, Sun, and holidays dinner $26.95Drinks not includedThey did not allow photos of the sushi on the buffet which seemed odd.  Forks, spoons, and napkins were near the plates.  Chopsticks were already on the tables.There were large bowls of wasabi and ginger near the sushi.  There were 2 bowls of soy sauce, but they were watery.  There were little dishes for the wasabi and ginger.I liked the chicken wings, shrimp tempura and the Manila clams.  The sushi was okay.They had a small chocolate fountain with fresh fruit and marshmallows. They also had ice cream.   I liked the green tea cake.  I didn't care for the flan.I would come back for weekday lunch.
4	Perhaps 3.5 rather than 4.I've eaten here a few times as well as the one at the Premium Outlets & I can say I favor Decatur more.Been here both lunch and dinner. Selection is more extensive than the Outlet location. Same food but more to choose from. Sushi and entrees are delicious, from seafood to meats to soups and rice. Always warm and they're very quick to replace something.Dessert could be better though. I mean quality over quantity but I'd love to have more choices to choose from rather than just ice cream or fruit or 2 kinds of cake.I'm a fan though, price is comparable to some AYCE sushi joints, but with Makino you get that plus more!
4	We came on a Tuesday afternoon and AYCE for lunch is about $17- Definitely had to update my last review because this time Makino delivered!- Lunch is similar to Dinner, but way cheaper. No crab legs or oysters.- Presentation of sushi was appetizing. Good selection of nigiri, never an empty tray.- With the sushi, I like to get sides of the 2 types shrimp tempura to add an extra crunch.- I did enjoy the mussels, udon, and spicy ramen. - Dessert selection was more presentable. I recommend the green tea cake. - Not as packed as last time. No crazy hungry animals pushing and shoving.
5	I love this place!!! They have great sushi (a huge variety) and lots of yummy hot dishes! I particularly like the fact that they keep their tempura shrimp display well-stocked!  I'm always thrilled that they replenish the salmon frequently.If you are looking for a fancy sushi meal, this isn't the place for you. However, if you are looking for fresh, tasty sushi and other offerings and don't mind the idea of a buffet, you will NOT be disappointed!!!  Get here early!!! The regulars know that this place gets really busy!!! Enjoy!!!
4	It's about a 3 1/2 stars.I don't know why I keep coming back to Makino since there are so many other all-you-can-eat sushi places in Las Vegas.  And according to many reviews, sushi places with a lot more high quality food.  Call it nostalgia from when I was a freshman at UNLV and eating here was a damn fine treat (it was one of the first buffets I had here in Las Vegas), the fact that I don't have to fuss with picking out sushi from a list (I just load my plate), or the knowing that Mr. Makino himself looks like a cartoon character out of a Cooking Mama game.  Him wielding those knives in both hands when he had his commercial back in the day was damn hilarious!  Makino!Yeah, yeah, all you 'foodies' will knock me for liking a place like Makino's...fact is I don't care.  A lot of you so-called food hipsters like spending your money on the latest and absolute freshest in raw fish.  But do you know in Japan, many high-end sushi joints DON'T serve sushi right from the ocean?  Many sushi chefs say the flavor of many fish from the sea heightens AFTER it has sat for a little while (in proper condtions of course).  So put that in your food knowledge book.  Plus with me?  I enjoy no frills sometimes as long as I can gauge what I'll be expecting.  Morimoto?  A meal of a lifetime maybe someday I will get to experience.  7-11?  Damn well better know you may get SICK.  Makino?  A middle-of-the-field player with skills, not cream of the crop, but more than enough to get runs in.  A solid contributor.  There are two Makino's, one on Decatur, and one in the Las Vegas Premium Outlets (which I reviewed a long time ago).  I prefer the Makino on Decatur since it's the 1st one in Las Vegas and I just think the food there is prepared a bit better.  Oh yeah, plus now they serve ramen!  Made to order.  And hey, who doesn't love that BIG @$$ octopus dangling from the ceiling asking you for some sashimi?  Nice touch.  Yes, a lot of the rolls at Makino are sauce heavy, and many of them remind you of your typical 'California' roll.  Unfortunately this is for the less initiated sushi person, give them something familiar and they will probably try it.  But of course, in the front row of sushi you have some gems:-Ahi-Scallop-Clam-Salmon-Mackeral-EelAnd a few more choices depending on the catch Makino receives.  These are the more simple sushi, raw fish, rice, and maybe a touch of sauce or wasabi.  I eat quite a few of these.  I also like the California hand roll (much better than a regular one) as well as a spicy tuna roll.  I stress, you usually MUST ASK one of the sushi makers if you can have a hand roll.  Many times hand rolls won't be on the sushi line.  So ask the sushi maker nicely, and you should receive.  If you're getting a few hand rolls though, be nice and tip OK?  Another reason I like Makino is because of the hot foods line.  Sometimes I really want more than just sushi.  WTH do they put in that damn fried rice of theirs??  It's damn near addicting.  I also love when they have sukiyaki out on the line.  Like crack in a bowl.  I love it so much!  Thin slices of fatty meat, green onions, tofu, all simmering in a sweet broth?  Bring it on!  I admit I have more than my share of the stuff from Makino.  I will take the noodle bowl from the udon bar and overstuff it with sukiyaki.  Damn fine eats especially on a winter day.  But I'll eat it in summer as well.  But only at Makino on Decatur will you be able to enjoy a steaming bowl of shoyu ramen or pork ramen.  This lately has been my kick at Makino.  Slurping up some noodles in some decent broth is heavenly.  It is a welcome addition.Dessert at Makino?  Eh, needs some work I say.  It can be hit or miss.  I like the ice cream station, ending the meal with some green tea or red bean ice cream is good for the palette.  Chocolate fountain is ok when the pineapple is SWEET.  But those little dessert bites they have?  Some are good, some are not so good.  I like the tiramisu and the cookies & cream bites, but most of the desserts aren't very memorable.  No biggie though since I don't have the biggest sweet tooth.  Price?  Not bad for a sushi buffet.  Around $18 per person for lunch (less for kids), and around $28 for dinner per person.  Dinner adds some extra hot entrees, plus crab legs, and oysters.  There's also some more expensive sushi items at dinner, like the popular uni (when available).  I dunno, but sea urchin still tastes like slimy salt to me.  I've always had decent service at Makino, servers are unusually usually women but they are very courteous and very efficient.  No problems for me there.Hit up Makino when you want some decent sushi, with no snobby service, but no high price either.  Go here when you can't make up your damn mind on what you want to order from those other all-you-can-eat sushi places before your hour is up.  Pretty oishi!
4	Good food as usual. Great selection of Sushi and for dinner had the shrimp kabobs and shrimp tempura. The price is a bit higher for dinner at $26.95 a person but it's a good price for what you get.Also, they have crab legs too but cold. If you want they can heat them for you, just ask someone behind the counter.Thanks.
4	Sushi heaven!! The sushi was amazing! I like how the sushi is ready-made so you can pick from a bunch of different rolls to try. I love the cream mussels. Good selection of desserts. The green tea cheesecake was delicious! They have hot food as well and different types of salads. And $18 for lunch is a great price as well.
5	This sushi AYCE was hands down, one of the BEST buffets I"ve ever been to!!! It was an explosion of flavors in my mouth. I think I was taken to FOOD HEAVEN and back!!! Yes I would have loved to camp outside and eat here everyday if that was possible! Wish I could box this restaurant and transport it home with me. YUM! My mouth is salivating just thinking about the food. They have a no picture policy but that did not stop me from clicking away on my iphone at the table. I wanted to remember this heavenly experience, and what better way than to capture it in pictures!!! I love the ready made sushi because I could taste away to my heart's content and return for more. I must have eaten 5 plates of food!!! Let's just say I ate sooooo much that I was stuffed for the rest of the day and didn't eat till later that evening. Until we meet again, I will be thinking of you in my DREAMS!!!
5	One of the best buffets EVER. The sushi is like an explosion of flavor. The dessert is the BOMB. They have a variety of good dessert sushi, and many other masterpeices . It is a great place to relax. And your hereing this from a 9 year old who hates vegetables
4	Great selection and good service. I love the selection of sushi and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The price was reasonable especially considering the quality of the food. I will be coming back here often.
2	This visit was many months ago. So, this review might be outdated, but I am pretty sure food quality has not changed. This place is like many of your chinese buffet in every town. Its cheap and low quality food. However, this place is more expensive and Japanese version.The most food items are just okay, with huge selections. The rolls taste like the ones from gas station and they are smothered in all kinds of sauce. There are couple of things that are really cool about this joint. There is a giant octopus hanging from the ceiling and they use some kinda rice packer machine thingie to make rice balls for the Nigiri. I think thats kinda weird and fun to stare at it for 5 minutes. The verdict: spend few more dollars and go to REAL AYCE sushi places where they make your sushi on the spot.
5	First time at Makino's was really worth it. Unlike other AYCE sushi places, this doesn't have a limit on how much you can get. Also, there were other choices like calamari (personal fav of the day) & tempura. OMG and their chocolate fountain and green tea ice cream.If you're a sucker for sushi at a decent price, this fo' sho' is the place to go.
4	It wouldn't be a successful visit to las Vegas without lunch or dinner at Makino.  The display of sushi is eye candy!  We love the desert bar with the chocolate fountain  to dip fruit or cake.
3	Yes, this all-you-can-eat buffet has a larger sushi section, but it's still buffet quality sushi.  Rubbery and cold with hardened up rice.Other than the sushi, it's typical asian buffet fare.  Chicken wings (greasy and overloaded with lemon), beef and broccoli (salty), egg rolls, lo mein, etc.If you are really craving sushi I suggest going to a regular AYCE sushi place.  Which is not to say there is anything wrong with buffets, but that the sushi here isn't anything special.
4	If you asked me to name 3 good things and 3 bad things, here's my experience:The goods, (1) Sushi was fantastic. The detailed presentation, precise cuts, use of colors and tight hand rolls adds sophistication. The sauces complement the sushi rolls and the garnishes adds "brightness" (a cheffy term) to the overall sushi. I've never seen so much variety and creativity in a presentation. (2) The fresh soups are prepared for you "live", just say what type of soup and they'll mix & match garnishes and veggies. The broth was nice and hot, full of flavor and quite savory. The garnishes adds freshness and crunch to the soup. (3) The variety of baked fish adds a nice warm component to the menu, all well-seasoned.The bads, (1) the sashimi was okay. Seemed a bit dry and lacking of taste (my cousin went as far as saying it tasted processed/manufactured). I do believe they're fresh but not as juicy as other sashimi places. (2) some of the meat dishes were dry and overly looked, especially the medallion with bacon wrapped. My dad's medallion was super dry, he said. (3) I wish they had more fruit variety in the desserts section. Some of the strawberries and grapes were over-ripped. Service was also great, wait staff very attentive and cleared our plates quick. My mom asked them 4 separate times to take pictures of our party (I felt embarrassed about that, but my mom insisted). Refilled water and hot tea/coffee non stop. Prices $$ are just right for this quality. By the way, it was raining and the roof was leaking! They put 5 buckets to catch the water. Overall it was a nice experience, delicious sushi and courteous staff. I would recommend this restaurant to my guests.
3	The sushi is decent buffet style sushi, but they had a bunch of weird flavors. There was a spicy guacamole tasting one, a bunch of rolls with BBQ sauce on them, a tuna salad one, and many others that were not appetizing to me. I like the classic rolls, and I was glad that they also had some of those. I really liked their dessert section. I liked the chocolate fondue and selection of fresh fruits. I also liked their coconut pudding cups and different types of small pastries.I didn't care for their hot food section. I ate some baked fish, which was just mediocre. I think they should include more cooked vegetables in this section.I wish that instead of udon, they could make ramen soup. I know ramen is more expensive, but we are paying almost $30 for dinner.
4	Went there for lunch and was very impressed. Large selection of sushi all of which seemec fresh. Rolls were unique and were constantly being made fresh. Tempura shrimp was also very good. Service was incredibly friendly and swift. I will be certain to return the next time I am in Las Vegas.
2	This place has gone downhill. The sushi was frozen and falling apart. The ahi seemed freezer burned. We'll be looking for a new sushi place after tonight.
1	After having passed by the sign of this "great" sushi restaurant at the outlet center, we go only to find out it was closed down. So we decided to drive to the location on Decatur. First off, it smelt soo bad outside of the place so I already didn't have a good feeling. We go inside and its not to bad. People were nice and sat us quickly. It was very busy for a Sunday night. We go up to get our food and I almost immediately think this was a bad idea. None of the sushi was cold. It was room temperature. Sushi, hand rolls, crab legs NOTHING WAS  COLD. I went to take a bite of the yellow tail and I'm not to sure what made me smell it but I did and NO THANK YOU. I was done at that point. My husband (having a tummy to steel) continued on. Almost immediately after leaving he starts saying "my stomach doesn't feel so good" "I think the sushi was bad". So needless to say myself, my husband and my child were sick the entire night. This place sucks. Worst sushi place I have ever tried.
4	For the people saying that this is the worst sushi restaurant, you do not know of horrible food and service until you've eaten at Todai in San Diego. I just had to get that off of my chest since that experience has made me appreciate ALL other sushi buffets. The best time to come here is when it opens or else you'll be waiting for a while. There is a wide variety of sushi rolls and hot foods here. I was surprised to see that they also served spicy ramen! But you have to ask for it. I'm always on the look out for the salmon nigiris since those are usually the first to go then the tuna ones. You gotta be aggressive and grab the tongs first cuz once the chef refills that salmon and tuna, everyone be going apeshit. I remember this man just standing in front of all the nigiris until the chef put out more salmon (he was there for about 5 mins not budging). My favorite section is the dessert. But I was disappointed that they didn't serve the coconut pudding cups the other day. I was looking forward to that. I did get a chance to try the green tea cake ugh so good. Anything green tea is just yesss. I barely touch the hot food unless there's shrimp or tempura or calamari. One does not simply go to a sushi buffet spending plenty of money to eat hot food! I wanna get my money's worth of raw fish :)I will always come back here. I'm not all crazy about quality. As long as it taste good and doesn't give me food poisoning then I don't have a problem. & remember you don't know terrible until you've tried Todai in San Diego. The Todai here is fucking bomb!
3	Makino at Las Vegas Outlet was very good but this one is not like it. small place and pack of people. the table is so near together, you have to watch out people in and out every time.
4	Ok, there are probably much better sushi buffets or AYCE joints around town but for the price you really can't beat Makino. Now that the Premium Outlets location closed, I decided to come to this one. It's been a while since I last visited this location and was probably way back when they first opened it. We walked in at around 12:30 PM and were immeidately seated. We noticed that the restaurant was super cramped and crowded compared to the old outlet location, mainly because the space is smaller and it looked like they crammed as many tables as they could into the small space. Our table was about 2 inches away from the table next to us and located right by the dessert area of the buffet, which meant there were constantly people squeezing by. Space aside, our meal was excellent and we left in a dazzed food coma.The buffet area includes a salad bar, sushi area with various sushi rolls, nigiri and hand rolls, a hot food area serving various appetizers (gyoza, wings, etc) and Japanese food including udon and ramen stations. Lastly there is a dessert area with various sweets, ice cream and a chocolate fountain. We were way too full at the end of our meal to really have dessert, but I can never pass up green tea ice cream and the one here is no exception. I ended up stuffing a scoop down before leaving.Overall for $17.95 + drinks ($16.95 on weekdays for lunch), you can't beat it anywhere in the valley. Just know that if you come earlier, it could be way more crowded and a line can form. By about 1 PM the crowds died down and we didn't feel as cramped moving around the buffet.
4	I'm not a huge fan of sushi, but this place has plenty of other options.  To be honest, I wasn't always sure what I was eating, but it was delicious.  There was a beautiful green salad that appeared to be noodles, but was actually seaweed.  There was also a good black seaweed salad.  The combination of jicama and mango was also unusual and delicious.  There were chicken, pork ribs, roast beef, tempura shrimp and vegetables, soups, and loads of deserts- basically, something for everyone.
4	Been here twice! Pigged out both times for like 2 hrs! This place is hella good. Check em out if you like Asian food!! Chinese, Japanese, and Vietnamese to name a few dishes were all excellent! They get packed quick, that's cuz their food selection is plentiful and very delicious!
2	The first time I came here I was really excited, but I can't say the food lived up to even my buffet expectations. Sushi variety isn't bad but after a few pieces...uhh let's just say I didn't want to eat more. The sashimi isn't cut very well, but sadly that was the least of my concerns.On a more positive note, the spicy ramen is quite good for a buffet. It definitely made me feel better when I was still battling a cold. Dessert selection would please any foodie with a penchant for Asian food. There's red bean and green tea ice cream as well as coffee jello.
5	Best bang for your buck here. All you can eat seafood, even oysters and crabs!
4	I first visited Makinos when some friends of mine took me there for lunch at the Outlet mall. Though this location is now closed, my husband and I made a visit to the one on Decatur. The atmosphere wasn't quite as nice as the one at the outlet mall but the food was still very good. Las Vegas buffets can get quite pricey, but this was very affordable. My husband and I love sushi and have eaten at many different places, and we really enjoyed eating at this particular restaurant. The only slight downside is it's family style dining, so you'll be sitting quite close to strangers, especially when it is busy. But they have many other food options besides sushi, which makes it a friendly place for everyone to eat, for those who do not like raw fish. If you're looking for a casual sushi restaurant with good prices and good food, this is the place for you.
5	Been coming to Makino since I was a teen. Definitely love the food! If you are a fan of Japanese food, come here! They offer many variety of sushi, salad, and more. The best part is always at the end when you try the desserts. The desserts looks very fancy and D E L I C I O U S! They have mini chocolate fountain, many variety of ice cream to choose from, fruits, and cakes. It is pricey but definitely worth it.
1	I just wrote a review of the Decatur location but it showed up on the Outlook location downtown which is now closed. Bottom line is that my family has been going there since 2000 and lately their quality and selection has gone down hill with the prices going up ($26.95 for weekend dinner). No Salmon in hot food but they had Tilapia which is the cheapest fish to buy. Sushi selection also disapointing. No Salmon Skin, broiled Eel and overall selection disapointing. The crab legs were very small and only had cold even though they had warm butter. After being a customer for 14 years, we won't be back. There are too many other choices in Lss Vegas.
5	This restaurant is CLOSED, as in forever closed. walked up to the door to find out it's closed and checked out the website that it was closed last year 2013.
2	We have been coming to this restaurant for 7 years and it seems the qualities and sekections are getting worse. I used to have seaweed salad every lunch time and good salad selections. But this time that the fishes were not fresh and no taste. No calamari no grilled steaks and no seaweed salad. It's a busy place for lunch and I think they are trying to save the money by cut down the cost. I will not go there again. It's very sad after you have been there for all these years and see the changes.
3	I don't know. Ridiculous wait time, you're practically sitting on top of the neighboring tables and a bit spendy for what it is. Plus, rude idiots elbowing everyone around them to get the last (or first) piece of who-the-hell-cares. And yet, they have a chocolate fountain. So I'll probably go again, especially if someone else is paying. Plus it's in the same strip mall as my favorite place EVA!!! (The Fat Greek, baby!) in case I can't wait any damn longer for a table at Makino.
5	Good foods. Good services.Many sushi selection, tastes fresh and good too.Love the fresh baby oyster and the crab, tastes fresh.Dessert is good too. One of my favorite buffet to go too.
4	I am really caught between a  3-4 stars for this place as I miss the downtown location and this place doesn't seem to have the selection or layout the other one did. However, what they lacked for in selection, they made up for in terms of service. Generally with buffet style establishments, you never see your server other then for a bill or the original drink order. The staff here though are on top of it all. Drinks were promptly refilled and plates cleared after every time we got up. While I usually stay away from sushi at these kinds of places, I do trust it during lunch time when it's really busy and they turn it over quite a bit and when they first open as its fresh. Many of the usual standby were still present but I did miss the tempura selection the other location used to offer. Overall though, still a solid place.
4	Quite decent all-you-can-eat sushi, asian food, and dessert bar! I won't say the quality is as top notch as if you paid $40+ at a Japanese restaurant. But for less than $30 here you get to eat EVERYTHING. And the fish is decent quality. They have nigiri (salmon, octopus, tuna, salmon roe, tamago, inari, etc), rolls (the crunchy roll with tempura is the best!), a decent assortment of fresh salads, tempura, yakisoba, and hey, even spicy ramen  (didn't try it but looked good).For the dessert bar, they have a chocolate fondue with fruits for dipping. The fruit itself isn't great, in fact they're on the sour side, but put them through the chocolate and it'll redeem its values. They have a small selection of bite-size cakes, ice cream, and what I consider their best dessert -- coconut pudding.Was taken over here for lunch by a friend whose family lives around the area. Overall I am extremely satisfied with this place. The lunch price (~$17 per person) is unbeatable and I just walk out with a big full belly and a happy face!
3	The fish quality at Makino is not very good. For their sashimi, the fish cuts were of low grade and the color Of the tuna was very pale. Their rolls are all very saucy and the fish in it tends to be soggy too.
4	A new item for the nigiri was beef tataki tasted good. The beef and pork ramen noodles were good also
4	Very decent price for the quality of food. Assortment of rolls and a decent array of sushi. If you're Asian you'll get your fix.
4	Spice ramen is very yummy ... Very rare for a buffet... Everything is good and tasty ... Good place to eat
4	Love comming here.., its part of our Memorial Day Tradition.Just SUPER BUMMED they closed the Premiun Outlet Mall location!!
5	I've been to my fair share of sushi restaurants all over the country.  I've also been to many of the sushi style restaurants in Vegas. A friend of mine who lives in the area took me to Makino for lunch. Now, it is buffet style, which usually turns me off. However, this is the best forum for trying a number of different selections. The fish is incredibly fresh and the rice is cooked perfectly.  They also had a number of other selections for non sushi eaters as well. I really wanted to try the scratch made spicy ramen soup, but I was too full! Best of all was the price. $16.95 .  This is the least expensive meal that I've had while in Vegas and probably my favorite.,
5	I've been here about 15 times.  A few times it missed, but otherwise it's fantastic.  Great food, decent prices, and good staffing.
2	I don't see why people like this place so much. It's a buffet place and when you are cranking out the food in a buffet, it's usually not the best and that was my experience when I was here for dinner. They had lots of different sushi options to pick from, but sadly none of them were labeled. The few sushi pieces I did have just didn't have the quality and freshness that I'm used to. The rest of the buffet food was subpar. Lots of rude tourist also doesn't help the overall experience. We were seated in this landing area and they had two tables blocking much of the step up/down, which made it very difficult to get in and out. Just overall a bad experience and given that it was $30, definitely not worth it in my opinion.
2	I was really excited about coming this restaurant, but was quickly let down before I even arrived at the place.  My reservation was at 6:45pm, the hostess called me at 6:30 saying they were giving up my table because I was not there!  I was right down the street and had to yell saying that I'd be there in less than 5 minutes.  She was not friendly when I arrived.The restaurant was extremely crowded!  I had the first table, right next to the buffet line.  It was so crowded people were crowding my table and leaning on the back of my chair!  They were constantly watching me eat.  The service did not provide enough plates and cutlery for everyone in the place to eat.  I had to wait 10 minutes for a plate every time I stood up.Other than the atmosphere, the food was alright.  Not much variety, but I was satisfied by what they had.  The ramen was the best part of the buffet.  On a more positive note, I absolutely loved the dessert bar!  It would please anyone with a sweet tooth.
5	I love this place. In terms of quality from what you would get from an all-you-can-eat location, it's pretty top notch. The fish cuts are always nice and thick, the fish-to-rice ratio is great (though sometimes certain kinds like scallop nigiri are heavy on the rise), and the fish itself is always fresh. If you're a salmon lover, you'll love it here, as they have nice, fatty salmon cuts that most places often don't (at least consistently). The rolls are tasty and varied, with your common ones like California and Philadelphia, and many other more unique ones. Their appetizers are always of great quality, and have a wide selection.Two things that really make it for me here compared to other places:Being a buffet, you can get more whenever you want. Many sushi places in town have very poor service, and will often either take a long time to get your orders to you, or completely forget some of items you. Definitely never a problem here. On top of that, the servers here are attentive with your drink orders so your cup will never go dry unless requested.The other is that they have all-you-can-eat oysters, crab legs, and sashimi on their dinner menu. I'm not familiar with any other sushi place in town that offers this. Being able to stuff yourself with these for $30 is a pretty incredible value.The only bad things about it are it gets VERY crowded during peak lunch and dinner hours, and that they close a little a little too early (9pm) compared to other restaurants. If there's a long wait for dinner (sometimes it's a half hour wait or more), depending on when you get there, you won't have much time to eat at your own pace.Those things excluded, I definitely recommend it and consider it one of my favorite places.
5	AMAZING SUSHI BUFFET! If you are ever in the Vegas area...skip the Strip sushi all you can eat buffets. This is place is where you should definitely check out. The sushi rolls are not your typical fair of sushi rolls. Everything I had was delicious!
4	When this place opened, many years ago, this was the place where we spent many family celebrations (my side). And we hadn't been there since, until a few sundays ago, to celebrate my sister's birthday (cinco de mayo- we work so we couldn't go out on monday).I made a reservation for our large party- 14 of us (my mom, my siblings & their children, only one missing was my brother-in-law). Good thing, too, because when we went to the door, before it even opened (11:30 am), there were about 30 people standing to get inside. Busy lunch time crowd. The staff managed well. We were seated in the back part. We had a high chair, but our little one was sleeping. (We woke him after he had a nap so he could enjoy some fried rice and teriyaki chicken.)Food was fresh (all the cooks were busy), there was a sushi station, salad section, hot foods section, (personalized section- you select the veggies) & a dessert section (ice cream is handled by the attendant). I liked the many different selections but I was trying to keep myself comfortable, so I was being picky, but I was satisfied. I wanted some Kale Salad, and then upon closer inspection, noticed that I got a lot of the thick stems (next time, I'm gonna be that annoying person that picks at it, avoiding the stems. For the most part, I ate what I selected, and I enjoyed my food. I also saved room for dessert. I got the green tea ice cream but it was a little off (then again, it almost always is, at these places, unless you go to a specialty ice cream place). My husband just thought it was OK, but thought it was a little high-priced, and actually likes Todai better (no doubt, the crab legs are quite tasty there). I remember my sister saying that our mom saying likes Krazy Buffet better (it's not quite the same buffet, but ok). Even so, she always has her plate piled way high. Service was very good- it's a team, here. Greetings once inside and upon exiting as well. Everything was clean and in order. Clean plates were replenished for the busy lunch time crowd. Dirty plates were promptly picked up, too. There is a "wasted food"  charge, too; well, signs are posted, anyway. FYI, gift cards are sold here.  I would go here again. Next time, I will focus one plate entirely on the sushi station.
4	This place was good. There were a lot of selections to choice from. Sushi seem very fresh. It gets very crowed during lunch time. Lots of place to sit and a clean  environment.  The price is fairly reasonable. I would come back again.
3	Whenever I eat seafood/sushi somewhere that's not really close to the ocean, I'm pretty skeptical. Needless to say, I was even more apprehensive since we were in the middle of the desert.I've been here a couple of times now, and the interior is always clean but it never gets too busy. Good place for a large group.Buffet sushi is also usually not the freshest, and there was no exception here. The sashimi cuts in particular were kind of gross-looking. The crab legs and oysters also weren't that fresh.On the plus side, there were many types of nigiri, and even more types of rolls (though most of them were modifications of the basic variations). There's also a whole side with plenty of hot foods, salads, and soups. The dessert section is particularly impressive, with a chocolate fountain!It's basically a better version of Todai but also more expensive - I don't really think it's worth the price, especially considering there are so many buffet options in Vegas. When it comes to seafood, especially, it's got to be very fresh, otherwise it's just bad - there's not really an in between.Good variety of food, but not the freshest. Unless you're super hungry, probably better to just go to a regular sushi place.
2	Came here for lunch.  They had a sign saying they raised the prices as of June 1, 2014.  Lunch was $17.95, no drink included.  I've been to several sushi buffets and this one was definitely below par for the price charged.  They kept running out of sushi and hot food and it would take them awhile to fill up the containers.  The sushi was nothing to rave about.  All of the rolls just kind of blended together in taste; nothing note worthy.  No sashimi (without rice).  For that price, I expected more.  The hot food was rather greasy and just the run of the mill Asian buffet.
4	This is my to-go place for ayce sushi when I go to vegas. I love this place because the sushi chefs are constantly making new rolls. It seems like every time I go for seconds, there are new rolls that they make that I haven't tried yet. In that way it doesn't get boring. Great sushi but everything else is just ok. I tried the shrimp and veggie tempura, and fried dumplings. They were all just ok. I loved the green tea ice cream! Just $20 a person on a weekday afternoon.
3	Normally, I really don't like Asian buffets like this at all. So, I have a really hard time deciding..do I like it? Granted, I still -don't- like Asian buffets overall. But, I would have to say that Makino is probably the prized gem of all Oriental Buffets in Las Vegas--at the same time, the experience and food that I encountered was average.Ambiance: 3 - For an oriental buffet, most of which are small..Makino presents a pretty large and spacious serving area and seating space. Though, the seats can get a bit overcrowded and it can be hard walking through aisles when the place is full! Inside, it's pretty casual--I mean, it is a buffet after all! Service: 4 - The service received was quick and responsive. Our server was attentive and patient with my (rather rowdy) family hah! She was always there to take away our plates and bring us more water. Our table was always pretty clean! She deserves a gold star!! Food: 3 - The only food thats worth eating at Makino is clearly the seafood. Though, it might not be the best, if you're there it's still pretty good! For the sushi, obviously, there are way better, fresher places for the fish. I personally do not recommend it, but a few rolls are worth a try if you happen to find yourself at Makino! What I do recommend eating is crab legs and oysters (raw). Naturally, this is what everyone is here for!! And they don't disappoint--especially with their (what I consider) "king-sized" cups of butter for crab dipping! I was just there for crab legs and oysters. Hell, I was good for the night because that's all I needed! //Note: the crab legs were served warm when I was there! Another thing that was pretty nice was their desserts! I'm in love with desserts and found it cute and party-like that they had a chocolate fountain and fresh strawberries, along with their selections of cake and ice cream. Yeah, I found the diversity of dessert nice, but it still tasted average :/ maybe next time it'll be better! If all you like at oriental buffets are crabs and oysters, your life will be complete! Fill your butter cup and chow down!
4	Recommend to go before 630 pm to void the long wait, this location is better than irvine branch. More sushi selection and I love their clam soup. Oyster is a little bit under quantity control so I wasn't able to eat as much like hikari :( but quality is not bad.
3	Do not come here on a Saturday afternoon unless you are prepared to wait for a long time. Otherwise the food is pretty decent.
4	My family and I used to frequent the Makino in the Premium Outlet Mall on Charleston a looong time ago. We stopped going mainly because it was just too expensive. Recently, my dad decided to give this place a try and we fell in love with it all over again.Don't come in here with great expectations because I guarantee you that it will lead to just disappointment. Come to Makino without any expectations at all just like I did, haha!The overall restaurant is kind of cramped. It's smaller compared to the one that they had at Premium. So that was a big thumbs down for me.Service: They're okay. Some of the servers have a resting b!tch face. They just come to refill your drinks and take your food away. I'm probably really picky, but I like having servers who'll actually say "excuse me" while taking your food or I don't know.. People who'll actually smile?  Food: There's a lot to choose from here. They have a lot of different kind of rolls and nigiri. If you come for dinner, they serve oysters, crab legs, amaebi (sweet shrimp) nigiri, and sashimi! They also have shrimp tempura, udon, seaweed salad, etc. I personally love the food selections here because they don't have a limit to amaebi nigiri. You can have as much as you want. And you can't find unlimited sashimi at an AYCE sushi restaurant. Price: Their dinner price here is comparable to AYCE sushi places in town (around $27). Personally, I find it worth every penny. You don't have to wait for the server to take your order, and you don't have to wait for your sushi rolls to come to your table. You can just get up and take ONE piece of roll that looks appetizing before getting more pieces. No more ordering half rolls or full rolls. And btw, they don't charge extra for leftovers ;)
1	Such a waste of money! I was very disappointed when I came here for my friend's birthday dinner. It is $27.00 per person for food that is not that good. I usually enjoy Asian buffets, but I was not thrilled with this one. I will not be back.
5	$19.95 for all you can eat sushi and crab legs! This Makino is strictly buffet, not like how Makino Chaya was where you could order and they charged you for leftovers. I really liked the food. It's smaller but just right in my opinion. I also liked the all you can drink cold green ice tea. I thoroughly enjoyed the variety of sushi and sushi rolls they had. I love that orange pickled burdock root they use in a lot of their rolls.  They also has ramen and udon. They even had roast beef and BBQ ribs, which I thought were unnecessary and kind of out of place. Desserts were a good size and nice variety. Overall, I would definitely go again. I wish they had it here on Oahu : (
4	I've eaten at the Flamingo / Decatur hundreds of times since it opened many years ago.The quality of the sushi is not the same quality as say Osaka or Hamada, but you will pay much more at a high end sushi joint therefore I consider that comparing apples to oranges.Makino is an excellent value for a sushi buffet. The food is always good, the service is very good as well.For what it is, it can't be beat.
4	Came here for lunch was craving some AYCE sushi.  2 people for lunch came out $45.Sushi was good. Tuna was reloaded by workers constantly.The grilled food was ok. Nothing real special. There was also ramen and udon.
4	We were regulars at the Makino Charleston Outlets but just found out they had closed since last December so we drove to the Decatur location. The sushi was fresh but also love the oysters, grilled Salmon colar, baked prawns, steamed Crab legs, Teriyaki Beef, tonkatsu ramen, Shrimp Tempura and many more. Service was fast the staff kept our drinks filled and used plates removed regularly.
5	Had a great time here. Went with a large group and when we saw the swift service and the plates of sushi kept coming, I had to leave a review. The atmosphere here is great. being surrounded by food from 3 of the 4 walls is really beautiful. The chefs were smiling the whole time and my friends and I kept the laughs going. There was a slight mix up when we were being seated but it was resolved quickly and the delicious sushi made up for that. Also the location is great, close to the strip. This place is worth a try!
5	Wow, I LOVE this place!  I'd heard lots of good things about this place and been meaning to try it out but never got around to it.  But I just got back from lunch with the family, and the selection here is amazing!  And good quality too!  not too much rice, lots of fresh fish, and great dessert selection.  Kids loved the chocolate fondue!  I only wish I had left some room to try more of the dessert, but after all the other stuff, I was completely tapped out.  Friendly staff and great value.  Will totally come again whenever I'm in town.  You know, come to think of it, most Vegas buffet is totally outrageously priced now.  You can EASILY spend $40-$50 per person at other places.  Compared to that, Makino is still only about half the price, and way better quality when it comes to the Japanese/sushi/seafood category.  Especially with kids in tow, that could add up to pretty good savings.
5	I'm not sure how this place makes money.... Very high quality food, all you can eat, at reasonable prices.  If they only had this restaurant in Seattle!
4	Outstanding sushi, nigiri, hand rolls, sashimi, oyster, crab legs! I have never been to an asain buffet with this many diverse sushi rolls and nigiri choices. The desserts aren't very good. The cheesecake wasn't rich enough, the green tea cake was great but the bean filing was too chunky. Asain places never seem to get dessert right so I wasn't surprised.
4	I walked in and saw all the sushi and I knew dinner was going to be good. I am no expert on sushi but everything I tried was good. I could probably pick food with my eyes closed and still be happy. All the other food (desserts, crab, clams, muscles...) were good too. The place was busy but the staff was quick and attentive. The price for dinner is a little too expensive for me but I will definitely be back for lunch. To Andrew J who made the comment about the chefs I did notice that the sushi chefs were Hispanic and speaking Spanish but It wasn't loud or distracting. I feel it isn't fair to the restaurant that you gave them a lower rating for that reason. While I was there one customer asked one of the chefs for a specific roll and he was nothing but friendly and quick to complete her request. I think its a little racist to demand Asian sushi chefs to consider the food good. I also doubt you would have noticed or cared if the chefs were Vietnamese or from some asian country other than Japan. Cooking good food depends on skill and quality of ingredients not ethnicity. Anyone can cook any style of food regardless of ethnic background.
3	Not sure how I feel about this place anymore. This used to be my and the hubbys favorite buffet, but we used to go to the one located at the outlet. At any rate, we loved coming here...until now. The food used to be AMAZING, but something changed and now the food is mediocre. The service is good, even on super busy weekend nights. The waitresses try their hardest and don't give attitude, which is a major plus because I don't do too well with attitude lugging people. 3 stars simply because the food hasn't been the best the last 2 times we came, but will definitely stay in rotation on our list of buffets to dine at.
5	My parents love this place. It's a Japanese buffet restaurant but it's not the usual "Everyman for himself" type of experience that one is accustomed to in all you can eat places (especially with seafood).  We love it here because the service is great and the people who come are "cool" and considerate. Almost endless variety of sushi and salads with many delicious entrees.  If you are allergic to lobster and crab like me, don't worry because you will still have many mouth-watering choices. Now, the dessert, besides the chocolate fountain (which the kids love), there are many, melt in your mouth delectable sweets that will be the perfect end to a perfect meal (unless you're my mom who ends her meal with udon)
1	OH MY GOD.....What a big disappointment. ...I've been here 5 times, previously, it was pretty good for the inexpensive sushi buffet. Clean, well prepared sushi.. actually, I enjoyed a lot before. So, We came back here again, I immideletly noticed quality of food wend down SO MUCH.Now, it's same level as "Todai". Mexican style sushi place. Not a real sushi place.So bad.... if u like "Todai " then you will enjoy this place...But this will be my last time eating hee. Yucky.......
2	Went there today for the first time for a group event during lunch. The place was crowded with seating close together, so at times it was difficult to walk between tables, which you have to do to access the buffet. Service was good (drinks were refilled often, dirty dishes cleared frequently, etc...). The food was nothing to write home about.  The hot food was not hot enough, the tempura was soggy, and the sushi rolls did not taste fresh. The pieces of sushi seemed fresh because that seemed to be what was being consumed and therefore turned over quickly. When I got the bill, I noticed the drink was an extra charge, which surprised me because buffets in town include a beverage in the price of the meal. I did not try the desserts, but the green tea ice cream looked good.
2	I don't have much to say about this place, except i expected a lot more.When I got there with my husband and child, it was pretty packed, we waited about ten minutes for a table that was lliterally 2 inchs away from the next table...That right there is the first demerit. It felt really uncomfortable to sit that close to someone that I didn't really know.Next goes to the selection of food, I expected from them to have a sushi selection. They had rolls on one side, nigiri on another. also some other cold plate area. They had oysters as well. Their hot food didn't have a big selection either. But i am giving them and extra star for their ramen, which i didn't expect so that was cool.Their desserts were so-so. Honestly i don't remember what i had, besides the ice cream, which when i asked for my scoop, and the lady was pretty rude. Ummm If you hate your job, don't let it show. So there goes another demerit.And the prices for the quality that they put out is a bit overpriced.
4	I evaluate all the Restaurants based on the cleanliness and atmosphere, Service of Staff, Quality, quantity, taste and presentation of food that proportionate to the price.Atmosphere -  4 star, nice decor and spacious, little too crowded maybe due to the food is good.Service of Staff -  5 star, friendly staff and waitress.Quality and Quantity of food portion for the price - 5 star,  special dessert and good variety of food.$18.95/person for lunch.
4	Been here many times before. The food is still good. I love the fresh sashimi and sushi every time...love the yummy desserts too! The restaurant is clean, airy and still look the same as before; just simple and casual. I would still come back here and even bring our visiting friends and families from out of State ;))
4	This is the best, most fresh sushi buffet I've encountered. It's off the Vegas strip but not that far. I've been here twice and still crave it everytime I visit Sin City! The buffet is great and if you're still looking for more, like specific hand rolls, just ask the sushi chefs and they'll make it for you. They're extemely generous with it too - my salmon hand roll was filled with salmon and spilling salmon. I was overwhelmed.
3	Maybe I'm just spoiled by all the AYCE sushi places now? This used to be THE place to go, and now I remember why I go there MAYBE once a year, lol.I decided to go here for lunch on Saturday ($18.95). I was a little more in the mood for some regular Japanese food than sushi, but once we sat down to eat we realized we should've just gone to Umiya instead. Nothing really stands out anymore which makes me sad :[ On the hot side I had the fried noodles, beef sukiyaki, calamari, gyoza, green mussels and shrimp/vegetable tempura. All were ALRIGHT. A couple years back the sukiyaki would melt in your mouth, but now it was just okay. If I were to say something stood out, it would definitely be the calamari. If it was there the first round I went, I would've gotten half a plate's worth! What can I say? I love squid.They have a decent variety for lunch, including ramen, an udon station and of course the whole sushi side. One half of it is rolls and the other is nigiri. The cuts of fish were nice and large on the nigiri, but the amount of rice matched it. So much that you couldn't really taste the fish... at all. Why would you eat sushi that you couldn't really taste?Speaking of barely tasting something, I would save my money and just order water instead of iced green tea. At first I was convincing myself that the flavor wasn't that strong because of the food I was eating, but when my boyfriend tried it he pretty much said I paid $1.75 for green water, lol.I know it's a buffet, but it's the same price as the AYCE sushi bars for lunch, so really, if you're craving sushi opt for Sakana (for nigiri), Goyemon (for rolls) or Umiya (for a ton of appetizers). There's nothing wrong with the service here. I would say they could space the tables out a little more so it felt less like "community seating". Luckily when we got there it was towards the late end of the lunch service so it was starting to empty out, but I've had experiences in the past where I was practically bumping elbows with strangers while eating. Honestly, I think I'm done with Makino for now, at least until I decide to give it my annual pilgrimage for old time's sake, haha.
4	My friend recommended this . Hot food is pretty good, K food is tasty, Sushi is fresh, use your own judgment when it comes to sushi rolls. I would definitely come back
4	Great price for the quality.  I was surprised to see this place only averages about 3.5 stars.  The majority of "bad reviews" complain about non trivial aspects of the restaurant that don't apply to the average person. Food quality is always consistent, good variety, and fresh. The ratio of fish/rice is better than most full cost restaurants I've been to (they don't overpack the rice or do the old "double rice roll" to save on cost. Refills and plate clearing are quick.  Can't ask for much more when it comes to a sushi buffet. Hot food, salad, rolls, nigiri, and dessert. I snapped three quick pics of the food for general reference. I always visit this place when I'm in Vegas.
4	I think this place is getting shorted on the reviews.  This is probably my fifth time here, albeit spaced out over a decade.  This food has always been high quality.  And the price is definitely right.  And consistent, as I would have given this place 4 stars on every visit.1.  Nigiri section isn't the largest, but there's about 8 selections.2.  Plenty of rolls for those that want it.3.  Hot food is good too.4.  They have a ramen bar.5.  The place is packed, and you do sit close together.  But I ask anyone, you come to an AYCE buffet for the atmosphere?6.  It's all about the food, stupid.7.  Yes, there's a lot of Mexicans making your food.  I will admit that this bothers me a little as it takes away from "authenticity", but Makino's has been around quite a long time now, and it's a successful business.  (Let's face it, if Japanese were preparing your food the buffet would be twice as expensive).  Reminds me of the dolts that preach Buy American! but spends their money at Wal-Mart because it costs less (can't have your cake and eat it too, folks).8.  Therefore, for the value that you get here - 4 star food at a great price, Makino's is a top choice.
3	Fresh sushi, all you can eat, and the turnover is so quick that the sushi doesn't  sit around and get stale. Lots of choices and varieties, but I would stay away from the hot food as it wasn't as fresh. Little pricey at $20    per person but the food is good for the price.
5	Incredible sushi selection. So fresh as their turnover is sooo quick EVERYTHING is insanely fresh, crispy, firm, etc. I need a couple of extra stomachs.
5	Sushi, tempura, and deserts like green tea ice cream and strawberry cake, they are what I usually eat when visiting Makino. They are all good in quality.The waitresses are helpful, and they refill your drinks very frequently.I've been a patron at this place for years.I don't know of a better Japanese buffet than Makino.
5	Best Japanese buffet in Vegas. There are a lot of choices too. A great place for family dinners and barkada get togethers.
5	I like this buffet place than the buffet places on the strip.  Love all the sushi, shrimp tempura, gyoza...   Yum!
4	I always come here when in Vegas.  You can't beat the price and selection for a seafood heavy buffet in this town.  I love the shrimp tempura and assortment of makis.  This place can get very crowded, which is a good sign that everything will be fresh.  Thankfully Makino is located next to a Food 4 Less if you have to get some Tums due to over consumption.
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #288 - #365We were staying at Encore and they decided to eat at Makino  AYCE dinner because it was cheaper than eating on the strip, especially at Encore. Located about 10 minutes from the strip in a mediocre area of Vegas. I don't know the price per head because I didn't pay, Woot! This isn't just any kind of buffet but a Japanese Buffet. It was just average and the sashimi didn't taste fresh at all and I'm glad I didn't try to beef because several people in our party got food poisoning! they did have a great selection of sushi rolls and most of them had a lil too much rice and less fish. I would come back to give it another try.
1	I feel like this place just gets worse and worse everytime I come here, which is not often. The idea of fish sitting out scares me. And I have every right to be after what I attempted to try tonight. Drinking soy sauce and wasabi could not wash the taste out from my mouth after spitting out the food. This is specifically towards the sushi rolls and their sashimi that have obviously been frozen and thawed out way too many times. Their food scares me and I don't think I'm ever coming back here again. On another note, why the hell does the creme brulee not have a light crispy top? Why is the entire dessert section either soggy and still partially frozen?
3	The food was okay. They had sashimi only for a short time and refused to bring anymore out. It ended up being $65 for two at dinner. I would try something else before coming here again.
4	First ones in the door! We saw a whole lot of food and I'm going to try to remember what they had....Starting on the left were the desserts: cheesecake slices, pies, puddin, jello, 5 different kinds of ice creams such as red bean, green tea, cookies and cream and two others I'm spacing. Next were the soups; a miso soup machine with toppings, the ramen bar, two additional soups on the day (pork soy something and beef when I went), next were ceviches and salads, then came the sushi. No sashimi but that didn't stop me from just grabbing sushi and removing the rice (tacky yes, but tasty) there was octopus, salmon, tuna, masago and 6 different types of rolls. Altogether we would go back.
4	I've been to both Makino locations (Irvine and this one) - and to me, this location is the better of the two.  They have a lot of choices for not only the sushi, but the other non-seafood dishes, and everything seems fresh and tasty.   Layout is a mixed bag- it's nicer overall, but feels a bit older.  Still a plus, there are some nice cozy seats in here.  Lots of dessert choices, fresh marinated beef, very efficient service.Crowded on the weekends with people looking for a change from the strip buffets.  Parking lot is on the downhill side of Food 4 Less, and their shopping carts will end up at the bottom.  Be watchful of where you park, and have a buffer...
3	This place is solid when it comes to buffets. if youre looking for japanese cuisine and some good sushi (not the best) then you should come here. they dont offer alot of seafood besides crab legs and mussels and sushi but its definitely not worth the price.. for maybe $17 i would come here more often but if the price point stays in the $25 area youre better off going to eat AYCE sushi
2	18.95$ for lunch, the setting is tight, food is not as good as the one in the outlet(which was closed forever). Parking space is not easy to find.but overall value is still better than any other buffet in LV.
3	Crowded. Unorganized set up in general including entry process(we had to wait outside for an hour). Food distribution utensils unsanitary. Servers made us get our own silverware. Bathrooms could use some cleaning. Food selection limited. Overall experience was sub-par
4	I want it to give it a 5 star cause the food is great the only problem was the restrooms. Dirty and broken.
5	I really liked their service and food. The waitress was really nice and cute. The food  was really good. There was lots of people but they still managed to provide great service. It was a really good lunch and I plan on coming back later in the future.
4	Came here with friends who highly suggested this place and it was better than any other AYCE Japanese buffet in LV or LA.  Highly recommend this place for anybody visiting Vegas.  Open at 11:30AM but be there at 11 to avoid long lines.
3	Well we were here for Christmas day Lunch a lot of people we were there on 11:40 am still wait for 1 hour I guess on Holiday it is fairThe Food were ok only by the price they charge you can't really ask much each time we are in Vegas we sure will visit this placebut we will look for other place next time
5	Great food, fresh and great service!!!
5	very good buffet. we live in utah and come here everytime!
5	It opens at 11:30pm for lunch.  There is usually a line that forms about 11:15am but it moves quickly once they open for lunch.  It's $20.95 for the all you can eat sushi and seafood buffet, and there is no menu here.  You must eat the buffet.  I have been to Todai buffets in south Korea, Hawaii, Oregon, Seattle and Virginia, and I would rank Makino one level above Todai.  The selection is more extensive and the quality of the seafood is slightly better.  This Makino is similar in quality and experience to the Makino in Pearl City, Hawaii.  Be sure to come hungry.
5	We usually go to the one by the outlets after a day of shopping, but found out that they've closed that one down! Thankfully Yelp pointed us to this location.The wait for lunch was not too bad (~20 minute wait) given the amount of people there. Unfortunately there is no waiting room inside of the location, so we were standing out in the cold for a bit. They provide a small heater near the door, but it wasn't enough to keep the crowd of people warm. We didn't mind though- we were more hungry than cold. There's a nice variety of food to choose from with a bunch of different sushi to try! I'm not very fond of different types of sushi, so some labels would've been nice for sushi noobs like myself. But every one that I tried was delicious, so I didn't mind. I usually don't get noodles or fried rice at buffets, but they have a different, distinct taste when compared to your average Asian restaurant, and is definitely worth trying! The udon is quite tasty as well. The tempura goes quick, so definitely get it while it's fresh! The dessert selection is great and you can even get some ice cream on a cone to go!Overall, it's a great place to eat and it's well worth the wait. I'll definitely be back whenever I'm in town!
2	Buffet style with a lot of sushi and more...poor quality food...seating tight...bathrooms smelly and Asian comfortable...if you got friends that aren't really your friends...great place! No lobby, wait outside and very cold this time of year...parking is terrible...place is no big deal, third time here in 25 years...
4	Quick tips:1. Located in a very busy strip mall on Decatur and Flamingo! You might have to park a bit far from this one.2. You can request hand rolls made to order from the sushi chefs!3. You can request your ramen spicy!As promised, this is part of my post-Vegas binge series of reviews. It's a shame that I haven't ever reviewed this place considering that it has been an old favorite of my family for quite a few years now. Since the first time that I was wowed by this place, not a lot has really changed except for my own personal tastes.The service here is fast, friendly, and efficient. Normally, my family comes very early so there is little to no wait time between getting in and being seated. However, I have noticed that if you are more towards the prime time of dining, you should expect to wait quite awhile to get in.As for the rest of the staff, I haven't really had many problems either with the waiters and waitresses or the sushi chefs and other cooks. Most requests are met with certainty and the waitress comes often enough that the tables are pretty clean and never really full of dishes.The food is divided into hot food and sushi. We were just in for dinner last month, so this is a review for the dinner sushi. For dinner, they offer nigiri as well as cuts of sashimi. We noticed that there is quite a bit of rice stuffed under the fish, but at least the raw cuts were nice and fresh. By far a favorite of mine is the salmon skin nigiri and accompanying rolls. As you make your way around the sushi area, you'll notice that they have many various types of rolls. I tried most of them except for the deep fried ones because they seemed to be a heart attack waiting to happen. Anyways, the rolls are what are considered common: rice, vegetables, and questionable types of fish covered in some thick sauce. Overall the rolls were fine, though filled a bit with too much rice.One of the things I always enjoy are their handrolls. They premake the handrolls and leave them out for you to grab on your own; however, if you have a special request for a different type of fish, you can always ask them to make you a custom hand roll.For the hot food, there are the various normal types of things you would see at a Japanese buffet such as chicken teriyaki, fried rice, calamari, salt-pepper shrimp and the like. They also put out shrimp tempura, veggie tempura, and a delightful ramen station that is made to order. I suggest trying the spicy tonkatsu ramen! They also serve udon around the corner as well as Korean-style galbi short ribs.For dessert, there is a pretty big selection of cakes, ice cream, frozen yogurt, as well as a chocolate fountain. When we went, however, the chocolate fountain looked like it wasn't as smooth as other places. In fact, after making a chocolate fountain at home, I've sworn off of using them. This is because of the massive amount of oil that goes into making the chocolate run smoothly. I wasn't really impressed with their desserts because the cakes, pastries, and cookies were all run of the mill offerings that you would expect at any Chinese/Japanese buffet.Overall, this is still one of our favorite spots to stop at because the food is affordable and not insanely priced like most of the rest of the strip. I hope you have a chance to check out Makinos soon!
5	Just came to this fantastic all-you-can-eat sushi bar for the second time.The assortment  of sushi chichi me and other appetizers is outstanding. Everything was fresh well presented.  It's fun being Las Vegas and not having to be in the rush of the Boulevard.
