4	I have been going to this place since the early 1990's. The food here is excellent. Please try to come here with a big party so that you can order several different entrees. The service is alright, typical for a Chinese restaurant. When my family gets together at this restaurant we always order several or more different entrees. Such as; Hongkong Style Pan fried noodles beef (crispy noodles with sauce), salted pork chop, salty fish fried rice, crispy fried chicken, crispy calamari, deep fried tofu with shrimp, crispy salty shrimp with shell, crispy pork belly, roast or Peking duck, spare ribs in black bean sauce, snow peas, honey walnut shrimp. Try the beef steak with black pepper sauce, the sauce is awesome. They have more in their menu that we usually try, like vegetable and beef dishes. sometimes they have great specials for fresh lobster, crab and fish dishes. They also have a very good lunch special menu. However, having several different menu items is the best way to experience the cuisine here.
3	We've seen this place every time we've come to LV but usually, on our way back to the hotel AFTER we've had our meal. I really wanted to try it because I've seen the Chinese writing as we've whizzed by and it says they have things like jook, wonton noodle soup and much more.We ordered wonton soup, bitter melon with beef, pei pah tofu (House special tofu) and some gai lan with oyster sauce.Won ton soup -- this was the most disappointing ever. The wrapper was mushy and soggy, most probably overcooked! the filling wasn't tasty either with bits of gristle which I had to spit out. Don't order this!Bitter melon with beef -- really flavorful! the beef was tender with generous portions of bitter melonPei Pah tofu -- a lot of places don't do this dish because it's a lot of work. this dish consists of mashed tofu with bits of shrimp and sometimes with scallions although this one didn't. I didn't think the tofu was as flavorful as it could've been, but still very nice, served atop a bed of garlic spinach.Gai lan with oyster sauce -- all prime gai lan bits, very tender and perfectly cooked!I liked everything except for the won tons. I would come back again for the regular dishes, not the won tons. The only complaint is that the food is on the greasy side. Otherwise, not bad at all.I'd say 3.5 stars
3	I've been come to this place a lot of times.I would say they have the best quality of entrees SOME times.My guess is if you come in around 8pm to 1 am.The head chef is there.Other times, the food do taste old and low quality.
3	Came here for a dinner with some family and friends...one of our friends lives in Vegas and frequents this restaurant so I think we got a little special treatment...so service-wise it was great.Food wise it's not quite up to par with some of the LA Chinese restaurants but for the price, quantity and quality of food it was pretty darn good. We got sauteed pea sprouts, a mixed cold dish of soy sauce chicken and duck, soup (it was this egg white sea cucumbery thing), abalone, beef chow fun, pei pah tofu, and this fried fish dish. Dishes were BIG and for the 6 of us we left very stuffed and with a lot of leftovers! All the food was tasty (a smidge salty so if you're watching your sodium intake you might want to mention to use less salt) and it ended with a delicious red bean pastry! Yum in my tums!
3	One thing good about this place is that they are open till 5am on fri, sat and sun and the rest of the days till 3am which is pretty late. My wife and I like to order the chicken chowmein, mayo shrimp, ma po tofu and the deep fried marinated chicken. If you looking for a Chinese restaurant late at night, this is the place.
2	A friend of mine had been here before and liked it so the office trouped over for lunch one day. The exterior was less than impressive but that can be deceiving, so I had an open mind. I liked that it had a lazy susan, like my favorite Chinese places back in Philly. That's about all I liked. It seemed as though they did not want to give us menus, we waited, asked, then waited more. Finally we were given 4 for our party of 7. The combo meal for $10/pp was the most popular choice and included multiple fried appetizers, soup, and an entree. The food was decent, standouts were the hot and sour soup and the scallops in ginger sauce. The pork was not good at all. Portion sizes were large and we had lots of leftovers.
3	Believe it or not this little restaurant was very good at one point- this was years ago. I really liked the crispy fried oysters. My family and I used to come here, too (family dinners at good prices). Years later, it's become a so-so/ok place (but there are better places out there, so why come here? kind of a place). There is a cheap lunch special (lots of choices) that keeps bringing customers; also there might be regulars who live in the area helping this place stay afloat. The bathroom is passable but it could be cleaner. The last time we came here to eat, there was a couple strange patrons so we haven't come back. It's just better to spend our money at a place that we really like, ya know? Life is short, so make the most of it.
4	Love this place, try the salt & pepper pork..........
4	One of my coworkers says this is her "go to" Chinese restaurant. I definitely wanted to try it because she said the food is good and cheap. I decided to come here with my mom and aunt after a long day of shopping to give it a try. We ordered the $9.99 (per person) dinner deal. It comes with egg rolls, won tons, soup, pork fried rice and every one in the group picks an entree. I picked chicken chow mien, my mom picked shrimp with vegetables and my aunt chose egg foo Young. We also ordered a side of fried pork chops. I started off with the Won ton Soup . I like my soup just how I like my ice cream and Guacamole ...chunky! I liked the bits and pieces of Won ton and pork in the broth. I'm used to a much wimpier Won ton soup so this was refreshing! I also snacked on the huge fried Won tons and egg rolls while we waited for our meal. The fried won tons are a nice size and the egg rolls are okay. This was more like a feast all the plates could hardly fit on the table! The pork fried rice was yummy it is made with that sweet pork that I love so much! The chow mien was good but the noodles were a little too thick for my taste. This may sound nutty but I like the size of Panda Expresses noodles in their Chow Mien. This Egg Foo Yong was okay. This is the first time I've had it so I didn't know what to expect. It's a dish made with eggs and vegetables. It was okay. I didn't try the vegetables with shrimp because I was getting full. The Fried Pork Chops were really good. I've never had them before so I was expecting tough crunchy meat . It was crunchy on the outside and nice and tender on the inside. It was a nice surprise! You get a lot for your money here! We brought home enough food to last a couple of days!
3	I came to Diamond China with some friends on a late night after watching a movie (see below yelp review too for my movie theatre review :) It's one of the Chinese restaurants that is open late in Vegas outside of the Strip. They are open till 2:00am Friday-Saturday and Sunday-Thursday 11:00-12:00am.We ordered to-go and I was quite surprised how quickly they got our order cooked and ready. The food we got were #150-deep fried pork chops with pepper salt for $7.75 and the #130 boneless chicken with vegetables for $7.50 The boneless chicken with vegetables was nice because there were different kind of veggies. I found the deep fried pork chops a bit on the salty side. Overall I thought the food was just average. Portions were small which was a bit disappointing. The sizes were not what I would think would be served for a dinner. It was small and not something I would expect for family style Chinese.I like that this is open late & I like their quick service but other than that I found this place just so-so.
5	Before Chinatown, there was Diamond China.This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in all Las Vegas. It may not be the nicest place since it may be in need of some remodeling, but is still the place with the best food and best value!I technically live in Chinatown, and I could walk to any restaurant in the area but I always find myself driving back to my old faithful Diamond china restaurant to get my fix of diamond china soup, spicy fried squid, And shrimp fried rice. And sometimes lobster in Ginger sauceDon't let this jewel of the sahara fade away! Best Chinese food is not in Chinatown. It's always been Diamond china!
3	I'd heard great things about this place, so I decided to try it on my own.  It was close to 11 PM when I went in, and I had the Hong Kong style crispy chow mein with shrimp and bok choy with some carrots in a white sauce.  I specifically asked it be cooked in a white sauce, as they will usually serve you a brown sauce unless specified.  I also had their pan fried potstickers.  I tell you, the chow mein was perfect for me, because they used the really thin noodles and fried it up.  With the sauce and the tender shrimp, it reminded me of some of the hole-in-the-wall Chinese eateries in San Francisco.  The potstickers were decent, too.  I had a very positive first experience here.Now, the second time, I brought my family, and we had their family style combinations.  The Diamond beef was tasty, and we gave it a thumbs up.  We also ordered their sweet and sour pork, and I didn't like it at all.  The pork was difficult to chew, and I felt like I was chewing on the lowest cut of pork there was, as it seemed to be cartilagenous in some bites.  The sweet and sour sauce was OK, but it didn't mask anything when it came to the pork.  We also ordered the pan fried potstickers since they were so tasty during my first visit.  They came out, and they just didn't taste the same...like they were lacking in seasoning.Also, too, the family combination meal comes with your choice of soup and we had the egg flower, and we had no complaints there.  They also had some appetizers--fried wonton and fried, battered shrimp.  The shrimp had a little smell to it as I bit into it, and upon mastication, I noticed it was starting to go rancid.  How disappointing my second visit was from my first.  I think it's hit or miss with this place.  I will try them again, but if my third visit's a flop, I won't ever go back.
4	Don't let the location fool you, this little restaurant is good enough to be claimed as former Las Vegas Mayor, Oscar Goodman's favorite Chinese Restaurant in Las Vegas, Nevada.  The curbside appeal may look like a place you wouldn't take a second glance at to even bother to stop by, but Diamond China hits the spot when it comes to quantity and value as well as waiting time for both being seated and served your dishes.  Another great plus, is that this restaurant is open late...I believe till 2am.  Great for your late night adventures and wanting to ease your hunger.  Once entering the premises, the ambiance of the place feels calming, casual and relaxed...more like a Chinese Restaurant.  Lunch time may become a little on the loud side but that is expected at most casual restaurants.  The plates come small (which may or may not be a good thing)  One may take it as a good way to not eat as much and pile much food on...however, one may also want to keep getting more, thinking they may not have eaten enough.  Trust me though, you will not leave hungry.  Food portions per dish is your average size, but price is low enough that even if you have a group of 6-10 and you wanted to order 2 dishes of each, you would have more than enough and still keep it at a reasonable price.  When you get your bill, you will almost think they missed some of your order.  I may not be an expert in Wor Wonton Soup...but by far, this is the only restaurant that I have been to where the Wor Wonton Soup was on point and pretty authentic and not your cheap pot sticker style wonton.The only downside to this, is about 2 times out of my many  visits, there have been other waiters who were not the usual waiters we always get.  It could be that they were not in the mood, or had a bad day...but the service at those two times were less than mediocre.  None the less, still unacceptable if they want to have repeat customers.  Other than those 2 times, everyone else has been on point.  I would definitely recommend  others coming here to give it a try.  This place may not be the best, but is one of my favorite Chinese Restaurants in Las Vegas.
4	This crummy hole in the wall place is way awesome! I loved the food a must order is their salt and pepper porkchops along with their hong kong chow mein noodle.. it may look scarrey on the outside and crummy in the inside but the food is delicious! Service is ok, i dont expect to much for service in chinese restaurants.. Overall good food!
2	If you are looking for a hole in the wall type of restaurant, this is it! Dirty looking and the location is not so good. This was my first visit here and a family friend told us that we should try this.Totally dissatisfied with the food except for the Jelly Fish and Chicken Salad with Sesame dressing, one star for that.  The rest were below par especially their sweet and sour pork. The other star came from the service of the owner/waiter/bus person in one. When we came here for Saturday lunch, we were the only customer in the restaurant. It initially looked creepy too since there was just one individual inside which was the owner. They also do not offer lunch specials (which 90% of all Chinese restaurants do nowadays). Will definitely NOT be back here.
4	The place doesn't look too fancy, nor the interior fresh, but it's the food I go for, so I simply overlook the outdated colors and carpet!  Decent food, great service, always good food.  Today, we had the pork with steam bun, sold by the 1/2 dozen, minute chicken with cake noodle, sweet and sour shrimp, and a stuffed tofu.  All were seasoned well, and as usually, the service was great.
4	My family has been going here since a was a kid...lets just say it's been open when there was a star dust casino...great authenticity in their food. The peaking duck, yum! Baked pork chops with peaking sauce delish! A wide selection in meats and seafood on the menu. Service- it's ok. They are friendly though. Great hole in the wall place to visit! Prices are decent
5	Following Leonel M.'s lead, with another couple I ventured out with Diane to sample some of Diamond China's highly touted offerings.  And, I was not disappointed.Large Pan-fried Dumplings were juicy and tasty.  Fried Shrimp rings were nice and light, with tasty morsels of shrimp inside.  Wor Wonton Soup contained more fresh shrimp and excellent broth.  A live Dungeness Crab cost $28, to be cooked with ginger and scallions, as requested, for my gustatory enjoyment.  Presented with pre-scored shell, the steamed crab was fragrant and delicious, and well worth the additional cost.  Beef & Snow Peas was a very good dish with small pea pods, lengths of carrot, and Straw Mushrooms added on request.  Glistening Moo Goo Gai Pan was also very good; and tasty, mildly spicy Kung Pao Chicken seemed like a more authentic, less Americanized version than most.  Diane was also very pleased with her Walnut Shrimp, which featured very large shrimp, big walnuts, and just the right amount of Mayonnaise Sauce to marry the two principal ingredients together.Service aimed to please, and was very professional and efficient.  And, the ambiance was casual but bright and airy, with comfortable seating and eye-appealing decor.
4	Have been going here for 20 years. Overall-Food is good! Definitely worth a visit!
4	Whole in wall joints have always been a fave for me. The experience has always been the same for me, GREAT! Diamond China has always been my whole in the wall Chinese restaurants. Reminds me a lot like the restaurants in Hawaii & California. Everytime I come here I always order duck or as peeking duck. Their cake noodle is great too! I've not ever had an issue with service. The food comes out fast. When every I'm on this side I like to stop by and have my fill. Diamond China never disappoints!
4	Went back to our favorite Chinese restaurant Saturday- great news- the  original owners are back! ... Decor is definitely not fancy- but the food is delicious ! service is good. Had the shrimp with pan fried noodles with black bean sauce and sweet and sour chicken... also- try the chow fun with shrimp! and the prices are very reasonable.
4	We had another fine meal at Diamond China, but this time I found one dish to be lacking, so a star has been lost.  Wor Wonton Soup was again hot and delicious.  Fried Scallops were big and crunchy.  And, Sliced Beef with Snow Peas & Mushrooms was a very tasty main, with a nice sheen to the beef and greens.  Fried Scallops were big, crunchy, and light.  And, a Steamed 2 lb. Tilapia that had just been removed from the live tank in my presence and served with scallions and ginger was excellent and as soft in texture and delicious as I had hoped.  In fact, I am finding it hard to dine here without enjoying something from the live tank, such as Dungeness Crab sold for a set price per crustacean (around $28), or fish which are sold by pound weight before any inedible parts (for me at least), like head or tail, have been cut off.  So, my visits here--though worth every penny--have usually not proven to be inexpensive.  But I was quite disappointed in the Shrimp Fried Rice that I was served.  The shrimp were very small, and I like them very large.
4	This place is great! If you're a fan of small Chinese restaurants, this is probably one of the best in the city I've been to. Me and my family always gather here on an ocassional weekend to celebrate a birthday.Prices are fair and the food is great. I'm a huge fan of calamari and this place always seems to be consistent in making it very delicious. The restaurant itself is very simple and "functional" in its appearance. You will not find the interior/decoratives much to look at if that's your thing. But if it's purely great Chinese food you are looking for, this is a nice treat.
2	I only went to this restaurant because island style was closed for remodeling. I have seen this place a couple of times and decided to give it a try. Im glad i did because now i know never to frequent this restaurant again. I don't care what this place looks like from the outside I'm strictly rating their food and service. First off my wife and i had to request the lunch menu, its not offered. The service was ok my problem was mainly with the food. Chinese food should be bold flavors with fresh vegetables and vibrant colors. This was none of the above. I had the pork and tofu hot pot. Again just plain and boring, plenty of pork and iceberg lettuce?!  Also ordered the shrimp pan fried noodles...very bland and just wasn't very good. Being a chef myself i can imagine that the chefs here just don't care anymore. All in all a very underwhelming experience, nothing special about the service, and absolutely nothing good about the food. I will probably never return
1	I was not planning to have lunch here. But I was starving and Island Style was closed due to construction. There was a server doing some kind of computer job. He greeted us and pointed a vacant seat saying we could sit there. My friend had to walk to the counter to order since servers never came to our table. Food was horrible. We had pan fried noodle with shrimp and roasted pork and tofu. There were giant pieces of FAT in roasted pork and tofu. And pork was OVERLY MARINATED so I couldnt even finish one piece at a time. It was too SALTY. I had to eat it with water. Also Water tasted bad. Everything was over priced, not pleased by the service and food. One star for this restaurant is too much. I would rather go to McDonalds.
5	One of my other fav Chinese places especially since its closer to home! Always get crispy roasted pork! And of course salt and pepper pork chops. Service is a little better here than ping pang pong because we usually come when they're not too busy. We even came 10 mins before they closed thinking they were open later, we were about to leave but they encouraged us to stay! Food came out fast, we feasted and took home some food. We were out in about 15-20 mins! I absolutely hate coming into restaurants at the last min & sitting around knowing they're closed. Lol I work In the restaurant industry & I am not a fan when it comes to people coming in last min sitting around for hours after we close. :( no bueno!
4	The shrimp fried rice was delicious as well as the salty spicy shrimp but the salty spicy squid was over cooked... It was pretty busy inside which is a good sign. Long story short I will come back again
1	Expect at least five flies flying around. Service has really gone downhill in the last year. Place is dirty and food quality is terrible. Previously they would offer their lunch special, now they try to push their regular menu on lunch patrons to make an extra buck. No longer one of my favorite Vegas restaurants. Never returning after last visit, lady owner was so rude. Eat at your own risk.
1	Found a hair fried into our fried pork chop. When I told the waitress about it she laughed it off. Then asked how long the hair was, because depending on the length or it it could be pork hair.... Either way it shouldnt  have hair in it period. They discounted it 10% and after we fought some we got the dish taken off our bill. Awful service and even worse at handling their sh*t.
4	Every time we come to Las Vegas we eat here and are never disappointed.  All food is great with great fresh seafood!
3	My family goes to this restaurant everytime we go to Las Vegas. It's not because it's amazing, it's just because my family avoids change like the plague. The wonton soup and fried tofu dish are consistently good and satisfying. The place is a little grungy but not too bad. All in all a pretty decent place for Chinese food. No complaints.
4	Great place for yummy cake noodle like hawaii makes. When I  crave for it we come up here and order the shrimp with snow peas. so far so good, been coming here for a few years now, never had a bad experience yet for a Chinese Restruant. Plus it is not crowded.
4	Been going here for a very long time (10+ years) - always my favorite for Chinese food. This time when I ordered the family dinner I noticed that the portions were quite a bit smaller than in the past.  The food was delicious as usual, however, instead of giving you a full serving on the large oval plates, they now use the smaller round dinner plates.  Kinda disappointed after going here for so many years. Found another restaurant on my side of town that is just as good and the portions are big, not sure if I'll go back to Diamond China anymore, too bad.
5	I love this restaurant, food is delicious. I love bringing fam here when they visit. Very delicious food
5	Diamond China earned back its fifth star after another fine dinner there.  This one consisted of crunchy Fried Shrimp, Wonton Soup with delectable filled wontons and a nice balance of ingredients, very well-prepared Pan-fried Dumplings with numerous dipping sauces, and Beef & Snow Peas with lean beef and very tender and tasty pea pods.  I also consumed a Seafood Hot Pot all by myself that was bubbling with broth and steam amid well-cooked vegetables and some of the best edible representatives from the sea, including luscious scallops.  And, Kung Pao Shrimp contained just the right amount of spice  to provide an authoritative kick but not overpower the flavor of the featured crustacean.All dishes consumed this night were excellent!
5	I have been coming to this restaurant with my family as a child. This place never changes. The food is always good and fresh. Sometimes, the chinese lady tries to hustle you into buying some crab and lobster but dont give in. We did once and it wasnt the best. Apparently, my family and I order the "what non chinese people order at a restaurant", according to my boyfriend. But if youre looking for some good chinese food I would definietly pay this place a visit!
4	Glad we gave it another chance.  The only hawaii style Chinese food left in las vegas.  Been in vegas for 14 years and this restaurant is still here.  Love me some cake noodle and ginger chicken
4	Really enjoy the food there. Mongolian beef, sweet and sour chicken, roast pork lo mein. Excellent. As I said before, not fancy..but the food is good. Ordered egg rolls, waitress brought spring rolls- not what we wanted-but they were good! $20.00 minimum charge-fyi.
