4	I was in here on a Friday morning with a pretty large group.  Our waiter was a super nice older guy with a Stetson and a fake gun.  Pretty much all of our breakfasts were around $5 and were quite sizeable.   And the best part: "we have white, wheat, whole grain, rye, sourdough, biscuits & gravy..."  "Wait, I can have a side of biscuits and gravy in lieu of toast?  Yes please."Oh, and the bloody marys are $3 during the weekday breakfasts.  To be fair, they do taste like $3 bloody marys.
2	Meh, I've experienced better at this very same restaurant.  Twenty five years ago this restaurant was considered a great dining establishment and my family would go here for special occasions.  Every now and then we'll go here to reminisce and enjoy some BBQ.  Wow, have times changed.I came here recently with my family and they had a new menu, not that great.  I had a BBQ sandwich which lead to an upset stomach all night long.  The restrooms were disgusting!  The only good thing I can say is that the service was and always has been great.I can't imagine ever going back to this place again.  It's just too gross now.  Fair well!
2	I have no idea what just happened. I came here for dinner and the place was vacant, with like one other party at any given time in here.  I'm not sure if it's because it's sort of in the hood, or because it's just not that good.I've never been to a Bill Johnson's, but it seemed like a nice place all this time.  There's a few different locations throughout the valley, and I've never heard a bad thing about them before. They seem like a nice family style restaurant and I came here with a friend tonight for dinner for the first time.I can't put my finger on it, but I think it was the food that didn't impress me. They seem to be a family style steak and potatoes type place, but the food wasn't all that good and it seemed a bit pricy. I think you get huge portions, but it wasn't all that good.I went with the bbq sandwich with a baked potato.  It was okay, but seemed like it was cut up into tiny cubes with bbq sauce over it. It really didn't have much flavor to it either. I just wasn't all that impressed. I think years ago it used to be the best place ever, from what I heard, but I was kind of disappointed overall with the food and the high prices  mediocre food.
