5	When I first started acupuncture (for general relaxation and sleep improvement) I was a little skeptical, but Karen quickly change my mind with the first treatment.  She put a needle between my forehead and I immediately felt a wash over me, a deep relaxing feeling that calmed me.  It wasn't just temporary, it actually "stuck" with me (no pun intended!!!).  My sleep improved and by the third treatment I actually felt stronger and my nerves were so calm.  Things actually rolled off my shoulders with my high stress job and my busy life.  Karen was very professional as well and took a lot of time to talk to me and figure out my needs so she could create a treatment perfectly adjusted to what I needed.  As an added bonus she played the most wonderfully relaxing music while the needles were in.  Highly recommended!
5	What an amazing experience. I was initially skeptical, but after my first session I realized that its not just about what's ailing you, it's about ALL of you. Karen takes the time to really understand you holistically. She listens intently and has the skills necessary to provide real results. It's clear that her joy in life is helping others... She genuinely cares about how you are & how you feel. She prepared a treatment plan that was designed to help me reduce stress and put my life in balance. Immediately I saw results. I now take the time to process my thoughts when faced with a stressful situation. As a result, I am able to deal with these situations in a relaxed manner. Additionally she's helped me control my cravings for sweets and fast food. Now I've been loosing weight and have more energy. She's made an awesome difference in my life. Doug
5	I've been to Karen for a couple of problems over the past few years, stress and upper back pain, pain in my lower back (which my doctor told me may need surgery) and tendinitis in my shoulder. Each time I have been amazed by the results, truly amazed! Needless to say, she even saved me from surgery I visited 2 other acupuncturists before her, and neither compared to Karen.
