5	I am new to Las Vegas and needed my uniquely shaped, two sided color business cards re-printed with my new information here.  I had the graphics from the designer I use in California and went into HikePrint with them and a sample of my existing card.  Seroj, the owner, couldn't have been more helpful.  He is all about quality in product and service.  Given that this was an inexpensive order, I was frankly blown away by the process.  First, my graphic needed a slight adjustment which Seroj did for me himself. The cards arrived and before he even showed them to me, he had rejected them due to the color not being perfect (almost unnoticeable to an untrained eye), and he didn't think the printer had matched the stock of the paper well enough.  He sent me a note telling me this and that he was having them re-printed immediately.  The cards arrived and Seroj then offered to deliver them to me due to the extra few days wait!  I couldn't believe the caring service and ownership.  The cards are 100% perfect and were much less expensive then I paid in California.If this is any indication of how much customers matter to HikePrint, then he deserves every new business he gets!  I know I'll be back.Carolyn McCartyPresidentClarkework Cultural Brandworks Inc
5	I just picked up my business cards from Serj at Hike and they came out perfect! They have good prices, are on time and will make it happen. Great communication, this is a good local small business that will be getting more of my business. I'm happy with every aspect from start to finish.
5	I love these guys great prices ever . I am ordering all my business stuff such as post card business card flyer from this company . reasonable price and great design . I deferentially  refer Hike print for all your printing stuff .Banner , business card , post card, and much moreeeeeee. Good job guys
5	Im working with this guys last couple years. They are great. They do my bakery`s printings signs and etc. He is really talented guy satisfies me with the designs. Always on time. I will definitely recommend him because i believe he spends more time doing the job and charging really less. As a proof you can go to Manan Bakery`s web page and check out his designs.
2	I'm surprised this company has 5  5-star reviews on here, my experience with them was not even close to a five star rating. When I first called and spoke to a representative he was okay as far as customer service goes. I wanted a quote for mailing postcards and he told me he would have a quote for me and send it to me via email. Two weeks have flown by and I haven't received a quote or phone call so I decided to shoot them an email to get an update. Still no response. I called and I only got their voice mail. The only thing they managed to do for me was send me samples of their products which were okay but I got way better sample products from their competitors. I am definitely disappointed with them.
5	i tried couple printing companies (online and locals) one had low price and bad quality the other fair quality and too expensive until i got referred to Hikeprint by one of my customer who was a happy customer of them. so i give them a try and i was hooked. they always check my files to make sure everything is good for printing (stuff that i dont understand but they are pro) I'm very satisfied with their quality and pricing as well as the turnaround time. I own a furniture store and the quality of print is very important to me as it represents the quality of my furnitures, they always do my flyers  and brochures and all my printings the exact same way i expect. thanks guys, I always refer my clients to you guys, keep up the good work.
5	I was traveling and had to print posters and banners for tomorrow because the shipment I was waiting was delayed. The owner generously agreed to do the print overnight, so we are here printing my posters. Highly recommended !
5	I work for a very fast paced company where things change in a blink of an eye and its great having HikePrint to help us out in all the chaos. Need great, inexpensive business cards, posters, or flyers asap? HikePrint is the way to go. They have been extremely helpful when it comes to rush orders and the quality is always top notch. Giving them a very high recommendation. Thanks again from all of us here at Hang w/ and MEDL HikePrint!
5	These guys are super nice and very professional.  They do all kinds of print jobs and I'm referring everyone I know on the west side of town to their shop at Rainbow and Oakey.
5	Seraj has been absolutely helpful with all of my printing needs- business cards, brochures etc. He went above and beyond to ensure everything was correct and I can't thank him enough for all his hard work to ensure my prints arrived on time. Hike Print truly has exceptional customer service and dedication to their clients! Thank you guys so much!
