5	Fantastic as always with QT's. Great, fast service. This location is always packed with gas and store customers, but it is so efficient and fast. Just wish customers knew to move to either side of each cashier to move the lines even faster since cashiers are trained to mentally start the next order in line.
5	Busy QT alongside the I-17! Stopped in twice, once for gas and on the way back for a sandwich and drinks. It's hopping in here both times. Before I found Yelp and was saved, I have been here before and the pumps are almost always full and people flowing in and out. It looks like they never get to breath here! But as always the pumps work, the sandwiches are tasty and good, and the fountain drinks yummy. Bathrooms are pretty clean here in comparison to most gas stations especially those along a freeway. There is a nice "side door" exit if you're getting back on the I-17 toward Tucson which avoids getting onto the main road and a stop light. Great place to go if you need quality gas and a break!
4	I kind of love QT. When I see their sign along the road I feel a sudden sense of safety, like I've been traveling for a long time, but my goal is finally within reach, and now I can rest. And that's just on my morning commute. Also, they let me engage in my dirty habit of drink-mixing. I have created some of the most elaborate, sugar-bombed, bizarro mix drinks in the QT. Cinnamon banana hot chocolate mochas, anyone? English toffee with a pour of amaretto creamer topped off with basic Columbian? And I'm not even getting to the frozen drinks. I also think that eating the QT hot sandwiches, which I am not above, will preserve my body in the style of Egyptian mummies, so I will be a curiosity for future generations to study and learn about our ancient culture. I'm just doing my part for future generations, and it tastes like a sausage muffin. All public service should be so tasty. Totally serious note: QT restrooms are, in my experience, almost always clean. Best restrooms on the road.
5	I love QT. Get some cheap drinks. Energy drink on tap. Cheesecake, omg. Fresh grapes, fruit, sammiches, and so much more! QT is awesome.
