2	I unfortunatly had to go in this zoo 2 weeks before x mas.I was going to purchase only one small thing.A brocade box to put a glass ornament into.It was 5 bux.I go towards the front to get in line and overhear one worker on the floor telling anotherone something about the check out line being 60 people long.I guessed they were discussing some shopping experience.They were.Mine.The line snaked through menswear all the way around to luggage.They weren't exaggerating!There were only 2 cashiers on duty.On a Saturday at 1 pm.2  weeks before x mas....I put the little 5 dollar brocade box down and left.And they say we're in a depressed economy....
5	I don't care what the haters say! I love this place. Great deals on brand names that I just can't get enough of. Never any problems with returns. Gosh, I spend way too much at this place. I just can't help myself.Want the best deals? go first thing in the morning. That's when the shelves are stocked. Don't park right infront of the building. I've seen two vehicles get hit this way. Park back a little further. Oh yeah, and right around the corner? Costco! Can't beat it!
5	What can I say....I LOVE the clothes/shoe/etc. selection and pricing at Ross!
3	LONG LINESBut really, that is what happens at just about every Ross on a Friday after 4pm... except this one only has two registers in addition to the customer service counter, so it's exceptionally slow checking out.The store has a good variety of clothes, the home goods are okay, and the shoe selection is minimal at best.The parking lot can get crazy because it shares a lot with a few other big stores, so there's a lot of parking wars happening, but that is to be expected.I got two great outfits at this store, so I like it, but any Ross that can't drag me into buying a pair of shoes has something wrong with it, because I am an easy target.
4	Ross is one of those stores that you can walk into and find things that you are looking for at a great price.  This store may not be the cleanest store in town or always has a long line to checkout it.  You just have to ignore all those things and look for what you are looking for.  There prices are definitely better than a lot of stores and you can find name brand clothes for a decent price.  So, when you go into this store, just remember that you are going in to find a great deal and ignore all the mess and long lines. I'm always happy when I buy sometime here for a great price.
2	I love Ross. I've been shopping at these stores for over 15 years and much of my wardrobe comes from here. I went into this location today to pick up a tie and belt for my dad and brother as gifts and my cashier, Valerie, was super rude. I don't expect awesome customer service walking through these doors, but I thought I'd at least get a smile and some friendly small talk while checking out. Oh well. Maybe she was having a bad day.
