5	My husband and I and our three kids moved in on July 1, 2013...The leasing staff is extremely professional!!!  I have had a couple of no big deal maintenance issues, and the on site maintenance staff took care of things right of way!!!  The neighborhood has lots of friendly kids for my kids to play with!!!  Also, this is a pet (dog) friendly complex and for the most part, the maintenance staff keeps the grounds pretty clean!!!  Quiet at night...nice pool, gym, computer access, club house,  monthly news letters and neighborhood events (i.e. community garage sale, ice cream social, back 2 school gift card drawing, etc.)!!!  I love it here!!!
1	I wish I could give this place no stars. This place deserves it. My bf and I went in to look at a two or three bedroom. Walked in, and after two minutes, was greeted; Not warmly and barely polite and never got her name. Turns out this lady was the manager. She asked what we were looking for and our time frame. Standard questions. Gave us prices and said she could show us the largest two bedroom. Turns out the maintenance had the key. So we had to wait close to 8 min for her to get the key. In the meantime a girl came in that turned out to be a leasing agent, Franci. She ended up being the one to show us the apt. We were on our way. She walked ahead of us and asked us again what our time frame was for moving. No other question was asked the entire 3 minute walk to the vacant. She opened the door and said "so... Here's the guest bedroom and that's the master..." That's it. We explored the space, not surprised that this apt was a vast disappointment. It was small. She asked us what we thought. I said it was too small, to which she replied "Well, this is our largest two bedroom, so.... Yeah". That's all you have to say?? It gets better. We walk back, and on our way, her phone rings. She pulls it out and silences it without apology. And silence all the way back. I'm pissed at this point. We enter the office and they give me back my license. I politely said we would have to return to see the three bedroom since that apt was too small. She said ok. Upon leaving, the manager was too, so I decided to share our experience. She seemed concerned and apologized. I truly hope she addresses the incompetence of her staff, since she is representing the property and company as a whole. Jupiter Communities would not be pleased with this performance. Prices were great. That's the only thing positive I can say about this community.
1	My husband and I just moved in and I was woken up this morning by a maintenance man in my kitchen! He did not have permission to enter my home, but apparently it's ok for me to be violated this way because 'he was just doing his job'. I'm sorry, but that is not ok!! And what consolation do I get?! "Oops, he says it won't happen again." Words cannot express how upset and wronged I feel. Unprofessional and inexcusable!
4	My boyfriend and I lived In Augusta apartments from October of 2012 to 2013. It was a great place to live for our first apartment and for the price. We got a one bedroom which may be small to some but it was just us two and our dog. We never had a problem with staff, the manager always said hello to us and the maintenance staff was very helpful and handy. Only problem was some people didn't pick up after their furry children which happens in many apartments and the staff did address this issue. Overall I would recommend for someone just moving to vegas and is looking for something small and close to everything but still away from the craziness of downtown.
5	I've been here for 1 1/2 years and I really like it. The people in the office are nice, the maintenance staff is on it. My neighbors are great. My kids play outside with the other kids, no problems. The location is awesome. The staff really tries to do things for the tents and I LOVE THAT!
