5	Best hair cut I have ever gotten! Alston is not only talented with clippers and scissors, but very friendly, well spoken, and knowledgable. He spoke to me every step of the way and informed me of any adjustment he was making before he made them. I'm very sensitive about the way I want my hair cut since I am a male with curly hair, but Alston allowed me to ease on down in my  chair and enjoy the quite whispers of the scissors eating away at my curly mane.
5	Alston is simply the best hair artist I have ever worked with. I always look forward to my hair appointments with him as he offers such creative consultations, wonderful conversation, and the end product is always magnificent! Further, Alston has such a diverse clientele (young and old, male and female, and all from different backgrounds) and yet the one commonality he brings to each and every client is that we always leave looking like our best self. I must also add that the only thing that may surpass his epic talent is his tremendous heart, Alston is always supporting his clients, co-workers, and community in anyway he can. Recently, Alston partnered with a local non-profit and provided his space and free hair services to five brave individuals who were being filmed to share their experiences with mental illness and stigma. Many of these individuals live at or below the poverty line and have never had an experience quite like this - I remember one girl named Kara left saying "this was the best day of my life."That's the Alston Fraser magic, you will leaving feeling great and looking even better!
5	Alston is a talented professional in every sense of the word. I recently had the pleasure of working with him on a charity event for our local Museum of Art where he helped to source, dress and create the looks for the entertainment of the evening, twenty five in total. His creativity & level of excitement was infectious and the quality of his work was far beyond our expectations. I would highly recommend him to anyone, I can whole-heartedly say that they won't be disappointed.
5	Alston is without a doubt one of the best hairdressers I have ever had the pleasure of witnessing. His talent working with beautiful dimensional color stands out to me in particular, as well as his sharp mens haircuts. He is a fantastic conversationalist and as Ms. C put it, honestly an all-around wonderful person. I wouldn't waste any more time, call and schedule your appointment immediately!
5	I have been having my hair cut by Alston almost as long as I have lived in the Tampa Bay area when he had a smaller shop in South Tampa. As his talents grew as an excellent stylist and colorist, and his business acumen blossomed, he expanded his locations and I followed! I have a very short women's hair style, and have never found another stylist who understood my hair, my needs, and made it work for me like Alston. I wish he could have worked out a way to venture into the NW Tampa area (for selfish reasons), but wherever he continues to expand, I'll continue to follow him to the ends of the earth! In addition to his talents with hair, he's a great person with a big heart, gives back to the local community, takes care of his team, his clients, and cares about the environment.
