5	they do an incredible job with fresh flowers.  i've ordered tons and been the recipient of tons...all good.  super fresh, bright, artful, not the usual boring crap you see in most flower shops.  the owner, helen, is from england and as such carries some really cool english products in the store.  this is a great place to shop for a gift or just to pick up somethign to make your office or house look smart.
5	My boyfriend came here to their bistro for our anniversary. It's hidden in a back room of a flower shop. I guess the idea for the owners is to sell flowers and trinkets as well as fine dining. And fine dining it was; I can't wait to go back! I'm sorry I can't write a better review because it was a year or so ago when I went but trust me, the food's good go asap. This place needs to be in a better location...
5	The Food here is great. They cater alot of the events at U of I and they'll bring flowers too. The head chef is also a great guy.
3	If you have some place to be within 2 hours, this is not the place to go.  My husband and I went there for lunch one day and it took over 1.5 hours to make our sandwiches!  The food was pretty good, but definitely NOT worth the wait.
5	So yummy! A quaint and sweet find. My Mom and I came here awhile ago for lunch. I had different cheeses, fruit, and toasted pita bread. My Mom had chicken salad, which she really enjoyed. We ended up splitting a delicious carrot cupcake with cream cheese frosting... so good! You could tell that everything was fresh, organic, and local, just as they claim. It's definitely worth visiting if you haven't been yet.
2	Just speaking to the floral side of things, I went in today looking for a nice potted flower thing fit for a balcony (as a present to my girlfriend).  After reading the reviews on here, I expected this place to be amazing.  When I got there, I was a bit underwhelmed by the flower selection, especially the potted/ in basket selection.  In addition, when I walked in, I was only told by one girl "tell us if you need anything" as she rushed to the back, and that was the last time I saw anyone.  After walking around looking for something that fit my needs for awhile, and not having anyone approach me or come out of the back to help, I ended up leaving without buying anything.  I'm not trying to be a complainer here, but when you're just sort of addressed out of the corner of someone's eye as they are running to the back to work on something, and then ignored for the next ten minutes, you don't feel very wanted as a customer.  I understand they probably get a lot of big orders from weddings and such, but I still don't feel that is any reason to ignore an individual customer.
5	An adorable, quaint little shop that has a ton of beautiful finds and a nice selection of flowers. Both ladies that were helping us find some spring bouquets for our moms were reallllly helpful and polite. I also really love their dogs! Be sure to say hi to Diesel when you're there!
