5	A great place for drinks and creative food after work!Atmosphere: A very urban take on western, barn-like chic. Comfortable without being too trendy. Bathrooms (located up stairs) were gorgeous (I'm picky like that)...unisex, individual stalls/rooms with a shared marble sink.Food: We initially went just to have drinks after work, but after checking out the menu of tapas, cheese, oysters, etc...we had to try a couple things. So we ordered 3 tapas dishes to share...smoked salmon chopped and mixed with pecans, mini bison burgers, and ceviche. All were to die for but the salmon in particular was amazing.Service: It wasn't very busy when we first got there but got really crowded later.  The service didn't change...our waiter was attentive, super helpful (provided recommendations when asked, translated when I needed it, suggested wine to go with out order, etc). Really friendly...and when I wandered trying to find the bathroom (there were no signs), one of the chefs saw me (they make everything out in the open in the mid-back of the restaurant) and pointed out were to go...really nice guy!Would definitely head back here!
4	This place is a cool place for brunch. They have little breakfast tapas which were great, and absolutely superb bread! The atmosphere is very cool too. Definitely recommend!
3	Came here late with a group of 6 - atmosphere was certainly unique - sleek but rugged, and the servers dressed in black and white plaid.  I like the way that Emma B describes it ("urban take on barn-like chic").We were given the late-night menu, which of course was in French.  I've found most places in Montreal have English menus if you ask for them, so I asked if they had English menus.  Our server was not super pleasant - he gave us a rather gruff "no" and then walked away.  When he came back 10 minutes later to take our order, he offered to translate the menu for us, but it would've been nicer if he'd done that in the first place.  One of my friends spoke a fair amount of French and tried to order in French, and the waiter refused to answer him in French - it was kind of awkward.  Food was pretty good - we got the olive and nut app, I got the Bison burger which was small but tasty, my friend got Green Bean Poutine and his cheesecurds were out of control good.  The Tuna Tartar tasted like smoked salmon - straight delicious.  Portions were small, but in general people were happy with the food they ordered.  So yah - food was pretty decent, but with a very hot-and-cold waiter I could take or leave this place.  Also, there was a spider in my wine glass, so I'd check your glassware closely before letting them pour!
3	Lovely restaurant--great food and wonderful service.  We brought our two kids aged 5 and 7, and I wouldn't recommend that if your kids are picky eaters.  Ours are, and total meltdown was only averted by the wonderful attentions of the handsome waiter who brought my 5 year old daughter unadorned cheese curds.  The children were graciously welcomed and treated extremely well, but unless yours are adventurous eaters, you'll need to feed them elsewhere.
3	Interesting restaurant . . . very quiet for a Saturday night, almost too quiet. Perhaps we were just there too early. Very sleek atmosphere . . . almost a little cold, but yet still comfortable. Staff was nice and non-intrusive. Tapas were unique! Some very good, some underwhelming, but A+ for creativity!
4	An excellent experience for my first visit. I was invited for dinner here with a friend who I knew would pick a great place and I was not disappointed. This place was not very busy but it was a Tuesday night. The service was good; wine list very good and the food was sort of tapas style with a French flair and very delicious!I will return!
4	A very unique place, here's the run down on its Atmosphere, Service, & FoodAtmosphere: Grange is a very unique tapas dig - even by montreal standards.  Located in the uber-chic Old Port area, Garange is part French (france) local store / market and part Quebec mess hall.  the Cluttered decor is surprisingly seamless and very comfortable.Service:  Very professional.  The staff knows that they operate in an expensive area - and thus go the extra mile to be that little bit more professional than the average place.  This however does not interfere with their seemingly genuine helpfulness.Food: Tapas is the name of the game. For brunch the offers cheeses, meats, as well as freshly cooked breads and home made jams make the meal diverse, and for dinner Kraft Cheese al la Garange is an interesting order.Chic, stylish, very "Sex in the City"
4	I & my sis had a meal of a glass of wine each and a good variety of appetizers. In a word Yum! The food was impeccable - delicious. On the pricey side, nothing I'd do often but a great outing, especially for an earlier evening. It fills up and the service diminishes as the clock ticks away. Luckily, we had an early meal.Just a note: everyone uses the word tapas to describe small plates (usually savory) eatz - to me tapas connotes Spanish or at least Latin in flavor.
4	What I like about walking around a new place is finding places to eat. The prices is are high, but the server was really attentive, always coming by to make sure that we were taken care of. There's a large area in the back, ideal for a big group. Had the crab chowder, it was thick and good, the mac and cheese was alright. It wasn't crowded, because the weather sucked and people tend to stay in indoors. I forgot what I got which had some crumbled popcorn which was good.
2	Honestly with the wide variety of restaurant that Montreal has to offer, your hard earned cash will be better spent elsewhere. I had a risotto that had the same texture as rice, and a mac and cheese that was lacking some richness. Yes the place is cool and the concept is trendy...but the quality and innovation of the food is just not there. Sorry not sorry.
3	I can't get passed the cook (female Asian) touching her hair, eating random food, and touching her face without washing her hands while cooking. Nasty.
