5	Wow, I'm the first to review?  Seems impossible.  What is striking about this business is how much the owners care about each of their customers.  One of the owners delivered 3 breastpumps on Christmas day!  Who else would do that?!They have a lot of cute organic onesies and Kate Quinn sheets (really lovely) and really good quality products that are perfect for shower gifts.  They also have a great selection of cloth diapers and nursing aids.  They only have a few co-sleepers, cribs, etc, but you can tell that they are selective about what they carry (in a non-snobby way) and just want to offer the best for you and your child.  You can go in here and spend just a little money, but I think it would be easy to get carried away too.  Not sure if they have a registry, but they should.  It would be the perfect place to register.Go there!  It's worth the trip across town if you're expecting or already have a little one.
4	I was very happy with all the products carried by Happy Baby Happy Earth.  I have seen some items and brands here that I haven't seen at any other baby store.  I'm not into the organic movement (I'm all for it, I just don't purposely seek it out) but every item was adorable!  The sheets were soft, the toys sturdy and they had a lot of different items.  There didn't seem to be a lot of items though.  Maybe that is a reaction to the big chain stores where there is a ton of product, but the store was rather sparse.The owners were extremely friendly and knowledgeable, but as my friend and I were shopping one of the owners followed us from room to room telling us every detail of any item we looked at or touched.  I appreciate knowledgeable sales people, but my friend and I were shopping together and would have enjoyed having a conversation while we were shopping.  However, it didn't stop me from making purchases and I would enjoy returning to this shop again for more items in the future.
5	I've been shopping here off and on for a year now. I cloth diaper my son and will usually stop in for Rockin' Green detergent (best price anywhere!) and to just peruse the store. When my husband and I were getting ready for our trip to Chicago for The Fest For Beatles Fans, I stopped in here for ear muffs for my son. I've purchased wet bags, babylegs (although I don't know if they still carry those), my Moby wrap, detergent, diaper rash ointment, a sippee cup that also converts to be used with a straw, and several other items. Kim and Bev are knowledgable about their business and are extremely helpful when you have questions. They even gave us some tips on what to do regarding the ammonia buildup we have right now with the cloth inserts!  My husband was with me today and he was just as impressed as I always have been with Healthy Baby Happy Earth. For what you're purchasing, they've got the best prices and typically even beat out Amazon! I've recommended the store to other cloth diapering Mama's in the valley and they have always left with a bag in-hand and a smile on their face! I'd rather spend my money here than at some big box store ... Quality definitely beats out quantity here!
4	I am loving this place!  Both the owner and her mother have been very sweet and helpful.  Surprisingly, they have both talked me out of buying things that I thought i was interested in only to encourage me to get something that was more suitable to my need regardless of the cost. This has become my go-to local/independent shop for new baby gear. It would be great if they opened a resale shop too!
5	This is a great place for parents seeking natural options for their baby.  The service is amazing and they really know their product lines inside and out.  My wife and I loved coming here during our pregnancy and after Braxton was born.  We highly recommend it!
5	Welp! I lost my elite badge but I guess that's what happens when life stops. Well. Life stopped because I am having a baby! Now while I hate annoying people with all the joys of expecting, I have to give props to this store.  It was the only place I could find the ginger suckers when I was suffering from morning sickness. They have a lot of awesome stuff there though. I plan on getting my cloth diaper sprayer there, some cloth diapers, creams and butters (can't tell you what parts those go on ;)  )If you are looking for a eco friendly baby place for infant-kid needs this is your place. The staff (mom and daughter) are extremely nice and informative!
1	I am currently renting a hospital grade Medela breast pump from Healthy Baby Happy Earth and have since March of 2014.  I was contacted by the company, via email, on September 5 to renew my rental or return the pump.  I renewed the rental for three months at a cost of $170.81.On Sunday, September 28, the pump died.  It will not function and reads error on the screen.  I researched the issue and the pump needs to be returned to the manufacturer for refurbishing.  I have sent 4 emails to healthyhappybaby@aol.com and left 6 messages at 623-847-0590.  I have NOT been contacted.  This is hugely affecting my milk production.  I exclusively pump and  need the hospital grade pump to keep production up.DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.  I am so upset that their refusal to return my messages or deal with this problem is affecting my child!  AGAIN DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY
