4	1st to review? Apparently nobody who goes to Big Lots owns a computer.This place is great-! Great deals down every aisle.Now they don't have a bunch of checkers or anything so expect a line but the prices are ridiculous.I bought my kid a 5MP digital camcorder for his birthday $35!!! WTF! It works better than my $250 Nikon!!This place has furniture,food, electronics and a whole lot more!! Check it out!!
4	Nice and clean this store was. It seemed bigger than some, and well stocked. There were plenty of holiday seasonal things in stock, as well as a nice supply of house hold items. Surprised to see furniture, not cheap, but of fairly good quality. Prices aren't bad either. I keep saying, good buys turn up here, so check it out!
4	I like this one a lot- maybe because it's located near a Target and across the way is a Dollar Tree store, so it's convenient to hit three good places at one area. But also, because this one is mostly not as busy or congested like the other locations. (Years ago, this store was a Marshall's- maybe that's why the store closed- not enough traffic.) It was only busy once or twice that we've gone on a weekend. We go to this location the most, it seems lately. This location has name brand furniture (not all of them do) and it's nice to browse. We almost ended up buying a cuddler & sofa set but it just happened to be discontinued and we saw the last one getting transported to a vehicle in front. C'est La Vie. I like the selection of food (juice/cereal/breads), craft items (ribbons), footwear (they had crocs!), and automotive (mat sets are cheap), pet section (snacks/treats), and health/beauty items (lotions/feminine hygiene/etc.). I also checked out the socks and seasonal items as well. I usually find something here. The prices are hard to beat- it's kinda like Tuesday Morning except TM has more specialty items. The last time we came here, a female homeless person clutching a Cabbage Patch Doll was harassing people in the parking lot.
4	There are certain times where I feel like I NEED to get to a Target: when I'm looking for blu-rays, socks, things I'm going to eat... that's when I go to the Target in the same shopping center. But when I need something that's cheaper and I'm less concerned with quality, that's when I come here. I've bought all my dad's computer and tv cables here (HDMI cable was $13 here and $26 at Target). I also bought some cleaning chemicals that were name-brand (Simple Green) that were cheaper here than at Target, too. Oh! I also buy my dog cheap dog treats here!In terms of the actual location, it's not too bad. It's pretty clean, albeit kinda messy when there are a ton of people there (par for the course). The guys who work there are pretty nice and they're good about returning stuff, too (receipt dated within 30 days of purchase). I've never had to wait too long in a line before being helped by someone, which is pretty awesome. They carry a lot of stuff at this store. From mattresses to snacks to MP3 players and furniture to lawn furniture. If you're in the area, you should drop by and check it out.
3	this is not the nicest big lots in the world but i still like it just the same. it reminds me a lot of ross but they have more sections and different options. most of the time the prices are amazing sometimes its just hard to find exactly the thing your looking for.
3	If you're from the East Coast or Midwest you've probably known about Big Lots for a few decades. The Big Lots on Decatur has the variety they are known for, but on a much smaller scale than the stores in the eastern part of the country. The store here has upgraded its inventory substantially from its opening a few years ago. When I was there today they had a nice selection of barbeque grills, both gas and charcoal to choose from. The name brands are becoming better, but the store is still limited by its size. I would like to see Big Lots open a location in a space the size of the nearby Target which is more representative of stores in other cities. If you're heading to Target or The Meadows Mall a stop at Big Lots may be worth your while.
