5	We have used JJ's Rooter septic pumping service 2x now for our system, (about 16 years old), and have had nothing but great experiences!!They are very professional, and knowledgeable about their trade.Even with me asking 1001 questions while he is trying to work.
5	I can't recommend JJ's enough.  We had them scheduled to come out for a septic pumping and inspection.  The weekend before they were supposed to come we had a pipe burst that caused a substantial amount of damage to a room in our house.  I called Laura at JJ's and asked them to send someone out and Josh was out there that day.  He fixed the issues temporarily then made an appointment to come back out to re-pipe the room.  The septic crew came out as well and they were extremely professional and a real pleasure to deal with.  They pumped the septic and were open and honest about the condition and quality of our tank.  I was expecting a typical Vegas scam--come out, inspect it, and say it needs replacement to the tune of 15-20k.  Not with JJ's, it was full disclosure throughout the process.I like this company so much that we're going to use them as our go-to plumbers now.  They are honest, reasonably priced, and went above and beyond to help me in a bad situation.  Outstanding to work with, I highly, highly recommend!!
5	I have used JJ's for several years. Whenever I call them they get someone to my home or my business quickly. They treat me like family. They are very reasonably priced and straight forward. All of their employees that I have meet have treated me very well. Although I am especially fond of Josh and Jackie. I can't say enough on how well I am treated by JJ's. I highly recommend JJ's Rooter, Plumbing & Pumping, LLC.
1	DO NOT USE JJ'S PLUMBING!The "plumber" Miguel they sent out looked like a twenty year-old gang member, had a horrible attitude, wouldn't stop mouthing off at me, and refused to do his job properly. He wore no name tag, was wearing a dirty t-shirt and jeans.I had called JJ's because my other usual plumber was booked up, and they had decent reviews (how deceiving). The pickup truck he showed up in was unmarked truck (second red flag). After doing a rooter on the main line (literally took 5 minutes) he didnt put the cap back on. I had to tell him twice to do this after hearing that it wasn't his job. Really? He finally put it back on but left the toilet paper stuck to it, so it wasn't flush. I again asked him to fix it and he refused. He also had left feces that had come up right next to the main line. Did I mention he never bothered to test anything to make sure the main line was cleared?I called the office and made the problems about his half-done work known. The woman said a supepervisor would call me right back (they didn't). After enduring Miguel giving me hate stares, racist attitude, and trying to intimidate me for 30 minutes, his "supervisor" Nicholas showed up (also in an unmarked white van, suprise surprise). In retrospect I would not be surprised if he was just his co-worker since he never identified himself with a business card, that and his similar "gang" deamenor. He never apologized and was less than professional. His tone was very sarcastic and demeaning, he acted like he thought the whole thing was a joke. He handed me the bill and I handed them their $30 off coupon for their price of $85, bringing it down to $50. He acted insulted. He grudingly accepted it and at this point he handed me the receipt and walked back to their unmarked vehicles. As I closed the door I noticed a bag full of feces and toilet paper that they had conviniently plopped on my newly painted flower bed ledge. I told them to please throw away the bag. They refused saying it wasn't their job. At this point I let them know I would never call them again and was going to post about their poor performance online. I called the office to complain and the woman who answered was too busy making excuses for them, but said the owner would call me back.If you are looking for a plumber look elsewhere.
