4	The other reviews have summed this gym up perfectly.It a simple back to basics gym. I was slightly worried it was going to be a grim and grotty as it is open 24 hours and much cheaper than any other gyms in Edinburgh. I was very pleasantly surprised, it is clean, well equipped and has hot showers.I also wanted to add that they have really good staff who are super friendly and happy to answer any questions about particular machines or give advice if you want to achieve something specific during a work out.
4	I have been attending this gym for several months as pay to play customer and at the end of last year decided to buy the full membership.Great equipment, up to date - usually fixed quickly if something goes wrong. Staff are quick and friendly to help when needed - but aren't that proactive.  As a whole the gym and communal areas are clean and clear.I agree with earlier comments that it's a bit fishbowl like! The main mat area is in in the centre of essentially four walls of machines / equipment and people def watch you when you are in there. (I watch people myself!)For the price, it's better than many other gyms I've been to for more, hence the 4 stars.  Would recommend to those cash strapped eager gym buddies or those who want less fuss.
4	Whilst Pure Gym still is basic, and so hasn't got the high-tech whizzy gear or a very big schedule of classes, it's growing on me. So I've bumped it up a star.The fact that it's open 24/7 is great. It means that the usual crowds are more spread out over a longer time period, as people aren't trying to cram in their workouts before work at 6am, or after work before 10pm. And it's really big inside. Yeah, it's uninspired and just a big room full of gym equipment. But there is SO MUCH equipment. So many treadmills. They're low on bikes, albeit, but so much equipment that I've never once had to wait for anything. Even weights.They've also got those vibrating plate machine things, that I've seen people lift weights on. That's pretty high tech.And the staff are all really friendly.So yeah, it's not super fancy but it's cheap, it's open 24/7, it has SO MUCH EQUIPMENT (have I said that already), it's in a good, central location, and there's loads of locker space - yup, Im putting my faith in Pure Gym to get me buff for Christmas.Just a note: you need your own padlock for the locker. Worth investing in.
4	Given I am new to Yelp I often forget I can review for places that aren't just food and drinks SO here goes... I have been a member of Pure Gym for a few months now and even though this week hasn't seen me visit quite as often as Id like, that is no fault of the gym! I love it there... it has everything I need. Bikes, yep. Treadmills, yep... rowers... YES! I don't fuss much with the classes on offer but would do if there was a Pilates/yoga option. At this stage there is no such thing but I have been assured that once renovations have been completed they will look into getting them started! The bathrooms are fuss free and clean & I haven't ever felt like I shouldn't  use the showers/loo due to grotty reasons! The only downside is the hair dryers aren't great but I'm sure ill get over that one :-) x
