1	Dirty, service sucks, and music horrible.
2	I get so frustrated when you get home and most of the order is incorrect or items are missing.What more do I need to say about that?The interior is surprisingly dirty/messy, especially considering the location.  The last time I dined at this location I said out loud that I can't believe the condition of this place and had I known I would make the choice to go elsewhere.
1	Horrible Service. Ricky the "manager" is rude and unhelpful. It took 18 minutes to get our food, and when we complained our  check was refunded but then Ricky took the food out of my hands and told me " you can't have no free food" horrible and shameful. Dave would roll over in his grave if he knew what was going on.
2	Have been extremely interested in trying out the new pretzel burger ever since my buddy told me about Wendys experimenting with the prezel bun.While hanging out with my buddy that told me about it, we decided to give it a try. We finally arrived and there was no info on that burger. We asked the cashier and she said that it launched today but they dont have anything about it in store, but if you go thru the drive thru its on the menu. We went ahead and ordered it. We got the meals, upsized to large.Total bill was about $22 for the combo's large sized. Extremely over priced especially being at a fast food resturant. Was hoping it was going to be delicious, but it was just okay. I would definitley never get it again unless they changed it up. The bun wasnt soft and chewy as it should be. It should have been way more delicious.Wendy's, you gotta step it up.......
2	It has been years since I have been to Wendy's.  I saw the commercial for the bacon portabella on brioche.  I know better than to expect anything from a commercial.  I was right.Odd night only a few minutes to get something and Wendy's was next door.  I wanted to believe the commercial.   Great bread cheese mushrooms on a thick burger.  Nope.It was a darker bun that tasted like any cheap bun, maybe three sliced mushrooms, barely any cheese on a flat bun.  2 Stars because it is fast.Nice staff this night via drive thru.  It is fast food next weekend might be a different crew.  One of my many reasons for not visiting fast food is the poor wages.
