5	5 stars, not for being the Taj Majal of motels, but for being one of the the best values in town.
4	I'm not one for motels, but this place makes me think otherwise. I stayed here for two nights with my dragon boat team for a race, and this place wasn't bad at all.Small, it's true, and not that amazing on the inside, but it's clean, not smelly, and has everything you need for a short trip. The bad: frolicking with a large group of Asian kids - yourself included - in the pool. Random old white men taking pictures of you and all that jazz from the third floor balcony... Staring, gawking...I bet they're going to tell all of their friends that they went to China.Anyways. Good place to stay!
1	BEWARE!!  I read some bad reviews about this hotel on another site and thought maybe it would be okay anyway.  Initially, it was an acceptable place to stay but not a place I would stay again because it was dirty.  But then we had a terrible customer service experience on top of that and I would never recommend this hotel to even an enemy.1. Bad customer service at the desk: We made reservations online for 4 days and on the 2nd day, we went to the front desk to change our credit card.  The manager at the front desk asked if we were checking out and we said no, we were not scheduled to check out for two days.  She kept telling us "This is a pre-paid hotel.  If you don't pay in advance, we can't guarantee the rooms."  I told her that the web site has no mention of that and the person who checked us in did not tell us that.  The she said she didn't have any rooms for us and we would have to leave.  I asked what the point of a reservation was if they couldn't keep it and she continued to say several times "This is a pre-paid hotel..."  At that point, we went upstairs to pack our stuff and try to find other arrangements.  I was getting ready to call corporate customer service when she called and said she made a mistake and we had the room for the next two days.  She was extremely rude during the experience and she was the manager.2. General carelessness and more bad customer service at the desk: The maid left the door to our room ajar and not locked.  This was a room on the main level next to one of the open exits to the parking lot (the hotel has an open-air design where the rooms open to the the outdoors).  When we called down to the front desk, the personnel there said "Oh well."3. Dirty.  The hot tub and pool had slimy stuff on the tiles.  There were broken beer bottles and cigarettes all over the ground by the garbage cans.  Everything else including the rooms were dingy.  We had a non-smoking room but it smelled like a smoking room with perfumey air freshener.4. The continental breakfast is listed as free but it costs 4.99 plus tax and it is the breakfast you get for free at equivalent hotels in the area.
1	ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?THE PHOTOS HERE ARE MISLEADING.People actually gave this place four - five stars?!?! Coming from out of town, I went entirely with what these people said here on Yelp.I was hopeful that at the very least, a chain hotel would have some standards, yet this was the worst that I have ever stayed at.I drove up to it, and it looks to be in a decent neighborhood; though vintage 70s from the outside, the parking lot was packed. I was still hopeful, since the online photo looked somewhat decent.My confidence level dropped - the lobby and interior also looked old. Granted, I don't mind old and clean, but there is a difference between old and clean, and OLD AND RINKY-DINK. The night manager, though nice, was not my idea of hospitality management. Again, she was nice, but has clearly seen better days.She directed me to the closest parking spaces to the room, and as I was walking through the breezeway, they had a security gate, with a card key lock on it, and it was wide-open and broken.I had seen some of the clientele in the parking lot, and with all due respect, I felt like I was in ghetto-transient housing.The NON-SMOKING room was old, AND SMELLED LIKE SMOKE. NOT old and clean, mind you, it was OLD AND RINKY-DINK, and not only smelled like smoke but everything had that NICOTINE FILM ON IT.I had a suite, but in this case, it meant two adjoining dark cavernous rooms. I think I was half-expecting blood or cigarette stains on the bed linens!Also, it looked like the room had a makeover in the last few years, yet it was the kind of makeover that had the counter effect than what they intended! I wouldn't be surprised if they gave people free room and board in exchange for a non-pro slop job.The paint was in layers, the couch had stains all over it, the laminate furniture was chipped, the framed artwork was cracked, the toilet was cracked (functional though), the tile work and finish work in the bathroom looked sloppy, etc.In other words, they could clean all they wanted to, but it probably wouldn't do anything! I even rearranged the furniture to make it something that perhaps I'd be more "comfortable" in.I'll have to say that the bed was fairly decent, and so were the bed linens, but they had wood shutters on the bedroom window that were broken and wouldn't close all the way, so I got me some "night-light." Not only that, it was around 2 am, and people were talking in the parking lot in the middle of the night. I had reserved two nights, but left after one night (go to the Holiday Inn Express in Scottsdale!).The horrible irony is that this place has the word, "Quality" associated with it.
1	Just a quick update. I sent a link to this review to the corporate headquarters, then I received a personal email from the manager, that I would receive a full refund on my stay.Though, unfortunately, the room was bad enough to where they remain at 1-star, yet, on the other hand - I'll have to hand it to them - that was good customer service.
2	Nice hotel. Nice pool. Everybody was nice for the most part. But the night manager lady was hassling everybody. I was standing in a smoking area in front of my room talking to a friend. And the manager comes up to us and informed us the public area's of the hotel closed at 10. And so we asked her where we could smoke out in the public area she said where we were standing was fine but we could not socialize there and we would have to come out and smoke one by one and not socialize. And after that as I was holding the door open for my friend as he unloaded the van and she came up to me again and asked what I was doing and I said I am holding the door while he brings in a box. And she told me to make sure to shut and latch the door. I don't know what her deal is but I can't believe that she treated us so bad for no reason. The rest of the staff was nice polite and helpful. But they need to keep that lady away from customers.
3	Hotel and grounds are clean, it's right off the freeway and a couple miles from anything you need. For the price, I'm sure these things are a great value. The bad - uncomfortable furniture in the living room, bad lighting in the kitchen and also only one burner out of 2 working, small pool, a "gym" that's in the lobby completely open to everyone coming and going (read: no door) - just a little unsettling if you ask me. Staff has been friendly so far too :)
1	Update:  Room still good, and night man at the desk was very friendly, BUT the morning  man at the desk - the owner? - very obnoxiously demanded ID before I could take any of his nasty breakfast coffee.  Unlike almost all of the other hotels in this chain this place offers no breakfast.  It has nothing but the crummy watery coffee.  Besides that, the little half and half packets were sour.  And then, upon checkout, they did the favorite trick of the disreputable motels in this chain, they try to slip in a phony "optional" charge, usually a "safe charge", like here, usually a dollar or two, but $3 here.  They will remove it if you ask them, but of course most people never notice it.
1	I stayed here last night, and didn't have the best experience. I got a good rate for a king room, so that's why I chose to stay here. The room was dumpy, holes in the carpet and couch, didn't seem too clean, there was no alarm clock (don't most hotel/motel rooms have alarm clocks?), and no ice bucket. There was a lid for one, but no bucket itself. I also thought it was a bit odd that I had to call the front desk for the password to log in to use the free WiFi, I never had to do that at other hotels.There was also a problem at checkout, they had the reservation in the wrong first name. I have no idea what happened because on the reservation I clearly entered my correct first name. They asked for ID and a credit card upon check in which clearly stated my first name.I don't think I'd stay here again.
1	This place tries to trick you out of every dime and amenity it can. Caveat Emptor!! Both Yelp! And local.com list several offers/ discounts offered by this hotel. I accessed their homepage through one of the discount ads on Yelp! The pictures did not match the room description so I called. I was assured that all suites contained a full kitchen...not just a mini fridge and microwave. I than reserved a King suite for two weeks requesting the special rate shown on the website. I was told itn was for online bookings only. I explained that the offer stated that I should access the coupon and show the screen to the clerk at check in. At check in, the clerk said I needed to show it to the manager who wasn't in until Monday..it was FRIDAY. When I went to my room, there was no full kitchen, it wasn't a suite. I went back to the desk and was told the only suite available was one with 2 queen beds. Trying to be nice, I accepted the substitution. On Monday I stopped at the desk and spoke to the manager. She informs me that not only is she not going to honor the discount but that I am being charged more than the regular rated for 2 people as I have been upgraded to a suite with 2 beds. I explained that atg check in I was given a room...not a suite as reserved and then reassigned to a 2 bed room as that was all that was available. A situation not to my liking but foisted upon me as a substitution with no mention of an increased rate. I pointed out that I am married and the idea of sleeping alone for 2 weeks was not ideal. I also pointed out that in addition, I was owed the 10% discount as well. She argued with me for over a half hour trying every excuse and rationale she could make up. I finally had to tell her about the poor service and substandard room condition I had been forced to endure from non working phones and TV remotes  to broken furniture and non working lights (3 out of 4) to no toilet paper, trash bags, trash removal, fresh towels or  dishwasher soap.Maintenance had come by once and not fixed anything.. got a dial tone but so much static couldn't hear anyone. Maids ran by and pretended not to understand us. Husband had to empty trash all weekend and buy supplies... am I home? After much arguing finally got the overcharged amount refunded and the discount applied. NOT the way to spend your vacation at all. After 6 days, things keep breaking daily, lights keep shorting out, couch is sitting on floor...no legs..and a broken board in the seat back sticks you when you lean back.Cushions so broken down, have to sit on pillows. Told we could switch rooms but not willing to waste more time moving stuff and cleaning another room. Oh yeah, forgot.. room was dirty..wine congealed on tables and all over phones. Booze spilled on dust ruffles. Dusty, greasy and smelly. If you can, go elsewhere. Anywhere else...please. also, Wifi so slow keeps timing out and have to sign on over and over.Speed= 1 Mbps. Tried to use "business center". The lone computer has a bootleg windows program..keep getting warning pop ups..that has no programs except for wordpad,couldn't open or read a single document or page without displaying the most annoying error message"AW Snap..need to reload". Couldn't print, not that there was any paper available.Managers wanted me to call tech support to fix...why? Do I work here? On my way back to my room, a maid tossed a large bag of trash over the 2nd floor railing and hit my cane knocking it out from under me and I fell. She didn't notice as she was to busy screaming at a maintenance guy. This morning I wake up with my face and neck red and blotchy...an allergic reaction to the industrial grade soap in the sheets and towels. Someone used too much and it didn't rinse out completely. When I ran some water over a towel, it sudsed up and bubbled soap. GREAT. Room supposed to be serviced every week, been ten days and no service. Called manager told. They'd be here... two days and several calls later, still no maids. When they run by they pretend not to understand you and smile and nod. Tired of lugging trash and using same sheets and having to lug towels to front desk for more. So much for handicapped friendly.
1	I planned a business trip to Phoenix during spring training.... Bad idea! My "go to" hotel was sold out along with every other moderately priced hotel I could find. By the time I found this place only a two queen bed suite was left. I should have kept looking....So where do I start....-the threshold was uneven which quickly introduced me to the floor....-Blood stain on the sheets-cigarette holes in the couch-they charge you for the terrible breakfast-the wifi was incredibly slowUnlike the reviews below I did not have any issues with management. There are better hotels at cheaper prices. For this quality of hotel I might as well stayed at a Motel that charged hourly....
2	Has average rooms for a cheap hotel with poor customer service. I've stayed here 3 times while in Tempe for work. Wi Fi signal is weak if you can pick it up. When I let the front desk know about the Wi Fi I was asked if I had called to have it fixed. What? Have I called? And this is the only hotel I've stayed in that charged for breakfast. $3.50 for some scrambled eggs and coffee. Bottom line - if it's late at night and you just need a room to sleep in stay here - if you're looking for a place to stay with amenities such as Wi Fi, breakfast, vending machines that work and customer service go else where.
3	I can't say it's the best place I've stayed in but it was ok. Our room had a suite area with a sofa and fridge so the entire room itself was pretty spacious. But the bathroom was very small! It was nice that the sink was outside so someone could use it if someone else was in the bathroom. I didn't spend much time there so I don't have any complaints.
1	Disgusting! Ended up having to switch rooms and even the second room was awful. Canceled reservation and went somewhere else.
1	I wouldn't recommend anyone stay at this Low Quality Suites. I started to stay there, but couldn't finish. Not wouldn't. Couldn't! I was able to check in, unpack, shower, change and head to a football game at ASU. That's when my stay ended and some other dude's stay began.When I returned from the football game my room key wouldn't work, so I went and told the front desk attendant. The manager came over and for 5 minutes they looked at their computer together, at me (separately) and then back at the computer to share a WTF moment. When they found the courage, they advised me that they had mistakenly rented the room to someone else. The manager apologized and said he could give me a free room upgrade and proceeded to check me in. I said I wanted to get my things out of the room first.I went with the manager to my/our room. The manager tried the key, but couldn't get in. The door was apparently barricaded. He tried calling the room and either didn't get an answer or didn't like the answer. He knocked on the door and said, "This is the manager", but the person inside just knocked back. We shared a WTF moment. I wanted my stuff, so I called the police. I waited outside while the Tempe police went in and talked to the manager, sharing a WTF moment. The police were finally able to get my roomie to open the door and let me in to collect my things, although he resisted a bit. Seemed to be a homeless man who thought he'd made a big score. Denied. My belongings in hand, the manager again offered to put me in a "nicer" room. He understood when I told him what he could do with his "nicer" room. Aside from the horror, the problem with the Low Quality Suites is that it is a motel-type property being passed off as a 2-star hotel on travel sites. Read the previous negative reviews. All of those complaints apply, and when you add an incompetent staff that double books a room and then doesn't know how to resolve the problem, I feel obliged to leave my first ever feedback online about a hotel. I hope nobody else has to go through that.
5	Very good location to Old Town Scottsdale and great prices.  Very friendly staff.  Have been coming to Spring training for 6 years and I won't stay anywhere else.
4	We make an annual trip to Scottsdale Az for Spring Training and have been staying here the past 4 years.  Rooms are very spacious and very clean.  Only a short cab ride away from old town scottsdale and nobody can compete with their rates.  When we come down here, we're not vacationing to stay in our room all wknd so I dont get the negative reviews regarding this place.  It's not a Hyatt but for $70 a nt for a suite thats kept up, clean and includes free wifi, u cant go wrong.  Highly recommend this place especially if you're headin to the dessert for some spring baseball.The only downside is they have a shuttle that apparently is never in service because apparently there's always something wrong with it. For that reason had to take one star away.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars, I would.  It was absolutely horrible. The worst hotel I've ever had the misfortune to book.  I was set to stay here for one night after booking on Priceline and getting a pretty good deal.  They forced me into a smoking room telling me they had no other rooms available.  I went the room and found it to be completely lacking in maintenance.  There were holes in the couches and chairs, the doors were broken, the front door was out of square and there were large gaps between the door and frame at the bottom, the shutters were broken and the room smelled so badly of smoke that after 15 minutes, I was nauseous and had to leave.  I simply could not stay there.  I went to the front desk and told them I was checking out and why and the clerk looked at me vacantly and told me they had no other rooms.  I again told him that was why I was checking out after 15 minutes in my room.  No apologies or offers of refunds for a completely unacceptable room - he just said "oh."Room was shabby, dirty and smoke ridden and the staff was not at all helpful or apologetic.  I wouldn't stay here if they paid me!
1	This place doesn't deserve that one sad star.  It is, without a doubt, the most disgustingly neglected and poorly run hotel I have ever seen.The visit started off on the wrong foot with the front desk employee telling us our reservation came in as smoking instead of non smoking, but that "not to worry" because they "aired our rooms out." Clearly another guest had refused to stay in these rooms and he was trying to push them on us. Not the best customer service. Once we got to the room, I fully understood what we had gotten ourselves into: the smell hit me abruptly. It reeked like someone's chain smoking grandmother's house and the door was wide open. While my husband checked to see that no unsavory characters lurked in the bedroom, I observed a filthy carpet, a dilapidated couch with numerous suspicious stains and an A/C unit with cigarette burns and ash all over it. The coverlet on the bed had what looked like blood stains and I have seen cleaner gas station bathrooms than the one in this "suite".We found another hotel, booked it, then asked for our money back from this dump. The front desk employee told us he would take care of it. When we called the website we booked with, they told us no one had contacted them. We followed up with the employee and he told us we had to call them ourselves, so we called back. The website said the hotel was responsible for issuing a refund. Finally a manager got involved and handled it, but it seems as though Quality Suites will do whatever they can to keep your money, including lying to your face. Reading reviews across the internet, we definitely aren't the only people who have had this experience. Save yourself the trouble and avoid this $h!thole.
3	If you need a long term place to stay and cannot afford to pay much over a thousand dollars then this place is decent. If you don't like your room you can ask to see other rooms. Some are better then others. The rooms have a regular area and then a separate room for the bedroom. Some of the rooms have a small kitchen area..they all have refrigerators. I found the regular rooms better then the long term stay rooms, they were cleaner. I was staying long term so i just went to walmart and got a toaster oven and a little grill. The people at the front desk are fine. The rooms are clean enough. The place is decent and was much better then extended stay that i had to leave after a week because it was a crack house. I preferred Quality Suites over Extended Stay. Also, i understand the job of cleaning a toilet is a horrible job, but the cleaning ladies were not that nice. They were downright mean at some points. But i understand their job sucks. The inside of the hotel is nice with a courtyard with grass, trees and a pool area. The hotel allows pets so if you have a pet they are pet friendly. The location is close to downtown scottsdale which is were i went at night to walk around. If you are thirsty in the middle of the night, they have a convenience store right next door. All in all i would stay there again, although i would try to avoid the cleaning ladies. They may try to kill me or something. Just kidding..not.
2	Here we go.... I checked in 3 hours early with no problems. The lady was nice. Her name tag said she was the manager.  Although i don't remember her name. This hotel used to be some kind of apartments I think? My room is what would be considered a 1 bedroom apartment. So the size is good. The room is clean and the furniture appears to be clean and in good condition.  After reading other reviews I pulled back the sheets to check the bed / mattress. Looks good. Doesnt smell or have stains. So check in /customer service and room I give 1 star each. There were some crackie looking tranny ladymen hanging out in the parking lot when I parked my truck. They had about 4 or 5 suitcases. Maybe they're checking out? They are still out in the parking lot. By my truck. Im not impressed about that. Now. I have been here a couple hours. I have noticed a few undesirables / suspect looking people walking around. This place is not far from the freeway and I am 97% sure the guy asking for change at freeway exit was also walking around this hotel. My "neighbors" have been in and out of their room a few times an hour since i got here. As I am writing this there is some kind of banging going on outside. I will have to investigate. ( hope its not the crackies banging up my truck ) Nope, it was a maintenance man making that ruckus.  Over all I definitely wont stay here again. Mainly for the people just strolling around here and hanging out in the parking lot for hours. If they got some sort of security patrol it would be a step in the right direction.
1	Had stayed here several other times with no issue, but recently the property has completely gone down hill. Whatever you do, do not stay here. The place is old, dirty and in general disrepair, a magnet for homeless transients, people selling drugs, having hotel parties, etc. PLUS IT'S INFESTED WITH BED BUGS!!! STAY AWAY!!! Gross. Paid for two nights and left with in a little of checking out, refused a request to move to another room or any apology/explanation, did not receive any refund. Reported to county health services. This place should be shut down.
