5	After calling a couple auto body shops in Chandler, I finally decided to go with Drew Brothers Customs. The owner is very knowledgeable and friendly. I knew that he wouldnt charge me for extra parts I didnt need. I plan on using them again. Best in Chandler, az!
5	This is the best auto body shop I've ever been to.  They could not be any nicer and generous to you.  They genuinely care about you and treat you like a friend or family member.  I had been sideswiped and had deep cuts/scratches/marks all along the side of my car and front bumper.  They took me right away and insisted on immediately taking my car in the back to buff out the marks on the side of my car - for free!  They were very fast and all marks/scratches of any kind were completely gone and the side looked brand new.  They do have to replace the front bumper, but are eagerly working with me to come as close to my deductible as they can.  They will also take me as soon as next week with only a couple days work.  I highly recommend you go to Drew Brothers, and only Drew Brothers, for anything you need done to your car.
5	I have been to Drew Bros three times for my own vehicle and twice for the company car.  All experiences have been extremely positive, helpful, fair and quick.  This is a business that runs like you'd like all businesses to work.  Bravo Drew Bros.!
5	Drew Brother's sets the standard when it comes to customer service and integrity. They've repainted two of my vehicles and fixed fender benders on three others. Its truly a privilege doing business with such a professional group of people. Thanks DBC!!!!
5	So happy I found this place. Had them fix my truck after getting pounded by a hail storm. Truck came out better than new. Thanks for the great service!!!
5	After a fender bender in a parking lot they made my car good as new.  The paint was matched and blended perfectly, the dents were removed, and the body lines restored to factory condition.  I would happily recommend their work.
5	Customer service starts with a call and that's why I am giving 5* I did call a few body shops in my area asking them about my small repair for my 2006 Mustang, I was pulling out of my garage and my mirror popped off. I was beside myself because the drivers mirror is used all the time. Safety is important.So with Drew Brothers, I sent them two pictures one of the mirror and vend # got a price and we agreed to drop it off in the morning.Walking into the shop I felt very comfortable, friendly people and very clean. I also said I will need to call a cab. With a response no need we will be glad to give you a ride home.So I paid in advance $150.00 for parts and labor. Awesome price my husband and his buddies said it be $300.00 at least!Note I am in service business too and was booked with clients all day. So not knowing I could be back when they closed I said leave the key in the car.Once again they offered to deliver my car! They did arrive at my business at 4:00 with my car cleaned and shiny inside out. Even my coffee cup I used that morning.To top it off the girls noticed my left tail light was out and said they would be gladly to put a new one in! I said thank you my husband said he was going to do it. (He did)Yes this is the place for me and all my friends too.
5	Drew Brothers has done work on several cars for us and we've had them perform full restorations on two cars as well. The work is always done with a level of care and attention to detail not found elsewhere. On top of that, the prices are fair. I have and will continue to recommend Drew Brothers to anyone looking for anything from basic body work to full restorations!
5	My truck got backed into and my back door got dented - hit and run. After looking around to different body shops, Drew Brothers came recommended by a couple friends. All of the staff here were really friendly and helpful. They explained the different options that I could do and answered all my questions. I got my truck back today and was very pleased with the outcome.  Highly recommend this place to anyone!  Thanks for the great job!
