5	Most def NOT Ikea in pricing but, great inspirations for a new house.Roomate got our tables and chairs and benches here. Got new duvet covers here for $40 on sale. Not-too-bad.
4	I am a cheapo with modern/mid-century modern furniture sensibilities.  My house is as barren as my womb (j/k...I think...also, that was probably TMI...) and West Elm has helped me tremendously in filling it out.  They have some nice, trendy stuff along the lines of IKEA -- but with better quality.The best time to go is during the floor sample sales where I've scored tables, chairs, and accessories at 50-75%. They also have sales on in-stock stuff regularly, just be on the lookout.Also, if you get the credit card, you'll get design dollars for every dollar you spend.  Thus, if you spend $250, you'll get a gift card in the mail for $25.  Or, if you spend over $750, you can get no interest for 12 months. A good bet for those in need of mass quantities of furniture. Like me!
1	While living in Michigan I had always received the catalog for West Elm but was unsure of the quality of their products and was just too leery on purchasing anything.  Basically West Elm catalog just became a wish list for me. Imagine my surprise when I found out that a West Elm store was located about 9 miles away from my new home in Henderson, Nevada! I could not wait to explore the store and actually buy stuff!! On my lunch hour today I decided to take a quick trip around the store.  I was very impressed and they seemed to have a ton of sales.  I definitely would need longer than a lunch hour to shop around this store.  While I was there I found some diffusers that smelled amazing and were $22.00 plus an extra 20% off.  I did wonder how long they usually last but noticed that the only employee that I could find in the store had become some woman's personal shopper.  I waited patiently for about 10 to 15 minutes but the employee never once looked at me or acknowledged me at all.  I just figured that maybe this diffuser would last about the same as all the other diffusers I have purchased in the past which were always about 6 months.  I walked up to the check out and of course when you are on a time restraint there is never anyone available it seems....I waited patiently and still no one came.  Finally the employee that had become a personal shopper arrived and proceeded to check out his customer never once calling for additional assistance, I just waited there with my lunch hour quickly coming to an end.  Finally another employee came up and checked me out, never once apologizing for the time I stood there waiting for even ANYONE to acknowledge me let alone ring me up.....to this point not even one employee even gave me any eye contact or so much as said hello to me.....when she gave me the total she stated that it was $24.00 and some change, I then thought I read the sticker price wrong and maybe it was $29.00 and some change so I just paid and left.   Hours later when I arrived home from work I set up the diffuser and just before I threw the box into the recycling I noticed that in fact the price was $22.00 and some change and I had been charged full price.  I contacted the store and the gentalman that answered, I cannot remember his name, told me since I paid with cash I could come back to the store and he would adjust the price and give me back the change....again since this was a mistake on their end, he never once apologized for the inconvenience.  When I arrived at West Elm....AGAIN....ONLY 1 employee on the floor and a handful of customers wondering aimlessly around the store looking for assistance and again the only employee was playing personal shopper to one person.  Do not get me wrong, it is amazing to know that if you have A-BAZILLION questions and look like you can afford to shop there these employees will bend over backwards and jump through hoops of flames to do everything they can to help you, but if you are wearing a pair of shorts and a tanktop that shows off some of your tattoos they will not even see that you exist!!  I waited at the counter for about 10 minutes again, an employee walked by pushing a cart and not once did he even look at me or say hello or someone will be right with you in a moment, nothing!!  He just walked by me with blinders on and pretended that I did not exist......there was an older gentalman waiting to purchase some items that was ahead of me, I am not sure how long he was there but I decided to look around for someone to assist the older man and myself.  Finally Barry came around the corner and asked what he could do for me, not once did he apologize for the wait, never once did he say hello, he just wanted to know what I needed.  I explained that the other guy was ahead of me.  He took care of him and came back to me.  I noticed that he had an ear piece in and that he could have radioed to someone to help me while he helped the old guy but whatever it was being taken care of so I was semi happy.  After explaining what happened Barry seemed VERY annoyed that I was asking for the price adjustment and refund.  As he started to enter stuff into the computer I had noticed a wine rack that was made of wood and I wanted to know if they had any other colors...he said NO those are the only colors....a second later he called it some wood something and I said "oh cool the other store had orange, lime green and white and they look identical to those"  with a bit of an attitude he did not even look at me but said sternly  "I am not talking to you"  I noticed he was talking on the ear piece...wow what a jerk I thought!!  He never told me to have a great day, never thanked me for coming in, etc, I just left feeling like I was a complete bother!!  Since I recently moved I do have many plans for my new place and West Elm was one of the places I wanted to fill my home with but after 2 visits with people like that I WOULD NEVER SHOP AT WEST ELM again!!!
4	Love this place! Its the perfect mix of modern and pretty. I bought an entire bedroom set from here 4 years ago and its still in amazing condition. They have awesome chandeliers too, that will be my next purchase :) Located in Green Valley its really easy to access. They're all over California as well. If your in the market for furniture I would highly recommend this place.
1	Ok so I decided that I should just contact cooperate concerning how I was treated and how the other customers were being ignored as well.  They took my complaint and informed me that the store manager would contact me back.  She did, and I found out her father was from my city back in Michigan. She was mortified to hear how I was treated and informed me that is why she was transfered from California, to change the way the staff interacted with their customers. Because of my hassle she told me she would send over some in home specialist to help me with my bedroom and give me ideas and have a lot of stuff to show me.  When they arrived, they arrived later than the appointment I set up, by like 3 hours.  They also did not have anything prepared and came equipped with an out dated catalogue and a tote bag full of wood chips to show colors.  They noticed that I had the current catalogue which they did not even have in the store yet and basically let me do all of the talking, when they left, I still did not know what to do with my room and to top it all off they STOLE my new catalogue! WTF?!  SERIOUSLY?!!  LOL how pathetic!  Screw you West Elm!!
4	Im surprised that there aren't more home furnishing stores around Vegas. Where's Crate and Barrel, CB2, Jonathan Adler, hell even Ikea? Fortunately there if you look a little harder you'll find what you seek. Being new to Vegas the Mr and I were in desperate need of home furnishings for our new place, in comes West Elm.. we've shopped at West Elm many times in Scottsdale and have had a mixed bag of service though the products were always top notch. This location (located behind the Green Valley location of Cheesecake Factory) has only been amazing when it comes to customer service. All have been helpful and hardworking. So we bought rugs, lighting and an entertainment center. The entertainment center was delivered with a few chips in the finish but within 1 phone call they picked they picked it up and brought us a new one. Now that's great customer service!While our place is getting there it's going to be a work in progress for quite some time. Im happy that there's a West Elm here, it really fits our style.
4	After a tireless search for a dinning table like Goldilocks, it was just right, is here and where it was found...We have a certain style and likes as everyone does and were looking for just the right piece to make our home more of a home.  We got lucky and we saw they had a sale on certain things including dinning tables.  We looked online and had one in mind and came over to look in person, so glad we did.  It turned out the one we thought we wanted had a few things about it we questioned for our future so we looked at our second choice and it was  just right.  We loved it so much I will be purchasing our chairs here as well.  The really nice helpful girl (got our order it was not in stock special ordered)  she was so helpful to the point of how to care for our unique table in the future to ease our mind.  We also had our eye on a lamp on the floor she answered our questions and pointed us in another direction for our purchase.When we got the call our table was in ( you can have it delivered if you do not have access to a vehicle to pick it up yourself for a nominal fee) we came out and the people that helped us again were so nice!  Our lamp will be delivered to our home because it was not in stock so no delivery fee for that one.  They loaded it up and we were on our way.The whole experience after much trouble in looking and finding the right piece and style, this place made it worthwhile.  The staff is helpful but not overwhelming and answer questions without pushing.  If you look and keep your eye on or get the mailers in your email they do offer quite good sales and discounts often.  I will be back!
4	I have had mixed experiences at West Elm.  Most of them have been great, some of them not so great.  Like the time I stood at the front check out waiting for someone to acknowledge me for a few minutes.  One particular associate is super friendly and helpful, I can't recall her name, but she has gone above and beyond for me several times I was in the store.  Have you called their customer service line?! Incredible service!  I ordered some curtains and due to a glitch in the website, I received the incorrect ones.  I called the 800 number and the curtains were no longer on sale after I received them.  The associate told me she would have to charge my card for the full amount but would credit me back some money and give me the sale price.  She asked for my phone number and said she would call me the following day when it was done.  I thought to myself, yeah right, I have heard that one before.  To my surprise, she did call the next day to inform me she had credited back some money on my card!  And the best part, she spoke great English and I understood every.single.word.  That is hard to find these days.  Huge thumbs up for West Elm.  I only took off a star due to my mixed experiences in store and the fact that some of their stuff is way too over the top contemporary for me and pricey.  I think they also offer a free in home design service as well. They do offer a military discount, so if you are military, be sure to ask for it!
4	I had no clue what West Elm was until last week. I wanted a get a really 'poofy' comforter and Vanessa recommended this place. We showed up right at The District and I thought to myself, "thats a cool building!... and it looks kinda expensive.."...and it was!But the stuff here is really cool. West Elm looks like place built on nice things for your bed room. Similar to Pottery Barn, and not as modern as CB2. I'd imagine soccer moms hit up this place after Williams & Sonoma. But all of their furniture, and home goods look  unique and are pretty high quality.Looking around at the bedding, I was kinda amused by the $100+ pillows, the displays looked great but were made up of hundreds of dollars worth of bedding. The staff was nice, I expected them to be pretentious but the lady helping us was great and found exactly what I was looking for. In the end I got my comforter, it was what I wanted though cost more than I thought. I do believe you get what you pay and West Elm satisfied my quest for the poofy comforter.
5	Jen is the BEST. West Elm offers complimentary in-home consults and I hit the jackpot with Jen... She came prepared with fabrics that matched my style via questions she asked me over the phone and a measuring tape and got down to business (literally down on the floor measuring every nook and cranny). My new and awkwardly shaped living room proved no feat for Jen... Two couches, a coffee table and one sophisticated-funky fresh area rug later, I'm still going back to Jen to get her opinion on non-West Elm pieces (she plays well with others) and end up buying more because she still remembers my space and each piece I bought for the living room. Her recommendations continue to be spot on. I definitely keep coming back to this location because of the amazing modern pieces and people like Jen!
4	I love West Elm... what girl doesn't.  Great bedding, throw pillows, ok everything!This is a very large store, but it doesn't seem to have several designs that are on the website.  I know most of the West Elm stores only get certain designs, but for the size of this store I wish they had a little more. I noticed that they have items on sale online from my email, but it doesn't always translate to the same price in their store.  Staff is super friendly and very helpful!  I'm so thankful Las Vegas has West Elm... I had a mini panic attack when I realized there was no Crate and Barrel.The is the one of the best places in Vegas to shop for home decor.
4	I love West Elm. Most would think differently because of the prices (and I don't blame them) but you're honestly paying for the quality of the products.I love the varietal when it comes to the accessories. This store is all about quality and the selection that comes along with it is amazing. Their online store offers a lot more items than the store itself so be sure to check them out there or even on Wanelo (smartphone app).I used to suffice with items from Target since I'm quite the bargain queen but places like West Elm steers you differently since you can tell the difference between the felt (and quality) of their products. I can't stress the word enough. Even though you might be dropping big bucks on household items, just remember that you wouldn't have to replace them as often as you would with cheaper alternatives.
4	I am absolutely obsessed with West Elm! I finally purchased a dining table that I had been eyeing for a while and am so happy with it. It looks absolutely perfect in my dining room. Giving four stars because my experience was not by any means perfect. My first sales girl went to check on something for me and never came back. Come to find out she moved onto helping someone else while I sat and waited. The next sales girl that approached me and helped finish my purchase was nice enough so I went ahead with my transaction.The reason this review is four stars and not 3 for average is actually due to the associate that helped me load the table during pick up. I believe her name was Shanella? She was so nice and really took extra time into helping us, for a good 20 minutes, figure out how to squeeze everything into the back of my car and not once looked annoyed or bothered by us. She turned an average experience into a really memorable one. I will definitely return soon!
