4	Nice store -- with a fine selection of furnishings.  The place is smaller -- and quite dark -- but the selection of nice, quality sofas make this place worth it.  If you want quality -- come here.  The salespeople are pretty good at not pushing too hard, which is a big plus.  If you are driving on Spring Mountain, it's kinda set back from the street -- so its easy to miss.  Anyway, go for the sofas!
3	I was at Macy's in Meadows Mall and figured there would be a larger kitchen selection here. I really wanted to see some good cast iron dutch ovens, however they only had one kind here. Even the one in the mall had 3 of them. We were also looking at stock for particular knife sets and hot water pots (with temperature control) to steep teas. We left empty handed since they did not carry any of the particular ones I wanted to see and consider getting. It's a good place, however it doesn't stock always what you'd see on Macys online.
4	I love Macy's Home Store...they have wonderful home good products; everything from kitchen wears to luggage to furniture to linens.  I've always gotten good deals.  It's fun to walk around the entire store to get ideas for your own home.  Sales people have always been helpful and aren't into pressure sales.  Semi random location considering it's located in Chinatown.  However, it's easy to get to off of Spring Mt. and Arville.I've only had 1 bad experience here with an employee, who didn't speak English and didn't know how to complete an exchange.  Thankfully there was a manager who was able to fix everything and we left happy.  I'll definitely be back for their next sale for some sweet Hotel Collection Linens!
2	This place really doesn't have much selection.  At all.  I guess I expected a store this large that carries JUST home goods to have, well, more home goods.  There is just a lot of empty space.  Maybe I got my hopes up to see something unique or different.  But really, when I visited, it was the same stuff you can find at my local Macy's... just more of each particular item.  Boo.  I wanted to like this.
4	This store gets a hi rating because if u are in pain & a product they have helps, you are more than grateful.  So Macy's gets a halo.  I would give them 5 stars if I wasn't so grumpy (from aches & pains from someone rearending me) but it's not a perfect world.  I was looking for a lumbar support since sitting hurts...A lot.  The memory foam lumbar support they had was not only on sale but also firm.  When or if you drive over a speed bump or a pothole, that really jars your neck & back.  You feel despondent.  I rightly set out to find the support which definitely helps.  Try it  even if your back pain is from some other inciting event if you haven't prior.  Everyone I've let use it is astounded at the difference even if they have no pain or problem.
2	When I bought my first bedroom set, too many years ago, there were so many furniture stores and so many quality brands to choose from.  Not any more.  With apologies to my Asian friends, the Asian invasion of Cheap has taken over.  Now most furniture is made in Viet Nam or China, with poor craftsmanship, but still with relatively high prices. Oh, I guess you can still find quality, if you want to spend $12,000.  We don't.After striking out at the few remaining free-standing furniture stores, but skipping known crapola joints like Ashley's, we headed to Macy's Home.  If I hadn't noticed the store casually while driving past it one night, we never would have found it, since we were coming from the opposite direction this time, and the store is well-set back in its unusual Chinatown location.  Also, it was nighttime and the store was not lit up at all; it looked like it was closed.To its credit, we were helped immediately by a very knowledgeable saleswoman, Rochelle, who spent a good amount of time with us.  She showed us everything available in the contemporary style we were looking for, but as I suspected, the prices - even "on sale," (and I use the term loosely, since that stuff is always "on sale,") were too high for the shoddy workmanship of the products.  I guess the concept of Dove-Tailed drawers went out with Noah's Ark.So I will wait until the set I've been looking at on Costco's website goes on sale, and then I'll get my dove-tailed drawers.
5	Called this Macy's after the bad experience at the Macy's in the Meadows Mall.  The lady on the phone was very polite and helpful and even told us the item we were looking for was going to be on sale the next day.  We had bought some of the items off a wedding registry at other stores (they were much cheaper) and she said they could take them off as long as we showed proof (to ensure the couple really did get what they wanted).  We went here and the lady we talked to on the phone was not there but she told the lady working there all about our situation and they took care of marking the items as purchased on the registry and we got the other item on sale.  We will be back here for sure - customer service is so important - I hope Macy's in Meadows Mall learns a lesson.
4	If you can get past the musky smell of the building when you first walk in (and doesn't go away) then this is a good place to go shopping.We were looking for a reading chair & ottoman and have hit up every furniture place in the city before coming here.  We were approached my a nice woman who showed us around and we ended up purchasing a nice chair and having an ottoman custom made with the same fabric.It took about 3 weeks for the chair to be delivered and the delivery guys were great (shoe protectors, white gloves and very careful) with your new furniture.  It took about 5-6 weeks for our ottoman to come in.  We weren't home when it was delivered, but the legs were uneven.  So I called Macy's customer service and they arranged for a company to come out the following week to fix it.  No problem!From the service to delivery to the fixing of the furniture- everything was top-notch.Now if they can get rid of the musky, old smell inside the store, I would bump it up to 5 stars!
3	When I first moved to Vegas, I purchased a majority of my bedding from this Macy's location. I haven't been back in a while and I figured I'd see what they had to offer. The store is well-organized and clean. I also found that they had a large selection to peruse through. I was looking through the sheets and bedding and was a little disappointed by the lack of customer service. I don't like high-pressure sales, but I also don't enjoy having to flag down a sales person when I need something. It took a while to locate some and they seemed more interested in personal conversations than helping me locate sheets and a duvet. Once I got their attention they were helpful, so I won't hold it against them too much.The store is just ok and I still like this location but more times than not I walk our empty-handed as I did this time.
4	We visited this store last night, seeking a new sofa. Natalia in furniture assisted us and she was so very helpful and pleasant to work with. Purchasing a sofa is not a quick decision-making process. Natalia was very patient with us, and we felt she truly had our best interests at heart. She took the time to clearly explain the process and what to expect next.The store itself is older, and I took off one star because it really needs a makeover/overhaul. We were very pleased, as always, with the Macy's store policies on shipping, cancelling orders, etc. We loved that the funds are not actually taken from our account until the furniture is actually available and being shipped. We understand the sofa should take about 8 weeks to arrive to us. Because of the quality of the furniture, the service from Natalia, and the store's ethical policies, we feel it is best to be patient and have the confidence our order is truly being taken care of and that Macy's will stand behind their promises. Natalia also pointed out that perhaps in the next 8 weeks the price might drop - she will check for this and adjust the price for us - so we will always lock in the lowest sale price. What a generous policy!Natalia even walked outside with swatches and a sofa pillow, so that we could see the color in natural sunlight. She really went above and beyond.If you're looking for a safe, quality furniture-buying experience, please try this Macy's home store. You can also call and ask for Natalia. She has ten years of furniture experience.Also, we had viewed some of the sofas online in just a random Google images search, and that is what drew our attention to Macy's. We were actually impressed that the prices were not has high as we feared - we were a bit intimidated, so it was not a store we had considered. It is so nice to have confidence in the quality of what you are purchasing, rather than looking only at the dollar amount and receiving disposable furniture in return. We've already told others about the selection, quality, and service!
1	Worst. Macy's. Ever. I've been a loyal Macy's customer for years. When I moved to Las Vegas 8 months ago I was hoping to continue to be one. Not gonna happen. This store is a joke. It smells weird, is dark, has a ridiculously poor selection of everything, and sales people who could not care less. Huge disappointment.
3	Just a tip for everyone, this Macy's only sells home products, it does NOT sell any clothes whatsoever even though the yelp description says this location does - it does not. I drove to Macy's today to get a suit and this one was the closest to my house. I arrived and noticed that the sign is brown instead of the traditional red and it just looked different from the outside. I walked into the store and all around the store just to confirm that they do not sell any clothes. All they sell is furniture, towels, kitchen items, etc....If you want clothes, don't go to this location.
5	I have returned to Macy's buy another sectional.  Thankfully, Myron still works there.  He helped me buy furniture there 3 years ago.  Macy's doesn't know how lucky they are to have him!  I wouldn't shop there if Myron didn't work there.  His customer service, passion for excellence, and knowledge of the products and services Macy's has is incredible.  Ask for Myron, and he will give you the service you deserve!
1	The ladies that are on the kitchen appliances seem like they work on commission or sales .. They were all nice and everything when I need help choosing things , but once we had a problem at the register they all scattered like roaches .. Nobody was around to resolve the problem I guess the sale didn't matter then .. Very very disappointing since this is the closes store next to my city .. Even one of the girls was giving me a dirty look for not going with her for the sale.  Whatever Happen to good ol customer service..
