5	I haven't actually been to the Regent Square location of Ambience, so this is more directed towards the Oakmont store.I love this place. I love it. It's gorgeous, high-quality [sometimes designer!] clothing that's so cheap it's ludicrous. And! All the profits go to a women's shelter! What more can you ask of a consignment shop?I daresay nothing. Go, shop, support.
5	I am also reviewing the Oakmont location since I have yet to visit the Pittsburgh store. I have consigned with this store, it has a nice selection and the employees are pleasant to work with. Check it out.
4	I decided to visit the reagent square location after reading the great reviews on here and i wasn't disappointed. Parking was relatively easy to get (Tuesday afternoon). The store is well organized not too overwhelming like most thrift/vintage stores. They carried alot of Jcrew, Ralph Lauren, Ann Taylor stuff...cashmere cardis, blazers blouses etc.  But they also carried a range of  high end stuff, i spotted 2 Oscar de la Renta sweaters, some St Johns blazers, a Prada bag. They also carry some vintage jewelry, scarves and handbags. If you take the time to go through the racks you will definitely score some unique HIGH QUALITY , no funky smells goodies.As far as their prices i noticed that average price was 23-35 and the major designer stuff was between 60-100.They also have a sales rack at the back (was 75% off when i was there).  I knocked off one star because i thought the prices were abit higher than i'm used to in Denver (esp on the jewelry)  I walked out with a vintage (60's) Pucci dress($88) in perfect condition and an Adrienne Vittadini sweater ($17).  All profits go to a women's shelter which means minimal buyers remorse...hell yess!!!
5	It's amazing!  I'm a thrifter and a film buff but in all the years I've had a Screenie pass to the Regent Square Theater, I've never been here.  I've always been promising myself I'd stop in here sometime.  So f-i-n-a-l-l-y I was able to get my butt in here & do some serious thrifting.Ambiance Boutique is not like any other thrift store.  They don't sell crap here.  You won't find any Kmart knock off brands.  And if you take a close look at their website, you'll notice they are v-e-r-y picky about what they accept http://www.ambianceboutique.org/html/documents/consignment.pdf http://www.ambianceboutique.org/html/faq.htmlBut this totally benefits the consumer.  You'll find a lot of great high end, gently used brands here.  You'll also find that this store is clean 'n' bright, well organized, and the sales staff here really knows their stuff.What's truly wonderful about Ambiance is it's part of Bethlehem Haven.  Bethlehem Haven is an organization that provides services to homeless women, giving them housing and teaching them life skills in order to be self sufficient.  I'm all about vintage wear, thrifting, and reusing still-viable goods.  And if by doing so I'm supporting a valuable charity, so much the better.Well the upshot was I didn't quite find what I was looking for.  I wanted some spring and summerwear, particularly sundresses and halter tops.  But I came away with a nice gently used Michael Kors brown leather bag and a sweet men's Polo button down shirt.  No, it's not for Rick.  It's for me!  Hmmmm--might be for me to wear for Rick!
2	I am updating my review of the Oakmont store after my last experience consigning there. The store employee happily accepted all of my items- until the next day when I received a call that the owner rejected half of the items. This was the third time I consigned with Ambiance in Oakmont, and I only offered items that I thought were in excellent condition from high end retailers; even though I have seen brands in the store from Charter Club for example (Ambiance says they do not accept them in the consigning agreement). The employee was very apologetic and she said that she stood by her assessment that the items were of good quality, but the owner (who she seemed upset with) disagreed. So, get your stuff together Ambiance owner and either train your employees better, or only accept items yourself so that you do not inconvenience potential customers like me. Surprisingly, I did not receive the same return on this set of consigned items; not sure if that is coincidence or not.
