5	Bob and his family have been at this for a long time and are the best in the business. He is my family's go-to jeweler and has been for a long time. He's just that good. He has a huge supply of engagement rings, necklaces, Rolex watches and just about anything else you can imagine. I can't say enough good things about Bob and what he does.
5	Talk about a well-run business.  This is the type of jewelry store that you walk into and just feel welcome.  Their staff is more than knowledgeable on every single product that they have available.My parents have been customers for sometime now and I myself have now become a customer.  They will take care of you for years to come from the very minute that they walk in there.My family always deals with Lyndell when we go there and what a pleasant guy to talk to.  He certainly knows his stuff and will be more than happy to answer any questions that you have.  He made certain to even do the simple things such as give me extra cleaning cloths so that my purchase always looks in tip-top shape.This is a place where you certainly will be taken care of and nothing will be forgotten.
5	Knowledgeable, passionate and helpful.
5	My husband and I always have the best experience here.  The staff is very friendly and go out of their way to make you feel at home.  When we were shopping for rings they really took the time to sit us down and educate us on diamonds, with no pressure to buy there.  We are forever grateful, and so is my finger wearing my beautiful wedding ring :)
5	The team at Robert Wesley Jewelers that helped me marry my beautiful wife is first on my list. I worked with Bobby (Jr.) throughout my search for the perfect engagement ring and his dad was always available to give his stamp of approval when we made a decision.Bobby had the patience of a saint, considering 6 months passed from my first visit until we finally had the perfect diamond and setting. We first had several loose diamonds flown in and Bobby educated me on their differences. After a few visits we found a perfect diamond within my budget. Then the real challenge began. I was searching for a halo setting in yellow gold. Bobby emailed me each designer that they carried and we started with dozens of options and narrowed it down over the next several weeks. We found "the" setting at least 3 separate times until we finally brought in the female for a viewing. While I tried on a Rolex or two they directed my now wife to the rings and were able to find the setting she really loved.We had the perfect engagement ring and she of course said yes. After the engagement we were all able to work together on the wedding band. This was custom made so the diamonds went around the entire band but still matched the engagement ring perfectly. I have since worked with Bobby for a custom engraved gold pendant for a Christmas gift and a set of diamond stud earrings for my wedding gift. These guys are the best in the business for an engagement ring. There are no high pressure sales tactics, just a beautiful store with folks that truly have a passion for customer service. This has been family owned since inception, over 100 years under the same name. I am grateful for the relationship I have at Robert Wesley Jewelers and for my happy wife.
5	I needed an extra link for my Rolex band so I gave them a call. A week later my link came in and they installed it while I waited and refinished my band  for no additional cost. I'll be back for sure when I add to my collection.
