5	I've passed by prestige nails in walmart 100s of times but never really thought of having a pedicure there (even though they are always busy!) As I stared at my feet, long overdue for a pedicure, I thought it was about time to try them...since walmart rarely let's me down why should the nail salon inside?To my surprise I got a wonderful pedicure or $23 not too bad this day in age...my to mention it was just as good as going to the more upscale salon just across the street! I'm glad to be the first to review them they deserve it! Now if only they did facials at walmart and hair I'd be set!
5	This is a bit out of the way but I was pleasantly surprised.   They got us in very quick and did a nice job on the pedi.   Even the hub was pleased as she brought out the power sander (just kidding) to our dry dry feet.   The prices are competitive and the massage chairs were some of the best around.   The creative design on my toes was no challenge and turned out awesome.
1	I visited Prestige Nails & Spa on my birthday, excited for a Mani-Pedi treat for myself. I was not ready for my negative experience.... During my pedicure, my nail technician kept rubbing her boobs on my feet each time she had to lean over. Weird. I've gotten plenty of pedicures at different places & this has NEVER happened before.I agreed to get callous removal removal, and she pulls out a cheese-grater like device, also never seen this before. When she was finished, all she did to clean the instrument was rinse it in the same water my feet were soaking in...GROSS. I began to picture all the other feet it had touched without being properly sanitized. I was hounded to get a flower on my toes, by three people including my technician. I politely said "No thank you" each time but I should have said "No...I'm not 12."When it was time for my manicure, there were plenty of manicure stations open, but instead my technician decided to do my mani in the pedicure chair. I had to balance the bowl on the armrest that I was soaking my hands in. Not to mention having to be awkwardly twisted to one side the whole time.When she was finished, the paint was SO FAR from my cuticle it was embarrassing. Within two days 60% of my manicure was gone...also has never happened before.I considered to not tip her at all. When I went to pay, she saw cash in my wallet and said "You pay me in cash!" How presumptuous!! I said, "I wasn't planning to, can I just tip you on my card?" I feel that she pretended not to understand what I was saying and replied "I can get you change." The woman whom I asked for change from asked if I wanted two 10's. Yeah right. You're geting a $5 tip if you're lucky. She scoffed at my $5...I now wish I had not handed it to her. I WILL NOT be a returning customer.
1	This place is horrible!!! I gave this place a second chance because its close to home. Big mistake! Both times they hound u the whole time w upgrades going so far as to shake their heads & tell u how much u reeeeally "need" it. I told her 7 times I only wanted a basic pedi & was still told 3 more times I needed  my callus removed & 3 times how badly I needed a manicure. If they asked me one more time if I wanted f*#king flowers on my toes I was going to lose it! Also the massage was seriously less than 1 minute long! All i wanted was to relax for a few minutes! If i wanted to be bigges to death i would have taken the kids w me. Will be going elsewhere from now on.
1	Don't waste your time or money on this place. Yes its Wal-Mart, and believe me I've had plenty of complaints about this Walmart, but this place is pretty bad. I get that they need to upsell, but they are just unprofessional with bad costumer service. The cashier and waxer told me to bring cash next time and questioned the tip I gave her. You should never talk to a costumer like that! Well, they lost business from me and hopefully from a lot more people.The only good thing: the waxing does not hurt.
4	I had a good experience in this salon compared to what it seems that others have had.  I came here because I couldn't get into my regular place, and I needed my nails done for an interview.  I just wanted them to look decent, but they turned out very nice, and have lasted a long time.  The man who did my nails was very pleasant, and the other employees seemed nice, too.  I used a credit card without being questioned or hassled about it, but I did tip with cash -- I do that anyhow.   My nails turned out really nice and have lasted.  The place was clean, and the other customers seemed happy to be there also.  Maybe I just got lucky, but I didn't have any problems with the people or quality of service.  I would go there again.
1	This review is based on both me and my sister's experience with this nail salon. We have given them countless chances to redeem themselves, but have regretted each time that we go back. The main reason for trying out this salon was because it is so close to both us and conveniently located inside Wal-Mart. First off, prepare to be nagged and hassled to get upgrades and designs. Even after telling them you are on a budget or just want a simple pedicure or manicure. They NEVER stop! Almost to the point of begging. Once you absolutely refuse any upgrades, prepare to be snubbed and treated differently. Their famous saying is "Do you want line?" Don't do it!! Their so called "lines" design can be done by a 3 year old. It is not that great. Aside from wanting you to spend a ton of money, they will hurt you! My sister is cut almost every time she gets her nails done. Then after getting cut, the only compensation offered is a free design. Overall, ALL of the girls are terrible! They don't give good massages when giving pedicures and if you want both a mani and pedi, they will insist on doing it while you are in the pedicure chair, putting you in the most awkward and uncomfortable positions. The manager of the salon is also ALWAYS on the phone and just likes to micromanage her techs (they clearly get punished for not getting their clients to spend more money than intended). I do want to say the only positive is that there is one nice nail technician named "Tammy." Yes, his English name is Tammy. Lol. He is super nice and he never hassles you more than once for upgrades. However, everyone wants him, so he is rarely available. He does a great job and gives great pedicure massages too.  Bottom line is he is the ONLY good thing going for this Salon. DON'T waste your time!!
5	I love Prestige Nails.  It has been a great experience every time I have gone.  They are friendly and remember me, even if it has been a long time since I have been there.  I always tell the girls that I want something fun on my nails.  They get creative :)
5	I've been going to Prestige Nails for years. Since it's come under new management, Ellen and her team, have really done a great job at putting the customer first. If I ever have had a concern... all I've had to do was let the manager, Ellen, know. She's taken care of me every time. I've also seen her go above an beyond for other customers to make them comfortable. She's even referred me to another competing salon for a facial. That's service!The staff is friendly, clean, and skilled. The massages are the longest and most relaxing massages I've ever received during a pedicure service. I have no plans to ever go anywhere else and I tell all of my friends to stop here if they're in the area! I read some of the poor reviews and have to wonder if the disgruntled customer took the time to voice their concerns to the manager before taking to the Internet. It's amazing what voicing our concerns can do. Not only to help resolve a specific situation, but to guide employees in situations going forward.
4	Very friendly staff!I went in on my lunch break hoping they could give me quick gel mani. I waited for about 15 minutes (I did not have an appointment) and then Tom (maybe Tim?) did my nails. He was very timely and finished my gel manicure in about 10 minutes with high quality work. Gel mani was priced at $28 which is a little cheaper than most places seem to run so I was happy with the price. I plan to make this place my regular stop for biweekly manis since it's conveniently located near my new place of work. Recommend!
5	Owner and wife Tina gives the most perfect gel mani I have ever received! My nails always look like model hands when she's through and she is quick too!
