3	I use to stop in here once in awhile back in '05/'06 when I had caseload with some homes out in the NW Valley, at which point I would have rated it a 4 or 5 star.  Now that I have been relocated to our new Peoria office, I decided to swing by for lunch and give it a try again. Unfortunately, after my revisit I would now only rank it a 3 star, as my food tasted pretty much like any other decent Chinese restaurant.  I do admit I may be partially to blame, as for some reason I chose to order one of the most Americanized dish in Chinese/American cuisine, Lemon Chicken.  The chicken is done in the nugget style, not the whole breast sliced style like I generally prefer Lemon Chicken.  Although it was nugget style, the pieces were not grease and the quality of the chicken was good.  However, the sauce was pretty bland with very little citrus flavor. I did get the lunch combo. The fried rice, soup, eggroll and wonton were all decent with no heavy grease taste.  Portions were a little smaller than most Chinese places in the valley, but it was a good lunch for $5.25. I will probably revisit soon and give another dish a try.The service was great, they had my food out quickly and I was finished with lunch in about 40 minutes.  Lunch combos are $5.25-$6.25 and most diner entrees are $7-$10.  For Vegetarian/Vegan they have a few choices of the typical vegetable dishes found at most Chinese restaurants for about $7, but at lunch you'll have to ask for the dinner menu to order them.  Also, they are promoting their food as no MSG and low sodium, which with the smaller portion sizes probably makes this restaurant a slightly healthier choice for Chinese food.  If you are looking for a quick Chinese sit down or to go lunch at a good price in the NW valley, Golden Star is a good place to stop in.
5	This place was the best Chinese food I've found in the area. I ordered the vegetable fried rice and received a heaping portion with large chunks of vegetables. Yum. Everything tasted fresh, and seasoned well.Our waiter was polite and attentive throughout the whole meal and I felt very taken care of--which is abnormal for most Chinese restaurants. Am I right?He also brought us some complimentary freshly fried chips with sweet & sour sauce.The price was very reasonable. I will eat her many more times.
1	My last visit there ended in a total mess. I ordered pick up, the item i had problem with was the bean curd family style with vegetables, as the waiter seem to think it did not exist. So I had to point to him where that was on the menu. Once I did he said that must be a new item, it wasn't as I have ordered that every time I visited in the last 2 years.  His excuse was it was new to him as he had not seen the time in two years. After telling him the other items I had to re-point him to where the tofu dish was. I told him he should write the number down for that item, he explain the cook did not go off of that.When it was done they handed me a 4 item meal in one bag. Keep in mind I live about 20 - 25 minutes away. When I got home I found instead of tofu dish, I had a shrimp dish. I called them, and the waiter asked if i was sure it was wrong.  Just a hint tofu is square, shrimp is not. After making it clear the dish was wrong he told me he would have to find the cook to see if she would replace it. I decided I just wanted my money back on that item. That was until I went through the bag further.  The egg rolls were on the bottom of the bag soaking in fluids from the other meals. Unlike most Chinese take out these guys do not put it in boxes and bag it separately if it will leak,instead they put it in styrofoam. That was the last straw I decided I wanted a full refund.When I got there I had a replacement to my order, despite the fact I stated I wanted a refund on the phone. I also stated I wanted all of my money back as I showed them pictures from my iPad of what my meal looked like. First excuse was the guy was new, seriously three months should be enough time to know your job when handling orders. The worst part was it was my fault that fluids from my food leaked on everything according to the manager. I got my refund, but the manger does not understand what went wrong. Clearly I will not be going back again.
1	Out of business!
1	The original business closed down and was reopened by new owners, now calling it Jade Star Chinese Cuisine. Not sure how it was before but nothing here to bring me back. Here is a tip - do not order the fried wings. All (fish?) batter, not good all the way and floating in grease.
