4	Here is AZ we find it difficult to find authentic Mexican food, those types of place that look like they are going out of business but the line to place your order is at least  a 10 minute wait.  But you know the food is worth it.  This is one of those places, the food is authentic not fast food or Chipotle style food, real Mexican food.  The portions are generous and the menu is massive, they also serve breakfast all day.So if you are tired of Taco Bell, Chipotle, and the other places that try to make Mexican food, give this place a try.
2	Very similar to Filiberto's. Very small location with picture menu featuring all their combos...you know the usual suspects... 2 tacos w/rice n beans, or 1 enchilada with taco and rice n beans...get it? one downfall is that they don't have a salsa bar. If you want salsa you can grab some pre-packed lil containers of red salsa they have in this little fridge, but it's not the best. I prefer places with salsa bars where you can get jalepenos and carrots and a variety of salsas. Anyways, my hubby got the carne asada fries which were really good (how can you F#$% this up?) and I got a combo of cheese enchilada and bean tostada. The rice and beans beat Filibertos hands down, but the enchilada wasn't anything spectacular. This place is ok and I'll go back since it's right up the road from my casa.
4	I love this place because it's not run by teenage kids who don't care about customers, but rather by the same 2 or 3 adults whom I see there all the time. When I order my food I don't have some vapid 16 year old girl asking me if I want to super size it or asking me if I'd like to try their new suspicious food invention, and it's not gimmicky and they don't enter into promotional deals with children's movies that require them to stick a $0.03 plastic toy from China into my kid's meal. There is no blaring noise or beeping from automated taco frying machines or drive thru window speakers, and best of all there is no stupid character (no clowns, no roman emperors, no kings, no one wearing a ginormous round, white ball head) staring me in the face from a poster that was obviously designed by a Madison Avenue ad man with the intent to get me to buy more food or buy a piece of pie that comes in a box.What's more, their food doesn't taste like it's the product of a focus group at corporate headquarters that's trying to give me just enough flavor without having to spend too much on quality...no, instead it tastes like it is the result of a few people who know how to make delicious Mexican food getting together and saying, "Hey, let's make some good Mexican food and sell it". Plain and simple, you go in and order it, and they don't do anything except make it, stick it in a bag and tell you to have a nice day. No horror stories of the thuggish looking idiot kids who messed up your order, no agonizing decisions about whether or not to upsize or super upsize, no advertisements on the bag to assault your sub-conscious mind, and no little plastic toys from China to step on for 3 weeks until you manage to throw it away when your 7 year old isn't looking. Go there, eat it, you won't regret it. Two fisted, bare knuckled Mexican food in a plain white plastic bag...y que?
4	I'm so excited to find this place! I grew up in Oxnard, CA where the Mexican food is straight outta Mexico and you can find great authentic food on practically every corner.  So I'm happy to report that this place has awesome beans and rice (so many places make such bland beans) and wonderfully seasoned food.  I've only been here once so that's why I'm not giving them 5 stars yet, I'll report back after my next visit.  OH and I'm an avid chorizo breakfast burrito lover and theirs is delicious! They put potatoes in there (can't go wrong with potatoes) and I requested that beans be added in = YUMMY!
2	Meh....decent Filibertos knockoff but the place feels like a major health hazard considering how new it is.Just think Filibertos with less quality control and smaller portions.
4	Always had good, fresh food and friendly service. Their chicken tacos are some of the best I have ever had, and I will always be a customer because one time I ordered but had lost my debit card, and they still fed me and just told  me to come back the next day and pay. There are not many resteraunts or businesses that will do that anymore, and I was impressed.They also make a pretty good torta and the carne asada is pretty good. Cheap, fast, and yummy....
4	They have renovated and cleaned the place up recently.  The breakfast burritos are the best in the area.
4	Great local mexican place if you're out and about in Gilbert, and their Taco Tuesday is the best I've found...
4	It took a couple recommendations to get me to stop. Tucked in a strip mall, it's easy to overlook. However, I have to say the chicken taco plate rivals any of my fave hole in the wall Mexican places. The interior is a blend of repurposed Pick Up Stix chairs and a giant photo menu of breakfast, lunch and dinner options. The prices are super affordable, and the service was pleasant. I was in a rush and opted for takeout. They forgot my side of guac, but the flavor of the marinated chicken more than made up for it. I intend to swing in for breakfast and definitely for my next taco fix.
4	Anyone who is from the South East Valley or Tucson knows what to expect from Mexican food.  The nicer and cleaner the seating area, the worse the food. The weirder and less nice the seating area, the better the food. This is the way of Mexican Food.              The place does look kinda dingy on the inside. Mismatching chairs, peeling paint, ghetto attempts at creating space and etc. are obvious.... but the food is awesome. I go there quite a bit and have yet to have a negative experience.  You don't go for this place for the atmosphere, you don't go here for the unrivaled customer service. You come here because you love Mexican food and real Mexicans make REAL Mexican food.        The Tues Taco deal is awesome and the breakfast burritos are amazing.
4	Quick service, big portions, and the specials are justifiably special in regards to overall value (especially the chicken tacos).
3	It's pretty much Filiberto's twin. All the same food-fare, but it seemed to have a more local family business feel to it. The food was decent, but nothing exceptional. If you're looking for cheap Mexican food and don't want fake-Mexican Taco Bell, then go here!
1	I was very disappointed when they would not let me use my $10 Restaurant.com gift card for the full value and would only let me use it for half it's value. I did not get a chance to try the food, since I cancelled my order after that. I was looking forward to trying it out, but will be taking my business elsewhere in future.
4	This isn't fine dining folks, but I do love the food! I get my food to go because the seating and tables are scary. They have Pick Up Stix chairs.  I love Taco Tuesdays! It's a notch below Los Faves and Filib's, but still pretty good.
5	The Arizona Burrito is amazing!
2	This has to be the filthiest restaruant in Gilbert. Got food to go. 15 yr old kid at counter mumbled 2 words and got annnoyed when I asked for more salsa. Carne asada burrito was a notch below filibertos and way more greasy. I guess if you live close and need a taco shop fix, this is the place.
4	When I'm in the mood for a taco, this is the place to tame the hunger!
4	I LOVE their carne asada taco plate!  I'm not sure how other reviewers compare the food to Filiberto's as it's nowhere near as greasy and the rice and beans are so much better.  They do however have the same menu and atmosphere.  This is a take-out place, where I order my food, run to Walgreens, and pick it up 5-10 minutes later.  If you're going to worry about a Mexican joint being super clean and well-decorated, go to Abuelos.
5	Best Mexican joint I've found in Gilbert area. Top notch carne asada burritos and reasonable prices. Try their super nachos. They weigh like eight pounds.
3	I found a rock in my food. A rock. The woman said it came from the beans and gave me my money back. She was very kind about it and she said it came from the beans.The food was alright otherwise. The breakfast burrito potatoes were not good but on the other hand the tortillas were deeeelicious! I might be back one drunken night but the rock kind of killed it for me.
2	It's okay. It's a stomach filler. It is no  filibertos but it will fill the void. I had the carna Asada burrito and super nachos. I honestly don't know if I will ever go back unless I'm real hungry.
4	I just finished having lunch here and I liked everything just fine. I had the #5 combo which is a taco and an enchilada, both chicken, with a medium Tamarindo drink. Good flavor, friendly staff. If you want to get the same meal and pay an extra five bucks for a schmoozy atmosphere, go somewhere else. But I would go here again any day.
2	This place used to be pretty good. Not sure if they turned over their staff, but the service has been atrocious lately. Twice in a row our order came out incorrect. Seriously? You're making tacos. If Taco Bell can get it right, why can't you? We'll give it one more shot, but if they screw up again, we're done. Lots of Mexican places out there.
3	Some times this place is a step above Filibertos and some days it is a small step below. Essentially the same menu. We used to LOVE their tacos (I would get chicken and my husband beef), but they are too inconsistent, so I think we kind of gave up on them after a few not so great times in a row. They are the closest cheap Mexican takeout for us, so we end up grabbing something every other or every third week, but not something to go out of the way for.
2	Worst experience tonight. Did not listen when the young man was working there to take my order. I asked for more than heard. Also he forgot another mans order, that was there 4 people before me( he got his money back) then he gave me my food with no bag and gave me my hot sauce in my hand. I asked for a bag and he said that they were to small for my food.. WTF..
4	Slightly above Filiberto's. No drive thru but parking is easy and the wait is never long. The menu is also similar to Filiberto's, but for me that is not a bad thing. Their green sauce is better also. This is family owned and staffed. In fact, I've heard the family lives in the neighborhood behind the restaurant. I have never been disappointed.
3	I've been coming here on and off for about 6 months now.. I have noticed at times they can be inconsistent with their food and quality. The staff seems to be mostly family which is nice and the owner lady is very nice as well. There have been times I would give this place 5 stars and times I would give 1. Wish it wasn't like that. Taco Tuesdays are probably the best day to go. The interior is not exactly pleasant, which is strange because there is a paint store right next door!! If your thinking about going here I hope your a gambling person who likes a 50/50 chance on a good visit!
2	50/50 - if the owner is there the food is perfect - when her families their in her place it's a hit or miss. The interior needs a face lift - it's a hole in the wall and looks pretty unsanitary.
5	Update 07/14 Still my favorite place, and they have even drastically improved their appearance. Good lookin seats, repainted and even new bold signage out front. It's still not the Ritz of dining rooms but I gave an extra star for the improvements.
1	The first time I went there a couple of years ago, it was pretty good.  Then I went there a year ago and it was ok.  Went again tonight and in my opinion, it was some of the worst  food I have ever had.   Like others have said, very inconsistent but either way, I won't be going back.
2	I was visiting the Phoenix area and ate lunch at Los Rubios.  It was OK.  I was looking for authentic tacos.   I ate the asada and carnitas.  They were larger than street tacos with pico de gallo and guac.  The salsa was not very hot (disappointing).  It was in a tiny plastic container.  I needed to ask for more.  Overall flavor was OK.  I did like the roasted serrano chile.  It added the heat I was looking for.The tables all needed cleaning when I arrived.  It was about 2:30 p.m., so this may reflect the post lunch condition.  The next time I visit, I will likely try a different place.
1	Yuck!!!!Food was nastyRestaurant wasn't clean at all ...not a single table wasn't left with food particles...and no one was in there.  They are too lazy too clean.  If you paid for my food I wouldn't eat there again.
1	I gave their carne asada burrito experience a try... Couldn't even finish half of it, because it was so gross.
