4	I love this Papa John's! I order online all the time and they get my order correct and get it out in a timely fashion. Even on a busy busy Friday night it takes no more than an hour to reach me :). The delivery drivers are always so nice too! Plus the pizza is yummy!!
3	Papa John's advertising team does a good job. After seeing the commercial for the large pizza for $10 with 3 free toppings multiple times last night, we decided to have pizza for dinner.I placed our order online, love businesses that offer that option. We got 2 pizzas, one original and one thin crust. We also got a salad. Total damage after tax and delivery fee but before tip was $28. Our pizza arrived about 40 minutes after the order was placed, which was what my confirmation email said. Everything tasted fine. Not exceptionally tasty but good pizza at a good price. I still prefer both Villa and Rosati's pizza, even at the higher price, but something a little change of pace is nice.
4	Sometimes you just want pizza. And you want it now! I can go online, place my order and swing by on my way home to pick it up. And what I get is for the most part consistently good. No, it's not Settebello. But if you've got hungry kids a pepperoni and cheese pizza takes care of things quite nicely. This location is usually very fast and friendly. Once in a while they've messed my order up but this is like 2x out of 60+ orders and counting. They'll also double cut pizzas or at least they did until the website changed and took away the option for it. Parking can be tight so back out carefully...I've had some close calls here as people are hurrying to the bar at the end of the shopping center and they want to fly through the parking lot. Don't say nobody warned you! One weird thing: If you pay with a credit card they assume you live in the area so they punch in that zipcode. If you have a credit card with a different billing address / zipcode your card may have trouble. This has happened to me so much that now i just choose to pay online and skip the in-store payment fiasco. (After 60+ orders and counting, I have to give them 4 stars. If it wasn't good I wouldn't have been back so much! I've ordered from here before noon, evening, and very late...it's consistently good. One last thing, delivery to certain parts of Hendertucky can take an hour or more. Ugh! Just go get it yourself and save the hassle.)
2	Dear Papa Johns: Thank you so much for raising your prices, for taking the double cut option off your online ordering, and for being out of spices when I pick up my pizza. With that extra buck per pizza you're now charging, is it too much to ask to have basic "Papa Johns Special Seasoning" in stock? Surely your managers or whomever does the online ordering can click the little onscreen box in order to ship some of the seasoning packets to the store.  As for taking double cut off the options, sure I can still ask for it at the store, but why can't I just click the box and make it clear what it is that I want?But as for the price increase? I can't thank you enough. Settebello charges $12 for their basic masterpieces. Your price increase, drop in quality, and lack of having basic spices means Settebello and other pizza places are now in play for our business. I can steer my family towards higher quality local choices!  Tack on a we don't give a dang attitude at the store last night and you get a dropped 2 stars boot to the keister with the follow up review. Oh and the 2 year old spit out your cheese sticks. That is an EPIC FAIL!
1	We rented out the Boulder bowling alley and ordered pizza to be ready for pick up at 11:00 AM (when the party started).  We confirmed it would be prep'd and done by store open.  When we arrived at 11, the oncoming staff had no word of any order and there I awaited for nearly one hour of my daughter's 2 hour birthday party rental in Boulder City.  So, not only did I miss it, everyone was forced to eat in the middle of the games that would be ending in a little over a half hour.  Mistakes happen and I understand, being in retail management, myself.  The store offered to comp one full pizza and two dessert pizzas for future order.  When I arrived to make that order, the "new" manager determined that he would not honor what his own staff promised--no regard or apology for the $150 mistake on behalf of papa johns on Horizon in Henderson.  He told me I would have to appeal to corporate if I so pleased.  I let this one go--not the end of the world--although not at all pleased.  ...fast forward a few weeks, my wife appeals to the online convenience of ordering, once again, and orders 4 xtra large specialty pies and one dessert for a friends dinner and a movie party...I pick up after work and when I arrive home my wife informs me that they got the order wrong--just forgot to include her dinner--the salad!  Oh no!  I can't buy dinner omitting the only meal part that really matters.  I call back not expecting anything above and beyond the call of duty and I simply explain that friends have already started to arrive and I would appreciate "delivery" to just drop the salad I paid for off at the house, just up the street (1 mile).  This same manager informs me that he would not be able to make this so called "courtesy" because they are "busy" tonight...you got it...the pizza delivery service would not deliver because it was busy.  I spoke with the manager to confirm what came to me in utter disbelief and because the original order was coded "for pickup" he would not be delivering a salad in behalf of their mistake.  Very displeased now, I determined the futility of our conversation and asked for a refund on my salad when he proceeded to tell me he could not because it is what I ordered.  Feel free to get your pizza from Papa's on Horizon if all you really want is a real slice of insanity!
2	We ordered pizza to be delivered at our home at 11:30 at night. How busy could they be, right?!?! It took an hour for them to deliver the pizza to our house and there was bad service from the employees.
1	Tried to get a pizza delivered to my aunt, but they wouldn't process the order even though I wanted to pay the tip before hand. They were extremely rude and not accommodating at all. Even refused to put the pepperoni in the shape of a heart. Called pizza hut instead. They were nice.
1	Don't ever order from these idiots. My last order took 90 minutes, but they comped it. Tonight I called after waiting 75 mins and was told it's "out for delivery. Any minute." Called back at the 90 min point, was put on hold then disconnected. When I did get a manager he said my order hadn't left the building and that he "didn't know what was going on around here." He asked what he could do to make it up to me and I said comp my pizza. Twice he said he needed GM permission and couldn't do it. Told him how my hungry kids had been bouncing off the walls for an hour waiting. I refuse to give my money toward such incompetent service. Cancelled and waiting on my Pizza Hut order.
1	Pizza is the worst I have ever had. Ordered an extra large and got a large. When I called them to tell them all they said was "sorry".  They also charged me $5 more for the pizza then the online price. First time ever having Pappas John's, and it will be my last.
1	The WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. 1.5 Hours after I ordered the pizza, still nothing... Called... "Oh we don't have the right address" great, here's the right address,... 20 minutes later, called again... "The driver came back because he didn't have the right phone number". Are you kidding me? Is the damn pizza going to be hot? Never again. Don't come here. I could have gone to Papa Murphys and back 16 times and cooked each pizza by the time these guys get their act together. And the Manager I spoke to answered the phone with " what's the issue" really?
1	Ordered the "special" today and was told it would be a thirty to forty minute delivery time. The guy who took my order was very polite and accommodated my delivery request but did not confirm my address or phone number and both were wrong. I called once to check in and gave the correct address. One hour and a half after I placed my order I called again and the cashier put my on hold for 5 minutes. When the manager got on the phone all he said to me was "what's the issue"? I heard you gave the wrong address and we have the wrong phone number so I sent the driver back here. He is on his way again. When I asked if the food would still be hot and he said it should be fine. That is terrible service. The pizza finally came and no it wasn't even warm. It's pretty sad.
1	In an attempt to order something fast today, we called to place an order. Annie, who claimed to be the manager, answered the phone with the WORST attitude.  I can only hope she isn't the actual manager, and if she is, maybe that's why this location is so poorly rated.  She claimed 3 different credit cards of ours were all declined, and it was me that had the problem.  Worried, we contacted the bank, to be told she never even ran the cards.  Clearly this was a problem on her end, her resolution was to YELL about it being my own fault.  When I asked for the corporate number 5 times, she refused to give it to me.  Well Annie, it's easy to find, and I assure you we will complain about the horrendous service you provide your customers.  As a business owner it saddens me that they have somebody running their store in the ground.  They pay you for the service you give!
1	Don't even bother ordering on line with a promo code, we were charged full price $ 18.00 for a pizza worth about $ 8 bucks.  When I called the manager and complained about their non code, I was told I'd get a refund for 1/2 in about 3-5 business days on my credit card.  I get it now, say it was a mistake, offer refund use customers money for 3-5 days,  Great concept Papa John's has.  WHAT A SCAM.
