5	They have everything here!
5	I know this is going to be a silly review but if you love hot, soft pretzels then you MUST have one from here. They are sooooooooooooooooo good! They are big, soft, buttery and delicious. I had no idea I could get such a delicious pretzel at a gas station. So, go try one so you can see why I am so adamant about them. :-)
5	Regular Gas $2.99. 12-24-13.Love this one too. Clean, New, Friendly staff. Great Tea. No place for us to park the 18 Wheeler though, so I walked over. And I was happy to see a QT and not a Truck Stop. I felt like I was back home in Atlanta!
5	Clean facility, inside and out. Fresh products. Cheap fountain soda. Great customer service too!
5	They finally have a store in Buckeye. Very large and clean store. The staff are friendly and the area that it is in is heavily patrolled by Buckeye PD, MCSO, and DPS. This is probably one of the safest gas stops heading out west towards the California border. I hope they build a QT in Quartzsite. That would be really nice.
5	This may be the craziest review I've ever written but this is THE GREATEST GAS STATION IVE EVER BEEN TO. Cleanest nicest, biggest bathrooms. Employees were extremely attentive. Every beverage known to man is sold here including legitimately 30 slushy flavors and alcohol. Every snack and candy is sold here. Gas pumps galore. Everything was amazingly clean and ready to go!!! Favorite gas station ever. Quiktrip I applaud you. :)
5	Never any complaints with this QT I was so excited to find out we were getting one in Buckeye. They have everything you need from a hot dog station, bakery station, chase ATM, and a huge drink selection. The staff is always friendly and make it a priority to get you checked out quick so you can hit the road. The only problem with this location and maybe all QT's is the entrance to drive up to the.
5	I'm a QT fan anyway, but this one is one of the best. So many options to eat and drink. If you want junk food and sugary sodas, this is your place. If you want healthy options and herbal teas, this is your place. And, the icing on the cake is very clean, multiple-stall restrooms. Best place to stop for gas, snacks (or a meal), and a restroom break on your I-10 trip.
2	This is the cleanest gas station I have ever been to. But the staff sucks. I ordered a personal sized pizza at about 8PM and they all start yelling across the store to who is going to make the pizza because they were all busy cleaning or doing something else. Which took up almost 8 minutes when one of them could of stopped and made it really fast.  When I went to go cash out the lady was gossiping to her coworker about something and I told the lady I ordered a pizza but I didn't get a ticket she just said Oh and kept gossiping to her coworker then I handed her my card and stood there while she was talking didn't tell me anything at all.. they have the worst workers ever
