3	Grade: C+Yes, you read that rating correctly. Chalk this one up to a dare to see if I could eat 30 shrimp. Not a problem. Interesting clientle aside, this place was surprisingly not sucky.
3	Red Lobster is always really crowded because peeps love the cheddar biscuits.  Who are we kidding here?  We all know it's the damn cheddar biscuits that keep em' coming.  Even the wait staff knows it.  Our waiter had his shtick down to a science and his main sell was the what???  Cheddar biscuits.  In fact towards the end of our meal he greeted a couple that had just sat down behind us, and ran through his entire spiel word for word as he had done for us.  The humiliating part was that the woman has the EXACT same reaction that I did when he said, "and might I say, the cheddar biscuits are the best part of the meal!"  "Hahaha!  Yes!!"  *nods and smiles like a complete jackass*
3	Typical Red Lobster.  Busy.  Good service. Food is delish.... cant get enough of those biscuits!
5	Red Lobster is  consistently excellent. The Biscuits may be a draw for some ,(altho I can only eat one myself). I go back over and over because of the great staff, the impeccable Long Island Iced Teas and the always Hot Steamy Perfect  FRESH Lobster. Our Madison Red Lobster aims to please like no other chain in town. The menu is extensive and never disappointing.I am thrilled to have them here. Worth the time and money, every visit.
2	We had lunch at this place on X'max Eve, it was such a disappointing lunch given the food was not served 30 minutes after we finished ordering. After calling the manager the food was finally on the table but apparently there is something within this restaurant. The manger was friendly but the waiter at our table was showing us some attitude after manager was called up. So, service-wise, it was such a failure. Food is okay, just like any other red lobster place, but please keep in mind that waiting for 30 minutes is never acceptable.
4	I am so happy they aren't keeping this crab and scallop "pot".  It was overly messy and no return of flavor.  Better off just having steamed crab legs instead.  Overall, Red Lobster is a great place for me to get my crab fix when I need it.  There isn't any other affordable place in town to support my cravings.
3	My wife and I stopped at the Red Lobster on 7/4/13.  It was open and the parking lot was busy.  We started with the wood fire grilled bruschetta with shrimp.  It was really good.  A bottle of Kendall Jackson chardonnay made it even better!  We then shared a trio of wood fire salmon, shrimp skewers, and crab legs.  It came with a salad.  The flavors were fine.  The portions were small.  Our server was pleasant.  We'd return, but would probably  stay at the bar to enjoy a bottle of KJ with 2 orders of the  wood fire grilled bruschetta with shrimp and pass on the rest.
5	love their special biscuit, soft and delicious. the seafood is fresh and nice. endless shrimp is a great choice.
2	I absolutely Love Red Lobster.  I will go out of my way to eat at a Red Lobster for shell fish.  Unfortunately, I have never had a good meal at this Red Lobster.  They do not know how to cook seafood.
2	Visited this location on 2/27 with a friend for Lobsterfest. I ordered the Lobster in Paradise.. The lobster was NOT fresh, it was tough and very chewy. I was really bummed out by this because I was really looking forward to trying this dish and I don't normally have any complaints about Red Lobster. The service was excellent, our waiter was very friendly and attentive.
2	My boyfriend and I visited for the first time ever on Thursday. I work for Darden, so I was expecting great service and delicious food. The food was nothing amazing, but it was still a decent value for the price. However, our waiter was extremely rude. He acted like it was a burden to serve us. I'm assuming it was our age, but that shouldn't matter. I'm a server myself and it's wrong to treat your guests like they are wasting your time. It made the entire experience quite disappointing.
2	Red Lobsters Biscuits is what drives me to dine at their restaurant. However, now that they sell their brand of biscuits at Costco, I fail to see why I would ever dine here again. I love seafood. It's my favorite food. However, Red Lobster seems to think that the best way to cook a good seafood dish is to drown it in garlic and butter. My goodness, it's ridiculous how much butter and oil is used in any given dish. I am (was) a huge fan of their Salmon New Orleans. It came with wild rice, broccoli, broiled salmon and shrimp covered in a tabasco butter sauce. I always got the sauce on the side because again, the add too much butter/oil. Since the dish is super easy to make, I decided to make it on my own with less butter. Viola! Dish turned out better than Red Lobster (IMO which is very bias I will admit) For what you pay to get a good meal, the food is very average while being coated in nothing but butter. Even the salads are iffy. Their food is nothing special. The most decent cooker can make anything on their menu. I never understood why the lines are always out of the damn door when I drive by on a weekend. Convenience? Must be. However, people must REALLY like it considering the wait time on a Friday or Saturday night can be up to a hour. If I am to leave one positive comment, the service has always been great in my past experience dining here.
3	Solid seafood place.  I had the tilapia last visit in July 2014 and it was tasty.  The service is good but not exceptional on our average visit.  I could call this 3.5 stars quite honestly.  The one thing that could help them out I think is having more variety of fish, they usually have salmon, mahi mahi or flounder sometimes, tilapia and one other fish fry generic fish like a cod.  I would love to see them get things like grouper or sea bass, or ever more tasty fish for a weekly special like monkfish or barramundi.  But overall a solid night out for a decent price for what you get.
2	I don't know what has happened to RL, but the food is not nearly as good as it used to be, with the exception of the cheddar bay biscuits. My last two visits there were very disappointing. The food was bland. The lobster was tough and lacked flavor. Not interested in returning.
