5	Chad is amazing! Working with him was more enjoyable than I thought working with a DJ could be! He made the entire process a breeze from initial consultation to our Last Dance. Chad has a unique and amazing ability to read a crowd and energize a group in just the right way to ensure each guest feels included in each moment of your event. Chad embraced our non-traditional song choices and offered valuable suggestions during our planning to make our event extra special. With Chad, you're not just getting a DJ - you're gaining a fun, fresh, funky friend who will masterfully guide each moment of your special day to make sure that it reflects you're vision and personality - as well as that of your guests, and infuses both into the greatest party you'll ever experience! Chad lays out the planning process in easy to follow worksheets and provides a wealth of suggestions, both on paper and in person, to make sure you are able to craft an event that reflects energy, enjoyment, and personality from beginning to end. I would recommend working with Chad on any event where you're looking for an experienced and talented master to be your Director of Fun!
5	I can go on and on about Chad!  I can guarantee that he'll be the best DJ you'll ever work with!  We hired him for our st. pattys day wedding this past year and our guests are still talking about how much fun they had on our day.  If you want a creative, fun, not typical wedding entertainment,  Chad will be your guy!  He has many ideas to make your day fun and stress free.  When we first met him, right off the bat you could tell he is a very professional, organized, yet a kind hearted guy.  So easy to work with that you'll want to plan another event so you could hire him again.  We miss our day and the entertainment made our wedding day so memorable!!
5	If you are looking for a personalized, tasteful, romantic reception that becomes a rockin dance party - go with All-American DJ. My wife and I film weddings and have worked with them a lot, and the people have so much fun; we even notice it later when editing the video.
