5	I am a member of Bear Flag Crossfit which Erin and Will (same owners of Crossfit Black Storm) started in Fullerton California.  I've been a member there since it opened and the experiance has been awesome. They know what they are doing. Both Willl and Erin are well rounded in training and competing. They are great coaches and greater people. They are well knowledged in everything from nutrion to training programing and AREN"T scared to share their knowledge with you. Being at their gym you will learn everyday and advance consitantly and you won't have to deal with crappy equipment =) If you are looking for a Crossfit gym in the Phoeniz area, Crossfit Black Storm is definitely the place to be.
5	Will and Erin are amazing coaches and even greater people.  They were among my first coaches in CrossFit and helped me transition into the sport.  Both pay very close attention to proper form and technique in each of their members, minimizing the risk of acute and long-term injuries.  They help the first-timer feel comfortable and the advanced feel challenged.  This is a great place to train!
5	I met Will and Erin over a year ago when they started Bear Flag CrossFit in Fullerton, CA. They both cared about the clients that helped to make their CrossFit box in Fullerton a success and there is no reason to believe that their new adventure, CrossFit Black Storm, will not be the same. Both Will and Erin are strong coaches and motivators to help you get in the best shape of your life!! Just keep moving!! Be healthy.
5	I made the trip out to Black Storm for their grand opening to check it out and hit a couple workouts. I noticed quite a few things!1. All top-end equipment (mostly Rogue)2. Qualified coaches with previous experience and knowledge3. Very clean and organized4. Fantastic prices5. Air conditioning keeps the whole gym nice and cool6. Convenient website / leaderboard / scheduling / payment systemI have no doubt that owners/coaches will put every ounce of energy into making this gym the best. If the commute was reasonable for me, I would be there every day!
5	First time joining a crossfit gym and I haven't regretted it.  Every work out is a challenge.  I feel myself advancing my strength, endurance, speed, agility, and overall body coordination. I was an avid gym goer and runner looking for something to break up my normal routine for the summer.  I had been looking for a crossfit gym for a while but never really found one that I clicked with.  The owners here are amazing.  They are attentive, informative, intelligent, personable, and funny.  They have been doing crossfit for years so I feel like I have a couple of professional  personal trainers.  Each work out is catered to each of their students needs, no one gets left out.  Black Storm in reasonably priced and brand new.  All equipment is new.  Everything in the gym is new.  And they have a coupon on here!  Better use that up.   If you enjoy being average then stay at home on your computer reading yelp reviews, but if you want to make a step in the right direction and set your self apart form the normal,  you better make your way to Crossfit Black Storm.
5	Owners and head coaches, Erin and Will, are building an amazing community at Black Storm. I've been an on again off again Crossfitter for the past 3 years. I've been to a few different boxes and left for various reasons. Lack of community, unknowledgeable coaches, not enough equipment to go around and boring programming.  Crossfit should not be boring! CFBS is never boring! Erin and Will are always right there encouraging their athletes to work their weakness. The box is beautifully outfitted. Top of the line equipment, including a roomy rig, two full size lifting platforms and four, count them four ropes! Of course the privilege of having this wonderful equipment comes with some expectations. Use it correctly, put it away properly and keep it clean. This right here is the epitome of why I love CFBS. You and your fellow athletes are held to very attainable expectations. Each time I walk into CFBS a wonderful new element has been added. The amenities here are awesome and I could bet they will continue to impress. There are gender specific restrooms, lockers and cubbies, a small gated area for children with comfy bean bag chairs and a bunch of cell phone chargers. How convenient! I am on the run all day, thanks for giving me a place to charge my phone! You won't regret coming into CFBS for a free trial workout. Beginners and advanced athletes alike, there is room for every skill level at CFBS.
5	I have been doing CrossFit for almost 3 years and recently needed to move boxes. I've been going to CrossFit Black Storm since it open and they're great! The owners, Erin and Will know what they're doing, great energy, positive people and community and overall want to help individuals become better at the sport, challenge themselves and be healthy.  Box is spacious and great new equipment. Highly recommended!Workouts are challenging and the coaches are good at providing the necessary warm ups and critiques to improve form, lift heavy and avoid injury. It's a fun place to work out and I look forward to every day.  Looking forward to the continue growth and advancement of the athletes. Lastly, they also provide 101 classes for the beginning and then advanced classes so focus from the coaches can be where needed!
5	I love this gym so much. The owners Will and Erin are so passionate about our gym. It's a beautiful place and incredible equipment. When I think of CrossFit I think of Black Storm. It's a community and a family. We are all striving together to get our personal best and we support eachother to do better. Will and Erin are very knowledgable and they also are great role models and mentors of CrossFit. They are very humble and willing to work with everyone to be a better self in the box. I'm so happy here.Great AC, especially for AZ. Clean gym. Rogue equipment and great prices.
5	I first learned of Will from my son who is a experienced Crossfit coach.. I am a huge promoter of the annual Murph Challenge... I ask Will if the gym wanted to help out and without hesitation he was in.  The gym had not even open yet... My son, Josh takes Crossfit very seriously and knows his stuff.. I say this to emphasize that he would not recommend Crossfit Black Storm only if it met the highest if standards.  I hope the best for everyone involved in the gym.  And next year another Murph Challenge.
5	I'm new to CrossFit and I have to say I'm hooked.  You always hear about the community aspect and it has definitely been in full display. EVERYBODY has been encouraging and I've felt no judgement on my abilities ( or lack there of)...The workouts REALLY push me, but I feel such a great sense of accomplishment when I've completed them!
5	First of all, their equipment is all spanking new rogue! Awesome. But Crossfit isn't mostly about the equipments. Black Storms owner's Will & Erin are amazing coaches.Will has trained me from day one. He likes to go over each movements step by step and takes his time. His drills on basic feet position would take more than half an hour. That is how much in depth he goes into detail. Different coaches might just skim the "non-important" steps but Will will make that step very important and useful. His attention to detail and the ability to notice any flaws will make anyone a perfect lifter.Erin is a ex-bodybuilder! #globro! So she sheds light on shunned topics inside a box such as "non-paleo diets, biceps, and heaven forbid Bench press". When Erin was born, she entered this world with Spartan Abs. So don't let that discourage you. She is very friendly and easy to approach. She will talk to you about everything and anything. Since Erin has a solid background in other training, she will assist any members achieve any types of fitness goals.Charlie is an amazing doge.This facility is military friendly. That is always a huge plus!!
5	I have known Will for a few years.  I met him at a gym in Orange County, Ca called OCCF.  I didn't really know anybody in the area and Will was cool to me from the get go.  He shared his insight and experience with CrossFit with me and helped motivate me during workouts.  I am a gym owner myself in Chino, Ca.  When one of my gym members said they were heading to Phoenix on business I recommended Crossfit Black Storm knowing that the ownership and coaches were top notch human beings with a wealth of knowledge about health and fitness.  Will and Erin welcomed Dain into Crossfit Black Storm with open arms and treated him as if he was a full time member.  They have top of the line equipment to go along with a great location.  If you are looking for a great facility run by amazing people that create an awesome environment, I highly recommend you head to Crossfit Black Storm.
5	Great box.  I've really let my fitness go - I had not worked out hard in years.  They offer a great beginner class - the 101 - to reestablish a baseline level of fitness and teach some of the techniques that are used in advanced workouts.  Erin and Will are friendly, knowledgeable, and gently encouraging as you attack your WOD.  And such great new equipment.  I really appreciate this place for getting me back on track with my fitness!
5	To whom it may concern, the owners of Crossfit Black Storm, Will and Erin are fantastic in all aspects! It was my frist time ever trying out Crossfit when coach Will and Erin were in California at Bear Flag Crossfit. I remember when I met coach Will he was very informative and attentive to every movement I executed. He will watch every step to make sure your technique and form is correct as well as scale the work out to prevent injuries. You wont have to worry about a single thing, the only thing you need to do is get yourself to the box(gym) and let Coach Will and Erin takeover and trust me you will get into the best shape of your life! If I could I would totally move over to this box in a heart beat if it was closer!! The programming is the best part as they definitely have great WODs(workout of the day) I was always eager to come in knowing that I was going to learn something new! The best part as a new athlete is learning new movements, and theres plenty of that here at Crossfit Black Storm for sure! By the looks of the pictures I can already and you can already tell that this box has very high standards when it comes to cleanliness and equipments. All the equipment are fresh, high quality brand and trust me they are here to make sure you get your moneys worth and youll be glad you chose this box!Space? Hahah just look at the photo... this place is huge compared to any other Crossfit Box, its is very rare so you should be grateful, enough said.Seriously for those who are looking around for a new box or new to Crossfit, you must stop by and check it out. Will and Erin are very friendly! You will definitely make a lot of new friends here and great ones too! What stood out to me the most is the fact that Will and Erin were very appreciative to prior military and current military personnel. I myself a veteran of the Marines asked for a military discount and sure enough they had one and it definitely helped me out a lot with the month to month payments! Dont be scared to ask, they are very understandable and reasonable with whatever situation your in! If you dedicate yourself to Will and Erin and show that your in it to better yourself, they will definitely help you. I can talk for days but I think I said enough. Just get yourself out here and try it out for a month and see how you like it! Doesnt hurt to try!
