3	A small shop with a decent selection of fabrics. Prices were about average. Lots of great notions though.
3	I liked this shop. They had some beautiful fabrics I hadn't seen before. The lady working the cutting counter was very sweet and courteous. The owner was there, but he was cold and never said anything to us. But, I would shop here again. Cute shop.
4	Just stopped by the shop again yesterday while in Phoenix for a wedding. I. Love. this. Store. I went looking for a specific Michael Miller line and they were out, but gave me info on when it's coming back in. The staff was super sweet and helpful. There were quite a few people waiting in line at the cutting table and the owner started cutting in the back as well to make it go faster. They offer cookies, iced tea, coffee, etc for you while you're waiting which makes you feel like you're at someone's home and can relax and shop. Best of both worlds! The clearance section was fantastic. Usually clearance fabrics are not stylish or interesting look. But I found some great finds, 40% off! woohoo! Had a great chat with the owner and enjoyed my stop yet again. Thanks dudes! Best place for unique, stylish, modern fabrics as well as the old standards. LOVE!
5	We have not been to a better quilt shop.  Good selection of civil war era reproduction. Husband friendly with a place to sit, restroom for customers. Friendly staff.Great quality but not a huge quantity.  No regional fabric.We will return.
5	The 3 Dudes Quilt shop has become a favorite when I am in AZ for the winter.  Great and I mean great!!! service, outstanding fabrics, tons of classes so you can expand your creativity with lots of different topics to appeal to many, a delightful retreat in the spring, and even cookies!!!  Classes accommodate the beginner and can challenge the expert.  And this coming spring (2015) we are looking forward to a cruise quilting our way well into the night with a batik factory tour.  You won't be disappointed in this shop.
1	I visited the shop today because it seemed unique, I had expectations of fun and unconventional.  What I found was an unfriendly environment with a few old ladies gossiping amidst hokey, outdated fabric. The biggest disappointment was the lack of customer service. I don't know what it is about some quilt shops, but they treat the younger generation of quilters like potential shoplifters with no money to spend while they dote on the grandmas. I've quilted for 15 years and have money to spend, so I hate being treated poorly just because I'm younger and shop in jeans and a tshirt. I was not greeted, but looked at rudely when I walked in, and I was never once asked if I needed any help. They have an ok book selection, but I didn't find anything special about the patterns. I rate the fabric selection here as basic, and that's being generous. What a waste of time driving out there from Scottsdale. Won't be back and will not recommend.
