5	I used Chrysty Clarkson as my photographer for my maternity photo session when my previous photographer was unable to fit me in her schedule. My family and I had a wonderful time throughout the shoot. Chrysty made us feel comfortable and was open to all our requests/suggestions for poses/settings etc. I have worked with photographers before who take your picture only the way they want to, and don't even listen to the needs/wants of the client. We were ecstatic when we saw the proofs. Chrysty has a great eye for her subject, and captured even the extra non-"posed" moments. There were precious memories that were created that day that we will get to keep forever, because of Chrysty. I highly recommend her for the quality, value, and customer service that you will receive.
5	My fiancee and I are using Chrysty to photograph our wedding ceremony and reception. She has a great reputation in the community and we admire the examples of her work that we have seen. She included engagement photos with the package and did an excellent job both with the photo session and the final product. We both enjoyed Chrysty's style, found her easy to work with, and really liked her ideas for poses and choice of settings. She has been very reliable and we are both really happy with our engagement photos. We are looking forward to the cermony and reception and have full confidence that we will be more than happy with our photos.
5	This is an update of my earlier review of Chrysty's work. Since that review, Chrysty photographed our wedding ceremony and reception. In short, my wife and I are both excited with the way Chrysty photographed our events. To elaborate, for starters, she was rock solid reliable. She was on time for all of our events and she returned phone calls and emails in a timely manner without fail. She also took all of the shots that my wife requested. Next, she was enjoyable to work with. She is a very nice person and helped all of her subjects to feel comfortable with the structure she needed to impose to get all of the poses my wife selected. I thought she was particularly skilled with children-from a toddler to a preteen. Also, my wife and I REALLY liked some of the more creative/candid shots that she took. We got all of the various family, friend, and couple groupings that we wanted, but she also did an amazing job catching some very intimate, personal, funny, and therefore memorable "moments" that helped to make our pictures special. Finally, she did an excellent job packaging her product so that we (and our families) could make prints for ourselves and our families. My wife and I are very happy (and thankful) for Chrysty's work and would recommend her without reservation.
5	I hired Chrysty to take our maternity pictures when I was pregnant with my second child. She was looking to expand her portfolio to include maternity shots, and I has seen her other work so I thought it was a perfect fit. She took beautiful pictures of our little growing family, and made my first born feel extra special, too. She totally captured our individual personalities, and our collective excitement. I have since recommended her to several other friends, and we are all happy with her work, her professionalism, and her flexibility with her style. Thank you Chrysty!
5	Chrysty is such a talented photographer.  She took pregnancy pictures of me, newborn photos and one year old photos of my babies.  Her work is so amazing.  She just manages to capture such sweet moments.  Now my family and I have photos to cherish forever.  Not only is Chrysty professional and super friendly, but she is also very reasonably priced!!  I would recommend her to anyone looking to get any pictures done.
5	Today, the hub and I met with Chrysty to take our first family picture with dogs in tow at Tempe Beach Park.  Even though the forecast has been dreary, she made the day all cheery.  We forgot that it was drizzling and cloudy.  We loved her ideas for pictures.  And she worked very well with the dogs. We had a lot of fun and can't wait to see our results.
5	I absolutely LOVE Chrysty!  And her pictures are amazing too.  She's done both family and individual photos for me and I absolutely love them all.  She is fun and adventurous and totally willing to try something new and off the beaten path.  She makes everyone feel comfortable which equals super natural pictures too, which is a huge plus when you're trying to get 3 kids to smile. . . at the same time!!I'll refer her again and again, and look forward to seeing her again soon!!
5	We love Chrysty! We originally found her through a living social deal and have been going to her ever since. Her prices are very reasonable and she has specials often. The pictures turn out great. We've done newborn and family photos and have loved them all :). She's also very nice and makes you feel very comfortable through the shoot.
