5	Never thought I would be excited about accounting yet here I am. We've been using this firm for some time and what's not to like.  CMA plenty of times and haven't had a problem (knock on wood) since switching to this service. Who would have thought you can receive great service without having to paying an arm and a leg. Now, if only I  could find a trustworthy law service.
5	I never realized how much I needed a financial manager until I met Cristina. AccountingProse has greatly simplified my financial processes and I'm actually able to make decisions very quickly by always having an accurate picture of where my company stands. I actually think I'm SAVING money by working with AccountingProse because I can now focus more on client-facing work and trust that AccountingProse will be properly handling the company's finances.
5	Quick, efficient and responsive! Almost like a Lamborghini! When my accountant passed away suddenly at the end of the year, I was desperate to find someone to complete my fiscal year bookkeeping so I could prepare my tax returns. AccountingProse staff were super easy to work with and gave me multiple options to transfer and receive financial information. They finished my bookkeeping faster than quoted, having all of my information documents returned to me with monthly balance sheets and income statements in about ten days! I asked my CPA to review the bookkeeping that AccountingProse had completed for me and he was very impressed with the outcome. Other bookkeeping services are a bit cheaper, but I am more than willing to foot the extra expense for AccountingProse tried and true service, reliability and integrity!
5	Feels weird to review something other than a restaurant so positively but I felt compelled after my recent experiences with AccountingProse.As a small business owner [computer janitor], I was not unhappy with the bookkeeper I was already using when I heard about AccountingProse. A friend who runs a few businesses suggested I look at their services and pricing and see if it might be worth switching. This is a person who I trust implicitly about food, drink and music, so why not business services?Upon my first meeting with Cristina [the boss? I think, not sure. She has the air of a boss if that makes sense :p] I knew instantly I would switch over for one very simple reason:Passion.That's right, passion. This lady is just plain nutty about numbers and hell bent on doing the best possible job she can. And it is clear how this impacts her work. I always try and bring this level of service to my customers, and I never felt this level of give-a-shit from previous bookkeepers. It has been extremely refreshing working with her. In the past three months I have:*Paid less for my bookkeeping services*Gotten vastly better service*Reduced overhead [a.k.a. increased profits] with a few cool tricks she brought to my attention [details that never seemed to catch the eye of my former firm]I have also recommended AccountingProse to just about everybody I know. The person who recommended to me is one of those extremely finicky people whose opinion I knew I could trust. Most of my friends see me the same way. I cannot suggest highly enough that you contact them and determine for yourself if you feel like you are being fully served by your present bookkeeper.
5	Tina is knowledgeable and helpful with bookkeeping issues.  My business is still in the early stages, and I needed someone I could rely on for guidance around best practices for keeping track of my records.  Tina has been proactive, letting me know about important tax deadlines and making sure I have the information I need to follow through.  I would recommend her for anyone that's looking for an intelligent, problem solving assistant, who doesn't need hand holding.
5	I've been using Tina and AccountingProse for a while now. She sat down and made something that was clearly confusing and intimidating become something very easy to comprehend. She is patient and will make the whole payroll process super simple. She has taken a load off when it comes to those nitty gritty details of hiring new staff. Now I'm a pro. She gave me all the documents I needed to have my staff up and running with automated payments and handled all my 1099's like a pro.  I am super busy running around and do not have time to deal with handling all of these payroll details and feel so fortunate I have Tina fighting for me and making sure I am doing it all right. She is quick and is great to work with! Highly recommend!!
5	I have had a great experience working with Cristina at AccountingProse.  She has been very helpful and pacient with me as a new business owner.  She's very resourceful, I'm very glad I found her! I would highly recommend her and AccoutingProse.
5	Cristina from accounting pros has been an amazing find for our company. Her payroll company took over over as our provider several months ago and the results have been great. I call it professional payroll services with personality. From bookkeeping to solutions implementation, she's great to work with. I highly recommend.
5	TINA and her crew are simply -- AWESOME!!Bookkeeping and payroll service management are a necessary detail of running a business that cannot be overlooked and missed. It needs to be done RIGHT and ON-TIME and PERFECT every time. Explaining to an employee or a vendor a bank or anybody else as to why the numbers aren't right, or the checks weren't cut, or the myriad of excuses that a TOO BUSY business owner and UNDER-STAFFED or UNDER-QUALIFIED employee can come up with, just doesn't cut it.Accountingprose cuts through the B.S. and simply gets it done right; all the time!We love their EFFICIENCY, we love their INTEGRITY, we love their SIMPLICITY, we love their QUALITY, we love their PRICING.Bookkeeping and payroll services in the Phoenix area can and should be trusted to Tina and Accountingprose. ... 'nuff said!Thank you guys and keep up the good work!
5	I despise accounting, and yet I look forward to my weekly accounting meeting with Tina. She and her talented crew are a new breed of accountant firm. They not only keep on top of my books, but they actively work to innovate their own tools and processes. Unlike any number cruncher I have ever met, they abandon outdated systems and move to proven, innovated new systems and services - even if these changes help to cut their billable hours. In short, AccountingProse unselfishly puts your needs as a business owner in front of their own. Smart, efficient, detailed-oriented, and incredibly hard working. Worth every penny.
5	Accounting is the stuff that nightmares are made of! Cristina and team does an incredible job of insulating me from that madness. AccountingProse lets me focus on what I love and not get bogged down in the details.  I would recommend them to anyone!
