5	I don't know how this place stays in business.They have seating for 12 people in the whole entire restaurant.And their prices are very reasonable (~$14).That being said, I love coming here.  The place is small, intimate, quaint, and rustic.   The food is fresh, local, and most importantly delicious.  Overall, a good place for a quiet date with good conversation.  Also, the food is not into whatever the season's overhyped foodstuff might be (no quinoa, mission figs, coffee-infused reductions, etc), which I like.
4	I want to really love this place. The food is really just lovely. We came here for brunch. I had the crawfish crab cakes with the rosemary polenta. They served it with fresh fruit salad. I liked what I ordered. But, I didn't think it was spectacular.The son ordered Chilaquiles Verde. The tomatillo sauce was nicely spicy. They served it with poached eggs and fresh fruit.The daughter got the 2 eggs and bacon. AND if you ever want bacon, ordered this, here. The plate had a mound of bacon.The husband ordered the the vegetable omelette. Fine- nothing special.The best dish was the Chilaquilas. The place is really small but the friendliness makes up for everything.Word of caution: they have ventilation problem. Its extremely smokey in there.
5	This is the best brunch in Madison - doesn't suffer from the weekend morning crowds, within walking distance of the farmer's market, and a quiet atmosphere. Food is excellent. I recommend the chilaquiles - they're the best I've ever had. Brunch is really affordable, dinner is a little more pricey. Owned by an artist, local art is always on display.
2	i hate to give this place only two stars because the service was great and the atmosphere was very cute.  i wanted to like it, but the truth is i was very disappointed. the food was NOT great, especially for the prices!we started with the strawberry avocado salad, which was okay, but i could have made it at home in about 2 minutes, and the dressing was nothing special. i got the garbanzo bean stew, but apparently they were out of garbanzo beans so they asked if some other bean was okay. when it came it was luke warm and looked like they poured these white beans out of the can  5 minutes before. gross. and it said it came with "eggplant pilaf," which ended up being regular rice with maybe one tiny smidge of spice for color, with one tiny chunk of eggplant which got lost under the white bean stuff. my boyfriend got the seafood soup and it looked watery and unexciting. there were a few chunks of carrots and peas floating around in there, with not enough seafood. sorry, bon appetit. i still think you're cute, but i'm not coming back. (i heard through the grapevine that the chef is moody and if he's in a good mood then the food will be great but it's always a gamble, so you never know what you're going to get).
5	I love this place. It's cozy and it feels like some place only I know about (because I am often half of the only couple in the restaurant). Dinner and brunch are amazing. The menu changes frequently, but you can count on it being creative, fresh tasting and some sort of ethnic. The service is friendly and efficient. It's also great for vegetarians because the vegetarian entrees don't ever seem like a jumble of side dishes. The only catch is that you have to remember to bring cash- no credit cards accepted!!!
2	I've been here a couple of times for brunch.  And every time, something is sort-of off.  First time, my eggs were way overcooked.  The yolks were hard even though they had said they would do sunny side up. Second time, the potato salad they brought with the main dish was basically flavorless and the potato seemed uncooked.There was also a very disturbing art exhibit on display the first time I went there.  And a really big disfigured painting of a head in the bathroom that scared me...a bit inappropriate for a small french cafe on willy street.  They should stick to more benign things.Cute, has potential, and maybe I should try it for some other meal (maybe they're not really cut out for brunch), but I was disappointed overall.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place, based on my one dining experience there. Considering it seats 20 people (I counted), it should have a very cozy feel like the french bistros it is trying to emulate. But it came off more like a trendy coffee shop to me. Not that it's a bad thing, I suppose. But the lighting is a bit bright for a romantic meal, and the tables are tiny. Add in the mix of 'cliche diverse art' that Madison seems to think is necessary everywhere, and you get the idea.The waitstaff, which consisted of one person when I was there, was friendly enough. Not terribly helpful with the wine menu. But there wasn't much of a selection to begin with. The food choices were equally sparse, but I prefer quality over quantity so that wasn't a concern.And speaking of the food. Yes, it was very good and reasonably priced. I had some sort of porkchop (forgive me, it's been at least a month since I was there) and my date had a vegetarian cous cous dish. Both were excellent.The waitress was polite and responsive, and seemed  to know when to give us space. But I was a bit turned off when she handed me the bill and never asked if I needed change for my cash. Perhaps it was just an oversight, and not enough of a complaint to taint my impression of the place.That said, if you want a small place that veers from the usual french motif while providing very good food, this might fit the bill. Beware that the wine list is very pedestrian, and since I consider that an integral part of fine dining, I had to give it 3 stars instead of 4.
5	First of all, I am dismayed at any negative reviews this place has received. Just walking in here you can tell this place is one of the hidden treasures of Madison. It is truly a small business the owner is the chef and the waitress that was there the night I went was super nice. The meals you get here are unique and the menu changes every week, you can go on to their blog to see what the chef has decided to make this week. (How cool!!) Going to a small restaurant like this feels like you are patronizing the arts.I went here for an african-themed dinner with my boyfriend. I got a vegetarian african stew, he got a chicken dish and we shared a dessert and a greek appetizer. We went late on a Friday in mid November and we were the only ones in the restaurant. (We felt a little bad....) The food was all fantastic and the boy and I cleared our plates despite being very very full. The stew was thick and good; it had the flavor, attention and uniqueness put into it that your mom (or a friend from west africa) would put into cooking a home meal for you. The appetizers were terrific and fresh, it came with some great fresh feta cheese and a spinach cheese phyllo dough pastry. I really want to come back when they do italian. I'm sure it'll be awesome.
1	I had heard good things about Bon Appetit being a new-ish local-foods cafe in Madison, and so had been excited to try it.  But we left the restaurant very disappointed.  For one thing, there was almost nothing that could have possibly been local in our meals, as far as I could tell.  The majority of the dishes on the small menu featured non-seasonal fruits and vegetables, like avocado and strawberry and tomato.  On top of that, the non-local foods we did have were prepared in fairly bland ways (and such small portions!*), especially given the relatively steep prices (entrees at $19). The food was fine, but given these caveats, really not worth it. And although the service was passable, the fact that the waitress and chef sat and talked very loudly, in the most boring ways possible, about movie trivia through our whole meal ("have you seen that one movie with that British gal? You know the one who was married to Nathan Lane? Oh you mean the one who won that Emmy?")**, made the whole setting very uncomfortable. And because the place was so small and we were the only patrons in the restaurant, we could hear all the clattering in the kitchen and had trouble focusing on our own conversation. We will not be returning. *Annie Hall reference **Yes, I realize I offered some movie trivia of my own
1	the food menu is sort of all over the place... kind of toward the mexican side...why is the name of the place french?!  Anyways i got the huevos rancheros that tasted like a fried egg, with some sauteed green pepper and a can of chopped tomatoes... and my husband got some plate with tortilla chips in it with cheese and egg... the fried chips were STALE... really really stale to the point it was hard to chew...its pricey for what is is in my opinion and honestly tastes like something I can make at home.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong stuff but I probably won't be going back again!oh fyi the  fresh veggies on the side... they were not fresh
1	Seriously disappointing.  There were three people in our party.  We all got an app, soups and entrees, and none of the dishes were any good.  Three different entrees (ranging from $17.95 to $18.95) ranged from awful to ok.  Portions were *really* small. Service was unfriendly and the vibe of the place was hostile.  There's a sign on the wall that says 'We are not a coffee shop.  If you just want coffee, try Ground Zero a block down the street.'One of the worst meals I've had in Madison.
1	"Owner of this vehicle, You are no different than Walker (in reference to my bumper sticker I assume)-- the street under construction and my business struggling and you callously use space in my small parking area. Just like Walker you disregard the rights and welfare of others. Shame! Shame! Shame!"This was left on my car in the parking lot of Bon Appetit Cafe on Williamson Street. I went there for lunch with a friend (and have been there before as a customer) but they were closed. We decided to take her car to go somewhere else for lunch and we took her car. We were back within the hour and I found this on my windshield. I was back just as they reopened for their dinner hours.There was no one in the restaurant yet. I understand their frustration with the construction on Williamson Street, but I think comparing me to Walker because of this is an unfair comparison. And I will not be patronizing their business anymore.
4	I wandered in today for lunch--which apparently they don't serve.  In my defense there was a chalk sign propping the door open that said "brunch from 10-2."  In any case, I walked in and asked if they did a "to go" brunch menu.  There was one man there (presumably the owner), who seemed a little frazzled by the request.  He explained that they were closed, but still offered to make me something.  What a nice guy!  He listed 4-5 different sandwiches or salads he could make on the spot.  Two minutes later, I was delivered a delicious roast veggie salad to go for $4!  Extremely nice owner and delicious food!  The experience was definitely enough for me to try Bon Appetit Cafe again... maybe next time I'll drop by during posted hours ;)
5	I am really surprised by the bad reviews here. I love this place. We have been eating here for years and the food is always great. It has such a homey neighborhood feel. I also think Bon Appetit is a really good value. I eat out in Madison often and think many more expensive places in the area serve food that is not as consistently good. I think they have everything working for them, fresh local ingredients, intimate setting and inventive changing menu. My most recent visit was 10/27/11 and again we had a great meal, appetizer sampler, meatballs and polenta, and homemade cookies for dessert, it was all fantastic.
4	I do not understand why this place has such low review:( I really love their lunch !! It is not L' Etoile stuff...but it is very nice food...and ambience casual and friendly.
4	I came in for water and stayed for the food.The list of food items is quite small, about 6 dishes, but they all looked good.  I went with a scrambled egg sandwich with a garlic spread, thick slices of bacon, on a homemade biscuit.  I remember my mom making homemade biscuits one time, but then stopped because it took forever to make.  Boy, did I forget what a difference making biscuits from scratch is!  The bacon was that thick meaty bacon, and not that fatty icky stuff.  It was def hog heaven.  Just be sure when you're stuffing your face with your biscuit sandwich that your friend doesn't walk by and catch you with garlic spread on your face....not like that happened to me or anything  :)
