5	I am a Certified Dog Behavior Consultant and Certified Pet Dog Trainer and have had client after client RAVE about the care they have received from Dr. Nothnagel and staff and Sandhill Pet Clinic.  Their praise has been so high that I feel totally confident in recommending this veterinarian!Sarah Kalnajs BA/CDBC/CPDTBlue Dog Training & Behavior
5	I've been taking my dog to Dr. Nothnagel for 4 years, and have been consistently impressed with the level of care she receives.  My dog is a relatively high-strung German shepherd, and the vet is always calm and relaxed with her, which helps the dog be calm and relaxed as well.  I have found the cost of services to be reasonable and the office staff always explains the charges if I have questions.  They have even sent prescriptions for human-equivalent medications to Walgreen's for me so that I can save money.
5	I've been taking the kids (cats) here for quite a few years after all of my friends raved about Sandhill. Dr. Nothnagel and everyone who works here are friendly, kind, and knowledgeable. My oldest cat Nihil received such great care before he went off to college - I just can't say enough about how wonderful everyone is here.
5	After taking my tea cup yorkie, Zoe, to Dr. Nothnagel, I will go nowhere else. He is very good with her and very knowledgable. I felt comfort knowing that she would be in Sandhill Pet Clinics care. Coming from Zoe, thank you thank you thank you !!!!
5	Dr Nothnagel and his staff are second to none.  I am very particular when it comes to my animals and honestly have been through more vets than I am proud of.  A friend referred me th Sandhill and I could not be happier.  Our first few visits he actually went outside with my dog and I and watched his behavior and movements and then made the diagnosis.  He is down to earth, experienced, provides tips on caring for our babies and our dogs love him.  He and Jackie, a staff member recently, drove 30 min to our home for the difficult task of putting our beloved Brock to sleep ... and it was his day off.  He and his staff have been nothing but amazing and kind.  A HUGE asset to the world of pets and their owners.  Thank, thank you Sandhill!
