4	Ordering a late night spicy burrito can be risky business with my sometimes fickle stomach, but nothing can stop me on a mission with a HUGE craving at 2AM. I'm never on this part of the valley but I was visiting a friend and he told me this was down the street before the freeway.    Thankfully it's the REAL 'berto's and not a copy, so risk was reduced greatly. There's only one.My adobada burrito was big and heavy and for $4.09 plus tax. I got extra red sauce. Often times the universal red sauce is runny and not very hot, this red sauce is perfect and just right on the hotness. I tend to drink from the container rather than pour on my food with this kind of sauce, and the combination was Fili-b's perfection. I moaned and groaned and sighed while I ate in the car in the parking lot. I saved one sauce and 1/4 the burrito for later. I got home in south Scottsdale and devoured the rest.VERY satisfying.I slept on my left side to prevent mid-sleep heartburn or other discomfort.This afternoon I crave yet again.....
4	If you're in the hood, drop in for their bean burrito. It's deliciously different. It looks like a 28-week preemie and weighs in right around the same.I have no frame of reference on the taste however since I don't eat kids. I may appear mean enough to, but I don't so don't even go there, let's just stick with the burrito, ok? The beans, silky smooth refried beans. The tortilla, extra large... grilled until crisp and flaky. (the different part I was speaking of) And the taste combination?Muy Sabroso!  (damned good)The seating here is really strange. Hand carved, high-back wooden chairs so uncomfortable, anyone sporting a bony ass has about 3-5 minutes to eat before finding themselves scooching around like a bored first grader trying to get comfortable. Forget it. Not possible on these things. Overall, for a fast place to grab a very large and very tasty burrito, despite having to wolf it like you're in an eating contest...a result of the chair, I highly recommend this place.
3	Taco Tuesday.Fast becoming an institution in the landscape of Mexican food eateries. Only if you decide to come here, brace yourself. Filibertos has a ninety-nine cent taco that's enormous and, from outward appearances looks and smells delightful. Order two and a cup of water. The bill will come to just over two bucks. Now, take a bite out the the first taco and let the disbelief envelope you. How could anything that looks so good taste so bad?Try the other. Yeah, no, it's crap too. Only one thing left to do.Wrap them up and take them back to the office to feed the stray that's been threatening to disembowel you upon your arrival at the job trailer each morning.Yes, I think you'll find, as I did, these tacos make a wonderful peace offering, allowing you ample time to open the gates and get safely inside the office before being brutalized. Anyway, the shell is cooked to perfection. I ate some of it along wit the lettuce and cheese. However, a weird thing happened while nibbling at it. When I picked up the taco to take a bite, in the typical taco-eating manner....listing to about 75 degrees, my lunch buddy interrupted my bite by droning on about something. Being the friend I am, I perched the taco close to my mouth and held it for a brief moment, all the while eye-signaling him to shut the fuck up so I could take a bite. He continued talking.So now, pretending I was interested in what he was saying, I sat the taco back onto its plate but while doing so, I noticed a puddle of oil had managed to drain from the damned thing.And it wasn't a small puddle. This was a three to four inch diameter puddle even BP execs would have admired.So unless you find yourself in a tight spot with a threatening animal, or, you have a penchant for all things oily, there's no need to try the tacos here. Per my previous review, just stick with the bean burrito.I think you have to work really hard to fuck-up beans.
4	Carnitas burrito was very good but I would have liked something more than a ton of carnitas, guacamole and pico de gallo (like beans, rice, cheese)---just because it ended up being a ton of meat! Oh and the tortilla was so good! Not dry and a little chewy, yummmm!Chips were also really yummy, kept under a heat lamp so they'll be nice and warm for ya :) My dad loved the guava agua frescas. I had a sip, I thought I tasted a spice of some sort, gave it some depth.Anyway this wasn't the best Mexican meal I've ever had but it was a very good one. Place looked clean and server was nice but she couldn't understand my questions "what burrito is popular? What type of burrito do people like? What do you like?" haha oh well, it turned out alright for me :)
5	I have loved the Filibertos Food chain for YEARS! But this location is cool, I can drive my semi up (with no trailer of course....) and use the drive through too! To me, the food is ALWAYS great at any Filibertos, they simply rock this "White Boy's World"! :)
4	I usually come here on Wednesday morning. This is when I am at work by 5:00 am. Holds me over until a reasonable lunch time. Actually sometimes it holds me over until dinner. I always order a chili verde and egg burrito. Not on their menu, always willing to make it for me. Love this breakfast burrito, use to visit my grandmother here in Phoenix when I was a child and she would make this for me all the time. Now this burrito is huge, and very filling. Plenty of pork in the chili. I might not get there every week, but it will be a lot.
2	One Filibertos is like all the rest of them. The only difference is in the building itself and the employees. This one is fairly shady and looks old and dirty. Against my better judgement I have gotten food here a couple times and it wasn't great. The burritos were dripping with grease and the guacamole was bland and tasted like it was from the bottom of a jar. It is not in a good part of town so maybe that is why they don't keep up with the appearance or food. Nearby are much better choices for fast Mexican.
