4	Itamae recently opened right across from Wilfird Laurier University and is owned and operated by the same people who brought us Ye's sushi.  It is basically the same and it is really good!The atmosphere is a lot nice than Ye's and they have a few additions to their menu such as rolls with green bean paper which I like better than rolls with seaweed.  Overall this place is exactly what you would expect from an all you can eat sushi place- tons of average food that come out quick!  I would also suggest checking out their Facebook page because they sometimes have offers and contests for discounted meals.The always have the air-conditioner on full blast so bring a sweater!
4	I loved going to Itamae.  The service was great and the food was amazing.  The idea of ordering yourself is really cool, and lets face it... fun!  Only thing I found annoying was that you had to wait for a waiter to come and send it to the kitchen for you.  Also there was no where to order drinks so if you decide you want a tea half way through you have to flag a waiter down.Over all, great food!  I'm still full!
3	Not impressed with this new iteration of order-style AYCE sushi from the owners of what used to be Ye's Sushi (now Ye's Buffet). The restaurant is notably smaller than Ye's Sushi/Buffet and Sushi 99.The restaurant uses iPads as part of its menu and ordering system. It's great that there's now a picture and full description of each roll, but the selection is much more limited than it used to be at the old Ye's Sushi. The food is not as good as I remembered from the old Ye's Sushi and it took a lot longer to come out too!I would suggest skipping Itamae and heading north to Sushi 99 instead if you like everything quick and freshly-made, or Ye's Buffet if it is not busy and you like the convenient buffet-style format. Itamae has nothing really going for it other than a convenient location near Wilfrid Laurier University.
2	The decor is amazing, ordering on iPads is fun. However the service was terrible. The sushi was extremely soft. Everything that needed to be hot was lukewarm and everything that needed to be cold was, "lukecold".
3	Not a whole lot to say, as it was a typical ayce sushi place. I thought the quality of the fish was better than a fair amount of other sushi places in the area, but definitely not exceptional by any means.I was really disappointed by the desserts, as the egg tart and apple pie were flavourless. However, the fried banana and ice cream were pretty good.Overall, an average place to eat at.
2	This place serves extremely oily appetizers that are extremely salty. Not a fan. They have ipad menus for self ordering which is becoming a standard at all you can eat sushi places these days.
4	Nice decor and interior. Really liked the ipad ordering! AYCE was definitely worth the price and rolls and sushi were prepared quite nicely. I would advise not to order the fried udon noodles since they were extremely greasy. However this is probably my favourite AYCE sushi place in KW!
3	As someone who basically only eats sashimi when going out for an all you can eat sushi dinner, this place was pretty decent.Their sashimi tasted fairly good and fresh. I've had better fish from O'Yummy and other sushi places, but for how close this place was to campus, their sushi was alright. The grading on the salmon was decent, and their tuna was not bad.Their service was pretty great. You order from iPads and the food comes out really fast compared to traditionally giving in paper order slips and having to wait for the waiters to come pick it up. I must have made at least 10 different orders, and the food always came pretty promptly.Though on the downside they barely put any fish into their hand rolls or specialty rolls, and filled up most of it with rice, but if you just order the sashimi, it's pretty tasty meal!Might try other sushi places next time, but id definitely helps that this place is walking distance from campus.
3	It's conveniently located in King and University that is close to university. They also use ipad for ordering, which is unique. However, their sushi is nothing much to talk about. The quantity of food is not as ordered and it can be often a long wait before the food come. They don't give free tea, which is quite a bummer.
