5	I love Dutch Bros. Coffee!  Their drinks are tasty, the baristas are friendly and it's really convenient.They have excellent prices too.  It seems like I never have to pay full price for my drink.  Whether it's happy hour, coupons, punch cards or daily specials it seems like I always get a great discount.
4	I drove by. Twice."Is that little blue drive-thru selling coffee?"So I pull up, VERY afraid, thinking "Mariscos De Isla De Capitan Drive-thru that sells coffee"  "I need something with a lot of caffeeine and not a lot of sugar" I says to the barkeep"Oh, I gotcha covered my man"2 seconds later I'm quaffing my quad-shot (4) espresso and milk concoction and freaking out with caffeine induced halucinations.  I was amping for 4 hours solid. God DAMN!  AMEN BROTHAS!Simply put, I was blown away by  kick ass java, excellent service and reasonable prices.
5	I agree 100% with the above posts!!!!
5	I drive by this place every morning on the way to work. Its a very cool place to stop, even with 4 cars in front of me I don't feel like I waited in line like I did at a Starbucks drive-thru, because once you pull up to the window there are always super happy baristas happy to take your order and talk to you while they make it. I walked up once and saw that their coolers had Dutch Bro stickers on them and since I always talk about this place I asked how much they were, they trew a box full of stickers in front of me and told me to pick out what I wanted. So now I promote 24-7. Oh and for sure get the punchcard for free drinks and sign up for the email/text list because they always have specials.
5	The coffee is absolutely the best in town.  For the price, get the large.  They have a wide assortment of coffee combinations, specials and even yerba mate on the menu.The staff is friendly and cheerful.I am hooked!
5	This place has it all over "thee-coffee-corporation-that-shant-be-named"... cheaper coffee which tastes miles better, text coupons and deals usually once a week or so, a frequent buyer card (buy 10 get 1 free, and don't forget double stamp Tuesday!), but what sticks out to me the most is the employees. Always friendly, which is nice, but more importantly...  *gasp!* completely competent (a rarity these days).  They always deliver spot on, and are really cool to boot. I will never, ever go anywhere else as long as these folks are around!
5	I was having a bad day today and then stopped by Dutch Bros. coffee on Bell Road.  I have not been there in a couple of months but Josh remembered me right away, even where I worked.  It was so nice to have someone recognize me and welcome me back.  Great customer service and the coffee's good too!
5	great coffee--great servers.make sure to get their text specials.
5	Yes, of course their a 5 star coffee shop. From the very first time driving up to the window, none of them knew me, BUT FRIENDLY, WOW!!!!!!!! Yes very friendly and great coffee to go.
4	PROS:  Supremely talented and friendly servers.  they have a good knack for speaking with you as if you're a regular (and wanted) customer.  Very good text message specials, classic drive-thru, good value overall, 10-stamp freebie cards, and cleverly designed and consistent-quality drinks.CONS:  The espresso roast itself is average.  The neat and admirable thing is that they make such good drinks around the sub-prime coffee roast, so overall they are still very good drinks.  This particular location is on the north end of the infamous "Palomino Square", so the location is a bit iffy, but I'm so pleased they decided to set up shop there!Unknown:  Their frozen and "fufu" drinks look awfully tasty, but I wouldn't know how they rate compared to competitors.
5	If you like sweet starbucks drinks you will LOVE this place. They have a great selection of drinks you can order either hot, iced, or blended. And they are cheaper than starbucks too! Even if the line is a little bit long they are quick. And the staff is beyond friendly. I swear they must seriously love their job! I would recommend the annihilator.
5	I am not often in this area as a general rule... but my daughter live pretty close, so I always make a detour into Dutch Bros Coffee! I just filled up my first punch card so now I get a FREE coffee next visit! Yay!I always get the hot Latte Breve... so much BETTER than Starbucks!Highly Recommended!
5	This is what customer service is all about.  These people ALWAYS remember who you are and ALWAYS have a smile on their face.They have a punch card, so every 10 drink you get a free one!  Tuesdays are double stamp days.  I mean who does that anymore?  Not to mention they have more shots in their drinks than their competitor.  They also use premium products.  I have converted many friends by one trip through the drive thru.  If you haven't been, try it out!!
5	This is the best coffee in the valley, oh so smoooooth.    Friendly people working here who I suspect are required to ask about your day but they do a good job acting interested =).    I stop by here every time I hit the St Vincent DePaul in the same parking lot.    Support the local guy, down with "big bean"
4	Dutch Bros is an outstanding coffee joint.   This Oregon company rocks it in AZ! So glad you are here!  Always great service and great strong coffee. Check em out!
5	This place ROCKS! I get all my morning Joe there. The product is awesome! The Baristas are very friendly. They know what I want before I ask, they are very tuned in to their regulars. I have never had a bad experience at Dutch Bros. Thanks to all the staff at Bell Rd. For making my day a lot better!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE.  drive thru, get your fix, and the staff are insanely nice.  I don't know how they find such awesome young people to work there, but they are the best.  And they give out dog treats; my dog loves driving through!BTW, there is a Starbucks literally a few yards from my house, but we drive 13 blocks just to get Dutch Bros.  SO MUCH BETTER!
5	I gave up Starbucks for lent, mostly to save money, and I decided to try this place, after passing it by several times. I've been here 3 times now and the staff are consistently friendly and they have hooked me up every time with some sort of discount! They have everything in a fat free, sugar free version also! It's my new favorite place!
5	Amazing staff amazing coffee and always faster than Starbucks without the burnt flavor. Their cocomo drink is unreal. You must try it.
5	I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but I do love their chai tea. This is a great place to go for a quick meetup with a friend, or a drink on the way to school, work, etc. Every person who works here has a fantastic personality for my tired, groggy, sometimes crabby self, and it really does make my day. I love that the drinks are made to order, and you really feel like the staff is truly happy to create you a delicious drink. I want to go back today now that I wrote about it!
1	I don't know how this or ANY Dutch Bros. Coffee gets anything higher than 2 stars. Their employees have always been very nice and friendly, but I doubt most of them know anything about coffee. Seriously? How does anyone drink this stuff?On several occasions my HOT drink was luke warm at best. I ordered a vanilla latte once and it was mostly vanilla. I only added syrup to distract me from how bad the coffee tastes and ended up with a cup of luke warm vanilla.I guess it's only redeeming qualities are that the staff are nice and you have the convenience of not having to get out of your car and getting everything through the drive thru. That isn't enough for me though. Thank you, Dutch Bros. employees, for being very nice. But I won't be returning to this location (or any of them for that matter) anymore.
4	This Dutch Bros had some of the best customer service I've ever seen from a young guy working on a holiday (Memorial Day). I ordered an Americano which was excellent and just the right proportions. My wife had a soy chai latte which was just a little too sweet, but still good.Overall, it was an experience I would recommend, and it's staying on our list of go-to places as we explore our new neighborhood.
2	I moved to phoenix from northern California where I would get my Dutch Bros. fix almost every day! Either I was spoiled by the great customer service in my area or the service here is really that horrible. I've gone a handful of times and they have all been extremely shallow and inattentive. Not to mention they've all charged me different prices for the same drink! One person charges me $3.50 and someone else charges me $5.25?? Get your act together and be a bit more friendly and real with your customers.
5	I absolutely love this place. I visit this locale about twice a week. While I do my share to support AZ businesses, I can't resist stopping by Dutch Bros. They are the perfect early AM team and always deliver my morning beverage with a smile and friendly banter. Some days the team has giveaways which add to the experience. This place even has a wide array of non-coffee drinks, what's not to love?? Enjoy!
5	Oh, heavenly java...Dutch Bros has mastered customer service, great coffee and a wonderful value. Be warned, if you like only a light coffee flavor, ask for reduced shots. They put twice as many shots (4) in their large drinks as Starbucks for the same price. The roast is always wonderful and balanced without the burnt taste like so many other places. Best of all, the staff is off the hook! They remember your drink after only a visit or two and it tastes exactly the same every single time. Plus, the company now only sells franchises to employees and the sense of pride in what they sell is evident. I have a Starbucks a block away from me and gladly drive the 10 minutes to get to this location.
4	Love the laid back, fun vibe Dutch Bros. always has while serving great drinks. Always get a smile when I drive thru and the baristas have a great time at work and they share the positive atmosphere. The drinks are consistently delicious and they never hesitate when I order a less-than-simple drink.
5	Best service and the most consistent coffee love this place
5	I LOVE Dutch Bros! They have great coffee, great prices and their employees are always friendly! They have a great selection of drinks (ask for their secret menu) that are super yummy! I highly recommend trying one of the custom drinks...the B-52 (sometimes known as the Orange Kicker?) is my favorite!!
4	Yum! So good the coffee here is really sweet and good :) In college in Cali I remember getting the 6 shot 911 and it worked I will be back for a all nighter
4	I am generally against going and spending so much money on coffee but this morning I decided to treat myself.  I will say that the girls genuinely put a smile on my face. Being in Customer Relations, if I could get my staff to be half as excited and cheerful I would be delighted. The coffee was good but the staff was great.
4	Super friendly staff! Iced Kicker is the best!
5	This is hands down my favorite coffee. I get excited when I get to their sign, not just because I am almost finally to work (long commute), but because I know I will be greeted like I've been missed. The coffee is comparable to Starbucks or Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, but the taste far surpasses! This is my favorite treat, I will take it over chocolates or flowers...!  You can sign up for texts or emails about specials, and there are days where you can also participate in community fundraising, like the food drive they did for valentine's day. Three cans of food and a $1 coffee! Dutch Bros is owned by people locally, and they donate back to the community.. pretty much all around great company!
4	Super friendly staff, good prices & yummy iced coffees. What more could you want at 5:30 am!?
5	Dutch Bros. Coffee definitely have not disappointed the Valley.  The staff's cheery demeanor is greatly appreciated and they make a good cup o' joe. The frozen treats look good, but I have never had one.
5	Love this franchise! They train their employees to be friendly and courteous. Hot and frozen drinks are consistent and good.
5	This has become our go to place when we want to treat ourselves to a coffee. Granted, we usually just get an Americano, but that sucker is always hot, great tasting, and served by super friendly people.
5	The people who work at Dutch Bros are seriously the cutest, sweetest baristas, ever. Definitely a funky, party kind of vibe. Wonderful coffee, great service.
5	Usually I go to Starbucks...Going here made me kinda hate Starbucks now!!!!These peeps have urgency, style, and flair. The girl who comes out to take your order is walking super fast!  When we get to the window after the 4 cars in front we had literally been in line 1 minute.  At Starbucks this would have easily been 8-10 minutes.  The window: seriously how nice is the guy asking us what we are up to today and including us in the timing "your carmelizer is coming right up".  Once we got our drinks 20 seconds later we like kinda felt bad leaving our new best friends.The coffee: nonfat carmelizer for me- yummy!Dutch latte for him: not a fanBut my hunny said he liked my drink.I still say 5 stars because of the fact these people look like they love what they do!  So nice to see.
2	Okay, I have been going to Dutch Bros ever since this location opened up.   The coffee is good but I've had enough of the customer service.  The superficial concern, the loud, I mean Really Loud Music and finally the fact I watched the window guy carry on conversations with the cars in front of me that lasted 13 minutes after they got their drinks.   Think about that customer has the drinks and they stay talking in a drive thru.  I was late getting to work. Speaking of work, I wear ties to work, every time my tie is complimented.  Even if they have seen it multiple times.   My cars are complimented, but they aren't extravagant.  I have nice cars and they're newer but nothing super.  I'm saying they just are not sincere.  Sometimes they take my order before getting to the window sometimes not, this last case it was a not.  When I do get to the window they can't hear me because the music is too loud.  So, Thank You Dutch Bros!   I'm sure you haven't missed me in the last 8 days since I haven't come in.  I was a regular and I do have a lot of free drink coupons, I wonder what I can do with them.  Thank you, I've been taking coffee from home everyday saving $3.00 a day.
5	Crazy good coffee! Staff super fast and friendly! Prices reasonable! Everything that Starbucks is not!
5	First time and very impressed!  Baristas are friendly and make awesome coffee.  Will be back often.
5	Well I'm sold. I've been to this location two or three times now. Each and every time I've gotten the most amazing service. The baristas are so friendly and always quick to recommend something new. I've been a Starbucks fan (addict) for years now but I may be changing my following. Today I tried my first Italian soda... Orange with cream. Delish. :)
5	This is the ultimate coffee place not only because of the quality of the coffee, but also the joy, communication and energy from the employees. When you want to have a quick chat that is friendly while getting coffee, the dutch bros is the place to be. The quality of the coffee is superb compared to other leading brands in my opinion. Quick and reasonably priced, dutch bros gives the ultimate experience for coffee and chat.
5	I love this place so much. Every time I visit my parents in Scottsdale we make a trip to this location a few times throughout the week just because it is so delicious and the staff is so friendly. We have had many different baristas now and they are consistently friendly and seem to love their jobs. They always take an interest in us, make recommendations, and make conversation while making our drinks. My favorite so far is the cocomo, a coconut infused mocha! So delicious.
5	Stopped by here yesterday morning on my way to Glendale for the Fiesta Bowl events.  It was New Year's Day and very early in the morning.  The employees all have high energies greeting everyone from the drive-thru window.  All the prices you see from the menu will be what you are paying for, all prices included taxes already so you won't have to worry about what the final prices will be.I thought the wait will be long since there were few cars right in front of me, but no, once I pulled up to the window and got my drink, it was less than 90 seconds and I was out of there.One thing I don't like is if you pay for your drinks by credit card, they don't give you the receipt, you'll have to ask for it yourself.  Not sure about if they'll give you a receipt or not if you pay by cash.Overall services definitely deserved all 5 stars.
5	"Star-what?" Ain't nobody got time for that.Every barista that has ever worked here at this location has sincerely seemed like the nicest person that has ever existed.My suggestions: If you want a casual coffee drink, get an Annihilator (Chocolate and macadamia nut flavored)- iced, hot, or blended....you can't go wrong. If you want "Rocket Fuel", get a blended ER-911 (an Irish Cream blend with SIX shots of espresso- will set you back a dollar extra), tastes like a chocolate milkshake. If you want an energy drink, you can have them make a flavored Blue Rebel (their brand of Red Bull), ask your barista for cool suggestion OR ask for a "Starburst" flavor- so amazing, and Watermelon Almond is great, too.Priced slightly better than Starbucks, but man, it feels so much better to visit a Dutch Bros., especially THIS Dutch Bros.; it truly is good for your soul.
5	Have had nothing but good experiences here! Staff is always friendly and sweet. If things run behind or they make a mistake they almost always give free stamps or discount drinks. Very up beat adn makes it worth the drive every time.
3	So I decided this morning that I was going to stop at Dutch Bros. and try their White Chocolate Mocha with a little extra ummph. Being that I am from Washington state I have a love for delicious coffee. This location was busy and I was optimistic when I saw the line of cars. First, let me say that I thoroughly enjoyed the staff! They were so pleasant, professional and made me feel all warm and fuzzy :0 However, lets get down to the nitty gritty. The coffee.. Oh the disappointment. I was so sad when I tasted it, I had such expectations. It just wasn't what I was hoping for. Mainly the coffee wasn't hot, closer to luke warm. And the White Chocolate flavor just wasn't there. I will more than likely give you guys another chance because let's face it, I love coffee and your service was great! I just hope that the coffee is what I am looking for the next time around :D
5	My husband and I used to treat ourselves on the way to church or if we both had long work days ahead of us. The drive- thru is fast and it goes without saying that the level of customer service is unparalleled at Dutch Bros. I only wish they had locations nationwide, they have the best coffee, best employees who always serve it up fast with enthusiasm!
5	Dutch Bros. Is the best bros!!!  I go here everyday. The baristas are very friendly and always peppy. Love this place. They always make small talk and are super nice. The taste of the coffee is much better than the competition I feel. I prefer my coffee Americana so this is my spot!!!
5	Love this place! Great drinks! You gotta try a blended grasshopper! If you like mint you'll totally dig it!
5	I love Dutch!! They are all so friendly!! I love the Carmelizer blended and the strawberry smoothie.
5	Dutch bros is the BEST! Not only are they fast and friendly but their coffee just does not compare. I can't even go to starbucks anymore because dutch bros just blows starbucks out of the water!  try the kicker or red velvet frap. SO DELICIOUS! Also their rewards stamps are really nice " buy 10 cups get the 11th for free "
5	Whoa, bro! That is some pretty spectacular coffee. Nice little drive thru, jamming music, extremely friendly service, and cool cups that you can easily sip your hot beverage.I mixed the dark chocolate with coconut and it was creamy, smooth, and not overly sweet. Need I mention the perfect temperature. This has to be one of the best coffees I have had in a while. Dare I say best in Phoenix? Heh, but it was darn good. I wish you were closer to me, but I will def be back Dutch!
5	Been going here for a few months and felt it was time to share my findings.  I'm a Starbucks regular, but sometimes I like to step off the beaten path for something new.  This place has great service and best of all a great product that helps me to make it through the day.  I usually get a drip coffee or a soy chai.  The drip coffee has a great roasted taste that beats the heck out of the pike roast at Starbucks.  It's a trendy place with fun music and a staff that has fun doing what they do!    This paired with a great product brings me back on a regular occurrence.
4	Their drive-thru is soooo slooooow, but if you walk right up, you'll get your coffee a lot faster! The quality of this establishment is above what you'll find out of most others. They actually know how to pull some espresso to keep it smooth, and the cocomo (coconut mocha) is a good go-to summer beverage. Only $4 is a steal for the size and quality you're receiving. Not to mention the employee I assume was the manager was incredibly cool and nice! Everyone felt welcome! It's not perfect, but it definitely deserves your business...just endure the heat for 5 minutes and park.
5	Love it. Staff is so friendly. Drinks are great. I want to go every day. But I can't.
5	I just simply love dutch brothers coffee, I drink nothing else at coffee shops.There customer services is awesome, with one minor issue. please limit the customer conversations. We all want good coffee, but we also have to be to workon time.
5	I love this place...the staff is great..drinks are good..and i'm not even a coffee person really. .I usually get the same thing. .double chocolate dutch freezee with whip cream Only complaint is sometimes the music is too loud but..overall this location is fun to come to..
5	Great coffee, and the drive through is a nice touch. I usually don't have trouble as I seem to be the only person in the drive through or perhaps one other person, although it could get pretty slow with even 3 or 4. The staff are ridiculously nice...ridiculously! I'm not sure if they have some magic air in there that makes them all so happy, but I've never left Dutch Bros. without a HUGE smile plastered on my face...kindness is infectious! Great coffee, always made EXACTLY how I want/expect...no surprises here. They also ALWAYS have a treat for the dogs as well (for free).
5	The staff is so friendly, you won't even need the coffee. Ask for a sticker!
5	Drive thru coffee time!!  I kinda want to ask for an employment application just to meet these hilarious, sweet, & laid back customer centric outward focus employees!Impressed they take orders outside & appreciated the recommendation to add coconut to my Dutch freeze.  He says "tell me how you like it" which makes me wonder how many baristas want feedback at the be Sbucks?Get to the window in about 2 minutes and window guy says "it's on me"!  How sweet! Was it because Im a young hot chick or perhaps because I got a recommendation from the order taker??  Either way it made my day!So detouring to make this spot (or the one on central & camelback) my primary coffee go-to!  At $5 a pop (usually) I like feeling appreciated!  The also have a punchcard so you get a 10th coffee free.
5	I'm addicted to a big blended white mocha the main difference between Dutch other coffee places of you haven't tried it yet is the customer service they care about there customers and get to know them and there favorite drinks.
5	Bestest coffee ever and wicked chill staff... Stickers on the 1st of the month?! Damn gotta hook that lovin up next month! ER-911 is THE drink to get your buzz on. For real.
5	I'm from Cali and was visiting AZ and my sister took me to have a latte.. Hands down this place is by far much better them Starbucks!!! Please come down and open in SoCal! Their customer service rocks!!!!! Super friendly!!
5	This is easily my favorite coffee place of all time! I'm convinced it's a job requirement to be positive here, but it's so easy to be uplifted on top of the caffeine I'm about to consume! I love the environment and the drinks! My favorites are the frozen caramelizer and blueberry pomegranate smoothie! All of my friends have converted to thr Dutch side happily!!!
5	Mostly teens working there. Always friendly and talkative service. They provide excellent service and recommendations. There is always music going on to keep the place lively and upbeat as I call it. The coffee has always been great. I always get the iced kicker or once in a while I'll have it blended, yum. What's really awesome it when they give you double stamps on (I believe it's Tuesday). Those stamps add up really fast and you end up getting a free beverage. This past is awesome, I have ever been disappointed. What more can I say?
5	Not only is their coffee better than anywhere else. They Always friendly staff. Going here makes my day. Annihilator!
5	I am grieving the loss of manager Ryan but wish him the best in his new venture.  That being said all the staff here is great and I'm proud to call this location my coffee spot.
1	Ever since this new crew came in to this shop I have to say not only is service horrendous and extremely slow but the attitude on this one new barista is insane. I not only waited in line for 20 minutes but also got to wait outside the window for another 5 minutes until she responds with "is someone helping you". When I replied no she said oh ok what do you want.... I spent $15 a day on average here and no more, back to Starbucks.
3	The drinks are the best although be prepared to wait. Wish they came up with a better system or spent less time talking and just gave you your drinks.. Don't go if your in a hurry!
5	Dutch Bros is pretty much amazing. I love their carmelizer freeze and my kids love their smoothies. The staff us always so friendly. Sometimes i have to wait a bit longer in the drive thru but then when i get a chance to look inside there is only 2 or 3 people working at that time. So no biggie it happens. I'm sure ill be back very very soon.
