2	I think this place is really more of a 2.5, depending on your gown style preferences. But here's the general lowdown:Staff- The women who work in this shop are very pleasant and helpful.Store- The store itself is tiny and cramped. Not a good place for claustrophobic brides unless you have a brown paper bag handy.Inventory - Many of the dresses are quite dated (if you're having an 80's throwback themed wedding, you'll definitely find a suitable dress here), but a few had some promise. Another engaged friend and I had been checking out the Maggie Sottero dresses and the sales clerk eagerly offered to order any dress from the stack of vendor catalogs she had piled on the cash wrap. She also seemed willing to work with pricing, so at least for any "Maggie Brides" out there, if you see a Maggie Sottero gown somewhere else (and Adeline doesn't carry a sample of the one you fell in love with) it might be worth checking with them on pricing and order/ delivery time frames.Prices - Most of the dresses fell between the $800 - $1800 price point.
5	Yolanda is great!  My coworker referred me to her for alterations and she is way more affordable than other seamstresses!  My bridesmaids and I all got our alterations done by her and they were satisfied.  She made a mistake on one of my bridesmaids dresses but it wasn't a big one anyway so she was able to repair it fairly quickly.
1	I'm getting married next summer and have just begun my search for the perfect dress! I drove by about 3:00 in the afternoon and noticed the "come in, we're open" sign. I decided to give it a shot and to my dismay, the shop was closed. I called the number to find out what the actual hours were and the protocol needed to see the dresses. When the sales clerk answered the phone, I was surprised to learn she was in fact in the store and even though I was right out front she would not open the doors for me to even browse through the dresses. She claimed because she was the only sales person in the store she could not help me because she had other things to do. Mind you there were no other patrons in the shop! Hmmm... I thought the whole purpose of a bridal shop was to sell wedding dresses! Because, I'm a fair person, I set up an appointment for the following day. Let you know how that goes!
2	Very..Very small place and kinda warm inside for being there in the summer time. The people are nice but dont speek too good english which makes it hard to communicate. Well my son was in a Quience and everyone in the party  got their dresses and tux there. The girls dresses were pretty. The tux fittings for some of  the guys were inaccurate from the start. When we made a payment on the tux, I was told they would be open but when I got there they were closed. I stood outside in the hot sun calling and calling untill one lady finally answered and let me in.  Then 2 weeks for the fitting 3 days before the party and the shop was closed :( The lady told me to be thete and again I had to call and no answer, so I waited till she ash owed up. My son tried on his tux and sure enough the pants were too big and a little short :/, we had to come back again the next day to fit again for it and finally pick it up. Wow I never been threw such a hassle like this before, I don't recommend this place to anyone, unless you really have patients for mess up's and waiting time...
