4	I probably drove by this place a thousand times, and didn't give it a second thought. Housed in a muddy yellow, squat brick building, with a dingy awning, I didn't have much hope for Ollie's. But Sunday morning, the pantry was empty, we were out of coffee (NOOOOOOO!!!), and needed to calorie-load for a busy day of home improvement. The area IHOPs and Waffle Houses, are always just  meh at best. The dining experiences there usually involve lots of crying babies, spotty service, and sticky tables. Black Bear Diner just had a ridiculous number of cars in the parking lot, and we were not up for a long wait. Plus their biscuits are dry and crumbly.That's when Ollie's popped into our minds. When we arrived, there was a decent number or cars in the parking lot, but not too many. The interior betrays the dull exterior. It is bright, and minimally decorated with cutesy country accents, and a couple of portable AC units. We were seated within a minute by a friendly hostess.Our server, a no-nonsense kind of lady, with probably many years of front of the house experience, came by shortly thereafter. She offered a  a quick "good morning," and came back in a hurry with a carafe of surprisingly good coffee. As she went around the room, doting on the regulars, we looked over the menu.No surprises there. The first 80-something selections are omelets. I'm sorry to say, I'm not a big fan of omelets. So I chose the egg and cheese breakfast burritos and some home fries. My dining companion chose the steak and eggs with hash browns.Our order was to our table in record time. The server left before we could ask for any condiments, but like a true veteran, she was back in a few seconds, laden with everything we could possibly need.First impressions -- presentation was minimal. After all, it is just breakfast, so I don't really care about all that anyway. The burrito was piping hot, so I snacked on the home fries for a while. Whoa! They were good! Crispy and seasoned on the outside, fluffy on the inside -- like curly fries, but in dice form.When I could finally pick up the burrito, I found it stuffed with light, fluffy eggs and cheddar cheese. The cheese was kind of cheapie and took a while to melt, but tasted OK. The salsa served with it was not bad.My companion's verdict on the steak and eggs was that it was good, but not worth $8.99. I believe our total bill was about $21.All in all, this may be our new "go-to" restaurant for breakfast, when we wake up unprepared and starving.
3	I tell first what I like about this place, the old driving out of town feeling, when you look outside it looks like you are in a small town passing through.  The food was good, the service was okay, the ladies are a bit older, so smiling is not part of their service.  The part that I dont like is that the restaurant is way too old fashion, they don't have splenda in this time and age...all restaurant should have some.  Anyway, I wouldn't go out of my way, but if that's all I can find because is really close home...then it will do.
1	With all due respect, fellow Yelpers, I don't know why you like this place. The food is awful and made with cheap, low-quality ingredients that add up to a mediocre meal. I ordered No. 18, the bacon, mushroom, tomato and cheese omelet. My dining companions ordered No. 45 and orange juice, and the waffle special (waffle, egg and sausage). No. 18 was an overcooked, rubbery mess with a couple of mushroom slices, a teaspoon of diced tomatoes and no cheese that I could find. There *was* plenty of bacon. The omelet was supposed to be made with four large eggs--definitely not!  The omelet came with toast and hash browns. The hash browns are instant (those of you who have worked in food service know how the dried potatoes are dumped into a bucket of water and allowed to soak overnight). No amount of salsa can make them taste like real potatoes. I ordered whole wheat toast. The toast was made from cheap, stale bread that was a vaguely brown color with no discernable whole grains, and coated with butter-flavored oil. I asked for salsa. It was bottled, not made at the restaurant, and I was charged 50 cents for about a tablespoon of the stuff. Almost every breakfast place has its delicious house-made salsa, but not Ollie's. My dining companions' breakfasts were about the same: overcooked, everything made from instant mixes and the cheapest ingredients possible. The sausage that came with the waffle special was disgusting--the cheap kind with more mystery-meat filler (hope it was soy, but who knows?) than meat and a gross, spongy texture.The OJ my dining companion ordered never arrived. Service: Warm, friendly greeting at the door, but after that, mediocre (waitress forgot stuff, and the male owner was downright surely when I asked for more salsa to drown the hash browns). Ambiance: Extremely noisy. Lots of screaming kids and their parents (who don't behave much better than their kids). Coffee: Mediocre. But in Ollie's defense, I found this to be the case all over Arizona. Apparently, folks in Arizona prefer the taste of Folgers and its bland ilk, because even the hipster breakfast place we went to served it this way. If you want a tasty cup of dark roast, you'll have to go to Starbucks.  Bottom line: for the price, about $12 per person, you can do MUCH better. Pass on Ollie's.
3	Ollie's Omelette House is a small little diner that is never really busy but never empty either. It reminds me of a small town restaurant where the locals eat at and outside people passing by wouldn't look twice at. The food is good, the price is great. Its quiet and we dont come here with the kids out of respect for other guests eating. Compared to other places where you can get a decent meal for $4.99 I have no complaints!
1	well, sometimes "little hole in the wall" places are very good and tend to surprise you... but not this place... The service was good and friendly, but the food was horrible. The orange juice tasted very bad, the gravy on the biscuits tasted like flour and water (paper mache) the bacon and mushroon omlet had a bad after taste... skip this place and go to ihop.
3	Lambaste me later, but I hate eggs with a passion. Can't stand 'em. So why go to an omelette house? Because they serve up a big lunch. I went with the California burger, with cheese and guac. Opting for half fries and half onion rings, I'll say now to GET THE ONION RINGS. They're the delicious beer battered kind, and not that breaded bullshit you get from Burger King. Anyways, it wasn't half bad. All 1/2 a pound of it, which I had trouble finishing. Couldn't hurt that it was only $6.35, either. What made my experience noteworthy, however, was the service. There were tons of other customers, but staff was so fast I felt like I had my own personal butler at my side.If it weren't open from 6AM to 2PM, I'd for sure come here more often. I'll be back for the breakfast, and will update then. In the mean time, check this place out! You know I won't steer you in the wrong direction.
2	I went here with my husband, because it was one of the closest breakfast joints that showed up on my cell's navigation. :o) It seemed ok from the outside. When you get in, you'll notice there's a really low ceiling, so I felt a little cramped right off the bat. Anyway, we were seated right away, which was nice on a Sunday morning. It was busy inside, but not packed by any means. The decor was okay, but nothing special as well. The blinds were vinyl white pull downs that looked like a movie projector screen when the sun was shining thru it, so that was amusing. There were a lot of options on the menu, including a lunch/brunch menu. They had 40+ omelette combos to choose from (including an egg beaters substitute option). I decided to get the omelette w/ guacamole, sour cream, cheese served w/ hash browns and toast (they offered a pancake instead of toast, fyi). My husband got a similar omelette w/ avocado (#29) and pancake instead. It took a while to order, b/c we asked for 1 mins, we got 6 mins to decide. :o(  When the food came, the presentation didn't wow us at all and the pancake that my husband got  was literally stuck to the plate...what the....??! But he said it tasted okay, as he gave me this funny look. So then,I started eating my food and it seemed decent, but not the best I had.  I don't know if I would eat here again, but we'll see if I'm in the area.
3	Nice, clean, open, and friendly.  Got there at 1 pm, just an hour before closing, and the place was nearly deserted, but they choose to seat us at the table farthest from the front door.  Maybe they had already cleaned the tables upfront getting ready to close in an hour.  Who knows,but they were very friendly about it.  The food was not out of this world, but good.  Not very good, but enjoyable.  The wait, especially when the place was so slow, was too long for the quality of the food. It's nice for a meal, but nothing to write home about.
3	Stopped in for breakfast last Saturday about 7:30.  I got a bit worried as I was the only customer in the place.  This must be normal because the place started filling up and the hostess and busboy started at 8:00.  Service was efficient and friendly. The restaurant was clean and the tables and seating were in good shape.Keeping in theme with the name of omelet house, there is an entire page of omelets.  Really a bunch of different add ins listed as separate omelets.  I ordered mine with ham, onions, bell pepper and cheese.  It came out ok, nothing wrong with it but sort of flavorless.  The hash browns were fully cooked and brown on top.  Some folks may not like they were a bit greasy but that gave them flavor.  Solid local breakfast/lunch place with reasonable pricing.  But nothing to get excited about.
3	I have gone here for about 3 or 4 years now and have noticed the food has gotten a little bland. It's got a good atmosphere, pleasant wait staff, and it's pretty clean. The food has become average and on the bland side, but for a quick bite to eat out running errands its good.
2	Thought this would be some great home style breakfast. The food was honestly really poor i can cook much better at home and thats a bad sign. Id say its about one step BEHIND Dennys  and dennys is as low budget and badic as it gets. They use the cheapest ingredients here and everything taste bland or bad. There is no focus on quality of food nor ingredients used. They clearly just buy the cheapest options available and serve it to you.  I was embarrassed for the owners when I saw that this place never gets cleaned, dusted, or updated. Very old decor with dust all over and it's extremely hot and muggy in here. There was no A/c being used at all when we came in on FATHERS DAY! Very dissatisfied from top to bottom this place was a complete disaster. I can go on and on about the negatives but I'm sure u get the point by now.
1	Heck no, this place is awful and I didn't even get to try the food. My family and I went on a Sunday and the place was packed so I was thrilled! A new place with such great food that there was only one table open. Awesome right? Um no. Apparently that was the 'do not serve' table and we didn't see anyone for 10 minutes to take our order. We didn't even get drinks!! Our stupid asses sat there for 45 minutes and our food wasn't there yet. So I talked to the manager and she gave me a story about how a waitress just walked out durning our order but did not offer us anything. Not that I was expecting much but not even a sorry???  I was so ticked off. We ended up walking out. Never. Again.
3	I used to go here with an ex-girlfriend since this was the only cheap decent breakfast place around that wasn't Ihop or Denny's. It's okay, the food is mediocre but its cheap so what do you expect? I like the fact that it's small and definitely diner like so it makes you feel warm and cozy. I'd much rather prefer this place over a denny's or a cheap chain restaurant. But if I was looking for a great breakfast place Ollies would NOT be my 1st choice.
2	Gave this 2 stars because the place is nice and fairly clean, and the waitress was very attentive. The food was not so good. I ordered the corned beef hash omelette and kept looking to find any hash in that omelette. Had a friend that ordered the same thing, and he never found much in his omelette either. Very bland omelette, potatoes were OK, coffee tasted like instant. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
5	Had there fish and Chip's was really good. Service was really good food came out hot and fresh.
5	Came on fathers day , we got there early cause it gets packed.. staff was very attentive and never had a problem refilling drinks or answering questions .. The food was awesome and huge portions for little money. My omelet was 7.50 and came with thin cut potatoes ! OVER ALL will definitely be back !!
5	Coming from the food industry myself, I must say that this place is pretty awesome! Came out here from CA to celebrate Father's Day and decided to bring dad here for breakfast.  The food comes in big portion for the money. I ordered the fried chicken and waffle which had really good flavors.  The waffle had the perfect texture.  Service is fast and friendly considering on a busy morning. After reading all the Yelps review, I believe that it is under rated. It seems like most of the reviews was from the previous owner when it was still Ollie's Omelette House. People ought to give this place a try and see for themselves. I'll be back and will try their other items on the menu.
5	If you haven't been to Ollie's Diner, you are missing out on not only exceptional home cooked food, but amazing hospitality as well! Sam, the owner, is very nice and makes you feel right at home. Johnathon, our waiter, took  great care of us and was very attentive to detail. I had the chicken fried steak, and it was the best I'd ever had, and very well priced! We are going to become regulars here now, and I would recommend this place to anyone!!
2	Food was not at there best tonight 11/07/14. Food was cold the calm chowder was very thick like glue. Order CAME Out Wrong AND Was Cold. When we told the waitress it was wrong she seemed upset brought out the ticket and said "see this what you ordered so did I write it down wrong?" That was uncalled for over frinch fries really wow.
5	Went in Sat. night for early 5:30pm dinner. Wanted diner food. Seated in a nice comfy clean booth. Great server...dealing with all the tables & one server he did a great job:) nice dinner salad, id skip the soup, done right baked potato & shrimp basket for $8.99! Wow a lot of food. Hubby had club sandwich w/ ff..also done right. Large portions, fresh meal & better than Denny, IHOP etc. let's support small businesses:) 5 stars is overall a good deal for food, great service & clean surroundings. Give them a try.
2	ehhh...barely edible. Went for breakfast on a Sunday morning with a party of 5, typically busy. Bad layout of restaurant...lots of booths around the perimeter and tables squished in the middle. I had 2 eggs, 2 sausage patties and 2 biscuits & gravy. Everything but the sausage was cold, the biscuits weren't homemade and the gravy tastes like raw flour. Mother-In Law's food was also cold and one order of "toast" came out as bread- not toasted at all. There was no point in sending it back because no one ever checked back. My husbands food came out steaming hot, needs better timing in the kitchen. We won't be back...
