2	You want honesty? Here it is. I would not go to this store if it weren't for some of the prices and the proximity to my home. The cashiers *may* be friendly - you never know. I usually end up listening to my cashier complain to the person bagging, about the previous customer or how many hours they have left in their shift. I've experienced complete transactions without making eye contact or more than a few words. More than a few times, I've had to trot back into the store and stand at the customer service desk, to ask my bread to be replaced. The baggers there seem to make it their goal to squash it. It's atrocious, it is crowded (which is good for local economy, but not my sanity), and the produce quality is usually sad. I once had an experience with the Customer Service, where they refused to sell do a $250 Western Union transaction without seeing my social security card - and were unable to produce a written store or Western Union policy to back this. I went across the street to Safeway, and had my transaction done within a few minutes. And I didn't have to show my SS card. I had it with me. It's the principle. Also, their gas station card scanners (for the discount) rarely work, so everyone stands in line. The last time I did that, I didn't even get the discount I had just earned in the store, and was out of patience to get back in line to ask for it. Fun stuff, man. The positives, and basically the reasons why this place gets any stars and why I still go every so often: Their prices are usually lower than my preferred store, Safeway. When they have really good sales, the items are in stock, like their recent 'buy 9 items, get $9 off'. Wish I could say that for every store. Their produce leaves something to be desired, but they do carry items like lemongrass stalks, or watercress, and those are usually in good shape. The deli snail service drives me insane, but they have tons of Boar's Head for a decent price. And it's only a mile away. Two stars for those things. If it were any further, I would not even go.
1	Fuck, I hate Fry's, this one especially. Went when visiting a friend out in Surprise.. fucking packed, stupid fucking lay out, sensory over load. Who says Americans need these many choices. Fuck, I hate Fry's.
3	This Fry's is always busy so if you plan on shopping here, bring a little bit of patience and leave the kids at home.  Honestly, this store is huge and every checkout lane is smokin usually.  They really are the busiest grocery store I have ever seen.  Why are they so busy?  Well one reason I can think of is that they are the only game in town for good prices other than a Walmart Grocery Store.  The Safeway across the street from them is terrible in so many ways, that I think Safeway has driven their business over to Frys.  The deli at this Frys is just kind of mediocre by the way, and the bakery is worse.  But again, the prices for your general shopping cannot be beat here.
3	This is the closest Grocery store to me, Their prices aren't bad, they actually have a really decent wine and liquor section, and I can actually find some of the Local AZ winerie's bottles on their shelves.  The place is huge, they have just about everything, even was able to pick up an HDMI cable when I got my new bluray player and needed one in a pinch.It's typically pretty clean and well stocked and staff are friendly.The only drawback would be how busy this store can get at times.  It can be difficult to find parking without walking half a klick at times, which I don't mind, but not when I'm in a hurry.  At times I find myself going to the smaller Safeway across the street because I know I can get in and out.Otherwise not a bad grocery store to live a stones throw (probably of the rocket propelled variety) away from
4	The best supermarket in Surprise. They always have what I need and the people are always friendly. Newly added is four more express lanes, which means you can skip the long line of senior citizens/soccer moms and check yourself out. I'd skip on any wine or liquor purchases and hit that Total Wine or World Market.
4	Fry's is really close to my house, and is one of my favorite places to get groceries in the area. Employees are really friendly, overall it's a pretty good place to shop.
4	This Fry's location has only one knock against it....Wait for it.Wait for it....Ok, here it is.  This place is crazy busy, 24/7.  The parking lot is always crazy.  The aisles are always jammed.  Checking out is always a chore....But everything else about this place is golden.  The employee's are friendly and helpful.  The store is clean and well maintained.  The selection is great and the prices kick Safeway and Basha's collective butts.The deli is great, the bakery is great, and what else can I say?  Frys is great but be ready to deal with the crowd.  When you cannot handle the crowd your alternative is to deal with Safeways higher prices.
2	If I have to shop there I do it in the morning before it is over ran with other shoppers. It is still better than the Fry's on Reems and Bell. I need a drink before I go there.
4	I don't even think about what store I want to go to when it comes to groceries. Down the street from my house, good prices on the core items I buy each week, clean, good beer selection, high quality produce and at least in this location, FREE WiFi! I am also a fan of the number of self checkouts my local store has. Although the staff is always friendly, I want want to get in and out ASAP!
5	Love this store, I wont shop anywhere else! I save more money shopping here than at wal mart, and the produce and meats are excellent.  They have the sushi guy too, yumm!
5	This was my first time at a Fry's and I really loved it. This one had patio furniture and all kinds of things, kinda reminded me of Target on one side and the full grocery on the other. The cashier who checked me out was super nice, generous and polite. I had a coupon for a product which I wasn't able to use and she still gave me the dollar savings! Also when I was a few cents short of the payment (cause I didn't want to break a bigger bill) she let that slide too. I wish I remembered her name, cause she was awesome!
3	Im typically a fan!However i tend to do self checkout because i ALWAYS get stuck bagging my own groceries if i dont do self checkout. I cant watch what your ringing up if im having to bag my own stuff. And it always seems as if there is a bagger just standing around talking/texting while i do it, and they tend to just disappear when its my turn.... i dont get this one! And yet managers stand there and just look at me while i bag... so frustrating.However last night was horrible! I ran in quickly to get 2 newspapers and seen the christmas stuff was on sale. I found a bag of candy and asked the gal if she could tell me how much it was. She rang it up and it was 3.99, i asked if it was on sale still and she tells me how am i supposed to know enter your card number then i can tell you. Really? I could not believe the attitude, i believe she was upset because I interupted her hugging on a guy who was visiting her while she was working... Sorry its called a job!
5	I can't really say anything bad about this location at all.  They provide great customer service, place is clean and organized and the produce is fresh.  They have some really good deals sometimes!  This week they have rockstars for $0.79 per can for every ten that you buy.  That is a great deal.  It seems to always be a really busy place.
4	I come for the Tullys, but I stay because it's the only thing close to Fred Meyer that we have in Arizona.
4	I prefer sprouts for fruits and veggies, but overall this Fry's location is always very very clean and the employees are friendly. If I'm getting anything other than produce, this is where I go. This location is much cleaner and nicer than the bell rd location. I always go to this one even though it's a little further for me.
4	Good service and products here. I like coming here because the cashiers are always friendly and they seem to take good care of the store. I will be back.
4	What can I say, I love having a Fry's right by my new home! This store is quite huge and has everything you need from dairy, meat, fish, sushi, deli, produce, to household items, furniture, electronics.. you name it and they got it.They have 8 self checkout counters that help speed up the process and there is always an open lane when I'm there.And who can go wrong with the gas prices and member discounts?
1	Never met a pleasant person there. - Cashiers rude - people that shop there are rude.
4	This is my regular grocery store and one stop shop.  The people are real nice.  All the produce guys like me and run and grab me raspberries when I show up.  I love it!
5	Always always friendly service, fast checkout, and staff around the store always ask if I am finding everything ok.
3	I love Fry's. I love their selection. I love the clean store. I love the fact that the produce is always fresh. The bakery does a beautiful job!  I even love the free wifi. I also love the self-checkout stations too. That having been said, I've never met a more miserable group of people than those WORKING at this Fry's. The cashiers never seem very happy to be there no matter what time of day I'm there. They appear overworked and under appreciated and most of the baggers come across in the same way. Don't get me wrong--the staff is cordial enough to customers and will help when asked but no one seems very happy or even content to be working there. I'm not saying you have to turn cartwheels at your job, but there is an undertone of discontent there that is palpable.  I hope whatever is going on in management there gets fixed because this is a great store!
4	I have two Frys stores equal distance from my house. This store may be a little older than the other, but it is better. Great staff and I can actually navigate around the store. Large parking lot and always easy to get in and out of the fuel area.
4	I LOVE this Frys! They are always clean, have fast check outs and the Pharmacy is fantastic! Whoot Whoot!
1	Horrible experience tonight!!! My wife and I came in for one item, the standard check out lines were packed and understaffed with cashiers so we went through the quick check out and our one item rang up at twice the price with our Frys card. We had to wait five minutes for an attendant to help us and correct the problem. She was extremely rude and treated us like we were the problem, not their system. We will be shopping at Safeway right across the street from now on.
2	I'm new to the area and have shopped here a few times already. Being from Chicago I'm used to things being a bit expensive but I've got to say that I was shocked by how much groceries cost here! The deli and bakery sections just flat out suck too. The store itself is decent, clean and the employees are friendly so I'll give them that. I have yet to find a grocery store in this area that I like. I wish there was a Mariano's around here.
4	They've got everything here, and the customer service is great. I left a bottle of vodka in the bag at the self checkout and they held it for me until I got back an hour later! Only thing I can think of to complain about is the single serving drink cooler (tea and soda) is often poorly stocked.
5	I always shop here, except a few items that I know I can get cheaper at Walmart. Just for Fun I actually tried the albertsons nearby... Wow. What a joke. Then I went to the Safeway, not too bad but not as nice and more expensive. This frys has everything, they are friendly, it's clean and pretty good prices, especially when you buy what Is on special that week.
1	The last few times being in that store I've noticed that the manager Temple is very rude to his employees and he even had an elderly lady help with his put downs on a young man working there. So disappointing that an adult is willing to put down his employees!!
5	My favorite Fry's location ever!!!What I love:Outstanding customer service. Whenever I happen to pass by a Fry's employee I always get a friendly "hello". Everyone is very helpful and actually act like they want to help you instead of treating you like a nuisance.  Produce area is kept clean, have yet to come across a rotten piece of fruit.  They have recently introduced more organics. Aside from groceries they have a small electronics area, arts and crafts,  home goods from bed linens to furniture,  beauty products, a sushi counter and Starbucks. Oh, almost forgot the gas center. You can pretty much get all of your shopping done in one trip which I do to avoid the crowd at Wal-Mart. Really happy with how Fry's has stepped their game up and continue to keep up with the quality of the products they sell.
5	Fry's is super solid!  This location is like a mile from my house..maybe less? I could definitely walk there if need be. I love this store!  They have everything you could imagine.  Bag of chips?  Yup.  Batteries?  Yup.  New kitchen table?  Yup. Pots and Pans?  Yup.  New bath towels? Yup.  Chase bank inside the store?  Yup. Drive thru pharmacy?  Yup.  Great ice cream selection (Blue Bell, Blue Bunny, Turkey Hill, Ben and Jerry's etc)?  Yup. Fantastic chicken tenders from the deli counter?  Yup.   Gas Station out front which currently has unleaded for $1.99 a gallon?  Yup! This place has EVERYTHING!  I can't think of a bad thing to say about Fry's.  I am glad it is close by and I much prefer this store over Albertsons and Safeway!  Even if I lived far away, I would still drive here to this Fry's.  I like it the best out of all other Phoenix Fry's that I have been to.
