5	I LOVE Melisa. I have a super sweet and fantastic labrador-pitbull mix and he weighs between 80 - 85lbs. I always worry about price and having been to Petsmart and Petco for grooming, and also being a college student on a limited income, I never felt comfortable enough leaving him with a groomer and also shelling out a lot of money because he's so big. I heard about her through an organization called Incred-A-Bull and Melisa had an August special for pitbull breeds for $30. I immediately made an appointment with her though she suggested I visit first so I could feel comfortable with leaving my beloved dog. I just went ahead and made the appointment, and when I arrived, the grooming space is completely OPEN. I mean you see the dogs in the kennels waiting, you see where and how she washes the dogs, you see everything. Not one of those places where you have no idea what they do to their dog because of a wall or something. My dog walked around the lobby area (she does one pet at a time) and actually peed on one of her rugs because he smelled the presence of dogs before him.Anyways, I felt comfortable with Melisa, she answered all questions and concerns, and called exactly an hour after to notify us that our dog was done. When we picked him up, he was happy, not stressed, very calm, and kept licking her. He had his nails grinded instead of cut (beautifully!), his ears were cleaned, he got a fantastic wash and was rubbed with  coconut oil, and was brushed and the works. It was amazing. I called her again last week to schedule an appointment for my dog, and for everything I would pay $35. Completely reasonable and she's fantastic. Don't go anywhere else. Go to Melisa. She's more than a professional. She's a master and just fantastic. Check out her Facebook page, email her, call her whatever you need to see the best groomer in this town.
5	We have been using On All 4's for almost a year now, even before they moved to their current location. Very friendly. Very gentle with the dogs. Our two dogs both have longish hair and can be difficult to get a decent looking cut. On All 4's does such a great job with ours. Highly recommend these guys!
5	I am a Realtor in town and Melissa came to me to find a home. This was the start of a great relationship. I learned she had a business in town. She explained her background and qualifications.  Though I had been using another groomer I wanted to try her out. Melissa the proprietor of the business is also the groomer. She is a licensed professional groomer. For your information have you ever asked your groomer if they were licensed? In this town they don't have to be.Her store is an open concept. Which means you precious pet isn't walked into a back room leaving me always to wonder if my little guy was okay. You can stay and watch or go for a cup of coffee. Your dog isn't being groomed on an assembly line. Melissa is all about this being a calming experience for your pet. She grooms one pet at a time. She doesn't discriminate...all dogs are welcome.  She has one price, with no gimmicks to inflate the price. This place is amazing I am her customer forever!
5	After having my 4 legged daughter massacred by another grooming service, I found Melissa. She is fabulous! My dog gets so many compliments, which in turn I let them know about On All 4's-Elite Grooming. Melissa is a master in every sense of the word. My Zena loves her too.
5	Melissa is amazing!  I bring my two Norwich Terriers to her, and she does a fantastic job.  She is friendly, caring, and experienced - a total professional.  My dogs look great, and I know that when they are with her, they are well taken care of.  Overall, I would have to say that Melissa is the best, and I am lucky to have found her.
5	Just picked up Rocky from his visit with Melissa. She's a miracle worker! Rocky is probably one of the most difficult pups at the groomers and she did an amazing job with him! I'd definitely take him back and recommend to others.
5	Best groomer. Not just in Vegas. She's amazing. Expert advice. Truly cares about animals. Came in early for me, informative. Soooo happy I found her. THANK YOU!!!!!
5	Our dogs came home looking great and they definitely enjoyed their baths! She is so great! She asked how I wanted my Pomeranian mix trimmed since his hair was so long. Every time we take them to petsmart, I can't tell if they even trimmed him at all which is frustrating when petsmarts is so expensive. Melissa thinned out his hair perfectly! And it's cheaper that what we are used to paying! Great experience!
4	I was very excited to try Melissa my dog's new groomer since she has great reviews. Her shop is in the plaza between Tropicana and Flamingo on Hualapai. Nothing fancy, just strictly grooming. Pros:-Melissa is great! She wanted to make sure we were selecting the right haircut for our dog, letting us know about potential for sunburn with really short cuts-the shop is clean and open. You don't have to worry about what happens in the back because you can watch her groom your dog. -one groomer, one dog at a time. By appointments only. This is to avoid the long wait-reasonably priced at $50 for my small dog's full groomCons:I asked for a very short haircut (almost a shave) and she came back with razor burn under her hind legs and the base of her tail. It's likely because my dog was moving around but it's a bit disconcerting. Needless to say, we rushed to get a cone of shame, hydrocortisone cream, and neosporin to soothe the areas. It's very unfortunate because other than that, we really love out dog's haircut and would use her again (but next time, not such a short cut!)Overall, I'd happily use Melissa again, but will let her know next time that my dog is sensitive to razor burns.
5	This is the place to take your dogs,Melissa  has been doing my three dogs every sence she open up her store last year.my three dogs always come home looking like there on the red carpet.she is the best groomer,,so give her a chance to do your dogs,,the shop is very clean.melissa an her son work there .she is amazing
5	Do you own a Poodle?Prier to me started going to Melissa I had tried so many different  groomers that said they knew how to groom standard poodles but I was never happy with there work.I can honestly say that Melissa is the best groomer that I have ever been too. She really knows that she's doing and I recommend her to all my clients and friends.
5	On All 4's is the absolute best! My husband and i have two dogs...a year and half old pit bull and a senior French Bulldog named Cali who has a bad back. Not from injury but bad breeding. Melissa and her staff give Cali the care and tenderness she needs when she gets a bath. They dont cage dry her either! She gets the VIP treatment when she is there. On a personal note...Our air conditioner went out on sunday when it was 109 and not a repair man in sight...Melissa did not hesitate to allow both my dogs to stay with her for the day on Monday until my unit was fixed. Thank god because my frenchie wasnt dealing well with the extreme heat. Melissa truly loves dogs and her clients and it shows in her work and the care she provides for our four legged babies while they are in her care. The Joachin family loves you On All 4'S!!
5	We love bringing our dogs to On All 4s! Melissa and her son really take care of our three dogs. We love that we are able to watch them be bathed and cut. I would recommend this groomer to anyone! Melissa is so knowledgeable about dog care and it shows that she truly cares about all dogs.
5	on all 4's is an excellent place for pet grooming. Melissa is wonderful, she explains haircuts and gives her professional advice to you. she is from the midwest which i am also from the midwest, she is a trustworthy person and professional. i have been taking my yorkie to her for about 6 months and i would never take her any place else now. i was looking for a place where when i called or walked in the groomer would know me and my baby by name and i certainly have found that with melissa. she's very knowledgeable and cares deeply for the animals that she grooms i would highly recommend melissa to anyone  is looking for this type of person to groom their babies.
5	Love bringing my little Skittles there, She is really taken care of and the owner is very passionate about her job. She is very welcoming and loving to the dogs. Melissa knows what she is talking about and has great experience. I Highly recommend this place.
5	She did a great job on my Cavaliers, and I love that the dogs are not in tiny kennels while they wait before and after their groom. Will be back! Thank you!!
1	DO NOT get your dog groomed at On All 4's. Groomer, Melissa wounded my dog's two legs and did not even claim responsibility and blamed it on my dog saying it was her own skin irritation. My dog is 8 years old and never had a skin infection, and definitely not before I took her in today. The groomer was not apologetic at all, worst experience ever.To owners reponse:Even though I don't comb her everyday I still l do maintain as much as I can by bathing and trimming her hair in between grooming sessions. Her hair was not EXTEMELY matte as you claim, and no she does not have sensitive skin because she has gone to many groomers before without this problem. The point of this was you inflicted this wound on her on her that day and were not apolgetic. Anyway, isn't in your expetise to groom and un matte the animal's hair without inflicting pain or wounds? If you are claiming that she was hurt because her hair was matte then no one should bring their dog here for a groom because I'm sure whoever is in need of getting a groom will definitely have some tangles- if not worse. And spending as much time as you did (3 hours) I would think you would be more careful. Oh and by the way you did not even bother to cut her two front paw nails. Like I said, you did not even apologize for your mistake. Not even in your response. Don't expect a visit from me, I also have made a point to all my friends and family to not bring their pets here.
1	To owners response: even though I don't comb her everyday I still l do maintain as much as I can by bathing and trimming her hair in between grooming sessions. Her hair was not EXTEMELY matte as you claim, and no she does not have sensitive skin because she has gone to many groomers before without this problem. The point of this was you inflicted this wound on her on her that day . Anyway, isn't in your expetise to groom and un matte the animal's hair without inflicting pain or wounds? If you are claiming that she was hurt because her hair was matte then no one should bring their dog here for a groom because I'm sure whoever is in need of getting a groom will definitely have some tangles- if not worse. And spending as much time as you did (3 hours) I would think you would be more careful. Oh and by the way you did not even bother to cut her two front paw nails. Like I said, you did not even apologize for your mistake. Not even in your response. Don't expect a visit from me, I also have made a point to all my friends and family to not bring their pets here.
5	I've taken my dog here twice and both times Melissa has done an incredible job. My dog is not the easiest to handle 1 because he's just a puppy (8 months) and 2 because he's not use to it but his hair cuts always look amazing. She's extremely nice and very informative when I pick my dog up!
1	This review is long overdue. I've been reading about recent reviews on "On All 4's" and I decided it was time to share my experience even though I had originally wanted to "let it go" and not mention it. On June 4, 2014 I took my Maltese to this groomer for the second time. I was so happy with the results from the first time that I recommended her to all my friends was super excited to take my puppy back again. I noticed an excessive amount of hair in the ears so I addressed this concern with Melissa and she said she would take care of it and clean his ears. When I came to pick Snoopy up he was shaking quite a bit and cried everytime I touched his ears. I also noticed redness in both ears and a slight smear of dry blood but I figured it was because his ears were traumatized from the removal of the hairs. The next day I noticed he kept shaking his head and trying to scratch his ears. They were super red and had a yellow liquid discharge. Two days later his ears were all crusty and red and he was still shaking his head and would quiver everytime I tried to touch his ears. I took him to the vet immediately thinking that somehow to got an ear infection during his grooming visit. I was relieved when the Vet assured me after administering an ear swab cytology that Snoopy DID NOT have an ear infection but the discharge was a natural serum that was released from a traumatizing experience with his ears. The Vet also mentioned that his anal glands needed expressing badly. Hmm.. aren't groomer suppose to take care of this as well? Okay fine.. so I didn't request it.. but as a groomer.. wouldn't you check for these things especially since it's included in most grooming packages? A $45 grooming visit led to a $130 vet visit. I wasn't very happy but I didn't call to complain because I already knew she would deny that it had anything to do with how she handled my puppy and would probably say that he got it on his own. Am I right? Who would admit to causing a puppy so much pain during a grooming visit? So stupid me.. I let it go. Now I'm reading about all these dogs that are having similar painful experiences and it just breaks my heart. Before I forget, I want to mention that he also had a razor burn mark in his inner thigh near his private parts. (Maybe he was moving around too much? I'm not sure. )I haven't been able to find a groomer that does such an excellent job with the 'styling' of my puppy. She does an INCREDIBLE job with the way my dog looks.. but unfortunately I'm more concerned with the procedure and methods she uses to obtain this look. I can conclude from my own experience and the reviews of others that she is 'rough' with dogs and will do whatever it takes to make them look 'pretty'. Unfortunately for her, the well being of my puppy is much more important.
5	I currently have 2 Bichons and one Havanese.  I have used groomers all over the country for 20 yrs now.  Melissa at on all 4s is the very best.  She is the only groomer to use in Las Vegas!
5	It!s my first time getting my dog groomed here in vegas since i moved here. I was a little skeptical at first because i was so used to my old groomer in cali but the reviews were good so i had to give this place a try. I was late an hour for my appt. But luckily melissa said it would be ok and got my dog in before the day ended. After about 2 hours i picked up my dog and she was beautiful and smelled great. Everything was done as i asked and my dog came back with a free christmas themed bandana. I will come back to this place the next time my dog needs a cut. Great service and the prices were reasonable.
