4	good for lunch, delivery  take out.  varied menu (thai, chines, and dumplings)
4	Honestly this place is around where I work, so its kind of the last minute "oh crap, who's supposed to buy lunch?" type of days, this place is it!  Little Dumpling is pretty much it (hey, it sure as heck beats the typical fast food, burger type of joints)They have great lunch specials, take out, delivery...Various items on the menu..thai and chinese mostly.Their Thai Tea isnt bad, its good on a summer day! Dont get me wrong starbucks is around the corner, but I'd rather pay $2 for a big cup of tea vs $2 for a grande (and I love starbucks!). Its nice to know that good chinese place is around the corner from work
4	I eat here under the same circumstances as when I would eat at Faustos--when I'm starving, low on cash, tipsy, or have many mouths to feed. Get the pot stickers. They're homemade and the dipping sauce is delicious. Another favorite of mine is the war wonton soup.
3	After reading the reviews for this place me and my roommate decided to stop by for lunch. The lunch specials are priced very nicely (6 bucks) and the portions are filling. The service was choppy but the woman had her hands full with her baby girl. I would come back.
4	Went for the first time today and it won't be the last time. Food was amazing and the service was on point. We will be goin back there again.
3	I have never been a big fan of Chinese food..but i have to say this wasn't bad...the fried rice was great and my sweet and sour shrimp was good....the crab Rangoon ehhh not so great.... IF i have a craving for Chinese again i will try again
5	Since I was a child, Wor Wonton Soup has been a requirement any time I am not feeling well. The other night I had the flu, and being new to the area I was stuck without a favorite Chinese food destination.I took to the Internet and pulled up Yelp. Little Dumpling was 15 miles away, but had the best ratings. Man am I glad I took the drive. The Wor Wonton was excellent -- definitely hit the spot. I also had the cashew shrimp -- I ordered a small and it was still enough to share (with the soup).I arrived to pick up the food a few minutes before it was ready - and was surprised to see spring rolls in the order which I hadn't asked for. I guess that's their way of saying "sorry you had to wait" -- Great service. Good food, good prices, good portions. I will certainly be back soon.
3	My Grandma was looking for a good Chinese take-out place nearby, so we checked out this place, based on the Yelp! reviews. My Grandma got the Lemon Chicken and really enjoyed it. I ordered the Panang Curry with Chicken. I asked them to make it hot (9 of 10). I didn't really like the taste, it wasn't very hot & the consistency was strange. I've had Panang at several restaurants & this was some of the worst, unfortunately. The service was adequate, so I'll probably try it again, but I'll be ordering something else instead.
4	Just had take-out from here. We ordered online and the order took about 25 min to be ready. We ordered LG mongolian beef, veg. lo mein, crab rangoon total of $23.35 - sounded like a lot to me at first but when the order came SO MUCH FOOD! OMG we had left over for everything (for 2 of us) they also give you those lil crispies you dip in the red sauce, gave us 2 eggrolls. We could have been more than full even w/out the crab rangoons but all was delicious! I'd definitley come back. What I enjoyed most was this place had the beef that was great tasting.. not touch and chewy like other chinese places. I loved it. Went on a saturday night and there was several others in the place all waiting for their take out food. If ur wondering where thsi place is: I wouldnt have seen it unless I was looking for it: Stephanie/W. Horizon Ridge :across the street from Metro Pizza/Timbers and caddy corner to Albertson's and Bella Terra.  Its on the west side of the 215 & Stephanie.
3	Tom yum soup ia a specialty . The memu also has pad thai with chicken ,pork,beef or shrimp. Yummy beef salad, thi with chicken,pork, beef,or shrim, beef salad. Thi yellow or red curry with chicken or beef, sweet and sour fish, moo shu pork, honey walnut shrimp yummy!!!!, salt and pepper squid and shrimp with asparagus in black bean sauce hmmmmmm good.lunch specials are served from 11am to 3pm.
5	I took some food out at this location many years ago and it wasn't memorable and I never went back. A few weeks ago we had to go into Walgreens and could smell a wonderful aroma of Chinese food cooking in the distance. I thought to myself it must be Little Dumplings which is located behind the drug store. One night we order some dinner to go off the internet and was surprised how good it was and it was a TON of food for the money. I am sure most will have leftovers which makes it even a better deal if you like leftovers for the next day. A few days later I ordered lunch special L-19, it's Shrimp Chop Suey (veggies) and you get a choice of a side, I chose the Lo Mein noodles. You also get a small cup of soup, like Hot and Sour. Also included is the little crispy wontons skins with sweet and sour sauce. All this for $7.95!!!!! You know all too well that for such a low price you get about 5 tiny tasteless shrimps at most Chinese take outs, right? Well not here at Little Dumplings, not only is there a very very generous amount, but they are pretty darn tasty too! The Chop Suey is a deluxe recipe, garlic, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, baby corn, squash, bean sprouts, everything! The Chef back there knows what his is doing, this isn't not a Panda place, no no not at all. The restaurant isn't fancy, you can dine in, but its very casual. Order a few items to go, but beware the food comes in huge portions and you will most likely be very surprised! It's my new favorite Chinese cusine and luckily I live close by! Yay!
4	We went here a few wks ago and decided to try the Thai this time around.  my bf ordered the Beef Spicy Pad Thai and he liked it - finished it off. I went with the Pad See Ewe (beef) .. delicious. spicy and good. Yes I had leftovers even with my bf and mom picking from my plate. It was great. It was exactly what I wanted. but mostly more noodles than meat. My mom ordered the Kung Pao Triple. Shrimp, chicken, beeF, it sounded good but when it came it didnt look as appealing as it sounded on the menu. My mom enjoyed it. If we had thought about it we should have went with one of the FAMILY DINNERS... they have 3 options.. NXT TIME WE KNOW! our total was almost $40 for the 3 of us... and this is a mom and pop type place.. doesnt feel like a chain eventhough there are 2 in town. I think the family dinners sound like a better bargain considering it so easy to rack up a bigger bill than if you just ordere dthe Family dinner option and it has many things to try. I like this place, I'll admit is my go-to chinese/thai place in Henderson.
4	This is my go to spot for Chinese takeout. The Thai is slightly above average. Avoid the teriyaki as it's pretty plain. Prices are cheap and the staff is friendly. Too bad it's smack dab in the middle of my commute. Here's a tip though, their delivery radius is much wider than you probably think. Call them and ask if they can deliver and you might be surprised. Dishes that stand out:Walnut shrimp (I don't see it on the menu for some reason, but I order it often enough to know it exists. $9 for about 20 large shrimp!). Pork with Hot Garlic Sauce. Singapore Noodles. BBQ pork fried rice.
4	This place is awesome, I wish I found it earlier. We got the Honey Walnut Shrimp and it was AMAZING. The only complaint was that they were 15 minutes later than they said they would be, but seriously it was a Friday night and the place was packed. Which, now I see why. They included free egg rolls and crispy things in the to go order. Very generous with the rice that they gave us. I seriously plan on making this place a regular. Way worth the price. Its tucked behind starbucks.
1	Disappointing and irritating would sum up this experience. We came here with the intention of ordering a quick to-go meal to satisfy a random craving of dumplings I had. Having been here before, regardless of the fact that their food by no means is standout, we figured we'd give their dumplings a shot as they were the closest place we could think of that had dumplings. We walked into a restaurant with maybe 6 people waiting around for food. It took the owner a few minutes to emerge from the kitchen to take our very simple order of some hot and sour soup, potstickers and wontons. This is an order which by no means should take a long time as most of it just involved boiling the preprepared meals. We proceeded to have to wait OVER AN HOUR for our food. At least a few other irritated customers voiced their opinions about how long the wait had taken. I never had anticipated waiting that long as my previous experiences there were NEVER this busy nor hectic. When finally actually eating the food, we found it to be about how we expected. Nothing in the least bit near spectacular or exciting considering the anticipation and cravings we had. The hot and sour soup was alright considering there's really not many options out in the Henderson area. It actually was a bit sour and spicy considering most places that have hot and sour soup have neither of the above. The dumplings were nothing special and nor was the wonton soup.The food was subpar, the wait was absolutely ridiculous considering the simplicity of our order. They simply were way too understaffed and didn't have the decency of forewarning their diners that there would be an incredibly long wait. Instead, they chose to try and take on all orders at an incredibly slow pace, and proceed to cook the food even slower. This is not a place I would recommend if you're looking for a nice meal that you'll be at least satisfied with what you paid for. For the hour wait for your food, you'd be better of driving to Spring Mountain and actually getting a decent meal.
4	The food is great and plenty. The service is fast and friendly. Dinner for two should come in around $20 - $30 max. Deliver or pick up.
4	4 stars for cleanliness and decent food. I wouldn't call it authentic Chinese food, but for the price, it's well worth a visit. You dine on plastic utensils, but at least you don't have to worry about baked on food on your utensils or lipstick stains on your tea cup. The place is always clean, organized and the owner (and her daughter) are usually very nice and friendly.Lunch plates are served daily (even the weekends) for less than $6 and it comes with soup, egg rolls and entree with rice. You can't beat that!
3	Being from NY I've been trying to find a GOOD Chinese takeout spot that can compare to the ones back home. This is the closest I've come. The food was the best Chinese takeout I've had since I've moved to NV, however not even close to what I've had in NY. I ordered my food to be delivered and the woman on the phone was extremely nice. The one that delivered my food was as well. The only thing that really bothers me about this place is that it doesn't serve dumplings!!!!!!! It has pot stickers but no dumplings... and no, they're not the same thing. My kingdom for a dumpling!
2	Fast, friendly, but flavorless. Beef and broccoli was tender but had the flavor of water
4	I've ordered in and had it delivered many times from here.  It's a good little place and the prices are great.  Hunan Beef is my favorite (add extra spicey)
1	Where have all the good Chinese restaurants gone? I recently moved to this side of town and decided that I would try it out. I got the vegetable lo mein, easy enough, nothing that should be messed up in a Chinese place. I called ahead and it was all ready when I came to pick it up 15 minutes later. The lady was nice but I guess decided to jack up the price $2 from the menu. I didn't say anything, but actions spoke louder than words and I left no tip. The restaurant is FILLED with cans of food all over, so obviously nothing is fresh. Gross. I decided to not let the experience at the restaurant ruin it for me so I went home with an open mind, hoping to find a treasure. Well all I found was junk. The noodles were slimy and had a weird thick gooey sauce (from a can) smothered all over it. My one piece of broccoli could hardly mark it as a vegetable dish, so they added a pound of cabbage. I don't mind cabbage but that is not what I ordered and it is a very cheap substitute for a plate full of real veggies. I will never be going back. I will though continue my search for good food in Henderson! Wish me luck...
4	Let's get this out of the way... As mentioned above, this is a take out joint primarily.  If you reviewed on the ambiance or waiting service, its the equivalence of rating a hot dog stand for its lack of decor or comfy upscale seating.  If you are this type of reviewer, please step away from your computer.  Understanding this is mainly a takeout/delivery place is common sense.  There are almost no tables, no sign to either wait to be seated or to seat yourself, and no reception area whatsoever.  There is a waiting bench right by the cashier and you can clearly see tons of takeout bags and boxes being prepped on the counter.As far as takeout and delivery service goes, they are excellent.  They always get the order right, including special instructions, and now you can order from them online.  Everything is well wrapped or contained neatly and perfect for carryout.  Soups are in sturdy plastic containers and they do not scrimp on size, or give less because they do not have a large enough container.  Large orders are placed in sturdy boxes.  Everything is  prepped well for the travel and upkeep of the food, and even reheat.  They don't go cheap in this area, even their napkins are nice and thick good napkins.Little Dumpling also excels in terms of price and value.  They tend to be cheaper then your regular Thai places like Siri or Pin Kaow, and as cheap or cheaper than a Panda Express.  Yet you get a lot more not just with volume but where it counts.  When I order a meat dish, there is tons of meat, not filled with oversized chunks of onion or a disproportionate amount of baby corn or bamboo shoot and other filler.  When i order a shrimp soup from other Thai places Im usually hoarding the shrimp, saving it because there are only 5.  At Little Dumpling I am never for more meat or key ingredients like mushrooms.  The portions are also huge.  A takeout order of Pad See Ewe can easily feed 4 (if you are also ordering something else family style) and have leftovers.For a divey takeout place like this, I might give it 5 stars  given everything I've stated so far. (context, I judge according to what it is supposed to be).  What keeps this place from being stellar is that the food is hit or miss.  Almost all the typical chinese lunch specials like Orange Chicken are good, especially the ones centered around meat (like the former) but other standouts are Lemon Chicken, Orange Beef and Beef with Broccoli.  The beef is usually good, not the poor quality small grey chewy scraps you find at other chinese places.  The beef is usually cooked well, really good sized pieces and good quality.  Im not talking about a Morton's cut, Im speaking comparatively.  The broccoli is usually cooked just right as well with just enough crisp but not crunchy, soggy or greasy.All the meat centered Chinese dishes are great as mentioned.  Surprisingly, the best dishes are some of the Thai ones.  The Pad See Ewe is great, just the right ratio of noodles to egg to beef and veggies.  They also make it a little spicy if wanted, without losing its flavor to the heat.  My favorite dish here is the Tom Yum Kung soup.  It's swampier than I've had from Thai restaurants, but every ingredient comes bursting through.  You can really taste the lemongrass, tomato, and spices all meld together beautifully in their soup.  I've tried many other thai places, and no Tom Yum Kung comes even close to comparing.  Almost all have only 5 shrimp, and microscopic ones at that, cheap small mushrooms, with an overpowering sour taste and little of other flavors coming through.Some of the dishes can sometimes be just as greasy as Panda Express.  Ironically their fried dumplings are nothing special, but fine.  And steer clear of their Japanese dishes, like Teriyaki bowl - I don't know why you would order that from places like this anyways, and if you are that person, you probably don't listen to reviews and tips anyways
2	This review is for a takeout.I live super close to this chinese joint and because I was super hungry, decided on the pad see ewe.  I called in the order and got there w/in 2 mins.  The lady that helped me was nice.  My food was ready within 10 mins.  When I got home, I was surprise that there was a small bag of fried wontons and a small container of sweet and sour sauce.  Didn't know it came w/it like a typical fortune cookie would be.  Well anyways, I enjoyed the wontons.  Then when I opened my contained with the pad sew ewe...Holy Moly, that's a lot of food!  However, quantity does not justify for the quality.  The big pieces of beef was kind of...eh...rubbery.  Very odd.  So odd, that I barely ate any of them.  The flat thick noodles were drenched with oil, as how chinese take out would be.  It doesn't taste like the other pad sew ewe that I have at other Thai restaurant.  Oh but wait, this is more of a Chinese take out, not Thai...Hmm...I probably won't be coming back.
4	Just moved to this side of town and am always looking for good Chinese food. I drove past the sign and decided to check it out. I didn't know it was mostly a take out place but once I was there decided to give it a try anyhow. I was surprised to see how  reasonable to prices were - great lunch specials. I ordered the Mongolian beef for myself and the Teriyaki chicken bowl for my husband. The food took about 15 minutes so i was confidant everything was cooked to order. Everything was delicious!! I would have given it 5 stars but when i pulled up outside at 11:15am (supposed to open at 11am)  the doors to the place were still locked and lights off... I was about to pull away when the owners showed up and welcomed me in. I am glad  they caught me otherwise I would have missed out!!
4	FINALLY! A Chinese place that doesn't suck in Henderson, and they offer Thai food too! With a house full of hungry people wanting Chinese food and not wanting another lame experience I turned to Yelp! (of course) but the reviews for Little Dumpling left me unsure. But I took a chance and ordered. Sometimes you swing and miss, but once in a while you can knock one out of the park and Little Dumpling was a home run with everyone. In depth details....here we go. Straight from the Eat24 online order receipt which made ordering a breeze! 22. Chicken Lo Mein  - My 2 year old loved it. So much so that when we took his plate away thinking he was done he asked me to bring it back. That's ultra rare.  35. Sweet and Sour Chicken  - Premium chicken, great flavor, no skimpy food here.  79. Vegetable Egg Foo Young  - When this gets compared to our gold standard Chinese place we used to love in Denver, and is ranked even better than that...what else can I say about it? They loved it!  92 Thai Tea   - The nice lady at the counter almost forgot this until I asked her to double check the order. I'm sure glad she did...it was pretty dang good if I do say so.  42. Kung Pao Chicken  - Good, but not great. Why? It needed a bit more spice. Every dish seen here was medium spiced...but Kung Pao needs to be hot. Fiery hot. This one...was just good. Still loved it enough that I'll order it again.  38. General Tso's Chicken  - My wife puts me to shame when it comes to being a critic and when she says it doesn't suck and she smiles from ear to ear...yeah, this one made my house happy let me tell ya.  8. Pot Sticker  - OMG. These ain't the crappy potstickers other places try and stick you with. These are premium meat hand made masterpieces with a little kick of spice that slapped my tongue around.  3. Crab Rangoon - Holy crap, they put the crab into the crab rangoons and you can taste it. This ain't the cream cheese wontons that other places call crab rangoon. This is the good stuff.  9. Chicken Teriyaki on a Stick -  Good, enjoyable, will order again, but not my personal favorite. If you've read this far know this. They are hidden in behind Starbucks and tucked in behind Walgreens. If you can't find it go to Walgreens and use their driveup pharmacy lanes. When you are at the window for Walgreens your headlights would shine right into Little Dumpling. Will I go back? Heck yes. I dropped almost $70 on Chinese food here and this is the first time I've finished eating with everyone and nobody said it sucked. That's ultra rare as I seem to live with a lot of critics. And when they compare it to our all time favorite places...enough said. For a first impression Little Dumpling made one heck of a good impression. Add on Service with a Smile, and they boxed everything up and it was easy to carry it all out...oh and one last thing. Their spicy Chinese mustard will sneak up on you and kick your ass. Sorry for the profanity but you've been warned. 4 Stars...don't want to jinx them with a 5, I'll save that last star for a review of their Thai offerings. If they nail the Thai food...that 5th Star will be posted.
4	Truly a diamond in the rough. The sesame chicken is awesome (as is the General Tso's and Beef & Broccoli).Not the normal Chinese style chicken that is 90% batter and 10% chicken substitute. The meat is crispy and even after a 10 minute drive home the food is piping hot!Fresh, Fast, and Tasty! Will update after we try more dishes!
1	This food was not good.  Very disappointing.  The ribs were tough and bland, the shrimp was dry, over cooked and bleh, The eggrolls were flavorless.  The crab rangoon was basically just creamcheese filling.  Just not good.  The kung pao chicken was inedible.  It had a weird sour taste to it, not that it had gone bad, just not good food.  Very sorry we spent our money here.  We will not be returning.  We enjoy China-a-go-go on Valle Verde a lot better than this.  It isn't fabulous, but we are always satisfied.  Also, the delivery took well over an hour after ordering without any forewarning.  Not happy at all.
2	The food's not terrible but the problem is when you order a meat dish such as Mongolian Beef you get about 5 pieces of beef and then they mask the rest of it with the onions and bell pepper so you think you're getting a big meal.  I've gotten other beef dishes there and it's the same thing.  If you like more veggies than meat then this is your place!
1	Hair in food. Game over! Coming from NY, I'm used to amazing chinese food and this place was only okay at first. We've ordered a few times since and its been greasier and greasier. My husband loves chinese food, so he just won't let it go. Ordered tonight and there was an obvious short black hair in my general tso's. I'm disgusted and pissed enough to jump online and write them a poor review. Unfortunately, we had only the chicken comped, despite the fact that I wouldn't dare eat anything else we ordered. Never ordering from here again.
4	I like this place. They accept Paypal and deliver through eat24.com which is a hug plus for me. Food is always hot. Love the curries, crab ragon and sesame chicken. I order alot and the food is always correct.
4	My girlfriend took me to this little spot when I wanted to go to China a Go Go.  She told me I needed to try the lunch special here.  Well, like most things, she was right.  This place is the bomb.  Cheap lunches a tons of food!  Although it is your standard Americanized lunch fare, the food tasted better and the plate filled me up.  If you're in the area, check this place out.  You won't be disappointing.  Note: They did have more traditional Thai and Chinese items on the menu which I will definitely try at a later date.
4	Great food, service and value!  Large portions.  Honey Walnut Shrimp was the best ever!!!
4	The food is really good here. It's faster to go in and order the food than get delivery, however it is nice that they have delivery. I try to plan ahead if I do delivery and order it before I know I'll be hungry. I always order the Orange Chicken, Lemon Chicken or their Sweet and Sour. You can't really go wrong with the food here.
4	Good Chinese. I ordered delivery here. It was very fast and easy. Plus they understood me on the phone which was a relief. I had general tsos and it was very tasty. Not gonna say much since it was delivery but for sure fast, easy and yummy! :)
5	I've been going to this place since its opening several years ago.  With different friends and memories, each time this place has delivered as promised.  It's good, family-owned food that is certainly worth trying.  The prices are very reasonable, the service is excellent, and they have plenty of options to choose from.Try the dumplings, steamed or fried.  They are the places namesake, and for their quality and cheap price I'd say they deserve it.They also cook to order by telephone, so you can bring it back with you if you'd prefer.  It's been fun watching this place grow and become successful, and it isn't by luck.
3	Cute little atmosphere, nothing too fancy here. Just order, pick  up and go, or order sit and eat. Simple. We stumbled in about 30 minutes to close and were pleased with the service. Most restaurant employees seem to get upset when you walk in anytime after an hour before close. These employees were kind, and did not seem bothered at all that we were there. We ordered the sweet and sour chicken and the pork fried rice. The sweet and sour chicken was the bomb! The chicken was fresh with a light crispy crust, the sauce was perfectly balanced between sour and sweet and the plate was big and full. Not to mention the healthy serving of veggies chopped up in big chunks and spread around the chicken. The pork friend rice however wasn't my favorite. It was very generic fried rice with strips of chewy pork. Bleck. I will not be ordering that again. I would have most likely given this joint 4 out of 5 stars however nearing the end of our meal one of the chefs came out and let out a huge burp in front of us. Not exactly professional or appetizing. I would definitely order take out from here. I might not dine in again though as the experience turned out to be a little confusing.
1	I was served dirty plates and the most awkward cup of green tea ever ( a plastic cup full of large leaves with a bit of hot water)...when I complained..of course no one spoke english. This place sucks..
2	Used to be that when I moved to a new place the first thing I would do is order Chinese food. 3 years ago I moved to Spokane and that ended with some of the worst food ever. Fast forward 3 years to Henderson. Decided to try Little Dumpling, as gun shy of Chinese food as I am. General Tso's and Sweet & Sour Chicken were both drier than the surrounding desert. Pork Fried Rice was fair. Strike 1 Henderson Chinese food!
2	Meh. Used to eat here years ago and it was much better. BBQ pork fried rice had an off taste. Beef (from beef and broccoli) was chewy. Egg roll was good I guess. Won't be ordering again.
4	The family deal is a great choice!!!!  It can easily serve a family of four!  I like my kung pao chicken spicy, and the first time i had it here, it was lacking that kick.  The next time i asked if they could make it a little spicer, and boy did they!!!! It was WAY better, and i appreciated the fact that they did what i asked, and i will totally be back!
1	It used to be pretty good when the previous owners ran it, (you can see who they were, their picture is still on the wall on the left).The portions are smaller, service is slower and it isn't the same by any means. I used to LOVE the Shrimp Pad Thai, but it's not even close to what it was.There are only a few booths for patrons to sit down and dine in, but now there is a hand written sign on the walls, "Clean up your plates before you leave"Shouldn't you be happy people are dining in your place of business? that sign seems very unfriendly and unwelcoming. It only takes a few seconds to bus a persons plates, but there aren't even plates used, they are those cheap cheap cheap dollar store styrofoam plates, low budget, low quality....It used to be good here, not anymore. I've enjoyed the food quality here while it lasted.
3	We ordered delivery and got the Family Dinner B with shrimp in lobster sauce, pepper beef, bbq pork fried rice, steamed rice and it came with 2 egg rolls, 2 crab rangoons, 2 fried shrimp and wonton soup for $26.95 which I thought was a good deal. The food was good, not excellent. Not a lot of shrimp in the shrimp & lobster sauce, mostly on top rather than mixed in. The crab rangoons were very good and we received 4 free. My only major complaint would be that the wonton soup has entirely too much cabbage in it. I would say half of the container was just chunks of cabbage. Other than that delivery was relatively quick and it was good enough to order from again.
4	The lunch specials are great here! I had the "Pineapple Chicken" lunch special priced at just $5.95 and it came with soup and fried rice. The "Egg Drop Soup" was fantastic! It was a comforting soup on a chilly day. The amount of chicken surprised me. It tasted very good. The outside was crispy and the center tender. The rice was cooked perfectly and there was a good amount of that too. I had a coupon that gave me 2 free "Egg Rolls" with a purchase of $15 or more. The egg rolls (veggie) were a bit on the greasy side, but tasted good. I was having lunch with friends and stopped in to order the food to-go. When we were about to have lunch and the food was getting set out, we noticed some "Fried Wontons" with our food that I didn't order. I have no idea what was in them, but they were greasy and good! Everybody enjoyed them so it was a nice and unexpected bonus!They deliver and lunch specials are from 11am - 4 pm.
4	Dumpling is in their name and I didn't try one! Darn it... next time! I did try their Kung Pao Triple lunch special. For $6.25 I got a combination of beef, pork & shrimp along with fried rice and soup. Not bad! It tasted good too. I felt my wife got a bigger portion in her lunch special that was mere .30 less than mine but I had a nice combo of meats. I have eaten at another little Dumpling location across town and have no idea if they are connected but this location is much better. This is a great place for lunch.
2	Like a previous writer said, used to be much better under previous ownership.  I'm a regular here (4 times a month on average) and i've noticed the service and quality isn't what it used to be.  I usually order the hot & spicy chicken.  The order i had last night wasn't good and their was nothing spicy about it.  To make matters worse, I always order and pay online through Eat 24.  Last night I went to pick up my order and was charged again for my food.  When I explained I already paid online, the guy insisted I had not.  Their was a language barrier so I did not want to argue with the guy so I paid for the food again.  Then had to go home and spend 20 minutes on the phone with eat 24 to get my charges reversed.  Looks like i will be looking for a new place in Henderson for Thai food.  Too bad cause I really liked this place.
4	Great food, flavorful,fast. I've ordered many different items on the menu and have never been disappointed.
1	Gross!! I tried it cuz I woke across the street but OMG... dry ass food... I wanted to puke!!
3	Ok we just had the food.. i ordered the dumplings and maybe because it was the end of the night they were very dry inside. The orange chicken was good . And fried wantons good rice good. Soup is ok... i love the idea that they have the Chinese cartons it reminds me of new york style , and they had crispy wide noodles which was yummy.. I will try it again at lunch time.. price was good...
4	Good food and fast service!We've ordered from here several times. I have called and walked in to place my orders.  Actually walking in moved things along more quickly! The lady at the counter was very nice.  She was helpful and friendly.  The dining area itself is always clean.  There is plenty of seating so no worries there.  The menu is quite extensive with varieties of Chinese as well as Thai options.  They offer delivery if you are within the 6 mile radius.The food items that I've ordered have been very tasty.  The General Tso's Chicken is spicy and delicious.  The crab rangoons are always nicely filled.  There is always plenty to share with their generous portions.I wouldn't hesitate coming back here for more when I have that Chinese food craving!
3	I have a yelpy resolution to dine at several Chinese restaurants in the Las Vegas Valley. As 2014 transitions into the New Year, my Chinese restaurants list will grow. I aim to review fifty Chinese restaurants by 2016. This review of Little Dumpling Chinese Restaurant is my most recent fulfillment of this yelpy resolution. It is based on my recent visit during lunch before Acacia Demonstration Gardens.   Little Dumpling is actually the Hidden Dumpling. It is buried in the small Starbuck's strip mall on the Northeast corner of Horizon Ridge Parkway at Stephanie Street  by Walgreen's.   The parking lot is too cramped that there is a greater risk of a car dent. Just as I do when I visit the Starbuck's here, I walk a short distance further to park by Walgreen's.   This is essentially a take-out setting with a handful of tables and unadorned walls. The silverware and plates is throwaway paper and plastic. This is the quintessential setting for a Chinese restaurant lunch special.   The lunch specials that end at 4 PM cost between $5.95 and $6.25. The shrimp based entrees cost $6.25. The lunch specials include chow mein noodles or fried rice with the soup of the day. Of course the soup of the day is egg drop soup. With the addition of a beverage, the lunch special comes out to $8 and change. I ordered the shrimp chop suey. It was okay. I have tasted better, that is for sure. They did give a fair amount of shrimp.   There is a flaw in the design of the restaurant. That is that the restroom is too close for comfort to the tables. Little Dumpling ought to invest in a louder vent or something to block out noises that are not conducive to the customer enjoying their meal.   In my opinion Little Dumpling is an okay Dumpling. I have no urgency to return.
