4	Ok...caveat. Only got takeout. But we got about fifty things on the menu (only a slight exaggeration) and brought it home. So, can't comment on customer service or atmosphere. I will, however, be updating my post later because I WILL be mauwing on some Imperfect Pig again...and often. We got, black eyed pea salad (super flavorful), grits (creamy amazing goodness), stuffed peppers (which I could eat 50 of...and not care that I poop funny the next day), greens (greens are challenging but these were up there), shrimp tacos (YUM!!), wings (see peppers comment), pulled pork (tasty), brisket (getting there...) and peach cobbler (had dreams about it last night). Thank you God for putting a great BBQ place in Cotswold!!! Heard talk of them 'fusion-ing' out and doing noodle bowls. Please don't. I know there are fifty million normal BBQ places, but that's cuz we love BBQ. It's all about location man. And you guys got it!! And it's good already. Don't mess it up. Don't mess with BBQ too much. This ain't NY. Can't wait to experience the sit-down version. When they open for lunch, I may be in trouble. Yay!!!
4	Here's a quick summary of the following novel: After my first lunch at The Improper Pig, here's my assessment. The pulled pork was delicious, the brisket the same though a little fatty, the mac and cheese was good, stay away from the sweet potato hash, and don't sit at the high tables. For an in-depth review, keep reading.The MealI ordered the Cotswold Platter, which consisted of 2 meats and 2 sides. I chose the brisket (which happened to be a slightly-shady extra $4, but I'll talk about that more later) and the pulled pork for my meats. The sides available were pretty varied, but my first choice was the mac and cheese (what I believe to be a staple in any good BBQ restaurant). For my second side, I decided to try the sweet potato hash, something I had never heard of and was interested in.We'll start with the meats:   The pulled pork was fantastic. I have found that I'm hard to please with pulled pork, and this really hit the spot. It was very flavorful and moist enough that it didn't require any sauce to eat (I like the flavor of good barbecue without dousing it in sauce). Quite possibly the best pulled pork I've had in Charlotte.   The beef brisket, while a little on the fatty side, was also delicious. My favorite brisket in Charlotte still comes from Lancaster BBQ, but this was a close second. Improper's version is more pulled than sliced, which was a nice change, and was good enough to eat by itself. The extra fat took it down a slight notch, but the flavor was great.   With the meats, there are 5 or 6 different options for sauces. There's a Thai sauce, mustard BBQ, regular BBQ (tomato), Eastern NC BBQ (vinegar), and Frank's Redhot (I forget if there's another). The Thai was sweet with a little spice, very good. The mustard, which is my favorite usually, was very good here also.As for the sides, the mac and cheese was good, nothing to write home about, but a strong staple and something I would order again. A little more saucy than some of the baked versions you'll find at other BBQ joints, but good none-the-less. The sweet potato hash, on the other hand, was a disappointment. My coworkers and I all agreed that we could definitely have done without it. What it seemed to be was a version of sweet potato casserole without brown sugar; a bland mash, maybe slightly bitter, with no real redeeming quality unfortunately.The meal also came with what looked like a cornbread cookie and some red onions (maybe pickled onions? I didn't try them, I thought they were maybe just for show). The cornbread was alright, it didn't really add or detract from the meal. But then again, I'm used to a larger portion of moist cornbread, maybe with a little bit of honey, and I might just be spoiled.All in all, the meal was good, with one regrettable side choice, but I would otherwise order it again. Good flavors and good portions.The RestThe inside of the restaurant was nicely decorated, the kitchen is open and visible, and it felt appropriate for a nicer BBQ restaurant. Not much to talk about, save for two things. One, they should put some sort of blinds or window covering on the larger windows as it is darker inside, and the outside light can be a little blinding. Two, they need to get nicer chairs for the high tables. The chairs they have seem to be there for looks more than functionality. The seats are small (I bet they're not far off from 9 in x 9 in) and are just plain uncomfortable. The booths seem like they sit nice, and the higher chairs at the bar seem nice. But the chairs at the high tables are a bit of an inconvenience.As someone with just enough graphic design understanding to get himself in trouble, the menu made me cringe a bit. The layout doesn't flow well at all, and its confusing to read at first. Once you can figure out where everything is, it isn't hard, but I feel like it shouldn't be that hard to read a one page menu. Not a big deal, just a random quirk. Do pay attention though to the prices. The menu does a poor job of letting you know about extra costs. The brisket is apparently an extra $4, I'm assuming for all entrees, and it wasn't immediately apparent to me. Just something to keep an eye out for.If you're still reading, you're a trooper :-)To finish this book, after my lunch experience, I will most likely be heading back to The Improper Pig, but with a better understanding of the menu, the cost, and the seating. I can't stay away from a place with meat this good, I just hope I can find some sides that match in flavor!
3	Pulled pork was great. The Thai barbecue sauce was awesome.  The side were just ok nothing special. I had the waffle sweet potato fries, oriental slaw ( didn't have much of oriental favor at all). My husband had the cotswold platter. He love the pulled pork a lot, didn't care for the pulled chicken or the side of coleslaw(not much favor) . He said meat wasn't warm  by the time it got to the table.  We were there at lunch  may be why it was cold by time it got to us at table. Also BBQ without a bun... Wish they would serve all plate with a bun.  I would advised to try bbq pulled pork for sure with Thai sauce.
3	I was excited to try this new place in Cotswold. Based on other reviews, I tried the pulled chicken, collards and slaw. I was disappointed with the chicken - it was dry and had been prepared with too much rub that just sat on the meat rather than imparting flavor. Collards were good, but the slaw was not flavorful. TastedLike cabbage with a little vinegar. My husband's pulled pork was a little fatty. Will probably give it another try after they have had time to settle in a bit and make adjustments. It is so convenient and well-like cates that I hope it will become an institution.
1	Not impressed.   If you are going to charge $4.00 more for the brisket,  it should be very apparent on the menu not buried in fine print at the top of menu.  Which because of the low lighting at night was impossible to read.   Brisket-- I have had a lot better,  not worth the extra $4.00.    Not sure what other meats other than the pulled pork were available on the Cotswald Plate.   Mac& Cheese -- gritty.   The homemade house chips were almost burnt.   Cornbread Fritters???   It was almost like a cookie  -- no taste -  certainly not like you would expect for Cornbread.  Service-- our waitress was snippy and almost rude.   Greens - OK again I have had a lot better.  Slaw again just OK.
3	Terrific service. The pulled chicken BBQ sandwich was basic and why shouldn't it be; however, I would like to see a choice of bun. The bun is like a Costco super saver kids' birthday party bun. Plain. White. I chose sweet potato fries. Too salty. Like big, chunky, caked on salt. I felt myself dehydrating into George Hamilton.  The sauces are a decent variety.  Have it eastern or western, hot or nothing at all. I don't see this making it in the long run as the Cotswold crowd may be just slightly too sophisticated for this pleasant but less than wow-ing food.
4	Had a great meal here.  Definitely happy with the bbq and will be back.  Completely different experience from Midwood Smokehouse and for the better IMO.
5	My husband and I went here one night last week when we were just too tired to cook.  Luckily, they did not dissapoint!  Not only was the food quick and delicious, the service was impeccable!  I can not press enough, just how attentive and helpful the entire staff was at this restaurant.  Every employee who walked by us, offered to help and made sure everything was to our liking.Service trumps EVERYTHING to me.  Anyone can make great food, but if there isn't good service to deliver that food, nobody wants to eat there!  That being said, we really enjoyed our food!  The nachos we ordered came out super fast and were yummy.  I didn't LOVE them, but they were good.  They had melted pimento cheese and brisket on them...so...enough said!We both got the Cotswald Platter, getting the pulled pork and mac 'n' cheese!  John also got the Cheesy Jalapeno Grits (think Flying Biscuit's creamy dreamy grits, with a little kick!) and I got the brussel sprouts, hoping that it would help balance out all the not-so-healthy food I was planning to induldge with!  Everything was super tasty here.We will certainly be back...unless our resolution to lose weight and be healthier (ha) actually goes into effect!
