1	We just purchased a new house in Phoenix with an existing ADT system. Instead of uninstalling the system, a local ADT representative (Steve) offered us a two-month trial to see if we wanted to keep it. We said sure, why not - we've never had home security and thought it was worth a shot. ADT tried to bill us twice during the two months and we had to endure the phone system in order to get the charges removed. Now that our two months is coming to a close, I've tried to call and cancel four times. When I finally got through to someone, they told me ADT does not honor trial periods, and that we would be paying a cancellation fee of OVER A THOUSAND DOLLARS to cover the next three years. I want this out in public, future home owners be warned. Do not fall for this scam. We are still waiting for someone from ADT to come forward and make this right. Surely someone in this company has a working moral compass. The local representative (Steve) who offered us the two month "deal" told us it is our problem now, and that he could possibly get the contract downsized to a year. Dirty, slimy business dealings ADT.Update: The representative who contacted me a week ago called me today after two emails and a phone call asking for a resolution. The bottom line is that literally nothing has changed - they are sticking with the "offer" of reducing our contract to one year instead of three. I reminded him that he agreed with me that it was a very shady situation and that we had been "hooked in" (his own words) and then asked how it was worth it for ADT, as a business, to continue to try and get $300 out of us rather than stand behind their word and protect their reputation. Apparently it isn't! So, all the reviews will stay, all the reviews on Yelp, Facebook, Twitter, etc., and I will continue to add them. A huge thank you to those who have offered their support and those who are spreading the word. ADT is not an honest company and have made it abundantly clear that they do not care about their customers. I have not been surprised to find many more scathing reviews as I have added mine to the bunch. ADT, I suppose I should thank you for showing your true form and making it easy to warn people away from your business. I hope it was worth it. Enjoy your $300!
1	My thoughts are pretty much the same as other customers mentioned above. I had moved into a home in Payson and had security services activated by ADT and was fooled into signing a 3yr non-cancellable contract.Unfortunately,  I had to move out pretty quick and when I had called in to cancel my service, it was the first time someone ever mentioned something about a 3yr contract!I agree its partly my mistake I signed the document without reading everything in it, but I was post night shift and when the representative (Justin) was explaining me how everything works, there was no mention of any contract term.I had all the equipment preinstalled at my home and they had nothing to install or set up and all they had to do was activate the service. And now when I called the customer service requesting cancellation as I moved out and I dont need anymore, I was asked to either keep it and pay the bill every month for 36 months OR pay them ~$1600 to have the contract terminated.Well Thank You for the offer.This is soft fraud. With-holding facts from the customer and putting them in fine print some where in corner with in a bunch of documents so customer would not pay attention and then forcing them to pay the bills every month whether or not they use the service. How smart!Theres a new tenant who moved into the property I vacated and he obviously does not want services with ADT (seems to be smarter than me) so, I now have ADT service at a house where I no longer live and I am paying monthly bills which I have to pay until 2016!!And to be honest, its really not just about the money. Its about trust and customer satisfaction. How can a company promise to secure our homes if its own foundations are laid on the concept of fooling and trapping gullible customers.I would sincerely recommend everyone reading this to please stay away from this company.
