5	I have been to three different veterinary clinics since moving to Vegas and I am so glad I found this place.  My poor cat is getting to that age where he has several problems, needs medications and somewhat frequent checkups.  Their staff is wonderful.  I am often stopping by to pick up special food or meds and have been helped, at one time or another, by all of their front office staff.  Everyone has been very friendly and helpful.  But, hands down the best has been Dr. Ley.  I am so glad that she has been there to help with some of the medical problems that have come up for my cat.  Even when I can see the waiting room is full and I am sure she is busy, she always takes the time to answer my questions or return my phone calls.  Their service extends beyond paid visits to those occasions where I have a question and they have a vet return my call with information.   On two occasions I have been to other vets at this clinic and liked them both.  However, I prefer the continuity of sticking with the same vet and would recommend this place to anyone.Also, they have office hours every day of the week and are open until 10pm on weekdays.
5	I have been to several different veterinary clinics in Vegas since I got my best friend, Jerry, over ten years ago.  West Flamingo Animal Hopsital is a very good clinic although it is a bit pricey.  Except for the bitchy receptionists, they have an exceptional staff and the place is as clean as a whistle.  I have always been able to get an appointment very easily and when I get there, there is no waiting at all.Dr. Yach is so kind and so knowledgable.  I have learned so much from him.Open 7 days a week!  The business hours of West Flamingo could not be more convenient.  They open at 8am and close at 10pm Monday through Friday and 8am-5pm on Saturday and Sunday.They also have a fantastic website (westflamingo.com).  I use the Pet Portal to keep organized.  It has all of Jerry's history, current medications, shots, etc., along with reminders for future appointments and vaccinations.  I was even able to upload Jerry's photo in the Pet Gallery!  Check him out!.   He's adorable!Thank you West Flamingo Animal Hospital and Dr. Yach for taking such care of my best friend.
5	West Flamingo Animal Hospital had exceptional customer service. After having a bad experience at Banfield (located in Petsmart), I had to search for a good vet from my fellow yelpers. I came across the reviews on this vet and took a chance. I am so glad that I did! Dr. Elizabeth Ley treated my Havanese puppy, Hennessy,  with lots of love and care. She also gave him a puppy kit and offered a quick eye trim. She explained everything in great detail and took her time with him. I came for a 4pm appointment and did not leave until after 5. They close at 5 and I did not feel rushed as most business do towards closing. I look forward to continuing business with them. I can tell that I will learn something new everytime we go. Dr. Elizabeth Ley is awesome!!!
5	Doc Yach = My hero.The staff at West Flamingo Animal Hospital has been taking care of my family pets for 20 years. It all started when my family dog, Flap, swallowed a thumb tact when he was just a puppy. We rushed him to West Flamingo and they took the best care of him. Then, to make sure that he didn't remember going to the vet as a traumatic experience, encouraged us to bring him back a few times just to play with the staff. This turned Flap into a NUT for the vet - he could just not WAIT to get there. That was case #1. Case #2 has to do with my current dog, Sir Gordon Snacks A Lot. A few months ago, Gordon got really sick and we could not figure out what was wrong. I, of course, took him straight to West Flamingo. Doc Yach was off but I was left in the very capable hands of Dr. Miller. She was an absolute SAINT. We took x-rays, we sat with him, we talked, we considered our options and finally decided they had to do exploratory surgery after four days of him being there. She was incredibly supportive and I knew that my puppy, who was not even 2 at the time, was under the best care in all of Vegas - and I'd feel safe to say - the west coast.What really puts them over the top is their care and compassion for the animals. When Gordon was there sick, he happened to be in the local paper that week. One of the technicians had come across his photo, cut it out and hung it in his kennel for him. WARMED MY HEART.Pets are family and this is a group of professionals that I trust their lives with. I cannot recommend Doc Yach, Dr. Miller and the rest of the staff enough. And I thank them from the bottom of my heart.
5	This place has the most caring and loving Doctors and Staff...I've been going here for 11 years!! They've taken care of my beloved 12 year old cat and even our little rats we had!!
5	AWESOME!   Dr. Yach & Dr. Macy ROCK!Alicia is my persian cat's (Tuff Girls) Godmother!She is such a great lady...  Dr.Yach & Macy added so much time on our other Cats( Waynes)  life.We took Wayne to All about Cats and they misdiagosed something on his chin that they called acne...it was cancer. By the time they agreed that it was not cancer it had grown so big. Poor Wayne. I am not here to bash All About cats but please do your homework and get a second opinion from other Doctors. RIP WAYNE 1992-2010
5	I love this place the staff is so nice and the doctors are great.. They don't hesitate to answer any questions and they are always quick to get back to you. My pets see Dr Gross and she is awesome..
1	While the doctor examined my pet, she explained that they are very thorough and tell you everything about the procedures and costs.  She said my pet needed one test and I could bring my pet back if she needed another test.   She told me the benefits of having both done at the same time.  She said that adding the second test would give complete results.  I accepted the fee of $240.  I received a call from the doctor this afternoon with the test results.  She said for $135, she recommends a third test.  The third test would definitely produce complete results.  So I just gave away $240 with no results!  Third test?  No thank you.  I don't want to know the cost of the fourth test.
4	Been to quite a few vets in Vegas and this place is my favorite.  I especially like Dr. Yach, he is caring, nice, thorough, and informative.  Most of the staffs are nice too.
5	My 10 week old kitten was bitten in the face by a dog.  They took him in immediately, cleaned him up and kept him over night.  I didn't have to give my name they all knew who I was.  They followed up with a call the next morning and sent a nice card by mail.  I like the personal touch and caring.  Highly recommend.
1	This review is for the grooming service.Asked the groomer to do a complete shave, short everywhere. My dog's entire face and neck are still covered in fur. She looks terrible! Basically I paid $55 for a half-done job. Teresa didn't even trim my dog's nails.They refused to book an appointment for the mistake to be corrected. The girl said that the groomers were separate from the hospital. Weird part is that I originally booked the groomers through the hospital. She said I should just wait for the groomers to call when they had a slot open.My poor dog. Poor wallet too.
5	Our pets love Doc Yach and the rest of the crew and so do we! We've been bringing The Sadie Pup, Harvey Weinstein, Fenix Face, and The Lily Bear to West Flamingo Animal Hospital for all their checkups, grooming, boarding, and a few little emergencies we've had over the last 5 years or so, and have always had great service. The dogs (and cats) love it there!
5	I have taken my two dogs here for years and love them! They are reasonably priced and care so much for the dogs. One of my dogs had a horrible back issue. They gave me some options and told me the risks. Surgery was expensive and not a good chance of improvement. The dog was in such pain. They suggested some isolation and kept her for a week. The bill was amazingly small! After that we did acupuncture for several weeks and treated with some steroids. Little by little she improved and by six months out was good as new! She loved her doggy acupuncture. i was skeptical but the proof was in the pudding. It has been at least 3 years since her back has done anything to hurt her. I bet my out of pocket for the whole treatment plan was under 500 dollars as opposed to a several thousand dollar surgery that was 50/50! The staff are always friendly and helpful. Not once have I felt like they were not devoting their time and attention to my dogs or my appointments.  I am here to stay and so are my Schipperkes Jack and Katie!
4	We trust our dogs being treated here. Very knowledgeable and friendly staff.
5	I cannot say enough about the wonderful vets and staff at West Flamingo Animal Hospital.  I moved here with my then 13 year old dog and got terrible treatment at another vet clinic that almost cost my dog her life.  Thankfully I found West Flamingo and they looked after her health for the last 4 years of her life.  When it came time to put my baby to sleep, they were so amazing with her and us.Now I have two new little dogs that are one and two and I wouldn't think of taking them anywhere other than West Flamingo, even though we no longer live close to that area.  It's worth a drive to go somewhere that you can tell the people are in the business because they genuinely love pets.
5	It's really difficult to find a good people doctor, much less a good animal doctor! When I first moved to Las Vegas from the East Coast, I searched for what seemed like forever to find a good veterinarian for my beloved kitty. West Flamingo Animal Hospital was a name that kept coming up in conversation, so we went to check it out. They've been my vet ever since! The doctors are loving, kind and caring. I, and my cats, really love that the office is divided into two different waiting areas -- one side is for dogs and the other side is for cats, with the reception area in the middle as a large barrier. If your dog chases cats or if your cats aren't fond of dogs, this simple little design really helps ease some of that stress. They even have a nice fish aquarium on the kitty side to keep them entertained a bit (and dog treats on the dog side). The office is very clean and neat and the exam rooms are quiet and comfortable. I've never been in the back to the lab; they usually take your pet back there to do tests, x-rays, bloodwork, etc. while you wait. The office stocks a variety of prescription pet foods, treats, grooming tools and toys too! Best of all are their hours -- they are open until 10 pm most nights. This is crucial when you have a sick pet, as I did a few nights ago; I was able to get an appointment at 9 pm! My beloved kitty who was their first patient has died of old age but I now take my two new adoptees there for care. I have been very, very pleased with all of the care they have received. In fact, when my first kitty died, the staff was SO caring and gentle and treated me and my pet in such a loving, caring way. I even received a sympathy card from the office in the mail. I can't say enough about the doctors and staff here. Take your pet: you'll be so glad you did!
5	Great animal clinic. Not the most affordable for sure. Actually they are kind of expensive. Probably more expensive than most. However, the staff is phenomenal and have taken GREAT care if my dog. They truly care and he is happy and excited every time we go. We have works with 3 doctors and 2 have done procedures. They have all been great. Dr. Gross and Dr. Miller are wonderful. Dr. Billings key has been very nice in consultations where our other doctors were not available. I would recommend this clinic. On another note my dog needed prescription dog food. It was cheaper to buy the dog food from this clinic than it was from Petsmart. Also, the pill pockets were less here than at petsmart.
5	Dr. Billingsly has been my dogs vet for many years.  She is a kind and gentle person with a rocking sense of humor... I think the dogs get the fact that she's just a cool person.  My previous dog - a maltipoo named Sadie - lived a happy life to 18 years.  When it was her time to go, the office at West Flamingo sent me the loveliest card with real sentiment about knowing her all those years. Now that Goldie - another maltipoo - is with us, she gets great care at West Flamingo Animal Hospital.  We kennel our animals when we go out of town and I've never had any problems.  In fact, they seem happier and healthier than when I dropped them off!
5	So we had to take our Jack Russell in for a late night anal expression. The vet tech was like the sensei of dog whispers. He took our dog into the back without a bark from our little guy. 5 minutes later our dog came back to the waiting room with a smile on his face and his butt smelling like new car. This office turned a service into an experience. I highly recommend this animal hospital for your pet.
1	The grooming service here has been terrible twice. Our first groom was great but after that, the groomer completely disregarded what we asked for and chose their own haircut. Our puppy came home looking like an ant eater with a full body of hair and a completely shaved snout, head, and ears. The groomers here are untrained and unprofessional. We should have never paid for the cut and I would never take any pet here for grooming EVER again.
5	Wow!One thing most people learn quickly about me is that my dog, Brodie, is my world.  I took her to this location off of the recommendation of a co-worker for a pre-existing problem with her one of her eyes.A different vet had checked her out and told me that she had fluid built up in her eye and prescribed drops that stopped working after a week.  Dr. Gross did the proper tests and found out that my dog actually has an immune disorder that attacks her tear ducts and that she suffered from dry eye.  After two days of medicine, she already looks loads better.Furthermore, Dr. Gross found that both of her ears had infections that had been there for a while.  I just went to a different vet a month ago and none of this was found.Dr. Gross was gentle, patient with me and Brodie and informative regarding treatment and pricing.  I am so thankful for her help and intend to make this location my permanent fixture for Brodie's care.
5	Still rocking 5 stars as all three of my dogs get treated quite well here. I got a pup recently and she ended up having a congenital problem called Mega Esophagus. (ME). I have learned that many people who have dogs with this never get good vet help because so many are really unaware of how to treat it. I had never heard of it. But Docs here knew immediately upon presentation. When I have to take her in, they do ALL the stuff you need to  feed and care for this dog.  This vet has never let me down no matter which doc is working or available. There is only ONE annoying person who works there...a young woman who always makes comments about my dogs being barky when they are kenneled or when they have gotten better after some procedure. She clearly does not like her job and I wish she would get a different one so the cloud she creates would be gone!
5	Took our dog there today. Her tail wasn't feeling itself. Dr Haggard was most helpful in diagnosing it. She was very friendly with our dog. And the staff there was very friendly. Would recommend to anyone in need of a vet. Especially with so many to choose from in Vegas.
1	And one star is one too many. I am absolutely appalled by this place.  My little sister brought her dog of 13 long years in to be humanely euthanized Wednesday night as he was struggling through the last night of his life.  What did West Flamingo do?  They told her to take him back home.  It was "too late for euthanasia".  Max spent the next 12 hours suffering while his best friend stayed awake with him until a more convenient hour came around and they would finally put the old man to rest.Sorry, west flamingo, that Max chose a bad time for you to die.  Good thing he stuck it out until 'til morning for you to collect $$$ after the horrific night you put him through, though.  Disgusted.  Absolutely disgusted.  Every single person I know who has a pet will hear this story.
2	The two stars are for the office staff. Elisha is AWESOME and will be in my families prayers for years to come. Our dog got out of our yard, was missing for a day and a half and got hit by a car. Due to my ad on craigslist, and Elisha looking online and finding it, and contacting me, we were able to get him back. Everyone else in the office is great, including the very helpful orderly that helped me get my 80 lb dog with a broken leg in the car. Now, to the reason for only two stars. The doctor we met was the rudest, most accusatory, inhospitable "caregiver" we have ever had the displeasure of meeting. To tell someone that they can give them all of the money they have in their pocket, then we'll "release" your dog to you, but without pain medication, or you can call someone to see if they'll pay half for you and we'll keep him here overnight medicated for his comfort. REALLY?!?!?!?! A veterinarian using the comfort of an animal as leverage to receive payment????? In short, it is a real shame that such a wonderful office staff has to work for such a cruel person. If you care about your animal, take it to someone who cares in Las Vegas, there are plenty of vets that care about animals and their owners.
1	I will never bring my baby here anymore I take my dog here because her doctor is close already and I know she is really sick the doctor here tell me she's ok she can't no tell me what happened with my dog I tell her that my dog bleeding and she tell me she dint see anything I paid 85 dollar for nothing and I feel the doctor is racist the next day I have to bring my baby emergency to her doctor because she's really sick I can't believe the other doctor can't tell me nothing
4	Dr Yach is absolutely the BEST! I've had two cats and a dog, and he is very patient, very knowledgable, and communicates impeccably the care that needs to take place in every situation. I only gave 4 out of 5 stars because I have went to a few other doctors when my pet couldn't be seen by dr Yach and I wasn't impressed. Especially when it came time to put my 20 year old kitty down. The "other" doctor made me feel as though I was murdering my beloved pet....when really I just wanted the suffering to stop. The front desk staff is super friendly, it's a very clean establishment, and you can tell they truly care about all the pets they come in contact with.
5	Very sweet people here. I mean, they saw me cry my eye out. One of the staff even brought me a box of tissues. Anyway, I brought my dog Snow White because of her first seizure (of course I panicked) and they were the only place open at 2 in the afternoon on a Sunday to make sure she was okay. They took care of her and that's all I could ask for.
1	I brought my elderly dog in to be euthanized, instead of compassion from Dr Sheila Billingsley all I received was a guilt trip from her, making me feel horrible, like there was a lot more I could have done for him. At a time like this she should show more compassion, instead of trying to make more money. This was a very hard decision my wife and I had to make, and Dr Sheila sure didn't make things any easier.I will never take any more of my pets to this hospital.Dr Billingsley, please respect people's wishes and decisions at a time like this, instead of trying to make more money.Please don't do this to anybody else. Nobody deserves this guilt!      Gary Schmutz
