4	It's no Art of Flavors or fancy coffee/tea place, but if you live on this side of town, this is pretty much a godsend.Newly opened as of Wednesday, Yogurtland finally fills a sweet treat void near Sunset Station that I still don't believe Rita's managed to do. This is a place that's open (relatively) late where you can grab something cold and sweet and, more importantly, sit down to enjoy your treat with your friends. The indoor and outdoor seating typical of Yogurtland is definitely present here, and what better time of year to enjoy the outdoors than now? [/sarcasm]As with any Yogurtland location, there is a myriad of flavors. Today, I had a pistachio that tasted like there just might be actual pistachio in there somewhere. Last night, I had a strawberry lemon sorbet and some taro. The sorbet definitely smacks you in the face (or the tongue anyway) and the taro is a bit of a lighter and more nuanced flavor that you shouldn't be afraid to sample. Speaking of sampling, by the way, they have a neat little tray that holds sample cups, which they stack in twos (although they'd better not refuse me if I decide to ask for four cups once of these days).The fruits at the topping bar seem fresh and tasty so far. Strawberry, raspberry, blueberry, pineapple, and even cantaloupe and mango taste as good as you'd expect from the ripe, fresh versions of those respective fruit, which is not all that surprising when they have a grocery store located in the same plaza. I have no idea how I'm supposed to reach some of the back row spoons without smacking my face on the sneeze guard, but I'll work on thatThey were pretty dang busy at 10-ish last night. While they weren't so busy this morning, they definitely had a steady trickle, even though it's only their first week open. Probably helps that their sign has been up and that their neighbor on the other end of the building is Cafe Rio. I think they're gonna be open for years to come, but check them out now if you live nearby!
5	Hot summer days call for cold delicious yogurt!  Thank you to Yogurtland for opening in a great location.  It's easy to spot off of Stephanie in front of Sprouts and Total Wine.  We walked in to a clean and open area in which we were greeted immediately.  She had little sample cups ready to hand out for anyone who wanted to try the different flavors they have to offer.  Red Velvet Cupcake Batter is awesome! So I had to fill my regular cup with that.  They offer a great variety of toppings that are fresh and ready to devour.The girl, who gave us the sample cups, checked us out and told us about their membership card (which is free).  When you fill it out online, you get a free 3 oz. on your next visit.  I can't say no to that!  She was so friendly and polite.  This is a great new location and I can't wait to come back for more!
3	I was pretty excited about this place opening only because they also carried my favorite flavor Taro! Taro and Black Sesame were the only reason I made a trip  to the other Vegas/Henderson location .  That and the one on Eastern had lychee fruit as one of their toppings.  Unfortunately they don't stock Lychee fruit at this location and the second visit they already replaced the Taro flavor. Booo ..sniff sniff boo!Even though they have 16 different flavors to choose from, some of them are too similar in taste, like the Strawberry Lemonade,  Strawberry, and Mango flavors. Some yogurt  had a grainy texture.  The yogurt also didn't seem cold or firm enough. From the time it was dispensed to the time we sat down it was already starting to melt. Staff was friendly ,very eager to help and offered samples and their personal favorites. It was pretty busy and they handled our transactions pretty quick.  I used my YL app with no problem.It's just your standard  self serve-pay-by-the-weight place.  Seating area has a few tables and chairs along the window and a little table out in front.Will I return? Naah.....well maybe if they carry Taro again.  Most definitely if they bring back Black Sesame!!
3	Just another Yogurtland in a new location. With it just opening it was a bit crowded as expected. The flavors were the same as you would find elsewhere as were the toppings. I'm not sure why but this place is just middle of the road for me. With some many tastier options for a cold treat on a Vegas summer day I will most likely not be back
3	It's about time this area got a frozen Yogurt place!  It is busy because it is new. Very clean, easy to make your own and the variety and flavors are great!  Get their app and grow your points! It is easy, user friendly, the staff is nice and plenty of seating unlike some other yogurt places. My only complaint is that they are always out of whipped cream and it takes 15 minutes to refill it....by that time your yogurt is gone!
5	I LOVE this place. I started my obsession with yogurtland in California and when I moved here I found the only one which was way too far to justify a quick trip for a little snack but then this one opened! It's brand new so it's super clean, sometimes crowded but it's 110 degrees and a cold snack, of course it is and it's the best yogurt ever! I'm so happy they opened one over here.
5	Walking into the store you could already feel the friendly atmosphere the place offers. The frozen yogurt tasted great especially since they have my favorites taro and pistachio! This place is much better then the Eastern location. I definitely will be recommending this place to my work, friends, and family!
5	This locations is perfect for me because I live and work in the area, I truly enjoy the customer service and the real and  fresh ingredients used in their yogurt. Its the second day of summer people, get down to Yogurtland on Stephanie in between sunset and warm springs. Fyi its the cheapest in the valley, and you get to sample any yogurt of your choice for free. ;)
5	This place is awesome. Great service and super convenient. Also it tastes soooo good.
3	I'm really happy they opened a yogurtland at this location. And they have the new peanut butter cookies and cream flavor, which is super yummy. The place is kind of overrun by teenagers because this is the 'burbs and it's 100 degrees outside and there is nowhere else to hang out, really. It's so crowded, which is good, because it means they will stay open! That being said, however, it kind of sucks because there's a plexiglass wall that is designed to make sure people stay in line (instead of say, jumping in right at the flavor they want). So, if you missed something you changed your mind about, it's really hard to go back to it. And since there are always a lot of people blocking the flavors, you can't really see them until you're right up on them, which makes it hard to decide at the beginning if you should leave room in your container for something that might be good later or fill it up now (decisions, decisions!). And THEN, this might just be me, but I feel a lot of pressure to decide quickly and not just stand in front of one flavor thinking, which stresses me out. Maybe they could have a posterboard with a list of their flavors at the front of the restaurant so you can pre-decide what you want. If you get the yogurtland rewards program / iphone app, you get 3oz free within your first month as your signup bonus. I love rewards programs, in general.
4	They had some spoilt fruit and I brought this to their attention and they were nice enough to switch it out with a new batch. Otherwise they had some nice staff and a nice and clean place.
5	I love the location. I love the staff. I love the flavors. This place is the bomb.com :)
5	Love this place. It's always clean and the cashiers are always nice and polite. Love all the flavors and toppings. I've never had a bad experience. And every Sunday is a yogurtland day for my family and I. Everybody enjoys coming here. Thank you for the great job you do.
3	I have to start by pointing out all of the GOOD. Everybody is friendly,the shop is clean, it's "pretty" and quaint. The yogurt is VERY good and the toppings are fabulous. Unfortunately both times we have gone there although my daughter and I have tried different flavors and have still become sick both times (nausea with headache for hours) since we're not diabetic or lactose intolerant I can only figure that there's an ingredient in the yogurt that we're not metabolizing well. I did look up their ingredients but couldn't find anything - no ingredient list at all. So, it's a great place and I'm not saying anything bad about the shop at all. Go if you can, it's great, I just wish I knew what made us sick.Oh, and my son Devon says "Hi".
4	Great service and i love the do it yourself sampling. Some delicious stocked flavors including pistacchio, and fun limited time flavors during different times. I'm looking forward to trying s'mores at the end of August. When I downloaded the app I got 3 free ounces, and you can earn points towards free yogurt. They have complimentary strawberry infused water at the front. Usually pretty crowded, but the line moves quickly enough. Wish they had smaller cups but, like all serve yourself froyo places, the bigger the cup the more people will likely pour themselves. Great addition to the area.
4	Thank You to whomever decided to open this location. A minute away from the office, you provide a quick fix for my sweet tooth desires. Affordable, with flavors and toppings GALORE, it's the best of both worlds. This place will always be busy, given its location and the scorching desert heat (and non-frozen temps even in Winter), but I've never waited for more than 5 minutes. Tip: get a frequent flyer card! YUMMMM
5	Love this yogurtland! Service is amazing, friendly staff and I love the constant new flavors. I am always welcomed by Danielle, she is so fun and sweet. I love going there just because of her! Keep up the great work!
5	LOVE this place! Open late-night & so fun to sample all the different flavors. This is a safe & healthy alternative that I am obsessed with!  Sweeeet !
4	Yay! A Yogurtland here in Henderson! I could not wait to try this location. Conveniently located and open late. Tip: (If you get their app prior to going in you get 3oz free. Or ask for a rewards card when you go in.)They have a bank of yogurt machines. I mainly go to Yogurtland because they offer no sugar added flavors! On this visit they had a Triple Chocolate and a Pecan Praline. I went for the Chocolate. Next it was on to toppings. I had the unfortunate experience of being behind a small child in line that was touching all the toppings ( Unaided by an adult) and not using the spoon. Ew. Plus, I'm pretty sure his parents did not pay for any of those toppings as I watched him go back to the table and not pay. So my excitement was muddled by this. But I did choose the fruit and other items that I didn't see touched. They still do have a very large selection of toppings. Lots of variety in fruit, which is my fav. This location is always super busy when we come at night. So be prepared to not find a seat. They do have seating outside that is open sometimes. I really love the touch of the free water infused with strawberries. Super refreshing! There are not many options in this part of Henderson so it's great that this location is here! Just watch out for kids & their sticky fingers!
4	I like this place a lot. Staff is friendly, love their app so you can save a little bit with frequent visits.  They send our coupons to the area to help keep business going in the slower times.  This area needed a yogurt shop and this one is a good one.  It can be very busy, they are open late and there is enough seating even if it means sitting outside when it is really hot.  Parking is ample.  My only complaint is that they seem to always be out of whipped cream and the answer is "we are making new and it will be 15-20 minutes". I would think they would know approximately how much is used and plan ahead accordingly. You can tell I like the fact that they have whipped cream and want some with every visit!
5	Yummy.  I could end it there. This place opened up near where i live and i love going here for frozen yogurt.  It's always clean and the staff is very friendly.  I love the strawberry  water.  This place is wonderful and has gotten me through alot of hot summer days.
4	A Yogurtland is a Yogurtland. They are all pretty much the same to me: good quality yogurt, decent selection of flavors, lots of yummy toppings, and fair per ounce pricing.  Since I like Yogurtland, I was excited when this location opened up in Henderson. Just like the Town Square location, by biggest gripe with this Yogurtland is that they do not cut their fruit toppings smaller. And that is admittedly a very minor gripe. This location also gets rather busy in the evenings...  Currently on Monday evenings  buy-1-get-1-free promotion that runs from 4-7 pm, you can pretty much count on a long line on Mondays. The good far outweighs the bad at Yogurtland in my opinion. There is always a large selection of flavors, including sugar free options. The yogurt and toppings have nutritional info like the calories count per ounce, helpful for us ladies watching our waistlines. The staff is usually quite friendly and helpful. The toppings are fresh, there is a good variety of fruit toppings as well candy, and my personal favorite popping boba! Be sure to download the Yogurtland app, not only do you not have to dig through your wallet for a rewards card, but you also get 3 free ounces if you do!
4	This is my new favorite frozen yogurt place! I hate when frozen yogurt has ice crystals in it. This doesn't and is always sweet and creamy. I love their selections of flavors and toppings. They always have something unusual to try. I can't decide on one flavor so this time I had three! I had pudding pop, Pumpkin and root beer float. All of them were sweet but not too much so and tasted exactly the way you expect that flavor to taste. I also love that they have free water. They put fruit in it for a little extra flavor. The only downside is that the place is too small. Not much seating inside and it is usually crowded. There are a few tables outside though.
5	I am an avid fan of yogurt, and yogurtland takes the cake for best yogurt around town. the red velvet flavor gets me. I love all the toppings you can add, plus you can load your bowl and be out of the place in under $5. strongly recommend yogurtland!
4	I love how they open till midnight! The only thing i dont like is that they stop making my favorite flavor taro which i have to drive all the way to eastern for that one :(
4	Yogurtland is, of course, delicious. Had dessert with the boy after dinner at Outback. It was clean, I love the decorations on the table and the staff was nice. My only comment is that the calorie counts on almost all of their signage is inconsistent with their website. I would have totally enjoyed more yogurt if they were correct because I would have known I had more calories to play with!
