5	Awesome friendly staff!!! Although I didn't purchase a gun, they were very helpful with any questions that I had. Gonna talk it over with the wife and will most likely be back very soon to purchase a firearm. 5 stars for excellent service!
5	Best gun buying experience I've had in Las Vegas so far. All the guys in the shop were super friendly and showed me so many things about the gun I purchased. Also they had a really great price on the gun I was looking to buy. They also sold me ammo that was best for my gun and showed me in the manual where it said not to purchase the ammo that was bad for the type of gun I was buying.If your timid about buying a gun, go see the guys at Freedom Firearms. They'll make it a very cool experience!
5	It was my first time in a gun store and I had a great experience. The guys behind the counter were very friendly and informative. The place is kept in perfect condition and its well organized. I really enjoyed my visit here and will be returning again in the near future.
5	I searched on Google for a close gun store in hopes of a specific HK in stock. Located by Warm Springs/Durango, this baby is only 3-4 weeks old. You get greeted right away and introduced names by the guys behind the counter. Service was upfront and helpful. They have a good variety and stock of ammo including 9mm for defense, fmj, or 1000 round boxes. I eyed the 500 round .22 for myself.  Competitively priced firearms compared to other stores in this side of town.  My boyfriend undoubtedly bought his firearm here and was pretty satisfied. For a new place, they look prepared. I'm sure I'll be back here with my boyfriend in the near future do business.
5	I don't own a gun but I've shot a few bullseyes using my bf's PX4 storm.  He wanted to check out the new local gun shop since we're frequent shoppers in this plaza. Employees are really friendly,  helpful & appreciative of their customers.  They know their customers by name.  Perfect! Decided I need some sort of protection,  so I bought pepper spray for $8.06 after tax. I was surprised how competitive the prices are.  Love it!
5	The best gun buying experience you could hope for, everyone was super friendly and helpfull. I was buying my first gun for home defense and I was worried it would be intimidating. Every one at this shop made it a great experience and I will be back to buy another one. If your looking for ammo or a new gun this is the place to go. Awesome job guys and keep it up!
5	Very friendly staff.  Answered my questions accurately.  Great prices as well.  Definitely will do business with them.  Good luck guys!
5	Clean store, good amount of inventory, and friendly/knowledgeable staff. I'll write more as I have additional experiences, but definitely plan on establishing a longitudinal business relationship with Freedom Firearms.
5	Went there last night to buy ammo and a gift card. The people there are so nice and helpful ! I will send every one I know there and alway come back ! It was great going in to there store and being able to find what I needed and not having to wait!
3	It's great to have a gun shop close to my area. Staff are friendly and acknowledge you as you come in. Prices are a bit higher compared to other local stores, but it saves me a drive. They don't have quite a bit of stock, but anything you need they are more than willing to work with you and order it. Transfer fees are a bit on the high side as well. Other stores in town offer better transfer fees. Great staff and very friendly. 3 stars for good service!
5	Great store, good stock, very very friendly people and I have prior military service which is always a plus in my book. I would highly recommend this place to other people.
