4	I have been coming here for years for my waxing needs.  My first was actually when they were just in the single location by Hallmark (which is now their hair salon) and now go to their day spa location (by Einsteins).  The service here is efficient and friendly.  The individual service rooms line the halls by the nail area and are just the right size to feel private, but not too small as to feel cramped.  I have also had a spray tan here for a springtime wedding and was quite happy.  It is not computerized and with being sprayed by an actual person, you get a better more precise result.It is a little pricey here, but it is a good location and they are really good about getting people in on short notice-so that is a plus!
5	I must start out with the fact that I am VERY picky with where I go for my eyebrows.  I was going to a place that was just too far from my house, so when I found Mureeza Beauty Salon was down the street from my house I thought that was a total bonus.  I called the day of to see if they could squeeze me in and they were able to.  They scheduled me with Marissa and I could not be happier.  My brows have never looked better and I almost fell asleep while she was doing it.  Very comfortable room, soothing music and it was only $17.....When you walk in, you are greeted by a very friendly receptionist as well and it's a very comfortable waiting area......It will be hard for me to every go anywhere else but to Marissa from this point forward.  I highly recommend her for any waxing or facial needs!
5	Marissa is by far the best brow waxer I have found in Phoenix/Scottsdale. She is fast, incredibly friendly and does a great job with brow color and shaping.  I'm not sure how she's so different from everyone else, but it has something to do with the shape and how it works well for my face.  People actually comment on my brows now.  On top of that, she's one of the nicest people I've met in a long time.  It's a pleasure to see her because she's happy, upbeat and fun to talk to.  I'm glad this place is near my house, but the actual place doesn't matter to me.  It's all about Marissa.
5	When I first moved here it was SO difficult to find a good hair stylist....am I right?? TARA is completely amazing. She's so welcoming and friendly. I told her exactly what I wanted and she gave me exactly that. I always leave with the biggest smile on my face. Shes the best!!!!
4	Came here for an eyebrow wax with Marissa.  The place seemed slow inside but I still ended up waiting about 15 minutes for my appointment- so that was a little disappointing.  But once Marissa took me back I was in and out of there in no time.  She did a great job.
5	Needed a cut and my usual stylist of 13 years at another salon was booked solid. I fortunately found this place and couldn't be happier with the experience. Master Stylist, Dennis O'keefe, was amazing. I am certainly going back. Great service, atmosphere, and style! Awesome, well done!
4	If you come here for a haircut, ask for Bri. She is the most knowledgable stylist I have ever had the pleasure of getting my hair cut and colored by. The way she talks about hair exudes with passion and mastery. The way my hair looked after is proof of her extensive knowledge. The only reasons I gave four and not five stars is a(The prices are not budget friendly. Granted i've gone to salons is Scottsdale that were far more expensive, but my budget in college was far more expendable than it is now. And b(The receptionist said the f-word and complained multiple times as I checked out. I'm no prude, I use foul language all the time at home! However, it has no place in a high-end salon.
5	I went to Marissa for over 5 years for my brows and skin care / facials while I lived in Phoenix. I had a standing appointment with her just about every other week.. Is it crazy I've lived in two states since (NJ and South Carolina) and still cannot find anyone that can shape my brows the way she did?!! She was an expert... Haven't been able to replace her! Facials are also awesome.
1	So my usual stylist was out of town and couldn't do my hair when I needed amajor touch up. I was recommended this salon by a friend and went just once to a stylist and she completely butchered my bangs and cut off hair that wasn't even supposed to be incorporated into bangs. I have really long hair so she cut off hair that was still supposed to be long and ruined my shape and everything. She cut too far back and too far to the sides. I have to regrow the front parts of my hair which will take forever. I am so upset and do NOT recommend this place. I won't be totally cruel and share the name of the stylist but I learned she hadn't been there that long afterwards so please find out how much experience and years someone has before you let them touch your hair. I'm incredibly upset and she messed them up right before the holidays and before I had to have pictures taken. This place totally put a damper on my year and I had just asked for simple side swept bangs.
1	Still growing out my hair. Mureeza Salon still sucks.
