4	This place just opened recently, so we decided to give it a shot. I've eaten at several of these over the years, while traveling, and they've always been at least okay.For what it is, this one is awesome! No, it's not a gourmet restaurant, it's a steakhouse with a buffet. They serve cafeteria style. It's aimed at families with a lot of mouths to feed.  The parking lot was well lit, and FULL on a Friday night. They had a cordial rent-a-cop outside directing traffic and greeting people in the cold. We expected a wait, but there was none. We got in line, got our drinks, and went through the check out, in about two minutes. The four of us ate dinner tonight for about $36... two adults, two 11-year-olds. Right away, our server led us to our table.  We immediately visited the salad bar. Everything I saw was fresh, and well-refreshed, too. The presentation was the best I've seen in one of these places. There is a big variety of fresh veggies, fruits, cheeses, meats and dressings. I usually fill up on salad at these places, so I don't overdo it on the other stuff, but... I did, on all counts. That's the only problem with places like this --- WAY too many temptations! For entrees, they had many good choices of grilled meats, fish, Asian style dishes, pizza, home-style cooked vegetables... something for everyone. Some things were better than others, but nothing was bad. I tried the barbecue (pulled pork) and found it a little smokey sweet, but tasty. The applewood bacon-wrapped pork loin was a little dry, but delicious. Applewood bacon-wrapped scallops were better. My wife had a small bacon-wrapped filet she really liked. Oh, don't forget to try the yeast rolls. You can smell them baking while driving down North Tryon street!The kids found plenty of things to eat, and my son who had wanted to go to the Taco Bell down the street (!) decided he was more than happy with Golden Corral instead. The server came by attentively, refreshing soft drinks and water and bringing us coffee, since it was cold beside the window (27 degrees outside!).What can I say? It is what it is... a great place for a family to strap on the feed bag. Healthy? Meh. It can be. You just have to make the right choices. There are enough. As for us, we made the mistake of hitting the extensive dessert bar... Sampling peanut butter cookie coated with chocolate and whipped cream, chocolate layer cake, peanut encrusted fudge, ice cream, and other goodies had us waddling out of there knowing we would be back, but sparingly.I'd give them five stars for people moving, four and a half stars for table service, two stars for climate control, three stars for seating arrangements, and three and a half stars for the food. They get four stars for variety, and overall, four stars for experience with reference to the "Platonic Form" of this concept of a restaurant. Well above average execution!
3	The Golden Corral is billed as a steakhouse with a buffet.  Or a buffet with steak.  But I do not think I have ever actually tried their steak.  I have had a few things, including their salad, which is actually not bad, but not the steak.  Go figure.This particular location also has these little sandwiches - at least at lunch, and at least some days - that are really good.  Other than that, I do not think of anything memorable, other than the layout being really strange.Rather than having the buffet in the middle of the dining room and seats and tables gathered around, everything is somewhat elongated (heh-heh-heh, he said "elongated"), so it feels like you have to walk much farther to get to your food unless you score one of the seats right up front.
3	Good value for the money. Nothing is really spectacular, but everything seems fresh. Everything we tried was good, hot and plentiful. I do really enjoy the salad bar. We had to wait an unreasonably long time for drink refills... I really hate that in these type restaurants, because that's all the servers have to do is clear plates and refill drinks...anyway, not a bad deal if you just want to get full for not a lot of money.
5	Cheap, good, crowded,horrible parking and sometimes fresh. You have to be hungry. After a long day at IKEA. Good place to fill your self up.
4	Very good buffet.  Lots of selection and everything is fresh and refilled often. Good after church spot or feeding alot of family in town on a budget spot.  Waiter and Waitresses are prompt and friendly.
3	Occasionally, I like to hit the buffet scene....especially when a coupon is involved.  This location was just ok and a little disappointing compared to other locations I've visited.  The food was nothing to brag about and the desserts(chocolate fountain included) was just ok, although my son thought the house made cotton candy was king.
3	I'm not a fan of Golden Corral, but since my parents got coupons we went here for brunch. All Golden Corrals are pretty cheap considering the amount of food you can actually eat. The food wasn't bad, it was pretty fresh and since we went 10 minutes before breakfast was over we got to get the chance of getting free orange juice.I walked in and saw a chocolate fountain, which I don't think I've seen in any other Golden Corrals before. I grew up going to these restaurants, so as default I got sick of it and never come. This Golden Corral was pretty new, right to the new opened Walmart, this restaurant is located in the right place for business.The staff was friendly and helped with any drinks and picking up plates. The cooks were also helpful if you wanted something from the grill. Bathrooms were pretty clean, so if you need a break and need to drop some weight to eat more, you're welcome to do it! Haha.Very diverse crowd which makes Golden Corral feel more homey and you could get a nice look of the diversity in Charlotte. Anyways, I'll come back if my parents have the taste for it. This restaurant isn't bad, especially if you're hungry for BBQ or any of their many selections.
4	Fantastic salad bar. Great service. Clean. Fresh food. Crowded. Multicultural.
4	It had the regular GC fare with one huge difference... hand scooped ice cream!!!  The baked chicken was juicy and delish. The salad bar was well stocked and clean. The service was fantastic. We had Terry and she was great... our cups were never empty and she even shared some fun convo with us. The only negative I can say about the place is in regards to the restroom... I have literally been inside a cleaner and nicer smelling porta-potty than the restroom there. The black toilet and constant flushing made for a poor experience in the loo.
2	Bathrooms were horrific!  Tissue everywhere, dirt on the floors, toilets nasty.  Told management but he just shrugged and walked away.  Saw a cook bring out FROZEN ribs and dump them on the grill.  Eww!  Also the ice cream bar was dirty around the bowls.  The grandkids wanted to go to a buffet and had already started eating before I could rush them out.  Kept a close eye on what they chose.  Thankfully kids are picky and pizza is never messed up.  Food was sub par as well.  Stay away!
4	Took my staff there for his 5 yr service anniversary; excellent steaks cooked perfectly with nice salty seasoned crust.
