4	Breads and croissants are really good here. My favorite was the almond croissant- buttery, flaky, and rich with a hint of almond paste; perfect for breakfast with their coffee and/or tea. The cakes and small pastries were the typical French fare, nothing special. Service was quick and efficient. It gets crowded here during breakfast, but worth it for the croissants.
4	Excellent bread.  I'm lucky enough to pass by on my way home from work, so I stop in a couple of times a week to pick up fresh bread as needed.  I always try something different, and its always good.  If I buy a loaf I usually ask to have it sliced, otherwise I pick up paninis for making sandwiches in my sandwich press.  A little tip: don't forget to take a number on the way in, especially on weekends when it can get hectic.  Occasionally service can be sloooooow, mainly because of all the customers.  Once your number is called though they'll wisk you through asap.
4	Fabulous boulangerie with delicious pastries and excellent cafe au lait. I especially enjoyed the broiches au chocolat. I also sampled their chocolate croissant (tasty, but I've had better) and their maple croissant (yummy but not very strong on the maple flavor). It's a bit confusing when you walk in here and miss the take a number dispenser like we did. Only after standing around for awhile wondering why no one would help us and why all these other people were being served and we were not did we realize we needed to take a number and wait for it to be called. Once we figured that out though, it went fairly smoothly. They have a nice seating area that is on a raised level just behind the counter area with comfortable boothes and beautiful decorations including some lovely hanging plates. This is the perfect place to grab a bite before or after visiting the Musee des Beaux Arts. I'd recommend the cafe au lait and chocolate broiche. They also have a huge assortment of chocolates, jams, maple syrup and honey as well.
5	This long distance relationship is killing me. I am a cheesecake fantatic. I just love them.  Living in New York allowed me to try some of the best in the country: Eileen's, Venerio, Ferrara, S&S,  Artisanal's, Bouley, David Glass...  And I even order them in the best bakeries in Hongkong, Germany,  Luxembourg , France, China, Japan... so, you get the idea, how much I love Cheesecakes. But I have never found the right combination of flavor and texture...until I had my first bite at Premier Moisson....Oh... Premier Moisson, you are THE cheesecake of all Cheesecake. You ended my quest for the ultimate cheesecake, with one tiny problem ...I have to travel across the boarder for you.  During our stay in Montreal, we went back to the bakery every single day, for breakfast, for snack, for dinner.. anytime I could fit in a slice...I knew I found THE cheesecake of my life: it's creamy, it's not too soft or fluffy, right amount of airyness and density,  not overly sweet, tangy made with the best cream cheese that you could taste...I am still looking for something comparable to you, my love, without traveling so far.
4	For those of you who've seen "Bottle Shock"...well, I believe there should be an equivalent in the pastry/boulangerie department.Amongst some places out West, Premiere Moisson could seriously take on some infamous Parisian bakeries in a heartbeat.Rows of gorgeous and affordable desserts and breads.Minus 1 star for charging me 2 cappucinos when all I wanted was 1 extra shot espresso in my first cappucino...kind of strange...
5	So I have to admit something: I love almond croissants. With an undying passion. Whenever I go to a new city, I try to track down a good almond croissant. And thankfully, Premiere Moisson delivers.I ended up going to various locations several times throughout my week in Montreal because the pastries really are delicious. The almond croissant is giant and filled with ample amounts of almond paste and flavor surrounded by buttery croissant. What more can you ask for?I also tried some of the other pastries, but I kept going back for the amandine. So good.This location is also pretty good for sitting down and taking a breather. It's perfectly acceptable to camp out with a book or some work while you slowly savor your pastries.
3	the cheesecake was good.. and so was the fruit tart.they were rude and stared at us with impatient eyes, but the treats were pretty good.
5	super long queues and inviting boulangerie fare brought us into this quaint slightly below-street-level joint. We were surprised to see a ticker tape at the door, and were a bit confused about how to place our orders, but once we managed to get our food, there weren't any regrets. The french (quebecois) really know how to bake, and butter and caramel. The pear and brie roll was excellent. So were the sandwiches, modestly-priced chicken wings, and creme brulee.
4	I love this place so much. Coffee in a bowl is the only way to roll! Not much to add to my previous review except more and more love for this place. Love you Premiere Moisson. XOXO!
5	What can I say but OMG! I yelped near places while on my stay and this bakery happened to be up the street. After so many awesome reviews I finally went. Very upset I left this place for the last of my stay. Hands down the best cheesecake Ive ever had in my entire 33 years of life. The chocolate croissant, to die for...and the double capucchino gave me a glimps of heaven. You must try, cant wait for my next vacation.
4	A stalwart favorite. The strawberry rhubarb pie is really fantastic. You can pick just about anything in this bakery and it'll be good.
4	Love this place so much! I had the pain dore which was excellent. The coffee in a bowl is exceptional. XOXOXO!
5	We walked several blocks to this bakery EVERY day we were in Montreal... we had to if we were gonna try all the goodies!  We enjoyed the pastries (almond croissant was incredible), pretty little cakes, breads (I would carry around an orange & chocolate baguettine in my purse all the time if I could), and simple but tasty sandwiches.  The jams and butter cookies are terrific as well, so bring some home with you!
1	-THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED due to a fire-Was disappointed to find a boarded up front entry here today, website says it is closed "indefinitely", but there are several other locations in Montreal.
3	As of 9/10/11: came here craving some pastries before my Mont Royal climb and found out from the Gallery lady that the bakery is CLOSED! :( My search for almond croissant in Montreal continues...
4	I love this bakery!I live in Columbus, OH - my uncle lives in Montreal. He comes to this bakery every day for breakfast. When I come to visit, I do too. I love the pastries. I don't ever remember being disappointed here.I do, however, get disappointed being back in Columbus trying to find some pastries to eat for breakfast. There just aren't bakeries of the quality of Premiere Moisson in Columbus, Ohio.
