1	I am a huge Subway fan for quick cheap eats.  A Subway lunch has been the norm for me over the past 5 years.  At this location, food is average for a subway but the service is the worst you will find. The kids making your sub never seem to know what they are doing. The owner is constantly yelling at the sandwich artist as they make your sandwich.  It is shocking to see the owner treat his employees in this manner in front of customers. The owner is strange and aloof and not customer service oriented.  There are plenty of Subways in Vegas, stay away from this one.  I recommend the Quiznos across the street if you are looking for good food and service.
2	Raised prices and coupons don,t include any 12 inch sandwich specials. Used to buy here weekly but no longer can afford it especially with the fact that they give less meat and cheese then Port of Subs.
3	I just remember coming here not to long ago with my roommate.  Why is it always packed every time I go into a chain restaurant that has no cars in the parking lot. The physics don't make any sense.Anyways, this is what you would expect at a subway, the same selection, decent quality, decent value.  My only complaint was that my meatball marinara was never toasted when I told them to toast it.#1stWorldProblems#NothingToSeeHereMoveAlong
2	We all know Subway: Eat Fresh!  Cheap sandwiches made quickly, 5 dollar foot-longs, etc.The one thing I like about this Subway is the fact you can order and pay online, just show up, and pick up your sandwich.  Excellent for being on-the go, especially if you know you're going to be around that particular afternoon or evening to get your sandwiches for the family but are currently stuck in the office or what have you.  Aside from that perk, the interior is clean, there are usually ample tables, the staff has been there for a while, they greet you pretty quickly.   I took away a star due to the GM/owner, this kind of "off" older guy lecturing and kind of embarrassing one of his employees in front of the customer(s).  I thought that was really unprofessional and awkward to witness.
3	Subway is Subway but they seem to think everyone is on a diet nowaday. I feel like the meat is getting less & lesser. I used to get full from eating a 6" now I need to eat the 12" plus chips & cookies. There chocolate chip cookies are so yummy. But so pricey now =T sigh Note I'm not a fat person =P I been eating almost the same amount of food for a while.The service is nice. I'm in and out of there. The place seems clean. They don't have every good specials no more. But in the ad mailers you can find coupons for breakfast and there 6" subs.
5	I was warmly greated upon entering this facility by Joselyn.  The place was very clean but was cleaning anyways she then made me the best oven roasted chicken sandwich I have ever had at a Subway restaurant.  The food was excellent an the service was amazing.  I didn't see the infamous owner "Scott" yelling at his employees or see him at all for that matter.  I will definitely recommend this Subway to my friends and neighbors who live in this neighborhood with me.
1	Will NEVER step into this Subway!  Had to repeat my order five times and asked for mine and my sons sandwich toasted.  My sons sandwich was not toasted ad cold.  I went to counter and told them I had asked for a toasted sandwich.  They told me that they could not toast it more since they had alredy given it to me (that they could not take it back and put in the toaster) and if I wanted it more toasted, I would have to pay for another sandwich.  I told them I had just spent over $25 for my lunch and I wanted my sandwich the way I ordered it.  After more debate, the clerk said "Whatever" and remade the sandwich and acted like she (or he, couldn't tell) was doing me a favor.  Are You Kidding Me????  This is how they treat their customers????  Keep your effing sandwich......you have lost a customer and I will tell everyone I know to stay clear of this location, including Subway Corporation.      What a JOKE!!
3	This is good for a subway.  The food is good and the employees can be very nice & patient.  Not all of the rolls are good @ subway.  Find what you like & stick with it.
