5	I confess - I loved it in London, where usually staid audiences were on their feet clapping and singing along during the finale, in San Francisco, on Broadway, and even here at the Mandalay Bay in Vegas, the last place one would expect a Broadway musical to be given a full-scale production, let alone one that consistently sells out. No doubt this open-ended run will be here for a long time. The thinnest of plots - a young girl tries to determine, on the eve of her wedding, which of her mother's three one-time suitors is her father - is wrapped around the catalogue of ABBA hits that dominated international pop charts in the 1970s. Some fit into the storyline naturally, while others appear to have been forced in with a sledgehammer, illiciting giggles and groans . . . but nobody walks out unhappy. Clearly you had to have had some affection for the Swedish quartet in its heyday to enjoy this - if not, then head to the nearest casino. The cast is bright, bubbly, and talented, and by show's end, everyone in the audience is dancing at their seats or in the aisles. How can you not award five stars to a show that introduces Midwest tourists to the magic of Broadway, and a new generation to 'Dancing Queen'? Muriel Heslop would love it.
5	My first of many musicals started here with Mamma Mia in the Mandalay. My middle name is "dancing queen." It was really exciting and the audience got into it with dancing and singing along in the aisle. The cast of Mamma Mia definitely set a high standard for other musicals.
3	Meh...I really dig ABBA's records, I'm a big music fan, and I think my first crush was Agnetha Falskog when I was like 8....I think that actually reduced my enjoyment of the show, ironically.  I was taken aback by all the dialogue! Boy, somebody really worked on that...a little too hard. I think I was expecting something different, maybe a bunch of production numbers of Abba songs, or a "popera" where any story was contained in the lyrics.  But it was a Broadway musical, alright, albeit one that added an unrelated libretto to a body of music that really does stand on its own.Alright, I know, I'm over thinking it, and to be fair, the cast was a hoot, particularly the three female leads, who dress up in "futuristic disco" ABBA type clothes and do a couple numbers...they were funny and charming. The best part was the big finale when they just...played the songs. The band was tighter than a gnat's ass, that I will say. I think that this show would be most enjoyed by women of a certain age...and I think it was obvious that it is aimed squarely at that demographic. So, if you are someone who thinks that Benny and Bjorn were musical geniuses, put on the records. If you got laid to "Waterloo" after your prom in 1977, this is your show.
2	You have got to be kidding me! I guess I understand why this show stays open.  It's all about the music.  Everyone seems to friggin' love ABBA.  But what is this musical about really.....I'll tell you what it's about....it's about an hour and an half of my life I'll never get back....NEVER! Maybe that's a little harsh, the music isn't bad, but my 3 year old nephew Milo could have written a better script and he has yet to learn the alphabet, just little scribbles. (so cute.)That being said.......even though I don't get it.  It's a crowd pleaser.  It's a story about a girl who's getting married and wants her dad, whom she's never met, to walk her down the aisle. Problem is there are 3 possible father's.....looks like Mamma got around.  And Mamma, well she owns a Taverna and needs "Money, Money, Money" (yup, that's how they use the songs, thank god ABBA didn't write a tune about using the toilet, I'm sure they would'a found a way to use that too.) There you have it....you either like or you don't.  I didn't.  I would sooner send you to the Rio's Show In The Sky, it's free and they throw beads in your face, instead of implausible plot points....I don't know which hurts more though.
3	I saw this a couple years ago, but I really enjoyed it! It was a great night with lots of laughter, but what the hell was up with the costume and set design crew? Do you not have eyes? There was nothing creative about this! And as a theater junkie you get docked two stars.
5	I don't understand why this show would get such low reviews from others, but this is my favorite vegas show of all! I think this show is more suitable for the younger crowds, thats why maybe some people didn't like it. It is true that you must get a closer seat to enjoy this show to the fullest. I sat in the private lounge area right above the bottom row of seats after the intermission, for the first half of the show I sat in a front row seat of the back section. I just asked one of the show security guys if I could sit in that section because it was empty and he just let me and my party sit there! =) That's a tip for you fellow yelpers.Well about the show, it was very entertaining. The show is very funny and the singing is just great. The story is one of a kind! The only bad thing I would say is that the main character (the not so little, girl) wasn't the prettiest thing to look at.I ain't a fan of ABBA's music but I was after the show was over.
5	Something is wrong with me.Now, I know I am not the most "normal" person I know but something is really wrong with me.I love Abba.  LOVE LOVE ABBA.  I sang all of Abba's songs as a child, and have never turned my back on them, even after they disbanded.  My first tape was an ABBA tape.  My first record was an ABBA record.  LOVE them, so I will say - that is prerequisite #1 to truly enjoy Mamma Mia.But that is not what's wrong with me.I have now watched THIS show, the Vegas Mamma Mia show, a total of FIVE TIMES.  I kid you not  - five freakin' times.  And.... (hiding head in shame) I loved it all five times!  The last two times, at least I did not start tearing at the end of the show (I'm telling you, I am NOT normal!) but I was still gleeful and on a high when the show ended.  Furthermore - I even watched the SF Mamma Mia.  Once, though.Folks, this is not a show where you come out with your life changed, and there is no deep meaning.  It is almost silly - very light, but FUN FUN FUN, and just an enjoyable time.  The cast is extremely talented, and some of them are truly amazing singers with outstanding voices.  I've sat as close as 3 rows back from the orchestra, and all the way back to the second  floor seatings, and while the view was that much better in row 3 - - I found the acoustics to be better further back.Given the fact I have watched it so many times, I will say that the mood of the whole show is largely determined by the audience - - I have been there on some nights when it was like every single ABBA whore was there that night (like me, or even worse) and we all go apeshit at the end, dancing to no end, many women sobbing through smiles, and everyone singing like CRAZY.  And 1 or 2 shows were more subdued with an older, more mannered crowd, but I think that applies to any musical.If you are looking for a FUN time with a talented cast, and great music, good laughs and just good humor - - try out Mamma Mia at the Mandalay Bay.  In spite of the mediocre ratings some people have given this show - - I think they just expected the wrong thing.  Yeah, the SF show was good  -  but this is a Vegas show.  It's more about having a great time than doing a serious production, British-style.  It's a great twist, in my opinion, to the original.That said - I am due to go to the SF Mamma Mia (which is comin' back in September 07) and still have to go to the Vegas one ONCE MORE... but that's it.  NO MORE MAMMA MIA FOR ME after that.Even I have to draw the line at 8 times of watching one show, hahahahah............... unless, of course, I go to Broadway.  Then, all bets are off!
5	Show: What a fanastic and fun show! Im only familiar with 2 Abba songs so most of the songs in the musical Ive never heard before.I liked Mamma Mia though, eventhough Im not an Abba fan. The story line was touching and funny and the cast was so energetic! This musical is defintely a great adult musical full of comedy and white spandex pants! I also liked how at the end of the musical, the cast was interactive with the audience. (Yes the rumors are true....you really will stand up and dance at the end).Price: Not sure since I didn't pay for tickets but I have seen discounted tickets on Goldstarevents.comLocation: In Mandalay Bay
1	"Would you like to go to a show while in Vegas?"Me: "Uh, OK, sure.""Do you like Abba?"Me " I dunno, I guess so. I like at least that one song.""Let's go, then. It's s'posed to be great."Me: "What the hay, nothing to lose..."Except the two hours you'll never see again.And the money, of course.Plus the potential aneurysm you may suffer once you realize what you're in for.This is a slow death oozing synthetic sentiment and crusty narrative caterwauling wrapped in sugary, caffeinated harmonies.Go if ABBA does it for you; if jukebox musicals are your thing. Or, watch fish swim around the casinos for a more compelling time. Or watch the valet at work. Or just find a better show.  I am still looking...
5	WARNING: This is a cheesy review from the greatest ABBA fan in the world. The greatest straight male ABBA fan in the world.This show inspires me when I'm "Under Attack". 2 shows a night for the cast, so they're "Super Troupers". The show is pricey, it'll cost a lot of "Money, Money, Money". But it's a fun show, great story, great acting, and you'll say, "Thank You for the Music". If you see me at Mandalay Bay, "Take a Chance on Me" and come along on a date with me to watch "Mamma Mia".So to all my little "Honey Honey"'s, "I Have a Dream" that this show will stay at Mandalay Bay for a long time because if not, "One of Us" will be very sad. But if you want to see a cute story about a mother and a daughter, "The Name of the Game" is to watch "Mamma Mia". It's fun, alive, hysterical. You won't lose with this show, like Napoleon at "Waterloo". You'll sing along, you'll be a "Dancing Queen". There are many shows in Las Vegas and on Broadway, but this one is "The Winner Takes it All". "Does You Mother Know" any ABBA songs, do you know any ABBA songs? After watching this show, you'll say "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!" at your local store to buy ABBA CD's. "Knowing Me, Knowing You", I own them all.EPILOGUE: I expect to get slammed for this review. Prepare your statements and insults, because I have already signaled an "S.O.S."
4	If you're older, it's a must see!  I saw people 40+ having a great time, dancing to the music, dying to give standing ovations and as we left were saying "let's watch this again!"  Maybe the music brings back the good times.I thought the music was great, but something about the story line, jokes, stage props, intermission and some singing left me feeling unsatisfied.Tip : We were able to get very good seats for $50 at the "tickets half off" place where Coca Cola is on the Vegas strip.Tip2 : Don't know if this is allowed, but I saw people spotting open seats and changed to them during intermission.
1	Very blah... so not Vegas.  The New York and Los Angeles productions of these ABBA songs were 10x better.  CLICK HERE FOR HALF PRICED TICKETShttp://www.goldstar.com/?p=f292244ff26-- stars based on category, not food
4	While sitting at the slot machine with my fiance, a young couple came up to me and asked if we'd like free tickets to see Mamma Mia.  Huh, is this one of those timeshare thing or some kind of scam?  She could sense the hesitation on my face and explained to us that her mother was a high roller and got some free tickets to see the show.  They had 2 extra ones and thought they would give them away.  She said Allen and I looked like a nice couple so she picked us!  Wow, maybe I didn't hit the jackpot or won at the slots, but I got lucky with those tickets!  Front center row seats (5th row) at $110 per ticket.  I love ABBA's music.  After all, I grew up with it (Oh shut up, I know I am old!).  But I never thought I'd go see Mamma Mia or enjoy the show.  I couldn't be more wrong!  I LOVED IT!!!  Thank you, thank you, thank you for the free tickets!!  The acting was a little too forced and the story line predictable.  Nevertheless, the singing, dancing, and performance were fantastic!  At the end I was actually moved to tears!  There was no acrobat or magic tricks, but definitely an entertaining Broadway show worth seeing.
4	I liked this much better than I expected that I would.  I am not really an ABBA fan so I never had much interest in seeing this.  But, free tickets tend to spark interest in me so we decided to go.  It was a bit corny and the plot was fairly weak, but the production looked nice and the songs were pretty good.  I was interested in seeing how they used the songs.  I thought the three main actresses were very good, particularly the two "friends" of the main star because they had all the best comedic parts.The seats were comfortable and we had plenty of cocktails.  The bathroom lines at intermission were very long and the drink lines took a while but we still were able to accomplish both.  I don't know if I would see it again, and I am not sure I would have enjoyed it as much if the tickets were not free, but it was a pretty fun show.
5	This past 4th of July day weekend my family and I took a road trip to 110+ degree weather in Las Vegas!  Packed into a mini-van and a compact car with parents, children, sisters, and the world we drove to the hot desert of sin city for some buffet,  slot machines, and relaxation at the Beach (Mandalay Bay).  After wading in the chlorine filled lazy river, wave pool, and swimming pool that lightened the color of my bikini I had the chance to watch Mamma Mia the following day.  My sisters and I bought tickets at the half ticket price line which is nice to be able to see a broadway show for a decent price.  The show was entertaining and fun.  The love story was sweet.  Great for romantics, mothers, and daughters. Loved the characters of the mother and her two good friends, daughter, and Sam - he looked hot (at least  from the mezzanie). I especially loved the fact that you can bring drinks in the theater. =)  I would definitely watch the show again!  I'm looking forward to watching the movie too.  Hopefully, it won't disappoint me too much.
3	This is my third time seeing Mamma Mia!, the other two being in Toronto and San Francisco.  Taking advantage of their summer specials, the Big F and I went to check it out a couple of weeks ago.Since I was already familiar with the music and script, I was really looking forward to the stage set-up.  I figure with it being a Vegas show, they would have really gone all out on the stage.  I was wrong.  It was very basic, and reminded me of a high school stage.  I thought the props would be more artistic beyond what they did.  Perhaps my expectations were too high, and that's why they fall short.Sure, I enjoy the story, music, and entertainment of it all...it's just the Las Vegas production left me disappointed.It's definitely a two hour plus show, which I think is a good thing.  (I hate when productions are cut short 'cuz I feel jipped!)  It's definitely not worth the price though!  The theater is actually smaller than I thought and the nose bleeder seats are really not that far back.And if you have to use the restrooms during the intermission, leave the theater!  They'll let you back in as long as you have your ticket and you won't be standing in that ridiculous line.  This applies to the men as well.Word is, it's their last summer in Vegas anyway.  Just as well with the movie coming out soon!
2	It was ok. It was cheesy and I'm not a huge ABBA fan but wanted to see what all the hype was about. Got discount tickets so I guess I can't complain too much.
4	This was actually my very first Vegas show, I can't believe it took me this long to finally see one.  I ordered the tickets on-line, they were having a special, buy one get one free, so I couldn't pass it up.  I had been wanting to see it for a while.  I ordered the tickets so far in advance that we were sitting third row center!The show was great, especially the music.  I was a little disappointed with the set though, some of the scenes could have had better props.  The songs meshed well with the story line, and I really enjoyed the costumes.  This musical makes you want to jump up and start dancing in the aisles, especially the song at the end.
1	Essential the same scene over and over again with an ABBA song thrown in there for good measure. Was a frustrating show to watch as the characters fear of confrontation was evident in every scene. I'm wondering how this is a "smash hit"?If you HAVE to check it out go to Goldstar.com.. you can get discount tickets there.
4	i can review mamma mia?  yay!  so cute!  the story is a bit cheesy, but the songs are so fun!  "dancing queen" just made me think of our AJ singing karaoke at 25si.  i only knew less than half the songs, but i still loved the show.  it's just really "cute".  i went with a girlfriend which was a good thing.  i wouldn't make a guy see this show.      my favorite part was in the end, after the curtain call, they came back and performed 3-4 of their most popular songs.  it was like being at an ABBA concert!my gripe: you know you're in vegas when the concession stand isn't really a concession stand.  they only serve cold drinks....like alcohol.  when we asked for hot tea or coffee (which i needed because the theater was ice cold) they said no hot drinks.  ugh.
1	Utter crap.  Some shows (see Phantom) can perhaps be excused if you're not used to seeing live shows.  Not this one.  It was just horrible.  The stage was smallish, but that wasn't bad, because it's a small set - really just one building that alters shape into a few arrangements.  Even the theater wasn't bad.  The seats themselves weren't terribly comfortable, but it's not a long show, so it was bearable.The real problem here was the show itself.  I've seen Mamma Mia a number of times live, and all were generally about the same.  I've even seen the movie, and while it was definitely different, it was at least okay (Pierce Brosnan's voice notwithstanding).  This was just horrible.Since the focus on this show is the songs, and how they take everyone back and all, you'd think they could do better, right?  Wrong.  Here, rather than having a band, or even a typical orchestra, it sounded like the entire show was done by one guy with a synthesizer.  The voices of the performers may not have been too bad, but that made all the songs just sound so... wrong.  It threw everything off and made it really bad.  As not-good as the movie was, this was so much worse.  Save your money.
