5	I am very happy and more than satisfied with the way Adelina and her staff decorated my flowers at my wedding ceremony. I am a type of person who is fussy, hard to please,  and meticulous in everything. After reading VIP Floral Designs good reviews, I took the risk of getting her to be as my florist for my wedding. I am so pleased to say that I made the right decision. Part of my wedding agenda is not seeing husband until I walk down the aisle so I did not have any idea how VIP Floral decorated the flowers. I was extremely amazed as I saw the flowers when I started walking down the aisle. I could not help but smile and felt I was in a fairy tale!I recommend everyone who is looking for a florist for their weddings or any special occasion. What's even better is VIP Floral Designs is very flexible with your budget. Will adjust for you and does not over price nor take advantage of your money. Be precise on what flowers you want and they will do and tailor it it based on your budget. I love her. She is very personable and chatty. I also noticed that she takes care of her employees the same way she does to her clients. She even gave me a handful of chocolates and water when I visited his office!
5	this place is great. great service great product and a unique writing on their roses. i loved it and so did my wife. thanks so much ill be back again soon.
5	Yesterday my husband got again flowers from Vip floral designs and again wonderful job. I put a review a few weeks ago about this flower shop and for no reason yelp decided to remove, I don't understand why? I spoke with Adelina from Vip floral today and thanks her again for the flowers I got yesterday and I want her know that I put a review on yelp, but she told me that yelp always remove all reviews from there account. So here I am to update this, because they deserve it.
5	I was trying to get my friend exotic flower arrangement for the opening of their restaurant . I had to go to 3 other shops before I found VIP . I was fortunate they had the flowers I was looking for and more . The ladies helped me decide on flowers n design . I was a little concern bout price when they were so helpful n friendly . When I told them I needed in 2 hours they made it happened . The arrangement was gorgeous !!  I send flowers to friends n family all the time so I'm aware of the cost . I'm surprise the service was great n the price is very reasonable for the rare flowers . I will definitely be back for more flowers .
1	We tried to buy a simple bouquet from here but the customer-service was really bad, we tried to leave as soon as we got there
1	The worst customer service ever! I wouldn't do any business here. They are extremely rude! i decided to order flowers elsewhere!
5	Literally the best place in Las Vegas to buy flowers! They do custom work and the customer service is above and beyond.  Dona is the sweetest lady around.  This is by far the best place in LV.
