4	Everyone has been pretty friendly every time we have come here. They offer the use of their tools if you need to tighten something up. They also offer free battery testing which is what we needed when we stopped by here. Overall, I am pretty satisfied with the service we have received here.
4	This morning I woke up to a dead battery in the Lincoln Mark LT.  I was lucky enough to have one last start left in it.  I like this AutoZone because they open at 7am weekdays.  They quickly looked up my battery and saw that it was out of warranty.  They gave me 40 dollars trade in and let me use their tools to change out my battery and I was on my way in 10 minutes.  Thank you AutoZone!
5	Dramatic evening for us, my roommate's Chevy Cobalt's battery died with the key locked in the ignition after attempting to  jump the little guy was more of a ChevyNoVa instead of a No-Go then Triple A arrived helped get the key out with their super hero powers jumped it enough to drive and the get in the zone... AutoZone off Ray & Arizona where I called to see if they had the battery in stock and Carlos had awesome customer service on the phone we arrived and Carlos still had a great attitude then we were helped over and beyond by Eduardo! Eduardo went as far as helping us get items to clean the corroded battery terminal he cleaned it himself, removed the current battery and installed the new battery for us! Great customer service over and beyond right from the initial phone call to in-person! I don't always High-5 but when I do it's definitely to my AutoZone Superheros!
1	"There's plenty of idiots that work here."...those were the words of one of them in the flesh. This fellow proceeded to tell me that he couldn't put a new battery in my VW JETTA because the battery was buried under an electrical panel. He said it would take over an hour, even though a different gentleman the night before at the same location told me over the phone they could do it no problem. I called the VW dealership and their service rep literally laughed when I told him what the employee at Auto Zone had told me. So I proceeded to confidently show my "not so complicated battery" situation to Alex who didn't even respond with so much as an apology. In fact, he passed me on to another employee! And thank God! I got much needed assistance from Carlos, who appeared to be an assistant manager. He provided quick and helpful service regardless of Alexander's unwillingness to help me from what I suspect was an acute case of stupidity and laziness. Never going back to this location ever again. PS this location is in an awful part of town.
