4	In the search for places to eat near work, I stopped in for lunch last week.  I had the small pizza/salad special for $8 or so, which is a little pricey for a "special" (it would be more special if the drink were included).  I had their pizza of the day, a BBQ chicken pizza.  It was great!  The Caesar Salad was good too, though it was stacked rather high on a small plate so lettuce was jumping overboard left and right.  Maybe I'm just a sloppy eater.Overall a little more than I care to spend for a workday lunch, but good eats nonetheless!
4	So, I avoided this place like the plague for the longest time.  No reason really, it just never caught my attention.  It always seemed to be empty, which led me to believe it must not be that great.  Well, don't judge a book until you walk in and try the spaghetti! The Bollo Neapolitan has been my favorite pasta so far and the steak sandwich is to die for.  I'm telling you- I never order steak sandwiches and I fell in love!   I've tried a few of the other pastas and they were ok, but the Bollo Neapolitan was my fav with the runner up being the Garlic Shrimp Pasta.Now for the Negatives.  The chicken on the pasta just never really tastes right to me.  I don't know what it is, but it has a very gamey taste.  The dishes I've tried without chicken have been far superior in my view.  Finally, I've never seen this place packed.  That can be a negative or a positive depending on my mood, but I would like to see a few more patrons.  So, if you don't want to wait in line at the other Italian joint in the AMC 30 complex (Macaroni Grill) or are looking for a non chain option, check out Neapolitan! The service has always been great too.Bottom Line: I'm glad to finally have a decent Italian choice when going to the movies at AMC 30.
4	It is funny how once you see a review for a place to have never reviewed you are compelled to do a write up. I like Neo, they are good, the food is fresh, price is good, the service is good, the location is great, there is never a wait, etc. The bad... I never remember it is there. I have had several of the pastas and pizzas and the only thing i remember is the bread. lol
4	Since I work near here I go here sometimes for lunch with my co-workers. I have nothing but good things to day about this place. The food is inexpensive yet tasty and of good quality. The staff is helpful and friendly. Today I got the calzone and it was excellent. Tasty, flaky crust and plentiful tasty fillings. The iced tea was good. I know I can come here and get a good cheap meal. The decor is nice and the place is clean. Clean bathrooms.
5	I never give 5 stars but this place always keeps me craving.  My favorite pasta dish is the Chipotle Chicken Penne.  Good spicy kick and a good balance of sauce to other ingredients.  Second and third for me would be the Garlic chicken and the pesto chicken respectively.  I know my pesto and this one is not the best I have had.  Another must try is the Buffalo Gorganzola Pizza.  The flavor is amazing and interesting but just be prepared that it will be very salty.  Probably better as an appetizer to share with others (at least for me) because the salt gets to be too much to handle after a couple of pieces.  The free appetizer bread with olive oil and basalmic dip is a great start as well.  Since it is located next to the Deer Valley 30 AMC theater it's a great place for a pre-movie quick-but-quality dinner!  Almost exactly the same as Babbo on 67th ave and Beardsley.
3	This restaurant looks like a fast casual restaurant like Chipotle but it is a full service restaurant where tipping is required. It is really small inside, the tables are too small, and the chairs are uncomfortable. The food is good though.The complimentary bread they give you is fresh and melts in your mouth it is so good!  They top it off with chopped onions and herbs and they use the same bread for their sandwiches and pizza.The only downside for me is there are not many vegetarian options so I ordered a caesar salad. It was pretty good I can usually taste the anchovies in the dressing but not here.   We ate here on a Wednesday and my nephew ate for free. I don't know if kids always eat for free or what but I thought that was a cool perk if you have kids. Despite the uncomfortable setting I enjoyed my meal next time I'll probably order my food to go.
4	I love this place went today for lunch and had the pizza and salad combo for $9.00.  Great deal and you get bread with oil and vinegar for starters.  The pizza is wood fired thin crust and very yummy.  I usually get the cheese and sun dried tomato pizza and cesar salad and have never been disappointed.  They have Italian soda's too that are very tasty.  My favorite is the Very Chanilla.  Yes I spelled it right it's a Cherry Vanilla soda and after finishing one you want a second.  I have never ate here for dinner so I wouldn't know how it is but after eating lunch here many times I would totally recommend it.
4	I went back after a long break no real reason just haven't been back.  I had the usual lunch combo pizza and salad for $9.  I also got my favorite Italian Soda Very Chanilla.  As usual the food was very good and the service was good.  There was one thing I noticed that the usual bread with oil portion was smaller than normal.
2	Thumbs mostly down for me.  Something important to note - this place is "Babbo" under a different name.  I live right next to a Babbo - so we've been there a few times in pinch...I thought it was strange when I saw the same fancy soda drinks on the menu.  Then the bread came out and it hit me - this is Babbo.  Same bread / same oil and vinegar set up.  The food was fine.  It wasn't bad.  Based on all of these reviews I expected much more - but once I found it it was Babbo Under Cover - I was less than impressed.A few friends and I are doing a little pizza tour of the valley and ranking them amongst ourselves.  That is why we chose this place as one of them - lots of great reviews for a pizza place.  We all agree that after having been to 5 or 6 places on our list thus far - this one is at the bottom.  Not trying to come down on this place - like I said the food was fine - nothing outstanding.  Probably good local spot for those who live over in that area.
2	Went for lunch and really was not impressed. I had their lunch special which was salad and a small 8" pizza for 9 bucks. Not really a deal in my book. I had the Buffalo Chicken pizza (their special for the day) and the pizza crust tasted like cardboard. Their house salad was drowning in balsamic and oil. I could barely taste any of the great toppings on the salad. The only reason I gave this place two stars was because the staff was friendly and prompt.
4	Friday for lunch I went to Neapolitan and tried one of their new pizza's on the menu.  Neapolitan White Pizza which had Fresh garlic, fontina, mozzarella, gouda and roasted tomatoes topped with basil.  It was actually really good.  I am glad to see they are adding more options to their menu that is already great for lunch.
4	Been here a few times for lunch with co-workers and I am a definite fan.  I've only tried their penne with artichokes/kalamata olives in pink sauce, but the dish has tasted great each time.  During lunchtime, for the price of $9.00, you get a choice of their misto or caesar salad in addition to a lunch portion of the pasta in "pink sauce".  I've added chicken (for an extra $3), but the pasta tasted fine on its own.  The misto salad is also a good size and has always been fresh tasting.  Even though the menu describes the pasta portion as "small", to me it's like a full-sized entree.  Between the fresh bread (free), the salad, and pasta, I've always had leftovers for dinner.  My co-workers have tried the fresh tomato/mozzarella/basil pasta and the mushroom/sausage/pepperoni pizza.  We agree that the quality, taste and portion size of the dishes we've tried warrant repeat visits to Neapolitan.  The service here has been efficient and professional.  (See photos to get an idea of the items we've tried.)
5	Great Service and fresh food
3	Today I went in for lunch and it seems the quality actually has gone down a bit it is still good pizza but the salad was a bit smaller and pizza just didn't have the same flavor.  You don't get that wood fired smoke taste which you would crave at a wood fired place.  I'll go back maybe today was a bad day as usually I like this place a lot.
3	The server totally understandable that we had a movie to catch and rushed the food along. The sangria was better that expected and their melted cheese app was delicious.
1	was very disappointed,two other patrons the service was terrible,the waitress obviously wanted to be anywhere but at work and it showed in her customer service..The food was terrible,two ordered calzones that were not cooked,the mushrooms were not done,I ordered pasta that was terrible!and I lost my appetite after first bite! location for this facitliy is perfect for move patrons too bad the service and food didnt live up to that!
3	So, I was at work last night, flipping through a magazine, and there was a photo of a pie from pizzeria bianco.  It looked delicious.  Mouth watering.For the next two hours all I could think about was that pizza, the deep red sauce, dollops of fresh mozzarella, sliced tomatoes and basil, fire kissed crust.  Mmmm.I, however, do not live near down town, so needed to find a closer option.  Enter Neapolitan Wood Fired Italian.It was close, they do take out, and it was about $30 for two huge pizzas, which I can handle.  The staff was friendly and my order was ready right on time,  so nice work there.It even came with some bread sticks and dipping oil, nice touch.No fresh mozzarella, sad face.  The sauce was OK, the crust didn't have that fire kissed quality I was hoping for, but it was good.Overall, not bad, in all fairness I was craving bianco, and who can really live up to that?
4	I went here tonight for dinner with my mom and sister in law. The place was totally empty when we got there, but had a few tables filled when we left. When we were waiting we had some very delicious oniony bread with balsamic and oil. I ordered the creamy garlic chicken pasta which had a very tasty sauce, but the chicken was just alright...kind of dry. BUT it was super inexpensive in comparison to dishes like this at other places. My mom had the broccoli on fussili pasta which was decent, but not terribly flavorful and my sister in law had a panini that she said was good, but I didn't try. The food here is decent and it is convenient for after a movie, but it isn't the best restaurant in town. Still, it would be nice to have more people come here and less people go to the chilis next door.
5	Was very impressed with the Pizza, they had West Coast - Green Flash IPA on tap so that is 5 stars right there!Make a reservation as Friday night was packed had to come back the next night but worth it all the same.
1	This was so disappointing!! I was looking forward to a great thin crispy crust, instead got average chewy crust like Dominoes or Pizza Hut. Toppings were ok but Italian Sausage was overly hot and flavor was unremarkable. Fresh basil and tomatoes were overpowered by the yeasty crust.Well live and learn.
4	I had the Spring Mix Salad with Roasted Asparagus was one of the best salads I've ever had. The ingredients all went together perfectly. The smokey, roasted flavor of the asparagus, the sweetness from the raisins and dressing, the variety of flavors in the spring mix - it was absolutely perfect! The menu says it's served with a "sweet vinaigrette," but I'd describe it more as a balsamic reduction; it was thicker and less oily than what I think of as a salad vinaigrette. They also served a nice rosemary flavored bread at the table. The service was very friendly. However, it took a while for someone to come back after our meals were delivered.The prices were very reasonable and the portions were on the large side overall. As other reviewers mentioned, it was quite dead inside. I think if it weren't for the great prices and salad, I'd give the place 3 stars, but it's worth a trip for the salad alone!
5	This is the third time we have eaten there. Each time the food has been great. But tomite Alex our server was the BOMB!!!  My girlfriend ordered a salad and it came with mushrooms,shes not a fan and it wasnt listed on the menu . He gladly got her a new salad w/o mushrooms. She said one of the best salads she has ever had. Alex was one of the best assets this place has,besides the food.
5	I've eaten here several times since it's right next to the AMC theater and I always join my aunt for dinner here either before or after the movies.  The food has always been good but I've never really been inspired to write a review until now.  We were there last night and we ordered the garlic cheese crostini as an appetizer (so good!).  My aunt had a pizza, my uncle had spaghetti and meatballs, and I had my usual - the mushroom asparagus pasta in a garlic cream sauce (add chicken, leave out the sundried tomatoes - yes, I'm a picky eater, get over it).  My aunt has this problem of never being able to finish her food (I did not inherit this in any way) and she was mentioning something about it to my uncle as the waiter, Alex, was bringing our drinks over.  He overheard her talking about not being able to keep leftovers because we were heading to a movie after dinner.  He said he would wrap up her leftovers and keep them in the fridge at the restaurant for her and she could pick them up after the movie.  I was so impressed that he would do that for her that it bumped my 4-star rating to a 5-star rating.  The food has always been consistently good (unless you ask my husband who doesn't like Italian food... I know, I don't know what's wrong with him either) but that level of service finally inspired me to write a review.  Bottom line, you can't go wrong if you choose to eat here.
5	Delicious pizza!! I had the "four seasons" and I love it
4	Awesome pizza and desserts. Not too heavy, pricing is just right and ambiance is relaxed and unruahed.
5	I met my brother for lunch, since I was working near his work hood.  This place is bright, clean and modern.  We were quickly greeted by the host.  As soon as we sat, we were greeted by the server.  Got our drink quick and took our order.  I ordered the Meaty Italian pizza.  OMG, the crust was thin and crispy.  Really good.  Very GOOD.  I likey!  My brother woofed down his spaghetti and meatballs.  Great food and service, whats not to like?
4	NEAPOLITAN WOOD FIRED ITALIAN IS CLOSED PERMANENTLY; "Fired Pie" is now in its place with most of the original staff members.This is a great place to pick up a couple of pizzas for a casual dinner. Its really nice and comfortable inside and we have always had great, very friendly service. We had an appetizer, salad and two pizzas in less than 45 minutes and for about $50 including the tip. I absolutely recommend the Mozzarella and Roasted tomatoes appetizer, it is AMAZING!
4	Its Sunday night and my daughter, grandson & I are back up in North Phoenix visiting family and were going to be headed home but I knew we needed to get dinner, so I called up another friend who has been dying to see my newest grandson and told her we are in the area, lets meet up for dinner and we can visit, she said yes let's do it!She told me to meet up with her and another friend at Neapolitan, so we did.Our server was Brian, and he was great, made sure we were taken care of.Friend ordered me this focaccia style type of bread with onions on top of it with this amazing balsamic vinegar & oil mixture to dip it in, omg that was just too dang good, in fact, I ate it all!!My friends told me to try the special on the wall for dinner, it was a Tequila Chicken pasta dish, it had spinach noodles, chicken, peppers & jalapenos, cilantro and this creamy sauce that pack a lot of flavor, this also was an amazing dish!I don't order dessert that often, but I was craving something sweet, so I ordered the tiramisu, and omg it was mouthwatering good! Look forward to coming back and trying out the other items on the menu for sure!
4	Been here a couple of times as it's close to home.  They have great happy hour deals, tasty food, decent wines, and casual atmosphere.  We've only tried the pizza and salads, but I like the menu, there are several things I'd like to try.  The pizza is very thin/crispy style.  We ordered the small pizzas but a table next to us ordered the 16 inch one and it looked a bit thicker and delicious!  We'll have to try that next.
5	Best freaking place on earth!!! I could eat here every night!! :))
5	OK,  this place is good. Really good. Not sure how long it's been open now. I remember seeing an ad for Neo way back when. I meant to go try it, and then it got lost on my radar. Well many months later, we decided to try it out when we were in the mood for italian. And let me tell you, we will never forget it again! Everything that we have gotten there has been AMAZING. Seriously. Much better than any of the major chain italian restaurants, and typically less expensive as well. Our favorites are the carbonara and the chicken limone. We've tried many things there, but these are our ultimate standbys. The portions are extremely generous, and I usually have enough for two meals. They serve bread and dipping oil with every meal, and they even include it if you place a to-go order. If you want them to leave something out of one of their dishes, just ask, it's not a problem.It's never been super busy any time that I've been in there, although there are usually a lot of people going in and out picking up food that they ordered. The service is a teensy bit slow, even when they aren't busy, but since the food is so good, and they serve you bread while you wait, it's worth it in the end. When your food arrives, you can tell that they just prepared it for you, it's always hot and fresh. FYI, they have a pass through window into the kitchen that can be seen from anywhere in the restaurant. So if seeing into the kitchen is something that's important for you, then there you go.Just try the place. Try the pasta for sure, try the pizza (if you go during happy hour then you can try their pizza for a really good price), try an appetizer.  I haven't had the pleasure of trying one of their salads yet, but they look awesome as well. Trust me, you won't be disappointed!!
3	Maybe I'm spoiled by San Francisco restaurants, but this didn't live up to what's expected of a four star. The food was ok, but not something I'd go back for. I had the Tequila chicken Fettuccine. It was a little dry and not very flavorful. The free bread however was excellent and deserve a four star. Maybe I should go back and try their pizza.
4	My friends and I have been going to Neapolitan for a couple of years now, it has been come one of our favorite little hang out spots, sadly we were informed that the place is redoing their entire way of doing business and will no longer be carrying the menu we have grown to love, so a group of us went on Sunday, which was the last night of business for the current set up, our favorite server Brian was there is serve us and talk with us as well.  It was his last day as well.One of the things that I loved about this place was the bread, it is amazing! I love bread, can't get enough of it, and it came with balsamic vinegar/olive oil blend to dip it in, OMG amazing!! Loved it!!  I have worked my around the entire menu with the amount of trips I had been there, so this time I ordered the BBQ Chicken Pizza, it was delish as well.  I think the name of the place is going to stay the same, but from what I heard they are eliminating everything except for some of the pizzas and salads, and it's going to be more of set up like Chipotle, you walk in, order the type of pizza want, walk down the line and pick up it, pay and take it go or stay in.  I'm sure we will give the new set up a try, but it just won't be the same.
5	our waitress was great. she checked back on us often, got our order right and always had a smile on even though we were a huge party that all came at different times. thank you!
5	This was my first time at this restaurant and I was very pleasantly surprised.  I like this new take on the Chipolte Concept.  I hate that Pizza restaurants nickle & dime you for every topping.   I like that I can come in and for one price, I can get as many toppings and as much of them as I like.When we walked in, we were greeted immediately.  That was a great way to make us feel our business was appreciated.  Having been our first time here, they were great in explaining how it worked.  I ordered up my own pizza with about 15 toppings.  Everything from Pepperoni, Ham, Sausage to Sauteed Onions, Jalapenos, Chicken & Mushrooms.  It took about 5 minutes for them to cook it up in their wood fired oven and they brought it right out to the table.  Needless to say, it didn't last long.It was a great tasting pizza and I like the one price concept.  They make a great product and charge a fair price.  We will be back quite a few times I'm sure.
