4	If this was my first Brazilian Steakhouse experience, I probably would have given this restaurant 5 stars.  Unfortunately, I had an amazing experience at Rumjungle inside Mandalay Bay, so this place is in 2nd place.  The price was great, about $35 for the all-you-can-eat option.  The salad bar had some nice items like real Parmesan cheese and some pretty decent sushi, but clearly you come here for the hordes of meat they bring to your table to carve tableside.  Everything was pretty delicious, and we got full all too quickly.  But service was great, so if this place can stay in business (high priced meals in these hard economic times? good luck!) I'll be back.  Thank god I'm not vegetarian.
4	Better than Pampas in Planet Hollywood hotel.  Almost as good as Fogo de Cha.  Service is definitely top notch.  Good local eats.
5	A very nice churrascaria.  The food is much better than other local churrascaria (including Rumjungle).  The service was terrific and it is a real bargain at about $40/person.  The food I had at the salad bar was excellent (couscous salad, fried rice and tomatoes with mozzarella).  But I had to save room for the parade of meat!  Just to give you the heads up, the salad bar is more formal that any other salad bar I've been to. The salad bar is staffed and they hand you a plate.  Everything at the salad bar looks perfect, almost to the point that you don't want to mess it up.  And when you do take food (aka mess it up) someone comes by to make it looks pretty again, replacing the serving spoons, etc.  At least you know it's probably the safest salad bar in town!The decor is really nice and it looks like it might be too fancy for casual dining, but almost all the patrons were casually dressed (t-shirts and jeans) so don't worry.  Finally, the caipirinhas are awesome!  Very strong and very good!
5	I'm already drooling! It was so good! So tasty and a ton of perfectly cooked and flavored food! Honestly, the servers kept scaring me because I would be in the middle of a conversation and BAM! A sharp rod filled with skewered mouth watering meat is in my face! A sliver of lamb here, a piece of rib eye there and an hour later, I probably consumed an ungodly amount of Brazilian BBQ  that I feared I would never look at meat the same way again! Didn't have room for desert though. But that's never a bad thing!I want to go back.
5	I love Brazilian food and they bring it to you first class. Elegant atmosphere, plenty of seating, and a truly friendly staff made my experience memorable. It is pricey, but I dare you to find a Brazilian place that isn't. Trust me, you get what you pay for and then some. And the dessert cart....YUM!
5	We were impressed.  Service was very attentive and food was excellent.  We went on a Tuesday night when they had 1/2 price bottles of wine...We highly recommend this place.  We frequent Brazilian food and this was top notch!
2	If you are visitor to Vegas, without the car, this is not a good place to go. It's too far, Your meal is cost as much as the same your cab. it's really hard to get a cab to pickup after you want to return.  When we were there at that time, the waiter will go around us with the meat selection we really waiting for. We end up only taste about 7-8 kinds.  I had almost everything at other brasil steakhouse.
5	Via Brasil is a Brazilian churrascaria that is pretty far off the strip.  Unless money is no object, I wouldn't recommend travelling by taxi. Odds are your taxi ride will cost more than the meal itself.  If you are sick of the buffets and looking for a meat coma, this is the place.Walking in, we felt we came under-dressed as the place had an upscale feel to it.  A nice place to go when you are all dressed-up  But Monday night seemed pretty slow and the few people there were all casually dressed.Salad bar had some interesting items such as carpaccio.  The quality of all the skewer meats we tried was excellent.  Every piece we tried was flavorful and amazingly tender.  While there are 18 choices offered on the menu, we maybe saw maybe 12 of those 18 rotating through (but again, that may have been due to it being a weeknight).18 styles of meat offered on the menu:pork ribspork loinribeyesalmonsausagechicken drumstickslamb chopsturkey with baconskirt steaksuckling pigpicanha (top sirloin)chicken breastflank steakbeef ribsgarlic picanhatenderloin in baconleg of lambprime ribDesserts were top-notch as well.  I had the creme brulee which was a fairly large order and was probably one of the best I've ever tasted.  My friend had the coconut flan and that was an excellent choice as well.  Save room for dessert if you can.Service was excellent (on the weeknight).  Skewers came by quickly and waiters came by frequently to refill drinks and ask if we needed anything.Highly recommended.
3	I've been here twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. The lunch is exactly the same as the dinner. It's still a buffet which is a little heavy and a lot of food for lunch. The salad bar has a variety of cheese, fish, seafood, salad and it's pretty filling already. The meats are kinda bland, I think my favorite was the chicken and skirt steaks. The best thing about this restaurant both times was the flan for dessert. It's thick and creamy and just delicious. but its not included with the buffet price.
3	I wasn't realy impressed. Their better tasting ones in my opinion was the leg of lamb and the chicken.  Sirloin, rib-eye, flank were okay. Texas de Brasil might be more saltier with their meats compared to this place or you can say this place had less flavioring on their meats. Their salad bar was small, and didn't have much varieties like Texas de Brasil. This place has nice decor and pretty upscale. Overall conclusions: Texas de Brasil is better.
5	This place was great.  A little pricey, but the atmosphere was well worth it.  They even have a waterfall wall inside and an entire wall of wines. The place was beautiful.  The food was so yummy.  The salad bar wasn't your typical lettus and dressing either.  They had pasta, roasted veggies and other different dishes.  The meat was a little plain, but the chutney they provided to put on it made up for it completely.  My husband and I tried the rack of lamb, beef wrapped in bacon, turkey breast wrapped in bacon, prime rib, chicken drumsticks, and the beef ribs.  The only thing we didn't like was the lamb, but then again neither of us really lamb to begin with.  My husband also tried the salmon and he loved it.  The service was also great.  Our server took his time to explain how everything worked and checked in frequently.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be back for sure!
4	The place was very formal inside. The salad - side bar was just ok. The ravioli needed work, mushrooms were good, all in all enough to fill you up. The meats were delicious! Turkey wrapped in baccon, top sirloin, skirt steak.. Yum you leave a satisfied carnivore. Service was spectacular. Only wish they included dessert since you pay 42 bucks per person pre fixe price. Worth going to.
4	Recently, my family of 4 (my wife, two kids-9 & 6, myself) celebrated my wife's birthday at Via Brasil.  She had been there once before, but this was the first visit for the rest of us.  I had trepidations from reading so many comments about how "formal" it was, and how it was not good for children.  Both of those comments could not be farther from what we experienced!When I made reservations online, I clearly indicated that we would have two young children, maybe just to see if the restaurant would give some indication of their reaction...but within 10 minutes, I got a phone call to confirm the request and welcoming our children to dine with us.  At that time, I also mentioned that it was my wife's birthday, and they graciously said they would "do something" as a surprise.  Yes, I know this is becoming perhaps an all-too-familiar 'perk' for restaurants as well as many diners (to have to hear Happy Birthday chanted several times during their meal!).The decor is upscale and suggests the kind of place with some snoot appeal, where people may come to be seen, but let's face it, this is a suburban restaurant, and what restaurant would risk alienating the down-to-earth folks with an overly haughty attitude these days?  Via Brasil gets it just right in that the 'hardware' is upscale and formal, but the staff and service is engaging and friendly, without any pretentiousness whatsoever.When we arrived, I immediately noticed many parties with children...although I couldn't help but note that they all seemed to be seated in the front section of the restaurant, and that maybe the staff was consciously trying to keep the back part of the large open dining area somewhat kid-free and quiet.  It didn't matter to us - the entire dining room is beautiful, and the food is the same regardless of what GPS cell your table is in!As for the food, I rated it 4 stars and not 5 just because there were some items that were not quite as superlative as others.  Everything happened as others have mentioned:  you sit for a short while, order drinks, and build up a little more anticipation, but then it's a bee-line to the buffet, which had more variety than the average casino/hotel buffet.  Salads, soups, and various hot dishes (stroganoff, a curry dish, a risotto, seafood paella, etc.), along with appetizers that were presented well and tasted great (carpaccio, asparagus,  etc.).  NOTE:  The captain had come over shortly after we were seated to let me know that our 9-year old would be given a very reduced price for the entire meal (around $15, I think), and she would be able to eat anything she wanted (all meats, etc.), and that our 6-year old would not be charged at all.  While I don't know if that's their standard policy, I felt that was more than fair, and certainly goes a long way to encourage "family dining" at this restaurant from time to time.  The waitstaff was great in handling our children, too, always stopping at each one of them to see if they, too, wanted to try whatever cut of meat they were offering on each round.Even as we were coming back with full plates of appetizers, freshly grilled meats were being 'walked' around the tables, and the noshing (if one can 'nosh' on meats!) started right away.  Before we knew what hit us, we had cuts and slices of so many different types of meats...and most of it was excellent.  All of the beef offerings (rib eye, picanha, flank steak, garlic picanha, and the prime rib; we passed on the ribs because they were too huge and wouldn't fit on our plates at the time) were fantastic.  My wife enjoyed the lamb chops immensely, though I wish we had stuck around for the leg of lamb to make its rounds.  The other offerings - turkey, pork, and salmon - were a little hit-or-miss, probably because I prefer my meats less 'garnished', and these were typically crusted or sprinkled with parmesan or wrapped in bacon.  Actually, I enjoyed the salmon, though many may find its smoked flavoring a little washed out and bland, and its texture a little pasty instead of flaky (imagine cooked small roe!).  The sausage didn't do anything for me...but then again, I'm not a sausage fan.Before we knew it, almost 2 hours had elapsed, which is saying a lot when dining with 2 children!  They had sampled quite a few meats, too, and while it may not become their favorite restaurant, I think the "bigness" of the experience kept them from becoming restless, and they both said they enjoyed VBS.I'm running out of room here..so I'll just say LEAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT!  They also remembered my quick comment about my wife's birthday, and delivered birthday wishes as requested!  Definitely a place to consider for all occasions, but do plan on spending a good deal of time and money (around $150 for the entire experience, even with the generous discounts for the kids, and we aren't wine drinkers).  I hope this place stays around a while!!
5	Hubby and I came here on a spur of the moment - and boy were we glad we did!  From the warm & friendly greeting by the hostess to the cheery goodbye when we left, the service was impeccable and the food was beyond amazing.  The salad bar was ultra fresh and it could have been very easy to fill up on just that - excellent risotto and black beans/rice were top notch.  Now on to the meat - oh my goodness!  The prime rib and sirloin were the best but every morsel of meat was beyond delicious - even the lamb which I normally don't care for.  We are definitely looking forward to our next visit already :)
5	I've gone to this place a number of times now, and wow. Just wow. Unless you're a vegetarian, this place is amazing.If you've never gone to a Brazilian steakhouse before, it's quite an experience. It's all you can eat and you are given a card that's green on one side and red on the other. If you want them to bring more, then green side up. If you're full or just want to take a break, red side up. Of the 18 different meats on the menu, almost all are carried around on what can best be described as mini swords. If the waiter sees your card is green side up, he/she will stop, slice you off as much as you want, and then make way for the next waiter. A few of the bigger items, like beef ribs and salmon, are brought around on a cart, but the same principles apply. The service style is called "rodizio."I've found that the skirt steak, top sirloin, and leg of lamb are the best, but it's entirely subjective. Most of the steaks have a similar seasoning, which has a slight salty taste, but everything is very good. The best way to approach this massive intake is to focus on the meats first, then finish off with the salad bar, because let's be real here...you aren't going to get your money's worth if you do it the other way around. The salad bar is well stocked with dishes ranging from meat and seafood entrees to various veggies to appetizer-ish items. They usually have calamari salad and hearts of palm, so I'm always satisfied. The drinks at this place are top notch too. There is a respectable wine selection and an assortment of Brazilian drinks, both alcoholic and non-alcoholic. The two worth mentioning are the guarana and caipirinha. The first is a soda that tastes like Red Bull, and the second is the national drink of Brazil. I was expecting the second to be more of a, well...drink, but it turns out it's just straight liquor with a splash of lime juice and sugar. It's got a really good flavor, however, it'll definitely wake you up if you're aren't expecting something so strong. The dessert cart merits a look before you decide to call it a night. I'm sort of a tiramisu pig, and theirs is worth trying. I won't say it's the best I've ever had, but I also have impossibly high standards in this field. Theirs is, without a doubt, more than good enough to warrant ordering again. They have creme brulee, cakes, mousses, and a few others too. Come to think of it, their desserts are pretty much what you would expect at an Italian restaurant. I would rate this place as one of my favorite restaurants in all of Las Vegas, but I can't really go there too often since it's a little cost-prohibitive. Dinner for two with drinks and dessert will run you about $120 after tax and tip. That said, they do offer some specials that will appeal to more budget-conscious diners. Mon-Thurs from 5-7, they have a limited (meaning only 5 meats without the salad bar) all you can eat special for $18.95 per person, served in the bar area and patio only. They offer the same special on Sat and Sun from noon to 5:00 as well, so you don't really have an excuse not to try this place.  Make sure Via Brasil is on your radar for your next special occasion. You won't be disappointed.
5	This is one of the few 5-star reviews I will give in my life. Like the rest of the reviewers, I agree...the food is amazing. I'm certain some of the meat is marinated in Angel's Tears and slow roasted over smiles. But one element I want to stress in this review is the service.The manager runs a tight ship. The staff is in constant motion. Anticipating your next need. Meat, sides, drinks, as soon as they think you'll need it, you have it. This is a no stress restaurant, the way it should be. Sit back, relax, and enjoy your meal.SIDE NOTE: I asked for an Arnold Palmer (Iced-Tea and Lemonade) and the waiter said he had something better. It was Iced-Tea and Cranberry juice. It's perfect and I can't recommend it enough.
1	I went with my family. They told us on the phone it would be $28 per person. We got there and it was buffet style, all u can eat salad, and various meats brought to your table and sliced onto your plate.  Appetizers were brought to our table also. The atmosphere and food is impressive and they've got 5 stars so far until I get the bill. They charged extra for desserts and drinks which it was assumed came with the buffet. $7 per dessert and about $3 per drink which made the bill about $30 more than expected. Those hidden costs were pretty underhanded because they even brought the dessert cart to the table and asked what we wanted for dessert. It would be just as unfair as finding out that the various poultry meats offered contained an extra charge.There were no menus and nobody told us drinks and desserts wouldn't be included in the buffet. I hope you scammers go out of business for pulling that crap.
5	Like a recent Yelper's review of Via Brasil, I dont give 5 star reviews often but Im thrilled when Im able to.  In my book, to earn 5 stars means a restaurant has mastered its niche.  That is, a hamburger stand could certainly earn 5 stars like a fine french dining experience.  Its all a mater of context.  That being said, Via Brasil is definitely a 5 star Palace of Food.  I have eaten at plenty of Brazilian Churascarrias over the years and I can say Via Brasil takes the cake over all them.  I recently went on a weeknight with my nephew to celebrate a new job and we were immediately taken back by the amazing synthesis of upscale and casual in the same environment.  The restaurant is beautiful or being in a Summerlin strip mall.  They have their salad bar in the center of the restaurant and a small, but comfortable bar off to the side.  The restaurant is ringed by windows and while there isnt much a view, it does get beautiful colors and light during the sunset.  The staff immediately sat us, described how the restaurant worked and the fun began.The first thing we were greeted with was this soft, warm cheese bread that was fantastic.  We then approached the salad bar and soon found out that salad is but a small component of the overall spread.  This "salad" bar had warm dishes as well like Ravioli, scalloped potatoes, stroganoff and a sort of seafood Ciappiono, all of which were delicious.  As for its cold selections, there were pasta salads, fresh mussels, beef carpaccio, caprese and a host of other amazing & fresh foods.  I had to be careful, otherwise I was going to get full just on the salad bar so I limited my intake although I could have easily just partook in the salad bar all evening.  In fact, I think its an option for around 20 bucks for those not inclined to enjoy the rodizio selections.  After the fabulous salad bar, we began the meat parade.  Using a small disc thats green on one side and red on the other, we flipped it green and a constant delivery of protein was soon ambling its way over to our table on skewers where the waiters slice it off table side.  For a couple items, like the suckling pig and the salmon, they actually to table side carving off a cart.  The meats were amazing with special recognition going to the bacon wrapped turkey, salmon, garlic sirloin, parmesan pork loin and flank steak.  As if the meats werent enough to chew on at this time, more waiters flooded our table with a selection of side dishes like mashed potatoes, fried plantains (bananas) and broccoli.  They have more sides like beans, rice and fried Yucca should you want them as well.  I cant recommend the fried Yucca enough as it was a perfect compliment to the meat.  Think of it as a less starchy, slightly sweeter steak french fry.   The total amount of meats that made it to our table was 16 and once you get through the whole roster they invite you to request any of them to come back out for more.  No mas for this guy...if I didnt have gout before, Im sure my body was one more bite away from developing it!While there is a desert menu, I couldnt even think about it.  All I wanted to do was get home and throw on some elastic pants.  While I may have been in pain, it was a good pain and worth the effort.  The staff at VIa Brasil is top notch and took time to explain every dish for us and the preparation.  I found the prices to be reasonable for the Brazilian Churascarrian dining experience and especially for the quality.  Its essentially 40 bucks a person for the full shabangabang.  I cant wait to get back and explore their wine menu next time (nephew is under 21 so we decided to go the soda route) and I hear they have live music on the weekends!  It may take 2 months to digest all the food and once it is, you can definitely bet  I'll be back.As a bonus:  its so refreshing to have a restaurant of this quality in the neighborhood without having to deal with a casino/resort!
2	I went to this place with high hopes being that it won Best of Las Vegas. I was very disappointed. I can not say the food was bad but for the price should have been much better. The prime rib, top sirloin and flank steak were all the same tough. The staff was the only part of the evening that was good. Very attentive and helpful. If this place was only $20 instead of $43 I would consider going back. For the little extra I will stick with Texas de Brazil.
4	This place was much better than Texas de Brazil and not to mention a little cheaper.  The BF said that all the meats were really good and not as tough as TDB's meats.  The salad bar had a little less selection in the vegetable area, but there was beef carpaccio (better than Brio's apparently), mussels, and other seafood selections not offered at TDB.  The passed meats included picanha, rib eye, flank steak, leg of lamb, rack of lamb, bacon wrapped turkey, chicken, baby back pork ribs, beef ribs, salmon, and Brazilian sausage (I couldn't stop laughing when the BF told the guy with the sausage how much he "love[s] Brazilian sausage").The sides that the AYCE Rodizio dinner comes with are mashed potatoes, steamed vegetables, cheese rolls, cinnamon sugar bananas (yum), and others upon request (just ask your waiter) all included in the set price.  The only thing that wasn't included was dessert.Before coming I visited their website and signed up for their weekly newsletter and received an e-mail for 20% off  their Rodizio dinner for up to 4 people - awesome, now we can do a double date with our friends.The service here was really good.  Our water glasses were always filled, and they asked (before we had to ask) if we would like more Coke - a very rare experience.  We were looking for the lamb so we asked the flank steak guy and literally 1 minute after he left, the lamb dude showed up - amazing.  Also they have a mini-Rodizio offering AYCE 5 meats (picanha, ribeye, lamb, turkey wrapped in bacon, and salmon) for only $18.95 (Available in the bar and patio area only).  Might go back to try this option... too bad they don't offer the Brazilian sausage.  haha
4	My husband and friends went here for a Sunday lunch (1:00pm) and by 3:30pm I was in a food coma and on our way home.  I walked into our house and walked straight into the bedroom (get your head out of the gutter!) where I had to take a nap until 8:00pm.  When I  woke up, I wondered "what the hell happened?"  Meat Feast is what happened.Yes, that is a true story.  Yes, as someone referred to it below as a "food parade" is true.  Did I love it?  Absolutely.We had a group of 8 people.  I did not know what to expect about going there.  But the waiter explained everything to us. They have a salad bar thing- salad, pasta, etc. so I went over there and got a few things.  And then the meat came.  It started at a slow pace and quickly picked up to where I had like 10 pieces of meat on my plate, but didn't want to pass up the meat guy when he came to the table.  Eventually, I had to turn my thing over so they didn't offer me any more meat.   And it was damn good meat.  I say meat, because I had so many different types, its very hard to remember all of it.We have some friends that are Asian and from Hawaii and they asked about chicken hearts.  Within 10 minutes, the meat guy came to our table with chicken hearts.  (not something I would ever try again)  But how accommodating!  Everyone was really nice and willing to answer any questions!Recommendation: wear stretchy pants- you'll need it.It's been a year since I have been there... I think it might be time to go back!
5	Better than Texas de brasil. Still expensive but it was a ton of food, it just kept coming
4	Services here are wonderful they expalined how everything served. The food was good love all the meats only one thing i had to say is it's bit salty. The resturant is very nice they had a big salad bar with all different things.
5	Amazing! The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable of their menu. They offered a great selection of perfectly cooked meats. Their salad and pasta bar is dangerously delicious... save room for the meats! They have an impressive wine list as well as a delectable choice of desserts. I recommend:- sun dried tomato risotto- salmon with passion fruit sauce (my favorite during the meal)- garlic steakAlso... look at the cool picture of Pele on the bathroom door. ;-)
5	OH....MY....GOSH..... sooooo AWESOME!gal pals Susan and Justin went with me to eat at Via Brazil. We started by ordering a pitcher of PINEAPPLE SANGRIA. The glass was 9 bucks and the pitcher 23.00  didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out which one to order.  It was delicious, so tasty , remarkable white wine and fruit sangria that really went well with what was to come. Since I am a carnivore, and this is a carnivores dream- I have to say it was amazingly good. The salad bar had so many tasty items - I don't suggest filling up on these ... because the main attraction is the meat. and ohhhh the meat was soooo good. They start your meal with these little cheesy rolls .. they are like a hot chewy cheezit. YUM!Then the salad bar... Parade of meat. Our server was completely awesome wish I could remember his name. We had a great time and even a fit of giggles from being so ECCLECTIC! Pricey so this is a once in awhile treat - but have to say it is worth every penny. I would go back just for the sangria... but the meal is so yummy I would HAVE to stick around for that too. Vicious Cycle. I suggest trying it ... eating is believing.
5	Don't be fooled...the Strip is not the only place that has scrumptious food! I've eaten at a place similar to this on the Strip called Pampas Brazilian Grill in Planet Hollywood but Via Brasil is so much better! They have more buffet options here like: Seafood Salad, Mushroom Ravioli, Asparagus Risotto, Tabbouleh just to name a few. They also bring warm side dishes to your table like fried Plantains, fried Yucca root ..(tastes just like a french fry..it tastes like it's good for you too), broccoli, and mashed potatoes. They also bring out their warm rolls that taste like soft warm Cheez It's ..those are addicting! You must keep control of yourself or you will be too full to taste their wide array of meat that they bring to your table. Some of my favorite meats were the sirloin, prime rib and I don't usually say this but the lamb was very tasty! The Pineapple Sangria that I had with the meal just enhanced all the flavors in the food. This was so worth it!
5	Have been coming to Via Brazil for a year now and they haven't disappointed me.  Fridays and Saturdays feature live contemporary jazz during dinner and their Sangria Rojas is a tasty accompaniment to the parade of succulent meats that make their way around the room.  The salad bar/buffet comes with the Rodizio meal(meats and salad bar) or you can just partake of that alone and everything they serve is delicious.  The service is exceptional and I always feel like a princess when I'm there!  They also feature a happy hour mini Rodizio but iff all you want is to hang out at their awesome bar, the brazilian appetizers are great!
4	This place is the best kept secret. I've been in Vegas for 7 years and never knew it existed. Great service along with a nice atmosphere. The meat was good, although I would have liked a little more flavor. The salad bar was the best hands down!!
3	Pretty good off-strip buffet.  We went here on our way to the red rock mountains (not casino).  In sum, it wasn't very crowded for lunch, very attentive service and the meats were very juicy and NOT overly bloody which I was happy about.  The salad bar was stocked with everything from basic caprese salad to a fancy steamed seafood pot.  I liked the cheese rolls and fried plantains as sides.  Plus for broccoli!  LOL. I like my veggies.I am not a connoisseur of meats, but I think I had sirloin, turkey wrapped with bacon, sausage and skirt steak.   I didn't like the garlic beef which wasn't as tender as the test.   It was all tasty and the service was top-notch.  Everyone from the main host guy to the beverage servers were very polite and attentive.   It is a bit pricey if you order drinks and dessert, but my husband is a bbq fanatic and I let him have his day.  Overall, it was a good off-strip find, but make sure you are hungry so you can make the most of the price.
4	I was recently having a conversation with some people about this place. For some reason, we were also talking about Groupons. I said that if a Groupon ever came up for Via Brasil, I'm jumping on it. Lo and behold, a Groupon appears days later. It was a sign.I'm pretty sure Via Brasil takes up the space that was formerly (and quite briefly) a Makino's. It's a nice, large, and elegantly decorated restaurant. As soon as you step inside, you know you're in for a culinary treat.After you're seated, they explain the red/green system - green of course meaning that you're ready for meat! My card stayed green for most of the night. To put it succinctly, Via Brasil serves up some of the most amazing cuts of meat I've ever eaten. Sure there were some items that weren't quite up to par, but most of it was absolutely awesome. To be honest, it's all quite a blur. They just kept coming and coming and coming. And I just kept saying yes yes yes!Surprisingly, I didn't enjoy the bacon-wrapped tenderloin that much. It was the weirdest and most unexpected thing. I actually thought the bacon got in the way of the flavor! On the other end of the spectrum, the last cut I received was some sort of garlic-infused meat. Looking at their web site, I think it is the "Noble Cut of Picanha in Garlic." Wow. I was full by that point, but that didn't stop me from getting a second cut. It was the perfect ending.If I ever go back, I think I know what strategy I would employ. I noticed that the cuts of meat I enjoyed most were light and very much on the rare side. The cuts I didn't enjoy as much tended to be dense, which caused them to be not as tender and way more filling.Oh I should mention the salad bar. You might think one would ignore it. The reality is, you need something on your plate to balance out that meat. It's really much more than just a salad bar and the choices are mostly delicious, but definitely use that only as a complement to the meat. You are here for the meat!One thing I didn't realize is that dessert is not included. I couldn't resist getting some of their Tiramisu. It was pretty good, but not sure it was worth the extra $8. I know it's a silly thing to mention since the Rodizio meal is $43, but it's good to know.OK this is long enough. Way too long. FOUR STARS!
2	The fact that I have experienced another AYCE type brazilian steakhouse the weekend before at Pampas in the Bay Area, unfortunately made me realize that this place was not all that great.  The quality of meat was just OK, and the taste was not too flavorful as I would have imagined it to be. The service though was good.  They were courteous, and quick to serve the meat.  But, it took an hour and a half before any salmon came out.  The skirt steak was too thick, and I like it better a little crispy on the outside.  The ribs were good, but the top sirloin was kind of flavor-less.  The bacon wrapped turkey and bacon wrapped tenderloin was good of course because anything wrapped in bacon is good. LOL.I had to use the typical A1 steak house with a little bit of tabasco to add some flavor and spice.  The salad bar was just OK too.  I enjoyed the portobello mushrooms, and seafood.  But other than that, the salad bar was just OK.  Overall experiences was just OK.  Fancy place, romantic atmosphere, great two person band, but the food did not impress me much.  The cappacino and tiramisu helped to replace the flavorless-ness of the food.  Unfortunately, I cannot really recommend this place.  Sorry.
3	My sister been telling me about this place since its closer to their house.  So my fiance and I finally gave it a try.  We'be had better Brazilian steakhouse, but the service here is great.  Great ambiabce, nice live music, food quality wise, its okay.Overall, I'll give it a try again.
4	Yes it's pricey but it's so worth it! I just came back from the lunch here and I think I paid about $40/person and the tip. I've been to approx 5 different churrascaria restaurants in 3 different cities, but this is by far the best. I love everything here, especially lamb, garlic sirloin, fish (salmon), fried banana, risotto, and caramel flan. This place does train their service stuff well. You may feel that someone is always watching you when you eat, but as soon as you finish eating, drop a fork, or empty the water glass, someone always come right away to accommodate your need. I asked the server if he's got any lamb, and even though there was only 4 of us in the restaurants that time, he went back to the kitchen and prepare one just for us. Managers are also very friendly. Ambience here is sophisticated... subtle Brazilian music, spacious floor plans, contemporary objects, perfect for someone's birthday party or dinner date. I'd love to come back soon, but first I have to digest the food first.
5	The mere suggestion of all you can eat steak in and of itself is a phrase that can ignite the hunger of even almost the most die hard vegan. Too me it's almost the evidence I would need to change my belief and become part of the faithful.The salad bar is excellent. The meats seasoned and cooked perfectly. The deserts look magnificent but sadly I was too full to have one.My father ordered a steak sanwhich which was too much for him and he took half of it home. Most importantly is the food, service, quality to price ratio and again Via hits the mark. I don't have any reason to rate this place lower than five stars so I won't. Top marks. Worth it!
4	OMFG.. this place was a meat-fest!! I find myself not knowing where to start as I did when I sat down to start eating! First off, it is a pretty fancy restaurant. My boyfriend made reservations for his mom's birthday and he told us that we needed to dress "smart casual" which was on the website or something. We were all like.. "wtf is smart casual?". Anyway, it definitely isn't a jeans and t-shirt type of restaurant. The atmosphere is very nice and they have some nice waterfall type thing. It wasn't too busy for a Saturday night but it the live jazz music really set the mood (versus the corny christmas music they played while the two musicians took a break I'm guessing).I started off at the salad bar which isn't only limited to "salad". They had rice pilaf, beans, beef carpaccio, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, ravioli, risotto, and more. Everything was delicious and I was quite excited to try the beef carpaccio since I have never before. Really good and the saltiness of the parmesan cheese made it more palatable, in my opinion. (I love raw fish but always iffy when it comes to raw meat)The waiters come around with their sticks of meat. My favorite was the sirloin.. omg.. it was soooo juicy and delicious. The flank was tough, dry and had no flavor. The prime rib was excellent. I have never tried lamb before and boy, that was goooood. I didn't get the chicken but I did try the bacon wrapped turkey which was ah, okay. Nothing special. But boy, that sirloin was winnahhhs! I'll be dreaming about that for a long time!For dessert we got passion fruit mousse (too rich and sweet for me), creme brule, and flan. I am not a dessert person whatsoever.. so to me.. it was all too rich and sweet. Service is beyond excellent. They are very polite and quick! Always a "your welcome" when saying thank you. We asked one of the guys (manager, I'm guessing -- he was wearing a suit) for the fish since we hadn't seen it yet, and not even one minute later, the salmon came around. The bf's sister asked for the dessert menu and again, the desert cart came around within just a few seconds! Overall, their food is awesome and their service is even more awesome. Since the bf and I are poor college students, we can't afford to eat here too often.. but I'm glad that we decided to take his mom here.. the experience was definitely worth the money!
5	Another case of "food porn".  Wow, spent my anniversary dinner there and what a great memorable experience.  The flank steak is the best but you can do wrong with top sirloin, prime rib, pork ribs, turkey wrapped bacon and more.  Chicken stroganoff was also A+.The servers from the host right down to the dessert tray girl were all very attentive, helpful and made it an overall 5 Star experience.I'll be back when friends come to town!!
5	Still as good as ever.  This place has gotten super popular so make a reservation, especially on the weekends, so you are not disappointed.  Even with a packed restaurant, the service is super efficient and nice.  They still manage to keep the buffet absolutely impeccable, which is so impressive to me.  And as wes k. says in his review, all you can eat beef carpaccio at the buffet.  It's delectable.They did a Groupon a few months back, which may explain the crowds.   If so, they really staffed up to handle the demand, which is great!  And they took our Groupon, no problem.  The Groupon says you have to make a reservation (which we did) and give it to the server at the time of seating (which we didn't do).  The server took it with the bill and processed it efficiently, no problem.Try to pace yourself and save room for desserts. There is a dessert cart that comes around, which is fun.  And the flan and tiramisu are both really good.We have one more Groupon to use that this place and I'm excited!  We will definitely be back!
4	Great for this type of restaurant.  Meats were actually cooked well considering the volume and method of service.  I would say only 2 types of meat came out overcooked.  The bacon wrapped turkey was overly salty.  The restaurant was practically empty, could have been because it was a Thursday? But the buffet was still fresh and the meats still came out as if cooked just for us.  Overall this place fulfills your need for variety without giving up too much in terms of quality.  Atmosphere can use a little work, I know its Vegas but this place is borderline tacky.  Wine recommendation was fabulous.
4	I live literally 30 seconds from this place and have gone here maybe 5 times with my workout buddy.  We were on this Paleo diet where you eat veggies and meat for the most part.  So having a all you can eat salad and meat place is pretty awesome.  Love the food and service at this place.  My only gripe is they don't send over the beef ribs nearly enough.  Pretty sure that's the most expensive thing they have as well as the tastiest.  More beef ribs.  Compared to Texas de Brazil - I'd have to give the edge to de Brazil.  Their meat is seasoned better (so salty it's glorious) and they have slightly more variety.Salad bar at de Brazil is better too - though I love the blue cheese dressing at Via Brasil.  Basically, if you live in the Summerlin area it's not worth the hassle of driving to Town Square.  Might as well support Via Brasil.  Price is about the same and quality is close enough not to wanna drive 20 minutes.  It's good stuff and I always leave satisfied.
5	Loved the Brazillian meat carousel! I think I died and went to heaven when I encountered the "salad bar"!! Grilled Portabello mushrooms, Roasted red bell peppers and sooooo so much more flavorful little scrumptious melt in my mouth items! I especially loved the rack of lamb. The meat was so tender and juicy and had the right amount of savory golden crisp glaze  on the outside! The staff was amazingly friendly and sweet. We will definitely return for an encore!Yum Yum Yummy Yum Fricken YUM!
3	It's sad but I have to knock off a couple of stars for Via Brasil.  First, they would not take my groupon, claiming that the Sunday before Valentine's Day was a holiday.  If they are going to have liberal interpretations of holidays, they need to put the exact dates on the groupon.  It's not like the groupon lasts forever, like restaurant.com certificates do.  Just figure out the dates for the period that the groupon is valid and put them on there.  Voila, problem solved.  In addition, they had the server give us the bad news.  The manager needs to step up and deal with those things, not leave it to the poor server.  I contacted Groupon and, fortunately, they gave me my money back.  Groupon is so nice about stuff like that.Second, the service this time was slow and strange.  It took a while for our server to notice that we were out of drinks.  Meanwhile, the same guy kept coming by over and over and over again with lamb chops even though we had refused over and over and over again.  He was seriously acting like a zombie.  A zombie with lamb chops on a very sharp metal stick.Third, at the end of this month they are adding an all-you-can-eat pasta option for $22.95.  I think this automatically makes this place less classy.  It also shows me that they are getting a little greedy because the food cost for pasta is so low.  It's going to be like a pricey Olive Garden with people running around with sharp metal sticks with meat on them.  Plus, if the servers can't handle drinks consistently, I'm not sure they can handle AYCE pasta.  Unless the pasta comes on sticks.  :) On the positive side, the salmon, which is served from a cart, was excellent.  Nicely cooked with a tasty mango sauce.  The man serving the salmon was really enthusiastic and nice.  He even remembered when he came back a second time that we had already had the salmon and appropriately asked if we'd like some more.  Also, the woman operating the dessert cart was super nice and helpful.I'm bummed that I had a mediocre experience after so many good ones.  Via Brasil, I think we need some time apart to work things out.  Hopefully time heals all wounds.
5	Awesome food and customer service. The Lobster Bisque was awesome in the Salad Bar. The salad bar is great and fresh! The meat was flavorful and tender. The waiters were very warm and helpful. We went there for lunch and it was 35 bucks without drinks and desserts. But I think it was completely worth it. They served almost all kinds of steak, leg of lamb, turkey, chicken drumstick. It came with free sides including fried banana (which tasted awesome with steaks and other meat), beans, rice, steamed broccoli, mashed potato and lot of others which i dont even remember. It was a great experience and I can't wait to go back!
5	Awesome food, terrific service, super manager, fair price = 5 stars!Have always wanted to try Via Brasil Steakhouse, since it is so close to home, and with the Groupon promotion it was a no brainer.Their self-serve salad bar is excellent.  The variety of food and the taste was outstanding, even though it is not the main reason for visiting Via Brasil, it was a nice treat and helps break up the all-meat-fest.I enjoyed almost all the BBQ meats that was served by the waiter. But I really like the sausage, the lamb, chicken hearts (not on the menu, but you can ask for it, as it is one of the things served in this kind of restaurant in Brazil). I didn't care for the baked salmon, even though the passion fruit sauce that was served with it was good).  But you should definitely pace yourself and try everything and find out what you like and ask for more if you still have room in your tummy.The servers were all very friendly as they make their round with whatever they bring out from the kitchen and identifying what it is so you don't have to guess. If you have room for dessert after your meal, they have a dessert cart to help visually entice you for some after meal sweets.  I tried their Coconut Flan, and thought it was good.  I liked the creamy richness and the coconut flavor.As a nice restaurant in Summerlin, they probably should have more customers, but when I went they weren't too busy.  So making a same day reservation just hours ahead was not an issue for me.  I spoke to the manager and he told me they were getting more business with the Groupon promotion (and they just recently ran another Groupon offer) so the strategy is working.Anyway, because of the awesome service from the waiter to the manger, and the good food I will definitely be back.  And having more Groupon to use will keep my tummy and wallet on my future visits. Decor: 5/5  The self-serve salad bar was nicely decorated and kept clean.  The restaurant was sophisticatedly (is that a word?) decorated.Food: 4/5  Overall I am very pleased with it.  Service:  5/5  Servers were friendly.  The manager that made the rounds and speaking to the guests was genuinely friendly.Location:  Great for locals living in the SW, but will be too far of a trip if coming from the Strip via a cab.Price: 4/5  Definitely take advantage of Groupon or other offers when available.Ambiance: 5/5  Very classy and upscale, yet very relaxing as well.
5	So damn good! Better than any buffet we ever had! It's about 15 min drive from Vegas but trust me, it's worth the drive!Pretty much everything here is good. My favs were the turkey wrapped in bacon and the filet wrapped in bacon. There's 16 different things that they bring around. I got to try 14 out of the 16. Didn't get a chance to taste the chicken breast and the salmon. But trust me, our stomachs weren't missing the last 2 items. It was pretty much at max capacity about 15 minutes BEFORE we stopped eating!You also have access to a salad bar that includes items with shrimp and lobster bisque. The lobster bisque was a bit watery to my liking, but I can't complain since it's free! At the beginning of your meal, you also get bread cheese balls (YUM!) and brocolli and mashed potatoes. I would recommend eating only 1 cheeseball and skipping the veggies. You will thank me for it later when your stomach is maxed out and you've only tried 10 of the 16 meats :)Did I mention that they have IMPECABBLE service? Everyone from the sommelier, the water boy, the waiters, and the roving meat holders were incredibly attentive and accomodating. And it's not like we were high rollers either. We were your regular run of the mill folks. But they treated us just like we were VIPs.We will be making a visit out here on every single Vegas trip!!!
5	Top serloin booyah..some of the dbest meat i have had in a long time
4	The boyfriend and I ate here for Easter, since I had given up red meat and was dying for a fix. Of course, we had to go rodizio-style, and I wanted to at least experience the dinner offerings.  So, we ended up getting a 2:15pm reservation for this place.  DEFINITELY worth the wait, since we got to choose from the full 16 types of meat (instead of 6).  Yes, the price was $36/person, but it was worth every penny.Even though they gave us some broccoli, fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and cheese bread, I barely ate any of thee carbs, since I had to save room for the MEAT.I did make sure to save room for the salad bar, since it included salmon with a passion fruit sauce, salad, peppers, portobello mushrooms, marinated mushrooms, caprese salad, meats/cheeses, beef carpaccio, chicken salad, seafood salad, etc.  I ate just a few small selections from the salad bar, since I was all about the meat.OMG.  I was in heaven.  I tried anything and everything that was steak.  The Picahna (Top Sirloin) and Garlic Picahna were to die for.  So juicy and delicious.  They even had a different type of garlic steak, which was also good.  I also tried the Prime Rib, Lamb, and Flank Steak, but I mostly filled up on the Picahna and Garlic Picahna.  I'll admit, though, that the Flank Steak and Prime Rib were delicious, but my only objective was to eat Picahna. They also had garlic bread that was almost immediately snatched up after the server came out from the kitchen.  It tasted like it was garlic sourdough bread.  Whatever it was, delicious.I didn't really want to bother eating the Pineapple and Ham, Ribs, Pork, Chicken, or Sausage, so I really can't comment on those.  By the time that the Salmon was brought out, I was just too stuffed.  Next time.  I also saved some room for dessert, since I saw a couple of ladies pushing around a dessert cart (even though it was a little extra, it was worth it).  It was all over for me once I saw that they had tiramisu (among other things)...I just felt like they were taunting me with their dessert selection, since it seemed that they were pushing the cart around in front of me while I was enjoying my meat.  I did, however, have the tiramisu, and it was worth the wait/saved space.The wait staff was great, although we did quite a bit of waiting before they refilled my water and before they brought out the check.  They did come by quite a few times to ask if we wanted more wine, though.  I'll admit that when they came around, the staff was quite attentive.We also received a $20 gift card to be used toward dinner.  I would've probably given them 5 stars, except for the few gripes that I had about the service.I can't wait to come back.
3	Good place to take someone that can eat a ridiculous amount of food. The waiters hovered which was kind of annoying. Sangria was ok. They really pushed it and was a bit over priced. Otherwise the meats were good. Some kind of bland. Salad bar was nice but don't bother eating too much over there and wait for all those meats. Earlier the better. It gets a tad crazy there and you have to wait for the good stuff. You can request something on the list but dont hold your breath. They never did get back to us once it started getting busier so we just paid and left. Was an experience but just ok. Lamb chops were my favorite.
4	I love this place, so much better than Texas de Brazil. The service was great and they serve this great tasting salmon table side. I'm not a big fan of fish, especially Salmon but whatever they did, it was awesome and so was the sauce. I especially like how the meats were not overly seasoned so you can actually enjoy the flavor of the meat accompanied with the variety of spices. I've gone to Texas de Brazil three times and each time their meat was overly seasoned. The service was great and I love the atmosphere.
5	Wow!  What a great meal! The waiter comes to your table with a bread basket with several doughnut hole shaped buns.  They are Brazilian cheese buns dusted with parmesan cheese.  There were excellent!I started with the salad bar and took items sparingly.  I tried the cold, sliced portabello muchrooms, one tomato caprese, asparagus risotto, two small artichoke heart halves, and two large shrimps and a piece of fish from their hot seafood mixture.  This was the extent of my salad bar foray as I didn't want to fill up on salad.  It would be a great dinner in itself.I turned the coaster to the green side meaning bring on the meat.  Before they started that, a waiter brought three dishes to the table - one with 3 fried plantains, another with mashed potatoes, and a third with green beans with garlic.  These were my vegetables to go with my meat.  A lot of food to accompany a lot of food.I didn't try all the meats as I was filling up before they had a chance to bring everything to my table.  I liked the small sausage, the first meat I tasted and it was excellent.  Beautiful seasoning.  Then I had two thin slices of rare prime rib which was excellent also.  I had both the chicken breast wrapped in bacon and the tenderloin wrapped in bacon.  Both were very good.  The seasonings were perfect.  I am a salt user extraordinaire, but I salted nothing except the mashed potatoes and green beans.  I had the garlic picanha (top sirloin) and it was superb!!  I also had one slice of beef rib which is sliced from a rack of rib (large--not baby back) and served on a separate small plate. Since there were only two tables occupied in the restaurant, there weren't several guys walking around distributing meat like rodizio restaurants.  Two guys were tasked with the serving.  I didn't get the pork loin and I forgot Tony's mentioning of chicken hearts--damn, damn, damn.  Well, something to look forward to next time.After all this, I did hold back so I could try some dessert.  I had a slice of peanut butter, chocolate chip cheesecake.  Oh yeah--great!Service was impecable.  My iced tea was refilled often, staff was always around to answer questions or see if you needed something.  I was greeted at the door by a delightful young lady and she also bid me a kind, smiling farewell!The place is very nicely done.  I love the wine rack that goes almost to the ceiling.  I could see the super ladder inside to extend and reach the highest shelves.This is a great deal with a Groupon.  The Groupon was $21.  The regular price for the rodizio is $42.95.  I'm not sure I'd be back for the full price, but the Groupon certainly makes it a great deal.  Come on Groupon--let's get anohter Via Brasil.  And you know, I'll probably go back and pay the full price if one of my friends from out of town who loves rodizio comes to Las Vegas.  We'll go together!
4	**Summary**       - They bring by skewers of meat and cut it right in front of you.       - All the meats we had, with the exception of the lamb were perfectly cooked.       - The top four you must try, in order of deliciousness is Beef Ribs, Top Sirloin, Prime Rib, and the Grilled Salmon with Orange Creme Sauce.       - The garlic steak and flank steak were good, but a little bland comparatively       - The pork tenderloin with Parmesan cheese is another thing that you should try.       - Ones to avoid taking up unnecessary room in your tummy for the good stuff would be the Chicken Drumstick, Leg of Lamb, Beef Tenderloin wrapped in Bacon, Turkey wrapped in Bacon.       - Decor/Mood - Classy and expensive**Price**       - $42.95 for Rodizio Dinner**Ordered**       - Salad Bar              - Cheese Ravioli in Mushroom sauce - I usually don't like ravioli, but this was perfectly creamy and velvety              - Seafood Mix - All the seafood you'll find in paella without the rice/chicken/sausage              - Beef Carpaccio - Brio's is better              - Salad - I'm allergic to chloroplast so I didn't really try it       - Sides              - Mashed potatoes - Seasoned and salted perfectly.              - Cheese rolls - Who doesn't like cheddar biscuits.              - Broccoli              - Fried plantains - Best plantains I've ever had. Large, not too sweet, lightly crisp and not soggy.              - French Fries/Onion Rings/Asparagus by request only.       - Beef Ribs - So meaty, they cut you a piece off the bone. It's perfectly seasoned and is the only meat I had thirds of. It has just enough fat to melt in your mouth.        - Top Sirloin - My second favorite meat. However, the edge slices do tend to be a little salty. The inside slices are just right.       - Prime Rib - Very moist. One of the juiciest pieces of meat I've ever had. No homo.       - Grilled Salmon with Orange Creme Sauce - I usually hate cooked salmon, but the orange creme sauce was delicious. It must of been made with fresh oranges because it tasted like freshly squeezed orange juice, but as a creme.       - Flank Steak - Juicy, but a little bland next to the other meats.        - Garlic Steak - Same as the flank, but with a garlic flavor.       - Pork Tenderloin with Parmesan cheese - Thin layer of fried cheese around a normally bland meat. It was definitely something I didn't mind trying.        - Sausage       - Beef Tenderloin and Turkey, both wrapped in Bacon - Mostly just tasted like bacon.       - Leg of Lamb - A little dry, but it could of just been the piece I got.       - Chicken drumstick**Recommendations**       - I would definitely recommend this place for a nice evening out or a special occasion. The price is a bit steep, but you're paying for food and an experience.
5	I love me some churrascaria. I would like to take a brief break from this review to let you know how much, to the tune of "I Gotta Feelin'":Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday (Do it!) Friday, Saturday, Saturday to Sunday, (Do it!) Get, get, get, get, get with us you know what we say, say Churrascaria every day, churrascaria every day.Now that I've gotten that out of my system, let's get to the food. I went to this place with my cousin, Paolo D. and we yelped while we were eating. How cool are we? As a result, I have a pretty sweet record of what we ate and how much I liked it. So let's get it started (another BEP reference in 1 review. Score!)Non-meat items that I thoroughly enjoyed:- Asparagus risotto - rich, creamy, just wish it spread on the plate more- Fried bananas were delicious and subtle in their sweetness- Cheese rolls tasted great when they first came out. - Caesar salad was really good just add garlic oregano dressing. I love salad.On to the main course (aka, things that I love):- Chicken drumsticks were the first thing I had, really flavorful and I highly recommend them.- The Seafood in the salad bar was in desperate need of salt. Good thing they have the salt and pepper shaker handy.- Skirt steak was surprisingly amazing and tender- Garlic steak was not tender but really flavorful- Beef Ribs were delightfully fatty and tender- Parmesan pork was dry but had a nice crust- Service was very attentiveSo this is where I get annoying and nit-picky (not to worry, this is still a 5-star review):- The "Brazilian Mashed potatoes" were really fluffy. Almost too fluffly. They tasted instant to me, although I am sure they are not. Is it possible that you can make something so well that it gives the impression that it comes out of a box? Possibly.- I wish they had fruit or something sweet to break up the heaviness of everything. And no, I am not going to pay for dessert after stuffing my face with 20 kinds of meat.- Salmon was okay but the passion fruit vinaigrette really brought a nice break to the meal- Bacon wrapped turkey was mehOverall, I think you should go here.
4	GREAT FOOD!!! Not so good for a person that doesn't eat much. The atmosphere is great especially for dinner. They had a live band and the waiters were attentive, polite, and were friendly. This was my first time eating at a Brazilian steakhouse, so i wanted to try every selection of meat and i was in for a treat!! They come by with the meat on the skewers and cut it right in front of you. :) I loved the beef ribs, it was cooked perfectly, so much flavor with every bite. The garlic steak was also another one i liked. There's also a salad bar. It was clean and FRESH. A good variety to chose from. The cold pasta was so delicious, i wished i can take some home with me! haha. If you can handle the dessert after dinner, go for it! From what i remembered, there were cheese cake, flan, pudding. I had their chocolate cheese cake and peanut butter and chocolate cheese cake. So GOOOOOD!!! It's pricey, but worth it!!!
3	I went here on my trip to Vegas.  Me and my group of friends were really craving Brazilian BBQ -- similar to Fogo de Chao (all-you-can-eat Brazilian BBQ).Here's my honest opinion:The salad bar: 4.5 starsThe sides (bread/plantains/mashed potatoes): 4 starsThe beef/meat: 3.5 starsI was left a bit disappointed with the meat.  Most of the meats too tough for my liking. Add that with the slow service -- I was left waiting for more options with a green card flipped over.  As a result of the waiting, me and my friends ended up eating the sides (and bread) and filled ourselves up.  I was used to a Brazilian BBQ  like Fogo de Chao, where you get plenty of people serving you meat almost immediately when you flip your card over to green.  Therefore, I was left a bit unimpressed.
5	The price is pretty expensive at over $50 per person after tip, but let me tell you it is worth it.  The first time I came here I had price shock, but the subsequent times I have visited, I tell myself that it is well worth it.If I could describe this place in two words it would be: MEAT EXPLOSION!Yes, the meat here is excellent.  My favorites here are:-Flank Steak-Skirt Steak-Bacon Wrapped Tenderloin-Beef Ribs-Prime RibThere are lots more but those are my top favorite ones.Do not be afraid to tell them what you like when you sit down.  The service is exceptional and they cater to your needs immediately and professionally.  I let them know right off the bat that I am there for the Flank and Skirt Steak.The Salad bar is good, I love their roasted peppers, rice/black beans and ravioli. The standard side dishes for the "rodizio" are: Brocolli, GARLIC KNOTS (YUM), Fried Bananas, Mashed Potatoes and good "sauces" to put on the plethora of meat you will be consuming in MASS QUANTITIES.I love it here. It is pricey, yes. But it is worth it. Every Penny.
5	Delicious!  My husband I just celebrated our anniversary by having dinner here.  Great food and fantastic service.  The price is on the higher end, but totally worth it!  ENJOY!
2	I ate a sampling of their food at the Taste of Las Vegas Food Festival and was very disappointed.  The flavors were lacking, meat was tough and all around seemed to be of poor quality.  I'm not sure if this was just because of the venue however I would think they would want to make a great impression at the festival to drive more busiess to the regular restaurant.
5	Food is cooked perfect, service is fast and courtious, very clean and classy, great dining experience
4	I'm sure everyone wants to compare this place to Texas de Brazil so here it is....If you like you're meat rare, VIAIf you're really into the awesome salad bar, TexasIf you love lambchops, Texas, VIA does NOT have lambchops...be forewarned If you don't want to wait at least 15-30 min every-time you go, VIAIts a tough choice but if i HAD to chose one, I'd have to go with Texas, a few more selections at the salad bar and Lamb chops trumps all for me
3	Well, it's not spectacular, but it isn't bad either.  I will say that the staff is very gracious and attentive.  Their salmon with mango passion fruit puree sauce is amazing. However, the salad bar leaves a lot to be desired.  They also don't have very many choices of beef cuts.  Being that it's steakhouse, I was expecting more than what was offered. So basically, the menu is quite limited in my opinion.  I honestly don't see myself going back on my own dime - it's too pricey of a place to casually waltz in just to satisfy a craving.Overall, I remain team Texas de Brazil.
5	Impeccable, attentive service is always a big plus, but it really just comes down to the food in the end, right? Well, Via Brazil does not disappoint. I probably don't have the stomach capacity for this place, but even though I had to skip a few of the selections, I cannot complain. Even the salad bar items were top notch and had more than just the typical carb fillers. I took small portions of mozzarella, mushrooms and roasted peppers as my sides and sampled a couple of the "hot" items like asparagus risotto and coconut chicken (both excellent).I tried most of the meats, bowing out at times because the service was almost too fast! I could barely keep up, having to temporarily flip my coaster to "red" to avoid plate overload. Everything I tried was tender, flavorful and served up hot and fresh from the skewer. Definitely bring your appetite and a lot of cash- this restaurant is not cheap. Bill for two, with tip, easily topped $100 AFTER the $50 Groupon certificate. Worth every dime. I wish I could have crammed down more than two bites of flan and a small Cappuccino for dessert. Atmosphere was chic and ambient and I cannot say a single negative thing about any of the staff. Nothing was "over the top", but it is definitely a nice place for an excellent meal.I have not tried any of the other Brazilian steakhouses in town, but I've been to a few on the East Coast- Via Brazil tops them all so far. Be sure to try a Passion fruit caipirinha- dang, that's a good drink. I only needed one, I assure you.
2	Pass on this place, go to Texas de Brazil - 1000x's better.
5	Amazing!  Be prepare to eat. The host was great he explain how the dinning experience works.  Staff will come around with different type of meat and you can select what you want. Expensive but worth it.
4	Bring your appetite!I got a coupon from Groupon so I took my son for two of their all you can eat dinners. I'm sure they have more dining options but I can't speak to them. The decor is classy but not stuffy. Overall I'd say its comfortable with a touch of elegance.We were seated, given a quick once over on the way to dine (the stop/go button), the salad bar, the free sides, etc. From there we grabbed plates and dove into the salad bar. This isn't the usual buffet salad bar, not by a long shot. The quality of everything there stood out. I highly recommend loading up a separate plate with their grilled portobello mushrooms. These go so well with the meats to come that you'll want to have a plate there as a side.Back at the table, the meat on a skweres started to arrive. They had salmon, beef ribs, top sirloin, skirt steak, lamb and I'm sure I'm missing one other. Different parts of each skewer were cooked to different temperatures so if you preferred medium rare and someone else at the table likes medium well, they can accomodate this without a problem. All of the meats were excellend but for me the best by far is the skirt steak. Be sure to save room feel free to request it, they go out of their way to be accomodating.The only minor criticism is that my son felt the meats were a bit on the salty side. I didn't notice this but he's always been more sensitive than I to salt. Overall, highly recommended. At $45 it may be a bit pricy but if your a dedicated carnivor with a good appetite, you'll be glad you went.
4	This place was a great date night place. The staff was all very attentive and really catered to your needs. Right when you walk in, you feel this expensive atmosphere. The deal is like this, for one person it's about $43.00, so for me and my husband was about $86 for all the meat that we can fit in our belly. We decided to order some drinks - I had a Passion Fruit Brazilian drink and my hubby a Remy Martin on the rocks. Those alone were $36 so if you don't want to get a hefty bill, order water! Definitely recommend it to any of my friends
5	Do you love meat? If you answered yes you MUST eat here. If you answered no we can't be friends. This place is so spectacular. Delicious meat, wonderful salad bar, and the service is seriously the best I have ever received anywhere. Salad bar isn't your typical "salad bar". It had asparagus risotto for crying out loud! Delicious!! Great wine selections too! The meat of course was varied in selection, perfectly seasoned, dripping with juices, tender as all hell, and some of it is wrapped in bacon. The service is perfect. I almost feel like they had too many people there to cater to my every whim. For about $50/person it's not "cheap", so go when you're hungry. When you leave you won't regret a single dollar you spent there.
5	This place is phenominal !! Be forewarned it is not cheap. The Rodizio buffet is like 44 bucks BUT it is an experience unlike any other. First and foremost the place is casual...saw people in t shirts and flip flops on a Friday nite. :) The "salad/appetizer" bar is a meal in itself and the place to start off. Be careful NOT to overeat at the salad bar because it is easy to do with the 25-30 items !! When you are ready to begin the main course, you simply turn over a coaster to "green" and the servers with skewers of 15 plus meats come by and you can say yes or no. When you want to be left alone, turn your coaster to "red" and they won't bug you. Look at staying around 2 hours and pace yourself !! Excellent choice for special occasions..
5	Really really good love the salad bar the best ever they have everything you would ever want love this place!
5	Excellent service, great food, beautiful restaurant. The waitstaff were incredibly friendly and professional. I felt like a queen. All the meat were soo good, I could not find anything to complain.  The fried bananas were so yummy and the flan dessert was to die for.  Definitely worth every penny!
5	First, I like this place better than Texas de Brazil.  Via Brasil has amazing service and warm hospitality.  I have always felt that the energy is very frenzied at Texas de Brazil--they are always very crowded and interested in turning over tables. Via Brasil never stopped trying to feed us and constantly made sure our experience was positive.  They pay attention to fine details.  For example, they periodically bring you a clean plate to start over with when you have meat scraps littering your plate.  The meat quality is excellent and the servers always tell you that if you aren't ready for a meat they have, they will be sure to bring it back around later.  Additionally, one person at my table wanted one last piece of filet at the end, and they fired up a fresh skewer of them, just for him.We went without a reservation, which was refreshing.GO to this place!  You won't regret it!
5	My husband made a reservation for the family on Friday night for 7:30.  We had a groupon and wanted to use it, so that was the biggest incentive, plus payday meant I had money to spend.  The long week at work also meant I was ready to relax and eat good food.Walked in and our table was ready.  The service was amazing!  Since it was our first time, we had to learn a little about the process.  Everyone was very attentive to us all.  We got clean plates every so often, and water was refilled before it ran out.The food was delicious.  My 3 year old could not get enough.  The salad bar had risotto, salad, seafood, mushrooms, rice, and other inviting items.  There were also side dishes you could order.  We got fries for the kids, and asparagus and collard greens for hubby and I.  Then came the meat!  When I turned my card over to green, the servings came nonstop!  There was skirt steak, top sirloin, pork rib, beef rib, prime rib, bacon wrapped turkey, bacon wrapped beef tenderloin, pork tenderloin, chicken legs, frog legs, my  favorite corn, and I don't remember what else.  By the end of dinner, my 3 year old kept asking for more steak!  They brought some out just for him.  For dessert, we had the creme brulee.  It was a huge portion that all of us could share.  It was nice and creamy, not to sweet and was a nice finish to a fantastic dinner.For all four of us, our bill with the groupon came out to 73 and change.  I tipped 20.  The pricing is great especially since the kids are free.  I definitely think it is worth the money.  If you want to go to Via Brasil, but are on the fence or think that it is a lot to spend, I would say GO GO GO.
2	Nothing ultra bad about this Brazilian steakhouse...just nothing great when compared to other Brazilian Steakhouses in town.  A strong 2 stars or week 3 stars for me.
4	Mmm, mmm drool inducing good.  There seems to be a trend of Brazilian Churrascarias popping up everywhere, however Via Brazil is in the top percentiles for food quality, service quality, selection, and atmosphere.  The staff is consistently great and the food is super yum. Much better date atmosphere than Texas de Brazil with a peaceful, spa-like quality.  They even have a waterfall/waterwall thing.  With the tranquil, relaxing surroundings I find myself able to relax and slip into great conversation here.Come with your appetite revved up because the quantity of food is a little overwhelming.  If you've never been to a Brazilian Churrascaria, they issue every guest a paper disc that works just like a traffic light with one side green and the other red.  When you have the green side facing up this signals the gauchos (meat servers) to keep that yummy meat coming!  Don't stop, get it get it!!  If you wanna take a break or have ate all you wish, then flip the red side up.  This will tell them to skip by your table.All of these types of places have their signature cut, call the Picanha (pee-kahn-ya), which is typically the best cut they offer.  It gets even better here as they offer a potently flavorful Garlic Picanha!  They will even cook to order (juicy perfection) if you prefer your meat a little more rare like I do.  Their lamb is excellent, and I am quite selective when it comes to lamb.  They have an excellent Prime Rib.  Of course anything that comes wrapped in bacon is certain to deliver: Bacon Wrapped Tenderloin.  From the salad bar don't miss the Beef Carpaccio or the Mushroom Risotto.
4	I've been to a few Brazilian steakhouses now this place has the best meat in Vegas.  The salmon was cooked very well and it was a nice surprise to see it on the menu.  They also had some chicken hearts that were great.  The lamb was juicy tender and cooked to medium rare just how I like it thinking about that that is how all the meat is perfect in my mind much more flavorful than texas de brazil.  The only drawback about via Brasilia is the salad bar it is pretty small and just not as much stuff as I expected.  Service was great except for an overbearing host.
3	If you've never been to a churrascaria or Brazilian steakhouse, your first experience will likely be 5 stars simply from the wow factor of unlimited sumptuous meat being carved table-side and the opulence of a lavish salad bar that could serve as a meal in itself.  Pretty much everything I say onward will likely be inconsequential.  However, if you've been around the block a time or two as I have and want the tale of the tape between two local heavyweights (Texas de Brazil(TDB) vs. Via Brasil(VB)) going at it for twelve rounds, let's get it on!Round 1 (Ambience) This may come down to personal preference since there is definitely an upscale vibe with soothing waterfalls and romantic lighting upon entering VB, but not sure if I liked the feng shui of the salad bar in the middle without any partitioning of the tables into separate little rooms for added intimacy.  TDB definitely has a more upbeat vibe with a casual bar area where you can await guests and separate little rooms although definitely more crowded and noisy since it is more bustling with turnover of guests.   Winner: PushRound 2 (Cheese bread)If you took the most perfect cheese puff and turned it into bread form, this is pretty much the pinnacle of that transformation.  TDB has a slightly cheesier flavor, which gives it a slight edge.  Winner: TDBRound 3 (Salad bar)For first-timers (or as I like to call them, churrascarookies), you never want to overfill your plate on the salad bar, as tempting as it may be.  However, it's good to wet one's appetite on some items to balance the meat fest to come.  I felt the overall quality was superior in the salad bar at TDB since they offered lobster bisque and focused more on artisanal cheeses and light seafood/veggies options, whereas at VB, there was one too many pasta options like cheese ravioli and other pasta salads, which are like underhanded tactics to fill you up to limit your meat intake.  Winner: TDBRound 4 (Beverages)VB took a knockdown in this round since the waiter sat us down and presented us with options for water(still or sparkling?) and upon choosing still, he charged us for two bottles of some premium water at 7 bucks/bottle without clueing us in about the option for tap water since we assumed it was complementary.  They also failed to carry Antarctica Guarana, the most popular soda in Brazil and something I look forward to anytime I venture into a Brazilian restaurant.  TDB would never allow the water fiasco to occur and always carry my non-alcoholic beverage of choice.   Winner: TDBRound 5 (Opening meats)Surprisingly, VB opens with a baked salmon served with passion fruit/mango sauce....not what I expected but really good, and the table-side presentation was a nice touch.  Usually at TDB, they start you off with some non-premium beef wrapped in thick bacon or some heavy pork/chicken option.  Winner: VBRound 6 (Lamb)Leg of lamb was sufficiently juicy and came with a nice mint jelly, but TDB offers multiple cuts including the lamb chop, which was unavailable at VB.  Winner: TDBRound 7 (Fowl)VB definitely had some interesting options including chicken, duck, and chicken hearts (upon request), whereas TDB only has a single dry chicken option which I tend to pass over to allow more room for other meat options.  The chicken and duck were very succulent and tender, and well seasoned here.  Winner: VBRound 8 (Brazilian sausage)Like the cheese bread, fairly standard and not being a huge sausage connoisseur, I'm not the best judge on this one.  Winner: Push Round 9 (Side dishes)Taking an intermission from the meats, I think VB offers some additional Brazilian sides like fried/boiled yucca root and sauteed turnip greens which have a more stir-fried crispy preparation compared to the stewed version in soul-food.  Traditional favorites such as fried bananas and mashed potatoes are present at both.  Winner: VBRound 10 (Beef)Maybe it was the pace of the meats brought to our table, but I felt that the overall quality of the beef cuts were superior at TDB since there were a few cuts that were overly dry and tough at VB although certain cuts were very tender/flavorful.  WInner: TDBRound 11 (Service)Waitstaff definitely more attentive at TDB and the pace of the meat parade was more even, so I didn't feel like I had to overcrowd my plate and lose track of which meat was which.  The TDB meat carvers also wear a uniform that gives them some more professional flare, which I appreciated.  WInner: TDBRound 12 (Value)Somewhat tied into service, the server initially took our groupon voucher at the beginning but conveniently left it off in our final bill until we reminded him.  Taking account the variety/quality of meats/salad bar, would have to give slight edge to TDB.    Winner: TDBBy decision,winner of this fight goes to Texas de Brazil,but don't count out Via Brasil in a rematch.  A new fierce challenger has recently arrived into town(Fogo de Chao), so a TKO may be in our midst!
5	Fine dining at it's best.  I just got back from an excellent meal from Via Brasil in summerlin.  I found myself comparing this place to Texas de Brazil in Town Square all night long.  And here is my verdict....The salad bar at Texas de Brazil is better, fresher, tastier.  However, the meats at Via Brasil are superior to Texas.  The meats are not as fatty and just taste better.  My favorites were the prime rib, top sirloin and beef ribs.  Both atmospheres are very nice, clean, and beautiful.  Another observation I made was that the staff at Via (the waiters, the guys that cut the meat, the managers, hostess) were much more professional, courteous and all around nicer than the staff at Texas.  I really liked this place.  I went on a groupon so I ended up paying $50 for 2 people.
5	BEST of VEGAS!!!This place seriously needs to be put front and center in a major casino on the strip.Made reservations for a large family event at this fine establishment and they provided food, service and quality far above what was expected. Ben Jardino (hope thats correct) was a truely great host. Made us all feel at home. The food was an absolute pefect meal. Every kind of meat imaginable was provided with our menu selection and it kept on coming.They cleaniness and overall decor was imaculate also. This place is a true winner and I will send everyone I know heading to Vegas to now eat here.
4	Great service and food! We had a groupon and this did not affect our service which I have found at times can! overall great experience!
4	Vegetarian's should just keep on walking !! Ive been there a number of times now and they have never disappointed.  The quality, flavor and large selection of items is second to none. This is a great place to go after a good workout!!! Just dont weight yourself after your done!  Friendly quick service , how can you beat ?
3	You had better like meat to truly enjoy Via Brasil.  The atmosphere is lovely and the staff is quite attentive (more on this later).  If you are not familar with the concept these brazilian steakhouses are an all you eat motif with a salad bar and then meats on long skewers are brought to the table and you can have as much of them as you desire.Most of the meats were hot (not all) and flavorful.  There was prime rib, steak, chicken, sausage and some I am probably forgetting.  They also include in the price all of the side dishes you want, served in a family style fashion, meaning enough for the whole table.  The sides were OK but not that special.I actually found while the salad bar had many choices along with soup that making an old fashion salad was not an option.  But if the salad bar is your thing you are going here for the wrong reason and paying way too much.We were celebrating a 60 year anniversary for my girlfriend's parent and they made us feel special and catered to the 80 year olds well.My biggest complaint and one which really lasted with me was that the servers and our waiter while seeming polite were actually rude when it came to interrupting on-going conversations at the table.  None of the servers or the waiters seemed even remotely aware that when they come to the table with questions or food to say "excuse me" or wait until they were noticed and instead they proceeded to talk at us with no regard to what was going on at the table.  In some ways I am betting they see this as being attentive but if the same thing happened any other place it would have been classified as what it was, rude.In my opinion and this is what Yelp is all about, the staff was poorly trained in this one area.  They were otherwise quite gracious.One last issue and while it was only $7, we had purchased a restaurant.com certificate for $3 which was to cover the first $25 of the bill.  They informed us they were no longer accepting the certificates and offered us a $15 discount. How you can decide to cancel an offer we already paid for is beyond me and they tried to appease us but ended up cheating us out of a few dollars, just not cool.For those who love beef and who can afford over $40 for dinner this place is still a great experience and be aware as others have written that unless you want to pay dearly for water be specific and ask for tap water.
5	100% the best food in Vegas yum
3	Disclaimer:  we were here for a seminar, so we didn't pay for the meal.  But we still got pretty much the full, regular treatment.The restaurant is really beautiful, and there is a long, but very narrow, outdoor patio.  Of course it was too cold to be eating outside, but I wonder how this would work with the Brazilian rodizio concept.  I imagine it would be more trouble than its worth.We really liked the salad bar, with its huge assortment of items, most of them pretty tasty, and I tried very hard not to pig out.  But with such a vast assortment, even a minuscule tasting of everything adds up to a substantial portion.The meats, though, left a lot to be desired.  The first one served to us was the turkey (or was it chicken?) wrapped in bacon.  It was so salty that I couldn't eat it, and it wasn't just the bacon;  I took that off, but the salt permeated all through the meat.  The rest of the meats were mostly tough, oversalted, and lacking any flavor, except for the beef ribs, which were really good.Service was difficult; it was hard to get a waiter's attention, but this could be attributed to the group set-up.  I wouldn't downgrade the restaurant because of this, since it may not be totally valid.This wasn't the first Brazilian rodizio restaurant we've been to, so we have others to compare it to.  It's fine for the money, and we'll likely come back.  But first we'll try some of the competition in town, which seems to be growing weekly!
4	There's already a ton of reviews on here so I will just hit some highlights.  If you want a meat dinner, this is a good choice.  Yes they have a salad bar with a lot of nice items but vegetarians will never get full value out of this place.  With that said, I have been to other Brazilian places in town and this is probably the best.  It looks nice inside and the food quality is quite high.  The price, while "high" in a general sense, is pretty competitive within the Brazilian market.So why not five stars?  To be sure my last visit was quite recent and quite good.  But, in the past, I have experienced some of the knocks others have noted.  Specifically, waiters that seem to walk right by my table while I sit there, sometimes for a long time, waiting for more meat.  Also - in the past I have also experienced a certain level of "grief" when trying to use a coupon that this place sent me!  If it's a problem, don't send it to me!  Hopefully these things have been corrected, I did not experience them on my most recent visit I am glad to say, and I probably will be back in time.  I also want to make a special note about the mother/father's day brunch:  Really good and also worth your consideration!
5	One of the best Brazil steak joints in the Vegas valley. Everything is good. Tender mean, good waiter service, and a full bar.
4	Everything was excellent...salad bar was top notch but try not to load up on the hot dishes if you want to make room for the meats. My faves were the beef ribs, garlic top sirloin and filet wrapped in bacon. I love the option to choose your sides, too (yucca fries were great). They also had servers going around with some type of baked mozzarella and hot garlic bread. The only thing that bothered me early on was the GM (the reason for 4 instead of 5 stars).I received a buy one get one free email for being part of the e-club. I gave my email when making the reservations. Apparently they wrote the email address incorrectly but the GM approached us at our table (as we were barely starting to eat our salads) accusing me of using someone else's coupon because my email wasn't in their database. I repeated my email address to make sure he had the right one but he didn't bother listening or double checking. So I said I can show the email on my phone and he immediately said I probably had someone forward it to me. After showing the email on my phone which was obviously sent to me directly, he realized they wrote the email wrong. He didn't really apologize for his mistake nor his approach. It made us feel uncomfortable but we chose to ignore it so we could enjoy our meal. Other than that, all the servers and front staff were very friendly. A sincere apology from the GM would have been nice.
4	Went here with some work pals and it was great. Would have given five stars except that we had a hassle about our coupons. There were two couples. The first had a coupon for themselves, good only for th two of them. That was fine. I ahd a coupon with a different deal good for me and up to 8 others I wanted to use for me and my friend. But because we were sitting at the same table they told us we could not use tow coupons. I explained clearly that I did not want any one of us to benefit from both coupons and that it was no different than if we just had them seat us at separate tables and they said sorry, not our policy. After much haggling we were allowed JUST THIS ONCE to use two coupons at one table. COME ON!
5	What can I not gush about this place, 5 Star all the way! The food is delicious and plentiful. Every time I have been there I have never waited more than 5 minutes for a meat dish to come by the table. The wait staff is very professional and attentive. I never went without a refill of ice tea, even when the place was packed and jamming.If you are worried about price they also have a locals night on Thursday and lunch on Sunday with discounted rates. Even at full price it is worth it. Bonus kids 5 and under are free.If you want to get snu snu later in the evening, then take your date here.
5	What a great dining experience! Outstanding salad bar and side dishes and the meats were out of this world. Little secret dish - try the pesto bread dip sauce in the mashed potatoes! What sets this place apart from the other Braziilian Steakhouses is that most of the employees are from Brazil and really care and are knowledgable. Also, the price is about 1/3 less then the others. Give yourself a treat and check this place out!
3	Being someone that absolutely loves Brazilian establishments, I would not rank Via Brasil Steakhouse in my top 10!  The main reasons for my ranking was due to the price and the taste of the poultry items and salmon.  The bacon wrapped turkey was horrible...dry and overly salty.  I usually go by the mindset that anything wrapped in bacon is awesome, but that did not hold true for that item!  All the chicken items I tried did not impress and I made sure to pass on them the rest of the night.  The salmon with their mango sauce was ok , but the salmon was dry and didn't have much flavor either.  Now, the red meat options were amazing and well seasoned and prepared.  From the bacon wrapped fillet to the flank steak I could not get enough of the red meat items.  The wait staff was very good and constantly providing clean plates.  The salad bar was your standard Brazilian fare with nothing special, but for $45 a plate I would expect a more robust salad bar and better tasting poultry items.  I've had much better options from Brazilian restaurants that charge $25-$30 per plate. And what the hell is with the garlic bread on a skewer?
5	Holy crap, I hit 100 reviews on my last review and didn't even notice??  And I did my 100th reveiw on some sub-par establishment?  Shame on me!  To make up for it, my 101st review is on someplace stellar!Via Brasil is on point!  Really a very good place to have a protein-filled dinner!  Calories?  Who cares!  With over 14 types of meat to choose from and a stocked salad bar with over 30 hot and cold items to choose from, you're gonna wanna get a taste of everything Via Brasil has to offer!We started our meal with their warm Brazilian cheese buns which were gooey and tasty.  Our server also showed us that with each meal besides the all-you-can-eat salad bar and the meat, we also had unlimited choices of any of their side dishes that came from the kitchen.  I can't remember the entire sides menu but we ordered:-Sweet potato fries-Collard greens-Fried bananas We placed our sides order in before we were escorted to the salad bar.  This was another treat.  It seems Via Brasil is on par with Texas de Brazil on salad bar selections, and there was many high quality items to choose from:-Caesar salad -Grilled peppers-Marinated portobello mushrooms-Hearts of Palm-Caprese salad (pretty good, creamy)-Seafood salad-Fine cheesesAlong with the salad bar are six hot dishes that are offered, on this day we tried:-Mushroom risotto-Fish in lemon butter sauce-Rice & beansAll the salad bar items we sampled were fresh and pretty good.  I love a good salad with marinated fresh grilled veggies, brings on a sense of balance before you attack the meat like a t-rex!  Via Brasil's beans were super good, I loved the smoky flavor with the addition of the hamhock in the mix.  I had two bowls!  The only thing I missed from Via Brasil's salad bar versus Texas de Brazil's (and I should be ashamed in saying this) is that at Texas they have California Roll sushi on the line.  'Faux-shi'...for shame!  I dunno, I guess I just like having the option of eating it if I want to!Shortly after we got our salads our side dishes arrived.  I enjoyed the tart of the collard greens, and both the sweet potato fries and fried bananas were good.  We finally flipped our little marker to green and off we were to the meat races!  We sampled just about everything on Via Brasil's menu that night:-Garlic picanha-Sausage-Flank steak-Tenderloin wrapped in Bacon-Beef Ribs-Prime Rib-Leg of Lamb-Salmon-Chicken drumsticks-Chicken heartsJust about everything was excellent!  I noticed that Via Brasil uses a bit less salt than the folks at Texas which made the flavor of their meats a bit more appealing to my palette.  I loved the garlic picanha and their flank steak, juicy and tender.  The prime rib was great, just be sure to ask for a thicker cut!  The beef ribs were very good with their house BBQ sauce, I was eating part of a slab like Fred Flintstone!  The leg of lamb was not 'lamby' at all.  I had a small issue with the salmon, it was on the dry side.  But the surprise of the night was the chicken hearts, man were those good!  Reminds you of a Japanese izakaya because of that grilled flavor.  We almost ate an entire stake of these ourselves!  I am no stranger to exotic food!  Give it a shot and try it...you just might like it!And don't forget to ask your server to bring their chimichurri sauce for your table!  It's a must for your meat!  The mix of olive oil, garlic, lemon, parsley and other herbs gives your meat that punch of flavor which will ignite your taste buds.  Super good!  Via Brasil also does offer various dessert choices but after the meat attack we went through we were too full to order anything, I'm thinking maybe next time?  And yes, there will probably be a next time.Service was very good here, our server was attentive, kept our glasses full, and answered any questions we had about the salad bar or the types of meat they served.  And don't forget to join Via Brasil's e-club!  You receive news on special events and promotions, as well as possible BOGO coupons on your birthday or anniversary!  Always a plus in my book to save that dough!I missed the old Makino that used to be in this space, but Via Brasil has done a great job taking over.  We left happy with joyous memories, and our bellies full of food.  Food that alas, will force me to work twice as hard in the gym to burn these meaty calories off.  Uh...I work out!!
4	My wife and I wanted to eat at some special places for visit to Vegas, and found one at Via Brasil. Our experience, my wife's first at a Brazilian steakhouse, was memorable, positive, and romantic. The quiet and relaxed atmosphere was well complemented by excellent and attentive service. The meats that were brought around were all excellent, but we both especially loved the bacon wrapped turkey. The selections on the salad bar were extensive, varied, and everything we tried was delicious. The chimichurri sauce must be mentioned, and was bursting with flavor. If there was a single downside as a visitor, it is that the restaurant is a good distance off the Strip, so the cab rides were expensive, but we left feeling it was money well spent
3	I must admit, the first time I ate at Via Brasil I probably would have given 4-stars, but after my second visit I gotta go with 3 instead.Let me begin first by saying I don't think VB is a bad place to eat. In fact, I think it's a very nice restaurant with very nice wait staff (including bussers, hostess, waiters, everyone!). On both of my visits I was pleased as punch with the service and the arrival of the meats/cheese bread/condiments/beverages. However, on my second visit some of the magic wore off from the first visit. I went here for a birthday dinner with my fiance. On a Saturday night I made a reservation, expecting the place to be busy, but it definitely was not. Kind of a plus for us, except for the fact they sat us out in the middle of the floor. I was kinda disappointed with the seating and hoping we could have been seated in a more secluded part of the restaurant, but it was okay...As for food. The meats were okay, minus the salmon, which was delicious. I tend to skip the sausages and chicken-type meats when I come to a Brazilian steakhouse. I must say though, I think all of the meats were overly-salty. Cooked well? Yes. But just salty. I went through three glasses of water.The salad bar I think is okay, but not as good as Texas de Brazil.Overall I'm saying it's an okay place. It is cheaper than Texas de Brazil. It is more intimate than Texas de Brazil. I enjoy the ambiance here. I wouldn't NOT reccomend Via Brasil, but it will probably be awhile before I go back.
4	We did Mother's day brunch at Via Brasil. The experience of dealing with incompetent hostesses and a staff with no knowledge of a proper restaurant reservation system deserved 1 star. However, the experience consisting of the food and the waitstaff service (after waiting 50 minutes and then finally getting seated) was 5 stars. So to balance it out, my rating is at 4.A little delay and backup of seating times on big holiday weekends is understandable. However, the Mother's day brunch reservation system was highly unorganized and every single party (whether a 2-top, 4, 6, or very large party 10+) waited on average one hour after their reservation time to be seated. Many people were very upset, some left, some (like us) stuck it out and the feeling was very chaotic.That said, the waitstaff and the quality of the food really came to the rescue. Once you were actually seated it was business as expected. The quality of the food was outstanding and some of my favorites were the beef carpaccio and turkey wrapped in bacon.I will also give management credit for giving us several gift cards and complimentary desserts as consideration for our extremely long wait.I'm not sure if I have confidence in Via Brasil's reservation system to go back for a holiday weekend meal, but for a casual meal with family or friends, I absolutely would.
5	Amazing customer service on point and food was amazing I never felt so happy and satisfied from a Resturant every penny was worth it..abregado!!!
4	All you can eat...say what?Since my boyfriend and I wanted to go on a fancy date we decided to give this place a shot since we did try Texas De Brazil and liked that place. Most of the people I have talked to about Via Brasil said it was way better, so why not try it.Salad bar:They had lobster bisque soup, white rice, salad, sauteed mushrooms, and yummy delicious items to choose from. (Beware: as tempting as it is don't go over board because you want to leave room in your tummy for some meat)For all you meat lovers they have many different types of meats to eat. The Prime Rib and top sirloin was my favorite. Also, they do have Salmon, which I enjoyed. You also get to choose 3 sides to eat with your meat...we ordered the grilled asparagus, broccoli, and fried plantains. I would totally recommend this place! The staff was very friendly and the food was delicious!
4	Very good and has a really good variety of meats you can try.
4	Brazillian Rotisserie.  I know it tastes great, I know it is a somewhat unique way to dine, but I can never get past the 44 dollar or more price tag so when I received my father's day $29.99 coupon I had to go and take the whole family.  The salad bar was fresh and the lobster bisque was ok, if a little flat.  But we don't come here for the salad, so I turned my card up and said bring on the meat.  The favorites were the pork loin (surprisingly tender and flavorful), the lamb, the pork ribs, and the fillet wrapped in bacon.  The fails were the chicken and turkey which were dry and appeared overcooked.  Also the salmon was bland.  The rest of the meats included beef ribs, sirloin, strip steak, and sausage.  They come around often and mostly ignore the button, asking you anyway.  The sides are not very good and you don't really need them as your salad bar should give you the illusion of eating something healthy.  Pace yourself and don't be afraid to say no or come back later.Of note: Kids are 14.99.  Happy Hour is 5-8 pm daily and includes a selection of appetizers and drink specials.  Thursday night is locals night and women are 29.99 and men 39.99 plus the appetizer specials are for the entire restaurant.  Sunday Brunch is 24.99 and includes some of the meats as well as an omelet station.Bon Appetit
5	The food was excellent loved it the bacon wrapped filet was great
4	Went for the happy hour. The drinks were great, the food was tasty. Had teriyaki sliders and bacon wrapped shrimp. Service was good
5	We dined here on the 24th of July. This place is amazing, classy and very good food wise. My husband is half Brazilian and so we had a great experience there. Our waiter a very nice young man and kept checking on us. The serving was great, I had the feeling because 90% of our group was Brazilian we had the sort of "special service". But even when our cards displayed 'no meat' they still came around. The waiters were nice, and me not having been to a Brazilian Steakhouse before, when I asked what the meat was, they explained. We had a lot of talk with the waiter, because part of our group also came from Holland, and he talked with us and it was all a good time. I had two glasses of Chardonnay and it was a very good white wine, very soft and fruity. The meat was amazing, I recommend you try the chicken hearts when you dine there, they are pure heaven. They have a lot of good stuff there, my advice is just try it out! At the salad bar I had gotten some cheese, and what I thought was meat, but it turned out the be cheese as well. It looked a bit red/purple-ish. It tasted like cheese but had a sweet taste to it as well, it was great.This restaurant was simply amazing and a very good fun evening for our party of six!
5	I got to experience first-class service by their most attentive staff constantly asking me if I needed anything and were at times one step ahead of me and knew what we needed! The gourmet salad bar offers grilled Portobello mushrooms, seafood salad, beef carpaccio, fine cheeses, and many more.My list of absolute faves you should try!Meats:Garlic PicanhaTenderloin Wrapped in BaconPicanha (Top Sirloin)Prime RibSide Dishes:SalgadinhosFried BananasGrilled Cheese...And if you want to end your dinner with a huge smile on your face, ask for their Cappuccino!I love that children ages 5 and under are FREE!
5	arguably the best Brazilian in LV, fogo de chao ain't got nothing on these guys. my favorite place in las vegas
4	I first came to this place in 2008 when it first opened.  It was ok, but not the best rodizio experience I've ever had.  I'm actually surprised this place has stayed open for so long!Fast forward to this week, when I stopped by twice for their happy hour.  It's been on my list of places to try, and they only win because their happy hour lasts until 8pm when so many others in the area last until 7pm.  I'm slow to start.There's a LOT of food options, all in the $3-$6 range.  On top of that, everything I've tried has been pretty good.  Standout items to be are the calamari and the fish & chips (though the chips were like stale potato chips).  Sliders were good, too.The servers have been pretty nice, but it seems a little awkward.  It's like they don't ever know what to say.  Maybe it's just weird, or I'm so incredibly attractive they lose concentration on what they were talking about.UPDATE: I just went through my receipts, and here's what I had, their prices, and my rating of the items:brazilian fish & chips - $3.75, 4/5calamari - $5, 5/5beef carpaccio - $4.50, 3/5bacon shrimp - $6, 3/5stuffed artichoke - $3.75, 4/5teriyaki sliders - $6 (I didn't get to try this)pineapple sliders - $6, 4/5butter shrimp - $6, 3/5
4	The restaurant has a very nice atmosphere. They have happy hour from 5-8 pm, you can actually try different Brazilian appetizer as their menu is pretty decent. You can also have all you can eat salad bar or all you can ate meats. their food is pretty tasty. I still prefer Texas de Brazil but If you don't want to drive far this place is a good option.
4	Spent $190 for my wife & I. Didn't feel bad about it because the food & selection is very good. I was not prepared for their method of serving the food but it was a good relief from the norm.
4	Dinner has killer salmon with passion fruit sauce and seasoned grilled corn. So damn good.
4	Ok. I'm not exactly a newbie when it comes to brazilian steakhouses. I enjoyed my experience here and savored the special touches. The server pulled my seat for me and pushed it to the table and placed my napkin on my lap. At one moment, I had dropped a few crumbs and was going to clear them, a server came over with a special rake to take care of the crumbs. The food was delightful. On the salad bar, I loved the aspargus risotto, scalloped potatoes, grilled asparagus, fresh mozarella, and marinated arthichokes. The grilled items: corn on the cob, mozarella, pork tenderloin, sirloin, tri tip, baby back ribs, beef ribs, and prime rib. The service here is a cut above some of the others, in my opinion.
4	Sweet i've found me another happy hour that is both enjoyable and not wallet busting.Started out with a Passion Martini (Sky Passion Infused Vodka and Muddled Strawberry)Very girly looking drink with the reddish pink color and bits of muddled strawberry but it's light and has a pleasant sweetness to it without any bite from the vodka. Well balanced but not very pronounced in the passion fruit flavor. I tend to order drinks slightly on the sweeter side and this caught my attention because i have a soft spot for passion fruit. Had i payed attention and actually read the rest of the menu i would have ordered the Passion Fruit mojito.We came from another nearby restaurant taking advantage of their happy hour and someone suggested that we hit up Via Brasil's since it's pretty close by so i didnt order very much.Grabbed a Asparagus Risotto that was decent at best. It tasted more of a rice in a heavy sauce with some asparagus bits instead of an actual risotto.Additionally while browsing the menu (regular menu not happy hour) the Brazilian style kale soup caught my eye and i ordered one of those. The broth was very bland and the sausages they threw in had no flavor at all. Also the kale was julienne so there was no big chunks of kale instead there was a huge mess of kale slivers. I was in the mood for a soup and this one didnt meet my expectations but then again who orders soup in a Brazilian style steak house?I plan on coming back here in the near future. Since it was my first time here i didnt know i can order the same cuts of meat by the ounce and pay for it that way instead of doing the entire Brazilian steakhouse dining experience
3	I'm not certain this is a fair evaluation.  The food and service was absolutely fabulous.  However, we went on Halloween Eve, and there was a DJ with music that was almost ear splitting in volume, and I have a hearing loss.  My party could hardly converse. The folks partying at the bar in costume, however, appeared to be having a great time.  We are going back when our hearing returns, and I will update this review.
4	Really good selection, and not too salty in flavor like some other places
5	This is by far my favorite local restaurant in the area. Less expensive than Texas de Brazil in Town Square - south of The Strip. Friendly servers. They really take care of regulars there. Bummed they got rid of their Happy Hour Special a while back but still a great value.
5	This review is for my visit for Brunch, only available on Sunday! Rodizio style baby!Brunch is 24.99 pp normally however I joined the on line e-club for free and was immediately sent via email an invite for 19.99 pp, hell yeah! FYI kids under 5 eat free. All you can eat/AYCE!Wow, I came across this restaurant and brunch info by accident while browsing the web and I am sure glad I did!The description of the brunch was mouth watering and I have been dreaming of going for four weeks now, was just waiting for a Sunday that my boyfriend did not work.Complimentary drinks, fresh squeezed pineapple, strawberry and orange juice are available for $3.50 per glass.They have a beautiful super fresh hot and cold Gourmet salad bar, that includes lobster bisque soup, bacon, sausage, hashed browns, cheese blintz,  and many homemade salads and a delicious ranch dressing! I really enjoyed the Caprese salad mmm yum and they have bottles of the best Olive oils around that you can use. My boyfriend really enjoyed the roasted peppers and eggplant. This is just listing a few as they have close to 35 items in their hot and cold gourmet salad bar!Fresh omelet station, eggs benedict or eggs any style for your own creation made to order, and Belgium waffles made fresh as well!You are given a rodizio marker for your table and when you want meat brought to your table you place it on the green side, and when you have had enough or are working on what you have then you flip it over to the red and they will not come to your table.Mmmm yum they also give you a side of fresh mashed potatoes and some delicious fried bananas which were the best I have ever had in my life!!!!!!They have a cart of fresh banana bread and another bread,  however once she said banana I knew I must have and did not hear what the other was. It was the best banana bread I have ever had the pleasure of eating! I had seconds on that for sure!The brunch is rodizio style so there are 6 choices of meats coming around at all times to make the rounds to your table. They are generous and are constantly on the move making sure you are satisfied and have everything you need or could ever want! List of meats cut table side. Top sirloin, tenderloin wrapped in bacon, turkey wrapped in bacon, prime rib, chicken drumsticks, smoked ham and pineapple. Keep in mind this selection is only for brunch, their dinner service has closer to 16 meats. The bacon wrapped turkey was an explosion of flavor all up in my mouth! The prime rib was delicious and melted in my mouth like butta!The service was Amazing, everyone on staff catering to our every need, refills of iced tea galore, my glass never even had the chance to get half full at any point! They cleared plates, brought plates, folded our napkins back up every time we left the table, they were on it! This restaurant for sure values and appreciates their customers!Heather was an Amazing Server by the way, her smile and sweet, helpful, knowledgeable personality was refreshing. If I owned a restaurant I would love to have her on my staff!This was a real treat for my sweetie and I also was my first time for rodizio style meat service it sure was a winner!We will be back because I know I will be dreaming about this place and be itching to get back really soon!The best service ever in all of my dining experiences I swear! I told my boyfriend that I feel like a Queen totally treated like royalty in every way! They totally spoiled us with anything and everything, I am still Amazed and super happy with our experience. Top quality food and very tasty and creative!
4	Went to eat here a few days ago with some friends. Really enjoyed my time here.  The staff was very friendly and always there when you needed them.  The salad bar did not have as many options at other Brazilian steakhouses I have visited before but they did have new options.  I loved the asparagus risotto the most.The meats are great and they also offer a side menu that includes, mashed potatoes, fried bananas, onion rings, asparagus, etc. I will be coming back here in the future.
2	They only get 2 stars because the owner needs to learn some serious people skills! I have eaten there twice, the first time was on a week night and there were only about 8 tables seated. Everyone bent over backwards for us, which I expected because they had the time to do it. We liked it so much that we decided to book their New Year's Eve Party. We were 5 minutes late to our 10:30pm reservation and then stood for almost 10 minutes waiting to check in because a large party was standing in the entryway. The hostess (turned out to be the owner) saw us standing there and ignored us. When we finally got to check in she told us that they had given our table away so we now had to wait. After waiting 10 minutes I asked how much longer it was going to be because we had been told the food service stopped at midnight. I couldn't understand her answer because the DJ music was so loud. When I told her this she started screaming at me that I could stop yelling at her and that if we didn't like it we could walk out because she didn't need people like us. When I tried to explain that I was speaking loudly because of the music she cut me off and screamed at me some more. The other hostesses and guests were in shock. So I decided to ask her name. Her answer was that she was the owner and I could call her the owner or I could get out. Since there were no other options for dinner at that point I asked how long it was going to be and she said she had to find somewhere to "put us". We were finally seated last after she seated 6 groups that came in after us. We reached our table at 11:05 and then sat for another 5 minutes before anyone came to the table. There were at least 5 open tables in the section we were in so it was pretty clear there shouldn't have been a problem "finding somewhere to put us". The hostess who did seat us apologized repeatedly for her behavior and said she was sorry there was nothing she could do. It was clear from our conversation with her and other staff during the night that outbursts like this are a regular occurrence and the staff are used to trying to make it up to guests who do stay and eat. I guess it should have been a warning when I saw her grabbing party favors out of a guest's hand and yelling at the woman that she could only have 1 item per person. Our server was wonderful once he realized we were his table. However it was clear the staff bringing the meat around had no idea how to navigate a full restaurant. My plate was constantly empty and we spent half the night craning our necks trying to find the closest meat server. The salad bar was the usual which surprised me for a party that they were charging so much extra for. It is tiny compared to other Brazilian Steakhouses we have been to and both times they have hit a big pet peeve of mine. They put the salad dressing in front of the tray of salad so lettuce drops into it during the night. By the time we got to the salad bar the dressing was full of lettuce, which is a health code violation. It has happened both times we have eaten there, so it is clearly not something they care to keep neat. The meats were so salty that I had to ask for center cuts. And after being promised they were serving food until 1am, they stopped bringing meat around at midnight. They put out a dessert buffet at midnight. By 12:20 there were about 20 items left and they were all stale like they had sat out all day before being served. The worse part was they didn't have any more so several people didn't even get dessert which was included in the higher price for the party. We finally had to ask for more fried bananas. Once the server realized we hadn't gotten any dessert he brought us something from their regular menu. The last thing that bothered me was on the check. The check had been rung up under a different server's name. When I asked about it we were told that our server was the "second" on a team and the name was the "leader" of the team. I asked where the leader was, and was told she had already left the floor for the night. I thought it was tacky that I was expected to tip a "team" of servers when only one person had spoken to us all night. I am not talking about leaving the bussers and such out. I don't think someone who never even spoke to me should get a tip from me. Especially someone who has already gone home even though we are still seated. We won't be going back unless someone else is buying for certain. If you do go, make sure it is on a slow night so you get good service and pray you don't cross paths with the owner.
4	Great service. Delicious food. What more can you ask for? Definitely better than Texas De Brazil and Yolie's Brazillian Steakhouse.
1	OK. Now I'm not a big meat fan, however my husband is. First of all, you have to serve yourself at a salad bar. Then they start bringing out all the meat and chicken and lamb and the servers swarm around you all the time, even though you put the stop sign up. Very annoying and not comfortable and the food was just so so and not to mention how expensive it was. Too many other wonderful restaurants to eat at. Will not be going back.
5	If you love steak, lamb, chicken, turkey, you will love this place! The waiters and staff are friendly, and the atmosphere is quite nice, less hectic than other Brazilian places out there. You can get your pick of the liter when it comes to side choices, I prefer the asparagus or take a look at their salad bar. The downside is, you must make reservations, or prepare to wait! They did go up in their prices since last year, meaning when I first went there dessert was included and now it is not. Other than that, I am a fan of Via Brasil!
1	After posting my previous review about my 1-star experience on New Year's Eve, I was contacted by an employee offering to have me back for another meal and to refund my poor experience. I happily accepted, as I'm open to giving people more than just one shot.Unfortunately, they messages they sent me were deleted (not by me...) and my attempts to contact them directly at the email address provided in the message have gone ignored.Not only was my experience with their restaurant very poor, my experience with their customer service after the fact has been extremely disappointing as well. I can not stress enough how poorly I rate this establishment.
5	Great restaurant!!!! My husband and I went for Valentines day and let me just say that the atomosphere was perfect.  Candlelite, very romantic tables.  Great service and even better food.  Love it, can't wait to take my son back so that he can try all the great meats!
5	I thought it was a very nice atmosphere  w/live music. The salad bar was very impressive and of top quality. The staff was very nice. The price was applicable. Meats were done very nicely. I definitely would take a party of 8 here next time.
4	One of the best happy hour prices and times in Summerlin. Good sized portions, plenty of options and very delicious food and drinks.
4	A great place for Happy Hour!  Its crowded enough that there isnt really any bar stool available or tables but not busy enough that there were people standing around.  Happy Hour is daily from 5pm-8pm in the bar and patio area.  FOOD: Caipirinha's (Kiwi and Strawberry) $5 each - their kiwi flavored sugar can liquor is so good!  The Caipirinha is Brazil's famous drink and I love it!! Its sweet and super strong.  I really liked the two separate flavors and it didn't hide the kick that you get lol My only problem I had with the Strawberry was that I would have loved if they strained the strawberry bits out.  Its kind of hard to drink when every two seconds I have to clear the straw.  Chicken Tenders $5 - The chicken tenders are tender and moist ^_^ they make good tenders lol And they come with a side of Yucca Fries which I love.  I am a great lover of french fries and every time I have Yucca fries, I wonder how come other restaurants cant make them too!Brazilian Fish and Chips $4.50 - The fish was extremely moist and flakes really easily which is a good thing.  My only issue with this is that it has a fishy taste to it which makes me wonder how fresh it is. Brushetta $3.50 - You get four piece of brushetta topped with feta, tomato, and top with lemon dressing.  Its pretty good and the size of each brushetta is pretty large when most restaurant serve you something pretty small.  The only thing that could make this really good was that they need to toast the bread.  I love bread, I love bread that i just eat straight up with their crunch exterior and super soft chew interior... their brushetta was that but its not very stable when you're trying to lift it up to take a big bite when the lemon dressing is soaking through.  Sausage & Yucca $5 - Yucca fries are the bomb! When we place this order, i thought were were going to get these chubby little sausages (no idea why i thought that lol) but what we got instead small little sausage slices (about size of nickels) that were sauteed crispy.  The flavor was good but was surprise that the form they came in.  Whats really good is if you take the slice sausages from this place and put them on the brushetta lolSERVICE:The staff are very attentive ^_^ Since there wasnt any cocktail tables or bar stool open, they had set up two of their patio table behind the bar (small corner hidden behind the waterfall bar).  I think because we sat in this corner, we got better service lol cause the waitresses had to always remember to stop by. Anna, one of the owners and event planner, walks the restaurant and the bar area and checks on the guests as well.  She is actually the reason why my fiance and I booked our wedding dinner at their restaurant.  The table next to us (the only other patio one in our little corner lol) had 3 guests that got their food quite quick but was missing their Caesars Chicken Salad (which looked pretty good and the size was large which I must remember to try next time).  The waitress apologized for the delay as there was a mix up in the kitchen and brought the salad ASAP.  Anna came by and offered them complimentary dessert for their delay on their one order.  I thought that was pretty nice since the guests didnt really seem to mind and that Anna was so quick to hear about it. WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK FOR HAPPY HOUR AND CANT WAIT FOR OUR WEDDING DINNER TO BE HELD THERE!!
4	One of my favorite and best priced Summerlin Happy Hours -5 PM to 8 PM in the bar and patio areaThey recently expanded their small plate offerings in addition to being able to get their meats by the ounce.Love their fresh fruit Mojito's and Caipirinha's; and order a different one each time I go.And as always, exceptional service and libation mastery by Coleen.
4	pros...great place to actually celebrate thanksgiving in Las Vegas.  this was where me and 14 of my closest friends and family decided to spend thanksgiving dinner at.  and it was just great.  the place was not crowded, at least the time we were there.  and it is a pretty typical brazilian style meat house.  they advertise like 40 different cuts of meat to be had, but i only counted like 20 or something. great service and fun waiters that come around.  also a dessert cart as well.if you have never been to one, then it is just a great way to try out this style of dining.  these are all you can eat affairs, and it would be best if you are not in a hurry.  as the time it will take you to actually digest your food will be days.  so once you sit this place has individual little cards, which allow the waiters to come around with different swords of meat.  so say the meat sword, yeah i know it sounds funny, but that's what it is.  so it comes around and the guy will ask you if you want that particular cut of meat, and if yes he places it onto your plate.  if not, no harm or foul.  then you eat, and then you wait for the next type of food on the sword.  and this happens over and over and over and over again.  but in the case of my table, you are greatly pressured to eat whatever is being offered.  and along with that, there is the other matter of the caiperenas, which is like the brazilian equivalent of a mojito, with just a different type of alcohol.  and boy we are a rowdy bunch as we will try to bully you into eating a lot of food.  needless to say 3.5 hours later and a massive bill later, we were out of there.  and it was a great thanksgiving, beats anything that can happen at home.  just cause that would be a lot of meat to cook.  but i must say my favorite dish of the night was not a meat dish, but actually the grilled corn.  it was sweet and delicious like no other corn i have tasted.  cons...not easy to find this place and it is a bit far from the strip.  but once you find it you will have a great time.  prices are high, but then it was an all you can eat and thanksgiving as well.  so come prepared by not eating all day and the day before as well, just to get your moneys worth.  dessert was a bit of a let down, but i guess by the time we were done, there wasn't much room left in the stomach for it.  and be wary of our table, as we tend to get loud and rowdy.  and make sure that my wife is not inebriated, as she has a vicious potty mouth that is loud and obnoxious as well.
1	I wish I could give this place less than 1 star.  What a horrible experience!I was part of a larger group and although our experience was bad, we didn't bother asking for a manager because when the couple next to us politely did so, the manager came to the table and was VERY rude to them.  She even went so far as to use racial slurs and call the lady the "C" word!!!  After that, the manager followed the customers to the front door where she continued to harass them.It's bad enough when your food service sucks but to treat any customer that way is inexcusable.Not a chance on earth we will ever return to this God awful place.
4	I am a regular here...well regular as one can be.  I come here about once every six months. That is about enough time to  forget about my last meat hangover and prepare myself  for the next meat hangover.  I always have this dooming feeling that this place is going to shut down, because it was unprofitable due to me and my husband eating atleast 5 lbs of meat, EACH!Despite being somewhat buffetish, I think the quality remains high and consistent. Frankly, I am very discriminant about what I eat from the "buffet bar", while it show freshness, chose wisely, most of it is just filler and distraction from the more expensive meat.  I do eat the beef or salmon carpaccio and sample the soup and hot appetizers... all decent.  However, a little plate of roughage doesn't hurt and can be a welcoming break from the continuous onslaught of hot sizzling meat coming your way.  The meat and variety is awesome especially if you desire red meats. I notice a few cost saving changes that I think make total sense.  The table side, side dishes are smaller portions but still you can order as many as you want and I am pretty sure if you finish and want more,  they will bring you more.  Shrimp cocktail at the buffet is composed of small shrimps, where as before they were large ones.  Now the large shrimp come tableside, which are brushed with a delicious garlic sauce.  I didn't see much of a raw seafood selection anymore. Service was "good" this time, but in the dozen and half  times I've been here, I've never had less that good service and more often than not it has been excellent and cordial.P.S.  read the fine print. if you have the recent Groupon offer, be aware it is more like buy one meal at full price get one half off.   If there are two of you, you cannot use two coupons, but you can use two coupon If you have four people.Just go and enjoy.
4	Been to many Brazilian Steakhouse, this one is slightly different. More items on the salad bar like Chicken Marsala and Lobster Bisque soup etc.Quality of meat is pretty good. The only one I found really dry was the New York Steak. They have one thing extra i.e Corn on the Cobb which was delicious. Atmosphere is nice and pleasant.Food 8/10Service 9/10Atmosphere 9/10Ask them to make Filet Mignon with Garlic sauce and thank me later.
5	I cannot put into words how amazing this place was. My husband and I were married at Always & Forever Wedding Chapel (review coming) and didn't have any desire to do an actual reception. I found this restaurant online and they were AMAZING. They arranged transportation for our entire party from the chapel to the restaurant, and back to the strip. We were in the private room and it was perfect. The staff was attentive, fun, energetic, and so polite. It was almost like I wasn't in Vegas anymore. For 89.99 a person we had unlimited meat....excellent, yummy, and a choice of 20 meats....and unlimited premium drinks for 2 hours. The food was phenomenal. The experience was fun for all our guests and everybody had a wonderful time...it was perfect. Anna, the event coordinator, was so great! She was there to greet our party, explain how the process works, and made sure every need was met. I can't recommend this restaurant enough...it was the perfect way for us to celebrate our wedding with all our family and friends.
1	The beginning was great, then it went down hill.   Was told there were 18 types of meat, while we only got offered 8 types.  Never saw the other 10 missing types of meat.  We spent over $110 for two people on dinner and never got dessert or a coffee, everything is a la carte, (extra). I made a point to call them before I bought my two groupon coupons, but after we ate there the bill was an additional $35 on top of what I paid online.Im disappointed we did not get to try the dessert & coffee.  No filet mignon, or veal was offered, where was the missing 10 meat types.???
3	You know, they say when someone likes your business, they'll tell 1 person, but if they don't like it, they'll tell 10.  I've been going to Via Brasil for almost a year, and I've loved it until recently.  I still love the Rodizio Dinner, which is expensive but comparable to other Brazilian steakhouses, and the food is delicious.I turned several of my friends on to VB as a go-to happy hour spot.  They used to have a bartender/server named Jules who was AMAZING - orders were quick, accurate, she was witty and attractive (which my single friends appreciated). We would go weekly, or at least a couple times a month.Sadly, I went back three times over the past two weeks, and was informed by the hostess that Jules was no longer there, and their service has plummeted.  The first of the three most recent visits involved delayed drinks, arguments with wait staff about how to split cash and credit card payments on the bill (which are usually over $250 with 6-8 people), and delayed food orders.The 2nd of the last three visits, the same delays occurred.  The waiter tried to blame the kitchen, but when I asked about why my bruschetta (which takes all of 60 seconds or less to throw together) wasn't out after 30 minutes and the rest of my party was leaving, the waiter acknowledged he forgot to put the order in.  THEN, he puts the order in and rather than comp. the order, he charges the full price rather than happy hour price BECAUSE HE FORGOT TO PUT IN THE ORDER before happy hour ended!The last time I went will be the last time I go for happy hour.  I went with two other people.  One of my friend's orders was completely forgotten.  We had trouble getting anyone's attention for new drinks. And, we waited, after we finished our food and drinks, 30 minutes until one of us went to the bar to get our tab for our table.  Then, after another 10 minutes, we ended up having to bring the signed check back to the bar because we'd basically been abandoned at that point.I loved this place...LOVED. My friends made fun of me because I'd always recommend it.  Unfortunately, the service at happy hour has so plummeted that it's not even worth it.  Too many good happy hours to waste time here. Bring back Jules!
4	I went here for dinner and the food is good.  My wife and I also had a bottle of Malbec that was tasty with all of the food. A pleasant experience all around.I enjoyed the lamb with mint jelly and the steak.  It is really easy to eat here on a low carb diet and is very tasty.
1	I just left this afternoon. I find the groupon to be more bait and switch. So you 24.99 for groupon. I than bring someone who pays full price. Am I the only one who thinks dragging in someone to pay full price is dumb. I thought that my companion would pay the same. So I explain to Anna (the manager) she tells me to get out if her restaraunt and dont come back. Its 430 in the afternoon. There was a better way to handle this. It is my birthday dinner. This is bad customer service. Next call to groupon. I will say that I wasnt expecting anything for free. The coupon should state that its only good for one person per table per reservation. No confusion there.  Bait and switch Groupon should choose better when attaching a brand to a business. Anna should learn better manners. Word of mouth is bad advertising when treated poorly.
5	This is one of my favorite places for happy hour.  Lots of great priced drinks and apps to choose from.  I usually get mojitos or sangria.  They have an outdoor patio which is nice when the weather is nice.  The staff is very attentive.
4	This is a very good restaurant. The atmosphere is beautiful; very well decorated. The set up with the fountain is amazing. The servers are very friendly and very nice. Extremely helpful if it is your first time at a Brazilian steakhouse. Now, the food: everything in the salad bar was delicious. The salads, the mushrooms, the pasta, the soup; excellent. Along with Fogo de chao, this salad bar is quite possibly the best in town. The meat...now, I am not a connoisseur of steak, but I could tell a difference in not only quality of the meat, but also the taste from other Brazilian steakhouses. The overall quality of the meat seemed lower than at other places; I felt it to be quite rough, even though I asked for medium cooked slices. By comparison, fogo, and even Fleming's, was very tender. It was okay at best in terms of quality. In terms of taste, I found the ribeye (sniffle) to be salty! The RIBEYE! I literally had to spit it out, it was that bad. The lamb was salty as well and it irritated me. The New York strip steak and filet mignon were dry...VERY dry. This saddened me even further :(However, the top sirloin was amazing, I could eat that all day...All in all, via is a good place to eat... But for the price, I don't think it's worth it; for $50+, fogo is the better choice.
5	The food here is amazing. Its an orgasm in my mouth. The meat is perfectly cooked, and absolutely perfect. I love this place I keep going back for more. I highly recommend this place. If you want great food go here.
2	I'm writing this review based on two very different experiences at Via Brasil.The first time was very nice, attentive wait staff, wonderful food, (My husband did say it didn't feel as upscale as Texas De Brazil or Fogo De Chao), but overall no complaints.My second experience was very different. We went for Sunday brunch and had absolutely horrible service. We were sat close by a lot of other diners so I'm not sure where the disconnect was, but we hardly were ever offered the food selections. They were two waiters that were VERY good but as they were handing out only steak I was bored fast. I don't eat very much red meat which is why I liked VB because they offer chicken, salmon, and turkey. However, I was only offered anything other than steak once. I left feeling very dissatisfied.I left my husband to pay the bill and took my 18-month-old out to the car, and to top it all off we were over charged! They were advertising a $19.99 brunch special and we were charged $24.99. As Brazilian steakhouses can get expensive I expect a little more TLC from mine. From now on I will be spending my money somewhere that will give us a little better attention.
5	I have heard about Via Brasil for some time now, but just got an opportunity to eat there.The atmosphere is wonderful, high ceilings, open space, waterfalling behind the bar...very cool. The staff was amazingly attentive, paying attention to what we ordered, and suggesting dishes that would compliment.  Gerry, our waiter even made a point to special order me some lamb chops....WOW!I cannot exactly tell which meat was my favorite...My wife said the Tri Tip was the best, but the chimichurri sauce made them all beyond words delicious.Forget the other Brazillian Steakhouses and go here.
5	NOT a place to go for vegan or health food!-LOL.This place is a steak lovers Bomb! A bovine chowin dream! A cow cutters claim.....STEAK is ON! It's not cheap either but when you consider what is offered to you and how much of it you an indulge the glutton in you won't think it was nothing short of a pretty good deal actually! The salads are fresh,place is spacious and meat is all cooked just right! No wonder food lovers and critics flock to Vegas for meals like this! This place is spacious and soothing inside....all the modern amenities you love about casino towns! I don't like pasta but tried it here and was amazed at how good it really is! But cow city calls you moooooing if your a carnivorous sort of chow master! I will most definitely go back next time I go to Vegas!
5	Amazing service and dinner.I liked almost everything they brought out. The salad bar was good. I liked how they did family style sides and brought it to the table. I had a hard time flipping my card over to red because they continued to have a lot of stuff. They even took care of me by getting me something specific that I liked and went back and made more.Great churasscaria in Vegas!
3	My hubby has a birthday coming up and he wants Texas de Brazil for his special dinner. Since we had been to TDB before, and not tried Via Brasil even though it is in our area, I figured we could give it a shot. I did have an A-OK experience, but I am glad it wasn't his actual birthday dinner or I would have been disappointed we didn't go to TDB. The "Rodizio" dinner is priced at $45.99 per person. A 50 plus item salad bar is included, and you get to try 18 different meats that meat carvers bring to your table on skewers. You can choose if you want what they have and how much. If pink meat isn't your thing, you can request any of the meat be cooked to to your liking. They give each person there own round paper disc that you turn to green when you are ready for more meat and then you turn it to red until you are ready for more or are simply done eating. I was impressed by the fact that the side dishes were included with the meal. They had like 16 to choose from and you can pick as many as you like. That is a nice touch! They ask that you tell them your sides when you first get there so they can start preparing them. So I am not a vegetarian at all, but I don't eat a whole lot of meat. Tonight was my night to shine as the carnivore I am not. I absolutely succeeded! I first went to the salad bar. I wasn't impressed. There were a lot a seafood options which is great, but not for someone like me who doesn't eat seafood. I didn't feel there was a lot of options for a salad however the veggies they did offer were fresh and delicious. I put some "Caprese Salad" on my plate and that was actually very good. As we finished up our salad, the sides we ordered arrived. The "White Rice" paired nicely with the "Sauteed Mushrooms" and the "Fried Banana" was good. Then the meats started coming! I have to admit that the "Top Sirloin" known as "Pichana" that they claim is the star of the meal was not good at all. The meat was tough and flavorless. The "NY Strip", and "Prime Rib" were the same, tough meat and flavorless. Then came the "Bacon Wrapped Turkey" and THAT is delicious. I'm a huge fan of bacon and the bacon really added a nice flavor to the turkey. Then came the "Garlic Filet and "Bacon Wrapped Filet and these two are the star of the meal to me. The filet was so tender and flavorful. I like my meat cooked well done so the server took note of that and made sure to bring me pieces with no pink. I liked my meal, but can't see coming back and paying full price again. Maybe if it were a deal they had going on or something. The meat at first was not good, and the salad bar was not great. I know this isn't TDB, but I do have to compare it because they both have the "churrascaria" thing going on. And the salad bar at TDB is worth just eating that alone. The sides were decent, but I only enjoyed a few types of the meat so I'd rather spend the extra to have TDB. There is a Happy Hour here at Via Brasil Monday - Sunday from 5-8 pm in the patio/bar. Every Sunday they have a "Sunday Brunch" from 10 am - 2 pm and have different specials for the brunch so you might want to call and ask if there is a theme for that day. They have several options for events and banquets too.
3	I gotta knock Via Brazil down a peg as I returned for happy hour to find their prices went up.  Some of the stuff that was super cheap was now not so cheap.  Definitely a disappointing experience.  The best deals we found were the gouda sliders for $6.50 and the chicken sliders for $5.50.  Wasn't the $3-$6 experience I remember Yelping about.  $3.50 Stellas & Coronas is ok, I guess, but sheesh... get some craft brews, guys.Sometimes the service is awesome here and sometimes the service is... awkward.  Never bad, just awkward.Now that I don't live in the area anymore, I'll be going there even less than a few times a year.  I think there's better happy hour deals around town now.
1	Via  Brazil was a 3 star restaurant in my previous review 3 days ago.  That's nothing to be ashamed about.... it just means the restaurant was nothing great, but not terrible TO ME.  Yelp is a site for posting your opinions.  But some guy named Dustin J. had to send me a private message saying:"We are very sorry that Our Happy Hour is too expensive for you. Please visit McDonalds, Taco Bell and other fast foods if this is too expensive for you"It took me a minute to figure out what restaurant he was referring to, but when I found 20 photos for Via Brasil, I figured it out  Congratulations, guys, I will never return to your restaurant and will make sure nobody I ever talk to does either.  Worst marketing ever.
5	Don't eat at the salad bar. It's just filler. Overall, if you are in Vegas, and can get here, you should go. This is a meat lovers dream. So much good food and great, attentive service. Not a place for veagans. The atmosphere is very spacey and open. Hope to eat here again soon.
4	Started with an amazing salad bar, tons of choices, fresh, clean and delicious. Loved everything I tasted. The sides were terrific, and tasty. Loved the fried bananas and mashed potatoes.Then the meat came, and it kept coming. Hot, juicy and wonderful choices, of bacon wrapped meats, tri-tip, salmon, garlic sirloin were among the table favorites.Had a great time celebrating a friends birthday.Get the banana desert, it is a show stopper.A great place to go for a special night out.
5	I went to Via Brasil with my husband last week. I've been going for the past couple years and its always a pleasant dining experience. The hostess is always friendly upon arriving. I find this to be a breath of fresh air. It's not too common in Vegas to feel genuine kindness in people. Very hospitable. I absolutely LOVE the salad bar! There is so much variety to choose from!  It ranges from caprese salad, artichokes with vinaigrette, portobello mushrooms, potato salad to chicken stroganoff, a hot seafood dish with plenty of delicious herbs and spices,  as well as a delicious feijoada! A black bean and pork stew!  Too many to mention all. I recommend trying it yourself to see, or should I say taste! :) All of that is not even describing the 18 scrumptious meats brought out in skewers! I'm a meat eater so I absolutely love this place! I like my meats well done, I never have a problem with that! My favorite is the garlic pichana as well as the skirt steak! All the meats are always so juicy and tender and seasoned to perfection. Never to light or too much. I can't complain. Even if your not too much of a meat eater, there is an option for everyone! If your more into happy hour?... I guarantee you will love this place also. The timing is perfect, just in time to unwind after a stressful day at work. I love the the Caipirinha and the strawberry mojito! So tasty and refreshing! The menu option for happy hour is very plentiful and only ranges from $3.50-$10. The portion sizing is very generous definitely enough to share with your girlfriends! The bartenders are always so lively and very attentive. We never have to wait long for the food to come out or for our bill. All in all Via Brasil is one of my favorite places to dine at or just stop by and have a tasty drink! I think anyone looking  to enjoy a great evening of superb  service, tasty drinks, and plentiful great tasting meats should definitely give Via Brasil a try!
2	Came here for one of my birthday dinners and was pleased but have to say right off the bat that it aint no Texas de Brazil at all. At $45.99 per person I would rather give my money to Texas de Brazil any day. That being said the service was excellent but some of the meat either wasn't cooked enough, cooked too much, or actually tasted good. It was just intermittent on the food front. I'm not a salad eater so I can't comment much on the salad bar but that I tried some meats and cheeses that were ok. A lady came around with a alcohol cart and a man then came around with a dessert cart but I don't drink much and was too full for dessert it looked good though. If you have money to blow then give this place a try but for me it is a pass.
2	Update: after posting my last review I was offered a free meal and a refund on the over charge. A wonderful gesture. We happily enjoyed the meal with much better service then. However, we were never given the refund. I had multiple emails saying they would refund it that night but nothing ever happened. It seems like that experience perfectly sums up Via Brasil, trying but falls short.
2	busy day not only with the festival outside but the football game as well but but even if causal as best there is a way to provide a good experience to the guest .. I'll be back to dine , round two should be interesting
5	If you are meat lover, this is the place! Took my dad and family out for his birthday and it was wonderful.  Sure, it's $45 per person, but it is totally worth it.  You will not regret it after tasting the amazing selection of meats (we all especially loved the lamb!)  And our 2 kids were free.  We will be going back for special occasions.  Oh, and they told us over the phone "formal dining but you can dress casual" so we did...next time I will dress up  just a bit more as everyone else was in suits/dresses.  Awesome customer service!
2	Meh.  I'll be short and to the point. The service was great and the place is beautiful, but the fooood...Most of the beef (filet mignon, garlic steak, mainly) was over cooked and tough.  Only thing they didn't botch was the flank steak.  The salmon was good as well.Chicken was greasy.  Lobster bisque tasted like slurping butter.It's bad when the salad bar food is better than the meat at a steakhouse.Over priced for what you get.
5	I decided to treat my two young children to a night out to eat to shake up our normal weekly routine of homework, dishes, dinner and chores...they were in the mood for steak and I've met friends here in the past for happy hour so I thought I'd give the dinner a shot....I expected a nice quiet dinner but I have to say that my expectations were far exceeded!  My eight year old is still talking about the meat a day later (which has prompted this review) and my twelve year old son was in heaven!  The cuts were definitely high quality and furthermore still sizzling when placed on our plates.  The sides were the perfect size for us to share and the desserts were fantastic as well (made in house) It doesn't stop there--the service was exceptional and the salad bar like no other that I have experienced here in town.  The staff treated my children like royalty with their patient accommodations and even stopped a few times to engage in conversation with them (which is very meaningful to me as a parent).  I highly recommend this restaurant for anything from a romantic date, a family outing or a nice business meeting.  This local venue is an absolute treasure.
5	Great food and service!!
5	This review stems from sampling their food from Bite of Las Vegas so take it for what it's worth.We ordered the filet, shrimp wrapped in bacon, & fries. The filet was tender, fresh, & delicious! Anything wrapped in bacon is good, but the shrimp wrapped in bacon was AMAZING & it came on a small bed of rice w/ a simple sauce. The fries were ok & a bit greasy. This was our first time trying food here so we didn't see if it was being made fresh or not, but it tasted as if it was fresh & not sitting like other booths.If it tasted this good there, I can hardly wait to go eat at this place in person to get a full sense of the food & atmosphere. Def a place to check out for the food!
5	All you can eat steakhouse...Chicken, Turkey, Pork, and Steak. Delicious hot and  cold sides. The staff is outstanding. One of my new favorites in Las Vegas
2	Been here before and the food was really good. Was seriously looking forward to coming to a costume party tonight. We had a ton of other things going on, so we were very late. When we arrived, the party was hopping! They had hors d'oeuvres set up, and the bar was packed. I asked a waiter if the setup was all for us, the party goers, and he said yes. So, we grabbed a plate and some snacks and found a table. I went waited in line for the bartender,  who had to be flagged down by no less than three people, since I'm apparently invisible, even in full Victorian garb. Once I finally got our drinks, I returned to our table only to find a bill for $58 - for a freaking salad bar! Sixty bucks for a salad? Are you kidding me? I had yet to take a single bite, so I called over a waiter and asked him what was going on. Same one that told us the hors d'oeuvres were part of the party, only now he acted like I was dumb. Told him no way in Hell was I paying $60 for a salad bar. Especially since I hadn't even found the salad, only the hors d'oeuvres for the party. He called over a manager, and he told me that they weren't for us. What? We asked first!! Bitchy waitress chimed in and said we were picking food off other's plates. Um...we sat down with a party of people who offered us hors d'oeuvres. WTF? Ended up telling them to take the plates, now it's principle. Rude bartenders who ignore you, waiters who lie, $60 gold-plated salads, and mean waitresses. Damn.
5	Great atmosphere. The food is amazing and service even better. I have recommended Via Brasil to several friends, all have said the steakhouse is a classy place to enjoy a nice dinner. The sides and portions are plentiful and have signature taste. The blackened filet mignon absolutely wonderful. I loved every bite and have been back many times and ordered the same sides with dinner. We found our place. Great buffet!
5	We went for dinner last Saturday on a Groupon, the food was amazing,  the mussels in the salad bar were some of the best I've ever had, so tasty! The service was phenomenal, it truly was an enjoyable dining experience, we'll be going back soon.
4	I like to consider myself a Brazilian steakhouse junkie! I've been to every Brazilian steakhouse in town on more than one occasion to test out service and selection at different time of the year. Now I went here on a whim with my brother. I figured I have to give it a go even though I was really craving another fine steak Resteraunt. I must say it's definitely not bad. They salad bar has a nice selection, the meats are nicely prepared and the side dishes are suitable. Really the only thing lacking for me was depth of flavor in the meat selection. My rating is strictly based on flavor. Texas de Brazil has tastier meats and bananas as well as some sides that are lacking on this menu. But that's just personal preference! I definitely would go back and I would take a friend or family member. It's worth a try.
5	Everything about our dining experience was absolutely superb!  Outstanding service and some of the most delicious steak ever.  The salad bar is incredible too!  I highly recommend it.
5	Great job!!! Atmosphere is excellent the meat .... AWESOME!!! I would definitely make this my restaurant of choice. If you love meat and plenty of yummy sides this is the spot!!
3	It's been 4-5 years since I have been to Via Brasil and had no plans on coming back but my friend kept ranting and raving about how good it is,  so one day I was to lazy to go all the way to TDB so decides to give it one more shot.  I was disappointed again and paying nearly $50.00 was just not worth it. A few days later went to TDB and it was great as usual for the same price. The quality of the food and the ambiance is night and day. I have to say that I will definitely not be going to Via Brasil again!!!
5	For reference I've been to Fogo de Chao (Vegas and San Diego) and Rei del Gado (San Diego).I enjoy this place for their food and service.  I love the wide open setting of dinning and huge, huge TV in the center.  The hosts were very welcoming and accommodating by asking us if we wanted more plates or what meats we were wanting.  Hey, and with sooo much meat in my system they know to keep my water filled so I don't dehydrate from all the salt intake.As for the meats, I was lucky enough to sit near the kitchen and had first cuts right off the skewers!  I kept going back for garlic steak, prime rib and the house special.  Can't really go wrong with the other meats.  I was also slightly surprised that the flan for dessert was of very high quality.  Not too sweet and not that crappy bready texture some flans end up being.An all around great dining experience from service to food to decor.
4	Thanksgiving morning, Hubby calls to see if there is an opening for a lunch reservation.  Lucky for us, they had a lunch spot for us.  This place is very open and well lit with a bunch of windows bringing in the natural light.Hubby was super happy that there was a huge television that was playing the football game.. The food was great!  We were seated right by the kitchen so we pretty much had first dibs on any meats that came in the dining area.  So yummy!  I piled all the different types of meats on to my plate and just feasted!They had a salad bar with different types of salads.  They also had a cheese plate on the salad bar and they had a super yummy butternut squash soup.  I tried not to fill myself on salad bar items because I really wanted to enjoy the various meats they were bringing by.. The staff was super accommodating.  They were always ready and willing to answer any question we had and to help us in any way.  The toddler isn't a huge meat eater, but she enjoyed the sides that they provided us at the table.  She loved the bread and rice and broccoli.  This definitely a place I'd love to visit again when in Vegas.
5	Love this place!! My husband and I don't get to do date night often, but when we do we look for a quiet place, great service and exceptional food.   Via Brasil met all of that.  The food and service was impeccable and we left so stuffed because we tried a bit of everything and everything we tasted was fantastic!  We'll definitely be going back!
5	We are regulars at Via Brasil so it is definitely time I write a review for them.I love the ambiance of Via. It is dim but not dark. It is always very clean with unseated tables set for the next guest, never any dirty dishes sitting around.The water wall adds a nice touch and the televisions in the bar area are never too loud, if you can hear them at all.The salad bar is kept clean and stocked with many options to choose from. The Asparagus Risotto is my favorite but I haven't seen it the last few times we're been there.It doesn't matter where in the restaurant you are sitting, the gentlemen (Gauchos) with the meats will come to you with all of their offerings!They will carve a delicious portion of meat right off their skewer and directly onto your plate. All of the selections are hot and fresh.Charles and the flank steak are my favorite, followed very closely by Rodrigo and the prime rib. There are so many tasty meats to choose from, the price for lunch or dinner is well worth it!Be sure to try the signature Pichana (top sirloin), sliced rare to medium rare. So delicious!!Carol is a delightful hostess and always has a warm smile and a friendly word for us.Adam in the dining room is so warm and genuine.We love all of the staff at Via Brasil, no matter how long it is between visits, we are always treated like family.There is a reason we keep returning. It is not just the food but it is the staff!Thank you for being so awesome to us and Charles, thank YOU for honoring my special request on Christmas. Regardless of how busy you are, you always seem to find time to bring me some melted mozzarella and I adore you for that.Merry Christmas and a happy, safe, prosperous new year to all of our friends at Via Brasil! See you all again very soon!
5	Great selection of meats that comes by on skews...fill up till your hearts content.The staffs are great and the service is great!!Nonstop coming of both meat and request of food....lol..my tummy surrendered after an hour of devouring the meat and the rest of the food.Boy, when you give them a green light of the meat to come, they come like flies!!!And you better come here super hungry with lotsa spare to top it off with the desert!!!
5	This place had a very nice atmosphere and the staff did an excellent job of making sure we had anything we needed. Being able to make online reservations was a plus as this place was surprisingly busy for a Thursday night. Full menu was not readily served but all we had to do was ask the staff for it and it was out in a matter of minutes. We will definitely be making another visit to this wonderful establishment.
1	Horrible start to our New Years Eve 2014. Took nearly 50 minutes to get seated after our reservation time. We finally had to point out a table that had been sitting empty for over 20 mins to the host team. One of the main hostesses just rolled her eyes at the other hostess for not seeing it. We were finally seated at 11:10pm. We watched as one other lonely couple also waited as long as us because the hostess gave away their reservation. We witnessed "cousins of a waiter" (a party of over 15 people) getting sat without a reservation long before us. We gazed at three empty tables in the bar- which would've suited us fine- but nobody was smart enough to come up with an easy solution. All we really wanted to do was sit down and eat and enjoy time with our friends that were visiting. Where was management in all of this? I started to feel sorry for the staff, all of whom seemed entirely overwhelmed and tossed to the wolves.A staff member told us that the Manager was too busy waiting on tables and leaving other waiters high and dry with very few tables on this incredibly busy evening. A manager never checked in with us at all the entire night, even after we expressed our dissatisfaction to our server- Girardo. He did the best he could and was pleasant enough. The food was okay but the $80 fixed price NYE meal was a big joke, and I would not recommend it to others. The sides were pathetic. The top sirloin was very good. The whole experience was rushed, which was unfortunate as we were trying to spend a nice evening out with out-of-town guests. We had to rush and get everything we wanted from the salad bar before they took it all away right before midnight and changed to desserts. One of my friend's is a vegetarian, so she was counting on another trip up but before we knew it it had been whisked away.Very hard to justify a $360 bill for four people after the bad start to our dining experience. Over half the restaurant brought their children and they were all running wild all night long. I understand that some families want to be together on NYE, but would you let them go crazy like that on a normal visit to Via Brasil? The music was entirely too loud, we couldn't hear each other at the table. All in all, we couldn't wait to get out of this place and never come back. Definitely leaving Via Brasil in 2013. We won't be back- EVER.
2	I came here many years ago and used to love it. My family and I came here recently and the meat was TOO salty. We thought it was a one time thing and decided to go again, and again the meat was too salty and two of us got sick. Whatever you guys did, change it back!!!
5	I attended the New Year's Eve event, and the food, service, and atmosphere were as good as always! The salad bar alone is worth going for - delicious and filling. But the selection and quality of meat is out of this world. The staff is always consistently friendly and courteous. Added to this the fun night on New Year's Eve - busy, lively, and an all-around good crowd of people. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone!
4	I really enjoyed my meal. The endlees parade of handsome men bringing me food helped too!
5	Great food & service! I've been to many Brazilian steakhouses but I would have to say Via Brasil Steakhouse is my favorite. They always have specials & deals which makes it affordable for me to be able to enjoy this type of restaurant. All the food is delicious & I find myself making about 5-8 trips back up to the salad bar. The meat is always cooked to perfection..have to try every single 1 at least once :D
5	This was my first time here..we chose it for the happy hour ..perfect place to hang out with the girls loved the atmosphere. .tapas were delicious. .and the sangria was my favorite. .great service will surely be back
5	I love this place! Awesome food and service. Unending supply of perfectly seasoned meats. Chef Michael really knows how to do it.
1	Ugh, Valentine's Day service! So many reasons to HATE this place. Here's why: Arrived in time for our dinner reservation at 9pm, only to be lied to constantly about the wait time. Wait time? With a reservation??? Apparently so. We hung out at the bar with a lot if other angry people with delayed reservations. Management came and went, never really providing much of an update and obviously had little concern for what was going on. We heard cuss words. Not very professional at all. Since we were seated about an hour late, the salad bar was beyond picked over. There wasn't much left and it was messy. The side dishes were skimpy. The spinach was salty. Other sides were ok but very small. The meat servers never seemed to make it to our table. They circled through the tables on the same pattern, and always ran out of meat just before our table. Awesome. In an hour, we had only been served meat three times. Wow. I checked in on Yelp, which offered a free dessert, only to be told that they would NOT honor the free check in coupon because it was a "holiday". Well....THEN WHY DO you HAVE a check in coupon?!?! The dessert we did have was disappointing (watery Tiramisu). We have been to all the Brazilian style steakhouses in Vegas, and loved it. Viva does NOT do Brazilian steakhouses justice. In fact, the poor service and bad food make the other steakhouses more appealing. Viva makes McDonalds look appealing. I can honestly say that we will NEVER be back and we will tell all our friends, family and coworkers about our horrible experience here. Cannot believe this restaurant will be in business much longer treating customers like this. HORRIBLE.
5	Awesome environment! I personally LOVE buffets, but I also love the fine dining industry. Via Brazil was the perfect mix of the two and would have to rank one of my favorite restaurant experiences of 2014! With over 20 different varieties of meat, waiters walk around the restaurant with different selections in hand and gracefully offer to cut off a piece of your likings as many times as you please! There are no menus to make it simple, the salad bar has a great variety of salads, pastas, fruits, cheeses and condiments.  You are given three sides to go with your unlimited fancy of meat, and salad bar choices. So much fun, the employees are great as everyone has a welcoming attitude. If your looking for a new kind of dinning experience, this is the place to be, in the heart of Summerlin!
5	This is ten times better the Texas de Brazil.  The salad bar is awesome but be warned that if you do partake you wont enjoy the best meats around.  In my opinion Skip the chicken and pork and just enjoy the red meat because it's the best.  The server assistant James made our experience amazing!  If not for him I fear the night may have been a failure.  Our server captain kept forgetting things and james fixed every bad situation. He went above and beyond for us and should be made a captain immediately.  A great personality and work ethic!
3	For the price, too many interruptions during the meal. But hey, that's their claim to fame, right?  And the food's not that good.
5	Better than Fogo.I have eaten at 8 different Fogos. I have eaten at 20 or more off brand non fogo style places. Generally I always come away thinking "should of gone to fogo".Via Brasil is the first place where I have come away thinking "better than fogo". I will assume you are familliar with the concept of a churascaria and not explain the concept and what not, here is a point by point break down of item/winner. The service at both is excellent blah blah blahCheese bread- Fogo. Via tends to be a little drier and the individual cheesey poofs are smaller. They are also not served as piping hot.Lime aid- fogo by defaultBlack Beans- fogo- actually has linguica/pork in it. Other sides- Via and it isn't close. They have way more options (including Yucca fries, street food etc).Caipirinha- Fogo. It is more consistent, comes in a nicer solid feeling glass, and they dont have fruit flavored options which is a plus.MeatPicanha- this is just about the only meat that fogo wins. While picanha at Via can be great, it is inconsistent where as every single god damned time it comes around at fogo it is life altering.Beef Rib- Via. It is never dried out, and since this is one of my favorites I view it as pretty important.Bottom sirloin- my other favorite- fogo. They have similar cuts at Via occassionally but no salt encrusted cheap ass bottom sirloin... god its so goodTop Sirloin/Alcatra- Via- it comes thicker here which means you can still get more slices that have a crust and are medium/rareSausage/Linguica- FogoPork Ribs- i never get these at either place, mediocre alwaysParmesan Pork- Fogo by defaultFrango/Bacon rapped- Via- oftne when i get these at fogo the bacon is not cooked/crisp but the meat is over cooked- a sure sign that they have been left in too long away from the fire. Not so at viaLamb- I don't relaly eat this either when there is so much beef available but dining companions tell me fogo is betterRibeye and Garlic Beef- these are very similar and both are better at Via
5	We really enjoyed dinner, from the salad bar the all meats and shrimp the food was outstanding!  The wait staff might be the best in all of Las Vegas and that is saying a lot!    On Sundays they serve a Brunch that is priced at $24.99 and if you load there app you can get brunch for 19.99.  Just an amazing place!!!!!!
3	This is an a-ok spot. The prices are outstanding. The offerings are diverse. But the quality is lackluster.The space itself is nice. Very open with an understated, modern feel. Not too fancy, not too casual. The service is good. Not outstanding, but good.I was here for brunch. Again, the prices are fab. Less than $25 for AYCE salad bar, meats, omelettes, benedicts, and waffles. And then an additional $15 for all you can drink bloody marys, mimosas, bellinis, etc. Needless to say, I filled up fast.The salad bar is on the small side, but I liked that they also had hot offerings, incluidng a lobster bisque soup, steamed clams, and rigatoni alla vodka. The vodka sauce was quite delicious.For the meats, there were numerous offerings. A couple were really good. Others were just ok. And others were eh, I'll just leave the rest of it sitting here on the my plate. Unlike some of the competitors, Via Brasil has warm pineapple, ham, chicken, turkey, etc. But the red meat is truly what it's all about - and it's what tastes the best IMHO.If you somehow still manage to have room after all that food, there is also a dessert cart where you can select from an array of desserts, I had the cheesecake. The cheesecake itself was fine, but the berries were a bit too tart for my liking (and I love tart and sour things too). I'm not sure there's really a point to getting dessert here.In the end, I'm still a bigger fan of a competitor place. But I can definitely see myself coming here again for brunch.
5	Amazing food!  Prompt service!!  Comfortable atmosphere!!  Can't say enough good things about this place.  First visit here and DEFINITELY will be here again very soon!
5	The place is great for friends family or date night with your special someone..Te service is great on point. Got try out the variety of their salad bar and the meats are cooked to perfection.. The lamb, prime rib , shrimp, and sweet chicken are amazing but the bacon wrap filet is the best .. Can't wait to come and try more
5	Service was incredible.  Everyone friendly and with a sense of humor.The food was amazing.  The meats kept coming and I didn't want to turn the card to red.  I tried about everything they had.  The salad bar and sides were also nice, offering great accompaniments to the meats.For dessert we had the bananas flambe.  This was the BEST dessert I have ever had anywhere.  Trust me, you HAVE to get this at some point.  The presentation and taste of this is on a different level.Overall, the people, atmosphere and food make this a place I want to go to again and again.  Also, I am anxious for the brunch which seems great
4	I decided not to make firm plans for my boyfriends Bday dinner because I wasnt sure if he would be back in town. We had no problem getting a last minute table here on a Sat night. The staff was all very nice and helped to make the evening a success. The Salad Bar: 2 stars... Not super fresh. I normally love lobster bisque but this tasted condensed. The bread: Very good! Meat selection. I certainly didnt see 18 choices... The ribs were AMAZING!! I was happy I could have rare and it was all cooked perfectly. Sides: Cooked to order. Asparagus was a little undercooked. Dessert: Awesome! You must try the Truffles. Wine: Decent selectionSurroundings: Def not a "romantic" vibe... I wouldnt take a date here. Service: 10000 stars :)What it is missing... Something to make it "special". Sauces for the meats would be nice as well. I had to have A-1 for the first time since I moved to Vegas because they have no house sauces. Overall, I probably wouldn't go back unless I had a coupon or I was invited there. It was good but it didnt blow me away.
5	Service was wonderful! Fidel, Anna, and Ashley were incredibly kind and accommodating. We loved the filet mignon sliders and asparagus risotto. The cocktails were good too- but a little on the sweet side. If you're into sweet cocktails, try the x-rated or passion fruit caipirinha, or the strawberry kiwi sangria. If you want a less sweet cocktail, try the lime caipirinha. My fav cocktail was the fortified sangria (it's spiked with brandy and rum)...mmmm
5	By far my favorite Brazilian restaurant in Vegas. Fogo de Chao is good, but Via Brazil is better! if you are looking for the best steakhouse in Vegas you found it! Via Brazil!Let me know how you like it after reading my review :) I bet you won't be disappointed...Order "Garlic Picanha,"  "Salgadinhos" and a "Caipirinha" to drink.
5	My all time favorite place in Vegas area. I go there for special occasions. Always happy with their meat selections and salad bar.
4	The food was great.  Everything was cooked to perfection. The only negative I have is that they weren't prepared for the big parties that came with Easter Brunch. We'd arrived early for our reservation and had waited outside on their patio. They'd gotten confused with our reservation because we found that we had 1 more child so a party of 10 instead of 9 so they switched our reservation with another party and didn't explain the confusion or switch. There did seem to be a bit of disorganization which was quickly remedied when pointed out. All in all, a good experience but with some room for improvement.
4	Good food and service. Easter Brunch was very good.
5	Exceptional happy hour good and drinks!Mussels and risotto are superb! Sirloin steak burgers are not to be missed!! Sangria is delicious  and potent!!!the wait staff is attentive and personable. The manager, Adam, is running a very delightful experience at Via Brazil! Kudos!! Via Brazil steakhouse is a great experience.
4	Happy hour! We were looking for a nice patio happy hour that would be A-OK for our little guy too and we found one.Many many many choices. Big happy hour menu. We had calamari, lobster bisque, asparagus lemon risotto, Brazilian cheese rolls, and a sampler of fried goodies including meatballs and shrimp empanadas. We also sampled red sangria, passion fruit mojito, caiphirina and wine. And topped it all off with chocolate mousse. $54 for 4 cocktails and loads of food with leftovers to take home. Everything was delish. The fried items were slightly indistinguishable from one another but tasty nonetheless. Calamari was cooked perfectly with two yummy dipping sauces. Bisque was salty, rich and dreamy. The cheese rolls are especially delightful soaked in the aforementioned bisque. Chocolate mousse was rich and creamy. We had a lovely cushioned sofa and table on the patio. The service was great. Very friendly and over attentive. We will definitely be back, and soon!
5	Great food. Excellent customer service. Could not get through all the meats. Will get the rest of the meats on next visit.
5	I LOVE this place AND the staff. We have been coming here the last 5 years and they treat us like family every time we arrive. They are so kind to my little girl and treat her like a princess the entire time. The food? Absolutely delicious. Especially the corn-on-the-cob and the Blush Pasta they provide at the Salad Bar (my only complaint is I wish they made it more often).  But the meat is mouth watering, freshly cooked, and still sizzling when it gets to your table. This is by far one of the best restaurants in town and you'd be a fool not to try them out!
1	Horrible horrible service..we made a reservation for 11:30. It is now 12:05. We are still waiting.I understand it is mothers day and it is busy but when we asked anna at the hostess stand why it is taking so long she told us we could dine somewhere else if we want. Rude, unprofessional, we will never be back. Also it is very hard for me to write a bad review. I only write good reviews. That's how bad this experience was..we are now at Texas de Brazil. Your loss anna
1	Made a reservation at 11:30 to take my wife for Mother's day.  This place was a fiasco. Very unorganized and understaffed for being a busy day.  We waited 45 minutes past our reservation.  We got a bunch of excuses as to why we were not being sat. Anna was rude and obviously overwhelmed with taking care of a large crowd.  She may want to apply at McDonald's. She is definitely out of her league here.  Was a shame. Was looking forward to eating here since we read other reviews about the food. The service was so bad we left and went to another steak house.
4	I try not to hand out 5 stars until I've consistently had a great experience. But this place is on track for the extra star, as based on our experience this weekend, the fella' and I will be back.When trying to pick out where to eat, I could tell that steak was what was calling to my dinner partner. He picked out this place, and we went on a whim. So Saturday evening, no reservation, we just walk up to the booth and ask for a table. Gal doesn't bat an eye, and offers us a table immediately. She does pause to check and make sure we're okay with a high traffic area next to the buffet, but we aren't picky and it was next to a beautiful towering wine rack.  Due to the odd location of our table, I think we were overlapped on our server, as we had two different guys coming by to check in and joke with us. They didn't overlap too much though and it just meant we had great service! I've never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse, so I can't compare with other places. But generally, the servers were super welcoming and informative, the salad bar average to good and ohmygosh the delicious meat just kept coming. They had certain items that kept swinging by, but the guys would also check in to see if we wanted to try anything specific off the menu. We had purchased the shorter list of meats, but we didn't even make it through the whole taster list. What I did try was delicious.I didn't knock any stars off for this next bit. I know that I tend to be a perfectionist, so don't expect any place to completely satisfy me. But, just in case, here's my 'eh' list. =The salad bar had some delicious items. (Charcuterie board/endive goat cheese) But there was a lot of stuff that I didn't try because I didn't want to fill up on average looking stuff. Not bad looking at all, just higher end average. Of what I did try, the only eh was the Greek Salad roll thing , which was kind of odd. The meat was actually kind of an afterthought and sort of hamburger like in consistency. =The Brazilian Sausage: Compared to all of the delicious cuts of meat, it was kind of tough and not worth the room it took up in my stomach. I think if it were part of a breakfast meal or an appetizer in another style restaurant, it would be really good, so this one's just a major personal preference. I can see why it's on the menu, it's just not for me. = The chicken was just a hair on the dry side. This is being super nitpicky though, as it had great flavor. Like, I wish that we weren't so full so I could have had a full piece instead of splitting it with my fella'. Now that the 'eh' stuff is out of the way, the great list:=The cuts of meat were tender, flavorful and even though we didn't bother getting any sauces, they stood well on their own. I especially loved the tri-tip, but everything we tried was a well made presentation of the cut. I enjoyed that they were easily able to give me medium rare and my fella' could get the disgustingly rare slices that he loves as we've had many struggles with those requests at lesser restaurants. Also, the bacon wrapped turkey is an unexpected treat, so even though it isn't a red meat, I'd highly recommend trying it. = The 'courtesy breads'/fired mozzarella, as well as the grilled mushrooms that we ordered as a side were tasty. I only regret that there is so much food I had a hard time eating more than a few bites of anything and tried so little from the side menu.  =The Rigatoni Ala Vodka from the salad bar was spectacular. I love Vodka sauce and have had an 'eh' experience with a few higher end chain Italian place lately. My first bite was an entirely unexpected delight. I earnestly wished that I was just in an italian restaurant so I could devour a plate of the stuff, but sufficed with the token amount I'd procured to taste. = Service was amazing. I never lacked for food, water or attention. I also really loved the decor. Something about the large open space and pseudo-Greco Roman accents just vibed with me. Plus, in our little odd table, I felt like I had the whole place to myself and it was refreshing. =The dark Brazilian beer had a rich, full bodied taste. I was a little sceptical of a bottled beer, but I didn't regret choosing it over a glass of wine, as it had a great flavor that complimented the meats. =MMM! Passionfruit Mousse. It was the perfect end to the rich meal. Light, flavorful and it melted in my mouth. I was glad I had restrained myself from digging in so I could have a little space for a treat at the end.
5	Oh my God!!!! If you havent been here or any other brazilian steak house you BETTER go!.....and i mean now!!! Where to start.....the decor is perfect, the concept of you having unlimited access to all the gourmet & fine meats cooked to your specifications is exquisite. The fact that every waiter in the establishment comes over with a different cut of meat for you to take blows me away.This is no buffet folks, this is not even a classy restaurant, this is truly an UPSCALE dining experience and you will be hard pressed to have food this tasty!!!!!!!!!!
5	Caipirinhas are exceptional!! Mushroom Risotto with roasted chicken is divine. The asparagus risotto was heavenly!  Service is exceptional beyond words- be sure to say Hi to Adam, the manager.  Via Brazil is a must stop in Vegas!! Don't miss the World Cup there on large screens. the menu will be from the country playing that day!! Take an hour and come in and enjoy!!
5	Bottomless Sunday Brunch done right!  This spot is among the best of the competitors around town.  It's my personal favorite anyhow.  Service is impeccable and the food is just as delicious as dinner.  $25 gets you a choice of 6-8 rodizio meats including the picanha, the salad/soup bar, omelettes, waffles, and benedicts.  For $18 you can take advantage of their bottomless drinks that include bloody marys, champagne, mimosas, strawberry bellinis, and spritzers.  Relax, you can mix it up with your drink choices on the bottomless ticket.***Deal Alert*** Download the LoyalBlocks app on your phone, which yields a $5 reusable discount for brunch.
4	Great Happy Hour.  The flank steak and chimichurri sauce were amazing and the cocktails were great, but dangerous - they went down way too easily.
5	Absolutly amazing food and customer service!!! I highly recommend this place. Steak picana was perfect and the fried bananas were cooked to perfection. High quality food and service. A+
5	My new favorite place!! Only $38.99 for the rodizio dinner and that includes like 18 different meats and the salad/mini pasta bar and all the sides made to order, for like $10 more you get 5 more meats including the lamb...but the salmon was my fav! There wasn't one single thing I didn't like...even the fried bananas were amazing. The staff was friendly and my waiter James was amazing and on it! Will def return!
5	My company hosted a dinner here last night and we were totally impressed and grateful to Anna! We had to organize the dinner in a little over a week for about 150 people and Anna did a fantastic job helping us out! The food was delicious the restaurant was awesome the customer service was right on... everything went perfect... Thank you Anna for everything you did from setting up the tables to making sure everyone was eating what they wanted... I really appreciate you and your staff!
4	good service, good food, good atmosphere.... happy hour food and drinks are a great deal. I got the vbs filet mignon tournedo. Great meal, perfect combo with the heart of Palm sauce meat was a little over done but good. Calamari was awesome as well as the bacon wrapped shrimp... Karens a great waitress with awesome customer service. Accommodates each customer professionally. Any problems the owner takes care of it quickly and professionally... Will be coming back here soon. Great restaurant.
5	Very good food, great customer service.  Very rare we give big tips these days but this place deserves one so leaving a big tip and positive feedback!!!
5	This restaurant is gorgeous and has EXCELLENT food and service.  Great quality of meats and even the salad bar rocks!  They have a wonderful lobster bisque (who would have thought) and a really good rigatoni ala vodka on the bar in addition to numerous other cold and warm items.  For meats, what a selection!  My favorites are the garlic steak and the prime rib.  My husband loves the filet wrapped in bacon and the tri-tip.  Definitely try the garlic bread...YUM!  This was our first time in here and will not be our last.  James, our server, was fabulous!  We will ask for him again!  GREAT place!  Better than all of the strip buffets, far better quality and service.
5	Great food and great service. Bartenders were very sweet and attentive! We got there at 8 on a Saturday and they had a nice menu for happy hour.  5.00 appetizers and the drink prices were cheaper. Not expensive but on the higher side, with that said, the drink were wonderful!
4	Our initial trip to this highly rated (Zagat) Churrascaria did not begin well when the greeter did not seat us immediately or even after 10 minutes despite the fact that we had a reservation.  Three parties who arrived after us were seated ahead of us. Explanation given was that they wanted to clear a nice table for us....hmmm.  A comped desert from the manager soothed our feelings however. These style of Brazilian steakhouses which have sprung up around the country in recent years charge about $40 -$50 for an endless serving of 20 or 30 different types of grilled beef, lamb, chicken and fish. You basically strap on your feed bag and let 'er rip.  Quality of the meat in these establishments is hit or miss and quantity comes before quality here.  Lots of sides are included.  The meal is actually pretty good if you contain yourself and select the different cuts of meat wisely. At Via Brazil, we liked the filet mignon wrapped in bacon, the NY strip, the chicken drumsticks, the beef ribs, the flank steak, and grilled asparagus.  Suggest you avoid the garlic steak and tri tip -- tough and chewy during our visit. Some of the meats were over seasoned -- too salty -- and the cooks need to have slightly gentler hands on their salt shakers. A salad bar is included and I would say it was average at best and inferior to what we have experienced at Fogo de Chao and Texas de Brazil, two competitor chains. The selection of cold and hot salads was not as varied and numerous as we have seen elsewhere. The selections they did have were tasty and fresh however. Our party of three ordered the Sterling meal and the Prime meal plus an ala carte salad and fish entree.  The Sterling meal costs an extra 10 dollars and there are premium meat selections (lamb chops, shrimp, NY strip) that come with it. In my opinion, worth it. A pretty good meal and pretty good table service and I recommend Via Brazil without reservation.  Decent value for a good meal, not perfect but a nice restaurant nonetheless.
4	Had dinner at via Brazil steakhouse, first time there. Impressed with nice spread and variety on salad bar so much that we decided to skip the roaming waiters with their luscious cuts of meat, poultry and fish. Will have to come back for that part of the menu!  The service was excellent, very friendly and accommodating servers! They also have a great cocktail bar setting and a Sunday brunch that is well worth the small price!!
5	All you can eat, delicious beautiful meat.The cheesebread is incredible.The salad bar is fantastic and full of great cheeses and fancy niblits.All the waiters are quick and snappy. And definitely nice.The meat servers are also on a constant roll.Atmosphere is casually laidback yet exciting in a way.The prime rib. Holy crap. The prime rib. The best. I wouldn't mind a little horseradish on the side, but man even just alone it's so tasty.I also love love the chicken hearts.But it's all good. Meat lovers rejoice!!!!:)
4	First time at this restaurant.   Came here with a large party and service was good.  We all ordered the Rodizio dinner It was a little difficult for the servers with the meat to get around the corners of our table, but overall did a great job.  The salad bar is pretty large with a nice spread of items to choose from.  A wide variety of meats and cuts were available.  Initially, it was hard to enjoy the food due to the interruptions from all the different meats coming out.  It is a bit overwhelming for the first-timers to this type of dining, but I would definitely go back.  The bacon wrapped turkey, the bbq pork, and the tri-tip are among my favorites.  I had the Creme broulee for dessert and it was very good too.
5	Really liked it! The meats were the best, delicious & tender! The lobster bisque was amazing! They have a waffle/egg bar, we had a waffle prepared while we waited, so warming and delicious! The best service ever, quick and friendly! Great Sunday Brunch for the price! We'll be back!
5	Last night me and my husband went to one of our favorite restaurants, Via Brasil Steakouse. We like to visit Via Brasil a few times a month because the food is always delicious and fresh. The food is always amazing but this time was even better (we found out that they just hired a new head chef). I decided to get the salad bar this time & it came with a fish of the day, which was a salmon with a Lilikoi sauce and it was so good! My mouth is watering just thinking about it - Can't wait to see you guys in a couple weeks :)
5	The service is top notch and that alone will make me want to come back and eat here again. The food quality is delicious! All the meat selections were so delicious. If you love meat and all you can eat then this the perfect place for you.
5	Excellent customer service!!! The staff take care of you well making sure you get the meat you love and care you deserve.  Get up and they'll refold napkin. They do it all. The garlic steak is awesome. Save room for dessert because they have some great choices. I will definitely be back.
5	I don't care how hungry you are you will always surrender before they run out of food. Don't fill up on the salads and sides just let the meat keep coming and you keep eating. Save up and come hungry I think you'll enjoy it.
1	Horrible experience!  Starting with the waiter requiring a credit card to be held "hostage" for each party that wanted separate checks even if we planned to pay cash..  There were 8 people in my party for happy hour.   I have been to this restaurant several times for Happy Hour in the 3 years I have lived in Las Vegas.  They have recently advertised their restaurant quite aggressively.  I will not (nor will the other people in my group) be going back again.  After sitting there for almost an hour and repeatedly asking waiter for a drink (even water would have been nice), we finally got our drinks.  I ordered a Corona with lime and was brought a Stella something or other...not what I ordered.  Others ordered wine and were served something  other than what they ordered. The food orders were all mixed up. Some people got their food right away and were finished eating before others even received their food. Then when we tried to pay our tabs and leave, the waiter brought the wrong credit card to the person asking for hers (scary!)  We asked for the manager who took 30 minutes to come to the table.  We were trying to explain our frustration, but she was looking over our heads at the table next to ours because they were complaining to the waiter as well.  She never once tried to make things right.  I asked for my credit card and my check.  She said she had to run my credit card first.  I told her I never I intended to use my credit card for payment, that I was paying cash, and that the waiter was holding my credit card "hostage".  All in all, it was a terrible experience and neither I nor my friends will be back to this restaurant.
5	Superior flavor, superior quality. Expect to spend about $80 with drinks , tax, and tip.  Pace yourself and plan for 90 minutes to two hours. Save room for dessert... Or don't. Get such wonderful side dishes as collard greens and fried banana... Or don't. Start with a delicious assortment of salad bar items... Or don't. If you want to, just gorge yourself on the sexy, luscious, delicious, beautiful roasted meats. Be prepared to be pampered by a highly-attentive staff. This restaurant could easily be on everybody's "top 10" list for several reasons: price is acceptable when accounting for the highest quality meats, authentic Brazilian side dishes (ask your server), well-stocked bar, and highly-attentive staff.If you are limiting your caloric intake, are a persnickety price-conscious coupon clipper, pressed for time, out for a quick bite, or just a person who is dissatisfied in general, you probably would not enjoy this restaurant. If you respect the value of quality, and the entire Brazilian churrascuria experience, this restaurant is better than others in the Las Vegas valley because of the taste and quality of the meats and the staff.Serves Glen Morangie single-malt scotch and Stella Artois in the bottle, among many many other alcoholic and non-alcoholic choices.Desserts include (among others) caramel flan, chocolate mousse, brigedeiro's ,and cheesecake.Coffee is strong and delicious.This restaurant earns top accolades.
2	2.2 stars.  Sorry, but no.  Excellent service of low quality, way over-salted food.  Salad bar had three kinds of lettuce but a very strange selection of other items.  I was trying to figure out just how to make a regular ol' salad with baby gerkins, radishes, and lettuce...is that a salad?  Not to me.  There weren't even any onions!  There were quite a few flies though.  Several were buzzing around the salad bar.  A few visited us over at our table, too.  Salmon and clams were very fishy smelling.  Even after drenching my seafood in lemon, I couldn't eat more than one bite of each due to the overwhelming fishiness.  I feel bad fo the staff here.  They are trying very hard at this labor intensive set-up.  It's not their fault they have to serve such horrid crap but they do it with a smile.  $40 per person on this low quality for the Prime Rodizio is WAY over the top.  If they had more volume, they'd be able to turn the quality up and the price down.I had a $15 gift card that I got in the mail, so we tried it.  Not worth it, even with the discount.  I am a foodie and regularly spend anywhere from $20-$200 per meal with no alcohol.  I can aslo handle McDonalds.  I could not handle Via Brasil.  I got a severe headache the next day, rare for me, which I believe is from the abundace of salt that I ate at Via Brasil.  Fortunatley, it went away after I guzzled lots of water.I won't be able to go back to Via Brasil and I cannot recommend it.
5	What a great Brazillian Steakhouse right in Summerlin. LOVE the Sunday Brunch! The brunch is a great value ($19.99 for adults if you join the e-club) and the Brunch has: Breakfast food, Salad Bar.....and of course the MEATS! They also have grilled pineapple which is awesome. If you do the Brunch.....ask for a "Filet Mignon Benedict" and be prepared to have a little slice of Heaven. This place is very similar to Texas de Brazil, but I think its more affordable and the atmosphere is more laid back. Dinner is a little more.....around $40 per adult, but the food is always GREAT and I have been here many, many times.....never a bad experience.
5	As I am comparing this Brazilian churrascaria to the many I have experienced in Brazil, Portugal, and Ironbound, NJ.The Big Beef Rib was the BEST meat offered from a cart at your table side. I enjoyed the sides that come along with your meal. I have been to this restaurant 3 times and they are always improving their place to keep you coming back.I love it for their personable and professional service and the ambience.Service is incredible and the salad bar is excellent, but it could be better!I really had the feeling of Brazilian hospitality dining here.I gave this place 5 stars because it's the best between Texas de Brazil and Fogo de Chao, but it's far from the strip.Muito Obrigado!
4	Overall just a very nice experience.  The service is very good and the wait staff is extremely attentive and polite.  There weren't any meats I didn't like though some were better than others.  The salad bar was okay.  The sides were not that good.  Nice, extensive wine list.
4	We checked it out last Friday. We went to see the place we wanted to feel the atmosphere and try out the food before we pay in for an all you can eat. I ordered a Pomegranate Sangria which was fantastic and a Mushroom risotto with chicken to die for however my husband tried the caprese salad and the filet mignon sliders they were both disappointing - the portion was tiny and only came with 2 tiny sliders and some fries...The bartender Roberta was really nice and she help me to choose the best for my happy hour :) Thank you!
5	Out of all the Brazilian style restaurants that my fiancee and I have visited, we must say that this one is at the top of the list.  The food was fresh, and delicious.  They even had salmon.  Most of the Brazilian steakhouse either do not offer fish or make you pay more for fish.  We also loved the fried mozzarella with the garlic bread, yum!  They have a small salad bar compared to others, but the options are different and you have a nice variety of soups, sides, and salad toppers.  We also loved the many side dishes that we can order with our meats:  rice, beans, veggies, mashed potatoes, fries, and I know I'm leaving out a few, but look at how many you can have.  And its all included in the price.  Some places only offer you bread, bananas, and mashed potatoes.  They also have two areas where you can have large groups, receptions, etc.  I think we might have found where we are going to have a rehersal dinner.  Its perfect and everyone can enjoy some great food.
5	We stopped in on a Saturday night to sit outside and enjoy the perfect weather and to our surprise there was plenty of room. Ordering from the Happy Hour menu (5pm-8pm) we shared the Wedge Salad, Filet Mignon Sliders and side of fries. Everything was great -- the perfect amount of food (not too much!) and we were in an out quickly. Great job!
5	Great food with a friendly atmosphere. Wait staff was extremely friendly and attentive, and the meats flowed like the Salmons of Capatstrana. It is a little on the pricy side,  but as a once in a while special occasion place, it hits the mark. The variety and depth of the menu allow you to try so many things that I really felt like we got our monies worth. So, Via Brasil,  we to see you at the next anniversary or birthday to celebrate in style.
4	I love their huge selections on happy hour menu about 30+ items. Their prices are decent. Some of them includes Beef Carpaccio for $4.50; Mediterranean Chicken $5.50; Beef Satays for $5.50 and Cured Meat & Cheese,ie Chef's selection of cured meats & cheeses for $7.50.I had the Salgadinhos, (Assorted Brazilian Appetizers) Breaded minced chicken, Shrimp empanada, Brazilian meatballs & fried cheese. I also had the Saffron Mussels- Mussels, roasted peppers, caramelized onion in a saffron broth. $5.00. The server was attentive and the food & drinks were good. One of the server photo-bombed us 3times, it was so funny.
5	Excellent food!!! An amazing variety of meats, excellent sides!!!! The service is superb too!!!!
5	New York strip, salmon with honey sauce, and everything that had bacon wrapped around it was phenomenal!! We will be back!
3	First off I will say I love Via Brazil as far as the food quality. I praise Via Brazil to everyone I know saying how great the quality of meat and salad bar drinks and dessert. Also, the facility is beautiful but the service is "okay" overall everyone is very nice but I was very disappointed the last time I was there.On 11/7/14 (Friday night) I made reservations for my a birthday dinner for my boyfriend and his father... I called the day before making the reservation. Lets just say it was a process. I was put on hold for a moment after letting them know I needed to make a reservation, all fine and dandy right? A moment later a woman got on the phone with a very thick accent. As I was giving my information she could hardly understand what I was saying. I had to spell out every word. She started to get frustrated and I could tell so I asked if there was someone else I could talk to, she put me on hold without saying anything and another woman got on the phone. This lady spoke better English and the process sped up. Near the end of the conversation I let the second lady know that it was going to be a birthday celebration and specifically gave her the names of the two men. We arrived there early so decided to have a seat at the bar before dinner. The bartender was very nice and told the boys happy birthday after I had mentioned it. (2nd person I told) Then we went to our table and the dinner was very good as usual. After dinner they bring around a display of desserts that you can choose from. I thought maybe you have to pick a dessert then they put in a candle or something. I then loudly announced "birthday boys what would you like" as the waiter was standing next to our table. I casually said maybe some cheesecake? The waiter left & we were waiting for the celebration, instead the waiter brought the check which in total we spent over $300 and told us to have a good night...As you can see there was no birthday celebration, candle, song, or anything of that nature.. VERY DISSAPOINTING.When we were walking out my boyfriends mother and I approached the front desk person and let them know that we did not receive any birthday dedication and we were sadly disappointed seeing how I specifically made the reservations for this occasion and not to mention spend over 300 dollars!! She then said "im sorry, next time"........Next time?? We did not make a scene or call the manager but I know now not to use this place for celebration. The customer service overall was rough and I thought for a higher end steakhouse we would get some type of acknowledgement.
5	This place is our favorite "go to" place when it comes to deeeelicious Brazilian style steakhouse meats. By far we've noticed compared to other places in Vegas that here the meat is better and the items offered on the side and at the salad bar are a lot better than other places. Each time we've been the service has been great and the servers are there to overfill you with all the meats they have to offer. We will definitely be returning sometime soon in the very near future I'm sure. Besides its away from all the hustle and bustle on or near the strip, very very nice atmosphere, no doubt.
4	Being a virgin to Brazilian style steakhouse dining, I was a bit nervous. This place is great! GO HUNGRY! There are soooo many meats that you will be so stuffed. Take time and enjoy it. We were in a party of 6 so the waiters were constantly circling through offering the next meat. At times it was overwhelming, but once you get the hang of it (flipping your card to start/stop service) it was pretty fun! Definitely recommend.
1	I wish there was a negative rating because if there was this place would get it! Worst experience at a Brazilian Steakhouse, ever. My husband paid the extra $$ to get the "best" meat, of which he got none. Our waiter was amenable until my husband started asking where the chicken hearts and Leg of Lamb were, then he was conspicuously absent. After asking three different people for these items the manager showed up. Things went from bad to worse. He proceeded to make inane excuses and argue with my husband as to why the chicken hearts etc were not being served. About this time the "leg of lamb" appeared. Leg of lamb it was not. My husband knows leg of lamb. It got so ridiculous we ask for our check, with still no apology, and proceeded to leave. On the way out I stopped to get the name of the owner so I could complain. I noticed the girl was looking over my shoulder I turned in time to see the manager gesturing to her! He rushed over at this point and told me he was the owner and to take our business elsewhere! No problem $158 down the drain. If this gentleman was the owner I feel sorry for the employees and anyone who dares to venture into this ripoff, sorry excuse for a Brazilian Steakhouse. Would we return? NO!
5	Ther service was friendly and courteous the food was excellent and the Best thing was that the owners participated in greeting guests personally and working alongside their friendly staff
4	My friends and I went to Via Brazil a couple of weeks ago and enjoyed ourselves tremendously.   We are from out of town and had heard from local friends that this was a good place to go.  I wasn't too sure because I had this idea that this was a place that was all meat, and I was not disappointed, IT IS!!  I love, love, love vegetables, pastas, salads, and also meat, but this comes when I feel like it.  I looked at their menu online and thought "it might not be so bad" after I saw some of their salad bar selection.I made reservations for all of us, and AM I GLAD WE WENT!  I absolutely loved all of their selections.  Some of us picked the salad bar and some had the Via Brazil  Rodizio dinner.  I absolutely loved their sauteed  spinach side, as well as their broccoli, asparagus, and mushrooms.  Did not need to make room for dessert since their fried banana was the BEST EVER I have ever had.  Since it was some of us ladies birthdays we also got some flan and have to admit it was sooo good (as good as mine) and that is saying something for me!  Looking forward to going back and trying the meats next time!!!  Love the staff too!  They were very attentive to us as well as the rest of the tables  and the restaurant was full.  They were on top of everything!  Would definitely recommend Via Brazil!
1	I had a horrible experience there Sept. 26, 2013 during happy hour.  I was in a group of 25 people from meetup.com that met there that night. Everything was going fine till at the very end as I finishing up my final drink.  We ran individual tabs and I already paid my tab.  Apparently because I was one of the last to leave the table I was accosted by a Via Brasil employee about someone else in the group whom I did not personally know who did not pay her tab and the employee demanded me to pay her tab.  I told him I already paid mine and I shouldn't be penalized because of a deadbeat I didn't personally know.  Then I started being treated like I myself was a deadbeat because the whole staff subsequently circled me and threatened the police on me if I didn't pay.  I looked around and noticed everyone else in the group was gone.  I had no choice but to pay and I ended up doing so by slamming the money to pay for the deadbeat's tab on the table and I let them know that they were over the top on me and they don't care about potential future business they could have received from me.  I let the group leader know by email about the experience later that night and the next day she did meet me and paid me back, which was nice.  Over the next several days I called Via Brasil to speak with the owner to discuss my bad experience because the staff was so hard up about collecting the money from me even if I did not personally owe them that money...I was told each time the owner was not there and I left messages that went unreturned.  The same occurred with an email I sent to the owner.  Via Brasil should be ashamed for hiring people who will use extreme measures to get their money even from people who don't personally owe a tab left behind by someone else.
1	My brother and I went there a while ago and I have to say this to everyone.....Avoid Via Brasil Steakhouse. The staff was BEYOND rude and I will never step foot in there again. Bottom line was that I was accused of skipping out on a bill that wasn't mine and they just plain Embarrassed me. I asked to talk to the Manager and I have yet to hear from anyone. I will not apologize for yelping nor will I remove this. The Via Brasil Steakhouse NEEDS to own up for their actions. I have NEVER stolen in my life and I have never been accused of it either ......until I went to Via Brasil. You lost a customer forever.
1	We held a meetup at this location awhile back.  Upon reading some of the reviews (especially the review of David R), I decided not to be quiet any longer.  A person (that none of our group knew) ordered food and drink.  After finishing her food, she left without paying her bill.  None of us knew her.  One by one, our group members individually paid for our food/drinks.  One member stayed behind to finish watching a game.  He had given the waiter $20 and was expecting change only to be surrounded by a group of people demanding money for that person that skipped out without paying.  NONE OF US KNEW THAT PERSON.  He explained that he did not know the person.  The employees of the restaurant were literally holding him there encircling him - and threatening to have him arrested.  Finally he paid (out of fear) for a meal and drinks of a person he didn't even know and has never met.  The management did not return my phone call.  Not only did he lose money for this unknown person, the waiter didn't give his change back from the $20 (should have been around $8).  The restaurant should hold credit cards if they are fearful of people not paying.  They should not make someone pay for and UNKNOWN person's food.  I would never go to this restaurant again.
5	I love this place with every fiber of my being. They never disappoint. I've been a bunch of times and gotten the rodizio, and the Sunday Brunch. I just tried the happy hour for the first time a couple weeks ago and that was lovely as well. The bartender served us and she was fantastic, attentive and made great suggestions. My date enjoyed everything he had and he had two of the cocktails, their signature drinks that I can't remember the name of and they were both wonderful. Love this place, and I am a for life customer!
5	Wonderful Sunday Brunch!! All the food was amazing & our server,  Dante, was awesome..He was very polite,  knowledgeable & helpful! We will definitely be back soon because of his service!
4	I have eaten at both Fago de Chao and Texas de Brazil and I think Via Brazil is definitely the best.  All of meats were not as heavy on the salt as the other two places.  Better quality and flavor.  Had a great Christmas Day dinner here.  Service was excellent.  The only slight negative is that the salad bars at the two other places were larger and had a better variety of stuff.  That is the only reason I did not give it five stars.  The items that were on the salad bar at Via Brazil were all very tasty.  I like that the tables at Via Brazil were more spread out and did not seem as crowded and noisy as its competitors.
4	Came here two nights ago for NYE. I was able to make a last minute reservation that afternoon on open table. Had trouble finding parking in the lot directly in front of the building. It's a big shopping center so we parked on the other side. We came just a couple minutes before our reservation at 6:45 and the male manager rudely told us it would be a ten minute wait. Okay well I guess we will go to the bar. The bartender was very friendly and efficient. We waited closer to 20 minutes for our table. Out server Dante provided really good service as well as his two assistance. He had one guy who only seemed to do beverages and another one who picked up our plates and bring more side dishes. The sides were okay, a little under seasoned. The fried bananas were so good. They had the right amount of sweetness. There was constant stream of meat but it seemed be a lot of the same stuff. The sterling meal promises an upwards of 20 or more meats but I didn't feel like that was the case. The meat were well seasoned and delicious. The salad bar was okay, probably on the lower end of the spectrum. The salmon and chicken Marsala seemed to have been sitting there awhile. It was not very good. I wanted to try the flan but I was stuffed.
