3	news plus is a normal sized newsagent located in bruntsfield.It has a good selection of things including sandwhiches milk,sweets,magazines and it also has some of the collectable stickers some people might want.Its a good little shop to pop into.
3	Newsagents are the sort of place that you'd just visit rather than necessarily becoming a fan of, hence the rating being limited to three stars.  To become a fan of this place might be a bit over the top.I happened to be going past here earlier today, and popped in to see about getting a drink.  In the end, I didn't buy anything, but was fairly impressed with what was offered.  Whilst it may not have a massive amount of stock compared to some of the larger newsagents, I liked the feeling of space in here.  The shelves are just on the two side walls, meaning that the middle of the shop is free to allow space to wonder.  This may just be because the shop itself is not massive, but I often find places like this to be crammed floor to ceiling with stuff, which can be claustrophobic at times.The stock that was there was fairly standard, with a wall of magazines (maybe one of the largest selections I've seen in a shop of this size) and one of sweets, chocolate and drinks.  A good little well-designed newsagents all in all!
3	After living in Brunstfield for over a year I can safely say that Bruntsfield News Plus is what all newsagents should be. Organised, clean, not overcrowded and only selling things that newsagents should sell!This newsagents is just positioned next to a bus stop, so it is very convenient for picking up a paper or a sweet. One thing that strikes me about the interior of this newsagent is that one side of the entire shop is dedicated to magazines and newspapers, and it is a very, very long wall! You are spoiled for choice with what magazine you should get, a great selection of music and current affairs magazines awaits you. The Bruntsfield News Plus certainly does provide you with a pleasant change when it comes to visiting newsagents, especially the fact that it is very clean and uncluttered. A traditional newsagents is what it is, and what all newsagents should aim to be!
4	6.30am. On my way home from a truly ridiculous festival night out. Yes home. Oooh Neal you absolute party animal. See, my biggest problem with Edinburgh (apart from Scottish football, but that's based in Glasgow isn't it?), is that all the takeaways shut before the clubs. What the hell?! Sort it out Edinburgh.Returning to my night out, I was pretty peckish on my way home. Obviously everywhere was shut - it was 6.30am. Except everywhere wasn't shut. News plus, just seconds from my flat (hence I'd given up by now) was open! Result! I got a coronation chicken sandwich, which was actually very very tasty.So now I feel a sort of affinity with this place. They helped me out in my time of need so now I feel loyal to them. It's a pretty good newsagents to be loyal to. It doesn't sell more that it should, and it sells all the right things at the right price. It's just a bloody good newsagent
