4	Fun!! couple of easy points: Good wine fair prices.- Ill will swear to you that you will never have better chicken skewers in your life!!- We sat at the bar but even the servers were still checking on us, and the bartender was AMAzing.Best place in anthem by far.Good cheese plate as well, although I feel like goat cheese should be on there too.We liked it so much we are going to a wine bar now in Anthem,az for cinco de mayo!!
4	I love wine! And this place is great. The owners are super friendly, the wine is great (when is wine not great though?), and the food was a nice surprise. We had bruschetta that was so good we ordered another. The chicken skewers were really good too. Great place, definitely the best in Anthem. I will be back...
5	Scott, and Theresa the owners are fantastic! Great food, great beer and wine selection.
4	So, I've been to Wild Vines a few times and it's so nice to have place like this in Anthem. The owners are awesome and so friendly. I also like they seem to take the customers opinions seriously, they really want feedback to get it just right! I love the chicken skewers, really really yummy. Sweet and spicy at the same time and not at all dried out, which is easy to do with chicken skewers. We also tried the bruschetta, which I wasn't a huge fan of, just kind of bland. They have a few different kinds and were out of the one I wanted to try (can't remember what it was). We also did the cheese plate which has thin sliced apples and spiced nuts (almonds, I think). It was good, and I'm hoping to see some new cheeses next time we go in.As for the beer and wine, good selection, reasonable prices. The happy hour is really nice. I LOVE the Orange Blossom beer they have and it's only 2.50 at happy hour which is great! Overall, I do love this place and am super excited to have a nice wine bar close to home
5	Love the beef skewers here and happy hour is great! Good overall experience!  We can't wait to go back!
1	Never will I go here again! Their service needs a lot of work before I even think about coming back. I also suggest them to fix their menu and be more clear about what they are serving! When I ask for a wine from the Happy Hour menu and you send me two wines to try, I expect them to both be from the HAPPY HOUR menu!!! Then, getting the bill at the end and seeing they charge more than $2 for one coke! It says nothing on the menu about the cokes being $2.25 per one little 8 oz of coke. Usually if its per coke, they give you only a can and don't charge $2.25!! Then when we ask about it when we get the bill, the waitress said "wow". Like we were being rude and she wouldn't even come back to our table. We were just seeing if it was a mistake! I've been in the restaurant business for over 9 years and I would NEVER speak to a customer like that!!! Honestly, I am surprised they are still open in this recession! I will never go here again. I don't mind paying a little more for good food, great service, and a great atmosphere. When there is none of that, then whats the point of going??  This place cost us $70 plus tip for happy hour for three people PLUS getting the worst service I ever had in my life. What a rip off!!!
1	We've gone here twice. We tried to give them a second shot after a less than exciting first visit. They were out of everything on their very tiny menu. We got two dishes that tasted like Lean Cuisine. Ugh. So the next time around I got a sandwich and my husband got the same pasta dish hoping for something better.  The food was plain and the noodles were again like a frozen dinner.  Better options for eats in this area than this place. I suppose if your thing is wine and beer, by all means indulge, but for something edible keep hunting.
5	I really like this place under the NEW management!!!!  The atmosphere is much more open and laid back. Im not sure if the clientele is the same or not, but if it is, they all left their sticks (that used to be implanted ) at home!!!  LOL.  But seriously, you will notice that everyone is having a great time. Whether it's a table for one or ten.  It is an ideal place for a date,  group, or all girls night.
5	This place was great! After a rough week for both my husband and I, we were really looking for a small quaint place to grad a drink and good eats :) I remembered seeing Wild Vines on the show Downsized and thought this was the time to finally try them out. I jumped on yelp to see what the locals were saying and overall they had a positive review...Make no mistake...this place is SMALL...but it felt very quaint and everyone seemed to truly enjoy themselves. The service was slow in the beginning but get a little better as our evening progressed. They have a small yet amazing selection of beers - we both ordered the Black Butte Porter - DELISH!For food we took the advice of other Yelpers: we had the Beef Skewers and Macaroni and Cheese. The beef skewers were nothing short of tasty and they serve it with a warm baguette to dip in the sauce (which was some sort of mushroom wine reduction - amazing). I love macaroni and cheese so much it might as well be my middle name and Wild Vines did a nice rendition of it .We both agreed that this might be a regular stop on our culinary adventures!
5	This place is exactly what Anthem needs as an alternative to endless beer-pizza-wings joints on every corner. Nice, clean, quaint place with excellent wine list, great beer selection and now top shelf liquor. Food is a basic menu but nicely done and tasty. It's not the place for a full-blown five course meal, but the fare is certainly paired well with wine and you can get a great pasta dish, gourmet flatbreads, etc to fill up on.My wife and I will hit this place on our way to a movie night or the theatre downtown. Prices are very fair - especially during happy hour. Then we sometimes hit it on the way back too. Or a great, classy place to sneak away from the rugrats for an hour without blowing fifty bucks. Management changed for the better about six months ago and the clientele is fun, hip and not snobby at all. Just an all around good neighborhood hangout place, maybe even worth a trip from outside Anthem.
3	I guess I'll be the dissenter in the group in the sense that I liked Wild Vines better under the old management. I like the idea of a wine bar because it's not the same as going to a sports bar or a sit down restaurant. In my opinion, it should be a place you go with a small group of people (2-4) to have some wine and enjoy conversation with your friends. Wild Vines is still small, well decorated, and boasts a nice menu, but it is also louder and has a different atmosphere now. I understand that's a personal preference, but now instead of going out to try a new wine, I'll probably stay home and uncork a bottle with my family instead. On the bright side, I've never been disappointed with the food, and this most recent visit was no exception. The mini cheese plate ($5 during happy hour) was delicious!
4	New resident to Anthem...very pleased to find this location.  Only there for happy hour...but great service.  The cheese selection and the crab cake has to be the best we have ever had!  Great place and we look forward to our next visit.
3	Food and wine really great... Sadly the service was lacking. Hopefully it was just an off night.
3	I was just there last Friday; heard they are under new ownership. Great tapas, decent wine. Just need to add one more waitress and bartender to the Friday night staff. Oh, great music, too.
1	This was the most disturbing dining experience (attempted) my wife and I have ever encountered.  We had dined here twice before.  Once under the prior management and once under the new management.  The fist visit was great with excellent food and service. The second under the new owner was a big change.  Food not quite the same quality, service lacking and they were out of some basic items. Understood it was new management and they may need some time to get up to speed so we decided to give it another try a month later.  Walked in on a Saturday at 7pm and noticed only two tables with customers and 4 people at the bar.  We sat down in the middle of the bar and watched as 4 server/bartenders spoke to people at the bar and prepared drinks.  We sat at the bar for over 10 minutes with not one bartender or server even acknowledging that we were there.  I mean not even looking at us as they walked by us behind the bar.  There were at least 4 servers behind this small bar, they were not busy and yet they could not find the time to say hello or ask what we wanted to drink.  We are the easiest people in the world to please, usually order our meal at the bar and always leave at least a 30% tip.  We really thought this was some kind of joke but after 10 minutes realized that they apparently just don't care.  We have never got up and walked out of a restaurant but we did on this evening and will never go back.  Ended up driving 20 minutes to Yard House and had an excellent meal with outstanding service as usual.  I have never written a review about a dining experience but this one so disturbed us that I signed up with yelp to let others know what a let down this place has become.
1	We went in. 3 servers and no one even greeted us. Finally one came up said she would bring us water and a menu. Never saw her again. We got up and left. Came to connelys and were taken care of right away. At wild vines they weren't even very busy. We live literally right inside the gates to the country club and will not go there again.
4	At first glance I found it to be an interesting concept to combine a wine bar with a sports bar. Soon it became evident this was only a sports bar that wanted to expand its clientele base to include wine and food. Albeit, the wine selection good and the food recommended, we're hoping the new management fixes the inconsistent quality in the kitchen. The staff? We'll they're nothing short of awesome; which keeps us coming back for more!In the end, all I can say is be sure you come with the expectation to enjoy some wine while sitting in a loud sports bar. Yes fun at times, but not what I think most wine lovers are seeking...a quieter setting enjoying personal conversation with their guest(s) and a good foodie experience. Wishing great success to Deandra and team!
1	I went to Wild Vines with my girlfriends for drinks and dinner in celebration a girl's night. When we walked in there was probably 10 customers and one bartender. We had been greeted by the bartender immediately and water and menus followed 20 Minutes later. We ordered a round of drinks, the cheese platter and hummus appetizer. All items were good, but from that point on the night went south . No one came back for a second round of drinks or anything else until a new server started about 30 minutes later.  We finally placed our dinner orders,  shrimp skewers , Ahi salads, flat bread , shrimp pasta and chicken kabobs. The Ahi salad was $18.00 and foul in every way; the smell , the wilted lettuce, canned Chinese rice noodle sticks and Kraft bottled dressing; the most disgusting salad I have ever tasted.  The shrimp kabobs never came, but some creamy shrimp with a wilted salad came. The flat bread pizza was just thrown on a plate (piled on) it looked previously prepared and the chicken skewers never made it, my friend was so over the crappy service , she was about to go next door to sonic. The pasta; everything was edible but the shrimp.  When we sent everything back, the waiter made an excuse that everyone working today was new (including himself) and that they've had nothing but problems with the new chef. The bartender came by and took our plates to show the owner the food that came out, since she has had issues with the new chef as well and wanted him to see for himself. We ordered a grilled cheese and wedge salad to replace the Ahi salad and all I can say it was untouched as well.  After we asked to talk to the manager the waiter came back apologized and dropped a round of drinks from our bill to compensate. We weren't expecting more, but felt the owner should know how bad everything is, because it is his restaurant and you want repeat business. It seemed like the owner was hiding, avoiding to talk to us because he took forever to come to our table. The bartender came by and told us she was paying for our dinner on her dime because she felt so bad and we insisted that she bill us something so we can tip her since the situation with the chef was out of her control. She took each of our cards to put $8.00 in so we can each tip at least $10.00 . The Owner finally came to our table and apologized and said he suggested to pay for the bill (means the bartender lied to us) and appreciated our patience in a very relaxed attitude and gave us is own story of coming in because he was called in that he was needed and had to leave home sick to be there. #1 : why would any of you show your dirty laundry and throw your own staff under the bus. #2 why wouldn't you be so carefree to not compassionately care about your food, your staff, your service. I've said enough and review is may seem already winded , but I'm curious to see just how long it will take for this business to shut down. I felt like I was being filmed on Kitchen Nightmares. Gordon Ramsey would have a field day with this one. I don't even want to see their kitchen because I would probably throw up. Bummed that I have to give them one star.
4	Good place to chill on a Friday night. It was unusually crowded and the vibe felt right. This place seems livelier and I hope it stays that way. The server was confused and got some things backwards but it was understandable. She explained that the setup behind the bar was off and they all would make it right. Didn't try the food this time but will do next time. Enjoy the selection. Personally, I love their whites. Especially the Rieslings.
1	My boyfriend and I went here with friends on a Friday night.  We were anticipating a fun evening out and a yummy meal.  Well, three of the four entrees came out at once and the server told us the other would be here shortly.  Well, fifteen minutes later and it still wasn't here, so we flagged down the server and she said there were problems in the kitchen.  She said they had sent one of the chefs home early (???? it's Friday night at 7:00 PM).  By this time, our three entrees were cold as ice as none of us had touched them as we were waiting for my boyfriend's Ahi tuna entree.  The server told us she would comp us another round of drinks - just what we needed on an empty stomach.  :-(  So, the three of us began eating our cold food.After at least 30 minutes - it could have been longer - my boyfriend's ahi tuna  finally came out.  It was supposed to be grilled ahi, but had barely been run over a grill.  It wasn't even warm.  My boyfriend told the male server who brought it to the table (a different server than the female we'd had all night) that the ahi wasn't done.  It needed to be grilled more.  The waiter got snippy and said "This is the way we do it at Wild Vines."  I looked at him and said, "Are you really arguing with a customer?"  This guy knew my boyfriend had already been waiting at least 30 minutes PAST the time our entrees had been served.  What a jerk.  He backed off and said he wasn't arguing - he offered to take it back to the kitchen to cook it more.  My boyfriend declined since we were all done with our cold food by this time.Sometime during this time, an unkempt-looking man with a sleeveless T-shirt, discheveled hair, and a grungy-looking backpack which he slung on the bar arrived.  He didn't look clean at all and we came to understand that he was one of the "chefs."When our server learned from the male server that there were problems with the ahi, she came over and offered to comp us dessert.  We really didn't want dessert.  We just wanted to leave.Unbelievably, we had now been there for well over an hour and the only thing they comped us were one round of drinks.  All of our cold meals were full price.  She did point out that she comped the ahi salad - at which point I busted up laughing since it wasn't touched and was sent back to the kitchen immediately.Wild Vines has potential, for sure.  The cold food we ate would have probably been excellent had it been eaten hot.  What this place lacks most is experienced restaurant management.  If they're going to cater to the wine crowd, then they really need to do an overhaul in how to treat customers, how to expedite food properly, and most importantly, what to do when things turn into a cluster f*$#.  There were any number of ways they could have saved the night (and their reputation) if there had been anyone there who understood the value of the customer experience.We ended up leaving and going over to Ocho (a Mexican restaurant) where we had excellent margaritas and my boyfriend got a wonderful quesadilla - as he was starving by this time.
5	Love this local spot! Great Atmosphere. I LOVE the food.  I can eat clean (chicken, tenderloin or shrimp skewers)  or if I want to be indulgent the deserts are divine!  Best  flat breads around and the crab cakes are out of this world.  Great selection of wines. Everyone I bring to Wild Vines, becomes a fan and repeat customer.
5	Everyone loves a good local bar and eatery that they feel comfortable going to either by yourself or with a group of friends...Wild Vines is just that.  Great food, wine list,  full bar and a staff that is always smiling and helpful not to mention the ambiance.  There are always fun events and happy hour specials along with a dj on some nights...I've never had a bad experience there yet!
5	My friend & I happened upon Wild Vines by complete accident as our car navigator & phone weren't finding a local wine bar as fast as we were moving so we just finally pulled in & there it was. We had a long hot day in Phx & were heading north on I-17 but needed some refreshments & appetizers. Our server was excellent (also cute) & helped us find a nice house wine named One Hope (I think) we had the Happy Hr special Hummus & the cheese board. We're going to be back in Phx tomorrow & we've already decided we're going to try dinner. I hope we have the same server. I took her picture & wanted to post it but I'm new @ this so maybe I'll have to ask for help from my nephew Kyle.
4	What a nice change from the other restaurants in Anthem - much more upscale with great wine and beer selection and many food options.  Andrea is very welcoming.  Nice atmosphere and great background music.
3	Not certain if this is a wine bar, sports bar, or country bar. Bar tender Andrea is wonderful and possibly the only reason we go back. When they are on, their food is fantastic, but to to date they have been far too inconsistent with their food quality. I ordered prawn skewers and received 3 baby shrimp per skewer.  Their skewers are fantastic but I paid for prawns not an equal number of tiny shrimp. Come tell me you don't have them and you will give me nine tiny shrimp per skewer and I am in, but don't sell me prawns and give me tiny shrimp. If the flavor wasn't so fantastic I would have sent them back. The bruschetta is fantastic. Sometimes it comes on toasted bread, sometimes not!  First ingredient in bruschetta is toasted bread. We would eat here far more often if they could get to a consistent food quality.
5	Such a fun environment! Great food! Great drinks. It's small but that's what makes it fun. You see familiar faces every time you go! Great music, especially when the guy/girl singing duo are there! The only thing that would make this place better is to have maybe a bit more staff so the bartenders can catch their breath. The entire staff has smiles on their faces and are very friendly! We love coming here and will recommend it to all of our friends!
4	Much improvement. Starting to feel more like a wine bar. Todd and Beth are great additions to the staff as well. Great food still and the rest is starting to come together nicely.
4	Great food and friendly servers, Andrea at the bar is just amazing! Glad to have a wine bar with great food so close to home, not many options in Anthem!
2	Atmosphere, drinks, and service was good. The food however was not so fabulous. My husband had a spicy chicken sandwich that was barely palatable as it tasted like someone dumped a bottle of maple syrup in it. I had the ahi tuna asian style sandwich which came on limp, falling apart bread. There was no flavor. The best part of both of our meals were the chips which I doubt were made in house. I will not be going back. Good if you want just a nice bar to drink but I would say go somewhere else for food.
4	Good spot for craft beer and wine.
1	Another disappointing place in Anthem.  We tried this for the first time on October 30th for my birthday.  When we walked in, no one was behind the bar and we had to wait about 5 minutes before the hostess/bartender/waitress came by to say she would be with us in a few minutes.  After a few minutes, she came and took our order.  My husband and I both ordered wine and thought we would try a couple of appetizers.  We ordered the bruschetta and the cheese plate and to be honest, I could have done a better job at home.  Will not be returning even though the wine was decent (hard to screw that up) and service was good after the first initial problem we had.
3	Went there for our anniversary, we had met there 3 years ago. It has switched owners many times, and the food was good but poor menu selections. New Owners took over 3 weeks ago. So we thought we would give it a try again. The outdoor patio was updated with High Top tables that have a built in fire pit in the middle, creating beautiful ambiance. The furnishings on the patio are all new making it very inviting. Inside remains basically unchanged. We were there on a Tuesday night, and the poor bartender was handling the WHOLE place by himself! And, was doing a remarkable job. I had the homemade Tomato soup bisque, it was very good, then followed that with Crab cakes, which were excellent. My husband had a cheeseburger flat bread, which he enjoyed. We had Tito's vodka martinis, as our drink of choice, and they were excellent. The only down side of the evening were that 4 people at the bar were drinking heavily, and the more they drank the louder they became. Since we were sitting just a few feet away from the bar, it was like they were sitting with us, and at times we couldn't even hear ourselves talk. The eating area and the bar area are so close to each other that you really can't get away far enough to have any privacy. We will go back again, probably when we can go out on the patio and its a little warmer. They did not have patio heaters except for the on table fire pits, but they do not throw out enough heat to be comfortable.
5	Amazing food service and atmosphereFood came out perfect we had the salmonService was first rateThey atmosphere is fun and classy
5	My husband and I love coming here for date nights because it's so close to home, we don't have to worry about the kids, and we feel like we're going to a fun "grown up" place to hang out and talk.  We've been here 3 times either on a Friday or Saturday night.  Even though the place was busy we were always greeted immediately with a friendly smile.  The service has always been wonderful and the drinks awesome.  We've tried the flat bread and it was delicious.  I'm looking forward to going back again and doing a GNO!
