5	I freaking LOVE this place. Like LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. I'm a sucker for second had items, especially if they are of good quality. Most places I go to have some good finds, but you really have to take your time in there and look through piles of items that's worth keeping. At Opportunity Village, I was able to see some wonderful pieces as far as vintage furniture, clothes, books, centerpieces, lamps, kitchen, dinner, and pieces. My favorite was the furniture. It's was either vintage pieces I came across or contemporary pieces with some artistic edge. It was just so entertaining to be able to look at these nice finds. Obviously I didn't buy any since they were all just too big to carry home alone, and it does take careful planning, but I did manage to snag some vintage and original hardback books of a few classics like Sherlock Holmes, Oliver Twist, and Mysterious Island for $1.99!!! So I bought 5 books.Also, they have a nice gallery section dedicated to artwork. I'm not entirely sure if it's second hand owned art pieces or local artist's pieces, but it's cool either way to know that a nice thrift store like Opportunity Village features GREAT quality furniture, artwork, and such! I'll be back soon. FOR SURE!
3	I'm happy Opportunity Village has a new store, but I really miss the charm of the old store. It was cool to wander the store, turn the corner and find a whole new section of treasures. So this new store is just that, a store. A big wide open store. The selection doesn't seem to be there either. But, I can't judge just  one day. It's a thrift shop, it's hit or miss. We did find an amazing velvet wolf painting for my friend. Better luck next time...
5	Large, clean, well stocked thrift store with great selection. Found everything from nice suits to books to a tactical belt here.  Lately they've had a strong selection of garden tools, supplies, and pottery (last week they had some cool fire pits).  I also miss the old store, with its run down little maze of rooms - but it's not coming back, so enjoy the new one.
4	Great thrift store! Good prices and GREAT selection, especially of home furnishings. Everything is very clean, which is rare. The people are helpful, and the prices not too bad. Overall I'd suggest stopping by for a look.
4	I can usually find something amazing here, the store is really spacious and organized.
3	Love going here and in the past they've had good prices.  Over the last few weeks their prices on some clothing doubled and tripled.  The value to shopping here is quickly going away.  EXAMPLE:  Used Kirkland (Costco) Men's dress shirt was priced at Opportunity Village for $15.99, it's new at Costco for $17.99.  Walked away from 5 shirts that were priced from $10-$15.  There are other thrift stores in town that have better prices.
4	It seems this is the spot if you are looking for home decor as the majority of the store is furniture, decorations, paintings, lamps, etc. Some of it is overpriced for used, but some were actually a good price. I saw some cool accent chairs and comfy looking recliners for $50.  This thrift store also has a solid selection of books! Lots of good titles and paper backs were 75cents and hardbacks were $1.50 which is much lower than almost all the other thrift shops. I was looking for decor, vases, bottles and the like for my wedding and I unfortunately striked out on that aspect, but the quality of stuff to dig through is there so I definitely will be returning.
3	Clothing, furniture, books, and... discount pharmacy products? Hold up.The clothing and furniture selection are about what you expect from a nonprofit thrift store: older items with reasonable prices, selection can be a bit dicey but there are some treasures to be found.Book nook was a delightful surprise! Tons of Target Picks and Oprah's Book Club features, in paperback and hardback, lots of relatively-current fiction from the 2000s and the obligatory section of 60s-90s self-help and health tomes. But the condition of the books, pricing, and women's fiction was better (and less dated) than some of the so-called "used bookstores" in this area. And now for the pharmacy products, which weirded me out. There is a large selection of generic medications, first aid basics, and diabetic supplies in a section to the right of the entrance. I have no clue who their supplier is or why these items are in a thrift store.Other odds and ends include costume jewelry in the display case by the register- some new pieces mixed in at good prices. There are spinning racks of greeting cards, 2/$1, that are a mix of bizarre vintage styles and modern/current birthday, anniversary, congratulation, and thank you notes.Staff is polite and volunteers are welcome!
5	The best thrift store to find furniture in town. AMAZING come ups. Always good quality, clean, and smell free. They have high standards and it makes it easy to shop. I furnished a good portion of my house here and I spent probably about $250 over all on a couch, dining table, coffee table and some accent chairs.
