5	I am always on a quest to find great soul food joints here in Vegas and this place might possibly be my new favorite thanks to the goddess Kathy and her heavenly cuisine. I swear I feel like I have stumbled into my mother's kitchen every time I eat here. Some of the best soul food I have had in a very long time. The space is very small but the food makes up for it in authenticity, flavor and taste. I can't say enough about the Seafood Plate!! It is a platter with all the fixing's from ettouffe, fried catfish, crab and shrimp...a must have on every visit. The cornbread is always cooked to perfection, the cabbage and black-eyed peas sides make me feel like I have been tossed into the back woods of Louisiana somewhere. The smothered pork chops with a side of mac n' cheese is another favorite. The meat literally falls off the bone and that is seriously all I ever leave on the plate afterward.....the bone! Don't forget accompany your meal with a glass of sweet tea! So much good food and because now that I have adopted Kathy as my second mother, I will be back!
1	Have to completely disagree with the first reviewer -- as a Southerner, this place is an insult -- a total sham -- 1) it's FILTHY  2) it's FILTHY and 3) it's totally overpriced...oh did I mention how dirty the joint is?Took some Southern co-workers all the way from UNLV for lunch -- won't do that EVER again.  The wait was 20 minutes for the gal to step out from behind a counter to bring us a menu... we were the only ones there....!    Hello?  The menus were sticky -- the place smelled bad -- they had cleaning chemicals out on the same counters where they serve food -- finally put them away about midway through lunch service.We were hoping for something authentic lunch-wise -- like a "meat and 3" plate -- in the South, it's easy to find about 20 mom and pops that offer this for oh, anywhere from $3 inclusive of tea and pie (!) -- to $6 (for a fancy joint) where tea and pie are extra...No meat & 3 here (all a la carte) -- so to replicate that, we're talking you're in for $20+ easy for lunch... I'm serious.  Bad fried chicken, bad mac & cheese, bad greens, bad canned beans, bad bad bad... tea that was so sweet my teeth still hurt.Shame on you, Kathy -- real Southeners know better...I would love to bring my Mama here when she's feeling homesick -- but this will just make her sick... and break her heart...this place truly has no soul.To add insult to injury, when it was time to pay the check, they have this ancient system that charges a set amount -- plus a service charge to run your card... it's such a scam. I really wanted to love this place -- as it stands now, it's probably tops on my list of places that I'll NEVER give a 2nd shot... Hope this saves you a trip!
3	I'm really torn between B.K.  & Rachel M.I was referred by a friend so that always helps, They should have called the place "the little hole in the wall"  It was extremely hard to find. Once inside I was not impressed. The walls were poorly painted an ugly beige color, although there was a nice mural on one side. Were were seated right away and our drink orders were taken. The menu's did seem a bit old but no big deal, right? While givin our order, I failed to notice the small print under the "sandwiches" that said only from Tues -Fri... so Today on my Saturday visit, there was no choice but to get a "full dinner" some of the menu seemed a bit pricey for the atmo too.We noticed the place got rather full very quick! A very nice couple was seated next to us & that made for some nice "small talk".  Something else we noticed.. it was taking FOREVER to get our food.WE WAITED A WHOLE 50 MINUTES BEFORE OUR FOOD ARRIVED!!!!but it was good. My daughter had a fried pork chop, mashed potatoes & gravy w/ a side of corn.... she totally loved it.  I ordered spareribs.. super good & tender.  My friend ordered hot links, she said they were excellent. I noticed my daughter pork chops were a little dry but she didn't seem to mind.  Mac & Cheese was pretty good, the yams were really good, although I felt the potato salad was not my style. Corn bread was good/not sweet. If you want someone who went & passed top of the class at the Culinary art institute YOUR NOT GONNA FIND IT HERE...but if you want some GREAT HOME COOKING, this is were it's at.I fell B.K. ,may have been turned away at the site of the place without giving it a chance. Worth a try but give your self a good 1 1/2 to eat... or just call for a take out order...that would be best!(although my 6yr old loved it I said not good for kids because they took so long & some little ones may get restless)
5	Just had Kathy's two days ago and I must say it was the highlight of my Vegas trip. The fried chicken was some of the best that I ever had. It is a small, hole in the wall place that isn't much to look at, however, the food was amazing and our waiter was very nice and attentive. The macaroni and cheese, in addition to the red beans and rice were delicious. The cornbread was yummy as well. My only complaint is that they didn't have any yams and it was in the middle of the day. I would recommend this place to all soul food lovers.
5	I don't understand some of the other reviews because this is our most favorite place to eat in las Vegas. We've probably been there 20 times already and everyone we take loves it too. Ok, being from Hawaii we don't know much about southern cooking but this has the best fried chicken, pork chop and collards ever. Wish they would open in Hawaii. It is a "hole in the wall" kinda place but great food, good value & great hospitality.
3	I was visting Las Vegas and my family came down from Utah to have lunch with us while we were up there. We tried to go to a catfish place, but they were closed so I managed to find this gem on my iPhone. Yes, it's a bit off the strip, but it was yummmmy.First walking in, it's really small and kinda cheesy looking but the waiter was ok not overly friendly though, but cute. :) The menu is kinda small, but it was still hard to make a decision, everything sounded good. I finally settled on good ole chicken fried steak with mac n cheese and mashed potatos. I know, it's not the greens and stuff people would get here, but I'm picky. :) The fried chicken was supposed to be amazing so my boyfriend ordered that, my grandma got catfish and my uncle had the shrimp etouffe. After placing our orders, the guy came back and told me they were out of chicken fried steak, wtf?! So I changed my order to friend shrimp.It took awhile to get the food out, which is okay because it was homemade. But we only got our glasses filled up once while we were there and we had to flag the guy down to do it. And they wern't busy so I was really confused as to why our service wasn't better. Seriously, there was like no one in there. After a bit, our waiter brought us out some cornbread, and oh lord, I don't know if I was starving or if it was really that good, but I ate it up so quick. It was sweet cornbread with yummy melty butter on it. Sigh, it was great. Bad thing is they don't give you unlimited, only one per person. The food finally came, and I think all around everyone was pretty pleased. My shrimp  was huge and done in cornmeal, I've never had it that way before but it was delicious all the same. They didn't have any coctail sauce which kinda stunned me but whatev, Their tartar sauce was good and I don't normally like it so eh. Mac and cheese and potatoes you could tell were homemade, nice and cheesy and hot. :) The fried chicken was good, nothing to quite write home about, same for the catfish. HOWEVER, the shrimp etouffe was absolutely AMAZING! It had a nice cream sauce, big pieces of shrimp, like basically yummy looking. But you bite into it and flavor explodes in your mouth. It was kinda spicy, but not overbearing and so.... uh... delicious! Anyway, all in all a fun experience, definitely something out of my comfort zone, worth the trip, but pretty pricey. Be prepared to drop some dough here. Looking at like $15+ per person. Pay with cash, their credit card/debit card thing is weird. They can only do it in increments of $10 and then give you cash back, kinda rubbed me the wrong way.
1	I will NEVER  go back!    The food is good, but over priced!They charge you for drink refills, they charge you for togo containers.  The blinds are broken and nasty, the ceiling fans are nasty.  And then they have the nerve to post a sign no plate picking!  Give me a freaking break!  Make your place upscale , then maybe put a sign up like that!
5	5 stars for southern cooking...not healthy and definitely a take-out only spot in my opinion (we have never been here but the reviews seem to imply it's not worth the trip). Anything U Want picks this up for us every once in a while. They don't use pork in the preparation of their sides which is a huge plus for us, as M & Ms soul food does. Their fried wings are always cooked properly with the right amount of seasoning. Their mac & cheese is just decent (which I know is a huge disappointment) but I make a little adjustment to it by adding a little cheese to the top and baking it prior to serving it.Pros: Great take-out, fried chicken, sidesCons: a little pricey for fried food
1	It is too greasy, fatty, and certainly does not look very appealing.  The cost is ridculous and don't mention the filthiness of the place.  They hand washed the dishes.  That was not sanitary.  The health department should have scrutinized Kathy's more carefully. Glad to see them closed.   If you want some great soul food, check out Jimmy's Market on W. Lake Mead Blvd. and Cheyenne.  The catfish literally melts in your mouth and the cabbage is tender, seasoned well, and have a real southern taste.
5	My suggestion to anyone who's reading this.  (In spite of all the haters and the negative comments!)  Why don't you go to the restaurant, and find out for your self how the food is.  The new location is on 3799 E Desert Inn Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89121.  For me, the food was excellent!  Who cares about the decor or atmosphere.  These are hard times!  I'm there for the food, not the decor.  The staff there are very friendly, and very courteous.  I am definitely going back there, and try out the rest of the menu!  After I had my lunch there today, my soul was SATISFIED!  Amen.
5	Kathy's Southern Cooking has the best chicken fried steak ever!!!I challenge anyone to find any restaurant in town with better chicken fried steak.  I am a soul-food connoisseur and this is the real deal!
4	Review is based on food.  Food is always, always good here.  We ordered the catfish with mac n cheese, greens and yams.  Mac n cheese are decent, I've had better.  The yams and greens were super good!!  Catfish was fresh and fried in clean oil, you can just tell.  Staff is friendly.Now onto the decor.  They moved from their old location. New location is a store front restaurant.  The kitchen is huge and the space for tables is small. Seems like they're accommodating for takeout orders.  They only have about 6 tables.  Plain white walls and a small tv.  But who cares, you're not really coming here for the decor right? If you're looking for some good ole southern food in Vegas, this is the place.  Get your mind off of the decor and concentrate on the food and you'll enjoy yourself!!!
1	I was glad to see Kathy's had closed because I have NEVER eaten in a dirtier place.  Sure, the food was okay, but afterwards I was just waiting for the impending food poisoning.  It was only by the sweet, merciful grace of God that I didn't contract something from this place.  I hope the new location on Desert Inn is cleaner!
4	I have wanted to try this food for quite a few years. They have moved closer to my home (DI and Sandhill)  and I found it by accident! The food is absolutely wonderful! Great comfort food! The chicken fried steak was the best I have ever had (even IF I were to make it myself!) and everything I tried was so good it made me sing! I will be going back for more soon! I woke up today thinking about her food! IT WAS THAT GOOD!Who cares about the decor? I just took the food home to eat! The place is very clean too!
5	I love the food, I would not eat there, but the food is worth it just to take it out.   A lot of the reviews complain about the decor or lack there of, but if your going there - your going for the FOOD.  The fried chicken is to die for, well cooked and crispy.  The yams I could not have made them better myself.  The sweet potato pie was delicious.  While taking out last week another customer was raving on about how good the smoothed pork chops were , how she goes there at least 2 times a week for different things.  I've been there a few times and it's well worth looking past the horrible decor and service to just be able to take come some wonderful homemade food.  I'm actually gong to call in an order to pick up tonight....
3	My wife and I have been driving by Kathy's for the past 8 years. Back when they were still located on Mountain Vista. Last night we decided to finally try it and found out that they relocated. Despite the extra 10 minute drive we found ourselves at Kathy's. First I did not expect to meet the Kathy but sure enough she was there to take my order. Very nice woman and took my order like I was her first customer ever. I ordered the chicken dinner my wife ordered the catfish. Both were phenomenal great crunch and seasoning. I also enjoyed the red beans and rice, but the Mac and cheese was awesome.
2	used to go occasionally to old location and had pretty good food and went back and found it was gone. That was a couple years ago. We found it again on Desert Inn and had to try it. Went day after Christmas and found it was closed for 2 days for holliday. Went back next day and it was open. Ordered food at counter and was asked if it was "for here or to go?". Wife and I both ordered catfish but wife had greens and yams for sides and I had fries and slaw. We joked about who was from the farthest south by the sides. New location has 7 tables and seats 22 people. It is as one reviewer stated like an old factory break room. There was one table occupied with a couple and a teenage boy beside us. When food came both orders were identical including the sides. I pointed out I ordered different sides and waiter said "no you both ordered the same". I pointed out he agreed that my wife had ordered a more southern side and then he admitted that I had ordered slaw and fries. He asked if we needed anything else and I asked for some tartar sauce and ketchup for my fries. The fries arrived about half way through my meal and he put an empty ketchup container on the table. I called him back and asked for one with ketchup in it and he brought me a dish full instead (only have 1 container)? While there were only 3 other customers there, there must have been 10 or more people in the back kitchen not including our waiter who stayed there through most of our meal. I guess that they were family members or friends of Kathy. She never showed herself only her daughter and the waiter.  Service was almost nonexistent and lackadaisical. The food: Greens and yams were very good. cornbread average, catfish OK. It went from very thin to very thick which means some of it is either overcooked or undercooked. The other table had chitterlings and they seemed to enjoy them and ate it all. For chicken I have had better at Popeyes (I have also tried Paula Deen's and said the same thing). Kathy may be a great cook but has no concept of how to run a restaurant. Good home cooking but bad service and "I don't give a damn" attitude would not keep her in business in the south. My suggestion is if you want Kathy's food, call for take out. You will get better service at home and the decor has to be more attractive. You also won't feel obligated to tip for bad service.
