5	Jay was a dream to work with in creating our wedding cake. We picked him because:a) His cakes are delicious! They're moist and flavorful and he hand-makes his edible fondant. We did a red velvet cake with cinnamon creme filling and an Italian sweet cream buttercream icing. Everyone was talking about how great the cake was.b) He didn't blink an eye when we told him what we wanted for our wedding cake. Other vendors I spoke with gave me various odd looks and made stupid comments like "um, you want THAT for a wedding cake?" By the way- he made us a Daft Punk cake. Why? Because my husband and I met at the Daft Punk show in LA in 2007. Instead of being rude about it (ahem-Sedona Cakes), he just started working on the construction and figured out how to make it perfect.c) He's very easy to work with; no cake deposit was required. We signed a very simple contract and poof! He was there the day of to deliver it.
5	My sister got a cake for my shower and it was BEAUTIFUL! He copied the shower invitations and it was PERFECT! Everyone enjoyed it especially me!! Thank you for making my day special=) DELISH!!
5	BEST PLACE EVER! Want to purchase all of my cakes from here.
5	This cake kicks other cake's @$$es, now queue the Rocky Theme Song!Day after day, driving from bakery to bakery, looking for the perfect cake to present at the wife and my 30th birthday extravaganza. It was tedious work, but somebody had to do it. I felt a bit like Rocky Balboa, climbing up and down the endless flight of stairs and beating up on that hanging slab of meat. Except my stairs and cow was a fork and cake; plate to mouth lift, plate to mouth lift. You can work up a sweat just thinking about it.It's wasn't easy choosing a bakery for that top notch cake. Chocolate cake, vanilla cake, marbled, and layered, filled with strawberry jam, raspberry ganache, topped with butter cream, cream cheese icing, fondant, rum infused; it's enough to make your head spin. I had to sacrifice and dedicate the countless hours of time to complete this task; but in the end, I got it done.Good, bad, and indifferent, we made it through the first 5 or 6 opponents and ultimately found ourselves pitted against Kick Ass Kakes. Jay started throwing punches, left hook, right hook, upper cut, KO; I didn't think Rocky was ever KO'd in the movies, but maybe it was just a sugar coma - I'll go with that.Jay got behind our crazy idea for a Hot Dog shaped cake; we 'were' catering Short Leash Hot Dogs after all and wanted a fun cake to go along!  Most other bakers we met with explained 'how difficult of a job it would be', how it would be 'better as a regular cake with hot dogs designed onto it', or lets 'craft little hot dogs and place them around the cake' instead. Jay was the only baker we met with who had the confidence to actually pull off what we were looking to do, and he did not disappoint!You can check out the picture of our cake if you're interested; *view at your own risk* you might just get K.O.'d from looking at it. Ours is the cake that looks like a big hot dog! ;-)Jay battered us silly with an awesome red velvet cake, filled with a perfect cream cheese icing, topped with fondant, and shaped to look like a Short Leash Hot Dog. It was a hit, everyone was knocked out with amazement at how cool the cake looked. This was the perfect center piece to our catered celebration!Thanks again K.A.K's! You can bet we'll be around again for some of those cupcakes and macaroons you bake up daily, just let us recuperate a little before our next prized fight.
5	Ignore the fake reviews from all of the "haters." Crap, now I sound like Amy from ABC in Scottsdale. Oh well...Jay, you are the bestest!My poor little bakery loving heart was slowly being crushed by encounters with female bakery owners that seemed to be in a perpetual state of extreme PMS coupled with an obvious love for worshiping Satan and following Lord Voldemort. Then along came Jay to rescue me from my wedding cake woes!I ran into some totally unexpected drama with the person I had contracted in Sedona ("ahem- Cake Couture" to quote Jennifer A. from below.)  to bake my cake and needed to find another baker fast. I figured we could drive through Phoenix on our way up so I started looking around and found Kick Ass Kakes. Jay was so understanding, patient, kind, creative, and enthusiastic about helping me bring my wedding cake vision to life, he was everything my other baker was not. I needed somebody to make a classic looking wedding cake with some or all of the alchemy symbols from the album "Clockwork  Angels" by the band Rush, or even just the band's logo. Jay not only put the symbols on my cake in a beautiful fashion, he got every single one on there and they were flawless and beautiful. He did an AMAZING job. Jay made everything so easy for me. Once I sent him pictures of what I wanted he drew up a sketch reflecting exactly what I was asking for and e-mailed it to me, I paid him over the phone and that was it. And then he even met me on his day off so that we could get the cake on the way up to Sedona. The taste of the cake could not be beat. Not only did Jay let me choose two flavors for each tier (one regular, one vegan), they both tasted amazing. Seriously, he makes some of the best cake I have ever had, and trust me, I've had a lot of cake, I have the thighs to prove it. Brides, if you are looking for a baker in Phoenix or surrounding areas use Kick Ass! Jay is really easy to get a hold of and communicates more quickly than other bakers. And Sedona brides! Save yourself the potential drama and use Kick Ass as your bakery even if you need to pay the delivery fees or have somebody pick it up, you will not regret it!
1	The worst cake ever!  We special ordered a baby shower cake that was  in a letter "K" that represented the name Kennedy.  It was really cute  and the chef came in on a Sunday  so we could pick it up which was very nice.  Unfortunately the cake was horrible!  No one could eat it!  I saved a piece to take to them on the Monday after the shower but they were closed.  We should have just taken the cake in and had them taste it.  The cake tasted dry and it had no sweet taste to it.  The frosting was even worse!  Tasted like cardboard!  We contacted the chef and he said he was standing by his cake and it was made on Sunday which when we called on Saturday they told us the cake had been started but would not be finished until Sunday.It was super EXPENSIVE!  Thank goodness we had purchased Gigi cupcakes for the shower!  The cupcakes saved the day!
5	I ordered a cake from KAK and it was PERFECT.  I did not have a grand vision for the cake. I just knew my mom loves pocket books and some of her favorite colors are brown and green. The staff and KAK took whatever time needed to make sure to ask me questions about my cake order. They are friendly and easy to talk to. I gave my cake order in person and followed up with a few phone calls. They even called me to make sure they had it right. The customer service was excellent. When I picked up the cake, they gave me good instructions for transporting it. However, the best part was the look on my mom's face when she saw the cake. We had the cake on display during her birthday party. Strangers kept asking us if the cake was real because it was in the shape of a pocketbook. Lastly, the taste of the cake was perfect. I went with the  red velvet and cream cheese. The cake itself was heavy which mean to me a rich batter. Everyone that tasted the cake loved it. I will definitely be using KAK again for any cake I need!
5	We just got married and I am vegan.  We found KAK online and were astonished at the service and taste of the vegan cake.  We had a tasting and the non-vegans thought the vegan cake tasted better than the regular.  So many options, gorgeous designs, and it showed up on Saturday morning where we needed it.  Red velvet with a vegan cream cheese.  Amazing!
4	There is a new location in the Union at the Biltmore that has many more flavors of the macaroons. I got a cute box of 10 for $14. All kinds of colors and flavors, my favorite was the lavender, followed by the Nutella version.
5	Ordered a Vegan chocolate cake, with Buttercream frosting for our 10 year anniversary. This cake was amazing, better then we expected. We requested an usual cake for two people, its not on their menu, but they gladly made it for us. It lasted two days. After the first bite, it was so delicious we definitely could have went up a size.We are looking forward to our next cake and highly recommend them.
3	Pretty good. The shop is beautiful and immaculate. The woman who helped us wasn't the friendliest but she was by no means rude. Tried some macarons, which I thought were disappointing. They looked perfect but they tasted only of powdered sugar. I was expecting a lot more subtle almond flavor from the flour that makes the cookie, in addition to the designated flavors that we picked. Also tried a cupcake, which was good. I thought the frosting was the best part.
1	Well, I tried to work with Kick Ass Kakes, however after calling and leaving 2 messages, and speaking to an individual, who probably was Jay (the owner) pretending not to be himself, I never heard back from them.   My sister ordered a cake from them and was told her cake was going to look a certain way and it certainly did not.  Very disappointed with her wedding cake!  She is too nice to complain.  Thank goodness I am not like her.  From the brief conversation that I had, I believe they never called me back because I was flabbergasted at the fact that they wanted to charge me $150 for a 6'' cake.  Anyways, I am glad I took my business elsewhere.  Good luck Jay and Kiss Ass Kakes! :)If you are looking for a vegan bakery, definitely order with Treehouse Bakery.
5	I was walking around the area and stumbled upon this place. I was planning a trip to a French bakery in the next month or so for macarons, but I didn't have to after finding KAK. I bought 2 of each of the Nutella, vanilla, and strawberry. So far, the vanilla is my favorite. I didn't find them stale or dry at all; they were perfect and the filling was soft and smooth. I would love to order a cake from here someday--maybe for someone's birthday. The pictures look yummy.
5	I ordered a cake for 50 for my husband's retirement party, which was held at Maizie's Cafe & Bistro nearby. I was a pleasure working with Jay & his shop. I provided photos of a City of Phoenix Police badge and asked for the cake to duplicate the details.  When I went to pick up the cake Jay was very accommodating so I could get it later in order to keep it refrigerated. The result was spectacular, with details that guests could not believe were made from fondant and frosting. The cake was incredibly moist and delicious and generous in size.  Thank you Kick Ass Kakes for providing great customer service, an over the top product and adding a wow factor to our event!
5	I ordered a dozen macarons for a bridal shower I was hosting and they were the best macarons I've ever had. They were definitely a hit at the party. I ordered yellow and grey as the lemon and earl grey honey flavor. So good!
5	Very moist !!!!!! Yummy 6 flavors to pick so we got one of each to try   Love the lemon, hubby really liked the red velvet, Oreo one was good but I needed a little more flavor in that one. Try their "macaroons" will say their best I've had so far Will stop in next time in Phoenix prices not bad either compared to other cupcake/bakery places
1	ooof - I went in on a Saturday, about 2 hours after they'd opened, and there was almost nothing in their cases.  It didn't really look like they'd sold out of stuff - they hade one case with a handful of unappetizing flavors of macaroons (earl grey macaroons??) and another case with five flavors of cupcakes.  I wanted to try the varieties so I got one of each - brought them home and discovered that the cupcake itself was dry and the buttercream was too buttery (I thought that was impossible, but even my husband disliked the frosting - like eating a stick of butter).  The woman who helped me was a little rough around the edges - not exactly rude, but less than professional.  I don't care that I live half a block away - you couldn't pay me to go back.  I'll stick with Barb's, thank you very much!!
3	I ordered a few hundred macarons for my anniversary party recently. KAK had great customer service, so I'd give them 4 to 5 stars for that. But unfortunately, the macarons we received did not taste great. In fact, they were overly sugary, dry, and lacking in overall flavor. More attention was put into the coloring, than actually making them taste good. Size of the cookies and consistency was an issue as well. Some were quite large while others were normal sized, which made for an awkward presentation on the macaron tower. Some were fat, others thin. While I appreciate so much effort was put into the coloring, I just wish that effort was also put into the taste.  If I have a chance, I'll try their cakes in the future, since I believe that is their expertise. But I simply can't recommend the macarons.
5	Placed an order for my daughter's 16th birthday. Fast response through email. Very friendly to deal with through both email & phone. I only gave a vague idea through an example picture of wanting a two tier cake with music notes on it.I decided on two different flavors for each tier. Got white cake with chocolate mousse filling & chocolate cake with strawberry filling. Went for pick up and was not disappointed at all! I loved it. As did everyone at the party. Taste included, not just looks.Fantastic job, I couldn't have been happier with the results for an important birthday!
4	I worked with Jay on ordering cupcakes for my recent wedding at the Desert Botanical Garden.  He and his team even designed "Chihuly inspired blown glass" (sugar) cupcakes for us!  They looked beautiful and tasted great too!
3	We came here for the macarons and we were not disappointed by selection. The earl grey, vanilla, and chocolate were pretty good. Crisp/chewy the way a macaron should be. The lemon left something to be desired but I like a tart, strong flavor. Most of the  flavors were a bit sugary but overall decent.
5	Review long over dueI purchased a cake from the central location for my court house wedding a week away (small, private thing. Only about 10 people knew). I wanted something small, simple, %100 vegan and cost effective. They delivered on everything. I spoke with Jay directly when I ordered the cake, he even recommended ribbons along the edges in red giving it a cute personalized touch. It was also delivered on time by jay himself. It was a 2 tier red velvet cake to feed about 30-40 people, lasted only two days in my household. Thank you kick Ass kakes. You have my future business!
5	I ordered a cake for my daughters graduation and going away party and they nailed it! Delicious and well designed, the University of Arizona/NYC theme was a hit! But most of all the customer service and communication were excellent! Thank you Jay and Tandra, very well done!
2	Really disappointing...I was really looking forward to a tasty cupcake based on the prior reviews, but it didn't meet the mark.  I tried a red velvet and my husband had the lemon cupcake.  The cake was dry (both) and the icing (especially the lemon) had absolutely no flavor to it.  They even iced the lemon cupcake while we were waiting...think they missed an ingredient or two - oops!
1	This store seems to be very hit and miss. I had ordered a 2 tiered wonder woman cake and it was perfect and I loved it. If it had been that experience alone I would have given them 5 stars but unfortunately it is not. I also ordered a lady gaga cake and this one missed the mark. The fondant it's lumpy and the piping it's extremely uneven. When I called to voice my disappointment the decorator Jay would not have it. He changed the cake was perfect and that if I wanted a specific look I should have agreed for it.  I will post pictures of the cake and what I feel the problem areas are. Sadly, I will find a new cake shop BC of his reaction and the quality.**UPDATE 8-6-14**Someone from KAK has been harassing me on Yelp sending me messages as to question the validity of my statements. Claiming that I must have left the cake in the sun or that for some reason the quality of the cake is my own fault. Truth is I was unable to confront Jay face to face because I was uncomfortable with that but made sure to call him as soon as I left the store. The cake was kept cool under the AC in my brand new car and at no time had extreme exposure to the AZ heat. Jay had told me that the fondant was still soft because he had just finished the cake, mind you I ordered it nearly a month in advance. Never will I ever deal with this establishment and I will make sure that no one I know will go to this place.
5	Best cake I have ever tasted and I for one am not a cake lover at all. My husband and I ordered one a cake for our wedding held on April 20, 2013, we wanted a cake that was being displayed at the store but didn't want it to be made with fondant,  Jay worked with us and made it out of buttercream. All of the flavors we picked were amazing ranging from banana bread with fresh bananas to red velvet with cream cheese. I am currently pregnant and my husband cannot wait for the baby shower which won't be until January of 2015. He's already thinking about what flavors he wants the cake to be.
1	Saw this guy on 3TV segment.  Just a heads up he was rolling little balls of fondant in his bare hands and sticking them on a side of a cake.  If you want to eat food that has been rolled around in someone's bare hands by all means give this place a try.
4	1st time visit, clean front house display area. Bought two cupcakes, strawberry/strawberry and banana macadamia. Both delish, $2.50ea. Creamy icing and moist cake. Perfect icing/cake ratio.
1	I was going to give KickAssKakes a visit, but after reading some of the YELP reviews, I decided to take my business elsewhere.  To me customer service is just as important as the cake itself.  I appreciate the honesty of folks that write reviews for YELP.  Thank you for keeping a business"honest."
5	We were fortunate enough to have a cake from Kick Ass gifted to us for our wedding in downtown PHX last night. The cake was beyond perfect, attention to detail was amazing and the red velvet cake was the best ever. Our friend that gifted us the cake told the entire room about this company, how they jumped through hoops and they made the PERFECT cake for our marriage. Kick ass truly knows "marriage equality" and cake superbness!
2	The only reason I give this a two star is purely because the customer service was fantastic. I will say this was a positive I experienced. I contacted Jay via email, and he got back to me very quickly, and his shop staff were very friendly. My cupcakes were not ready at the time I requested to pick them up, which wasn't too big of a deal, as everyone was very apologetic and sincere. Unfortunately the cupcakes themselves were awful. I can say that I have had better tasting cupcakes from Walmart. I ordered a dozen cupcakes, 6 with pink bows, and 6 with blue ties. The decoration did okay, but seemed liked something I could have done myself with some help, but the cupcakes were nearly frozen in the middle, stale, and the icing was hard. This could have been due to the fact that I was suppose to pick up my cupcakes on a Friday, but due to a car accident I was not able to get them until Monday. I did how ever send an email to Jay letting him know this Thursday evening. To me it tasted as if the cupcakes were made several days in advance and left in the walk in frig. Again, 3 of my cupcakes were practically frozen in the middle. I was pretty disappointed as I had heard great things about KAK, and was looking forward to using them in the future for other needs, but I will not be utilizing their services anymore.
