3	Lamb is the specialty. They can make sangria with your wine too.
4	While going toward chuchai i noticed this place and the amusing sign.  Then i discovered that chuchai was closed.  I was looking for something vegetarian and read the menu on whim only to realize that this was one of the few places in the area that had anything that a vegetarian can eat.  Not just that, there was more than just a salad on the menu that was suitable for a vegetarian. The food was good but more notable, the service was great and made the evening very enjoyable.  The place is a BYOB like many of the other places in the area, there is a wine store on the corner and its a good  idea to hop over and grab a bottle before heading in if you want something to drink.
4	the name might translate to "black sheep", but I doubt I would shun this BYOB restaurant.we checked this place out for a late lunch. the lunch menu is limited (there were about 10 or so options, I believe), but also cost effective and filling: pretty much around $10-18 dollars for a great portion that didn't leave you bloated but definitely vanquished your hunger.I opted for a steak with fries and grilled vegetables. the steak was nice and tender, and had a great glaze of soy sauce (though it did not have the taste of the 48900% daily sodium intake like most soy sauces) and black pepper. the fries were crispy and not greasy - I really love how Canadians make fries!service was excellent, though to be fair there was only one other occupied table. I guess few people eat lunch at 2:30 in this area.their dinner menu seems to have much more offerings. their specialty is lamb, but there are plenty of options for other meats, as well as some seafood and vegetarian meals. a few of the plates on the menu seemed to be Italian- and Asian- influenced, which certainly seems to be a testament to Montreal's status as a truly multicultural city.the atmosphere was great. casual, with some great French jazz music playing at a comfortable volume. the paintings were pretty sweet, I thought. one had a pile of skulls underneath a mushroom cloud, while another resembled the royalty from a deck of cards fighting it out.
5	I found a diamond in rough.This place has amazing service, very knowledgable and very friendly .I had the wild Quebec lamb, it was absolutely the best I ever had in Montreal.The portions was very generous , the quality is incredible !
4	Great BYOB restaurant for Lamb lovers. Try their Lamb chops and pair it with a good Pinot Noir or merlot.
5	I found a diamond in rough.This place has amazing service, very knowledgable and very friendly .I had the wild Quebec lamb, it was absolutely the best I ever had in Montreal.The portions was very generous , the quality is incredible !
4	I hade also had the Quebec Lamb waou it was yummy deliciously made. The restaurant is amazing, with a very friendly and professional service. Happy dining!
