1	If you don't mind or are used to being treated like you really don't matter or just another patient, this is certainly the place to go to.  I don't know if she was just having a bad day, but the woman in scrubs at check in this afternoon 10/21/2014  was very smug and  had a scowled look on her face.  I was going to use Dr. Stein to perform a preventive screening colonoscopy and was told I would not be meeting him until right  before the procedure.  Seems to me that if you are going into the doctors office to set up the procedure and paying the specialist insurance copay you would at least meet the doctor before.  I really felt like they cared less about me personally and also my business.  Guess they have enough business looking at the parking lot and waiting room.  I decided not to use them and opted to use someone a little more personable and caring.  This place looks like it is run like a production line, herd em in and herd em out.
5	Dr. Saperstein and his staff are great. Very professional and knowledgeable. I also appreciate that he took the time to answer all of my questions and explain something further if it was complex or needed additional clarification.Bottom line- he was able to diagnose my issue, it has been treated successfully, and I feel great today.
5	Had a referral to this office for a routine colonoscopy. I was screened via telephone initially and was offered a nurse-only visit. I was fine with that as I wasn't having any problems. The person screening did say I could have an appointment with the doctor first if I preferred, but this would save a copay and I didn't really feel I needed to see him, so I went the nurse route. She was very thorough and spent quit a bit of time reviewing the colonoscopy prep with me. The financial person also explained my benefits at length (anesthesiology is not contracted with BCBS, FYI). I was scheduled for my procedure 1 week later.Another nurse called several days prior to the procedure to go over the information again and ask if I had any questions. I was expected to arrive at 2pm for my procedure, which was scheduled at 3pm. I guess they were early and I was quick, because I was done with my procedure and in recovery by 245pm. I met both the doc and the nurse anesthetist prior to the procedure and both were very nice and appeared caring. The nurses were very thorough and pleasant. I especially liked the reindeer antlers one was wearing ;) Overall, a great experience. Will not hesitate to return there in the future for any problems or routine testing.
