5	Skip RnR and walk 10 feet for a better burger, service and atmosphere! Hangover burger is insane! Actor/Comedian Brian Posehn was walking in as we were leaving.
5	great place, love the atmosphere. Great food, only bad thing was they forgot the cheese on our Bacon Cheeseburgers. The waitress needs to relax a little and have fun. Would definately go back.
5	tried this new joint craving a good burger and it delivered! I had the turkey island burger and my girlfriend had the mushroom swiss burger. Both were juicy and cooked perfectly. It offers two sizes and the even the smaller portion is enough. The service was great and friendly and the decor had an "island feel". The bar had any and every spirit possible. Try the spicy ketchup with your amazing sweet potato tots. We are definitely going back to try something new!
5	Did I ask them to cook my burger perfectly... no, but they did!!!As a matter of fact they never did ask me how I wanted my 10 ounce burger cooked, but when it came out and I had my first taste I knew it was love at first bight! I dont think I have ever had a better cooked or tastier burger in my life! The carmlized onions were bliss and the pretzle bun had just the right heft to hold up to this massive burgerThe place was only 11 days old on our visit so when the Pig Wings didnt fly, that misfire was excused, but with a tad more work this intersting cut of pork could soar. The "wings" were just a tad dry and the sauce was one dimentional, but I like the concept. Our server offered the wedge salad $5 and said it was good- she was flat out lying, it was amazing! By far the very best wedge I ever ate, made myself, or served any one of my customers. Our group of 3 were still talking about it 3 days later, and we are all foodies that work in the Biz.One of the owners stopped by the table to chat, that was a nice touch and her crazy beautifull smile was a more then welcome addition to our lunch.Is this the best restaurant in town... Heck No! it's far to cassual to compete with the very best, but its my new favorite place in Old Town.jv
5	Great food and an amazingly friendly staff. The burgers are massive.
5	Excellent burgers and excellent servers
5	Normally I don't go to eat in downtown Scottsdale because my experience has been overpriced, overhyped food -- served with a side of attitude. It's as if they assume because of their location or the head-twitching house beat in the background, the food and service don't matter all that much. No so with "RBT". I loved this place. We've already been there twice and we will definitely be back. The menu is creative (I recommend the "pig wings") and the burgers are high quality for the price. I especially like the "pretzel" burger rolls, although I wish they were offered on both the small and large burgers, not just the large.The ambiance is casual beach-boardwalk with a touch of Maui, complete with fishtank HD screens and tropical slide-show picture frames. It's well done but not over-done. The wait staff is friendly and easy on the eyes to say the least. The beer is extra cold and crisp (no "old tap" taste like some other Scottsdale establishments - yuk) and they are good at keeping an eye on the level in your glass. I also appreciated that one of the owners came to our table to chat.I am somwhat stingy with my five-star ratings, but this place earned one easily. Overall, it fits everything I'm looking for in a casual dining experience.
5	Went here yesterday with a couple friends and to be honest, I was quite impressed. The staff wasn't too in your face and their burgers were phenomenal. We started with some chicken wings that were scrumptious to say the least and didn't last long between the 3 of us. A friend and I shared the "Rehab" size of the Chili Burger and it was delish. With the Pretzel bun and sweet potato tater tots, I was in love! Although her and I both agreed " WE WANT MORE CHILI!" on the burger next time. I am now addicted  and the only treatment is more Rehab.
1	I was looking forward to checking this place out after reading the reviews on Yelp.  It's decorated in a beach theme and seems like a fun atmosphere.I sat at the bar and it took a little while to get my menu.  I ordered the bacon cheeseburger.And then I waited.  And I waited.  A half hour after I sat down at the bar I still didn't have any food.  I put a couple bucks on the bar for my Sprite and walked out.
5	Oreganos is missing out!   Rehab has one of the best burgers I've ever tasted and the sweet potato tots are incredible!
5	Oh burger heaven, how can I ever repay you?I love my burgers.... and what can I say?? I am impressed... The Burger... the POBLANO buger.... man oh man, that burger has the right amount of kick, and the burger itself melts in your mouth... just typing this review makes me want to drive over there and get one. But they have a HUGE selection of burgers you can try, and the option to make your own burger. Get the pretzel bun, you won't be disappointed. The Fries... I believe they're called "Skin-On fries," well let me tell you about these fries... They're the perfect balance of soft and crispy, and that mermaid dust... I only dream about it. You're probably asking yourself, "What's mermaid dust?" Well my friends let me tell you, its this magical dust that they put on their fries... and it's best flavor you'll ever taste... I can't even describe how perfect it is. Not to mention that it goes great with the spicy ketchup. YUMThe Drink- I got a Dos Equis... and that was only because I was craving it. But I do know that they have a decent selection of beers, and other drinks. They have excellent daily drink specials... and that  is number one in my book. The Staff... I would have to agree with some of the previous reviewers, they're not in your face... but they're attentive. And they're up for recommending burgers for you. The service overall was impressive, and VERY quick. Super friendly. Will I come back? HECK YES. I might actually head over there right now. :)
5	A fine addition to the old town food scene. Top quality burgers, beer, service and decor. This is a relaxing place to hangout with friends/family. Try the chicken wings and the wedge salad (not on the menu). They also have a nice patio for the cooler months.
4	Beachy vibes and good burgers (including turkey and veggie menu options). The staff here (especially the waitresses) are incredibly personable and witty.  Would definitely recommend this place. Awesome service! Stop by if you're walking through Old-Town, and visit often.  We need cute, and fun places to stay downtown.  And they have a patio!  Would be perfect to come here during the evening to have a few beers and hang out.
5	My co-worker and I came here during our lunch break. We decided to check it out since it just opened. Their burgers were amazing and their fries have this mermaid dust (which tasted exactly like Lucas). I got the burger with the onion rings and BBQ sauce! I had their smaller burger and it was more than enough! The service was good and atmosphere felt like we were at the beach. There was a TV monitor that looked like they had an aquarium! It was so cute and probably low maintenance. Just remember they are closed on Monday!
5	If happiness is derived from a great meal, then I am the happiest man in the world. This place was awesome. The BYOB with lettuce and bacon was mouthwatering. The service was quick to respond and very friendly. The atmosphere was relaxing and I will be a valued customer from now on. Burger please, I do believe. I am now an avid fan of this great little nook in Scottsdale.
4	We chose the B.Y.O.B burger, always a fan of keeping it real! The B.Y.O.B. burger stands for build your own burger, and our only addition was the cheese. They have plenty to choose from so you can find one to suit your taste. All burgers, and sandwiches , come with your choice of Skin-On-Fries or Sweet PoTOToes, which are sweet potato tater tots. Definitely go with the tots and ask for a side of the teriyaki pineapple aioli. They make it in house and it is to die for. Perfect for the tots. You can thank us later. If you do choose the fries, get the spicy ketchup to accompany them, its' also made in house.Read our review here...http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=894
5	OMG (regarding wait time complaint). Yes it takes a few minutes to cook 10 oz of beef to perfection. Slow down, order a specialty drink and enjoy this place!! Yes, I tried the wings (I always do) They were awesome. They call them medium but they were pretty hot, I ordered a side of hot sauce and that was great,  No complaints. But you must try the PIG WINGS!!! They are like bone-in riblets, pig drumettes, whatever... with spicy sweet peach hot sauce that is just worth the trip. And the burgers are great, 10 oz is HUGE, Everything cooked as ordered. The Hatch Chile burger was especially good. Staff was fast, fun, environment was full of energy and a very ecclectic clientele which I crave here in the desert. The beer was cold, and the bartender whipped up some specialty frinks that would knock even a seasoned drinker on their A-S-S. Try the blue rufie if you're a wimpy drinker, tastes like candy. Also good is the blueberry martini. YES, FULL BAR. Burger buns were really good, maybe they flew em in from Jersey but AZ never gets bread this good. No complaints ...will be back. Oh, and girls hula hoop in the parking lot if you get bored. They will share.
5	Burger specialty restaurants always concern me. The idea is so simple, yet the outcome is invariably bad. A burger craving eventually led me to purchasing the yelp deal and checking Rehab out myself. Walking in reminded me of San Diego more than Scottsdale with its beach-themed decor. And like its decor there is a general laid-back, no-frills ambiance which pervades the place. The servers are welcoming and attentive. When they heard we had purchased the yelp deal, the owner even came to thank us for our patronage. The specialty burgers are a nice touch, and being able to build your own burger makes the possible combinations endless. We went with a classic Bacon Cheeseburger and the Hangover. Each comes with fries or sweet potato tots. Also you choose your own bun which is a nice touch (pretzel bun is worth a try). They also have tons of different sauces which they give to you on the side. The burgers are cooked well and the taste of the burgers is not overwhelmed by over-the-top sauces or seasonings. Impressed with Rehab as a whole and will definitely be back for more burger in the future.
3	We here with a friend that had been there a week before. The way he described it put me in the mind set I was about to eat a piece of meaty heaven and a cloud like bun. So we went on a Friday night around 6 pm. The place has a nice chill atmosphere. The wait staff is very nice. We started with an appetizer of Pig Wings, which are little ribs on the bone covered in a sweet and spicy peach and hablanero bbq sauce. They were mighty tasty but took at least 20 min to come out.  Like most places in phoenix, they had Four Peaks beers on tap. This is fine with me. So we had a few beers, the ordered our burgers.I ordered there specialty burger, The Hangover: Fried egg, bacon and a split green chili on it on a pretzel bun. As a side I choose the sweet potato tots. The burger was cook perfect to my order, but lacked seasoning. Even with a green chili on it I didn't get the heat I was expecting.  The bacon was crispy and the egg was cooked nice. The pretzel bun was excellent. It wasn't a bad burger but it didn't have that wow factor I was looking for.  The side of sweet potato tots was great. They even give you a side spicy catsup. This was good, but with sweet potato tots you need to serve them with a maple, or sweet sauce. So overall I would go back to give this place a second chance. My friend had a BBQ burger that I want to try. So check the place out. It is worth it.
5	I've never been much of a quitter but I'm thinking I may need a longer stint in Rehab.   This place is great.   These people made one of my other fav's so why not start anew.  We started with the Pig Wings (the sauce will be my new favorite on everything), YUM.   We proceeded to have the burgers (Hatch Chili Burgers and Mush/Swiss).  The hub ordered a 1/2 Shelby Spinach Shalad (he wasn't sharing).   We enjoyed the Fries (I did not see a Mermaid) and Tots (oh so good).   I recommend the sauces in this order  Peach Habanero, Spicy Ketchup, Chipotle Aioli, Stellar Mustard, Teriyaki Pineapple Aioli.    Like we really needed more so we had the Key lime pie.   The team at Rehab are great!   Everyone is helpful and engaging.   Whatever your addiction, they have the Therapy!   See you soon.
5	A gem in old town!!!This was a roll of the dice tonight. We wanted a burger and we were around Scottsdale. It came up on Yelp with great reviews.My only complaint is that there is not one closer to my home in QC.  The food was great!! Burger cooked perfect.  Had an appetizer of the Pig Wings.  A must!! They would be a great Happy Hour order. In the mood or a burger and don't want the standard fast food, don't let the Old Town Scottsdale scare you away from trying this place!!BTW... The owners are the same owners as Oregano's Pizza...
5	I have tried to find a decent burger place for months now.  I'm happy to say this place has succeeded in satisfying my cravings.  The burgers are great and as a bonus, the wings were amazing too.  I really loved the service and had the feeling that the employees really enjoyed being there.  My only complaint f I had to come up with one is that the "hot" wings; weren't as spicy as I like.  They were perfect in flavor, but It would be nice to find a wing place with sauce as tasty as this but super hot.  I love a good heat challenge.  Good job on the burgers guys.  I loved every bite.  I'll be back soon for more.**Update, I tried the pig wings this time and would happily order them again.  They were simply great and just as perfect as the photos of them here suggest.  Your staff was as helpful as always in suggesting I try them and with drink suggestions.  I wish you guy were closer to where I live, but your worth the half hour drive.
4	Well just let me say:  "The food  is amazing".   Great little spot with super, super service!   The bartender, John, was the best!  The chili was the best I have ever had.  Burger was on a nice brioche roll and cooked just as ordered. Chef send out several samples to try and everything was delicious.  Chipotle aioli and pineapple sauce were delicious.  Sweet potato tots were great.  Very nice frozen margarita and margarita on the rocks.  Several other options if you are not a burger fan. Tuna salad was very good.  Will  definitely be back!
5	My fellow AA members (affordable alcohol), you need not worry about your massive hangover!For it has become a burger, yes The Hangover is not just a movie & a state of "man I'm never gonna drink like that anymore" feeling; you know who you are Mr. Patron!Now a Hangover is also a burger served at the Rehab Burger Therapy!  When I first walked into this bar I thought of Bar Rescue on Spike -- where's Jon Taffer!?  The place had some pretty cool decor and design; surfboards, guitars, and an aquatic background.  Anyways, I sat at the bar where I was greeted with a smile.  Great service here I must add!  Read the menu up and down and decided to go with the Hangover.  Boys, I saw her first!  It was DE-licous with a capitol D!  For Damn!!! That was good!  Medium done with bacon, fried egg, colby cheese, and green chilies - Yum!  I went with the Relapse, which was a smaller version of the regular sized burger.  HH everyday till 6pm so if you can make it I definitely would stop by.  The place has the rock n roll, surfer, tiki ambience.  Reminded my friend of Hawaii she claims.  I've never been to HI, but personal I'm content with being at the Rehab for now with a few drinks and enjoying a Hangover - yes I said enjoy the Hangover. - Enjoy!
4	8/16/12Mom wanted burgers, so I searched Yelp for a gourmet burger place I'd bookmarked for awhile.Arriving before Mom, sis, and nephew, I noticed that I was the only customer there for a late lunch (it was around 3:45p).  However, by the time the rest of my party arrived, another family had been seated.  I instantly liked the Hawai'ian surf theme, noticing the grass skirts, surfboards, and beautiful tandem bicycles on display.  The seating areas nearest to the entrance of the restaurant were quite warm (100-degree weather out there!), so we asked to be seated where it was coolest, and we were directed to the community table across the cash register, which was conveniently located near the kitchen and restroom areas.  There were many TVs adorning the walls, but they all played surfing videos, which was fine by me.  I can't recall even one of them playing anything else (news/ESPN), but I might have missed one or two...Prior to my party's arrival, I had asked if the bar stocked Four Peaks' Peach ale.  I was told no, but that they carried Kiltlifter and 8th Street Ale.  John, one of the two males that seemed in charge (business partners?), offered to let me sample something similar I might like, and I already knew what he was going to say next... Mr. Pineapple.  I've never tried it, but I had spoken to a San Tan rep from a previous tasting elsewhere who had suggested I look for it.  After trying it here at RBT, I have to say I don't care for it, but I thank John for letting me sample it!  Since Mom and sis love mushroom and swiss burgers, they already knew what they wanted- rehab-sized (to share), on a pretzel bun, with sweet po"tot"oes.  There isn't a child's menu, perse, but our server John pointed out that there is a four-item "light bites" section (for those looking for healthier alternatives) my  nephew could choose from... We just ordered a "relapse" portion of the Bacon cheeseburger, with fries.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3l54GTr8-E3XPbIxnF_sAA?select=TfJ4J3w_9abK3A1nrK1NQA#TfJ4J3w_9abK3A1nrK1NQA  You should note that "relapse" burgers automatically come with brioche buns.  You may ask them to substitute wheat or pretzel buns, but these are meant to top 10 oz. patties, so your 5 oz patty will look tinier in one (which explains my chile burger photo). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3l54GTr8-E3XPbIxnF_sAA?select=wJNfZX6r6zkuwDFsu6wz0g#wJNfZX6r6zkuwDFsu6wz0gThe burgers were very good!  We all ordered them cooked medium, and they were juicy and tender, yet had a nice chew, and so flavorful.  A woman who came to check up on us said that they experimented a long time to find the patties they wanted to use at the resto.  My sister said that the burger was the best she's tasted in a very long time, if ever!  And Mom whispered to me a couple of days later that she "could've eaten the whole thing" herself!  While the sweet po"tot"oes were OK, they weren't as fun to eat as the French fries.  The fries must've been twice-cooked, for they were, to us, perfectly crispy, yet not crumbly-crisp that they disintegrated.  Nicely-seasoned-- not too salty.  Thanks to Ken for making a batch of Chocolate Lava milkshake for the kids present to sample.  My nephew wasn't interested in trying it, so I gladly took it.  I was expecting something frosty and thick, and this concoction just tasted and felt like a glass of chocolate milk.  I abandoned it after a couple of sips and just ate the tiny bar of Hershey's sitting on top... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3l54GTr8-E3XPbIxnF_sAA?select=_79QcNtx9XeSkE-AxlwQMg#_79QcNtx9XeSkE-AxlwQMg  Ken asked for my opinion, which was what I just wrote here, and he said I'd have to come in again and try one of their "adult" milkshakes.  I asked if they added Kahlua in it, and he said I'd have to come in and find out!  OK, challenge accepted!Rehab, I think you're going to see us come in again very soon, so will you please stock up on Four Peaks' peach ale?  :)p.s.  I love that the restroom (or at least the women's restroom) was stocked with white hand towels.  This lent a more welcoming feel to the place.  I like.  :)
5	Great food, awesome workers! Loved the environment! The best wings I've every had! :)
4	I had the Hawaiian Burger today:  Black Forest Ham, Swiss Cheese, Fresh Cut Pineapple and a side of Teriyaki Pineapple Aioli. I chose the pretzel bun.  The place was clean, the staff friendly and attentive, and the food was really good and cooked as ordered (medium had pink in the center and was juicy).   I would return, and bring friends.
5	Great place! Obviously all the burgers are top notch. The Rehab burger is over a half pound of juicy deliciousness. You can also get a half size burger thst is still plenty big.  They cook the burgers the way you order them. Too many places ask how you want your burger cooked than completely ignore your choice. Plenty of non burger choices too, delicious salads, yummy sandwiches and wonderful pastas. Awesome milkshakes, fries, sweet potato tots and pig wings (just try it). Great drink specials and happy hour for the cocktail and beer drinkers. Last but not least is a friendly and knowledgeable staff eager to please. Run, don't walk over to Rehab today!
3	My burger was tasty but not spectacular. The pretzel roll was actually the best part of the burger. The decor and vibe were cool.
5	It's been three hours since I finished eating at Rehab Burger Therapy and I'm still stuffed.  I had their Backyard BBQ Burger and when it came out with a huge knife through the middle of a soft Brioche bun and with two HUGE onion rings I thought I was in heaven (with a little indigestion).  The burger was cooked perfect and the Spicy Ketchup rocked.  The fries that came with were just ordinary (under seasoned) but the dipping sauces made it worth the calories.My mother had the hatch Chili Burger which was equally great mainly because of the chili's, chipotle aioli and the incredible Pretzel Bun.  I don't think I would order another sandwich from here without the Pretzel Bun.  She also had the Sweet Potato tots which which were a great twist on regular fries.We had a very small amount of room left in our tummy so we decided to split an Orange Milkshake. Great decision!  It tasted like the old Orangecicle from my youth.  It was nice and smooth and not so thick that it gave you a shake ache.Place was fun, service was friendly and food was outstanding.  Will go back again soon!
5	Found this place by accident....and what a nice surprise!!  It was beachy...which I love, it was clean, the staff was all VERY friendly....and the Cobb salad......the best I've ever had!!Note to management: great job on the staff training! I travel for a living and NEVER find staff members do much more than collect your money! Your folks engaged the customers in conversation, checked back on us...just the right amount....and made the visit very warm and enjoyable!!  Great job!!
5	There is some serious burger therapy going on at this place. My friends in Tempe have been raving about this place so I was excited when they took me here during a recent visit. We started off with the pig wings, great little rib bites in a spicy peach BBQ sauce. The sauce was so good I wish licking plates in public was not frowned upon. I decided to go with the mushroom and Swiss burger on a pretzel bun. Simple, yet really flavorful. They also brought out some spectacular sauces: spicy ketchup, aioli and some extra peach BBQ sauce! Service was excellent and friendly. I can't wait to come back.
5	Amazing burgers reasonable prices.   I finally find a great place to get a burger in old town.  Go here a try this great service also.
5	Came in here on a random mid-week night with a few friends. When we got there, we were greeted and seated immediately. Our server was very bubbly and explained every aspect of the restaurant and menu to us. I was incredibly impressed. We all order our food. I got the Rehab BBQ burger (11 oz) and our server recommended the pretzel bun. Food came out quickly and it was soooo good. Hands down one of the best burgers I've ever had. They also had a bunch of awesome dipping sauces and another bottled sauce that's to die for. Everyone I was with loved their food. I was only able to finish half my burger, and I have a big appetite. The fries were great too. It's so nice to find a nicely priced restaurant and bar in Old Town that also has great service and great food. I've already brought friends in again to try it out and they loved it too. Can't wait to go back.
5	The food was Awesome the staff was awesome; In fact just about every waitress and waiter stopped by our table to say hi and ask how the food was. We had the Hawaiian burger  and the Bacon cheese burger, fries and the sweet poToTos. all of their Aioli sauces served with the burgers and sides were really tasty. Did i mention how great the staff was? We gave it 12 stars and will be going back for more!!!!!! I recommend it to any one.
5	great service, great atmosphere, great food!  what more do you need to say :)  go there!
4	The Manpanion and I are BIG on burgers. In the week that the Manpanion was here, we visited this awesome burger joint TWICE! Of course, I'm definitely making my way back. The atmosphere is extremely friendly. They really treat you like you're part of the family and as a newbie to the area, this really means a lot. During our first visit, there was a glitch in the kitchen, which delayed our order. Our waitress explained what happened and said that we'd get a slice of key lime pie on the house. We thought this as a really nice gesture... until we realized how LONG this wait was going to be. (Note: The Manpanion and I came in HUNGRY, so to have our meal delayed made us really CRANKY.) Since we finally received our burgers near closing time, we took the key lime pie to go.The burgers (both times we went) were absolutely delicious! Yes. They were SO good that we were able to forgive the long wait during that first visit. The regular sized burgers are pretty hefty and consistently tasty. So far, my fave is the Hawaiian burger. It's meaty, so next time I'll opt for the smaller size. The Manpanion is all about the Hangover. You MUST have the tots or the fries. A major plus is they give you different sauces! Tip: The pineapple sauce goes perfect with the tots!This is a yummy place and I give the folks major kudos for winning me over, despite a not-so-stellar first visit.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place. We found it because o the yelp deal. We had the calamari and the quesdaillio which were both delicious! For our entrees I had a Caesar salad and my friend had the chicken sandwich. Huge servings perfect for left overs.I also have to give a shoutout to our waitress Cheryl from jersey. She was hilarious and always kept my diet coke filled.The atmosphere is great and the place has awesome positive energy. Will be back soon.
2	My boyfriend, roommate and I went here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon because everywhere else was packed for football. This location is not known to do too well as it is sort of off the beaten path in Old Town, however  they have misters flowing out into the street as to draw in a crowd on a hot day, works for me! We were greeted immediately by a very peppy young lady and seated at a corner table. It took our server 5 or 6 minutes to come greet us, as we would later find out she had a new cell phone and was getting a tutorial from another table? Kinda odd. They had some drink specials going on so we ordered mimosas. About 10 minutes later our mimosas were dropped off (mind you there were 3 or 4 other tables in the entire restaurant) our server didn't say anything about the long wait for the drinks and went right into explaining the special of the day... after we had been sitting for almost 20 minutes... pretty sure we had all made up our minds! I hate to say the burgers were bad... but if you have "burger" in your restaurant name, you should probably know how to cook them. One was ordered med-rare and came out with not a spec of pink to be found, the other other burger was ordered medium and came out very well done, burnt even. The sweet tots were room temperature and the seasoned fries were... well stale. On a good positive note they have a lot of unique burgers with fun toppings... if only they could cook them correctly. The atmosphere was great, the service was slow paced and a little overbearing at times (she shoved her cell phone in my face to see if I knew any cool tricks), and the food left something to be desired. One last thing, they sell this amazing sauce called "Madison's M Sauce" for $5 a bottle!  After we covered our sweet tots and fries in it we were able to choke them down :)
5	What a Great Clean suprise in Scottsdale , with all the over done facades, this place KNOWS HOW TO PLEASE the customer right from first contact !   This burger place is awesome and the great selection for a burger is the best hands down !  Hatch Green chili , out of this world , Thanks for the recommdation from the best wait staff in this Scottsdale !   The tabel side visits were frequent , and a visit from Willy , (owener ) Top of the class in Customer service !  Thank you for bringing  a true fresh burger place ALIVE in Scottsdale , and stay strong , Love to keep YOU and the Rehab Burger Therapy around for a long run in the valley .   WE WILL be back to treat ourseoves to the rest of the menu after WE REHAB from the monster buger we just ate !
4	good food, good service, good vibe great place to eat at before a night in old town.
4	09/26/123.5 stars.For my second visit, I brought Mom, her two sisters, and a cousin along to take advantage of a Yelp deal I bought for Mom.  We couldn't sit at the community table we had enjoyed before, since it was reserved for another party, but we were able to get a five-top by getting two tables next to each other.  The weather was much cooler than on our first visit, so we were comfortable in that aspect; However, the music, which had gone from tropical/surfing sounds to loud contemporary/rap/rock music, so a few of us (at least an aunt and me) were annoyed.Rehab now offers Four Peaks' Peach ale on tap!  Sheryl (sp?), our friendly and energetic server, informed me that the bar began to serve it this past Saturday-- hurray!!  I'm so happy this has come to pass, since I've only seen this peach ale offered at three other bars/restaurants BESIDES Four Peaks: Tempe's Lucky Break (during a Yelp event held there), Vincitorio's, and Mac's Grill and Bar.  Rehab offers $3 draughts during happy hour!  Be wary of their happy hour food menu pricing though, as they're only $1 off apps...Since Mom and I had just eaten brunch right before our massage session, we weren't hungry, but I had planned on at least enjoying a half-pint of peach ale or a little bit of wine while my aunts and cousin enjoyed their burgers.  We decided to order the app Sheryl suggested, the Pigs' wings ($9/HH) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3l54GTr8-E3XPbIxnF_sAA?select=KZrg3VgZMoHE0xJgASMR8Q#KZrg3VgZMoHE0xJgASMR8Q, her favorite, which comes with a peach-habanero BBQ sauce made in-house.  An aunt spied calamari ($6.50/HH) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3l54GTr8-E3XPbIxnF_sAA?select=Ewn0r0HcfU9xW_7-481BgQ#Ewn0r0HcfU9xW_7-481BgQ on the menu, and since that is also Mom's favorite app, I asked Sheryl to bring some for the table, as well.  Mom and her two sisters decided to split two Rehab-sized burgers (mushroom and swiss, $11, and green chile hatch, $10.50) and their sides of fries and sweet po"tot"oes.  My young cousin thought she was ordering a sandwich when she went for the Chile Con Fritos ($8).  Since I had been disappointed with the chocolate milkshake sample we were given on our first visit, I decided I'd take up Ken's offer to try one of their alcoholic versions on this visit.  Ken was absent, however, so I asked bartender John what my options were, and we decided on a vanilla-based liqueur, Frangelico, and Kahlua concoction ($8).   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3l54GTr8-E3XPbIxnF_sAA?select=hP3IwyweWGHoAHexT4OhHw#hP3IwyweWGHoAHexT4OhHwMy aunts enjoyed the calamari!  The pigs' wings were also good-- I enjoyed the outer crispiness and the sweet spiciness of the sauce.  I don't think I'd order it again, though, and the same goes for the calamari, which weren't as crispy as I like them to be, plus I wasn't wowed by the "original marinara."  Personally, I'd just concentrate on the burgers.  I waited too long on trying the fries (as I mentioned, I wasn't hungry, and I concentrated on enjoying the sips of peach ale and the milkshake), for they were already soggy.  My aunt had sliced a portion of the hatch green chile burger for me to have, enough for two or three bites, and I still found it very tasty, even though I'd forgotten to add some chipotle aioli.  I don't think cousin enjoyed her Chile con Fritos, which didn't look very appetizing to me (and corn-based Fritos isn't something I can eat any longer) and she, the aunts, and my Mom didn't find the kitchen's idea of using a Fritos bag instead of an aluminum sheet to line the platter amusing.  I thought it showed Rehab's playful side, but you can't please everyone.  Come to think of it, I don't think it's wise to use a bag with so much ink as a liner when food's involved.  Hmm...Last, but not least, the milkshake, which was much thicker, and that's a very good thing!  I enjoyed the first few sips, but the sweetness started to get too cloying by the mid-mark, and that's with all of us sampling.  I would only order this if I could share it with one or more people, and if I were to crave for alcoholic ice cream, I'll just head over to Lee's Cream Liquors!  :))Props again to the management/owners on stocking up on Four Peaks Peach ale.  It's nice to patronize local bars/eateries local-based beverages and food!
3	I really want to like this place, having seen a couple restaurants come in and out of the building. It looks kind of like the Bonfire did inside (previous restaurant), but it has a surfer vibe, and upbeat atmosphere. My boyfriend ordered a standard cheese burger, and I had a green salad and garlic bread because I wanted to eat light. My boyfriend eats A LOT of burgers, it is one of his favorite foods, and when he got the burger the bun on the bottom was soggy. As he checked out the sog, I helped myself to some of his fries, which weren't piping hot. It made me suspect that the burger had sat for awhile before they brought it (note to owners). My salad was pretty standard, I mean, I did order a green salad so what should I suspect? But, the one thing was that I felt they could have done was sliced the tomatoes. I could tell the tomatoes were the same ones that they used on the burgers, and they just cut them in half, meaning that I had to cut them into tiny pieces myself. I also thought that the cucumbers could have used a chop too. I would suggest cutting the cucumbers and tomatoes into smaller bite sized pieces to make a better salad since that is one of the only fresh/healthy things on the menu. On the first bite of the burger my boyfriend said it was good, but 3 bites later he said something tasted funny and he was not happy. We think it was the onions. He didn't finish the burger. I might give this place another try, but I am not sure...
3	I'd had Rehab bookmarked on Yelp for awhile and finally got to go check it out this weekend. My friends and I arrived around 1pm on Saturday afternoon and were lucky enough to snag one of the last two open tables. We were greeted right away, given waters and informed of their happy hour specials. Yes, you read that right, happy hour on a Saturday! Rehab has HH seven days a week, from 11-6 I believe. I was a little disappointed to see the discounts applied mainly to booze. All appetizers are $1 off, which isn't much, in my opinion. But that didn't deter us from ordering a huge plate of chili cheese fries for the table to share. (And we saved $1, woo!) On to the entrees. Us girls ordered burgers, one rare and the other two medium rare. The "rare" burger came out med-rare, not really a big deal, but mine and my friend's "med-rare" were without a doubt overcooked. Mine came out mid-well, and my friend's came out well done. Mine had just enough juice/pink that I ate it anyway, but my friend sent her dish back. For a place called Rehab Burger Therapy, you'd think the cooks would know their way around a grill and proper temps?! Also, on the menu's description of our food it said our burgers were served with condiments; my Poblano burger was supposed to get spicy ketchup and my friend's was supposed to get a chipotle aioli. Both were absent from our plates and we had to ask for them. Weird. Or maybe I'm just a condiment freak. Our server, Devon (sp?), was super nice, funny and energetic throughout our experience. He apologized for the kitchen's mistake and fixed the situation for my friend. All in all I'd be back. The pretzel bun I chose my burger to be housed in was delish, and Rehab's fries are slightly addictive. Perhaps I'll try again at a less busy time when the cooks can pay more attention to the grill temps.
4	This was a surprising find...newly opened in a location of several other restaurants, this place has great food at reasonable prices. Offering both 10oz and 6oz burgers, along with a complete menu. The burgers were great. Prepared exactly as ordered, mine med-rare. They offer set burgers, plus, a build your own option. The fries were first rate, fresh and hot. The atmosphere is fun. The staff was efficient and friendly. They offer both patio and inside dining. I would definitely go back...
4	Went for lunch on a Friday in a small group during the workday.Got calamari for an appetizer round.  Breading was great, good flavor, and dip wasn't half bad especially when combined with their special hot sauce (I guess they also sell it at $5 a bottle - spicy / sweet).Each of us got a small burger (they're all available in large / small which is great), but unfortunately each of our medium ordered burgers came back well done.  I imagine such a smaller burger would be tough to cook appropriately, but I would hope that a place that specializes in burgers could figure out proper times on these things.  I had the same issue at another burger joint (not to be named in this review).  That sort of thing just blows my mind.In the end, we'd prefer burgers cooked to order, but we're not terribly picky.  Everything else about the burgers was top notch.  Our server was very friendly, outgoing and helpful - when she overheard a comment about the burgers (seriously, we weren't ones to complain) she offered to comp the meals which we didn't want - ended up hooking us up with milkshakes (also quite good).Oh, I can't believe I'm leaving this for the last item on my review - but the sweet potato tots.  Oh, the sweet potato tots!  I'll come back here often for those alone.  The texture and the taste, and the dipping sauces...  Amazing!
5	Best burgers in town.
4	I've been to Rehab (the restaurant!) several times since they opened and have left happy and full each time. The place is very cute and relaxed with a beach and surfing theme. Every server we've ever had was excellent and attentive.I've tried a variety of items of the menu:* Hawaiian Burger  - It was tasty, but the slab of Ham on the burger was a bit much for me. Personal preference thing.* Veggie Noogie Sammy - I incorrectly thought this would be similar to Oregano's Veggie Wedgie. It is not, but that doesn't mean it isn't good. * Shelby's Shpinach Salad - This is my favorite with or without the grilled chicken breast on top. I love that you can get the mini size of this salad w/o chicken for only $5. It is a steal!I've also tried the onion rings, french fries, and sweet potato tots. The tots are where it is at!Most everything on the menu comes in two sizes - Rehab (small) and Relapse (huge). Even the small size is really big if you don't normally eat big portions. Be forewarned!
4	As far as California surf town joints go, I am a fan!This location creates the complete surf town ambiance with its beach cruisers, surf boards, and flat panels with aquariums and beach scenes.You can expect to find bar food here such as chicken wings and chili cheese fries.  And of course there are the burgers.  You can choose from about a dozen burgers, as well as the ability to build your own.  You also have the option of a "rehab" and "relapse" size.  The smaller of the two, happens to be the perfect size and portion.Rehab offers a variety of unique dipping sauces, such as their pineapple aoli, chipotle ranch, habanero ketchup, sweet habanero, and their stone ground mustard.  The pineapple aoli is perfect with the sweet potato tots, the mustard outstanding with the burgers because it has a very mellow sweet and tart flavor.I ordered my burger medium rare, and it was cooked to perfection.Despite the restaurant being quite busy, food and drink orders were delivered very quickly.  All food tasted fresh and made to order, and temperatures of the cooked foods were perfect.There were other options on the menu such as sandwiches and pasta, even smaller portions for kiddos - but this definitely is a burger joint.  With the average burger costing $7.50 for a small and $10.50 for a larger version, the prices are very competitive with other burger joints.This place can become your local hangout with weekly specials such as thirsty Thursdays where domestic pints are $2 and premiums are $3 as well as $4 drink specials and a dollar off on appetizers.Furthermore, Happy Hour is 7 days week, until 6p.  You don't get huge savings on the appetizers, but you can definitely drink on a budget here.
4	I've went to Rehab Burger twice and both times had absolutely AMAZING food!!  The first time we went the bartender was so nice he made the experience really fun while we sat there and ate.  The second time I went was last Wednesday for lunch and the young girl waitress with the long brown hair had the worst attitude, she was very snyde & not very helpful at all... which is too bad because I brought my friend who had never been before and he got a bad impression of the atmosphere.Hangover Burger - My favorite!!  Love a fried egg on a juicy burger.Chili Burger - Also delicious but not as good as the Hangover in my opinion.Definitely check it out but don't sit in the snotty girl's section if you want to enjoy your experience!!
5	Where to start? The food is absolutely incredible. Pig wings and calamari are my faves from the ap menu. Chili is the name of the game of the burgers whether its the chili cheese burger, poblano, or hatch you can't go wrong. Fish tacos (not on the menu) are huge and tasty! Milkshakes (virgin or not) will hit that sweet spot.What really separates this place from any other spot around town is the level of service. Ownership roams the floor greeting and conversing with customers. Nothing fake about it either. Wait staff is highly personable and the bartenders are friendly, knowledgeable and quick with a suggestion.If you haven't checked out Rehab Burger Therapy yet, you are missing out!
4	good poblano chili burger, very friendly service by every one who looked at you. owner was on premise, cool scene. just around for a visit would recommend to anyone with a burger jones.
2	We went to Rehab for a late lunch today and while it started out with good intentions, in the end we were extremely disappointed. On the bright side, I loved the decor. It's very well done with the surfer vibe and the sweet potato tots are some of the best I've had. The real issues were coming out of the kitchen. As I was people watching, I noticed tables coming in. I also noticed table by table, food was coming out for them before ours. Shortly after we ordered our second round of drinks smoke did fill the small restaurant and we made jokes about our food being on fire, so we chalked it up to our order actually being the cause of the smoke. It was a late lunch so by this time it was past well past 1 p.m. Our server cruised by and said we were waiting on the wings one of us ordered.Finally the food arrived and it couldn't have been the wings, since they were cold. Both burgers had burned pretzel buns, and one side of tots was half a serving of cold tots. The server said he would bring more, then never returned. The restaurant was quite busy, so we took matter in our own hands and asked someone to bring the tots and fill our drinks, but the burgers weren't great. We ate them anyway because at this point we were just so hungry!Finally we were waiting for our check to be split and who I assumed is the manager came by our table and asked how it was. We were honest and told him it wasn't great. He arrogantly replied "Not great? But you ate all your food" I looked at him and said "Yeah because I waited a long time for my food while all these tables who came in after us were served their meals" It was ridiculous, I watched many of those tables leave as well while we were dealing with our tab. He pressed the issue, even though we didn't want to get into it because a) it seemed petty and b) we just wanted to leave, but he insisted . We told him our issues with the meal and 10 min later he returned with the food removed off the menu. The weirdest thing was his delivery. He pinned the checks on the table facing us so we could read it, and goes, "How are we doing this" holding our cards in his hand. I  pointed to my check and said "I'm the blue card, so that's mine" He just stared at me. I repeated, "I'm the blue card" and reached over to pull the card out of his grip, and he goes, "Okay, so the $2 on the blue card and the $6 on the red card" It was sooo rude. His demeanor was that we were being ungrateful, when we honestly just wanted to leave. When he returned he was full of excuses, (we're a new restaurant, we are very busy, etc.) which is FINE. I eat out all the time, and new restaurants all the time, and I expect growing pains, so I told him I liked the place, I would be back to watch a game, grab a drink. He replied, "Well we are not a bar with good food. We are a restaurant with good drinks." What the hell? First of all, I wasn't even drinking, so I was just trying to be NICE. Thanks for not taking our constructive criticism YOU ASKED FOR then making us feel BAD about the discount you gave us that we weren't looking for. It was such a turn off, we talked about it the whole ride home and all day I've been telling people what a nightmare it was when they asked me about it due to me checking in on social mediaSo I lied to the manager... I won't be back. There are plenty of other mediocre burger shops around town that I can give my business to, and if I do end up there again, I'll be ordering the wings and tots. Their burgers are average. For a place with BURGER in the name, there is just absolutely nothing special about their signature menu item. Shoulda gone to In N Out.
5	Tonight was our (me, wife, and 2 adult kids) first visit RBT - and already, I am a huge fan of  this place!The food is great and plentiful, from start to finish.  We didn't realize how big the portions were when we ordered, and we all went home over-full, with leftovers still on our plates.....We started by sharing a couple appetizers - onion rings (big and sweet, with just the right amount of breading), and wings (thanks to the advice of our waitress, we got a delicious sauce that was a mix of their "medium" and 'golden" sauces - perfect!).  These were excellent, and truly could have been meal-worthy on their own.But, we had all ordered burgers already, so onto the main course.  I had the hatch-chili burger on the pretzel bun.  The meat was flavorful, cooked just exactly how I ordered it (medium +), and there was a LOT to this burger - 10 oz!  I could barely get past the halfway point before I pushed away my plate!  I truly wanted to eat more - it really was good - but I had a feeling we'd all be sharing a dessert, so I wanted to save some room. Only eating half my burger turned out to be a wise move, because the dessert was insanely good.  We had a "Pot Brownie" (....Imagine two brownies with a layer of marshmallow fluff in between, and pieces of hershey's chocolate throughout, all cooked in a casserole dish (yes, the "Pot" refers to the dish and not an ingredient; bummer for all the hippies) and served piping hot.  I do mean HOT so be careful - my wife burned her mouth!  Though we were all full before dessert arrived, somehow found a way to make room for this testimony to brownie decadence   Do, do, do save room for this when you go to RBT.And, here's the thing about RBT - make sure you have Robin as your server.   When you place your order, you'll begin your meal with Robin as your waitress; by the time you get to dessert, you'll feel like Robin is a dear friend.   Actually, I thinnk you'll find that Robin and this restaurant have a lot in common - welcoming, down to earth, fun, and full of spirit!  An absolute joy - and unquestionably worthy of 5+ stars!
5	Just ate here for the first time and it was amazing. Great ambience and very very friendly staff. The service was great and the food was even better. I had the bacon cheeseburger in a pretzel bun with sweet potato tots. I've had my fair share of the sweet potato tots but these are by far the best I've ever had. They come with two dipping sauces, spicy ketchup and garlic aoli. I found myself alternating between the two sauces every other tot. Delcious. I heard about this place thru word of mouth and will definitely be spreading the good word about this establishment.
5	I had the BBQ burger with pretzel bun and  tater-tots sides with spicy ketchup. Good food, kid friendly environment. Lol like the beach atmosphere. Staffs are awesome.
5	The service and a burgers are both awesome. My family and I have been to this bar 3 times and have always been blown away by the quality of our burgers.  The burgers have a home made feel and great flavor.   Our server has been very kind to our kids and that is another reason we have been going back.  We also did a to go order that was just perfectly packaged.
5	What a great addition to Old Town! Extremely relaxing atmosphere, great service and delicious food!
1	Found a shard of glass the size of a silver dollar in the bottom of my glass.  The manager took $3.50 off of our bill. I've never been so shocked by such terrible customer service
5	Jesus* has returned as a savior and fry cook and in Scottsdale, AZ turning ground beef into patties of bliss. I know this because no one else can make as epic a combo of perfectly cooked beef and just the pepper bite as their hatch chile burger. That more places don't have sweet potato tots is a crime against man. Do yourself a huge favor and get the tots.*Jesus Ramirez from Tempe
5	I'll go ahead and add my 5 stars and spare you the 2 cents - other than to say the food here is fantastic, the place is clean, the staff is nice, the decor is cool, the location is awesome, and they had jawbreakers in the candy basket on the way out. Definitely go here and eat.
5	Great place. Wait staff was first rate. Food was better than the staff
4	You probably have to be a lover of red meat to fully appreciate all that Rehab Burger Therapy offers.  I do not fit into that category but I'm a fan, nonetheless.  They have a pretty tasty turkey burger.  When you add all the 'fixin's', some fries and an ice cold beer; it makes for a darn good meal!What stands out even more than the food, in my opinion, is the service.  I can't recall having more genuinely friendly service.  John is awesome and made sure I was well taken care of during my visit; however, everyone in the vicinity greeted me warmly and chatted me up as I ate.  I appreciated that, as I dined alone at the bar.  The menu has a variety of items that sound tempting.  It is definitely worth a return visit.
5	I'm giving Rehab Burger 5 stars, first off because their staff is awesome!  Probably the best service I've had in Old Town.  My 3rd visit, and twice Melanie has been our server, she's the best.Wings, burgers, fish tacos, and the spinach salad, all delicious!  But you have to try the 'Chili Verde Con Pollo' appetizer!  Make sure you bring a friend to share!Great Happy Hour & patio, cool decor, best of all, no smoking patio!!
2	After reading all of the reviews, I had high expectations of the food and what a disappointment. First, the good. The ambience is fun, good vibe. The food was disappointing. We had chicken wings with sauces on the side, as recommended by the waitress. The sauces were good. The BBQ hamburger on brioche bun was supposed to come with onion rings, cheese and BBQ sauce. There was one huge onion ring (too big for the burger and not flavorful),  the cheese was a little sprinkle of grated cheese (next to none), sweet potato tater tots which were flavorless.  All the food lacked seasoning. Too many good restaurants in Scottsdale to go back.
4	Great food and drinks!  The service was a bit slow but our waitress was extremely nice and the place was packed.  My burger was well prepared and delicious.  The fries are tasty and the sweet potato tater tots are interesting (eat 'em with the spicy ketchup).  It's quite loud but it's a great atmosphere.
5	Amazing burgers reasonable prices.   I finally find a great place to get a burger in old town.  Go here a try this place out you will thank me.
3	Arrived with a friend at 4 pm. Perfect, not busy seated on patio, greeted by hostess.  Ordered the onion rings as appetizer and they were good. Burgers next. I ordered mine rare, it came medium well. When you have a burger joint, I am the only customer, you charge $10 for a burger and you can't get it right, three stars is my max.  No I didn't send it back-, too hungry. Our waiter, Mike, was very friendly and attentive
5	This place is fantastic.  We ate here on a weekday evening (I think it was Tuesday), so it wasn't too busy or too sparse - just right.  The staff was phenomenal and explained to us what Burger Rehab is all about (including giving us several free samples).  The pretzel buns are pretty amazing, and the sweet potato tots with the pineapple-based sauce is incredible.  All kinds of interesting, unique dishes to choose from, and yes, the burgers are pretty tasty to boot.
5	Our 10 mile drive through rush-hour traffic is so worth every mile once I bite down on your burgers.  Great servers who always care that they get my orders right, but also take a moment to chit-chat when they have time instead of hiding behind counters and only being reactive servers.  Your cooks are always on point because the many times I've visited, never once has food come out less than perfect.  And best of all, the very reasonable prices are so appreciated.  I get the best quality burger I've found here in Phoenix, jumbo wings graced with outstanding custom sauces, and at prices lower most anyone else.  I seriously can't go back to Long Wong's, or even my past favorite, Buffalo Wild Wings.  Rehab is THAT good!If I had to complain about something (and I had to grab at straws to find something); is that I guess I'd ask that you introduce a hotter version of your hot sauce, because I typically go with people who like things a lot hotter than I do.  Oh, and that I'm still looking for a replacement for a "Wild Wing Cafe" wing sauce flavor I'd had back in Charlotte, NC a few years ago that they called Jalapeno Cheddar.  It seemed to be a mix of Velveeta, chopped jalapeno pepper, and hot sauce perhaps?  Whatever it was it was fabulous, and I miss it something fierce!
1	Ordered Hatch Burger mid rare with sweet tots. After about 20 mins it comes out minus the aioli, and overcooked to the point it needs the extra lube, and tots are ice cold..I tell the server the Burger is overcooked, and missing the sauce. Here's the important part, all I wanted at that point was the sauce. Not the management attention, not the rolling eyes of the judging server, not compensation, free food, sympathy, or a hug, just the aioli that was promised on the description. They took it very personally, like their elderly grandpa was back their flipping those grisly hockey pucks..long story short I got the sauce, the burger was comped. The tots remained frozen to the plate. I left, never to return.
5	I've been here a few times and it's always fantastic! The owner seems to be completely involved and everyone seems to really love working here. Makes for a most enjoyable experience.
4	Stopped by with a friend since we were walking the downtown area. The decor is very much a beach setting with the bike cruisers and surf boards. Love the story on the menu of how the place was created. The menu is very hilarious to read. It was not too busy when we got there, so we were given choices of regular table, high top, or outdoor seating. The place is not too loud to have great conversations. The food was super yummy. The burger was cooked to order. The sweet potato tater tots were a smaller side but they cooked up really nice. By the time we left the bar was packed. Note this was a Sunday afternoon, before a holiday so they must be bringing in business.The waitress we had was very funny, her personality was great. I think the service team here helps to make the place outstanding on top of everything else it provided.
5	I love Rehab burger. I had my birthday party there and it was the best. The staff was the best!!!! Only 15 people said they were coming, but 38 people showed up. The staff went with the flow and had no problems seating everyone. I was really impressed when the staff brought the right food to the right people! There wan't any confusion of who ordered what. The staff is super friendly, personable and  take time to help you order when you're unsure of what will crunch your hunger. The food is amazing too!!!! I would eat there any day of the week. I love burgers and they are on the top of my list of places to eat. If anyone has a large group of people and not sure where to go, this is the place to go!
4	Very Tasty! Would go back! Burger was delish!
3	Arrived with a friend at 4 pm. Perfect, not busy seated on patio, greeted by waiter.  Ordered the onion rings as appetizer and they were good. Burgers next. I ordered mine rare, it came medium well. When you have a burger joint, I am the only customer, you charge $10 for a burger and you can't get it right, three stars is my max.
5	In a nutshell...Friendly & inviting ambiance, outstanding customer service, owners work along side staff to give you a great dining experience, peanut & tree nut allergy considerate, a menu that satisfies everyone from the meat-lover to the health conscience to the vegan to the youngest member of your group, reasonable prices & PHENOMONAL FOOD!!!  Try Rehab Burger Therapy & you'll become a regular!  For more details continue reading (worth the read). 1. I called Rehab & told them we would be coming in the next night with 13 people at 6 PM & wanted to know if we could make a reservation (since it's a burger joint, I never expected they would say yes).  The woman who answered was very personable, took my name & number & told me they would be ready for us.  My husband & I arrived early because we've heard that so many times before, only to get to the restaurant & still have to wait for our table.  When we arrived at 5:45 PM, the table was waiting for us just as promised.  The woman who promptly & warmly greeted us was gracious & accommodating when we told her our party of 13 grew to 16.2. The service was OUTSTANDING!  The first time I visit a restaurant it's for the food.   Great service is what brings me back time after time.  Our server & the staff who assisted her were very friendly, helpful & attentive without being over-bearing.  Our food arrived hot & in a timely fashion (not an easy feat when serving a large party on a busy Friday night, & yet they made it seem so easy).  I could tell that it was important to her that we had an enjoyable dining experience.  3. The management went above & beyond to accommodate our daughter's peanut & tree nut allergy.  When we told our server our daughter had a severe food allergy, she said would like us to talk to an owner to ensure our daughter's safety.  She promptly returned with co-owner, Wiley Arnett.  He told us the only nuts in the kitchen were in the salad prep area.  He informed his kitchen staff about our daughter's allergy & monitored things to make sure that there was no cross-contamination.  He even stopped by to let us know that the kitchen was carefully preparing our appetizers so as not to have any cross-contamination, in case our daughter wanted to eat any of them.  I realize as long as there are nuts in the kitchen there's always a risk of cross-contamination, but we truly felt like every precaution was being made so she could safely eat there.  It was refreshing to be able to dine out without being made to feel that her allergy was an inconvenience.  4. Ken Likewise, Denise Nelson & Wiley Arnett own Rehab.  We had the pleasure of meeting both Denise & Wiley.  After meeting them & seeing the way they work together & with the staff, it's no wonder everyone who works & dines at Rehab seems so happy.  Denise & Wiley exude hospitality.5. The food at Rehab Burger Therapy is AWESOME & plentiful!!!  The menu is superb & will surely please any member of your party.  Our party of 16 included meat-lovers, vegans, health fanatics, a diabetic, a peanut & tree nut allergy & some picky eater children.  I can unequivocally say that everyone left the restaurant happy & satisfied.  There are very few restaurants, if any, that I can say that about.  I have been to restaurants that boast something for everyone, but usually at the expense of good taste.  Everything that we ordered was DELICIOUS & tasted FRESH not processed & the portions were very generous.  I was able to sample several of their menu items since our party was so large & with varied palates.   We started with an order of both cheese & also chicken quesadillas.  I didn't have the opportunity to try any because the kids in the group inhaled them the second they were put down on the table.  We had 2 orders of chicken wings, one with Gold Medal Sauce, & the other with Medium Sauce.  These were also a huge hit!  We had 2 orders of their Spa Treated Clams that were so amazing I really wanted the entire 2 orders for myself.  The chili cheese fries appetizer was huge (great for a group), but unfortunately never made its way to my end of the table.  I had a burger, which was absolutely AMAZING!  If you get a burger, I highly recommend getting it on a pretzel bun.  It really is outstanding.  Burgers come with a choice of fries or sweet potatoes, I substituted a salad for the potato choice & it was a meal in itself!  Fortunately, I was able to sample the fries & sweet potatoes off the plates of others in our group.  The Lemon Mermaid Dust that they sprinkle on the fries makes them addicting.  The sweet potatoes are actually sweet potato tots, even if you don't like sweet potatoes you would be missing out if you don't try their tots! The other members of our party told me that the grilled chicken sandwich, Portobello mushroom sandwich & all-beef hotdog were delicious.  We end our meal with a scrumptious brownie dessert that was instantly devoured.
5	The service is good. Onion rings came out fast and are thick, juicy, and beer battered to perfection. They don't have kilt lifter anymore, but plenty of other beer. The hangover burger is really great. Just messy. The egg will pop when you bite in the first time. I will certainly visit again next time I am in town. Our waitress Melanie was fantastic.
5	The burger was excellent, and so was the service!  I had a "Know Poblano Burger", and it was very tasty and creative!
5	In a nutshell...Friendly & inviting ambiance, outstanding customer service, owners work along side staff to give you a great dining experience, peanut & tree nut allergy considerate, a menu that satisfies everyone from the meat-lover to the health conscience to the vegan to the youngest member of your group, reasonable prices & PHENOMONAL FOOD!!!  Try Rehab Burger Therapy & you'll become a regular!  For the reasons behind these comments click on "Filtered Reviews" at the bottom of the review list.
4	Lots of great burger options! I had the BBQ Burger and Fries. Great lunch spot for a tasty burger!
4	Two words- the best!  Sweet potatoe tots with cajon mayo dip awesome!
5	Yep...this was yummy stuff folks.We had supper here before heading to The Sugar Bowl for youngest son's first birthday celebration.Our crew started with the Pig Wings. Mine is a family of carnivores and they were all super happy with these little pork nuggets. I tasted them and they were so good! Very tender and the sauce was amazing.We all had burgers or some sort. We had the smaller sized burgers since we were headed for ice cream next and they were more than enough (for me they were at least!)My favorite at Rehab was the sweet potato tots. Pure genius. Served with a little pineapple sort of dip. My baby boy and I loved them! The decor was relaxed and the service was EXCELLENT!If you are in Old Town Scottsdale don't miss it!
4	Believe the hype, this place is 2 legit to quit! Went here New Years day, with my massive hangover in tow,  because LOLO's had a 45 min wait. Lucky for me we were sat immediately.  Our server was pleasant and quickly brought all our drinks. The most notable of drinks were the chocolate milk shake and bloody mary; both were exceptional. Our table ordered a Poblano burger (relapse size), Hatch chili burger (turkey patty) and hangover (rehab). All burgers came cooked to order and were A-mazing. I had the relapse size Poblano burger with onion rings and couldn't finish it so don't worry about not having enough food! I had a bite of my husbands Hatch turkey burger that was equally as good! He said he didn't miss the beef one bit because the turkey burger was just as juicy and flavorful.If I had to complain it would be about the onion rings and lemon pepper on the fries. The onion rings are thick with more batter than I prefer as I like a crispier onion ring that is more about the onion than batter. The actual fries are great but they sprinkle lemon pepper on them. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. Both of these complaints are just a personal preferences and have nothing to do with the way they were cooked or quality of the food. Next time I will just get the fries without the lemon pepper : )I would love to see them add regular tots to the menu for those who are not a fan of sweet potato tots.All in all, it was a great meal and I will definitely go back.
5	I was seriously craving a burger while I was in AZ and decided to come here and check it out.  My guy and I came in around noonish and were promptly seated outside.  It was a nice day out but the sun was beating on us so we decided to move inside.As we were looking at the menu, we realized there was happy hour til 3.  Sweet.  We ordered a couple of beers and the hangover burger burger (rehab) to share and regular fries.The burger was a perfect medium with all the juices, cheese and sauces blending together so deliciously.  I could taste a hint of the hatch green chili which gave it a nice little kick.  Loved the fried egg, loved the bacon= great burger!  I'm glad I shared it though because between the beers and fries, I was barely able to finish my half of the burger.
5	THE BEST BURGER PLACE!!!! We went to Rehab after a hike and we were so glad we stopped.  The staff could tell we had not been there before, so our waitress took it upon herself to tell us everything there was to know.  It was wonderful to be welcomed that way.  We got our food quickly and she even brought over different sauces for our fries/ sweet tater tots that were far beyond the usual ketchup.  The sweet tater tots with pineapple sauce was to die for! Salty and sweet and it hits your tongue just right. (I don't even like pineapple and I ate it up!) The chipotle ranch is amazing and not too spicy for a wimp like me.   The burgers are giant, def order the smaller size, and the pretzel bun is a MUST. We also enjoyed some of the best calamari as an appetizer with the chipotle ranch.  The atmosphere is so fun and it seemed like a vacation within a vacation for me.  I wish there was one close to where I live, I would be a regular.
4	Wouldn't have known about this place without Yelp. Thanks guys!Interesting restaurant, with a sort of Island/surfer attitude. The burgers were great, although my Hangover had a bit too much Hatch chile--it dominated the flavor of the burger, so it would've been nice to cut it up into slices rather than a huge layer. The fries were awesome (especially the dipping sauces). Best burger I've had in Arizona.
5	I love this place. The chicken chili verde appetizer is crazy good. They make their own tortilla chips, probably some of the best I have ever had!I have tried their salads and burgers both are fresh and HUGE! I got a half salad and could not believe it was half! The large must feed an army.Great drinks and service to boot!
5	Great Burger!  I had the Hangover burger with the pretzel bun. Ordered medium. It was great!  I left full and satisfied.
4	Great burgers at this joint in Scottsdale. The beef patty was cooked to perfection and they offer a nice selection of specialty burgers to choose from or just the traditional. Staff was friendly and the prices are fair. Like the sweet potato tots... Definitely try this place out if you are hungry and in mood for a burger!
5	Didn't start off so well (they forgot my friend, and my order)...so they compt our meal, which we didn't expect cuz it was no big deal.  Atomosphere is great, burger is great,...will definitly go back, well runned restaurant and friendly.
5	This place is like I designed it as my own restaurant.  Cool beachy theme. The sweetest servers in Scottsdale. Not just one server helps you they all make sure you get good service.  The food is cool too.  Burgers with hatch peppers my personal favorite.  And then sweet potato tatortots.  Who ever thought of something so cool.  And too top it off home made fresh pretzel rolls for your burger.  Now all I need is a banana shake.  Which they probably have with rum. I just didn't ask. They have dietcoke which is hard to find is most phoenix restaurants so I just had one of those. Which I think they filled twenty times.
4	PUT. THAT. BURGER. IN. YOUR.MOUTH! Lost a * for no guac on the menu.. but I ordered the BYO (build your own) Hot Dog w chili, cheese n chicago relish; hubby got the Hash Burger on a pretzel bun. Did I mention the Sweet PotaterTots and Adult Milkshakes?! Get your discerning Snobsdale ass over there!!
5	OMG.  there food is outrageously wonderful!  Its not just burgers.  you can replace the burger with Turkey meat or chicken.  A Must go to place.  The service is great.  everyone is friendly.
3	Was looking for a place to eat, since we were in town for a baseball tournament. Stopped here because of the Yelp reviews. I liked the decor of the place, laid back, surf atmosphere. We got a table rather quickly outside, with heat lamps. The guy that helped us was really nice kept checking on us to make sure we were ok.Our waitress came and was telling us since it was Sunday they were out of alot of stuff.Not a big deal. We ordered 2 appetizers and only received one. We didn't say anything figured food will be out soon so we'll just wait. WRONG! Don't get me wrong she was nice but slow as dirt! The place wasn't crowded at all. She never came to refill our drinks, the nice man that sat us down was the one checking on us. He even said good burgers but the customer service was crap.The Burgers were just ok, nothing that would make me want to come back. Maybe if we came back when they had everything in stock, but the customer service tells me otherwise thanks but no thanks.
5	Best burger in Arizona. Lots of choices. Very kid friendly, even for a 2 and 3 year old. A must if in a burger mood.
5	Really Good.  Went with a buddy and his couple of younger kids.  It was loud and they are loud.er.  Perfect place for them.  Food was good, drinks were good. Had the Hawaiian, cooked perfectly.  Sweet Potato tots are always a good alternative to simple fries.  Will be back
4	The fiance and I had planned for a bike ride from Arcadia to Old Town and was searching Yelp for a good happy hour that ran on weekends too. So we came across Rehab Burger Therapy and we were sold since I had been wanting to try this place since its opened. The happy hour is pretty awesome, you can get domestic for $2 and premium beers for $3!! So we got a round of Blue Moons and I tried the Four Peak Peach ale while the fiance got the 8th street. OMG the peach ale was so good! We got hungry and decided to split a burger since we saw a bunch of appetizing looking burgers pass us to other tables. We agreed on trying the hatch chili burger and it was cooked perfectly. They had a lot of interesting sauces like spicy ketchup, teriyaki aoili and chipotle aoili. I smeared chipotle aoili on the burger and it was the perfect compliment to the charred taste of the burger. The fries were okay, we got half regular fries and half sweet potato tots. I will definitely return for more burgers, I am especially interested in trying their hangover burger since I love me some breakfast foods (it has a fried egg and bacon), and of course I'll be back for more happy hours!
3	3 stars aka A-OK.A-OK is exactly how I feel about this place. Happy hour ends early at 6:30- (Ra goes 'til 7 and they are practically next door).  Happy hour savings aren't exactly great.  $1 off an appetizer?  Thanks for covering the tax, I guess?Decor is sort of a beachy stoner motif?  Um...cool?  There's a magazine rack between the stalls in the ladies room?  Um...awesome? Food was good, though I only shared some appetizers (fries, tots).  These came with an amusing (and awesome) amount of interesting condiments, which I enjoyed, considering my fridge is 2/3 full of dressings and sauces instead of actual foods. The "small" burgers are ginourmous, so that's probably why they don't have such good happy hour food discounts (they can't be making a ton of money on these).Where this place shines is the service (surprisingly good), beer selection and the music.  Could've sworn they tapped into my iTunes...I'll probably be back sometime, if friends want to go here.
5	I've been meaning to try this place out for a few months but my problem is that I rarely find myself in old town Scottsdale. Well the stars aligned the other week when a charity event my wife and I were attending at Scottsdale Stadium was cancelled so I was driving around and spotted this place next to the parking complex.I had the bacon burger which was huge and delicious. My wife had the grilled chicken and loved it. They give you a choice of two different size burgers. I had the larger burger which I believe was 10 ounces. I probably should have had the smaller one because I was completely stuffed for several hours after lunch.The surfer motif is tastefully done and they have a ton of flat screens all over the place. And a big THANK YOU to MANAGEMENT for not blasting the music. It was definitely at the right decibel level so you can carry on a conversation. In addition, I really dug the music as well. They also have a great patio space so I'm sure this place will be rocking during the Spring Training season. The service was excellent even though they were slammed due to that charity event being cancelled. Our server explained that the kitchen was backed up. It wasn't a problem for us and it was nice to get some communication from the server as well.This is definitely my go to burger place in South Scottsdale.
4	Visiting family and we were looking for a place to grab some food in the Scottsdale area.  Found Rehab Burger Therapy on Yelp and decided to hit it. Very cool place.  Definitely has personality here.  Bicycles hanging on the ceiling.  The staff was great, lots of beer selection.  The burgers were fantastic!  I had the Hangover Burger Relapse with their taters.  Let me tell you, the relapse size was perfect bc then I had room to eat the taters dipping them into the various sauces they have.  The spicy ketchup is delicious!  Everyone at our table were very happy with their choice of burgers.  Big, juicy, and perfectly cooked all of them.This place is great if you want a casual burger joint in the Scottsdale area.
4	Great atmosphere, good food and service, prices are reasonable...but why not GREAT ? My friend ordered her chili hatch  burger cooked medium and it was served rare. She did not notice until I did and was so hungry that she decided to eat it and  only bring it to the server's attention versus complain.I had the grilled chicken sandwich and it came piled high on "Beach" toast with layers of avocado, tomato, havarti cheese and sprouts...it was a delicious monster of flavors and came with sweet tater tots (you also have the choice of french fries) which were to die for. Shame on me,  I also ordered a chocolate lava shake which was delicious and not too sweet. The shake was served in a tall glass topped with whipped cream and M&M's.The restaurant itself is not pretentious at all and rather casual in atmosphere sporting surfboards against the wall and cycles hanging from the ceiling.Overall, it was a nice experience, a good discovery and a nice change from the other burger joints. I enjoyed the fact that RBT is more of a sit down place versus standing in line to have to order your food. It's also nice that the burgers and sandwiches come with a choice of fries versus having to pay extra for them. The restaurant also has a full bar and a heated patio.
5	If you're in Scottsdale, this is the place to eat. Everything is good.
5	Dog friendly and chill patio. Burgers are awesome and they have pretzel buns.
3	I'm not really a burger guy, but I was with a bunch of guys who were probably not into "ethnic" food.  We were in Old town Scottsdale, and as much as I was trying to steer everyone to italian food, they weren't going for it.  We ended up here.  It's kind of weird place, I thought it had a great vibe, but the rest of my group didn't.  One guy ordered the peach beer which was terrible.  I got the sweet tots for an appetizer, which were really good.  You could also get it as a side for a burger.  I ended up with a turkey burger, which was okay.  I got a side of onion rings with it as well.   The rings were only alright.  The rest of my group had burgers, which they said tasted pretty good, but nothing out of the ordinary for the cost of the burger.  My group didn't like the beer selection, I'm a fan of the four peaks beer, so I wasn't complaining about that.  All in all, it was a pretty average experience.
5	My boyfriend  and I checked this place out for the first time today. We ordered the Pig Wings- GREAT DECISION! I would come back just for those alone! Most of the places we check out have happy hour that ends at four, but we were pleasantly surprised theirs was until six. The staff was friendly, the food was great. Definitely ask for the pretzel bun, they are delicious.
3	Our first real meal post 202 miles with my team. We were a table of 11. We got there towards the end of 9p and they were closed at 11. We waited an hour for our food because they had printer problems. As you can imagine 11 starving people wouldn't be too happy, but they tried to keep us busy. Which was nice of them.I feel like if any restaurant I go to offers Hawaiian anything I have to try it. I love pineapple in my food. Period. My Hawaiian burger came with a turkey patty, ham, and a FRESH pineapple. You can tell that wasn't a can pineapple. They also gave you a teriyaki aioli of some sort. It was yummy. My fries are a bit cold and stale, but I'm forgiving.I don't plan on ever coming back to Arizona, but I would recommend this burger place.
5	Great food, killer music, good indoor or outdoor seating.  Service was friendly!  Try the chicken and cheese appetizer dip with the fresh chips!  Its amazing!  I will be back next time I visit Scottsdale!
5	AWESOME - JUST AWESOME!! One of the best gourmet burgers I've ever had. Great service. Now.... The wings could be the best in Phoenix. We will definitely be back when visiting next time.
4	I love this place. Great food. I strongly recommend giving the pig wings a try. The burgers are huge and and the sweet potato tater tots are addicting. Huge portions reasonable prices for the location and great service. Would like to see some better beer selections on tap but all in all this place is definitely worth going to when in old town.
5	Loved this place!  Was even able to enjoy sitting outside on a cold night.  Had one of the coupons for an appetizer, 2 entrees and dessert.Tried:skin on fries - GOODShelby's Spinach Salad - huge, beautiful and GOODHatch Chili burger on Gluten Free Bun- He was in HEAVENSweet Potato Tater Tots- SERIOUSLY AMAZING.  I don't even care for sweet potato french fries but something about this being mashed up in the middle and crunchy on the outside with salt.  I can't wait to have them again.Pineapple Teriyaki Aoli - SERIOUSLY AMAZING 2.  I am slightly allergic to pineapple and don't like mayo at all so I almost never like aoli.  This dip with the tots is the bomb.  Ketchup - what's there to say?Spicy Ketchup - okay.  what you would expect.Chipotle Ranch - My second favorite dip.Chocolate Lava milkshake with a shot of Bailey's - YUMMMMThey had run out of pot brownies by the time we wanted dessert and that made me really sad.  I guess it gives us a reason to return soon though.
5	I gotta say, I was not expecting such great service!  The place was packed so we decided to sit at the bar.  Luckily the hostess followed us because we couldn't find 2 seats together like a fellow customer had thought she'd seen.  She put us in between a couple groups at the long table, one was about to leave anyway.  Service was prompt, food was prepared in a reasonable amount of time and served hot.  Is that too much to ask for?  In Scottsdale, so often it is.  It was refreshing.The burgers are solid.  I had the chili burger with sweet potato tots.  Love the tots.  They were cooked perfectly.  Burgers were done to order.  I really liked their creative sauces - chipotle(?) aioli, pineapple aioli, spicy ketchup.  We also had the calamari which was great.  The prices are pretty solid too, but the portions make up for it I think.  We also did the Reese's pot brownie with ice cream.  Get a dollar off if you check in on Yelp btw!  Paid for the ice cream addition.  :)  Its a brownie on top of Reese's I think in a bed of marshmallow fluff topped with ice cream if you add it.  Very sweet, probably nice to share with like 2-3 other people to get a good portion without feeling sick.All in all, its a worthy establishment that justify the pricing with great service and solid food.  Happy hour deals are mostly just drinks at this point.  A buck off appetizers too, but not great for food as far as happy hour goes.Updating my review to add the backyard bbq burger - its awesome!  Burger with bbq sauce and a fried onion on top.  YUM!
3	Had the Veggie Noogie was really good and the Sweet Potato Tots were good as well. Food was a little slow getting out, but I would come back and try more off the menu.
4	Delicious burgers and clever menu!
3	Service was absolutely stellar! We were seated sooner than anticipated and even though the place was packed, we were served in a timely fashion.  Having read previous reviews I was anticipating a euphoric experience with a juicy, tasty burger.  The burger itself was a little dry and was not seasoned.  French fries were frozen shoe-string and sweet potato tots (also frozen) were very tasty.  I want to give this restaurant a 3 1/2 star rating but Yelp doesn't do half-stars.
5	Based off of Yelp, we decided to come here. We were not disappointed:Pros:(+) Were seated right away by a friendly hostess(+) Our waitress was very friendly and attentive(+) Had some kind of peach beer that was absolutely delicious(+) My boyfriend and I both had the porkster. He added egg and bacon on it. Both on the white bun. (I really wanted the add-ons but was trying to make it at least a little healthier, lol). Half pulled pork half beef, with a super yummy bbq sauce and cheddar cheese. mmmm so good. Absolutely no complaints.(+) The sweet potato tater tots were amazing! I could eat those all day. And I chose the spicier of the sauces, super yummy(+) Cool funky decor, nice atmosphereNeutral:( ) The Pig Wings (Pork on a stick doused with peachy bbq sauce) - it was just okay. The sauce was a bit too much (completely doused, the menu description wasn't lying). The pork was tender, but I wasn't blown away.This place was delicious. Top two burger places on my list (first is Holsteins in Las Vegas if you would like to read my review).  I would definitely come here again when I'm in the area, and looking forward to it!
5	Waking up with a hangover from the night drinking before, my friend and I scoured Yelp to try and find some food that would catch our eye.  Upon seeing a highly rated burger joint with 'Rehab' in the name, we knew it was meant to be so off we went.  I wasn't sure what to expect but on first glance it seemed like a restaurant I'd find on the beach, with colorful decor and reggae playing throughout.  Our waitress (and hostess) immediately greeted us with a smile and asked where we wanted to sit, and being how perfect it was outside, we chose the patio.  The first thing that caught my eye was cheap beer for happy hour.  $2 domestic and $3 imports had me rethinking my hangover from the night before but I stuck with a soda instead.  Next thing was to peruse the menu.  Based off recommendations on here, I knew I HAD to try the Sweet PoTOToes with whatever I got (I love me some sweet potato fries whenever possible) so that was one less thing to worry about.  I ended up going with the Porkster burger (BBQ pork on top of a 5oz burger) and it was EXACTLY what I needed.  I ordered Chipotle Aioli with the poTOToes and, as always, that is a killer combination.  The meal was the perfect cure and it helped that the service was top-notch.  The waitress had a smile, joked and seemed to know the right things to say and was speedy as can be.I can't wait to go back and give it a go again, as they have won a customer for life!
5	Had a great evening here, staff excellent, food good. buzzy place in Old Town Scottsdale. Great prices too!
2	LONG wait that really wasn't worth it. I liked the idea of the pretzel bun but it wasn't executed well. Poor service.
5	With friends visiting, we don't usually try new places, but take visitors to our old favorites, but being that we are all new parents, out to lunch with the babies, some of the usual Old Town hangouts were off the list. We walked up, and there were quite a few other families inside, so decided to give it a try. The staff was incredible.  The 2 hosts were above and beyond. Having babies with you comes with a lot of accessories...diaper bags, stroller, shopping bags, and the crazy kids! They were unscathed by all of it, and helped us out. The hosts went out of the way for us, and made our whole experience terrific. They were attentive, made small talk, and played with the babies. The food was good.  The Bloody Mary's need some work. But the overall experience was above & beyond for us. Would highly recommend!
2	Service was slow and the burger came out on a soggy bun.  Asked for a fresh bun but took forever so ended up just eating the meat.  Also, the place was super hot.  Everyone at our table was sweating.  Maybe they were just having a bad night but I wouldn't go back to this place after this experience.
5	Wow! I've never had a better burger.  Cooked exactly to my request and phenomenal taste.  Cheryl was an awesome waitress,  tentive,  friendly and fun.  If you're wanting a burger,  RBT is the place to go.
4	This place is over the top great :) The staff was some of the friendliest in AZ, and the food was amazing. For sure the Relapse burger was more than enough, can't even imagine the size of the Rehab. Love the option of not only picking a size, but also sub out the burger for turkey or chicken at no extra cost (which I forgot to do). And just a side note, this is a place that butters and toasts the buns, so if you don't want it too greasy ask for a bun right out of the bag. Decor is super fun. Would be a great place to take someone new to AZ. Happy hour every day until 6pm, can't beat that!
2	I wish I could have loved this place because it has a great location and inviting atmosphere.  I was too disappointed that when we ate there (on a Sunday) they were out of quite of a few items.  No avocado or gluten-free bun today?!?  I tried to look past that an ordered a protein-style burger instead.  It was good, not anything to write home about.
5	A friend of mine told me that Rehab Burger Therapy was better then 5 Guys.Yeah...right.But I thought I'd give it a try. So my best friend and I went down on a Tuesday afternoon.What a cute place! It reminded me of a place I bar-tended at in Florida! Very relaxed, reggae on the speakers...awesome! Our waitress was the best! I didn't get her name (and I meant to!) but she was knowledgeable, entertaining, and patient with us...and super fast, though we were there at around 3:30 PM in order to avoid any rush.I ordered the Know Poblano Burger (Relapse size) on a pretzel bun with the Sweet PoTOToes...it was out of this world!! Cooked to order, in this case medium, and covered in these spicy, grilled onions and a HUGE poblano pepper!! Our waitress brought us each 2 different dipping sauces as well...Spicy Ketchup and Chipotle Aioli. Both were excellent on my Sweet PoTOToes, which are sweet potato tater tots!!My bestie ordered the Hatch Chile Cheeseburger (Rehab size) on a pretzel bun with the skin on, homemade/cut fries. He LOVED his burger so much I think he bgan a serious relationship with it!!For dessert (we really ARE pigs!) we shared a Pot Brownie...O...M...G...!!! Two brownies with marshmallow cream in between, baked, and coated with Hershey's Sauce!! It could not have gotten any better!!This place is a gem! We adored EVERY minute of our time there and we will most definitely be back...as many times as our waist sizes allow!!
4	This place was pretty good, kind of strange servers and my tots were burned, so it doesn't quite make the five star cut.I had the bacon cheeseburger, with the pretzel bun and cheddar cheese-- it was super delicious and really a big burger so I saved half for an after-drinking snack.My boyfriend had the MacGnarly burger or whatever it is called, which is a double decker burger smothered in thousand island dressing, and he had it on a brioche bun, which was really good.The fries were good.The sweet potato tots would have been better if they weren't burned, and if they gave me some garlic aioli on the side instead of ketchup (sweet potatoes and ketchup? Ummmm no)I also had a spicy bloody mary and that thing was DELICIOUS!Parking can be gnarly around there, but if you park in the structure and take the super short hike to Rehab Burger, then you'll be fine.Enjoy!
5	Great atmosphere. Amazing staff. Can't say enough about the awesome food. Tell them the duke sent you. Ha ha.
5	At 9:30 pm on a Saturday night, good dinner options were slim. My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out on a whim. We arrived about 30 minutes before they were to close. We were greeted by the friendliest bartender who was super cool with us taking our time to order. I love the laid back atmosphere! They had Four Peaks Arizona Peach on tap, which I decided to try. I went with the Port-a-Burger and my boyfriend got the Porkster. I've had a portabella sandwich at a few places, but it's usually nothing to write home about. This was the best portabella sandwich I have had in ages. Smothered in havarti cheese with lettuce, tomatoes and sprouts-all served on a delicious pretzel bun. The sweet potato tots were also quite tasty. My boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich as well, which was massive and covered with BBQ sauce. The decor is very Hawaiian/stoner-ish. The bartender kept us entertained with stories about traveling to different cities and the owner even asked us what we wanted to listen to! It was a pretty cool experience. Food was great, atmosphere awesome and we were there past closing time. No one ever rushed us. Overall a very good experience and I look forward to coming back and having another Port-a-Burger!
5	Been to Rehab several times this year, I go to Scottsdale about once a month to play and I think this will be my new go-to spot!The first time in I sat on the patio....waited 15 minutes for a waitress, then went and found her and asked for a beer....never saw her again. But I am very glad I went inside and tried again. The bartender helped me, apologized for the poor service outside and proceeded to make me a convert! I have been back several times since and the staff and owners are great. John and Reno the bartenders, as well as Denise, one of the owners and a very pretty addition to the place, have all been very friendly and made me feel at home every time. The food is great, the atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming. Absolutely going back!
4	I meant to go here a few weekends ago but because parking in Old Town is occasionally horrible, we passed and went somewhere else. I was back in the area a few nights ago and decided to get dinner here with a friend after manicures. The super friendly server seated us and was very attentive throughout the meal. We didn't get any appetizers, but we both had the Backyard BBQ burger with regular fries. The restaurant has a very low-key relaxing vibe, my only (minor) complaint was that for a Wed night when it wasn't brimming, the music was pretty loud. We got our burgers and they were very good. I had the spicy ketchup and if you have your doubts, it is most certainly spicy, but I loved it. Since Old Town isn't really my scene I'm not sure how often I'll be back, but I'd definitely return.
1	When we travel, we want to hit up a highly rated pizza place and a highly rated burger place wherever we go.  The reviews and the menu for Rehab looked solid, so we went, and the only conclusion I can come to is that there are a lot of really crappy burger places in Scottsdale.The food was passable.  The patties were fine and cooked correctly but unremarkable, and the toppings were varied and included some interesting choices.  The potatoes (sweet potato tots and regular fries) were more of the same.  Not bad, but nothing terribly interesting.But the service.  My God, the service.  I don't know that I can remember all of the things that went wrong, but I can assure you this stands out in my mind as one of the top three worst service experiences I can ever remember having.  We were seated for about 10 minutes before anyone came by to say hi.  We had some salads and burgers and we were here for over an hour.  This is not a fine dining establishment, and we were not loitering.  My burger came out with no fries.  Nothing, just a burger on a plate, and no one thought "Hey, that looks funny."And it wasn't just us!  The couple seated next to us sat down about 15 minutes after we did.  They probably sat for 15 minutes before anyone came to take their orders.  They got a couple beers about 15 minutes later, and by the time we left, they STILL had no food in front of them!  We told our waiter when we left that these poor people had been completely ignored all night, and we hoped that would maybe get some attention to them.  For all I know, they're still sitting there silently, waiting for someone to give them some food.The food was fine, but not in a million years would I come back here to be disrespected and ignored just to have a burger and fries.
4	4.5 starsSo we arrived here for lunch after getting off a plane from Detroit.  With surfboards on the wall and TV's with videos of the beach looping on flat-screen TV's, it felt like we had landed in Hawaii and not the middle of the desert! Loved the open-wall style of the restaurant, so you could eat inside but still feel warm breezes. Hawaiian and Know Poblano Burgers were tasty.  Almond vodka margarita was strong and helped to reinforce the island theme.  :)  Chipotle aioli was fantastic with the fries.  Sweet potato tots tasted like fried bits of sweet potato pie (too rich for me, and I have a sweet tooth).  I'd recommend if you get a smaller burger ("relapse" portion) you make sure to get it medium-rare or rare, not medium, if you like your burger juicy.  Service was somewhat slow at the early side of the lunch rush on a Friday (40 min or so to get food).  Our server was attentive and did a good job with recs.
5	A very laid back place with great service, food, and atmosphere. The burgers are pretty darn good... Just straight up good meat. I had the mushroom and swiss on a whole wheat bun and it was good! The sweet poTOToes are definitely a must try (I liked dipping it in their pineapple teriyaki aioli sauce). Te beer selection is pretty good too. It's definitely the best burger I've had in AZ and ranks on my top ten.
4	One of my fave places to come get a burger, tots and enjoy happy hour.  I waited quite a while to write a review though.  As an Old Town local, I've seen many restaurants come and go.  Way too many actually.  But I waited because the same thing always happens.  When I find a great place, I need to keep it a secret because when I come back, it's bombarded with patrons and I can't get the same experience I had before everyone else found out.  Honestly, I don't like crowded places.  I like to enjoy the experience and relax.  Only 4 starts because I really like the food & the atmosphere, but the place gets too crowded.  The patrons are squeezed in so tightly that I feel like we're all dining together.  Not cool when other customers can breathe on the food you're eating.
5	It's 9pm on a Saturday night and you've just gotten through roughly six stoutly beers and the drunk bees in your stomach are making it known they want company. This is the place to go. I start off with the fried calamari, which were cooked to absolute perfection, not a soggy piece among them, a whole meal's worth by themselves. For my main course, the Hatch Chile Cheeseburger with a turkey substitute and the pretzel bun, and an overabundance of sweet potato tots with a chipotle aoli sauce to dip them in. I am in food heaven here. THe chiles gave the burger such a good amount of heat and the flavor...intense. My companion and I then split one of the Pot Brownies, reese's style, cuz you gotta have peanut butter with chocolate to cut that much chocolate. I'm not sure if it's because the dessert was thought up by a pot head or because of the cast iron EasyBake pot it comes in but this darkened brick of brown love is delivered, swimming in a lake of what I soon discover is mallow creme, and topped with (you have to mention you want it or you'll sadly go without) two scoops of vanilla ice cream. It's not a dessert for the faint of heart or with diabetes, because if you don't already have to take regular insulin injections you probably will after consuming it.Whether stoned, high, drunk, or just come down with a super case of the munchies, this little gem in SoSco will hit all your right buttons.
5	We don't usually frequent the area, especially at night, but a meeting brought us in the area...  We searched Yelp for quite sometime trying to figure out what we wanted for dinner.... We landed here...It was a great find.  While I don't usually find myself comfortable mingling with the Scottsdale crowd... makes me feel old... the crowd here wasn't too "typical".  The staff here was uber friendly and fun.  The decor was eclectic and amusing. They pour a mean drink and the Four Peaks Peach was the coldest I've ever had it poured. The menu was quirky and there were quite a few great choices on it.  The burger was delicious, the brownie was awesome.... definitely blow on it first... that peanut butter cup was a scorcher on my tongue. Definitely a fun place to be and plenty of free covered parking next door is a plus!
5	I can literally say that I don't have one complaint about this place. I don't eat red meat but I can tell you that their turkey burger is to die for and the pretzel bun is one of the best things I have ever eaten. Also, best bloody mary I have ever had in my life, and let me tell you I have had my share of bloody marys. I even get virgin ones because they are just THAT good. The sweet potato tots are out of this world, I'm getting hungry just thinking about them. All food aside, the service is amazing! The servers are so nice and friendly and accommodating, I was absolutely stunned. One day I came in extremelyyyyy hungover, so obviously hungry and the waitress took one look at me and knew I was dying. She literally whispered and purposely sat me at the furtherest table away from the bar so I wouldn't have to see any alcohol. LIKE REALLY? Talk about going above and beyond. Not to mention that we got our food in like 10 minutes! Sooo basically: amazing food, amazing service, and amazing price. My favorite place to eat in Scottsdale!
5	Excellent combos and beef. The brioche bun is the only way to go! Service is great and the place is nicely decorated with cool music. Patio is nice. Sweet potato tots are great alternative to fries.
4	I went to Rehab tonight to celebrate my last day of work for the school year! Also, we had a yelp deal...so that was cool too. The atmosphere is very casual, that I like. I got a frozen margarita and oh my goodness it was boozy. As I am writing this, I am still tipsy from that single beverage...wow. For dinner I had the hangover burger on a pretzel roll....it was delish! The burger was perfectly cooked and it had egg, cheese, and bacon on it...how could it be bad? It was super delicious. The sweet tots were just ok, but the BF's fries were really tasty. He also liked his turkey club. The service was prompt and friendly by our nice server Pickle. Anyway, I will most definitely be back and next time I will get a pot brownie :-D
4	Everyone needs Rehab now and again.  Check in to Rehab Burger and Check out any burger on a pretzel bun.  Their pretzel bun is probably the best I've tasted.  It has that full, salty, pretzelly taste!!!     The sweet potato tots on the side were good too.  Good drink selection and awesome wait staff.
4	Great food, large portions.
5	This place was awesome!!!!
4	This place is very good.  The burgers are fat and juicy with unbelievable brioche or pretzel buns!The bar is kinda small but has great craft beer.  I love the decor which has funky old radios and TVs with a DVD playing of a fish tank!
5	This place is fantastic. I went here a few days ago and was really blown away. It looks "ok" from the outside, a little ran down and kind of shoved back behind RnR off the corner, we weren't expecting much. Little did we know when we walked in how cool, fun and delicious this place would be. It's definitely got the Cali feel to it, with pics on the walls, bikes, surf boards, and fish tanks on the TV! It's really neat the way they gave this tiny place such a big Cali feel.The place was packed on a Sunday early afternoon, so we sat at the bar. I ordered the chicken pesto pasta and my friend ordered the hangover burger. It didn't take long for the food to get out to us, while waiting we people watched and enjoyed our beverages! The food was AMAZING!!!! The pesto had a weird mix to it, when I ate a bite with no chicken it was meh, on the ok side, but when I added a piece of their marinated chicken in the mix my taste buds went bananas! It was crazy! I started laughing so hard because the chicken brought out so much more flavor of the pesto sauce! Man am I becoming a foodie. Their hang over burger was to die for. It sounds weird at first, but then when you think about it, you're trying to figure out why no one has combined eggs, bacon, colby jack cheese and green chili on top of some deliciously cooked hamburger before! I had one bite of my friend's hamburger and I was hooked. We both started chowing down like we hadn't eaten in days! I didn't think this lunch could get any better, until I checked in and noticed a coupon for their brownies! Ahhhhh man that did us in! The brownie came out super hot (watch your tongue ouchy) with some recess chocolate pieces in it, with of course ice cream on top.....DELICIOUS! I literally don't remember the drive home because I was in a food coma from this place! My friend was lucky they didn't have to roll me out the door!I can't wait to go back! This place is awesome!!!! Keep it up Rehab, you definitely showed me what I have been missing out on!PS - Staff was fantastic! Everyone was so happy, smiling, courteous, and helpful, it was awesome! Not one sad face in the whole house! You don't see that much anymore! You're staff is awesome!
5	Love, Love, Love this place! Its the day after my dinner at Rehab and Im still thinking about it...maybe I am addicted, cant wait for my next fix! The service was on point, our waitress had lots of recommendations and suggestions on what to order. The inside was decorated with a really fun vibe. The food was bomb! I substituted my burger for turkey burger and it was still awesome. My favorite part was all the dipping sauces the waitress brought over, around six to choose from. I cant wait to go back and recommend this place with 5 stars!
5	If the Onion Rings don't reel you in, then maybe the great burgers will do the trick. Really enjoyed my lunch here a few days ago. Waitress Brittany was gorgeous, but also a great waitress and the open airy feel to the place makes for a pleasant dining experience. I ordered the relapse (5oz) bacon cheeseburger and it was topped with the pretzel bun, which made the burger have a more gourmet feel and tasted incredible. The skin on fries were good, but those rings were clearly a highlight. Glad that dad ordered them and he also loved his turkey burger (claiming it was full of taste and flavor). About 8 bucks for the small burger and $10.50 for the turkey and other bigger burgers. They also have $2 domestic drafts on the 11-6 Happy Hour. Great food, will definetly be returning.
4	Rehab is in a great location and atmosphere!  We were looking to grab some food before heading out into Scottsdale for the day and fell into here.  The patio is cute and the inside has a great beachy feel.  A girlfriend of mine got the Veggie Noogie and loved the crunch from the sprouts.  I on the other hand went with the Venice Beach Club.  Note to self: IT'S HUGE!!!  It was a double stacked sandwich that was hard for me to even bite into, but I'll be completely honest...it was DELICIOUS!Our other friends went for the massive burgers which they both loved the pretzel buns.  Seems that's what everyone raves about so I'm not too surprised.  The only thing that I was kinda bummed about was the beer.  All of our beers were luke warm.  I like my beer so cold it hurts my teeth so it was hard to ignore that it was warm.  Other than that this place was great!  I will absolutely go back and take family/friends when they are in town from home.  How could you not love it ?!  I felt like I was on vacation. :)
4	Thought the burgers were pretty good! Usually not a fan of old town crowd, but this felt more low key and relaxed.  Also had good service, even though it was kind of hard to hear our waiter with the loud music. Dessert was yummy and drinks were good too.  I would return for sure!
5	I will never forget the first time I ate the "porkster" burger here, mostly because never before had I had impure thoughts about a hamburger. the decor is fine, though i do wonder why there are so many damn bikes strapped to the walls/ceiling. the servers have been friendly and attentive every time i've been there.
5	This place is AWESOME!! First time here, atmosphere is great, lively m7sic and great staff. I got the Hatch Chili Cheeseburger, with onion rings and the Maui Coconut Porter. The burger came out perfect, well seasoned and the hatch chili very tasty. The onion rings were to die for. The wife got the Mac Narley on the pretzel bun with sweet potato tots..... all awesome. All in all, we just found a new joint when we come to Phoenix.
5	This place is great!!! Food is awesome and the service is super good everyone was happy.  I had the "No Poblano" burger on a pretzel bun.  It rocked.. great paddy, manchego cheese, spicy grilled onions and a Poblano pepper.  If you check in you get a "Pot Brownie" sundae for $3.99.  Chocolate brownie stuffed with marshmallow cooked in a pan and topped with ice-cream!!!  Very friendly and helpful staff.P.S.  Gotta try the sweet potato tots with the Pineapple aioli!
5	This place rocks. Great food. Great owners. Great prices. No bullshit.    I have been here a few times.  It looks like San Diego or a place you would come in on right off the beach.  The owners are always there and they seem to love what they have created.They have clams on the menu which I have yet to get to, but so far I have had variations of their Turkey Burger and have yet to be disappointed.The staff is real friendly, love to talk and have a good time.  They also care about making sure you are being taken care of.I wish more places in Olde Town had the quality of people, food, and service this place does.
4	We had a work function in Scottsdale so we decided to have a late lunch/early dinner.  I was surprised when we walked in and found all the tables full but one. We were happy to take the last one. The decor has an island feel complete with the music and decor. The beer was very reasonably priced and there was a great selection. I opted for the coconut porter which was yummy. We ordered the chili con Fritos appetizer which took a while to come but it was worth the wait. The chili was good and just spicy enough. I opted to the special burger a bacon blue cheese burger. I ordered it on the brioche bun but it came on the pretzel bun instead. I'm going to call this a happy accident because I loved it. The service was a little slow but it was really busy in there. The food was reasonably priced and very tasty. I would definitely return and may be dreaming of that pretzel bun..
5	Absolutely amazing burger. I tried the Hatch Chili Burger and it was perfectly cooked. The Sweet Potato Tater Tots were an excellent side. I highly recommend any burger lover to try this place.
4	The previous restaurant in this space didn't last long, but Rehab Burger Therapy hit the nail on the head!  They have a great menu of food and drinks and some really tasty beers. There are about a dozen different burgers on the menu and the cool part for me (not a beef eater) is that you can sub in a turkey burger or chicken breast, instead of the beef, for no charge! You also get your choice of bun, and any place that offers a pretzel bun is a winner in my book. Burgers come with skin-on fries or sweet potato tots, both of which are really tasty.  They also serve up a half dozen or so different dipping sauces for your potatoes.  I had their wings on my first visit, in 2 different flavors ... the medium and the Gold Medal sauce.  Both phenomenal!  On my next visit, the server suggested to a friend that his favorite was to mix those 2 flavors for one amazing sauce. I believe it... I'm still sorta day dreaming about those wings.  Mmmm, wings. On this visit I also had the wedge salad as a cooling agent to the spice. This was probably the largest wedge I've had in a while.  It also had about 3 pieces of bacon in large chunks all over it. So good... Second visit I had the Porkster burger ... I felt like a porkster after eating it! This burger is topped with a heap of pulled pork in their peach-habanero bbq sauce (I subbed in the chicken breast) and cheddar cheese. It is nothing short of magnificent. I ate the whole darned thing, but had to sacrifice and not eat my tots. The happy hour pricing could be better, but their margarita is pretty delicious and warrants me ordering it again. This is a fairly small place, but its intimate and not too noisy.  I like that they have serene underwater footage playing on the tvs and not just sports blaring at you from every angle. Its pretty peaceful.  And the service here is outstanding.  Both times my servers have been uber-friendly and eager to get you anything you need.  I will be back!!
4	Great food and great service.We parked next door and as we walked up, there was a bright and happy hostess to greet us. Everyone in the restaurant was smiling and said high to us. I felt like I was Norm walking into Cheers.Our waitress was excited and knowledgeable, bright and fast. We had some really good burgers, but I would pass on the sweet potato tots next time.  I love sweet potato fries but I've tried SP tots at a few places now and they always seem to be bland.  But the burgers and the service make this place.I wish we had one of these in the west valley.
5	Stunningly good burger! I'm from out-of-town, it was my first time there, so I "bellied up to the bar". I had the "Relapse" (small) "Know Pablano" burger on a pretzel bun with their standard fries. I slathered about half of the Chipotle Aioli on the bun and left the rest for dipping the fries (Belgian Style...). I savored *every bite*. I drank some Four Peak 8th Street Pale Ale to complement the meal, and afterward had a pleasant talk with a local couple who frequent the restaurant. Friendly atmosphere, good music, clean establishment, and a nice surrounding area. I plan to come back and try their other burgers on future business trips!
2	Not to be a douche, but meh. I wanted to love this place, but the fries were soggy, that was my first bite. Second bite was a cloyingly sweet tot. Not my thing.Burger was huge. I'll say that. A Rehab, got three meals out of it. Fair is fair. But unremarkable taste.Service was slow, if vaguely friendly. Again, not terrible, but a $14 burger? Umami it wasn't.
4	I have been to Rehab a couple of times, the burger place not the real kind, and each time I have enjoyed my meal and the excellent service.The owners are always around and will stop by to chat, they really want the experience to be a good one for their customers.  The sweet potato tots are awesome, especially with the special dipping sauce that has some heat to it.  I always get the smaller sized burger, and with all the toppings and the tots, it is more than enough food.  My favorite one is the Hatch Chile Cheeseburger, just enough heat and they always cook them perfect (I like mine medium rare and I am always getting them overcooked!)  The Turkey Burger is also a solid choice with avocado and pepper jack.  And, unlike many of the other burger places, they have other stuff on their menu too, pastas, sandwiches, and salads.If I need a burger fix in the Old Town area, Rehab is my top choice.
4	Popped into Rehab Burger after a busy shopping day at Fashion Square.  We arrived for an early dinner and were immediately seated.  The decor inside is cute... definitely surfer/California vibe.  I like it.  It was a bit hot inside... could have used the AC turned down a notch or two.  Service was great... our waitress offered her recommendations and was very friendly/helpful.The burgers were great... messy, but great.  I had a standard cheese burger with thousand dressing (I don't remember what it was called).  It was fab... everything you'd want in a burger.  The Hubs had a burger with pulled pork on top.  He ate every bite and was in 7th heaven.  Both of us felt our sides were pretty cold... fries for me and tots for him.  They would have been much better hot, but they were still pretty good.We were able to get some beers on happy hour, which was great.  We will surely hit this place up again.  Next time, I want to try that pot brownie... sounded delish.
5	I really enjoy coming to this place food its pretty good but I love the fact I came here wanting to have a drink from back in the days which bars here in AZ don't know about or don't make and is a Red Devil its a little sweet but will do the job for sure and the only spot da actually made it was rehab and I thou it was really nice
5	Awesome service and awesome food. Need I say more?
4	If you are looking for a great place that has great food, then Rehab Burger is the place!  They have the friendliest staff and great happy hour specials.  I have been here several times and I have not been disappointed.  They have happy every day with fantastic specials.  I highly recommend their frozen Margaritas!  The Skinny drinks are amazing too.  They have a great menu to make any customer happy.  They have a burger menu that allows customers to sub any Rehab Burger with a turkey burger or grilled chicken breast at no additional cost.  I am a huge fan of the Turkey Burger.  I tried the Bacon Cheese Turkey Burger with Sweet Potato tots.  The server recommended Manchego cheese and I thank him for this great suggestion.  The Mushroom and Swiss Turkey Burger was full of flavor and delicious.  The sweet potato tots are the perfect size.  They offer several dipping sauces for the fries and tots.  My favorites include Pineapple Teryaki Aioli, Chipotle Aioli, and , Chipotle Ranch.  I think the secret is out about Rehab Burger.  It does get busy but it is worth the wait.  This is a great place to grab a bite to eat with friends.
5	Bartender was awesome!  Good beers!  Good atmosphere and delicious food!
2	A great place with an outstanding atmosphere, BUT unfortunately the staff and food need to be improved upon! I ordered a bacon burger cooked medium which I apparently didn't know medium means different things in different restaurants. My food was delivered and looked great , sadly my fries had been cooked too many times and there was no potato left in the middle. I explained to the waitress who wasn't very impressed and grudgingly bought me fresh fries. My burger was raw not medium ( before everyone shouts I eat blue steak) when I  explained this to my waitress she advised me that this is how they cooked their medium burgers and I should have been more specific on how I wanted my medium burger cooked!,,,, Really explain and be more specific! Surely medium means medium. Needless to say I won be going back
3	Overall I was not impressed with this restaurant.  The Burgers we had were decent but they were all lacking something to make them amazing.  Maybe I have just been spoiled at other burger bars but attentive service here and decent food.  I probably wouldn't go back here when visiting the area.
5	This place is really chill.. the servers are all pretty casual, but attentive and helpful.  I've been twice now; the first time I had the Hawaiian burger which was reeeally good.  If you're a fan of pineapple, give it a go.  The sweet potato tots are a great side.. I haven't tried their fries yet but I hear good things.  Last time I went, I had the special, which was a burger with PB&J, bacon and sriracha.. WHAT.  It was a combo that I had to try--when else would I have the opportunity?  It sounds crazy but something about peanut butter and beef was magical.. haha.  They also had this Jamaican jerk-covered cob of corn that was excellent.  Seems like they have a pretty solid happy hour.. all around, good experience!
5	Came here on a Sunday afternoon. This place has awesome specials!!! I ordered the "hangover burger" without bacon and without the hatch green chilli with the sweet POTotOES. Omg, you MUST have the sweet POTotOES!! Presentation, food quality, value and service were excellent. If I ever return to Scottsdale, this will be a pitstop! PLEASE OPEN SHOP IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA!!!! :)
3	First I must say the food was excellent. Definitely a must try if you are a burger fan. However, service was lacking energy and familiarity with menu, hope to go back and possibly just sit at the bar!
5	Awesome!  You can tell they really thought about the different burger combinations and dressings.  The sweet potato tots were awesome!  Our server recommended the pineapple aioli with the tots and it was delicious.  I had the Poblano burger.  Great flavors and just the right amount of spiciness!  The restaurant looks like a beach side bar.  the service was great and our server was full of great suggestions and was very polite.  They have options for people that don't eat red meat or need a vegetarian option.   I am definitely going back to try the other burgers!
5	Great inventive burgers and love the casual laid back vibe. Customer service was great too. The tropical theme made me want to plan our next beach vacation!
2	I had the mac burger. with fries. I thought the burger was just OK. The bun was a little hard and the burger itself was bland. The fries are nothing special, undercooked and droopy. With all the proliferation of burger places, I expect a burger that is above average. With that being said, my wife ordered the Cobb salad which was huge and that was only the smaller size...she liked it. My son and daughter both had burgers and said it was good. The place is small, hot and kind of cramped and can get noisy. I thought the service was good and they even brought out drinks while we waited outside for a table. I probably won't go back but one can do worse.
2	We went here for lunch over the weekend, having heard great things. The place was absolutely packed, which seemed a strong indicator of the quality of the food, and the service was great. Naturally, I was expecting the burger to go hard (this place does have the word "burger" in the name, after all), but, wow, what a disappointment.I had the Know Poblano Burger. First, let me say that the combination of grilled poblano and manchego cheese was excellent. If that had been all I ate, this would be a different review, though. The problem with flavorful toppings is that you cannot use them to disguise an under-seasoned burger, and that's exactly what I got.There was virtually no salt or pepper on the patty -- a big issue when the beef is 3/4 of the actual burger. Does anyone in the kitchen have basic culinary training? I'm not even a trained chef, and I know that if you forget to season the main ingredient and attempt to cover it up with ingredients that are seasoned, the whole dish comes out bland. You can't put spicy poblano and salty, melted cheese on top of a flavorless puck of beef and expect me to like it.Even the bun was soggy, which is mind boggling. How does a place that specializes in burgers not know to put some sort of leafy green between the meat and the bun? This is textbook stuff.Also, the place was hot. When there's a weekend heat advisory, you might want to turn your thermostat down a few notches -- especially when the restaurant is packed with warm bodies.By the way, that second star is for the fries, which were perfectly cooked.
5	2nd visit there and wonderful again.  The burgers are great and the sweet potato tots are the best!  Highly recommend
3	It was hot and humid inside and the communal bar top seating may it awkward to catch up with friends on a Sunday afternoon. The food was alright, but I will try another place before I return to Rehab for a burger fix.
4	Great service and good food.  See my pictures!
5	AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is a fun place with great food. The owners are there and come over to say hi, the wait staff was friendly. A lot of people have gien bad reviews because it takes a little bit to get your food, this is a BUSY place, and the food is cooked fresh. So it will take a little bit of time, NO DRIVE THRU, this isn't a fast food place. Come in sit down, relax and enjoy the people you are with and have a GREAT meal!
5	Fantastic food cool atmosphere and great service.  Burgers & Salads are tops
5	they have great service, great burgers and phenomenal wings! we go here all the time, even for take out :)
4	Try the porkster burger, just remember to bring some wet naps
5	Amazing food and great service! Everything tasted fresh and the sweet potato tots were a pleasant surprise of deliciousness- definitely recommend them! Our waiter forgot to give us the yelp discount on the brownies but no biggie because they were soooo worth every penny!
4	We have been here twice and both times had really good food and decent service.  It is a small place but never has felt closed in.  When the weather permits they open the front doors to the patio to give it an open feel.  I really like the decor also.  We will be back again!
5	Grabbed dinner here and was not disappointed. Our server was very pleasant and personable with just the right amount of check-ins with us. He seemed to really enjoy his job which was something nice to see in the service industry.I was torn between trying the PB&J Burger, the Poblano or the hatch chili burger. PB&J was out because that only came in rehab size & I wasn't that hungry. (The rehab is a pretty large burger, so either come hungry, share with others in your party or plan on bringing leftovers home.) Our server recommended the poblano and I was NOT disappointed...it was done perfectly and very flavorful. The sweet potato tots were tasty and came with a selection of dipping sauces.This place is worth return visits.FWIW, we went on a Friday night and when we stepped inside to check in the ambient noise was pretty high. We ended up getting a table outside which seemed to have a much lower noise level.
4	I came here after RnR was too busy and i ordered the quesadilla and portabello burger and both were delicious. The server we had was awesome and a riot. The happy hour is great and def choose this over RnR.
4	very nice service, friendly people, fast delivery to the table and very good food; the only thing keeping it from a 5 star is the price...a little high for a burger place and very small so during busy nights it would be tough to get in.
5	I went here for dinner with my mom and dad after seeing it earlier in the day. Our waitress Tina was amazing ask for her. We started off ordering the chicken wings (mixing 2 sauces medium/gold medal sauce) they were absolutely unbelievable! So we were pretty excited about the burgers we had ordered. I ordered a Backyard BBQ burger and it was fantastic. Cooked perfectly, great flavor, piping hot, and very well played. My mom got the hangover burger and my dad got the mushroom and Swiss burger.  They absolutely loved them. We went to Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers several days ago and Rehab Burger Therapy absolutely smashes that place. If your in old town Scottsdale and you want a good little hole in the wall feeling place go to Rehab you won't regret that decision.
5	Seriously some of the best burgers I have tasted.  Lots of variety and options to suit everyones fancy.  I love the laid back decor.  If you haven't tried it you need to, and if you haven't been in a while you need to go back soon.  I am getting hungry just thinking about it.
5	Excellent burger & fries..great place & atmosphere!
5	Rehab is the ONLY place I will ever order a burger...or wings for that matter from.  We discovered Rehab about 8 months ago and quickly become loyal customers going a couple times a month.The food is fresh, larger and most importantly super YUMMY!  I've had several things from the menu and all have been fantastic.  My go to burger is the Bacon Cheeseburger....sub a chicken breast, extra bacon and add avocado on a brioche bun.  Sweet potato tots are a MUST along with the pesto aioli.  You will not be disappointed.We adore every waiter we've ever had...except one.  We can not freaking stand one girl who works there.  She doesn't let you finish speaking before she's already interrupting you and her facial expressions are so exaggerated and almost comical if she weren't so annoying.  We request not to have her as do my parents and a couple other friends who love Rehab.Even with the one bad seed waitress, Rehab is PHENOMENAL!
5	happy hour 3-7p weekdays. drafts $2 domestic, $3 premium. four peaks brews including peach. some other decent drink deals. at the time of this post hh is all day on thursday!sunday is 11 til 4p. 2 bucks off frozen margarita which is just so damn tasty.the food and burgers ive tried are all excellent. the pot brownies are ridiculous. add ice cream.whatever you get you probably wont go home hungry.
4	Wow, I am really sorry that I waited so long to try this place. And really, the only reason I did was because I had a groupon (Amazon Local, actually). It was a deal for couples where you get to share one appetizer and then you each get a burger and then share a dessert. Wow, that was a lot of food! We ended up taking most of it home because their burgers are huge. I ordered their special for the night which had sirracha, peanut butter, jelly, and bacon on it. I know it sounds a little crazy but it was incredibly good. And I loved the pretzel bun; a lot of burger places try to do a pretzel bun but are unsuccessful at it. All the burgers on the menu had a lot of interesting toppings and most of them sounded pretty good. The best part for me was the sweet potato tater tots. Those were fantastic! We also ordered wings which hubby said were pretty good (I didn't try any). And for dessert they were out of the pot brownies so we got a strawberry milkshake which tasted like it was made with fresh fruit. Mmmm good!!I really liked the laid back island vibe of this place. They had a lot of surfer and beach paraphernalia decorating the walls. It was fun without being too corny. And I really liked the music, too. Some surf and some rock. While we were there they played a lot of Sublime which always puts a smile on my face since it takes me back to my college days. Everyone seemed really friendly and our waiter was awesome!I definitely will return. I wish I had found out about this place while I was still working in Old Town!
5	Awesome place! We classified it as a grand slam: 1st base - good location, 2nd base - quick, 3rd base - very good service, and great tasting food to send it out of the park. Should I say any more?
5	THEY KNOW THEIR PRODUCT AND CONCEPT TO A TEE!7 times in 3 weeks. There is a reason for that....  All to often we see a hyped out place. "the buzz". This is not hype, this is the real-deal. I always appreciate restaurants that know their concept so well that we, the consumer, knows it in an instant. It's not a big place but large enough to have a great vibe and neighborhood feel. Good choice of craft brews. 1 - Onion Rings: Large, Crispy, Perfect. 2 - Burgers: 2 sizes 5oz and 10oz - (go for the MacGnarly) It's a double!!!     a) Perfectly Cooked patty, flavorful     b) Toppings are well balanced allowing to taste all the goodness.     c) LETTUCE WRAP or GLUTEN-FREE BUN.          i) Lettuce should be on side until served (gets soggy pre delivery)         ii) Gluten-Free buns are good, but they are limited. Delivered fresh daily.        iii) SUNDAY - Burger of the day - my burger a couple trips ago was double              AMAZING Burger. Corned Beef on top of 2 patties, fried egg, bacon, krout and more.3 - Sides: yes I put O-rings first, because when I started writing I started drooooling.     a) Try everything on the menu.4 - Bevs: Full Bar and great crafts. Supports local breweries. 5 - Service: Friendly, warm, fun (a lil bit of sarcasm is great too) ;) - & FAST6 - Cleanliness: Perfect. 7 - Arrival/departure: "Come on in, find a seat". Departure "Thank yous" come from all over. and they are sincere. (And there is a bucket of jaw breakers instead of mints - nice!!)8 - Parking: although there are only a couple spots out front, 25' aways are 200 spots (free).9 - Overall I say Amazing!!!!Thanks RBT for keeping it real and perfect time and time again.A
4	Since moving to LA I have rekindled my love affair with the hamburger.  We were in Scottsdale for vacation and I came across this place on Yelp - so we went.The good:- decor is great- prices are reasonable- food is great (side note - I tried the Sriracha PB&J bacon burger.  Yep, you read that right.  It was ok.  I thought the PB took over the taste of the burger but it was definitely a different taste.  My wife loved her bacon cheese burger)- sweet potato tots are a refreshingly different option - tastyThe not so good:- I wouldn't say our server was overly attentive.  When she came by she was very friendly and attentive but she rarely came by.  I had finished my water (prob a 26oz cup) and waited for a while to get a refill.  Most other restaurants you barely get through 1/2 of your drink before a refill is offered.  The service wasn't a deal breaker and I would probably go back.  I think you should give it a try!
2	Went here for lunch. There weren't that many people in here, maybe 5 tables.  it was super slow to get our food, we waited easily 25 minutes.  The burgers were good, but priced according to Scottsdale.  After the meal was complete, we noticed our check was wrong... the waitress had given our more expensive check by 5$ to some other patrons, who paid it without noticing and left.  She then just gave us their check, which seemed a little shady to me. Places that are slow when not busy irritate me, and not very good service on top of that is why it only gets 2 stars even though the food was great.
5	Still good, but place is too crowded now at almost any time it seems. They were out of their famous sweet potato tots at 7pm on a weekday and pineapple aioli tasted off. Go for the chipotle Aioli - much better. Backyard BBQ burger was pretty good, but its not the best choice on the menu. Oh and what happened to the female waitress staff, all I saw was men walking around. Bartender was swamped on this visit, but he did a great job alone behind the bar.
5	Love, love, love this place! We were on vacation in Scottsdale and saw this place on yelp so we had to try it. We ate there everyday for lunch! Yes, it's that good. We tried several of the menu items and everything was excellent, but our favorite was the Rodrigo Da Vinci salad.  The service was great, everyone was helpful and friendly. The atmosphere was inviting, very trendy and comfortable. Wish I lived in Scottsdale just so I could eat there everyday.
5	The best burger joint EVER. Wow I was so impressed! My boyfriend and I stumbled across this restaurant after our flight and we were starving. I wish I lived in Scottsdale or could ship it up to Seattle.  Has it been awhile since you had amazing service? Well it has been a long time for me. My streak ended here. This was hands down the best customer service I had ever recieved. We were greeted at the bar with a big smile and recomendations. We were served our drinks promptly and Bar tender was amazing. Our drinks were fantastic! Our Bar tender was very informative with her menu! She was nice and attentive and the same with the patrons around us. Thank you so much!I had the Know Poblano Burger with a Lettuce wrap. The spicy grilled onions were delicious. I ate the whole burger it was so good. I'm so happy they have the lettuce wrap option. I'm a low carb type of gal and they made it so easy!Drinks were also happy hour priced! Lucky us! Our lunch was somewhere around $30 for 2 meals and 4 Drinks! We left a hefty tip since we were so pleased!You can't beat the taste, atmoshephere, service or price. If you want a great burger and a great experience, Come here!
5	Found this place off a living social deal months ago and absolutely fell in love with this place!! I'm surprised it has taken me this long to review.I am addicted (no pun intended) to Rehab; think I've literally been there 3 times in a two week period. I have never had a bad experience or have had anyone I brought complain about their experience. The customer service is phenomenal. The servers and bartenders are awesome and give great recommendations. The regulars at the bar there are super friendly with great advice on what to order.The food, phenomenal!! The burgers are huge and you get great portion sizes. You can substitute anything with no hassles! Their sweet tots, out of this world! And their sauces, absolutely amazing (pineapple aioli is my fave). Definitely a must try for anyone living here or just passing through!!
5	Wow, this place is awesome. The burgers were incredible and the waitstaff was funny and engaging. A definite must stop if you are in Scottsdale!
4	Food is so good here and well priced. Love the burgers and pretty much all their food.
5	Gluten-Free Veggie Noogie with Sweet poTOToes - Yes Please!!!It was amazing and Ill be taking my foodie sister and brother in law here pronto!!! Make sure to sit in Nic's section....superb service!!!
4	This place was founded by the same people who started Oregano's Pizza. It has some of the same type of vibe, but a burger vibe instead of Italian. The hamburger was very good, but I probably wouldn't call it great. Mine was a little over cooked and therefore a little dryer than I like. I didn't go with the fries, so I can't comment on them. Instead I went with the onion rings and they were also very good. I look forward to going back and trying some of the other items on the menu.
5	Okay i've only been twice but everytime has been awesome! Right behind RNR and everytime I go they have an awesome bar and waiting staff! You can't go wrong with their burgers or sweet potatoe tots! Warning Rodrigo Da Vinci salad is the most unique and awesome tasting salad i've ever had! It is always busy which tells you something and the people are all around my age also seen some pi phi shirts inside that I had no complaints about haha definitely a must go!
5	I've only gone here for lunch, but I can assume it's just as great for dinner or an evening drink. I've taken co-workers here for lunch and thought the atmosphere was fine for a super casual lunch. The wait staff and bartenders always seen friendly and accommodating.
5	Love this place! great staff great food Eat ther couple times a week
4	Food was very good and reasonably priced. Staff is super friendly. Ordered my food to go because louder atmosphere of music playing and too many talking over it isn't my thing. In cooler weather, the patio seating will be awesome. Very tropical look and much quieter than indoor seating! Overall, real nice to grab a hamburger.
5	I can not say enough good things about this resturant. My father took me here several weeks ago, for lunch one Saturday afternoon. Now, my father loves trying small, locally owned resturants WITHOUT reading reviews on Yelp... so when he picks resturants I am always nervous. However, I was completly blown away by this location. I had the chili cheese burger, and the chili was the right amount of spice, and the sweet potato tots were to DIE for. But the best, BEST part of this resturant, are the sauces. (I had no idea what they call them... something-yokie?!) But I was literally begging them to start selling the sauces to go, because the chipotle sauce of tasty goodness was so amazing. I dunked my tots, I smothered my burger. It was so amazing. Additionally, the waitress was bubbily, and fun, and very very attentive. This is what a locally owned burger joint should be. If I could give this resturant 10 stars I would. SELL YOUR SAUCES by the bottle! I'd go broke trying them all :)
5	I'm new in town and was looking for a good place to eat so I decided to try this place out. It was actually really good! I god the Hawaiian burger which had ham on it so it was different than any other Hawaiian burger I've ever had. I went for the smaller sized party and was still stuffed. The sauce was also delicious and our waitress was super nice. I would definitely go back.
5	I like everything about this place! From the food, drinks, staff and atmosphere I've never had any complaints. I'm a burger guy and the burgers here are better than most in Scottsdale. This is a tough location and several restaurants have failed here in the past few years. I see this concept staying here for a long time as it's always packed.Go check this place out!!
5	We started with the Calamari which was very delicious and was enough that it could have been a meal in itself. My wife had a Veggie Noogie which is a Portobello mushroom/eggplant/sprouts on a bun and I had Backyard BBQ Burger. Both of our dinners were very good and we had enough leftover for dinner tomorrow night. The waitress was very nice and did a great job! We will be back!
5	The Porkster plus green chili, you'll never go back to another burger. Side note, the Sweet Serrano dressing is phenomenal.
5	OH MY GOD!  By far the yummiest burer i have had in a long time!  What a great menu!  The sweet poTOTo tots were amazing with the pineapple dipping sauce.  Not too sweet but a perfect combo with these perfectly sized crunchy tots!Cold beer, awesome drinks and their happy hour rocks! EVERYTHING here is amazing! Get the pretzel bun!!!!!!!!!Will definitely be going back and i can't wait!
4	The wife and I had dinner here tonight. The food is five star all the way.  The burgers were big, juicy, and cooked perfectly. Sides were done well. Beer Battered Onion Rings are awesome.  The only reason I take away a star is because it is a small space with horrible acoustics. This caused an almost unbearable amount of noise. However, they do have a patio area which I am sure solves this problem when the weather is nice.
5	I had one of the best burgers I've ever had!  Fire grilled and done to perfection!  The food was awesome, but so was Wylie and Chef Ken!  My guy is pretty particular about his burgers and Chef Ken and Wylie both stopped by our table to make sure the burger was going to be done the way he expected it to be done. Great customer service all the way around! I also love the fact that it's a locally owned business.  My daughter used to work for Wylie at another business venture that has become wildly successful and I see this one doing just as well!  I also have to applaud them for the Gluten Free options on their menu!
5	This is the place to get the best burgers in Old Town. Great location, well staffed, and awesome food. Never had a bad thing come out to our table from here. Will be coming back for as long as they keep their doors open. Keep up the great work!
4	It's like a Jimmy Buffet themed restaurant, the only difference being that these cheeseburgers really are paradise.    Relax, enjoy the casual vibe, and don't think about the requests for therapy that you will receive from your dietician when you inform them that you are a regular.
3	The Porkster Burger at Rehab Burger Therapy is a monstrous creation. Featuring a beef patty and a healthy serving of BBQ pulled pork that is then placed between a pretzel bun and topped with cheese. The pretzel bun is the perfect platform to savor the flavor of meat. Unfortunately, the burger I enjoyed was more of a pork sandwich than a burger, and the BBQ sauce was just a little bit too peppery (making me miss out on the all the flavors of the beef). The beef was very flavorful and the bun was perfectly moist and tender. If the BBQ and pork were toned down just a bit the burger would be in elite territory.
5	My son wanted to eat at Rehab and I wasn't thrilled about going to another burger place.  I LOVED this place.  The food was amazing.  I had a poblano burger at our waiter's suggestion and didn't regret it for a second.  The sweet potato tots that my son had were awesome but those onion rings were unreal.  We watched some football while we ate which was a bonus.  Everyone that worked there was really friendly and very fast.  Our waiter brought out aioli for me without me asking because he said he thought I might like it and then brought me a lid in case I wanted to take some home with me for my left-overs.  Amazing!  It was great service and it was obvious that the people there loved their jobs.  We will definitely be going back there and I will be bringing friends.
5	Great burgers and great atmosphere...even better service. Nick our server was amazing and made our dinning  experience extraordinary...try the pig wings (on recommendation from Nick) the burger was huge and tasty especially with the pretzel bun...overall great experience. It sucked that we had to leave the next day back home to El Paso, Texas...
4	Came in simply because it was close to my hotel. Tucked away just off Indian School road, you wouldn't expect such a gem behind a simple, friendly facade. Themed like a Hawaiian dive, it is anything but. The staff was friendly, the music was always reggae, and the air conditioning was a kiss compared to the dry, desert heat outside.I had the Know Poblano burger (small) with sweet poTOToes, caramel milkshake on the side. Delicious all around. The owner gave me some 1:1 service, suggesting the spicy ketchup, coming out also with a teriyaki dip as well. I can only recommend this place and will definitely be coming back next time I'm in AZ.
5	This is an update to my previous post.  I strayed from Rehab and tried Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers just up the street.  MAJOR MISTAKE!  It was way over priced, crappy food and nothing special as far as ambiance.  I actually left Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers and went straight to Rehab for desert. I'll never cheat on you again Rehab!
5	Possibly the best bacon cheeseburger I have had this decade! Nice cool Blue Moon beer on draft to wash it down.  Restaurant was clean.  Wait staff effecient and courteous.
5	THIS PLACE ROCKS. Eat there about once a week now. The Hangover Burger on a pretzel bun with deep fried corn on the cob and $1.50 PBR's cannot be beat. I travel a lot, I always come here the night I get home. The staff is the best. The food is the best. The atmosphere is the best. Instead of a bowl of mints at the door, there is a bucket of jawbreakers. Classic!
5	Sat at the bar and had a perfectly made swiss mushroom burger and sweet potato tots.  Just great.  Bartender was friendly and replaced a beer I wasn't thrilled with when he saw me slugging my way through it.  Nice.  Staff genuinely likes each other and is having fun.  Good management, great atmosphere, solid food.  Decent value too.  Can't beat it.
5	Best Burger ever, and I love the pretzel bun. Great sweet potato tots. They always have great service, and great specials on beer and food.
5	This was an unexpected find!  My favorite spot for burgers.  Fun, "beachy" atmosphere, enthusiastic hostess and wait staff, delicious carmel milkshake (and you can have it adult style), yummy burgers, and gluten free buns.  Even my super picky friend from Michigan liked it (and he hardly every likes anything I like). It can get a little noisy due to everyone enjoying themselves so if you are looking for a quiet intimate evening, this may not be the right spot.  Often, I have to delibertly pick some place else to eat because I get embarassed when I walk in and they call me by name.  :) Highly recommend.
5	I have only been here once but I am always trying to get my girlfriend to go back.The burgers are great, as are the sweet potato tots. The margarita was also delicious. I recommend the pretzel bun!
4	They give a LOT of food and their service is great! I think I got the bigger version of the burger and basically was in a food coma half-way through. I chose the sweet po-tot-oes and they were soo good, but again, WAY too much! Their burger was delicious and I will be going back. :)
5	Wow. Excellent service, friendly, easy to talk to, and make you feel extremely welcome at their place! Food is wonderful, be sure to get the sweet poTOToes!! Don't expect to get in and out in a reasonable time though, this place is about relaxing and enjoying your time. This is my kind of therapy!
4	Rehab Burger Therapy? I may Need to go to rehab soon because this place could get Addicting. Sitting there among the hanging cruiser bikes and surfboards, it feels like you've left Scottsdale and entered a beach bar somewhere. The atmosphere is laid back without sacrificing service. The staff is quick and friendly. Their efficiency was impressive.I ordered the 5 oz. Backyard BBQ burger. It's stacked with two big, delicious onion rings, Colby jack cheese and loaded with bbq sauce (almost too much sauce, if there is such a thing). The fries were fresh, and crispy. The pickle spear that comes with the burger is no slouch either. It's not a limpy, weak pickle spear. It's stout and crunchy. Yup... I just complimented a pickle. If I knew therapy could be this good, I'd have gone years ago.
5	I have eaten lots of burgers in my travels, and I have to say that Burger Rehab Therapy is one of the best I have ever had. The meat is fresh, seasoned and cooked perfectly, the buns are fresh and soft, the toppings are fresh and the service is great. This is the burger that I will forever judge all burgers by. The other patrons are very friendly too. Lots of burger knowledge in this place.
5	Outstanding burgers, I had the backyard BBQ, the others in my group had the Swiss & mushroom, bacon cheeseburger, and hatch chili burger. We all agreed best burgers we've ever had. Fries were fresh, the sweet potato  tater tots are good, the onion rings were excellent. The staff was attentive and friendly, the owner pop over to check on us. Overall a very we'll run burger joint with excellent food. I will definitely visit again.
5	Seriously wicked burger for carnivores and vegans alike! Who knew going to Rehab to be awesome?!?!  Lindsay Lohan would have stayed stayed all 60 days if she would have made it to Scottsdale.
4	I don't think I have ever had a more enthusiastic server in my life.A short brunette helped my girlfriend and I out, and obviously loved her job.The burger I got was huge and delicious.  The fries and tots were great, too.The patio was perfect on such a beautiful day.  This is a great spot to relax with a burger/sandwich and beer.  Enjoy!
5	Yummy and hot  - good margaritas. Never had a bad experience. Love to sit outside. Calamari is better than you expect at a burger joint
5	This place was awesome! The atmosphere was great. The burgers we got were perfect. I don't know how else to say the food was so yummy.
5	l love this place, it makes you feel like you are at home!! devin, ryan, cheryl are amazing!!! the food is ridiculously mouth watering amazing!!!
5	Greatt place!  Fantastic burgers,.     Staff are very friendly and helpful.    And it has a patio ---- BONUS!
5	THE BEST BURGER IN TOWN, in the state, in the country, IN THE WORLD!!!! The staff are awesome too! Great place to come. Cant wait to return :-)
5	One of the best burgers I have ever had. And fantastic frozen margaritas I could easily drink  alllllllllllllllll night long! Staff are excellent and good fun, if you need some therapy from the stresses of life, come here and feel rejuvenated!
5	As we walked in this fun 'sports bar' like restaurant, it felt like we were in California with the surf boards on the wall. The staff was very welcoming and friendly. We were immediately offered the happy hour specials. There were so many burger options!  We settled on the Mac Narly double burger. I split it with my sisters. I was totally satisfied with 1/3d of a burger on the pretzel bun. We tried the sweet potato tots. They melted in my mouth. I can't wait to come back.
4	Two words: PINEAPPLE AIOLI. Also, my burger, the pulled pork burger, was DELICIOUS.Our waiter was super friendly and attentive, atmosphere fun, casual yet still clean (read: no dive bar here!), and total bonus points for offering gluten-free buns.Came with 3 co-workers, in town for work, but would come back again an surely recommend to people looking for a different twist on some junk food treats!
5	Lovee this place! The mcgnarly burger is a tie for best burger in Scottsdale. The sweet potato tots here are amazing and it's a really place with great music and dos equis on draft.
5	Rehab Burger wins on all measures.  Customer Service - Spectacular.   Food - delcious!!  We stopped by for lunch today and had a time crunch.  We let the hostess know and she actually checked with the kitchen to see if they could accomodate us!!  That's service above and beyond.  We decided to take our chances and stay and I'm so glad we did.  When we thought we weren't going to make it, the waitress offered to make our lunches to go.  We got our food - gulped it down and made it back to work.  They even brought to-go boxes with the food just in case.   Now, we would have gulped it down even if we weren't in a hurry because it was DELICIOUS!!  My medium burger was perfectly pink and I want more!!  My friend's medium well was also perfect.  The onion rings were beautiful and scrumptious.  Fries were great.  I'm sorry none of us orderred the "tots."  They looked great walking by.  I'll have to go back soon to try those out.  So, environment (tvs, sports, surf board, flip flops) - Thumbs up!  Food -Thumbs up!  Service - I'm out of thumbs so they just get a good tip!!  Thanks for a great lunch and great service.  I have a new favorite place to eat in Scottsdale.
5	OMG!! If you are looking for an awesome burger in a fun filled place with great service then this is the place! Came here with a couple of friends for lunch on our continual quest for the "perfect burger" and we might have found it! I had the Bacon and Blue Burger on pretzel bun and it was awesome! The bacon and blue cheese is infused into the meat and it was so juicy that I needed the three extra napkins the waitress brought me. I had the Jamaican corn as the side and it was delicious! Another friend had the Mushroom Swiss and it was delicious as well. As were the sweet potato tots that came with it. Although we were totally stuffed from our burgers we had to try the "Pot Brownies" that I got a coupon for when checking in with Yelp. And we were so glad we did! A hot brownie with layers of marshmallow fluff, peanut butter cup, vanilla ice cream, and chocolate sauce - can you say divine?!  Our server was fantastic and the place has a great vibe! Will definitely be back!
5	My boyfriend and I shared the bacon cheeseburger... Delicious!! Thank god I don't live here otherwise I will be eating way too many burgers!
5	I give 5 stars for a reason. Everything I've ever had at Rehab is like a party in my mouth.
5	Great burgers and service.  Try the pablano burger.  Outstanding.   The fries are goid as well.  Great pkace with great food at a great price.
5	Yelp: Are the burgers there good?Me: There was so much juicy meat in my mouth...that's all I rememberyelp: that's grossme: you asked.
5	I really hate to do this. I know that writing this will only bring more people to this gem that my wife took me to. Simply put, this place is awesome! Its a little place on the South End of Old Town in Scottsdale. My wife had the Blue Cheese Bacon Burger and I had the Hawaiian Burger. My wife is not a burger person per say, but really like her's which she ordered on a pretzel bun. I on the other hand love my beef, and the sweetness of the pineapple was perfect. The Pineapple Teriyaki Aioli sauce brought it together nicely. The sweet potato tater-tots where the best!The restaurant is done in a "surfer" theme with one TV showing surfing competitions and the rest showing a range of sporting events. Sitting in the bar you expect to walk out onto the beach.If you are ever in Old Town and want a large choice of beer and a great burger, this is the spot. But shhhhhhh, don't tell anybody.
4	And two hours later after my dinner I cannot move from my bed. Not for any other reason that I am completely full and satisfied with the meal I had tonight here at RBT. OUr server was perfectly attentive with the right amount of chill, so we felt comfortable in a new place. We were five seconds away from happy hour ending and he let us sneak in our orders so we could knock a few bucks off the bill, score! To start we shared the chicken chile lime dip, I think it was called. So good and spicy. Their homemade tortilla chips were really great too. I ordered the hangover burger with the sweet potato tots and my man ordered the porkster burger. Thank goodness we ordered the smaller, five ounce ones, because we hardly finished what we got. I wasn't crazy about the tots, but  I did enjoy the sauces that were brought out with them. Major props to our server and this place for standing out in this town.
5	Vettes and Rods Car Club has a GREAT time at  Rehab Burger Therapy this last Sunday! Awesome food and AWESOME service! We had at least 35 members there and we could not have had a better time! MOST COOL! And - I heard a few friends say "I think we have found our new favorite place" :-) Thanks again for a great time!
2	I can't understand why this place gets such high ratings.  The burgers are just not good.   The meat was flavorless and tasted low quality.  The fries and tots were ok, but nothing special.  The worst part was the service-we waited an hour to receive our burgers.  The only highlight was the Jamaican corn side dish.  I would not return.
5	I have visited Rehab Burger Therapy several times.  Every time I have been there, I have been greeted promptly and with a smile.  The atmosphere is so relaxing! The music is so laid back with Bob Marley, Sublime, etc.  The service spot on and friendly!  The servers have always been great with their recommendations  The burgers are innovative and oh so tasty and juicy.  The onion rings are to die for and the sweet potato tots are a must!  I took my brother and his two year old daughter today and the server couldn't be more attentive and super sweet.  My only recommendation would be to offer a couple of options for kids meals, but other than that...  Try the Hangover Burger or the Peanut Butter and Bacon Cheese Burger on Pretzel Buns!  Yes, I said it!  Delicious!!! Top Notch
5	Where to begin... This place put me in the deepest food coma my consciousness has ever been (that is a good thing). I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with avocado (rehab size) with a side of sweet potato tots and French fries. While this is a pretty standard order in the food industry, there was something indescribably different about this place. Maybe it was the seasoning, maybe the vibes or music; regardless my experience here was great and I will be returning in the near future.
5	I dont remember the last time I had a really good burger, Oh wait, yeah I do, It was here at Rehab Burger!    I had the Hangover burger and it was pretty damn perfect, a fried egg, bacon, colby jack cheese and a hatch green chili! Let alone on a pretzel bun and choosing between the large RELAPSE size or even larger REHAB size.  I got Sweet poTOToes on the side with the chipotle ranch sauce and ive never had better.  I highly recommend this place, plus it has a great happy hour and its in old town but the crowd is nothing like youd expect when youd say that which is a plus.  I cant remember my waiters name but he gave awesome service and will be back again!
5	One of my favorite burger joints in the valley. Love the vibe that I get when I walk into this place, the great service and the wonderful selection of beers. FINALLY got my first pumpkin beer of the season being that everyone has been out!! I have been here several times and bring someone new every time. I will continue to come back and support this lovely, laid back, local eatery. Keep doing what you're doing Rehab, you guys are amazing!!
4	Really solid burgers and salads. Everything on the menu comes in HUGE portions so consider sharing.The wait staff is really nice! If you are in the mood for a burger - this is a good eat!
5	the best a man can get, no joke best burger in the world
5	So, the reviews are spot on...this place is amazing!  We stopped by today right when they opened and snagged a great table on the patio with our pooch...the host recommended a super dog friendly table and brought out some water for her.  Our server was great - friendly, efficient and so nice to our dog.  The food was fantastic too...we tried the chili cheese fries to start (don't judge...we went to the gym that morning) and each of us had the hawaiian turkey burger - one on a pretzel bun and one on a wheat bun with sides of fries.  The portions were really large (I took half of my burger home) and everything was made fresh.  This is a great spot to enjoy the nice weather on the patio with some good food and drinks or inside to catch the games.  Definitely worth a visit!
3	The food was great, however, when deciding what size burger to get, our watress (knowing I really wanted to try the dessert) suggested the bigger burger. Unfortunately after sharing an appetizer and burger, we were too full for dessert. I also feel like since we didn't want the extra food to go to waste that we over stuffed ourselves and couldn't really enjoy the meal as a result. Some day soon I would like to go back there and get a smaller meal so I can fully enjoy it. Over all the quality of food was great and I LOVED the "dive bar" atmosphere!!
3	Good burgers, not great. Sweet potato tots are super sweet, like they have sugar added, so it makes for an odd paring with the burger - imo. Service was friendly and overall I wouldn't mind going back.
2	Nice environment, good location, decent service.Food is quite overpriced for what you receive.  I recently paid $12 for a burger, plus upcharges for pretzel bun and sub sides...  And it was certainly not worth the money.  The meat was dense and somewhat bland.  It tasted like it was prepared well ahead of time.There are better options out there for burgers at those price points!
5	The Porkster rehab burger was enough food for two days and the pot brownies are delicious. So good.
5	Lived up to all the hype!  Great service, great beer and great food!  Go with the pretzel bun and sweet potato tots.... Didn't have room for dessert but I hear good things! Medium style wings were a hit! My only suggestion is to serve the wings with celery instead of carrots.  That's just my preference but everyone's different.
4	I wish I could eat here more often.  I'm rarely in a good enough mood to buy a $15 burger.  When I am, I go to Rehab.  You can't make a burger like they do over at Rehab, unless you decide to put on your burger whatever you can find in the fridge.  That's pretty much how their Sunday specials work, but you won't make a Sunday special as good as theirs.  And always get your burgers with the pretzel buns.
4	Whoever came up with adding Sriracha to the PBJ burger is a genius!  The Sriracha added just the right amount of heat to let you know it had come to the party without kicking the door down with a pink wig on and screaming, "I'm here!"  Great stuff, love this place.
1	I have never written a review in my life, but the service here was so bad enough that I got compelled to write a review to warn others. Our party of two arrived around 2 p.m. hoping to get a quick lunch, but what we received was quite the opposite, it took about 15 minutes after sitting to even get a server for drinks. We had been waiting so long that we went ahead and ordered our food as soon as we were able to flag down a server, 45 minutes later not the nearest sight of our food coming, to cut it short we didn't receive our food after more than 50 minutes of waiting, we had no choice but to leave at that point. Will not be returning here ever, or at least until they drastically improve their service.
5	Gotta tell ya....every single time I go to Rehab Burger Therapy, I'm thrilled with my decision to go back.  From the laid-back and welcoming atmosphere; to the delicious burgers (can't find one that my friends or I don't like), to the great wait-staff (Megan was our awesome waitress on my most recent visit).....RBT is the kind of gastronomic and dining therapy I want over and over again.  IMHO: this is the best burger place in the Valley of the Sun.
4	I had the PB & J with bacon and Sriracha burger and much to my surprise it worked pretty well. No lack of flavor there or on any of their other options from what I could tell. You would have to go in with a serious appetite to finish the rehab size burger but the relapse size was about right - hearty but not so big that you feel sick when you are done. Another thing they did well was the aioli sauces. Creative but not overboard.
5	Ok, for anyone that has given a bad review to this place ... you either came on a very very off day or you are just too damn picky (or prefer to be paid for your good reviews).  This place has an amazing atmosphere and staff.   Hands down the best burger place in town.  You can literally make up something and they will make it, the ultimate have it your way place.  It's nice to know that you can come to a place that actually cares about its customers.  If you find yourself there while I am there, say hello.
3	After reading some of the previous reviews . . . this place was definitely one burger joint that was on my to visit list . . . loved the curb appeal, and the inside decor was great . . . the food . . . well, how do I say it . . . not so special.I ordered the Hatch Chili Cheese Burger Rehab on a prezel roll with Sweet Potato Tots . . .  when it arrived . . . it looked unbelievable . . . but the taste . . . kinda bland, seemed to lack any kind of seasoning . . . ordered it medium so that it would be nice and juicy . . . kinda dry, and while it was cooked to medium, it appeared to be a much leaner burger than I was expecting, and the pretzel bun . . . tasted kinda stale.  The sweet potato tots we okay . . . but again nothing special.Will I ever visit Rehab Burger again . . . probably . . . but maybe if I sat at the bar and had a couple of adult beverages first . . . the burger and tots would taste better.
4	Really awesome burgers! The atmosphere was kind of hawaiian barish.  The staff are really nice and attentive.  We got the pb&j burger and I really forgot the second one.. he said it was like a big mac.  Pb&j- SO good, gotta say it has super umami flavoring.  Has to be the peanut butter and shiracha.  A warning though it can get overwhelming so I would share this. Big mac?-  Nothing special just a burger with lots of toppings and overwhelming sauce.  So I guess not knowing the name of it isn't that bad.  It can get crowded so I'd come early if you dont want to wait.  I remember these people right behind me and up in my personal bubble.. felt so weird. But I guess the awesome burger made up for it
3	So I went to Rehab Burger Therapy... I really liked the name and the burgers looked DELICIOUS on other yelpers photos.My hotel is close by and it was walking distance, but for some reason I didn't know where anything was because it was so dark out in Old Town. I'm from Houston, and we like a lot of light. Anyway I walked in and loved the decor.. It kinda gave me that fun playhouse surfer type beachy feel. (sometimes when I explain stuff it sounds weird, but you'll get it when you see it)I sat at the bar and read the menu, I decided to order the Bacon Bleu on a Pretzel bun togo. It took like maybe 10 minutes. When I got back to my hotel. the burger was okay... It was my fault for not asking for lettuce and tomato, but the burger was okay... Not the best but not the worst either. I'll go back again to try a different burger, and give you guys feedback on it!!I also wish hey had given me napkins for my togo order though.. :-(Sidebar: there was this girl that worked there, she sounded like and kinda looked a little like Lindsay Lohan... (I'm random I know).
5	A+ service. A+ food. Excellent way to start off out Scottsdale vacation! We came at a busy time with a 20 month old who was hungry,  tired,  and cranky from sitting in an airplane and then a car seat for hours. Even know there was a wait, they seated as quickly and one of the ladies, who later I found out was Denise, one of the owners, brought out a plate with chopped turkey, ham, cheese, and strawberries for our little one to start munching while we decided what to order.  So kind! I had the poblano burger on a pretzel bun with a side of Jamaican corn and my husband had p_b and see a burger on a brioche bun. He opted for sweet potato tots his side. The place had several children, but no children's menu. They were so nice to tell us that they could do a variety of different things for the kids and we ended up getting a taco with chicken and cheese for our son. We asked him to please bring it out as soon as possible even if our food wasn't ready yet. They brought it out very quickly and when the bill came, the even said the taco was on the house because they knew how hungry he was and they didn't bring it out fast enough for their liking. Such a wonderful place, a wonderful atmosphere, kind people, an excellent food! If this place was in my hometown, I would be there every week.
2	Not sure if it was just a off day or what not but...Had to clarify our order twice with the waitress and it still got messed up. Not a custom order or anything, we just had never been their before so all the options for buns, sizes and cooking temperature were never asked so we never got want we expected. Slow and inattentive throughout our stay, really bad.Burgers were really nothing special. Patties were tough and flavorless (ordered medium and rare respectfully). Toppings were ok but they seem to try to counter their mediocrity with huge portions. Fries were underdone and just... meh. I wanted to love this place based on its pictures, and the food /looked/ good, but just didn't taste good at all. With the lousy service it was a total fail unfortunately :-/
4	This was great!  I got the PB&J on a pretzel bun which was everything promised and more.  I'm not used to the siracha heat, so the sweet potato tots were a good pairing to take down the heat in the first few bites.  We sat outside on a very chilly night so we were alternately frozen and then thawed by the heaters.  The server, Kassie, was really nice and ran the whole patio very easily.  We had the brownie to finish off the night, which was a mess (too many layers) and not very good in the end.  But it didn't ruin our night and the whole meal for 3 people was very reasonable.  We'll be back!
5	Can I give this place 6 stars?  We had a great experience here the other night. We arrived with a toddler who was really hungry and the owner bent over backwards to accommodate his needs despite having a packed house on a Thursday night.I had the PBJ burger and my wife had poblano and both were excellent. At first I thought PBJ would be a little gimmicky, and though I'm always seeking out highly-regarded burgers wherever I go, I felt this was something genuinely innovative and well executed.Visiting from Austin, this place reminded me of a many of our local favorites: Hut's Hamburgers (menu), Hula Hut (tiki bar atmosphere) and Freebirds (decor/quirkiness) with an extensive bar on top of that. I returned to get something to go on a Sunday at 3p and every seat at the bar was full along with half the tables so it's no secret that this place rocks.
5	Wow! The food was amazing! Peanut butter and jelly burger with bacon (sounds gross) was amazing! The salad we had was even better.... Wish I remembered the name of it. But it had tortilla strips and chicken and a whole lotta goodness! Can't wait to go back!
5	Loved this place - particularly the PB&J burger. Probably the most unique take on a burger I've seen, and not weird unique - like absolutely unexpectedly wonderful unique. Came here with a bunch of co-workers. As usual I couldn't decide on just one thing, so I split two burgers with a co-worker/buddy of mine: the PB&J burger, and the turkey burger.I believe we got the PB&J on a prezel bun, and the other one on a focaccia. The turkey burger was pretty good (it's main characteristic was the massive 10 oz patty), but it was the PB&J burger that really shone. It mingled sweet and savory, with the textures of tender beef, hearty but soft/moist prezel bun, light jelly and hearty peanut butter into what I can only describe as a culinary journey to another world. It was gone before I could fully process what I was eating. Of course the sweet potato fries and the whole host of unique dipping sauces was great.The other star of the night was the pot brownie (no there isn't pot it in), but IT'S in a large pot... of marshmallows, brownie, caramel, ice-cream... just overwhelming delicious and excess. Finally, there was a well rounded and delicious selection of beers. Definitely make the trip if you can.
5	We visited the Phoenix metro area from California and I can honestly say my first experience with a Arizona burger joint did not fail to impress.  The decor is something straight from a typical So Cal beach boardwalk: Lots of wood, surboards, bicycles, VW mini-buses, tiki torches...  All they were missing was the sand!  Plenty of flat screen TV's playing everything from surfing competitions, downhill MTB'ing and other various sporting events.  The overall atmosphere is clean, well presented and very laid back.We had the Poblano and Mac Gnarly burgers, both of which were HUGE, cooked perfectly and very tasty.  The sweet poTOToes with Pineapple aioli recommended by our waitress were awesome.  The food was excellent, prices are very reasonable and the service was great.Overall, a fantastic experience.  We'll be back!
1	We gathered with a large group of friends for a birthday celebration. Most everyone ordered a burger with a beef patty but I opted for turkey instead due to dietary restrictions. I was shocked to find that mine was a perfectly shaped oval patty that was probably processed and thrown in a freezer before being heated and served to me. It's not that hard or expensive to make your own patty and its a ripoff to pay almost 11 for a burger that wasn't made fresh. I pointed it out to my server and she didn't deny my claims. I also got the sweet potatoes which were nothing more than perfectly shaped frozen battered pieces resembling the color if sweet potato. Needless to say we won't be back.
5	Amazing burgers, good atmosphere, super super friendly staff, large drinks. It's a recipe for a good night.  try the brownie!!
1	Service was awful, order was wrong and we were forgotten by our server-will not be back as 3 shots your out will spend my money elsewhere
3	If you've read my reviews, you know I am in an endless search for a burger as good as Indulge Burger, which closed and broke my heart. I have heard really amazing things about this place from a lot of my friends. Although I prefer to only eat natural, antibiotic free, grass fed meat, the feedback on this place was so great I knew I had to give it a try. The location is great and parking not too bad. We didn't have to wait to be seated. Once we were seated though, it was 40 minutes before we got our food, which felt like a really long time. Our waitress was a really nice laid back lady, and the other staff seemed really nice. Sadly, my cheeseburger was good, but not amazing. I loved the bun and the meat was good, but it just kind of was like most other burgers, flavored with pepper. The fries were very good, but not quite amazing. The shake came out and was the consistency of chocolate milk, so I asked them to remake it. It came out thicker and colder, but was average, not great. Maybe I just am holding everything up to a standard from a place that I can't have anymore :) I will have to give this place a try again another day.
2	I was in the mood for a burger and thought I would give this place a try based on reviews and being in close proximity.The atmosphere is good, but the hostess that seated me looked more like a customer and was busy talking to a friend.  I ordered the 5 oz Relapse Know Poblano Burger cooked medium wrapped in lettuce with the Sweet poToToes.  I was surprised how quick it came out and after my first bite, it was obviously undercooked.  Basically it was lightly browned on the outside and cold and raw in the middle.  I sent it back and it was replaced with no problem, but still more on the medium rare side than medium.  The sweet potato Tots were ok, but I think they could offer something of better quality.I was not impressed enough to go back and prefer the burgers and fries at Red Robin over the Rehab Burger Therapy.
4	I went here based on a recommendation from a friend. I had the bacon and blue burger with fries. The pretzel bun was very good. The burger was average, but the other burgers on the menu sounded good, too. I will go back to try the others.
4	very good
5	Awesome local place, doing burgers like a boss! Prices are unexpectedly low for how great the burger is. I had the PB&J, which is a risk, but one that pays off! The sweet, the nutty, the spicy.  Just try it!
4	If your looking for a good or unique burger this would be the place to go. This was my first time there and I played it safe and got the mushroom swiss burger, which was very good and tasted like a good burger you can get most places. The people I was  with though really went all out and got some of the crazy unique burgers on the menu. Like getting a friend egg on the burger. If I ever return I will def be trying something more unique. I am not usually a sweet potato fan, but the sweet potato tots were actually extremely good and the sauces paired with them really gave them a unique but awesome flavor.
4	Love the little patio!
5	Best burger joint in Scottsdale!!! Food is always great and staff is always friendly!!! Definitely a must when deciding on places to go!!!
4	The food is super good. I went for the Mushroom & Swiss burger. I was hesitant to get the Rehab size since it is 10 ounces, but our waitress gave me a tip--they use the same size bun for the Rehab (10 oz.) and the Relapse (5 oz.) burgers, so I immediately took her advice and went Rehab. The last thing I wanted was a bad ratio of burger to bun. I also opted for the pretzel bun because I am obsessed with them, so any time I see them on a menu I have to indulge. I also opted for the sweet poTOToes, which were so-so. My husband went with the skin-on fries and I liked those better.
4	Ok, you know how sometimes when you eat a burger you think I need a little more...just a few more bites? Well, that did not happen here! I ordered the 10 oz bacon bleu burger on the pretzel bun and it was huge! I got the onion rings and they are amazing compared to other places. I also tried the fries with the spicy ketchup which our server told us is based in habanero and it had the perfect amount of kick. If you want a good burger, give Rehab Burger a chance. By the way, never go into other places named rehab because A. Quitting is for wussies and B. The food isnt as tasty!
5	This place is wonderful! I will definitely be going back. The PBJ, bacon and sirracha burger is worth the return. The sweet poToToes are also delicious. Fun atmosphere with friendly staff. What a gem in the heart of old town Scottsdale.
3	First off, my burger and tater tots were great. I got the large Porkster burger which is a hamburger patty topped with BBQ pulled pork - 10oz of meat overall. It came with cheese on a brioche bun and I could only finish half! The sweet potato tater tots were a nice side, especially with the pineapple terriyaki aioli sauce for dip. No complaints here!My 10oz burger with tots, mom's 5oz burger with tots, and a lemonade came to just under $30. However, had a big disappointment with the lunch time service. Our server was nice but way too much of a space case. He was really attentive until we got our food and then went MIA as the lunch hour started to pick up. Never got another refill on my drink, had to grab the usher for a to-go box, and when we finally got his attention after waiting for a bit we asked for the check and to try out the dessert ("Pot" brownie). Instead of dessert, we just got our check (sans dessert listed, with no mention of said dessert) so we just paid and left. Ain't nobody got time for that!
5	YUMMM! Was craving a burger and decided to take the 20 minute drive to Scottsdale to try this place and I am glad we did! Hubby got the PB&J burger which he says the flavors melded really well together and didn't taste like a straight up PB&J. I had the Poblano burger With their spicy onions on the side...so good! Atmosphere was fun and inviting. For sure will be back.
5	Love this place. Been here twice-once for lunch, once for dinner. The surfer/beach atmosphere sets a great mood. Love the reggae music! Staff has never let us down... Friendly & Attentive. The food is just off the wall. My husband always gets the McNarly burger which is what the McDonald's Big Mac in a 5star restaurant would be. I personally am addicted to the sweet potato tots. And they let you have whatever signature sauces you want. I love this place.
1	Never again, I don't like food poising so I'm going to tell you to pass on this place. Calamari RUINED me for at least a couple of weeks.
4	Excellent burgers that are very unique for the menu. Such a "Chill" atmosphere with plenty of bar tables and decent size bar. Perfect place to start and end your happy hour. Andrea is an excellent server and you can tell everyone helps out with the guests. The food is made exactly as I expected and asked the first time!
2	I am cringing as I write this; My husband and I have a 1 year old so date nights are at a minimum for us. This being said, we try to sneak in a 'date lunch' here and there. After reading some stellar positive reviews, we decided to try Rehab Burger Therapy out. Parking was fine, we got into a good spot right away, but as soon as we walked through the door, we were disappointed. We stood in the doorway for a few minutes before anyone noticed us, were sat and ignored for at least 10 minutes. We finally ordered and the server returned 5 minutes later because she 'forgot to take drink orders'. 25 minutes later we were served our food... this is the only reason I gave this joint 2 stars-- the food. The Hawaiian burger and sweet potato tots were so delish, but still didn't make up for the super disappointing service-- after all we didn't lunch until 1pm so it wasn't swamped. We will try again, on an occasion where we have more time bc the food truly was yummy!
4	I have an obsession with fish tacos and since moving here 7 months ago, I haven't been able to find one that is even tolerable. I have now, thanks to Rehab Burger Therapy! I enjoyed every last bite of my fish tacos the other evening. We went during happy hour and they had cheap beers and pinnacle drinks. My husband had a chicken burger on a pretzel bun and he said the chicken was well seasoned. His fries were also delicious. We will definitely be back! I'm still searching for the perfect fish taco down here but I have renewed hope now!
4	I have been here a few times now, and every time, had a wonderful experience. So far, some of the best burgers in town in my opinion. I love the atmosphere, and the service has always been good. Great destination for a bike ride!
4	PB&J Burger, Thank me later :) A very cool, laid back restaurant with a creative menu.  I am a burger fanatic and Rehab is a must try!  The service was very friendly, they have a full bar and I've tried burgers with peanut butter before, but never with jelly and I must admit, the jelly takes it to new heights.  My kind of place - casual, fun, friendly and unique menu items.  BOOKMARK it!!
5	Best burgers ever, my favorite place. The staff is really nice, relax get a beer order your favorite burger and must try the Jamaican corn
3	Can a good burger make up for crappy service? Maybe the owners think so because the reviews are riddled with service complaints and they don't seem to being doing anything to fix it.Granted, they do have a sign on the hostess stand warning they run on "island time" and if you've ever been to any island - Hawaii or Caribbean - they definitely operate at a slow pace.I ordered a chili cheese burger with sauteed onions. They forgot the sauteed onions, the chili had beans - which is gross on a burger - and I had to ask for salsa twice. Plus my burger was overcooked and dry. The fries were meh and for being house-made they have more potential.The hostess is clueless; she was still taking names for the wait list when there were literally 6 open tables. Our waitress was sweet and made us laugh but when we needed her for silverware, more salsa or refills she was as elusive as a snow leopard in Arizona.
5	Great burgers, service, and atmosphere!  Yum.
5	My Regional manager loves burgers and was pretty faithful to Culinary Dropout whenever he was in town. I pleaded him to venture out and took him to Rehab. Our waitress suggested the PBJ and after some convincing, we decided on that and the Blue Cheese. My manager took a bite of his half of the PBJ and I asked him how it was... Silence. He continued to eat his half and then stared at my half. He said it was the most mind blowing experience he'd ever had. I took a bite into my half and immediately knew what he was talking about. It is definitely unexpected. The mixture of creamy, sweet and spicy....there are no words!
5	I have to admit this is a fantastic place!  Ambience, burgers, fries, service. It was all good. I came here with a client and wished I was here hanging with friends having a beer. Very comfortable!
5	I love this place! If I lived closer I would be there all the time! Doesn't matter if you get a salad or a burger, you never leave hungry. Very relaxing with a wonderful staff. Even the regulars go out of their way to talk and say hi.  This is one if my favorite spots if Im with my son or just having a beer at the bar. Thanx Rehab! :)
5	Tried the PBJ Burger on a recommendation from our server and wow. It was amazing I will definitely be back when I am in Scottsdale next time. Also the sweet potato tots are great as well as their onion rings. I was impressed to see a lot of the locals there as well as visitors like myself. Great burgers and cold beer.
2	The food is good. We has a nice waiter, however... The hostess' were beyond  rude... Smh
4	Very good burgers the only improvement i would recommend would be that the sweet potato tots were actually too sweet if that is possible. Other than that awesome burgers.
4	My rating is more of 3.5 than a full 4 but oh well, its still good. Rehab Burger Therapy is maybe one of the worst names for a restaurant I've heard but still it didn't stop me from going in. Decor has no relation to name. Surfer looking joint. Which is fine. Menu doesn't relate to either concept, surfing or Rehab other than the sizing of the burger being "Rehab" for bigger and "Relapse" for the smaller.  Walked in on a February afternoon, restaurant is a bit on the warmer side, air's a little thick. Maybe just the day but still not perfect setting. Who cares about setting really, lets talk about the food. First of all the main reason I leaned to the 4 instead of 3 stars is mainly due to the waitress being pretty cute. That's a plus in my book. We started out with the calamari which was a great choice. Really good. They gave a really generous portion and we devoured it right away. Waitress brought us 3 different dipping sauces not sure if thats the norm, one was medium buffalo sauce that they put on the wings which she said "one of my favorites", 2nd was a chipotle something another, and the 3rd was the marinara that they give normally. All were fantastic! The buffalo sauce worked really well with the batter on the calamari and the other two were equally great. Like i said, we devoured it. Great start. We ordered beers, decent prices but not as chilled as they should've been. The three of us ordered all burgers, one had pulled pork on the burger but we were told they didn't have any pulled pork. Not good. We eventually ordered the bbq burger, chili cheese burger and the whatever the name was that had grilled pineapple, cheese and ham on this burger. BBQ burger went over really well. Pineapple ham burger also went over splendidly. My chili burger not quiet as good. The chili is good, would've been better as a side dish then on the burger. The whole plate when brought out was covered in chili. The bottom of my pretzel bun couldn't be found as it turned to mush from sitting in chili. Not good. The burgers are large but could use some kind of seasoning, a little on the bland side. Pretzel bun was ok, I've had better. You can buy better at Costco. Maybe they should do a daily run over there every day instead. The fries sucked. Barely ate any. The sweet potato tots were ok at best. Their sides need work for sure. Service even though she's pretty she was not the most prompt and kinda didn't show up for a while even though business was rather slow at this time. So there is some negatives but there was more positives so therefore a positive rating. I like the place but it does have room to improve. Hopefully if there is a next time, and it will be.
4	Love the atmosphere and the food is great! The sweet potato tots are really good. I went one time and terrible service and when I mentioned something about it to the owner they immediately addressed it and bent over backwards to make sure my friends and I left happy!
5	Fantastic burger? Sure. Great atmosphere? Absolutely. Friendly wait staff? Yes sir. We enjoyed our meals. I had the No Poblano Burger "rehab 10oz" and fries. She had the turkey burger with onion rings. Both meals were delicious! We were engaged in great conversation with our server, Devon, (a local AZ). I am glad we were here before the spring training crowd, because I doubt we'd get the chance to talk. We will be back to try another burger ASAP!
5	Been here 4-5 times now and the burgers keep getting better and better. Best burgers in Old Town!
4	Nice ambience, great variety of appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, etc. I had the chili cheese fries - very good! Followed that up with a bacon cheeseburger - also very good. Had a couple glasses of Kilt Lifter beer as well. The place was fairly crowded at 1 pm when I arrived but the crowd thinned out a little by the time we left. There are also large and smaller sizes for each burger.
5	Best place ever. We try and eat here once a week. Love sitting out on the patio. Food is great and the service is even better. The owner is there often and you can truly tell they care. Really fun place.
5	Ok so I'm from out of town and wanted a big juicy burger !!! And I came to the right place. As soon and we walked in  we were greeted by both owners with smiles and hellos. It felt very mom and pop as soon as we sat down. We chose the the bar to sit at because the bartender looked like he was having fun with customers and a SHAKEWeIGHT !!!! Haha oh and it was happy hour!! He did not disappoint ..walking us through the menu and keeping our beers ice cold!!  We got the wings!! Yummy and split the BBQ burger with bacon!! Both fantastic.  This will be a great spot for spring training. Ask for Reno behind the bar. He will turn your day around!!!
4	Excellent burgers. Quality beef makes a difference! We split the 10 oz for lunch and it was PLENTY!  Sweet potato tater tots wierd and not very tasty. Cannot recommend those.Nice selection of beers. Liked special offerings to dress burgers.Great location right before a game at Scottsdale Stadium. EZ walk. Service good. Young crowd. Burgers took a little while, but worth the wait.
3	Tried after reading reviews on yelp for burger places.It was good, not amazing, but good.The Mac Narly burger is a spin on a Big Mac, I give it a 3 out of 5. It's got nothing on Culinary drop outs Mac burger.The onion rings were to heavily battered as I tasted the flour.The chicken, dip,cheese , soup was ok, like soup with tortilla chips, mah.
5	Delicious, fun and unbelievably perfect margaritas. Our waitress made every detail great. We had four kids with us, and some of the food was a little spicy for them -helped figure out a solution on the fly so they were filled up and we didn't buy four additional meals. Quick tip...call ahead for large parties. We had our table waiting for us upon arrival.
4	We were celebrating a friends birthday tonight so I thought I would honor his aging with a little child like ordering of my own. I had the PB&J Bacon Burger. It is exactly what it sounds like: creamy peanut butter and grape jelly melting over a juicy beef patty with hearty bacon slices. There is also a little sirano chili in the mix to further confuse your taste buds. It was served with sweet potato tots and a pineapple dipping sauce. I washed it down with a Corona Rita. I probably won't do this one again, because there are so many other great burgers on the menu I want to try next but if you are a little brave and very hungry, give this one a go. It will make you feel like a kid again.
1	Bartenders = just annoying as can be - the type of people who you intentionally avoid eye contact with in hopes they don't speak to you - kind of like you would with a crackhead that is on a muttering, ranting binge attacking anyone who comes too close to them.  Boynerds on a self-manifested coolguy pedestal  dancing to their own tune (read: Rebecca Black's "Friday"). If you do sit at the bar, please make sur eto take note of the tool pool (read servers) that feed off every move the tenders make - like groupies at a One Direction concert. Except it's all guys. all guys.Wings = Quite good actually, though the menu says they were supposed to come with celery, which for some unknown reason really upset my girlfriend when the celery didn't show up. PB & J Burger = 2 words (food poisoning) - yep, thank you Rehab for allowing me to enjoy my first bought of this wonderful gem. The idea is controversial, but from the common opinion from staff and patrons alike, we went for it. Maybe they are good when cooked properly - but that's not what I got. I got a hot pile of slop in the shape of a burger. All I could taste was mushy,warm peanut butter and the juices of meat that I suppose was the burger. My gf and I split 1 burger. I ate 3/4 of my half, she ate 2 bites. I already had a lump in my stomach. We paid and got to safety.
4	The Hangover Burger is LEGIT- fried egg, bacon, colby jack cheese and hatch green chili. They also have a PB&J with bacon and siracha for anyone brave enough to try it.
4	The burger was the best I've ever had, had the Poblano. Everything from the pretzel bun to the meat and toppings was top notch. Unfortunately I waited 35 minutes for my food during a slow period, the service was abysmal. But, I will be back for the burgers. If not for the service, would have been five stars.
5	Had a fantastic time at this place. The service was great and very friendly people. The burger, sweet potato tater tots and brownie dessert was bomb dot com. I have recommended this place to family and friends already.
5	I don't give many 5 star reviews but this place deserves it. It's our second time in Scottsdale and for this second visit our first stop before we even checked into our resort was the Rehab Burger Bar!First of all their margaritas are the best I have had. Order one of those right away while deciding on what burger you want to eat. I ordered a bacon blue cheese burger, with everything mixed in the patty. Patty they make is huge! Burger was cooked perfectly and went well with my drink and sweet potato tots.Atmosphere inside is great also. Very chill but a great bar atmosphere.Only drawback is there are not one of these in Chicago!
5	Holy mother of God... when I die, please spread my ashes (secretly) in Rehab Burger. I don't even.... where to begi.....how do I..... Down boy! Burgers: Bada$$, tasty, creative. Fried stuff: unique, delicious, rings are kings. Apps: Pig wings..?.... shut the front door! gimmie a plate of pig wings, a beer and leave me alone until I'm done, then bring more of everything. It's a classy joint
5	Finally found the best burger place in town! The burgers were perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious.  According to my 10 year old the fries were the best ever and I agree. Amazing onion rings and wings too. Plus, the service was outstanding. Words cannot describe the pot brownie. Heavenly doesn't quite do. We cannot wait to come back!
5	I have been here twice and both times have been great. They really have a nice service staff & very Attentive! Food is pretty good as well! They seem to be always busy but super glad you are there with them. Well done!
3	Rehab burger is your total local dive bar but has a cool vibe to it as well. They offer great drink specials, and have a great burger menu. I had there Hangover burger with the sweet potato tots and to me it was pretty mediocre plus I ordered my burger medium rare and received a well done burger so of course I am sure that had something to do with the taste. Would I go back and give em another shot? Probably not considering there are alot more great burger joints in Scottsdale.
5	This place is great. Amazing patio, delicious burger. Place is more than packed on sat after spring training game and still phenomenal service with a smile from our server Lauren!
4	Food is really good. Don't miss the PBJ burger. The hangover would make a nice breakfast too. The atmosphere is chill good music not too loud thanks for that. A mix of people but more younger peeps. It's bathroom is a bit dirty but otherwise a don't miss this one place.
5	We came here at the tail end of our "Spring Training" trip in Scottsdale. This could not be a better meal to end the trip. My friends and I all got the PB and J Burger because it was similar to the famous Jiffy burger in Chico, Ca and we were not disappointed! It was amazing and the service was great! Wish that we had one of these in SF.
5	Best burgers in town and reasonably priced! Good service too. Try the Know Poblano Burger.....Its wonderful! Be ready to wait though, the place is not huge, but has a lot of people who love it. I've been sat right away and been waiting 45 minutes depending on what time you go.
5	I absolutely love this place, the food, the service.  Everyone is friendly.  Bartender remembered my drink upon my second visit without me asking.  I always meet friendly visitors and locals there and everyone is welcome.   Try the sweet potato tater tots and ask for all of the dipping sauces.  They also cook their burgers to order - not over like a lot of places here and the quality of the meat is very good.  It's my Sunday funday place.
5	Very good burger, had bacon and blue burger on Pretzel bread. I usually don't eat many buns, but had all of this one. Had a Pale Ale with it. All Good!
4	Chili cheeseburger was great and prepared just the way I like it.  Good portion size, friendly service and a relaxed atmosphere.  I will go back next time I am in Scottsdale.
4	A winner in Old Town Scottsdale.  Sure it is a burger place, how good can it be? Well, I am telling you it is pretty darn good.  The vibe is a laid back kind of beachy shack, not huge with half of the seats outside. We had a great waiter who was helpful, friendly and checked on us often.  Good happy hour. Decent beer selection and the burgers are legit!  I had the hatch burger on the pretzel bun (beyond yum) and fries.  I loved it completely!  Really fun, laid back place.  I would come back!
5	Based on the yelp reviews, I had to check this place out during spring training.  Place looked like an awesome joint to have a burger and hang out. I ended up ordering the bacon cheeseburger on a brioche bun with jamaican corn. Definitely one of my top 5 burgers I ever had, the only regret is that I ordred a small patty instead of a large. (I felt that the bread to meat ratio was a little off.)  My friend ordered a swiss and mushroom burger on a pretzel bun.  The pretzel bun isn't really my thing, but tasted delicious otherwise. Would and will definitely come back here if I'm in town!!
5	While wandering around Old Town Scottsdale we decided to yelp what was nearby for something to eat. We found Rehab and decided to wander over there.The place had a laid back hippy vibe (our waiter had an amazing mustache that the wife would never allow me to grow!) and a great happy hour special. The burger was to die for. The pretzel bun was one of the best I've ever had the burger and bacon were crispy and cooked exactly the way I like it.
5	i don't ask much in my search for the perfect burger. Yes, it's nice to dine in a well kept restaurant. It's also enjoyable when the staff is interactive and friendly. A buzzing atmosphere is always a nice touch. But when it comes down to it, when I'm looking for the Taj Mahal of burgers, it all balances on what is served. And let me tell you, RBT knows how to serve a burger that will satisfy your deepest bovine desires. The menu is full of unique and staple burger offerings. The one that caught my attention, however, was the PBJ and Bacon burger. Upon reading the burger's description,  I felt more conflicted than a Southern Baptist at a Castro District drag show. "Wait a minute, PBJ does not belong on a burger!" "What?! The patty is drenched in sriracha?!" "I can get it with a pretzel bun as well?!"The universe, as I saw it, was collapsing everywhere I looked. None of this made any sense to my respectable burger palate, and I yearned to taste this forbidden concoction of beef, bacon, thai hot sauce, and pb&j. Not to be outdone by the unique burger, I forewent the pedestrian side of fries and ordered the Jamaican corn to accompany my otherworldly dish.What happened when dinner was served is somewhat of a blur. No, I was not intoxicated (in the traditional sense) - I can only compare it to the moment when you first meet your soulmate. That moment you will never forget, but cannot remember to the fullest detail. With my very first bite, my synapses were firing at a rate that a M134 Minigun couldn't match. My eyes bulged with intense fulfillment, my skin emitted a cool sweat of indulgence, and I could have sworn I heard the faithful tune "Take my Breath Away" ringing in my subconscious state of euphoria. I had found it, the perfect burger was in my grasp and I felt unworthy. The burger, like most fleeting romances, was gone before I could sincerely take in the magnitude of this event. Fortunately, the Jamaican corn was still at my disposal, and may God turn me into a horny toad if that side wasn't an outstanding compliment to the burger. Now the Jamaican corn wasn't from the same metaphysical realm from which the PBJ and Bacon burger originated, but it was more like a swan song for my recently departed dish, an ultimate tribute for the tantric experience of RBT.RBT delivered when it counted most, and I'm not talking about a swift thrill, I'm talking about the kind of satisfaction that is almost melancholy, as if my burger pilgrimage was finally complete. Time will only tell if this is true, but until then, RBT is the home of my favorite burger.
2	Don't order the 5oz burger because their buns are the same ones they use for the 10oz burgers. If you like bread order this burger... The bread smothers the burger. Tried the Mushroom Swiss... The tots are good though... The 10oz burgers look good and will give it another try
5	Shut up. Go Here. And get the Mac Gnarly Burger or any burger...yum.Beachy vibe...awesome fries too man i'm hungry. Just do it.
5	I really love the service at this local spot. I pop in for lunch and they are fast and friendly. The burgers are amazing. I suggest trying the hangover burger with the fried egg and the poblano pepper. Even the smaller burger is huge. I love the assortment of buns and the spicy ketchup. They have a nice relaxed atmosphere where you will want to stay a while and relax. The decor looks like it belongs on a beach and the people are fantastic. It is always clean and food arrives quickly.
5	Went there twice in a month. Nom nom nom
4	Burgers are great, relaxed and casual environment and great service. Kaye our server was terrific! Great place for a burger and fries!  Also the Portabello burger really hit the spot.
4	Great burgers with a great (although slightly out of place in the desert - and a little forced) beach vibe. Burgers are great, tots rock and the beer selection is very good.Only thing keeping me from going five stars is the service. Each time I've come in, whether at the bar or a table, I find myself wondering why the service is so slow. Maybe I should just chill out and let myself go with the laid back vibe if the place? The food more than makes up for the slow - and even sometimes borderline rude service.Love the fact that the burgers come in two sizes, and the skinny seasoned fries are great.All in all, it's a great little burger shack!
2	HEY YALL...Thanks, but NO THANKS. I ordered the bacon burger. The worst burger that I have ever eaten. DRY DRY DRY....besides the Coolest Bartender and Worlds Best Corn on the Cob...This would just have been a waste of gas. I really really had my hopes up...oh well :-/
5	Great! Love to see out on the patio. Bring your appetite, the burgers are huge and the sweet potato tots are to die for!
5	I've been here about 6 times in the last year or so. They have blown me away each time with their food, service, and cool vibe. Had the bacon cheeseburger last night with the pretzel bun. It was delicious, juicy, and huge!  A solid "go to" place every time I am in town. Thanks guys!
5	Only bad think I can mention about this place is the single bathroom. One for Men/Women and one for Women so if you have to go on a busy Friday night, you'll need to get in line. But not a big deal. Service was quick and friendly. Burgers are great. Big and juicy with your choice of different buns. The fires are good and plentiful. My wife like the sweet potato tots. Get there early on the weekend as there is usually a line but it moves quick. Been here 8+  times and never disappointed. I like the McNarley burger. Be prepared, the Rehab burger is two patties, hugh and messy. Ask for extra napkins.
5	Delicious!!!! I had the hangover burger which was so good and I could only eat half. The sweet potato tots were my fave with whatever yellow sauce they serve on the side. I topped it off with a chocolate lava milk shake... Yes please! This place gives a relaxed vibe, good food, decent prices for the sometimes over priced Scottsdale area & I will def be back to try the pb&j burger :)
4	Really great burgers with combinations that sound strange but are AMAZING!!!  Please try the peanut butter and jelly burger. Service was so-so - bartenders were good enough.
3	The  servers were friendly and all ,  the  chips and salsa were  pretty good  spiced up  just right,  the burger was present well  but  was very dry,  and not really tasty ,  Id probably come back for a beer or something  but won't overly  impressed with the burgers
5	Great atmosphere!! The service was phenomenal!!  Good beer selection and the food was awesome!! Sweet potato tater tots and the burger with pulled pork on top was great!  Can't wait to come back!
5	Holy crap, this place is re-DONK.We came by here starving and damaged after Tough Mudder the other weekend. Our waitress (bless her heart) was the sweetest lady, and even went out of her way to cut an aloe vera branch from the plant outside for my friend to tend to his wounds. Seriously, is that excellent service or what??I tried the know poblano burger (grilled spicy onions, manchego, and roasted poblanos) which was absolutely mindblowing. The burger was cooked perfectly, the flavors were unique and punchy, and I finished the whole damn thing despite being full 1/3 of the way in.And on that note, if you're debating if you're hungry enough to get the 10oz vs the 5oz....seriously, don't be a pansy, get the 10oz.
4	This place is great! Decided to go here on a whim when family was in town and was not disappointed. I had the "Hangover Burger" (the one with the fried egg) and it was delicious. Had the sweet potato tater tots as well and couldn't stop eating them! Great atmosphere and fun environment for all ages. Even if you don't like burgers, there's something for everyone. The kids got quesadillas and enjoyed them as well. The Long Island iced teas were spot on, and our waitress Kaye was super attentive and friendly. Her hair flip wasn't too bad either.  I will definitely be coming back here and can only hope they expand to chandler and tempe as well. My one recommendation would be to put the Long Island iced teas in the bigger water glasses. Ha ha. But seriously, check this place out!
3	Solid food with trendy vibe.  Great burger, average fries and good people watching in a convenient location.
5	Visited again and again.Rehab Burger is my favorite. Had the PB&J burger and as weird as it sounds... It is perfect. The sweet and savory complimented each other perfectly. I also tried for pesto sauce for my tots and it was amazing. Another plea... Sell your sauces by the bottle! I'll be your number one customer.
5	Ahhhh, the burger craze. New burger joints seem to be popping up on every corner and at some point the beef frenzy will subside and we'll be left with empty restaurants. However, I think Rehab has staying power that would even keep Linsey Lohan here!  The patty and condiment combinations aren't that unique but the ingredients are fresh and the sauces are good enough to eat with a spoon. In fact, I really think it is the sauces that make the burgers here. I ordered a classic cheddar cheese burger which I know sounds boring but it was a great choice as it highlighted the yumminess of the chipotle aioli sauce. As many other reviewers have said, the "sweet poTOTatos" (sweet potato tater tots) are good but for me, it was once again the sauce, this time the pineapple teriyaki that made the dish.This rehab center has patio seating complete with a zillion umbrellas, fans and misters. But vampires need not worry, as there is a great interior too that is dim and cool. Also, despite being a super casual place, the bathrooms were neat and nice.
4	Beer selection just ok, but the burgers are worth stopping for. Waitress was a bit slow, but food was worth it.
5	Love this place!!I'm gluten free, so I love that they offer gluten free buns, and lettuce wraps for all burgers and sandwiches! They're sweet potato tots are sooo good!! And all of their dipping sauces have been amazing so far! The pineapple aioli is to die for!!I've yet to taste anything I didn't like! The staff is very friendly, and you hear several "byes" and "have a great days" upon leaving - even when it's busy!! Awesome place!!
5	Beachy feel to this place!Just off of Scottsdale ave, without that Scottsdale feel...thankfully.  Anywhoooo...great beer selection and...they have corona-ritas! HOLLER!Ok...for the burger.  I got the Hangover Burger.  Green chile (could have been hotter), Bacon (OH THE BACON!), EGG..yeah...an egg!  This thing was delicious!  Onion rings...kinda felt like I needed a crane..these things were HUGE!  The burger had a great flavor and cooked perfectly medium.  Just how I like it.  My bff got the PBJ burger.  Peanut butter, jelly, sriracha...yeah I know right? But damn that thing was good.  Very much like that one dog at Short Leash!  Try it...you'll see!
4	my only problem with the place is the Margarita's were way over priced and should be in a Margarita glass not a tall soda glass bartending 101 the food and service was perfect
5	I feel awful that it took me this long to update my review, I'm sorry Wiley! Rehab Burger is now one of my favorite spots to grab a great burger, and a cold beer! The staff is always nice and funny, the music makes you feel like you're on the beach in Cali, and the food.... Well the food is awesome! I love the Mac Gnarly burger as well as the PB&J burger! Check it out, you won't be disappointed! Oh, be sure to start out with the Pig Wings!!
3	Pretty good, would have given it more than 3 stars if they had fresh SEASONED turkey burger patties.  Their patties were from a pre - packaged store, like Costco ' freezer section...I could do that bland at home. I had the Hatch Chile Turkey Cheeseburger (I don't do pork or beef) and it was good; the toppings and the pretzel bun put the bland formed turkey patty to shame. My sister had the Know Poblano Burger (turkey too), she liked it and LOVED the pretzel bun. O'rings were good and so were the fries; better than most.  I was a bit disappointed because of the use of pre-formed turkey patties because it didn't really appear that they seasoned the patty and they charged extra for the choice of turkey. I understand it's a burger place, I know their speciality is beef...but pre - formed turkey patties...meh!  I will say, the other diners looked like they were enjoying their chow.  Don't know if I will go back, unless they figure the turkey patty thing but I will say...looking at the other diners eating their beef, they looked pretty happy. So...you eat beef...go! Turkey....just don't be shocked about the bland pre-formed patty...BYOSpices! Tip: Get the Pretzel Bun...it is nice and light...D-licious!
5	Have a Backyard BBQ and a couple Coronas!Not too much, not too little!Great place!  Loved the decor!  Great service!  Really reasonably priced, too! I will definitely come back!
3	Excellent burgers are the standout attraction for Rehab.PROS: the best thing about the burgers was the quality beef--very tasty and just the right balance of lean/fat to make for an excellent flavor. Brioche bun was fresh and lightly toasted. Service was friendly and efficient.CONS: for me, a good burger must be complimented w/ good french fries.  Regrettably, the spuds came to the table barely warm, and they sure didn't improve as the meal progressed. This cost a star from my rating . . . Side salad came to the table looking like it had been stacked under 5 other similar plates when it was pre-made several hours before. The cheese and croutons didn't help hide the "pressed" salad, nor did they inspire the bland taste.I'd definitely return to Rehab . . . the burgers are worth it. However, I'll be sure to ask for fresh and hot fries . . . Cheers!RS
4	Went here yesterday with my boyfriend and had a great experience. The decor is cute and beachy. Our server was great and really quick, I wish I caught his name. I tried to use the yelp coupon for chips but he suggested we save it as it was already happy hour and chips were the same price! My boyfriend got a backyard Hawaiian BBQ something or the other and cleaned his plate, I got a basic bacon cheeseburger, you can't really go wrong, and they certainly didn't. Overall good food, service, atmosphere, and the sweet potato tots were great too :)
3	Food was good, ambiance was an annoyingly overdone beach theme. (I admit I'm probably not their target demographic.) I had the Hatch Chili Cheeseburger with onion rings. It was good, and the onion rings were decent, too. They served the burger with their spicy ketchup (decent), their barbecue sauce (weak and thin), and their smoky aioli (really good). I was disappointed that they only had two local-ish beers on tap and the one I had (the Four Peaks Eighth Avenue) was not very fresh. Service was decent. I probably won't go back as there are too many other better places to eat in Scottsdale that aren't as aggressive with their decor theming, overly loud music, and multiple television screens blaring from every wall. I liked the food but hated the ambiance.
4	Sat outside tonight. We were seated quickly but it took awhile to get our drinks. We got guacamole on the special menu for cinco De mayo and it was excellent. I had the bacon cheeseburger with a pretzel bun. The chipotle ranch tasted great with the fries. My sister had the portobello  burger with sweet potato tots and loved it! The food and atmosphere were great. Service was slow but still a solid 4 stars!
4	My mom and I visited Rehab during a recent trip to the area for spring training. It was crowded, and there was a wait, but they were extremely accurate with their estimate, and we were able to walk around Old Town a little bit before we were seated.Our server was wonderful - that perfect combination of chatty and unobtrusive, helpful and not annoying.We started with chips and salsa as something to snack on, and they were good. I loved that there were two sizes of burgers to account for all appetites. I ended up having the chili cheeseburger with fries. It was actually not so messy that I couldn't pick it up and eat it on the bun - a rare feat for a chili cheeseburger.The beer was cold, the food was good, and despite the crowd, we never felt hurried or neglected. Rehab is definitely worth a revisit the next time I'm in the area.
4	Burger quality is great and these things are massive. I ordered a 5oz but was brought, and charged for, a 10oz.  If you have a normal-person appetite, split the 10oz with someone for a reasonably priced meal.  The fries were pretty awful though. They should be hot and crispy; these were not. Sweet potato tots also seemed like they had been sitting out for a while. I like my tots with extra crunch. The beach setting was a bit forced and over-the-top...cmon you're sitting in the middle of the desert! Put some good games on the screens instead of electronic fish swimming around.
5	Came here in hopes of finding a gluten-free burger I could actually eat after being diagnosed with Celiac disease...and was pleasantly surprised! Not only was there a GF burger on their menu, but it was delicious! We had awesome service, and left completely content (and FULL)! Will definitely be visiting again soon.
4	This place made me feel like I was in a surf shack joint in Hawaii. It was a really fun laid-back, casual restaurant.My burger was great and those sweet potato tots with the sweet pineapple sauce were the best!
5	Yummy one of the best burgers in town especially the poblano burger! Watch out the burger patties are almost probably a full Pound and gigantic
5	I'm addicted to their burgers and sweet potato tots! Their medium wings are delicious!David is our favorite server!
5	Correction, they now have hot wings that will burn your face off (if that's your intent).  Thanks for hearing me guys.  Love them!
5	Had the pbj burger! It was so good glad I took the chance and tried something daring!
5	My husband took me here for Mother's Day lunch. I have to say we almost left because of how it looked but stayed because of the reviews and DO NOT regret it at all. This place has the BEST burger I have ever tried. We had the chili fries, the chips and dip(don't remember the name), the chili cheese fries and the PBJ & bacon burger and OMG everything was perfect! I totally recommend this place!
5	I'm not too easily impressed by burger pubs, but this place was really fantastic. My grilled chicken sandwich was exceptionally delicious, the sweet potato tots in honey mustard aioli were great, the server was helpful and funny, and the atmosphere is chill with cool decor and great music that isn't too loud. Highly recommend!
5	Love this place! Fantastic burgers! Great service! Dog friendly to boot! More detailed review to follow.
5	The PBJ and bacon burger is by far the best burger I have ever had. Sounds weird but worth the try for sure. Great prices and great service too.
5	PB&J burger all day.  Peanut butter, Sriracha & grape jelly.  It tastes like a spicy sweet bbq burger.  You will not regret it.  We moved to Scottsdale 3 months ago and have already visited multiple times and will continue to do so!
5	I LOVED Rehab. Came here after an Angel game during Spring Training and it wasn't busy at all. Our server was on point and friendly, and the food came out fast. I had the PBJ & Bacon burger (no sriracha for me) and loved every single bite. I got the sweet potato tots too, and they were amazing. This is the perfect place to watch a game, get a drink, and eat a big juicy burger. I will definitely be back next time I'm in AZ.
5	Most flavorful burgers. If you like sweet potatoes, try the tots and ask to try all the sauces. I'm a Chipotle aioli kind of guy.
3	Have eaten here a few times before & was very satisfied...UNTIL THIS VISIT service a little slow had to wait 30 mins. for our burgers which tasted OK but were very much on the small side..we ordered the relapse which is smaller size offered but both of them were about the size patty you would get from Micky Dees so for $9 All I got was a $3 burger. I may have to rethink this visit before we go back again. Because we really like the place. Great people but not burgers on this visit.
5	Great bar & fun atmosphere! We shared the porkster burger which was awesome. Good thing we shared it. I couldn't have eaten it by myself. So many more things we want to try. Can't wait to have friends come to town and take them here.
5	I went here for the first time yesterday, and it was the best experience I've ever had in Scottsdale.  The bartender was very friendly, energetic and passionate, the food was out of this world, I had the BBQ burger on a pretzel roll with fries.  The BBQ sauce was spicier than I expected for a "house bbq sauce", they really went on a limb for that, I enjoy spicy foods so this was a welcomed surprise for me.  I had the smaller of the two burgers, which was huge!  I will be back anytime I'm in Scottsdale, I will send anyone who asks "where should I go in Scottsdale?" there.  Needless to say, I was impressed.
5	Astounding burgers. Never had anything like it anywhere else. We are from New York, and this was worth coming out to Arizona for.
5	One of the best burger joint in town , the quality of the patties is top notch . Get the poblano burger !
5	Whenever I visit Scottsdale this is where I go. Great burgers and the best wings ever. Hoping to be back in June. Great atmosphere and service and prices are not bad. Cold beer as well which is always a Plus in Arizona.
5	Rehab is awesome. What can I say that hasn't been said? It's all true. I love pretzel buns and the PBnJ burger will surprise you, it's actually damn good!
3	A little island feel in Phoenix.  Enjoyed the background music mix of Sublime, Bob Marley, etc.  If you want quantity in a burger, then this is the place.  I had a mushroom and swiss with an added fried egg.  It was pretty tasty.  We also ordered the peanut and butter and jelly burger.  Different and unique with a crazy burst of sweet and savory in each bite.  The sweet potato tater tots were pretty amazing though.  The service was excellent.  I just with they had more variety in their draft beer.  I feel in this type of place should have an extensive list of beers on tap.
1	1) service was mediocre. 2) I did not receive my meal, the owner, not the waiter, had to come and tell me that they didn't have what I ordered after an hour of waiting. 3) the owner didn't actually make up for anything and said that he was "sorry" 4) I left hungry and the original waiter never came back to the table after the food was brought because he knew that he had screwed our table over.
5	This is one of my favorite places to not only eat, but to hang out. It has such a great atmosphere to hang out with friends. Their PBnJ burger is one of my favorites. The staff there is always friendly. Our last server was Kaye who is the depiction of a great server.
5	We love going to this place.  The burgers are phenomenal. If you can't be in a surf shack on the beach listening to Caribbean tunes, this is a great alternative.
5	OH MY GOD!!!! This place is amazing!!!I will admit I was skeptical at first. I went on the recommendation of a few friends and when we got there the feel of the place was very laid back and more like a beach atmosphere than I would have expected from a place with part of the name being "Rehab".The menu is very large and the options are plentiful for any palette. Secret... they have an amazing soup that is not on the menu. It is a bit spicy and the ingredients are very non-traditional but it is something you will crave after you have tried it once. I won't tell you the ingredients here... you will have to discover it for yourself!Oh yeah... did I mention they have awesome sweet potato tots? Those are great with the soup and pair well with any of their burgers too!Swing on by and try it sometime.. I have been known to show up after a good swim on a Thursday night... maybe I will see you in there! Cheers
3	I really liked my burger.  Good quality.  My husband got the larger "rehab" size patty while I got the smaller "relapse" burger.  His burger seemed a little bit too large and was extremely messy.   Since my burger was also a good size + a lot easer to eat I was glad I went with the smaller option.Call me a stickler, but I was really bothered by the fact that some of the employees were wearing flip-flops and other open toed shoes in the kitchen.  I know that laid-back beach style is sort of a thing here....but really?  What other gross health code violations are going on back there?All in all I liked the place, I like the food, but I can't make myself go back in light of that one little thing (inappropriate footwear) especially when I can find many other burger places to get a good burger.
1	When we decided to try someplace new for what was said to be a great burger I was excited. I was still excited after we ordered even though there seemed to be no working air conditioning and the door was open on a night it was 105 degrees  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger Plain. Medium well with fries. My waitress reiterated the fact that I wanted it plain -and I figured we were good. Easy right ? Apparently not as my burger came out loaded accompanied by fries and tots. One of my biggest pet peeves is bad service and messed up food-I waited tables I know what goes into it -the good and the bad. However the fact that even after my confirmation of plain my waitress still brought the wrong thing then took it in the back and scraped off the part that was wrong and used her hands-I watched-to get my fries. No hand washing nothing and immediately was grossed out. It is not sanitary to touch a bunch of tables old food etc then dip your hands in for new fries.  To top it off the burger still had all the "stuff" clinging to it at parts and was undercooked.  The onlyGood part about the meal was the beer. I'm pretty sure that in a town where good burgers are on any corner you should A) get people's orders right and B) when you screw them up fix them the right way. Big Fail Rehab burger
5	Well... I've been here a few times and have to write a review.  This place is amazing.  Somehow it seems to get better every time I go.  First couple times I just had like a Hang Over Burger and it was darn good and a little unique with the chilis.  Then I had a BBQ Burger.  Hard competition because ya know, everyone has one on their menu, but I was impressed with their own BBQ and of course, the pretzel bun.  Then I tried the PB&J Burger on a whim.  OMG.  Fricken Amazing.  I mean like amazing enough that I will crave it and have to go for it.  All their sides and tots are great and then I tried the Jamaican corn.  Also amazing and totally unique.  So good I went again last night and totally went PB&J w/ corn.  I had to go back though because I was in NYC and someone who travels to Scottsdale says, oh have you heard of Rehab...  YEAH I HAVE.  Tells me to try the Medium/Gold chicken wings.  So that happened.  Cooked perfectly, sauce was spicy and mustardy and delicious.  Off the charts.  Someone else got the pig wings where were also great.  I'm thinking they ought to put that medium/gold sauce on some pig wings or pulled pork too, it would be great.  At this point, it's going to be hard for me to be in the area and go somewhere else.  Also, I should add that every time I've been the crowd has been good and the service is always great and the people are very friendly.
4	A good burger is hard to find - Flannery O'ConnorOkay, O'Connor didn't say this. . . but if she had Rehab Burger then I am pretty sure literature would be a bit different.A co-worker and I decided to give Rehab a try after I read a few reviews. One thing about me: burgers are something I crave, not necessarily a frequent on my to-eat list.My friend ordered the Porkster and I ordered the Hangover.    1)  Each burger patty was seasoned to perfection.     2)  The chef understood what a medium burger should be and it was perfect    3)  The Porkster was great if you really enjoy meats. To be honest, I could have had            the pulled pork alone. The burger patty was just more awesome under a bun     4) The Hangover was devoured by my co-worker (we split our burger in halves and             shared) but I felt like something was missing. I would have preferred to have                some sort of spicy...something on it . . .or a bit more cheese. Next time, I'll think              about the sauces they provide and request something different.       5) Order the sweet potato fries and make sure they give this white sauce to dip           'em. I am pretty sure that sauce is made from love and a dash of Heaven.We arrived before the restaurant started pouring in with customers (around noon) so if you're wanting a quick in and out lunch, I am not so sure this is the place.All around you get what you pay for. I couldn't finish half of my Rehab burger and had a lot of Tots left over. Go there and expect to be satisfied!
5	Holy Schnikees this place ROCKS!!! The burgers are a dream, the atmosphere was fun and they have a great beer selection. The manager checked in and made sure we had a good time. Servings, sauces and selection give this 5 stars! Solid!!!
5	This place is freaking legit! I had the porkster burger on a pretzel bun with sweet potato tater tots and spicy pineapple bbq dip and my partner in crime had the pb&j and bacon burger and both were out of world. Now  I see what the hype is about. Also, the service was great. I would highly recommend it to anyone eating out in old town.
5	Great food very juicy burgers everyone just loved them and can't wait to come back for more
5	Very cute place. Not large by any means. We got there at 5pm and it was already pretty filled. There was a variety of people from seniors, to college age kids and families with kids. The burgers are AMAZING! (And beautiful to look at, lol.) Did you check out the photos? I had the onion rings as my side and I loved them. My friends and I were extremely happy to find this place and will be back. They have a small outdoor patio for seating as well, and a public parking lot next door which is convenient.
4	I went there the first time with two of my friends who had previous been.  The environment is very laid back, with serves in jean shorts and boat shoes.  The place itself isn't very big, and there's outside seating available, but we sat inside.  Despite the waitress not looking old enough to drink, she gave me a good recommendation to go with my turkey burger and sweet potato tots.  The burger itself was perfectly done and delicious, but not knock out amazing.  My friend has the PB&J burger, which, if I go back, I think I'm going to indulge in.The onion rings are HUGE and perfectly done and the side sauces are pretty inspired.  Definitely stop by if you're in the area and craving a burger.
5	Excellent food.  One of the best burgers I've ever had.  Staff was overly nice, clean restaurant, and nice environment
5	Not knowing what to expect, we entered this run-down looking joint after free parking in the Parking Corral next door.  What a surprise!  Thanks to the flat screen TVs giving us views of tropical aquarirums, surfing movies, bicycles suspended from the ceiling and surfboard memorabilia everywhere, we felt like we were at a beach hut!  The platters of delicious burgers coming out of the kitchen predicted a burger phenomenon!  Our server, David, was very laid back and made some excellent recommendations for us, so we split one of our favorites, wedge salad (dressing was especially tart and savory,) and each ordered a "Relapse" (single) burger.  My wife went for the poblano burger, cooked medium as David recommended, with a grilled poblano with provelone cheese and spicy mustard and spicy catsup, on brioche.  I went for the hangover relapse, which included a fried egg, provolone, bacon and spicy catsup to dress it, also on David's recommended brioche bun.  We drooled as we ate they were both so tasty!  For a side item we both selected the Jamaican corn on the cob, a full cob grilled with island spices and wonderful.  Top this off with two happy hour beers each, the local Four Peaks 8th Street draft pints, and this was a perfect meal and we were seated immediately (kitchen was a little slow,) but got our bill and got to the theatre two blocks away with time to spare.  Can't wait to go back and try another taste sensation!
5	The best burger I've had. They buy there meat daily from a local butcher which means it's never frozen. I had the blue cheese and bacon burger on a pretzel bun cooked rare. Also the customer service was great. They were fast and very friendly. I will definitely be back!
5	Just so freaking good. The peanut butter jelly burger absolutely took me by surprise but holy cow (haha, get it?) it was phenomenal.
4	Consistently great food and service.  I enjoyed a wedge salad with a bbq burger and it was really delicious.  Awesome stuff!!
3	Little joint with Hawaiian decor, good music, and stiff margaritas. We had great service and the sweet potato tots were good. Burgers and fries were fine, but peppery.
5	I'm so sorry that I'm just having Rehab two days before I'm leaving to go back to Los Angeles. I got the pbj and bacon burger, I was feeling adventurous and I'm glad I was, my burger was amazing. The peanut butter, jelly, sriracha and bacon are an epic combination. The sweet potato tots were so tasty, I could have eaten an entire plate of them especially with the pineapple teryaki aioli. I might just have to eat there for lunch tomorrow before I leave.
5	We eat here at least once a month. I have yet to have something I don't love and the wait staff is like family. Their Sunday surprise burgers are always amazing and fun.  Simply the best Burger and food you could ask for.
5	I'm new to Phoenix, coming from Southern Cal. I was looking for good places in Scottsdale. Went here yesterday, it was great! My husband and I shared a burger and it was huge! We did the build your own burger, we did a hamburger with portabella mushroom and avocado, it was delish. The cook added more mushrooms cooked in a wine sauce I believe. It was very good! Next time I'm in Scottsdale I'm going here. Oh and the staff is great and so is the atmosphere
5	One of the best burgers in downtown Scottsdale.  Hangover is a must. Enjoyed the music, misters and service. If you're not in the mood for a burger try the taco trio with fish, pork and chicken. The spices they use make you thirsty for a beer or two. Can't wait to go back.
5	I've driven past this place a number of times.  This evening my wife and I decided not to drive past.  Glad we did.  I have the Hawaiian Burger with Jamaican corn.  Fries are usually pretty hard to beat but the corn was a stunning surprise.   Wow.  And the burger?  Couldn't put it down.  Definitely a new favorite to add to the rotation.
5	First place we ate lunch the day we moved to town. Hot day but the place was cool and Hiphawaiian.  Cold Beers hit the spot while trying to decide on a burger as there are so many interesting and temping things on the menu..  We got the smaller size each and skinny fries and Tots.  The small burgers are really big and quite a mouth stretcher but oh boy are they tasty and cooked to perfection.  Exactly Medium!  Good Skinny Fries which are great with the many dipping sauces offered.  The Tots are popular but a little too sweet for us. Love that they use local beef and Fresh never frozen.   Overall a great experience and my fav local burger.  Got to try the PB&J one at some point.
5	What can be said that hasn't already been said? Great food, fun environment, good service - there really wasn't anything bad about it. We had a hot dog, a plain ol' cheeseburger and a hatch burger  - all if which were delish. The fries have a unique salty/spicy flavoring that drew me in and I couldn't stop eating them. Also tried the sweet potato tots and the chips and salsa. The chips and salsa was some of the best we've had in Scottsdale, hands down! The tots were a fav with our kiddos. Our daughter told the waiter she was giving this place "21 stars" -- We will definitely be back!!
5	Best burger in phoenix! Love the atmosphere, service, and people too. Laid back scottsdale burger joint/bar. I had the poblano rehab burger and cajun corn. Went the extra mile to give us refill cups to go. A place that many professional locals go to lunch and will be back for happy hour!!
5	This is now my go to spot in Old Town! Came in for the first time today and was alone and in a hurry... Well I sat down and ordered my drink planning on just staying long enough to eat and run.. Then one server sitting down the bar from me was making jewelry, Robin. She was so nice and friendly so we meet and she gave me 2 bracelets made while I was waiting on my food and had an awesome belt she made that I bought right there!! Be sure and ask for her if you like cool and vintage inspired accessories;) she's awesome! So after I meet her I am introduced to almost everyone working tonight, which I think is really cool and makes the visit much more fun;). I met Jon, who was so nice and welcoming also, I believe he is either the owner or manager, and my server was a super cool chick named Chi Chi I believe, at least that's what my recipt said!! She helped me choose what to order and I got the Relapse or smaller version of the build your own burger with sweet potato tots!;) AMAZING! One of the best burgers I've ever had, not too big, perfect for me and those who like a thinner, smaller burger! You can get big ones too! That's the awesome thing about this place, each and every sandwich can be made as the smaller version for us light eaters or huge for those wanting more! Great idea! I hate it when I get a huge thick burger and it's falling off the bun and just feels like trying to eat a brick... Not here! You choose between 3 buns, pretzel, wheat, and I believe brioche.... Wheat was perfection! I loved the peach margarita that my bar tender made, and we talked a bit and later she brings me a glass of what looks like a milkshake with whipped cream on top and says to try this and tell her if I like it... I was a little nervous because that can either go really wrong or really right, but it was great and sweet of her to bring me free desert;). It turned out to be a Fireball milkshake!!! I hate Fireball but this was really good! It was really nice to meet so many of the staff, and they were so nice and said I need to be a regular since I live walking distance away:) I think I will do just that! My favorite place in Scottsdale for sure so far!!
3	Well i wish i didn't sit next to the guy who worked here during the world Cup soccer game. He might have spilled too much information, but it was enough to lower the ratings. Even though the sides are all looking good, they are all frozen, including those well built onion rings. The burgers may be fresh as he said they get them daily from "a place down the street", but they don't grind the meat daily or in-house. Not sure what goes on down the street. The sauces are still good, but now I'm not sure if they are made in-house either. Most people won't care about all these details, but if your looking for a top of line burger and fries experience, this situation will not be the answer. The happy hour does run from 11am to 6pm and the drink specials for domestics are good at $2.50, but maybe some of that frozen food needs some rehabbing or they need bigger digs to churn out a top notch experience. Also, please invest in some real lettuce - the stuff that came out on top of the burger looked like green confetti.
5	Absolutely love ALL the burgers at Rehab and the wait staff, management and owners I've encountered on my numerous visits have been awesome!
4	We had a wonderful dinner! The Cobb salad was fantastic. My youngest and her friend had the pbj with fries. My oldest had the alfredo. A friend of my oldest had the bacon cheeseburger. All 4 kids had chocolate shakes. We were all very impressed with the food, service, and ambience.
4	Went on a Thursday at lunch. Place was busy and it's not that big. Service started out a little slow, but our waiter fixed that by the end of the meal. The Chili con Fritos was a good start. All the burgers were good and the hot dog my daughter got was the best hot dog my wife had ever tasted. Overall a good place to go and get adventurous with your burger.
4	The BYOB burger (build your own) was awesome not to mention HUGE!  There are 2 size options, the relapse and the rehab (can't remember which one is bigger) but my girlfriend and I got the bigger one and shared it.  We were both full and walked out with a $14 lunch tab, not bad.  Can't remember our server's name but he was a guy with a short beard who was great.  Positive vibes throughout this place.
5	Cool atmosphere, thick/juicy/tastey burger, delicious sweet potato tots, and my bartender/server/possibly-owner ended up being a pretty nice fella who supports both Uber and Lyft (a wise choice since many people leave here intoxicated). Rehab definitely has a San Diego, beachy vibe, reminiscent of Hodads. I'll return to try another of their wide array of burgers for sure.
4	Brought friends from out of town. Chips and salsa were great! Chips seemed to be homemade. Burger was HUGE! My wife and I shared, it was AWESOME! Parking can be nuts, and it's a small joint.
4	The sweet potato tots were amazing! All the different sauces they have are really good too. The burger was good but nothing too special I've definitely had better being from Chicago. I'd go back again to try different burgers though, I had the hangover.
5	I went out with some friends and most of us had burgers, but all of us had fun!Even though the night we went there was a big group of people having fun too and it was a little loud at times, we were still taken care of. I saw all ages there.Burgers are GOOD and could SHARE, but why would you want to??David our server was absolutely great, especially for us newbies to Rehab.I had the BBQ burger with wheat bun, another had the Mushroom with pretzel bun. The "outlier" had fish tacos, which to them were just okay. I prefer the wheat and it was great but I did try the pretzel bun and it was good.  Everyone LOVED LOVED LOVED the sweet potato tater tots!!! I was quite full after eating just the burger.One tip I have to share is there are 2 types of burges, the regular sized rehab and the smaller "relapse". The bun comes in one size (the big rehab size) so the relapse can look kinda odd being small on a huge bun.Parking is, I agree, kinda weird, but you still gotta go here!All in all, the burgers, atmosphere and busy yet attentive waitstaff are worth it. I would definitely go back!
3	The service was very very slow. The waitresses and hostesses were dressed very young and not very professional. (I get this is a chill restaurant with a chill vibe, but when the employees look like they just left the gym with tight spandex leggings, form-fitting tank tops, and messy buns, I couldn't tell who worked there and who was dining there). However, the sweet potato tots were TO DIE FOR (I found myself craving them weeks later) and the burger was really good. I will definitely be back to try the PBJ & Bacon Burger that everyone has raved about, but the slow service could absolutely use some improvement.
5	Awesome chips and salsa, although the yelp 'deal' is only one dollar off or regular happy hour price...but I guess when food is as bomb as it is at this place they don't need to offer a great deal to get people in here. Due to the overwhelmingly fantastic reviews of the PB&J bacon burger, I gave it a (apprehensive) try. The reviews were definitely accurate. It was delish!! A little sweet/salty kinda deal...really great! Fun place to watch a game too!
5	Super friendly staff and I loved the laid back atmosphere. Right when I walked in it was packed but I was offered a drink and it ended up only being a 5 minute wait.I got the bacon burger which was pretty satisfying and not overcooked. My girlfriend got the PB&J burger with bacon. She said it was definitely different but she did enjoy the burger. Just be careful because it is VERY messy. Also I got the normal side of fries which were excellent. Andrea was our waitress and she was SUPER friendly and helpful as this has been our first time there. I am a big burger guy and I wasn't disappointed. Also reminded me of being at San Diego which I had just came from which was awesome. Beachish atmosphere with super relaxed music. Honestly no complaints here!
5	Ridiculously good burger, added the Chipoltle aioli sauce. Should have ordered the 5oz and not the 10oz as it was massive. nice bar atmosphere, can't go wrong here.
5	The service is friendly and "chill". Love the vibe of the place! Upbeat and loud. Great for a lunch with friends. The burgers are simply ginormous. I've never had such a large burger, and I got the smaller size (relapse). Unfortunately, I wasn't super hungry when I was here so I ended up eating only half my burger. It was delicious, though. There is a great selection of sauces for your fries or tots!
5	The best! Food was excellent, salad so fresh and crisp. The burger was cooked perfectly. Can't say enough about the food. Now the waitress...Cheryl is the BEST waitress we have ever had. When you look up "waitress" in the dictionary you'll see Cheryl's photo! She brought extra dips, her suggestion, they were perfect. She NEVER let our beverages get any lower than 1/3 down, WOW! Never had to ask for anything, she kept right on top of everything. The atmosphere was so fun, back to Jimmy Buffett! We have found a new regular burger joint! If you are brave you can sit outside under the misters. We can't say enough you MUST go.
5	The pbj burger with the pretzel bun it is to die for and great atmosphere and owners are awesome as well stop in for great drinks great friends and good times
4	Burgers were absolutely delish and were definitely worth 5 stars, but unorganized service caused me to take away 1 star. The place has a very casual, beachy look and feel to it, quite nice! There are two choices in sizes for the burgers 1: the Rehab which is 10 oz of angus beef. 2: the Relapse which is 5 oz of angus beef. But for only a couple dollars more, my husband and I decided to go "Rahab" for our burgers and take home leftovers. Well when our burgers came, mine was noticeably smaller than his and I asked the waitress. She said yes that what I received was a "relapse" and that she would go check the computer to see what size I had ordered even though I told her  .  I had ordered the "rehab". When she came back, she said that the smaller size was what was written down but that she will go and have them make me a Rehab. That was fine with me, I don't usually get upset easily. But she took away the wrong size burger so I was left staring at my husband eating his gigantic chile cheeseburger and nibbled on his yummy tater tots and my onion rings that came with the burgers. 15 minutes go by and another waiter comes by and asks if we would like boxes to take home leftovers! I told him that I have not received my burger yet due to a miscommunication. He apologized and said that he would bring my burger out as soon as he sees that it's ready. 10 more minutes go by and I my burger comes out, but by then I was not hungry anymore and my husband was done eating. So I took a bite just to taste it and to appreciate the freshness. It was so delicious!  Then our waitress came by and I asked for a box. She took a look at my almost untouched burger and actually said "Stuffed huh?" I just smiled cause it was actually quite funny how she didn't even acknowledge that my appetite and dinner were kind of ruined because of her mistake. I understand that that mistake easily happened because the place was packed and the music was loud and that "Rahab and Ralapse" can sound the same. I just wished they had tried a bit harder to make up for the mistake. Perhaps they could have left me the first burger to eat at the same time as my husband and let me take home the one I ordered? Or maybe discount my check? Idk...but we did think the burgers, tots, and onion rings were delicious and the prices are great.
4	One of the best burgers in the Phoenix area. I had never eaten a pretzel bun burger unitl I ate here - loved it!
5	Seriously,anything on this menu will leave your mouth watering BUT my personal fave is the hangover on a pretzel bun!! Yuuuummmmyyyyy! :)
5	Definitely a new favorite! I had the poblano burger and it was so good! My husband had the Mac Gnarly burger and even though it took some technique to eat the monster size double patty burger, he really enjoyed it. Service was great! Our server was very nice and took care of us well. Happy hour is daily until 6pmDefinitely going back!
4	Service was very prompt tonight & food very good.. Excellent drinks..menu is large with many choices..different size burgers available is always a plus
2	We arrived at rehab burger on a Sunday afternoon in late July- thought it would be not be crowded, but pretty much every table was taken.  We got seated right away, and the waitress came over pretty quickly.  We asked for water and some time to kook at the menu.  Took a few minutes, but got the water.  My husband ordered the hatch chile medium well with fries and I ordered the byob with mustard and pickles and onion ringsI ordered a glass of wine and my husband ordered a beer.  After a long time -10 minutes or so the waitress came back with a beer and a mixed drink- said no that's not mine and she asked could I repeat my drink order.  I did and about 5 minutes later it arrived.  And then we waited, and waited and waited.  Finally the food arrived.  Hatch burger medium RARE (not well) with sweet potato tots not regular fries.  No ketchup; aioli instead.  My hamburger arrived with lettuce, tomato, onion, mushroom and pickles, no mustard in sight.  I took it all off and asked the hostess for mustard - which she delivered quickly.  I was also given fries instead of onion rings because according to the waitress they were "still in the fryer," and would come out later.  By the time the rings came out I was full and didn't want them.  We then asked the waitress to change our tab due to the problems and she said she would send the manager over.  Well she didn't and we had to ask the hostess to send the manager over.  The manager came over quickly (guess the waitress didn't tell her) and was very sympathetic and accommodating.  She comped the whole bill, even though we were willing to pay for drinks and things that had gone ok.  I think the waitress was the problem here, not the food or the management, but it was hard to know since we didn't eat much.
5	"H-hey, man. Cou'I cop a bite of that? Nah, nah I ain't fiendin'! I mean, y-you know I got you next time..."You tell yourself, "I could stop any time I wanted to." But you don't. You don't want to stop.And this is how it starts.You KNOW most people get just a cheeseburger OR a BBQ pulled pork sandwich, but you had to go and mix them, and now you can't go back. The interaction of ChB and B2Q coursing through your veins gives you the kind of rush that keeps you up at night. Your friends don't understand, but how could they?"Just one more porkster burger... people do it all the time, right?" Once you've inevitably built up a tolerance to the BBQ pork-topped cheeseburger, and you're jonesin' for more, Rehab is there. You can start doing 10 oz. of patty a day instead of 5 oz. like it's nothin'.As you spiral further and further out of control, speedballs of sweet potato tots mixed with BBQ pork, pineapple aoli, pretzel rolls, and brioche buns... the kinda shit you'd only heard about... it's all a part of your daily routine.One day you're a successful young hopeful, the next you're pulling tricks for porksters.Warning: Rehab once, Relapse forever.
4	When I want a big juicy burger, this is the place I go to! They have some tasty calamari to start off the meal and a fabulous selection of burgers to follow. My favorite is the hangover burger, and let me warn you, it gets messy! If you have no fear getting messy whilst eating, then that's the burger for you. Their fries are always crispy and delicious, not to mention they have a great dipping sauce (sriracha sauce!!).
5	Went here with a massive hangover....left feeling great!! The onion rings were legendary.....I ordered the Mac gnarly burger, and it was the size of a human head. Leftovers for dinner! A definite thumbs up!
4	ummmm PBJ & Bacon Burger.... whoever the heck came up with this is a freakin genius!!! if you like pb&j and you like bacon, then you will love this. crazy a$$ flavor combination, but it works. Sweet potato tots are pretty dang good too. i'll be back :)
5	Seriously the best burger in Phoenix. HUGE portions! It's like two meals in one, so well worth the price. Even on their busiest days the service is fast and friendly. It's in a great location in old town, lots of parking!
3	Really disappointed after reading all the wonderful recommendations on YELP.   This hamburger place is overrated.  The burger was ok, the onion rings and french fries were not fully cooked and small size.  We struggled to find our waiter to get our drinks re-filled.  The atmosphere is nice but the seating is not super comfortable.  We would not go back there are too many other great burger places.
5	Best burger in town! The PBJ burger is insane! I love this place, a little pricy..but well worth it! I will be back time and time again!
4	This is a super fun burger joint with great burgers! There is a burger for everyone here. Atmosphere is cool too. Great location and easy parking with great service. I will be returning.
1	The service out of the kitchen is horrible.  We waited 20 minutes for appetizers, and 1 hour for 3 hamburgers.  Really, it's just a burger.  There's no excuse for an hour wait.  The waitress took 20 minutes bringing our drink orders over to the table, and by the time they arrived, the ice was melted, the beers were warm. When someone commented on the wait for the drinks, she made them feel as if it was our fault.  Rude, unprofessional, burgers poorly cooked.  Far too long a wait, and the price too high.  McDonalds would have been a better choice than this poseur of a "hip" restaurant.  If you want to pay too much for a burger, have shitty service, and a lackluster kitchen, by all means, waste your money here.
5	Awesome atmosphere, great food and friendly staff. Perfect combination!  Some of the combos on the burgers will sound odd but trust me they work. Don't substitute and go for it, you'll love it!  My favorite is the PB & J Bacon burger with fried egg on pretzel bun with sweet po tots for my weekly cheat meal.  Pure heaven! Makes eating clean all week worth it.
5	Hands down one of the top 2 burgers I've had IN MY LIFE. Fresh baked bun, well seasoned meat... I had the mushroom and Swiss with grilled onions. Sweet potato tots were awesome. The place was completely packed and we still managed to get a great seat and fantastic service!
3	I first came here over a year ago.  I was super excited about the gluten free buns and the sweet potato tots.  It was delicious.  I've been several times since then and the past couple of times, I have been drastically disappointed.  The burger has been dry and the sweet potato tots have been sgggy and smooshy.  The fries were good, so I switched.   I have recommended this place several times, but I'm hesitant to recommend it now, especially to out of town guests.
1	I don't really understand the hype for this place... I had the Mushroom Swiss burger here and it was literally the worst burger I've ever had in my life. No, that wasn't an exaggeration.It's too bad. A lot of the pictures Yelpers post here made this place's food look pretty good. Unfortunately, my burger was pretty disgusting with a grease-covered bottom bun floating in a pool of even more grease. Everything was made fresh, sure, but nothing was really outstanding here. Flavorless greasy burgers, mushy sweet potato tots, flavorless onion rings, all paired up with questionable sauces "recommended by the chef".Oh, and our server was horrible too. Apparently we weren't interesting enough for her to give decent service to, as she let our food sit in the kitchen for five minutes while she chatted up with people at the bar... Then went right back to ignoring us after she had finally served us. Not all service was bad here, the table right next to us had a server that went back to them about 8 times compared to the 2 times our server wanted to grace us with her presence.In summary: I'm not sure why this place seems to get the most love out of the 100 other burger joints you could hit up off of Scottsdale road, but to people who want something better than below average bar food, pass on this place.
5	Hangover & Porker burger so good !! perfect sweet tater tots Awesome Burgers !!! Burgers are around $10 a plates ....fries included  :)
4	Every time I have eaten here it has been great. From the staff to the food. This is one of my favorite places in oldtown to go unwind with friends
5	Love this place!!! We always get the chili cheese fries and the hangover burger. Amazing flavor on everything!
5	One word "AMAZING".....read a lot reviews and they live up to the hype. I had the hangover with sweet potato tots and it did not disappoint. I will definitely be back to try the PB&J burger. My wife had the Mac and cheese burger with green chili which was a dream burger.
5	Great food. Try everything! Our server, Andrea, was super accommodating & sweet. Our burger wasn't cooked to order and she was quick to fix it and keep us happy while waiting. The misters were a nice touch, great music and just a nice first time experience.
5	This place rocks!  I had a bacon cheeseburger on a pretzel bun with half fries and half sweet potato taters. All were flavorful and super yummy. The burger was amazing with the right balance of cheese and crispy bacon. Try the chipotle spicy aioli. It's wonderful on the burger. Lauren was my server and she was attentive, provided great service and smiled the whole time. It was a great dining experience. It's now my fav burger joint in Scottsdale.
5	The atmosphere is hip and fun. As a native of San Diego, I felt like I was home by the beach! The service was fantastic and the food good. My burger felt a little dry and flavorless but others at my table didn't have that problem so maybe I need to go medium well next time :) Oh, and their fries and ranch dressing are amazing.
5	This is one of the best burgers I have ever had.  The buns are baked fresh daily.  The meat is cooked perfectly.  It was a flawless burger.  The pork quesadilla was also quite good.
5	I recently went on a trip to Scottsdale and hit this place up again.  I can't even say enough about this place it seriously is so good.  Everytime I go to Arizona the family wants to go here.  This time I got the pbj&bacon burger.  I know it may sound gross but it is so good I crave this burger.  My hubby got the Mac Gnarly burger and he absolutely loved it.  My boys got classic bacon cheeseburgers and they were in heaven.  Trust me this place is so so so so amazing!!!!
4	Really good burger! Some can be very big so don't waste your money if you don't think you can handle it. Try the sweet potato tots.
5	Hit the spot on so many levels,  fresh ground chuck and delicious pretzel bun yummmm. Great ambiance, great service.  Really  feel the therapy working. Can't wait to relapse and come back :)Good job.
5	One of our favorite local joints. If you're feeling adventurous, try the PB&J burger, which has peanut butter, jelly, bacon, and sriracha. Sounds kinda scary but trust me -- it's amazing. Great service, cool vibes, awesome food.
2	Overall, less than impressed. Having been to great places in Chicago, NY, ATL, LA, basically everywhere, my expectations are always high. Food was overcooked and dry. Sauces were all over the place and weren't anything special. The one with pineapple was just weird. Highlight of my meal was sweet potato tots. I'm a fan of tots and sweet potatoes. Not sure if they made them in house, but they were good. Beer selection was not focused on quality micros, mostly all main stream junk. Had a Four Peaks that was decent, but that was literally the only microbrew that they carried. Disappointing. Overall, would definitely not be back unless I had no choice. Pick another place. Underwhelmed.
5	This is my 3rd time at Rehab in 1 week. The ambience, staff, food & location all add up to AMAZING!!!I could go on & on about this place, but I will try to sum it up succinctly:If you want a comfy environment, people to interact with that also serve food/drinks, sports on the big screen, a central location, full satisfied stomach/liver...this is your place. Locals & tourists align perfectly. Come here. You'll be back.Big shout out to CW, Kate, Stefi, Robin & the rest of the team.
5	The service was great. Our server Caylee was very pleasant and really knew the menu well. You could really tell she loved her workplace.The food was fantastic. All 3 of my friends were really happy with their food also. I will definitely be coming back soon.Best burger ive had in a long time!
5	I had heard about rehab burger before going but couldn't imagine that a "Burger Place" warranted such rave reviews.  Then i ate there this past Saturday night. OMG cubed!  I had the PBJ with bacon burger.  Forget how it might sound it is to die for scrumptious and worth a trip from anywhere!  It was so good i went back on Sunday and had the burger with corned-beef sauerkraut thousand island dressing and a fried egg on top. And to make my dinning pleasure even sweeter, while i was eating my burger on Sunday i got to watch the cowboys get spanked and see romo throw like a little girl.
4	Burger joint in the heart of Old Town with a surfing theme.I don't eat red meat or pork so I'm always search of a good turkey burger and Rehab did not disappoint.The menu is pretty extensive and offers everything from your basic fries and sweet potato tots to clams to wings to beef burgers to fish and chicken burgers.When I'm starving, my eyes are often bigger than my stomach so I opted for a side salad, half order of buffalo wings, and turkey burger with cheddar on a wheat bun. The salad was made with mixed greens and tasted really good.  I had the wings cooked extra crispy and they came out perfectly.  They were cooked in a buffalo sauce that had really good flavor.  It had little pieces of garlic mixed in the sauce.  So far, these are definitely the best wings I've tasted in Scottsdale.  The turkey burger consisted of a really good size patty that was super juicy (uncharacteristic for turkey burgers).  It was definitely the best turkey burger I've had in Scottsdale.If you are search of a nice, tasty burger joint with a beachy, hipster vibe, then look no further.Definitely check out this place!
4	Only been here once but ambiance was good and staff was very friendly. I got the Mushroom burger with pretzel bread was delicious. Also, get the sweet potato tater tots!!!!!
4	Wow!  Sweet potato tater tots are the bomb!Wow!  Sweet potato tater tots are the bomb!Wow!  Sweet potato tater tots are the bomb!Yes, they deserve three call outs!Bacon and blue burger was big, juicy, tasty and enough to make me want to return again to try more!There are lots of great restaurants within walking distance of this place.  Don't discount it because you think it is just another burger joint.  They offer a whole lot more!
3	First off, they have a tasty burger with a lot of variety and attentive service so please don't think I'm saying their food is not good. Having said that my experience wasn't that great, we left full but the distance, cost, atmosphere was not worth it and I won't go again anytime soon. It was a 30 mile drive each way, jam packed inside so we sat out in the porch area that was actually nice and cool thanks to the misters and fans, I liked all the options and the burgers we had (I had my dates since she was full halfway through) they were good but overall I've had better. The music was too loud, the burgers were at least $3-$5 overpriced and there was a couple there with two pit bulls that every waitress was touching and petting...which I don't think is very professional to touch a strangers dogs then grab peoples food and drinks. If I wanted to eat next to a dog I'd have brought my dates beautiful Collie. Overall, it was something to try and downtown Scottsdale is nearby to have a nice walk to digest a little but I'll stick to my still favorite burger place, Island Burger with their unlimited fries in North Scottsdale. If I lived nearby I'd try them again.PS - The fries were over salted.
5	Got to try the pb&j bacon burger , so good.. I was impressed and have to give them the #1 ranking now and did tuckered goes to #2
4	Service was a little slow but they got the orders spot on. The atmosphere was a little to Scottsdale stuck up for my taste. My actual taste buds were pleased though! Had the Hatch Chili burger with the pretzel bun = perfection! The fries had a chili lime seasoning for a great twist! I will certainly be going back to try the Chill Cheese burger.
5	Fun, relaxing atmosphere, with great crazy tasting burger combinations!
4	I came here today after much anticipation to try it out and boy was I pleased! We first had the chips and salsa. The chips are home-made and seasoned wonderfully and the salsa is chunky and has a small kick to it! Very good. Even though our server asked us to try the PB&J Burger because it is the most requested and loved, it was a bit too out there for me and so I had the Know Poblano Burger with sweet poTOToes and it was delish! The burger was cooked to perfection and the spicy onions on the burger were definitely hot, but they made the burger. The poTOToes are absolutely divine, they are sweet and crunchy and the pineapple sauce our server brought for us to try it with was the perfect accompaniment. My dad had the Hatch Chili Cheeseburger with skin-on fries and he loved it! I did not try his burger so I will not speak on that, but I did have the french fries and they are just how I like them.. skinny, salty, and crunchy! Our server also brought us out chipotle aioli and a spicy ketchup for more dippin' and we absolutely appreciated that! Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed Rehab Burger Therapy and will be returning very soon!
2	Okay well so many people recommended trying this place so it has to be good right? I will say the service was great. I hate to give bad reviews but our server said the best sandwich on the menu was the Pb&J burger. Stepping out of my comfort zone I decided to try it. I have no idea what I was picturing but I thought maybe they had a secret or something? It was literally a hamburger dripping with peanut butter & jelly with bacon. So messy! Every bite I took there was jelly and peanut butter dripping out getting everywhere and all over my hands. The taste was just very strange and didn't seem to work at all, at lease for me. It was Sooo sweet. Hate to say we took 75% of this one home to our dog.( He loved it! Lol) This review is really a review of the PB&J burger nothing else. Maybe we will try again sometimes bc the atmosphere was awesome and reminded us of being on vacation.
5	This place is a great find! A bit off The main strip of Old Town Scottsdale, which makes for a great location, free parking round the back to boot. My boyfriend got the Pescado Barracho and he loved it, his only complaint was that they gave him a lot of fish, so he had some left over, which isn't a real complaint. I was a bit adventurous and got the PBJ Bacon Burger and it was awesome! Great service, great food - we'll definitely be coming back.
5	My husband and I stopped in while in the area and were very pleased with our experience. Our surver Devin was on his game, friendly, quick and responsive. My husband had the PB&J Bacon burger, super messy, loads of peanut butter and delicious! Worth the mess, the Sriracha gives a little heat with the sweet. I had the Hawaiian burger and modified to my preference with a turkey patty.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff. They were busy however our wait was super short. We'll definitely recommend Rehab Burgers to our friends.
5	This place was so good. I had the pbj bacon burger and it was mind blowing hands down the best burger I have ever tasted. There located in the heart of downtown Scottsdale but there prices for the amount and quality of food you get for under$10 I feel like I was ripping them off. I know it sounds weird but if you want to step outside the box and try there most popular burger you have to try the pbj burger.
4	Great tots. Great gluten free bun.
5	Have heard a lot of good things about this place and it did not disappoint. Was very busy for a Sunday afternoon and was told it would be 20 minutes but ended up around 10 minutes. We were seated in a community table, a long table that could sit maybe 20 people. Was not my first choice and then when a group of 12 came and sat by us it became more uncomfortable.  I ordered the Hangover Burger which has egg and bacon on a Pretzel bun and sweet potato tots. The burger was huge and delish,  the tots looked to good to pass up even though I am not a sweet potato person.The service was back and forth,  you would get swarmed one moment and then would not see anyone for a while. Nice patio area but wanted to sit inside, the decor was fun and one that you would see next to the beach. Reminded me a little of Hodads in Ocean Beach,  San Diego. Great place to eat with great burgers.  Will be back again.
4	A solid four stars for this Old Town Scottsdale burger joint.  I went with the Porkster Burger which was basically a pulled pork sandwich with a cheeseburger inside.  5oz of pulled pork piled on top of a hamburger with cheddar cheese and bbq sauce.  Yup.  Damn good.I've eaten at the best bbq joints all over the country and, honestly, the pulled pork sandwich would have been great even without being included as ingredients in a novelty burger.  The sweet potato tots were also pretty tasty.I'll be back.  There were several other burgers I've got my eye on.
4	I have been here twice, both times we sat at the bar.  Both times not stupid busy but busy enough.  Our burgers are always amazing and I love that they have so many other options to choose from for people who do not eat burgers and such (like my vegetarian sister)  So if I were to come I could get my burger as usual and they could have all the time in the world to read up on the rest of the menu.  I like the hangover burger the best because I love eggs especially over easy on my burgers.  Kind of a constant staple for me lately.  I have to go and try their shakes and pot brownies still. so once I try more and the desserts I will add more to this review. But if you are looking for a great burger spot in Scottsdale this is my first choice for this city!As far as service goes, nothing worth raving about but its never horrible. Consistent is the word for their service but not persistent if that makes any sense. So if you need a refill...Speak up.
5	Everything was amazing. Food incredible, service great, and good beer selection. If your in town, you MUST go here.
2	Pretty average, nothing special. It was okay.
4	Tried the Hangover Burger on a pretzel bun. It held up to the hype. Excellent burger. My wife had their Hatch Burger? I didn't pay attention to what it was called.  Anyway, she loved it so much that she  considered  ordering another one to go. Lol. Great atmosphere, great service and excellent Burgers.
4	The sweet potato tater tots are heaven and the siracha pb and j burger is my fave, soo good :)
5	Some of the best burgers around! Not a thing to complain about. Good service, great food. Little spendy but what do you expect in old town Scottsdale.
5	This is hands down my favorite place to grab a beer and burger! The atmosphere is perfect and the music can't get any better. Their burgers are huge and amazing and food/drink prices are on par. FYI their porkster is the best damn burger!
4	I don't want to be the last person to taste this Amazing Rehab Burger. After I read all the cool damn reviews here. I can't wait any longer... Before the month ended last September at last we came here with my friends. Wow, this is the giant and coolest burger I've ever tried! Nacho Taco Burger is the best!
5	HOLY PIG WINGS!!!  Seriously, if you like pork, you don't LIKE PORK, you just heard of it PORK... whatever...U NEVER HAD PIG WINGS BEFGORE!!    These addictive morsels of                       "FOOD CRACK "             are a must try...whoever you are try the pig wings, you won't be dissapointed.  It's a full lb so may have to share to leave room for the amazing burgers!
5	My friends and me decided to hit this Old town burger joint this past weekend night. The wait to seat 4 people took over 30 minutes which was understandable seeing the large crowd and limited seating available.We still decided to wait and explore the food options. After a long wait we got seated, offered drinks and our hostess Lauren was very friendly, suggestive from the menu list to choose our food.We started of with the chicken wings in medium and gold sauces and some onion rings. Both appetizers were really good, wings being made to perfection. The real attraction were the big list of burgers on the menu.I went with the Hawaiian Burger (medium) on pretzel bun. The burger was just perfect with little pink inside and it was a huge burger. Along with the sweet potato tater tots (best tots ever. Hands down) this burger has to be among the best I ever had.Altogether this joint made me a big fan and I will be visiting here often from now. Thank you for the wonderful experience.
5	AMAZING FOOD!!!  I got the PB&J Bacon burger...heavenly!!  My husband had the Porkster Burger...also great!!!  The Sweet PoTOToes were amazing as well.  The dessert just topped everything off!!The servers were busy, but very attentive and friendly!! We will be coming back here again for sure!!
5	Great burgers, good music and genuine people. It's really all one could really ask for. Support a local AZ eatery that's bomb as hell.
5	I have only been here once, but will surely be back! I'd be a regular if I lived or worked in the area. I can't remember what my burger was called, but it was the one with blue cheese. When someone orders a blue cheese burger, it's because they LOVE blue cheese and lots of it. This one did not disappoint in any way, shape or form! I wanted to cry over not being able to finish it from lack of stomach space (I tried really hard though). The sweet potato tots were really good with the pineapple sauce. I also had a VERY generous "Mike Tai" (their spin on the Mai Tai). I love it when a place gives you a drink you can feel! The service was outstanding and it seemed the owners were there working too (I can usually tell). They clearly have a lot of pride in their restaurant.Now that the review of MY awesome experience is over with, I will say that my boyfriend's burger wasn't as good. He was a huge fan of this place already, so it's no big deal, BUT... the waitress that talks up the PB&J burger really should stop (I'm not the only Yelper who thinks so). Some things are an aquired taste. I love Braunschweiger but that doesn't mean I'd recommend it to everyone. The PB&J burger SOUNDED intriguing, but it just did not work for him. He really didn't like it at all and neither did I (of course I tried it!). It was also incredibly messy.
4	It was a rainy Sunday and you can say we were craving some good old burgers and fries. What we discovered was the good, the burgers, and not so old food. Let me explain! We had some NEW...creative style burgers...the Hawaiian and the Hatch burger (Relapse). Both were delicious. Robin, our waitress, is awesome. She brought us extra sauces so we can try them as it was our first time there. Although her recommendation to get the mix strawberry/chocolate milkshake didn't quite turn out as well (can't blame her...we were imagining a chocolate covered strawberry mix), she was a good sport. Robin offered to get us a new one or to try their Pot Brownie without us even asking. She definitely went above and beyond. Go!! Great service...good food...prepare to have a food baby o.O!!! AWK
4	It was jumping on Thursday night.  We had to sit at the bar which wasn't a big deal.  Would definitely recommend this place fun atmosphere. I had the mushroom n Swiss burger which was excellent.  My boyfriend had the Hawaiian burger.   Quick service, other than waiting for our mojitos.   Bar tender needs to be more friendly, seems patrons were a bother other than two woman he knew at the bar.   All of the female employees were very attentive and made sure everyone at the bar was happy.  Would go back but get a table next time.
5	Favorite Burger Joint!! The poblano mac and cheese burger makes my arteries cringe and my tummy rejoice!
5	Needed a burger found a burger. Awesome burger and fries cooked perfectly. Full bar, TV for sports and relaxed atmosphere. Our waiter was awesome and food came quick and hot. Go for the pretzel bun!!
3	Rehab Burger Therapy, located in downtown Scottsdale, goes for a beachy, laid-back surfer vibe  - there are surfboards mounted on the walls, reggae music playing on the intercom and employees dressed in shorts and trucker hats. For seating, there's a small bar area as well as both inside and outside seating. A friend and I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger Relapse size (4oz of meat) on a traditional Brioche bun with a side of fries and an order of their Onion Ring appetizer. The burger was just alright, nothing spectacular. BUT their onion rings were so good and massive too. The beer batter makes for an extra thick and crispy crunch. It comes with a yummy chipotle ranch sauce for dipping. Yum! As for service, our waitress was nice but a little slow in checking up on us periodically, so it took a little longer than expected to get our check and pay. This didn't bother me though because I assumed service would match the informal, laid-back atmosphere Rehab is going for. Overall, OK experience. I might come back for a beer and their onion rings but probably not to have a full meal.
4	Going to keep it simple. The BEST burger I've had. I mean that as in a fancy burger, not one I made at home. I ordered the Sunday Special "Mac n Cheese" burger. AMAZING! Also, sweet potato tater tots. YUM.The service was great and friendly too. Only 4 stars because I wasn't able to order any adult beverages since I was going to work... But it was a nice place, cheerful folks and GREAT food. I'm totally coming back.
5	I'd heard a lot of people recommend Rehab Burger over the last year and finally got to try it yesterday. It exceeded my lofty expectations. The burgers were huge, delicious, and a great price (especially considering the price of ground beef). Sweet Potato Tots are an amazing thing and I don't know why this is the first time I have heard of them or had them. Beer selection is standard, nothing too exciting, but our wonderful waitress Megan added some shots (with our permission) to our orders that made each drink order unique. Speaking of Megan, she is the most fun and outgoing waitress I have had in a long time.If you haven't already, go try Rehab.
5	I went there for dinner with a coworker.  The waitress was very friendly and got use hooked up with her favorite items on menu.  I highly recommed the burger with pineapple abd my coworker recommends the pablano pepper burger.  Fries and tots were really good.  They even disclaimer that their portions are large.  They were right.Highly recommend this place to anyone.  Save room for dessert.
4	Got a PBJ &  Bacon Burger since they were out of the Mac and Cheese burger special. The PBJ burger was well cooked, the PBJ was a different combo but enexpectedly tasty, I would get it again. The sweet potato tots and the dipping sauce were a nice change from the usual fries and ketchup.The downside to the restaurant was the wait. We were seated in under 5 minutes, but after that we waited almost 45 minutes from seated until our food finally showed up! There were people seated after us who got their food before and the same time as us. Not sure what the big hold up was.TL;DR - tasty food, long wait. I'm not sure it was worth a 45 minute wait.
5	This was a great, fun little place.  The whole family had great meals.  I had the Bacon & Blue.  I would highly recommend.
4	Good atmosphere with great sandwiches!  Try the Porkster!!  It's definitely a one of a kind burger with cheddar and pulled pork on too!  So good!
5	Truly the best restaurant i've been to thus far since moving out to AZ two months ago. I got the pulled pork sandwich & it was not a normal pulled pork. The flavoring/sauce was SO GOOD. And the portions are huge! My boyfriend got the barbecue burger and he said it was one of the best burgers he's ever had.The decor, music, & overall vibe was what really got me hooked though. I'm into the whole surfing/beach life so finding a place like this in the middle of the desert is beyond perfect. I will definitely be back!
5	The reason we picked out this place is because they have gluten free buns! Which is awesome, cause I still like to eat burgers even if I can't have gluten!The burger tasted delicious, the fries were really good (and as a Belgian you can say I know a thing or two about fries) and the staff was super friendly! We'll return to this place.I would suggest to make a reservation, since this place seems really popular..
3	Rehab Burger Therapy is all about the Southern California, beachy, laid-back surfer vibe in the middle of Downtown Scottsdale, AZ complete with palm tree and surfboard-esque decor- which is cute. I mean, they tried it. Overall, I felt that everything was "fine." The 5oz Relapse bacon cheeseburger is a good portion size for me to share and it was pretty standard in terms of taste. Nothing I have to run back to have again. Their fries were very good and they had a little bit of seasoning which I appreciated. Probably the best thing I had. Overall, this place is A-OK, but nothing I'd rush out to take friends to. But they do have off-brand Jawbreakers at the door when you leave.
5	Great clean upbeat happy atmosphere and filling. Tough parking but that's SCOTTSDALE. You'll have to go to rehab repeatedly to try their huge menu. It's certainly worth the visits.
4	Rehab is one of the best burger establishments in Maricopa County.I ordered some type of cheeseburger with thousand island dressing.  It was extremely messy and difficult to eat due to the thickly sliced pickles, but cutting it up made it easier to handle.Some little sweet potato tots came with my burger and I also ordered a side of onion rings.The onion rings were in my top 5.  No complaints there.  They automatically bring you ketchup, ranch, and a chipotle sauce for dipping.  Way to be on the ball, Rehab.The sweet potato tots came with a yummy pineapple concoction for dipping.  It was good at first, but quickly became too sweet and I had to abandon it for the ranch and ketchup.Everything was really good.  I would definitely go back.Even their female employees were easy on the eyes.  Apparently, they are allowed to wear tight, revealing clothing to work.  Again, no complaints there.In sum, go to Rehab if you like cute girls and awesome burgers.
4	great service
3	Rolled out of bed on an idle Sunday afternoon, and my head felt like someone hit it with a hammer. I must have had a few more brews than normal the night before, and I felt a hunger for something different. I worked my way through Yelp, and found this place. We drove to old town, and parking was easy to find for this location. It was busy, but we got seated right away. There are an assortment of wild burgers on the menu, and the one with "Hangover" in the title was calling my name. After ordering, the food took a good 25 minutes to come out to us. We ate, and the burgers were ok, slightly under seasoned in my opinion. Fun little place to try, but I doubt I'll make my way back again.
3	Not what we thought: My fiance and I were really excited to have a burger here since it was the #1 Yelp rated burger place in Scottsdale, but we were disappointed with our burgers. He ordered the Swiss Mushroom Burger and after I took a bite out of it it was really bland. The patty seemed to barely be seasoned and hardly had any savory flavors or high notes. I ordered the Backyard BBQ Burger, and the pineapple BBQ sauce was good as were the 2 giant onion rings, however, the patty was also quite bland and seemed to be seasoned the same way as the Swiss Burger. The Sweet Potato Tater Tots that Yelp users seemed to be raving about was just missing something. They were far too sweet. Maybe it was the batter? Perhaps we just caught them on a bad night. However, the SERVICE was EXCELLENT. Very pleasant and cheerful staff who checked on us frequently and we were also seated very quickly. Our food  arrived without much waiting. The ambiance is fun and inviting with a relaxing, casual beach vibe. All in all, it was ok, but not the type of burger place we anticipated.
4	Plus: the burgers are excellentMinus: the soundtrack switches from 311 to RebelutionPlus: the burgers are awesomeMinus: beer selection is putrid Plus: the burgers are amazing
4	Our waitress was awesome... The burgers are awesome and huge.  Definitely get the burger on the pretzel bun.  French fries and sweet potato tots are both good, hard to choose between the two.  Adventurous burger combinations, someone let me know when they try the one with PB&J.    One plus to their beer selection they have a tasty Maui coconut porter, which isn't as gross as you may think.  Nice and stout with a hint of the coconut, add a shot of Vanilla Stoli to give it a bit of a flavor and alcohol boost.
2	It looks better than it tastes.  No amazing combination that makes me say I have to go back there for that burger. The onion rings were good that was the only item that was good. Frozen burger patty. Nothing special. Costs as much as a burger at Hillstone but no where near the quality. The restaurant is also very dirty. It serves the hangover late night crowd who does not notice the dirt. Our thoughts.
5	If you don't love this burger joint you're crazy! Awesome burgers and amazing beach atmosphere. Haven't had anything I don't like and between me and my boyfriend we've probably had almost everything on the menu.
5	We love Rehab Burger Therapy!  Excellent food, great service and fun atmosphere.  This is my favorite place to have lunch with my family and friends..
4	Sorry, this is a tad late!I met up with a good friend recently to hang outside and have a burger...since I only have 3-4 a year, it's kind of a big deal.  This place is tiny with a great patio and horrible parking but that is a minor hassle that ended up being worth it.We got seated and began looking at the menu.  My friend is cutting a lot of things from her diet and was able to get a GF bun.  She was happy that the staff was able to recommend some things she COULD get.  Our waiter was fabulous that way!I love 1000-Island burgers but Rehab doesn't have that sauce so I opted for fish tacos instead, with a side of sweet-potato tots.  OMG, they were heavenly!  The order was huge so I took them home and had leftovers for a week.  The tacos were great but messy.  We had a lovely time visiting with our neighbors at the next table and I noticed a lot of first-timers and was able to compare notes with them and even share some tots.  All seemed happy with the ambience and food, which says a lot about Rehab's menu selections.The prices were very reasonable, which is always a reason to go back.  I could make a meal out of the tots alone and will become a regular when I can get a cheeseburger with 1000-Island.  Remember, it's a big deal!
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G Burgers here.  Cute atmosphere and great service.  Will definitely be visiting again soon!!!  Wish you had a location in N. Phoenix.THANKS!!!
5	They got it right!  This burger joint would fit in with the many Gulf Coast towns and cities in Texas.   Felt like I was back home on the Third Coast kicking back with a burger, beer, and good company jamming to reggae on the sound system.   Bugers were stellar, both the vegan and the Hatch Chile burger.  I grew up 30 miles north of Hatch NM and can say they did it right.  The Red Stripe beer was fresh!!!  Something you don't see on a regular basis here in AZThe real surprise was the sweet potato tots!  Usually not a fan of them, but their version just made me a convert!!!The only thing lacking was the beach, so, barring California sliding into the Pacific,  it is something I will just have to deal with.
5	I've never met servers who were so friendly, patient, and just overall cool people.  Burgers are excellent. I've had the chilli and mushroom swiss and they were both exquisite. Sweet potato tots are mediocre.  I prefer the fries.
5	Quality of food combined with amazing service makes this place a new family favorite. We were out and about exploring Scottsdale, i told my husband I was in the mood for a burger and so we ended up here. The food is amazing and we will be going back for sure!!! I really wish they had a location closer but we will make the drive for this place!!!
4	This is a good place to grab a burger and drinks with friends. The burgers are not the best, but are good. That combined with the cool environment make it a quality joint. We sat at the bar so we could watch the games while eating. Our bartender was attentive, knowledgable and friendly. They have good drinks specials. Also, they have special burgers off menu so be sure to ask about them.I ordered the PBJ & Bacon Burger. It comes with peanut butter, grape jelly, Sriracha sauce and bacon. The burger meat its self is just ok. The toppings made the burger very good. The flavors combine extremely well together. It is a rich burger with the peanut butter, but well worth it. My only mistake was ordering the 10 ounce burger. The five ounce would have been plenty of food for me.For my side I chose the Jamaican Corn. It is grilled and then briefly fried. It creates a very interesting texture. The flash fry hit some of the flavors. If I was to go again I would add some sauce at the end to give some of that flavor back.
5	Awesome fish tacos coming from a gal who does not like fish!!' Burgers are fabulously gigantic! You will not leave hungry!!
5	Excellent food, the burgers were huge, the small pasta was a very full plate. Great atmosphere, a great beachy feel right here in Scottsdale. The prices seem a bit high but for the amount of food you get it's not bad. The pot browny was huge. Really a great meal, so large we ate half and are saving the other half for later. Definitely a good value and great tastes.
4	Awesome burger joint! Cool, relaxing atmosphere which goes with the theme so well. Always have had super friendly servers.  Ask for lettuce, tomato, onion and pickle if you're used to your burgers coming with them, will not be assumed that you want it. They got creative with the dipping sauces and are always happy to recommend which goes best with your order. Love the sweet potato tots with the pineapple sauce! My only negative is that when I've taken burgers to go they have always been overlooked. But then again when is take out ever as good as being served a hot dish you can dig into right away?! Definitely give them a try if you're in a burger mood...very accommodating burger options. The poblano and hang over burger are two thumbs up!
3	How Rehab won a Phoenix magazine award, I'll never know. I had a vegetarian option, the Noogie, and it was loaded with grilled eggplant, portabella and havarti but lacking in flavor. Beer was pricey at $5 Pacifico bottles, and my friend's green chili burger looked horrible and tastes mediocre. Service was way too relaxed, and everyone looked unimaginatively dumpy.
5	A friend from out of state and I went here last night for the first time. This is my first unsolicited Yelp! review. It was just THAT GOOD.The service was excellent (Ryan)! We felt both very taken care of and not smothered at the same time, which is really remarkable and so so satisfying. The food was great - I had the turkey burger and fries.I'm not a wordsmith and I don't think the review needs to go past: Excellent service, great food, amazing time! :)
5	A great true yelp find. I'm from out of state and tried this on a whim, worth every penny. Very good food - enough on the menu if you don't feel like the burger. I had the pulled pork sandwich - amazing! Fast & friendly service as well. Highly recommend.
5	Yum, yum! Food was delicious and the all day Happy Hour on a Saturday didn't suck either. Had the PB & J & Bacon burger... Ridiculous! I'll be back FOR SURE!
5	Can't wait to get back for a dessert item I spied on the menu - some kind of delectable brownie concoction, but I digress. The place has the coolest beach vibe with groovy art, tv, and music making it work. Very friendly service, and the menu is ridiculously impressive. Their burgers cannot be beat and your choices/combinations are limitless. I had a pineapple bbq backyard burger with giant crunchy onion rings atop. I couldn't get the thing to smash below a 4" gap and had to make do with knife and fork. Hubby had the bacon/egg burger combo (can't remember the names of these bad boys) but they were both cooked to perfection, juicy, and the bun... oh my land. Don't miss out on the sweet potato tots - full of flavor and crispy good. Next time, I may share a burger so I can land that dessert. Will be SOON.
3	Rehab burger was an enjoyable atmosphere. The music featured rock ranging from The Eagles to Sublime. I enjoy the warm feeling and concept they are going for. I thoroughly enjoy a good burger. I was not particularly blown away from the meal. The French fries tasted like the oil needed to be changed in the fryer. In all fairness we didn't go out until 8pm at night: the burger was not bad just not something I was happy paying $14 bucks for. I'll attach some pics. We had the honey medium wings and they were better then the burger. The wings were not fatty, had plenty of meat on them, cooked perfectly, and tossed in a great flavor sauce. It's possible the wings set the bar too high. I chose the rehab hangover burger. This included, bacon, fried egg, 10oz patty, Colby cheese, chipotle mayo, and a very fresh flavorful hatch chili. The idea behind the burger was perfect. The execution was not there. The patty was cooked medium but had an over char to it, giving it a burnt taste, the fried egg was over cooked, I was really looking forward to bursting the yoke! The bacon was over cooked. The bun had good flavor but should have been toasted longer and was a bit tough like it had lost some of its freshness. The hatch chili had great flavor! Ultimately, I will go back on another day perhaps when it's slower to see if the execution is better. The servers and bartenders were polite and friendly.
5	Are you kidding me with this place? My server was fun, funny, and got everything perfect! She also brought out a ton of the different sauces for us to try without us even asking. P.S. I know it sounds terrifying but do yourself a favor and get the PB&J burger...it's like an "O" for your mouth!!!!
4	3.33 The laid back atmosphere was perfect for this flip flop wearing type of guy. The service was amazing, not so much our server, but the rest of the staff were on point. The hostess (with too much eye makeup) was by far the best employee they have on today. She was running around and helping everyone, while doing her job perfectly. I ordered the 10oz Hatch Chili Burger, medium rare, with fries and a Dr Pepper. The bill was $13 or so before tip. The burger was cooked perfectly, red and juicy. The burger was not seasoned or very little. I tried a bit of salt but it was still lacking. The chili and the cheese were good, the brioche bun was good. The whole thing as a burger was a bit bland. I used the Chipotle Aioli to season the flavor a bit.The fries were forgettable and were on the colder side when we got them. Overall, I did like the place, I would go again. I would just ask for salt and pepper on the burger and a salad indstead of fries.
5	Amazing!!! Burgers were awesome! Tater tots were awesome! Blood Mary was spicy. Love this place!
5	This is my favorite burger place...ever! I have tried multiple burger bars and counters and nothing outshines rehab. The food is great and the atmosphere is really cool. The pricing is very fair as well. I always get the Mac gnarly burger, and I just love this place.
5	Really good.  My wife has the fish tacos, I had the bacon cheeseburger.  Quality was excellent, portions huge, price reasonable.
4	Came here based on reviews and it was worth it! If I could give this place 4.5, I would. The only thing that kept it from a 5 was the onion rings because the onions were too wide...not enough flavor. Love their sauces and tater tots! This place may be known for their burgers but the pork was fantastic....it'll get me back here for sure! Would most definitely recommend this place.
5	This is a bar type atmosphere like Cheers but the food is out of this world. Within 15 minutes I had met the owner and head chef and they were really great people. Then I got the Calimari which is meatier and better flavored than any I have ever had. I thought that was great but then the pulled pork sandwich with fries showed up along with my wife's bacon cheese burger. My mouth was druling over the Bar-B-Q sauce on the fries when my wife made me try her hamburger. WOW! Finally I dug into my pulled pork. In order to understand how good this is you need to know that I am a true redneck that smokes pork, beef and poltry weekly at home. This Bar-B-Q  sauce was so smokey and delightfully spicy that I told the owner he should get it bottled. He then brought me a 20 Oz cup of it to take home for free. Seriously I just went into this place due to the name and I wanted a beer. I will make the 60 mile round trip here regularly because this makes my Bar-B-Q suck in comparison.
5	Rehab Burger has a great, laidback, beach-vibe environment. The staff are friendly and seem down to earth. They have outside high-top seating that's great for any time of the day. They have a huge menu and the burger options can be a little overwhelming if you're indecisive like me. I went with the turkey burger that had avocado, lettuce, tomato, and sprouts on top. It was huge and super tasty. The burger came with sweet potato tots that were warm and crispy and there's a unique selection of sauces to dip your tots in. Some of the burgers have the option of 5 ounces or 10 and the turkey burger only comes 10 ounces, so I wouldn't recommend eating it all, especially if you plan on drinking! I didn't drink here, but I hear the margaritas are strong and really good. I absolutely love this place and can't wait to go back!
5	Really surprised by the appearance to find good quality food and gluten-free options! Most of the sauces and dressings and the fries are gluten-free and they offer gluten-free buns!
5	Awesome find. Loved all the choices, loved that you could get large and small portions. Great service, great atmosphere, great prices, great food. Oh we didn't mention the awesome draft beer choices and prices! We'd be regulars if we lived here. This is what yelp is all about... thank you Yelpers for helping us find this place!
4	First of all, service was awesome! I was so pleased with our waitress, she knew it was our first time here and gave us suggestions and was patient with us. She gave us different sauces to try with our super yummy sweet potato tots, and even though I don't like ketchup...the spicy ketchup was really good.I got the Backyard BBQ burger, relapse (5 oz) size and my boyfriend got the PB+J 10 oz size because our waitress told us it was the most popular and he wanted to be bold.Well anyways, the PB+J burger was actually good. What?! Life is full of surprises. The menu says there's sriracha in it but he couldn't taste it at all. I substituted my onion rings w/ pineapple instead and it was very hawaiian tasting. The menu is very creative. The burgers were good but wasn't amazing. The sweet potato tots were verrry delicious. I love anything sweet potato. And the sauces made it better.
4	Pretty great spot for a burger. I had a chicken burger with sweet potato tots and I went to watch the game which was filled with big screens. Such a laid back atmosphere.
5	Damn good burger. Decided to try the pb&j burger. It was delicious. The service was good too. Definitely will be back.
5	Amazing food, service, atmosphere!!! Sit at the bar!!!! Reno will take good care of you! Ask him to do toothpick trick!
5	Just when you think you've had just about any kind of burger, you stumble across Rehab Burger Therapy. The burgers were great, and the service was amazing!
5	Service and food were excellent. Our waitress Robin did an amazing job with us and our 3 kids. Port-a-Burger burger and sweet potato tator tots is a great choice. We also tried the PB&J burger, which ranks very high on my personal burger chart.
5	Great food and service. Nicely nested at the back of the Old Town, I guess you have to be in the know to find it! Try the pulled pork. Period. Turns boys to men.
4	I had the chicken sandwich here when I was with my family and was pleasantly surprised! The chicken was tender and flavorful, and the bun was great. My family all had burgers and really enjoyed them, although they said it wasn't the best burger they had ever eaten. I loved the fries but my sister said they were a bit too salty, so if you like flavorful fries these are for you!
5	We decided to try Rehab because it smelled good.  I can not ever remember having a burger that was this good.  Service was fantastic.  We will be back
5	This place is simply amazing! I came here during lunch, luckily the lunch rush had not hit yet, so there was plenty of room. The service was friendly enough, and the food was beyond good.I ordered the PB J burger medium rare. When it came out I cut it into 4 pieces just to make sure I wouldn't make a mess (this is one messy burger) It was cooked perfectly medium rare, which is apparently harder to do than it sounds. Words can not describe how good this burger was, its a must try. The fries were pretty good as well. If your looking for a good burger and your in the area, stop by, you will not be disappointing.
5	Wow. So happy we tried this place out! New favorite! After some convincing, my husband ordered the PB&J burger. I ordered the Hangover burger. We both got the sweet potato tots. The PB&J burger was so different and SO delicious! I liked it more than the Hangover, but mine was good as well. Our service was amazing and the vibe is super chill. We will definitely be returning with all our friends!
4	Loved this place. Great service with awesome burger.  Onion rings are best around.
5	My favorite place food people happy hr ++++******++++++++ get anything with cheese and beer
5	Rehab burger therapy? It sure is!I couldn't wait to try this place out due to all the positive yelp reviews. On New Year's Eve, my boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch and we were blown away by the amazing customer service, quality of food, and happy/fun sheek environment. We had the bacon cheeseburger with a side of sweet potato tots. Yum yum yum. We also had the frito chili appetizer--holy was that delicious.I will definitely be back and break my New Years resolution diet.
5	Great service,  The waitstaff is always checking on how your food is and are you having a good time.The burger was great the french fries were great and the sweet potato tater tots or unique and really good.
5	This is my 2nd favorite hamburger place I have EVER eaten at!... My food is always perfect! I love the pretzel bun! I would strongly suggest trying the pretzel bun! The sweet potato tots are amazing!!! All of the staff I have meet are amazing, the owners are awesome, and the Kimmy special drink is not only refreshing but almost guilt free. I practice out of a clinic close by so I have even had lunch meetings here! I couldn't recommend Rehab Nurger more!
3	This was pretty good. The calamari was pretty good. . . a bit heavy handed on the batter, but over good. I got the Pablano Burger which was excellent! The chicken wings. . . eh, ok. The view and seating is very nice.
3	First let me say that I don't think this place is worth the hype.  I had a BYOB today with bacon, hatch chilies, cheese on a pretzel bun with fries.  The meat lacked seasoning, bacon was a little under cooked and I thought that the chilies should have been diced.  The fries were cooked and seasoned well but the two dipping sauces where store bought, kinda lame in my opinion.  I will not be going back to Rehab! Food Guy Out!
