3	When I was at school, I got all my clothes from Cult - unfortunately so did everyone else, so we all walked around pretending to be 'unique', but clearly looking like distorted clones of one another.Times have changed and I don't frequent this place nearly as much as I once did. They still have a good selection of 'cool' clothes, but these days I am less concerned with impressing sk8ter boys with my streetwise fashion sense. I've always thought that the guys section was far superior to the girls, more than half the store is devoted to trendy boywear. I still pop in on occasion, but usually find that I can get cheaper and better things elsewhere. Plus, you can't return stuff.
3	I used to really like Cult when I was 16 and was going through my Bench clothing phase. Now that I'm more grown up, I can appreciate that they do have some pretty cool, nice stuff but it is a little too expensive for my liking. I gather that Super Dry is the new trendy label to be wearing and this is where people flock to get their fix of Super Dry. As far as I can see Super Dry is checked shirts and jeans at inflated prices. The girls section has some pretty dresses and tops but I always leave here empty handed. Cult always seem to display these really cool, fashionable outfits in the window to entice you in then you realise that ahh it is quite expensive and that is purely because it has a label on it.
3	My flatmate is always dragging me in here whenever we go shopping. I have found the odd thing in here before, usually little floaty dresses or cool t-shirts etc but I don't come here if I'm shoping on my own.It's the place to go if you're after anything made by Bench, Superdry or any of those other lables, although this is more true for their menswear. Their womenswear section has some less boring labels, including things like Yumi, Vila and Pussycat, which are slightly quirkier than the things you'll find in the usual high street shops. This is good as it mean that you're unlikely to turn up somewhere wearing the same thing as someone else, especially given how overpriced this place is.If you've trawled Princes Street and haven't found what you were after, this place may weel be worth a visit, just don't expect to bag a bargain.
2	All the reviews have hit the nail on the head, if you want to look like everyone else, shop here.The only thing I'm going to add is about the band t-shirts. All the t-shirts in here are fakes, but the cost 3 TIMES MORE THAN THE REAL THING!!!Plus they are made with thinnest material I've ever seen, somebody isn't working the Taiwanese slaves hard enough!
4	Much like anything that starts out vaguely left of centre and finds it's way into the mainstream, be it fashion, music or art, Cult Clothing has become a bit of a victim of it's own success. There's still plenty of interesting enough clothes, but nowwadays they're not exactly individual.The store has moved away from the more grungy and rocky style it was known for in the past, and the current window displays show girl's dresses more suited to dancing round handbags than getting soaked with piss in a moshpit. I do still like quite a lot of the menswear, but it doesn't come cheap.Not maybe worth the 5 stars it once was, but I'd still rather shop at Cult than mince around Topman in skinny jeans.
2	I'm just going to come out and say it - I do not see the point of this shop. More over, I simply cannto see why it has such a huge following and seemingly impressive reputation.Yeah, I'll give it to you that it looks cool - whoever does the window displays can take a small selection of clothes and a huge pile of junk and make it into a window display that rivals the masterpieces of any artist. The inside is like a 'whats-what-of-cool-things-designed-to-make-you-like-us' and thats again just the displays which Cult so desperatly rely on to look cool.Truthfully, if you go beyond the shallow looks - you see what Cult really is. A generic, and vastly over priced shop of quasi-designer clothes. You can get most of this stuff anywhere else, and for quite a bit cheaper.I may sound a bit bitter, but I cant stand shops like this.
3	I imagine the more trendy and individual punter will sneer at the smattering of SuperDry products found inside Cult. Indeed, as is the case with SuperDry products themselves, the clothing on offer inside Cult is a little hit or miss. The overall beach hut interior and similar themed clothing can occasional produce some gems but it's worth a good root around in order to find something of interest.Plus, the usual trancy break-beat pumping out of the shop's speakers adds to any peruse around its interior.
4	The reason I would visit Cult these days differs quite significantly from the reason I used to visit this clothing store. When I was going through the, my jeans must be as flared as possible, piercings and general fancying myself as alternative phase, I would come here to peruse the wares and get myself something suitably baggy.I'm a bit more girly in terms of clothing now, and more partial to a dress or a skirt than I am to a pair of flares, and Cult in turn seems to have changed its style along with me. Rather than being top of the list for alternative clothes shopping in Edinburgh, Cult has now geared itself towards more of a boho, rocker, festival-esque, funky fashion vibe. The Superdry label is clearly the dominating force here, with the range of hoodies, checked shirts, denim items, t-shirts and other garments taking prominence on the shop floor. That's quite alright with me though, as I'm really keen on the Superdry range, particularly the shirts, although I wouldn't exactly say any of it was cheap. The vintage look skirts and dresses are pretty reasonable however, so Cult is a good go-to for a quick fix outfit purchase on a small budget.
