4	I've always liked East Indian food......moderately, that is. it's not a cuisine that I'd turn down, but it's never been one I'd seek out, either. That is until I discovered the Tandoori Village. Now.....mmmmm, I'm thinkin' Indian.At the SE corner of Bell Road and 43rd Avenue, happily enough in my immediate neighbourhood, the restaurant is established in a freestanding building that has been, to my knowledge, occupied by half a dozen other restaurants over the past dozen years. Let's hope the TV hangs in there...I have dined and lunched there half a dozen times over the past few months, and have yet to be disappointed with anything off of their menu. It's ALL been good, from the garlic naan to the lamb tandoori. Vegetarian fare is listed on the menu, though I've never tried it. Chai (milky tea) is available from the counter, comp'd.Interestingly, unlike any other East Indian restaurant I have patronized, the management of the TV do not offer a lunch buffet. I heard one of the owners comment that to do so would 'dumb down' the quality of his food. Given the results from his a la carte menu, I'm not about to argue with the man.The ambience isn't much....about what you'd expect of a Denny's, really. The service can be bit amateurish and clumsy, the serving staff being composed, apparently, of work-study teenagers from the nearby high school. Still, they're friendly and do try hard. Curiously, the waitstaff are about the only Anglos you'll see in the place. The kitchen folks and virtually all of the patrons, from my observation, are East Indian....which says something about an ethnic restaurant.Good stuff! The place has been there for about a year, and one hopes they'll be there for many to come.It's lunchtime. Hmmm....I'm thinkin' Tandoori Village.
1	Only been here once, and once was enough. The place is absolutely crap. Not that I typically care about decor, but it was dingy as hell inside - in fact, your bog standard Denny's is like a Taj Mahal by comparison.As others have commented, there was some ethnic fair-skinned girl on duty when we went. I know she was Ukrainian because the couple behind us picked up on the accent (which was almost too thick to understand) and asked her. Not exactly authentic, but then again that's something else I'm not typically concerned with.What I am concerned with, however, is food quality - in particular places that skimp on stuff. I got a saag dish - can't remember what it was, probably beef or aloo - and it was completely drowned in the saag (pureed spinach). Wife got the butter chicken, same thing - 80% sauce, 20% meat. And the taste was just a-ight, nothing special at all which made it even more annoying. I could have cooked the same thing at home for a tenth the price.During the course of the meal, I noticed something which looked like a black beetle with its innards spilling out. I've seen plenty of cardamom seeds in my time, but the ones I'm used to are khaki-ish-greenish in colour and a lot smaller than this was. I called Ms Ukraine over and asked her what it was. She - get this - gave me a scared expression and said in her halting English "I.. not know! don't eat it!!" then scurried off. Don't eat it?! I had a sniff of the seed and it was definitely a cardamom - evidently a Giant Black North American Cardamom. Frankly, looking at the place I wouldn't have been surprised if it -was- a beetle.Never going back. I wouldn't have even if the server HADN'T have advised me not to eat the food. Best Indian on the west side remains Tandoori Times II on NE cnr 57th and W Bell, and even that's a far cry from what I've had in Sydney and San Fran. I second Mr K.'s observation - avoid this place.
1	One of the dirtiest places serving Indian Cuisine I've ever visited.  There were food crumbs everywhere on the floor.  The decor is from the 1970's, very worn down, and just not the sort of place that you want to visit... to eat.Bread was alright, but food was bland.  Server pointed out the owner to me and this person was certainly not Indian.  Servers were caucasion kids (teens maybe?) and knew little about the food.Insane prices considering everything else.  Not a great part of town either.
3	Since I can't study right now, I might as well write the review of the restaurant that is to blame for my current state.  I took a dinner break and met a friend of mine at Tandoori Village.  I was thrilled, since I haven't had Indian food since moving to Arizona.  I still can't smell quite right, but even so, I could tell that this place smelled good.Now, the other reviewers are right with one thing.  The place isn't much to look at.  But it's not a theme restaurant or some fancy-pants hipster fusion restaurant, so I'm not gonna knock it for that.  They were playing Bollywood movies on the tv, and that was enough for me.If you like nan, it's good enough here to make it worth the trip.  We had some potato, some onion, and some garlic nan.  I've never had garlic nan before.  It was one of the most garlic-y things I'd ever eaten.  Aside from the fact I'm gonna kill any vampires within a mile, it was fantastic.The main dishes were all also good.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Curry dishes were delicious and had enough kick that it helped clear my head.  And the paneer was a wonderfully mild contrast between the two spicy dishes.  All the food was presented well (as well as Indian fod can, to be fair) and everything was clean.For what we paid, we got a lot of food.  Even so, the late-evening food coma that's keeping me from studying may cause some grief later.  Ah well, at least it was for a good meal.
3	This is a Pakastani restaurant trying to serve Indian food. So like all Pakastani restaurants, they make great meat dishes and their vegetable dishes are poor imitations. The curries were great and so is the naan. The food here is good but it has several flaws. The place is dirty and deserves notice. Yes, I don't need a fusion restaurant or copper utensils but a restaurant should be cleaned and not have table cloths that are stained with the previous diners food leftovers or have food on the floor or seats. The vegetarian dishes are classically unspicy, lacking flavor and not cooked well. Nonetheless, it is a good deal and the food is cheap. If you can deal with your water glass never being refilled and slow service, it's not a bad place. If you are a vegetarian or an Indian food snob, avoid.
5	In all of Phoenix, this is my favorite over all Indian place. We try to go there once a month since we live in the East Valley so its about a 45 minute drive. But when we get there, we have amazing food.Our favorite are the Tandoori Chops and the Lamb Boti Masala w/ Garlic Nan. The Tandoori Chops are to die for and I haven't had better ones yet. Simply amazing!
4	When I enter a south Asian - Indian or Pakistani restaurant for lunch I a really want a buffet. I got the coconut chicken curry which was really good. I did however upgrade the plain naan to a kheema naan , the naan itself was great but I found the kheema a bit salty and the next time I would recommend just to get the naan as it is . Other than that it was a good experience.
4	After living abroad for a few years, a favorite treat for my husband and I became Indian food. Once we moved back to Phoenix, I was determined to find a decent Indian restaurant.After trying several disappointing restaurants throughout the city, I am pleased to say I found an excellent choice a few minutes from my house.The restaurant is usually near empty when I've gone in for dinner. That worried me at first, but now I consider it an undiscovered gem. I was glad to see that a buffet was not offered because in my opinion, quality matters more than quantity.My husband and I order the same dishes every time we dine here. My husband is Iraqi and a lot of Indian cuisine mirrors some of his favorites. Although he has tried a couple of different items in the past, we always orders Lamb Biryani and Naan. There is definitely no shortage of food here. We are stuffed silly by the time we leave.My favotie dish to Chicken Tikka Masala with a (massive) side of rice. It doesn't get any better in my opinion.The decor is plain and the staff isn't overly friendly. The service isn't impeccable but the food compensates for it.
2	THE GOOD:Good interior design. Located in a really prominent place. Quick service. THE BAD:Some of the curries are really diluted and the quantities are served are less. The Indian breads are not only overpriced but also taste worse off when compared to Tandoori Times 2 which is a nearby competitor. Times 2 also has my favorite bread, Chilli Naan, which I is not available here.Amongst the appetizers, the Samosa is good but the aloo tikka is really bland and poorly cooked. Overall, I would suggest other local alternatives such as Tiffin India for takeaway and Tandoori Times 2 for dine in.
4	Okay, the place does not have the best atmosphere or decor .... but the food is pretty tasty and the prizes are reasonable. Good place to go for a casual, quick bite to eat.
1	My wife and I just moved to this area from the east valley where we were near the best indian restaurant in the valley in Guru Palace at Baseline and gilbert rd.  This was some of the worst indian food I've ever had, and this is in no way to demean the amazing meal I had there but I have had better indian food at Taste of India in Fargo North Dakota. We got take out so I can't speak to the atmosphere but when I walked in there was one other person there and the owners. The Garlic Naan was more like pita bread it didn't feel or taste like it was cooked in a tandoor and was thick. I would say they bought it somewhere and just reheated. My wife got the staple-Chicken Tikka Masala...I make better chicken tikka masala. The jew from ny makes better chicken tikka masala then Tandoori Village. There were 8 count them 8 chunks of chicken and a sauce that was filled with whole spices and the wrong kind of chunky. No Onions, no peppers just bits of bay leaf and whole cardamom pods. It was pretty gross. I ordered the Tandoori Lamb chops as I'm a lamb lover and thought this would be a good thing to try since I don't see it on too many menus. My $14 dish was 3 skinny chops and one massive...I don't what kind of portion that is but it's not a $14 dish portion. This was our first and only time being a patron of tandoori village. I can't wait to try tandoori times as it's closer and has to be a vast improvement on this awful meal.
5	This was hands down the best Indian food I have had to date. I had sort of given up on Indian food with most of the restaurants in the Seattle area going to a lunch buffet which is just luke warm gross food like every other buffet I have tried. I didn't want to spend a lot of money and most of their food is $10 and above so I got the $7 Tandoori Chicken wrap. Sweet mother of Ganesha this was amazing! Tandoori Chicken, vegetables and spices in a very hot very fresh Naan wrap. The service was polite and prompt. The place seems to be mostly frequented by the local Indian populations (we were the only non-Indian people in there). Being a family restaurant, expect to have kids all around you, being kids.   On a side note and I am not sure if this adds or subtracts from the over all authenticity of the experience but the smell coming out of my ass today is like a Mumbai slum! (so I hear) Woooooo Weeeeee........
2	Very disappointing taste... Presentation of dishes is very bad... Ambience is Ok... Service is average...This is in comparison to so many indian restaurants we ate in US.Dine date : 2012Feb10Hope they improve it soon.Full Details below:4 of us went, 2 vegetarians and 2 non-vegetariansPakoda - Made of only Potato not cut properly. Generally we expect Onion/Gobi.Chicken Tikka - Tastes good, juicy and nicely marinated. Lacks presentation. The onions provided are not seasoned and are White Onions. Specifically order for more spicy(hot) but we got it very less spicy dish.Chicken Biryani - Specifically ordered for less spicy and its too spicy(hot). Has lot of peas and less chicken. No coriander added. Chicken is well cooked but the dish lacks many ingredients. Doesn't feel like a biryani.Mutton Biryani - Specifically ordered for less spicy and I was sweating heavily by the time I left. Again too many peas and less Mutton. Mutton is tender and cooked well, but the dish as such does not have that biryani taste.Vegetable Biryani - Except for Potato and Peas, there are no more vegetables. C'mon... at the least we expect a couple of Gobi and carrot pieces. The side of Raita provided is horrible. There are no cut onions/tomato/coriander/green chili in it. Its plane yogurt mixed with lots of water.Dal Makhani - Nice taste and proper quantity.Basmati Rice - Not properly cooked. Is cooking plane rice so hard..??Soft drinks - they do refill it, but the soda doesn't have proper soda in it.... its like as if  you leave a coke bottle open for 1/2 hour and drink it.Pricing - Reasonable and equivalent to other Indian restaurants. Service - Good. The waitress is very presentable, doesn't bother to give us choices. Also doesn't bother to tell our specific needs to the cook. Seriously..?? I can have that in a buffet or in a fast food joint..Finally my friend giving us the treat, decided he will take us to a better restaurant again. Everyones disappointed.
4	I see folks dissing this place because it's in the shell of some old diner type place. Noshit, Sherlock. This wasn't formerly the TajMahal but who gives a rat's derriere anyway?I come here for the food. Once after eatinghere I tried all the other Indian restaurantsin the neighborhood. They were just ok in comparison. A few have even gone out of businesssince then. One of them that shares the first partof the name had food so bland the only flavorseemed to be salt. Even the rice it came withwas just plain - like it was minute rice orsomething. And on top of that, they had a reallyobnoxious belly dancer. What the heck is up withthat? A belly dancer? Isn't that like walkinginto Lolo's and seeing freaking Riverdance beingperformed? But back to the Village... Parking here is always easy - lots of space. Often times my group is the only group of people not of South Asian origin. That usually speaks to authenticity if you go for that sort of thing. Love their mint chutney dip for the papadams. The other dip that comes with them is too sweet - I usually leave it alone. They have a guy that's got a Tandoori oven and knows how to use it. Any of the Naans are always a sure thing. I'm a sucker for Vindaloo though. I've tried this same dish in multiple places in the generalvicinity - several square miles or so - and haven't found one that has just the right flavor like the way this place makes it. If you get bored while eating,you can catch up with the latest Bollywood hits playingon the TVs in the place. Don't forget to take a spoonfulof after dinner mint/fennel seeds combo to freshen yourbreath before you leave.
5	Hands down one of the best Indian places I've been to.When it comes to restaurants, I'm more of a food-over-service kind of girl. The service, decor and ambiance don't really matter to me so much as a good meal does.This place is nothing to look at. I think it was a fried chicken shack before Tandoori Village took over it- and it still looks like it. The waiters are teenagers du jour and are acceptable, but you might have to flag one down to get your chai or water refilled. But like I said, that hardly matters when my 5-star review is all about the food.To start, order hot chai. It will come unsweetened and very hot- but stir and stir with sugar while you wait for your meal. You'll find yourself strangely addicted to a second cup, even if you don't like whole milk (I detest it and this is the only time I drink it.)The naan basket is fantastic- a variety of flavored naans, onion, garlic, potato. Also fantastic is the papadum- it's like a flat crispy cracker flavored with Indian spices. Try it with the two chutneys- the green one is mint and hot, the other is sweeter and earthier. Also try mixing them!I love the palak paneer- a spinach dish made with Indian cheese- and the basmati rice. The vindaloo is also amazing. Their curries and "sauce dishes" will share a little easier than their tandoori or grilled dishes- get a variety of sauces and meats and trade around the table for a little sample of everything. I always leave a little high on spice and very satisfied. It's nothing special to look at, but it really depends on what you go in wanting. If you want a "slice of India" complete with belly-dancers and ornate carpets, you might want to try somewhere else. But for fantastic food at reasonable prices...this is your place!
5	Best Indian food I've had. What the atmosphere lacks gets more than made up for in their quality of food. No complaints with this place. I'd come back in a heartbeat even if it's on the other side of town.
5	I loved food. My first time here. Great service. Fresh veggies. Fresh meat. Loved it. I'm coming back for sure.
4	CLOSED, as of the end of 2012. Bummer.
