3	Don Miguels is advertised as a beautiful and not so typical mexican restaurant. You are invited into the Margarita Bar for a drink you can take to your table ......The reality is that Don Miguel's is a nice, and VERY typical Mexican restaurant that is done up to look like what people visiting Vegas from Eastern states would envision as "Mexican decor." The Margarita bar is nothing special, however, weekday afternoons you can get $1.00 frozen Margaritas in a variety of flavors in some swell little plastic cups. The bar also entices you with 1/2 off their appetizer menu.The food is nice .... I don't know what else to say about it. It's just very average and very typical mexican fare.I admit , I have not tried the Tequila Flan for desert so I may be missing a totally unique dish.If you need food, and like Mexican, and don't feel like paying a lot of money, then Don Miguel's will meet your needs.Then again, perhaps my judgement is clouded by the fact that when I enter ..... they seat me in one of the little two seater tables up front between the cash register and the swell Margarita bar. Thus, I have not had the opprtunity to savor the full ambience of the wall mural and mirrrors located in the rear of this nice, average establishment.
3	late lunch or an early dinner...don miguel serving large sizzling fresh fajitas....largescale nachos....ceviche 'n' quesadillas....half priced at under $five each from 2pm to 6pm....complimented by 99 cent flavored frozen blended pre-made margaritas served straight from "slushy machines"....probably would only pay a $dollar at most for a plastic cup of margarita "slushy"....only recommending an odd hour day snack during happy hour for fajita at don miguel....
3	It was Friday night and since the Yardhouse was packed tighter than a nun's handbag, that fell through. A friend and I wandered around town, and somehow ended up at Don Miguel's in the Orleans casino. We waltzed in around 9 PM, and it wasn't terribly busy. (It's not a huge venue, so it's emptiness was more apparent.)For drinks, we started with water, then upgraded to firewater. My friend had a margarita, while I "enjoyed" a rancid, heavy shot of tequila (1800, if you're curious) and needed help to take it down.Service was fast, and our food came out even faster. Speaking of speed, we watched horse races on a nearby flatscreen, though we didn't place any bets.We munched on chips with various sauces, including salsa. My trio of corn tortilla tacos ($9.99) satisfied, and the aforementioned sauces came in handy. (I also took advantage of Cholula to add color.) For my entree, I had a choice of ground beef, shredded beef, or chicken tacos, so I asked for one each. Didn't leave hungry!Unless you dislike Mexican cuisine, check out Don Miguel's for yourself!
2	To provide context: We visited Don Miguel's at 9:40pm on a Friday. They close at 10:00pm, but the hostess seated us without letting us know this fact. However, the hostess continued to seat patrons up to 10pm, while our waitress told us that she needed to get our order in before 10pm. We appreciated the honesty of our waitress. The decor is tacky, but for a Mexican place inside a casino, I would expect nothing less. We started with margaritas, both strawberry, and both tasted like sugar, and we were not sure if there was any alcohol in the drinks. The salsa and bean dip served with the chips were the best part of the dinner. I ordered cheese enchiladas, my wife had the veggie burrito. The enchiladas were okay, very cheesy with a nice sauce. The rice was very bland, and the beans were decent. My wife's burrito was just roasted veggies in a tortilla with sauce, however, it was a different sauce than the green sauce on top of the burrito. She was not impressed by the burrito. The portion sizes were large, and this is one of the few times we have Mexican and do not take home leftovers. If you are looking to eat Mexican inside a casino, check out Guadalajara in Sunset Station and Boulder Station, or Willy & Jose's in Sams Town.
2	Cheap margaritas, good service but 0 for the FOOD!!! Salty, salty, salty and not good. Horrible Mexican food. Enough said. The chips were good though....green salsa, red salsa and BEANS!!!It wasn't the waiter/waitress' fault for the taste...they exchanged my friend's meal twice free of charge! Thanks management!
3	This is a restaurant that is easy to describe, but hard to write any length about. It's your standard thumbs up Mexican fare.  The chips and salsa come with three different types of salsa: red, green, and refried beans.  The taste is as expected.  I had the ceviche, listed as an appetizer, but enough for a meal for me, that wasn't the typical fish only, theirs included shrimps and scallops.  It's tasty, but again, as expected.  Of course, I sampled the dishes the rest of my party ordered, and the rice, the beans, the fajita - all of them were good, but as expected.  They have a limited early bird dinner selection, which would save you  a dollar or two off ordering a similar item off the regular menu.  All in all, a satisfying meal, and not too bad on the pocketbook. And it's conveniently located inside the Orleans casino.
3	get the nachos or the fajitas they are good  staff is nice drinks are good
1	One of our party members ended up biting into a thin metal wire found in a bowl of their soup. They punctured their gum. Police and medical had to come out. Responding first responders were concerned about infections. After all that, restaurant management still made us pay the full bill. Food was not that great to begin with and after biting into a metal wire causing a potential infection? Comp the bill, restaurant night manager - especially since the rest of our party's food was cold because it sat there while medics did their job.
