4	This place overlooks the US National Whitewater Center's main activity area. It is an absolutely gorgeous view come sunset and perfect on Thursday nights during the summer when they have free live entertainment. I have been to the USNWC before but never ate at this place. It did not disappoint, we had quick seating and service. They had a nice beer selection---not overbearing like some other places and the prices weren't too high. My group had an appetizer of fried pickles with ranch dipping sauce which was great (you really cant go wrong with that) I had the Apple Walnut Chicken Salad -Marinated grilled chicken atop spring mix with apples, crumbled bleu cheese and candied walnuts with Balsamic Vinaigrette Fantastic salad! It was very refreshing and the candied walnuts added a nice sweet touch to contrast the apples. And I am all for any kind of crumbled cheese! I was looking at the hummus plate but needed something cool and refreshing and this hit the spot! I definitely recommend this place, the service was good, food was great and you cannot beat the location. Go on a Thursday or Saturday night during the summer and there is live music and you can hang around after and just chill. So happy Charlotte has this place!
4	This place is pricey, but considering it is the only restaurant in the USNWC complex and it has great views of the rapids I'm willing to part with a few dollars.  The beer selection is surprisingly large and the food was great as well.  The fried pickles were a hit with my group.  We went on Sat night and watched some of the live music going on.  The service was a little slow, but otherwise I had a pleasant time.
3	Eh, its just okay. Most "theme" parks usually don't impress with the food, but the River's Edge is almost, almost an exception to that norm. The food is actually decent, but the service is a little s l o w. While prices are in line with other theme parks, the beer selection is pretty impressive. They offer everything from Fat Tire on tap to PBR tall boys. Burgers are decent; good quality patty and veggies, but nothing special and excessively tasty. Mac n cheese is pretty good. It isn't traditional southern mac n cheese, rather curly noodles topped with some type of extra cheesy white cheddar sauce. Kinda like mac n cheese nachos if you will.The best part about the grill though is the location...but I guess that's a gimme. =)
4	This restaurant is a very pleasant surprise. I have been to more than a few restaurants which are exclusive to a site, and the food produced is overpriced, canned rotework.Not here. The food tasted fresh, and while it was pricey for what was casual food, the location and the execution sold me. One hummus appetizer (which was beloved at the table), four entrees, one bottle of wine and three beers added up to $80. In the great scheme of things, maybe this wasn't pricey after all.Those of you who love beer will appreciate the number of tap lines in the bar. From the mainstream to the obscure, there is something for anyone who fancies a beer with their food.A great place to spend time with family and friends in a unique setting. The dress can be very casual if you like. There is nothing in Uptown, Ballantyne or elsewhere which matches this experience.
4	Stopped by River's Edge for some lunch while out adventuring at the USNWC.  Again, I really enjoyed my food and my buddies did too.  Pricey, yes - but still delicious.  I had a Cuban sandwich and sweet potato fries which were delicious.  I sampled some of my friend's bean, beef and beer chili and also was pleased.  Be warned that it has some after-spice.  My other friend got a salad and finished it all as well.  Great spot!
4	So often at places that are self-contained, the food is terrible and overpriced because they have a ravenous captive audience. (Hello, Carowinds? That comment was aimed at you. Step it up and stop serving three raggedy hamburgers made from the worst part of the cow and an order of deep fried chicken lips disguised as real food all for forty bucks. It's just wrong.) At the U.S. National Whitewater Center in Charlotte, the River's Edge Bar & Grill is a refreshing option overlooking the rapids and climbing rock there.Indoor and outdoor seating in the lodge-like building is comfortable and staffed by competent and an uber obliging servers. A daily rotation of craft beers and selections from a surprisingly impressive menu that favors healthy and fresh options are abundant. Said options are great for athletes participating in the myriad of activities at the Whitewater Center, and for those who are athletic in the "show up for the free Thursday night summertime River Jam concerts" kind of way. Standouts on the menu include The Hawfield and Apple Walnut Chicken Salads, Black Betty Burger, and the Pulled Chipotle Chicken Sandwich. All of the menu options are priced fairly and worth the cost, and considering the Whitewater Center isn't exactly centrally located for most Charlotteans, it is so worth the trip try some tree top zip lining or whitewater rafting worthy of U.S. Olympian training, and then hunker down on the deck for a brew and a nosh in a venue that is such a boon to Charlotte and the surrounding areas in so many ways. N.B.: Parking is five dollars per vehicle even if you are just coming by to walk the free trails or dine at the restaurant, and there really isn't another option to deposit a car nearby.This has caused discord among many who visit the venue; however, it is a nominal fee for the opportunity to spend time at such a unique venue in the area.
4	Had a couple of experiences here a the USNWWC.  The majority of them was just having a tall beer after a rough day of trail running.  My last visit involved ordering food so that's why I'm finally reviewing this place.I had the hummus wrap and sweet potato fries.  Awesome wrap made out of freshly cut veggies and flavorful hummus.  The fries were a bit indulgent, but good (they are waffle style).The servers and staff are friendly enough, though some seem to rather young and spacey.    I can only imagine how much fun having a job here would be during the summers with friends.  Take care of your customers first, then socialize (is my motto).... especially if I'm one of those customers!!!  Overall this bar and grill works great with the WWC.  Love the fact you can sit outside and be all sweaty.... I have yet to go inside yet, but I'll save that for a day that I am not drenched in sweat (which will probably be never).
3	Chubby or Skinny?Those are your choices for the 'Fat Tire' draught beer at this water side watering hole.Take a break  and enjoy a cold brew. The Fat Tire is a Belgium style brew which is very refreshing after a day of white water rafting.The Skinny is 16oz's ...the Chubby upgrades you to 24 oz's of brewed goodness in a clear 'take me home' plastic cup.You get a great view of the 1,200 foot zip line as zippers speed over the white water below.They also have a nice outside deck for those who enjoy a breath of fresh air with their 'Chubby'.
4	I never would have thought this place to have such good food but it does.  I tried the Cuban here and it was stupendous!  I loved it, fresh, hot and yummy in my tummy.  Outside of this particular sandwich, they also do a chicken or pork bowl that's basically corn, black beans and shredded chicken or pork mixed with rice.  Very healthy choices are abound on the menu and there is no lack of choices in general.  The best thing about this place is that if the weather is cooperating you can take your food out to the expansive patio and watch all the rafting, zip lining and rock climbing activities going on right around the place.
4	What a pleasant surprise ... healthy alternatives, amazing beer selection and great views of the whitewater course.  We had some sweet potato waffle fries which were done nicely but topped with way too much salt.  Entrees included rare ahi tuna wrap and a brisket cheese steak.  The aioli with sundried tomatoes was marvelous!
4	It's not like there's really a choice of sustenance when you're hungry at the Whitewater Park...but the River's Edge makes a good effort anyhow. I've eaten here a handful of times and they seem to be hit or miss on their fries, but the food is always pretty good.Okay...so I almost always get a pimento cheeseburger...but they make a pretty good one. My wife gets a sandwich that mixes brisket and pulled pork. It's pretty dern good. My kids like the peanut butter and marshmallow fluff sandwiches...and the seasoned fries and sweet potato fries are pretty good when they're good.What I like most about the River's Edge Bar and Grill...is the beer selection they have on tap. You can expect at least ten different quality micro-brews and seasonal beers. I just had a remarkable Oktoberfest beer by Foothills while enjoying some fried pickles.Try: The pimento cheeseburger and a Dale's Pale AleAvoid: Ordering Miller Lite with so many great beers on tap
5	Finished up a ride on the mt bike and headed over to the restaurant to grab a bite.  I did not set my expectations to high.  I was blown away at how good the food was.  The service was great, and the tall Blue Moon hit the spot.  I can't wait to go back. There are so many restaurants these days that are fair at best.  It is nice to know that there are still places to go where they really care about what they do, and have a great product.
4	We visited the White Water Center and had an early dinner here this past weekend. We were pretty exhausted and dehydrated from waiting an hour and a half for the zip lining and walk back. We decided to sit indoors. It took a while for someone to wait on us. I was underwhelmed with our waiter as he slow to wait on us, nor did he check to see if our food was okay after the runner brought it out. I didn't receive any dressing for my salad but someone else stopped by and got some for me. Our food and the other staff made up for our waiter's lack of attentiveness though. I had the chipotle chicken burrito with a side salad. The ingredients in the burrito and salad were super fresh. The burrito was delicious and really hit the spot. My friend got a different chicken wrap, which she really liked. The prices were really reasonable, as well. Our entrees were around 10 bucks each. I wouldn't mind coming here again one evening to just hang out on the patio and watch people raft while having a good meal.
4	I really enjoy this restaurant.  We have a season pass to the Whitewater Center and enjoy coming here after some good physical activities.  They have an AWESOME draft beer selection with the majority being NC brews.  They also have an extended selection in bottles.  The beers are always changing around and it's awesome to grab a 24 oz. microbrew for $6.  The food has always been very good.  I usually get the chili and my girl gets one of the salads.  The chili is really good and they put a nice dollop of pimiento cheese on top.  I start salivating when I think about it..and it's just chili.  The salad she gets is made with a good spring mix, not that iceburg BS.  She gets it topped with grilled tuna and it's just amazing.  She usually doesn't finish it, so that's why I always get the chili, it's cheap and I always get to put the rest of hers down.  I love being the garbage disposal of the relationship.  There's nothing better than trail running, kayaking, grabbing a great beer & food while watching folks flip out of the rafts on one of the bigger rapids of the park!
2	The food is excellent.  Plenty of options from big burgers to salads and everything in between.  The two female bartenders are attentive, nice, and bust their humps to make sure everyone in their service is happy.  However, I have never had good service anywhere but at the bar.  Not once.  The wait-either to get a table or to receive our food-is always something along the lines of the entire cretaceous period. What is boils down to is that if you can get seated and get your food delivered hot, this place is great.  That can be a real challenge though.  The kitchen is undersized for the volume that comes through so the hostesses, servers, and all the other front line staff are constantly overwhelmed.  The hostesses are generally kind of clueless as well, which does not help.  Friends have managed to seat themselves in the midst of a "two hour+ wait" by simply plopping down at an empty table more than once.  If you are eating here it is probably because you are visiting the WWC, so all I can say is plan your food consumption during your visit to avoid peak times and you will probably have a solid, three star dining experience at a reasonable price point.  Come during the rush and prepare to be miserable.One last thing.  The beers on tap are always very well thought out and tasty.  They usually have local microbrews in addition to good ole standbys like Bells Two Hearted and Fat Tire as well as a very healthy selection of bottled beers.  The prices are pretty normal for a bar and the selection cant be beaten, short of places like the Pizza Peel and the Flying Saucer.  Probably this places biggest redeeming quality.
3	If you have never been to the US National Whitewater Center, it is definitely worth a visit. The place is HUGE and offers an array of fun outdoor activities including a man-made whitewater course that is used to train hopeful Olympic kayakers, zip lines, obstacle courses, a huge rock wall, flatwater kayaking in the Catawba river, mountain biking and more. My stepdaughter recently spent a week at the Center's day camp and loved it - definitely the best day camp I have ever come across for active and adventurous kids!A nice surprise is that there is a decent restaurant on site: River's Edge Bar & Grill is right by the whitewater course and offers a surprisingly diverse menu for this kind of place. Even if you aren't up to taking on the outdoor activities, you can come walk around and have a meal. There is a $5 parking fee which I was surprised about since there is plenty of room and you would not come there for any other reason! Concerts are offered frequently and there is a special July 4 celebration as well.While attending the summer camp orientation we decided to check out the restaurant. I tried the tree hugger salad, below and enjoyed its Green Goddess dressing and roasted vegetables. The burrito was nothing special - kind of dry as was the hummus - but still better than what you usually get at a place where food is not the main objective. There are lots of things we didn't try - salmon, tuna and pasta are offered entrees and a multitude of sandwiches, other salads and appetizers are available as well. There are many vegetarian and vegan items. All in all, after a day of fun in the sun, River's Edge is a decent place to relax and take in the scenery.
4	This place is awesome. Obviously it's at the US National Whitewater Center, an olympic training center with all sorts of cool stuff going on. The restaurant has  shaded outdoor seating where you can watch rafts and kayaks go down the rapids. Factor in that it's going  to cost you 5 dollars to park, not a big deal but keep it in mind. I had a burger with sweet tea and both were very good. Mom had a chicken wrap that was also very good. Sis is a vegetarian and she had something she liked I honestly forget what but she was happy. The waffle cut sweet potato fries and the roasted vegetables are not to be  missed. The service was fast and friendly, they were very happy to pack us up some tea to go.  So yeah go check it out have some lunch and ride the zip line or walk on the trails. We didn't do any of that stuff because .. you know... HEAT but it all looked like fun as we ate lunch.
1	Probably one of the worst restaurants in Charlotte. No Joke. The service is horrible. Bad attitude, not helpful and lazy. The food tastes like cheap frozen boxes.. The view is great, but don't eat there.
2	Meh, my husband and I weren't impressed at all. I had the Orchard Chicken Sandwich with Sweet Potato fries. They were both room temp which just sucks. The sandwich had great flavor but needed more of the elements, not enough caramelized onions or apples. Husband liked Cowboy burger but seasoned fries were way over the top on seasoning. Good service, great atmosphere, bleh quality. If the quality was stepped up to excellence they'd have something great going!
4	I felt bad for our server who was wearing dark blue polyester on a 90 degree day.  They all looked like they were melting in the sun.But the hostess was honest about the wait time, drinks were served fast and cold.  And the food was great when it finally arrived.  In summer it can get pretty packed so it helps to have patience.  If you're going to sit outside you better have sunscreen.  There's good people working here and it's a great time out at the Whitewater Center.
3	Foods ok. Bit expensive. There is a walkin cafe right to the right that is better without the wait.
4	If you go by the rules at USNWC, then you know that you cannot bring in any food or drink on the property. Well, that makes bank for River's Edge! For the only restaurant on site (even though they have a couple sandwiches-to-go stations, it's pretty good. I've eaten here a couple times and both times I've been pleasantly surprised with the menu offerings and the tastiness of the food. They offer very good veggie burgers. Great place to fill up your tank before heading for the white water!
4	Great little spot to watch all the zip liners and white water rafters. It also has a pretty nice and reasonable menu that's pleasing to all. You can get a big juicy burger and fries or a really amazing tofu sandwich with smoked coconut on it ( I love this sandwich, soooo good).
2	Didn't have the best experience here. The waiter was slow and absent most of the meal. I got the black Betty burger (a veggie burger), and it was yuck! I usually have pretty low standards to begin with when ordering a veggie burger (will never be as good as meat), but this thing was just bad. The consistency was all mush... Sweet potato fries were good though... So that's something. Great for beers after hiking and doing all the water sports! So food, not so great (at least the meal I had), but awesome location for a bar.
5	Great service and great food.  We had salmon and peel and eat shrimp and both were wonderful.  The service was quick and friendly with great attention to our needs.  Our first trip here but not our last
1	Seriously drives me crazy, there is so much potential here, but!!! Every time, horrible service, very disorganized... We have a 45 minute wait for a 2 top, but then people who get here 30 min after us sit right down... This place needs to get there act together!
2	Exceptionally frustrating place - so much potential and great location but consistently falls down on execution.Tried to go there during a beautiful late-winter sunny day. Stopped by at 1:30 pm and was told it was a 45 minute wait. . .full disclosure, I hate waiting for a table but couldn't figure out why they were so packed. Turns out that the management team decided to renovate the entire interior during the busiest weekend in the last three months! There literally was no inside seating option, no take-out options, nothing. . .And, this wasn't the first time that this has happened! We ended up driving out of the center and went to Belmont for lunch.On top of it all, I overheard another family venting about how they waited 45 minutes for their meal (and I've had that also happened!). At the end of the day, it doesn't matter how good the location is if the service and food don't meet a normal expectation.They really need to get experienced restaurant operators there who know how to deal with crowds and manage a brewpub-style place. Maybe reach an agreement with Duckworths or the Liberty team to have them take it over???
2	I've been here close to a dozen times.  They seem to have changed the menu since last summer, and instead of fresh, cooked-to-order options, have gone with more prepackaged garbage.For example, yesterday I ordered the Black Bean burger, which used to be a delicious homemade patty that was full of fresh ingredients, and homemade guacamole.  Instead, I got a (formerly) frozen black bean patty and some kind of liquified guacamole that must have come out of a tube.My friend ordered fish tacos, a new item on the menu, and the salmon appeared to also be (formerly) frozen with painted on grill marks.  I was very disappointed.The beer selection continues to be outstanding, though the prices appeared to go up a significant amount over the past winter as well.Very disappointing.  The staff is always friendly, but the food has just gone downhill in the past year.  If there were other options at the whitewater center, I'd seek them out, but alas, it's the only choice.
2	I went here for the first time on Saturday. I was told there was a beer fest at the center that day, but this isn't a new thing they've had going on. I've been to the beer tastings before but never ate at the Grill. First off, an hour to an hour and 15min wait is the craziest thing I have ever heard. More so since the inside tables had only 3 parties actually sitting at them. When I asked about the tables the hostess said that all the other tables had been reserved for other parites, but no one was coming into the grill to actually sit down for their reservation. I just didn't really understand what was going on there. So we sat outside and drank our beer and peaced out, I won't ever wait an hour for glorified bar food. thats nuts, I say no reservations for this spot, first come first serve, might make people move faster! I just really didn't understand why it could have taken an hour or so to get service.
2	We were there yesterday for the festivities (July 3) and most of the food was sub-par. My brother got fried pickles which were soggy.  Three of us got the dill potato salad...holy bland!  My husband got the turkey wrap and he said it was pretty blah. I got the Cuban...I never send food back but I had no choice. The sandwich had no sauce, and it was cold. It was like someone pulled it from the refrigerator and put it on the plate. The turkey and pork tasted like it was 6 days left over. The redo sandwich was warm and had a thousand island dressing, better but the ciabatta bread was not pressed or grilled and the meat still tasted like it was old. My daughter's pepperoni pizza was awesome!  I'll get that next time. My brother did enjoy his fish tacos.  I also found it was ridiculous they were not allowing kid snacks into the park. There isn't a lot to offer in the park for little ones and not to mention lines were 20-30 deep. Not cool!
1	I will give the whitewater center 5 stars easy. But this may have been one of the worst experiences at a restaurant I've ever had. We order food and it came out promptly (a little to quick actuslly). Was interesting because I thought oh it will be nice and hot. Wrong! With exception of chix tenders for my daughter everything was incorrect and sides were wrong. Oh and it was all cold. We sent it back. Came out again and it was all wrong again! I was done at this point but my friend was starving and wanted to eat her hamburger but the guy already took it and put a plate on top of hamburger. When my friend said "wait I still want" it he took the plate off the hamburger and gave it back. At this point I was just blown away. The guy looked at me with snarky condescending voice and "oh well what do you want?" ( I am not exaggerating on this btw). At this point I asked for a Mgr because that was just beyond the sh#$ list for me. I watched the server multiple times tell his Mgr. He would look over at us then just mope around the restaurant talking to the female servers. 3 times the server asked him to come by or do sonething. FINALLY I had to track my server down and tell sorry man at this point  I am not paying for anything. (Which was fair because it all came out wrong and cold twice).The only thing  that came out even remotely correct was the bottle of magic hat #9.I probably wouldn't have written this but the thing with the Mgr pushed me over the edge.Now I have worked in restaurants for about 15 years so I'd like to think I know a little bit about service and this was some of the worst I've ever had. I NEVER write reviews but I'm a HUGE fan of the white water center and feel the need to say something. If you want to just sell crappy bar food then do t try to make so fancy. Oh and cheddar cheese on fish tacos with salmon as the fish? Thats a serious wtf? Scale the menu down and execute the food better because I have had 10 times better food in a hole in the wall bar.PS I still tipped my waiter since the Mgr thing was not his fault.
2	Albeit we ate here during River Jam on a Thursday, but our table had all kinds of problems primarily with the food.  The pulled pork sandwich didn't come with everything the menu described, the burger was dry, and the chicken nachos were fine but difficult to mess up.  This is really the only place for a 'sit-down dining' experience at the Whitewater Center, but most of us don't come for that so don't expect much if you have to eat there.  I feel bad for the server as it wasn't his fault, and he did keep apologizing.  For them, it was easier to keep bringing us our beers and hope we forget about the food quality.
4	Surprisingly good for pretty much the only food option on premise. Other surprise, it was relatively healthy options too! I kinda just guessed it would be all fried foods, maybe because it's the south, sorry I'm assuming. I got the Portobello Sandwich with peppers, onions,balsamic on a wheat roll. See, they even upped the ante with a wheat bun! And it was good! The basil green beans were an excellent choice to round out my healthy meal!Now back to sweating it out on the rope course! Crap, let's sweat out that beer I had too... whoops!
5	Was here for dinner and then the live music last week. We had about 15 in our group. They got us seated pretty quick considering our group size and the fact they were packed. I enjoyed the chicken Cesar salad and Lesley said the salmon BLT was great. Jake did an excellent job as our server, keeping our drinks full and the cold beer flowing. Recommend if you want a casual dinner with an enjoyable patio to relax on after you eat. We will be back!
1	Food is terrible and extremely bland.  Blah.  We've tried several times just hoping we had caught them on a bad day.  Nope.  It really is that bad.  They have a captive audience and maybe that's why the WWC tries to do as little as possible to resemble a real restaurant.   Also, the wine pours are a joke.  Their wine could be served in a shot glass.
