4	An excellent boutique hotel, this (and its sister in Toronto) is the only place I stay when in Montreal.  The lobby is a dark and moody with a big fireplace (real wood!), a welcome sight when checking in late at night in the winter.  Service is efficient and exceptional.  Tastefully appointed rooms, an excellent shower and comfortable beds with goose down comforters will make your stay a pleasant one.Complimentary breakfast is served on the mezzanine level.  Wireless Internet and bottle water is also free.  Although I have used neither, there is concierge, as well as a local car service.
5	This is one sexy hotel. From the second you walk up to the building it's service, service, service here. The lobby is dark and cozy with a real wood fireplace and leather seating for while you wait for your rental car to be brought around by the valet.My room wasn't exactly spacious but it didn't feel cramped. The design of the rooms is very modern. Lots of clean lines, simple decor, and everything is very thought through. When I walked into the room I was greeted with music playing, a nice touch. There was a good size wall unit with space to hang everything I needed and stow everything out of sight. It was cool to see the ironing board was built into the unit and just folded out when needed. Probably the best little nuance of the room was that there was an umbrella. It was raining the weekend I was there so it came in handy the one night I went out.The bathroom was very nice. It had the sexiest shower I've ever seen. The shower is essentially in the middle of the room and is glass on two sides. So you're able to see who ever is showering whether you're in the bathroom or the bedroom area of the room. There is blinds that you can close on the bedroom side it you're looking for some privacy.For this particular visit I came with some co-workers the day before a big presentation. The VP had booked a suite so we would have space to work while we put the final touches on our presentation. Unfortunately the suite we were in had temperature issues. It was hot the whole time we were trying to work. After getting someone to come look at the thermostat three times the VP asked to be switched to another room. When he came back from the front desk we were being upgraded to the presidential suite at no extra charge. That's what I call great customer service.The presidential suite is huge as you would probably guess. It has a small kitchen, two living areas, bedroom, two bathrooms, closet area, and is spread out on two floors. There is a real wood fireplace but it didn't seem to be in working order. There is a full entertainment unit with a large flat screen TV and surround sound system.The continental breakfast that is included with your stay is not worth missing. It's more than your average continental breakfast. They have a large array of pastries, cereal, fruit, and some hot options as well. You won't leave hungry from this hotel.
5	Montreal will always have a special spot in my heart and Hotel Le Germain, by suggestion, will be remembered for creating a scene.  It may be my love of dark accented in leather.  Or it could be the hot split shower where your water works voyeuristic needs are perfectly executed.  Perfect for pleasure seekers....I like display.  Put it right in front of my face.  Then we'll check out.
5	I loved this hotel. High ceilings, and a spacious, stylish room. I kept telling my partner... I like this... I like this... and then this.Clean lines, hyper modern rooms with a split shower, where, if an interested party wanted to voyeristically watch you bathe, they could do so, while laying on a very comfortable bed. And if you aren't so keen on goose down, they have alternate bedding available upon request.The service was stellar. More towels? 5 minutes you're swimming in towels. You want a ride to the train? Here is our fancy Audi we'll take you over. You want free wifi? Here you go. You want to come back to a room with a bottle of ice wine, soft music and lit up by little floating candles? No problem.The included "continental breakfast" wasn't bad either. Not the vegan friendliest of places obviously, but they had fruit, coffee jams, peanut butter, and DIY toast your own bread station. They have almond milk sometimes,  but not during the time we were there, but I appreciated that the server tried to hunt some down for me.I loved all the little details.  I also loved how close it was to the Metro and bixi stands, art galleries, and copious amounts of patios.
5	This was my second encounter with Le Germain, the other being in Quebec City, and it was as great as the first. This is my standard for a hotel. It isn't big but it has personality and detailed service. Anytime I'm in Canada, Le Germain earned my business.Breakfast was included in our room as well as wifi which is really nice because I hate being nickle and dimed at places. The breakfast was good enough, nothing made to order but the choices they have are suitable. Nice bread, nice coffee, fruit, yogurt... etc. Not your Days Inn continental breakfast for sure.Rooms are fantastic. High celings, closets, big shower, water closet, flat screen TV, GREAT bed, nice furniture, modern lighting. Concierge service was good, picked a great restaurant for us to go to.My only complaint would be the TV channel choices and definition because it was very grainy but I wasn't there to watch TV.
5	This place is a fabulous little gem in Montreal. The rooms are chic and perfectly minimalistic. I love the detail of the full glass wall in our bathroom that made the room seem much more ample. The staff here was so pleasant and helpful. The front desk helped us pick the best night spots and shopping spots. The location is really close to all the restaurants and bars. In fact when i asked for a cab one of the hotel valets was not busy and drove me to the restaurant with a hotel vehicle! The breakfast here was also delicious. I have stayed both here and at the W and found my stay here much more pleasant. While both are on par status wise i found Le Germain more appealing and relaxed. Of course the W offers more of an exterior wow factor and a trendy bar on site. But overall my experience at Le Germain more pleasant. I definitely recommend it!
3	We stayed here for a weekend.  It doesn't compare to its sister hotel in Toronto which is very slick and lovely.  In Montreal, we were four in a room but kept having to call for more towels because the set up for two people.  We registered as 4!  The biggest disappointment was the complementary breakfast.  When we got to the dining room, there were lots of dirty tables.  The buffet was out of certain dishes.  By the time someone ungraciously cleaned a table for us, there were no plates left at the buffet!!   Didn't make sense why a hotel of this stature doesn't have staff to assure there's plenty of clean tables and plates?  The staff treated seemed annoyed with us for creating extra work.   The bed and lobby and staff were fine.  But since there's lots of hotels in Montreal,  I'll stay somewhere else next time.
4	Charming boutique hotel in the heart of Montreal.Nice personable service but what really shines is its slick design. The rooms are a perfect use of space (never understood the need for giant hotel rooms), with a glass shower stall surrounded in wood slats that really makes the room seem airy and light. They do a great job with little details, like housekeeping turning the radios to classical music so you are greeted with quiet music playing when you return to your room to fantastic Molton Brown products (giant bottles!) in the bathroom. I also appreciated the proper power bar in the wall at the desk, which allowed me to plug in my ever growing collections of devices without needing to unplug a lamp/radio. Free, EASILY ACCESSED (take note other hotels) WIFI made it all the more enjoyable.It was a nice bed, but my giant head crushed the feather pillows. I must remember to inquire about a memory foam pillow like I have at home when I visit a hotel. Great cool place to stay when you are visiting Montreal.
5	A wonderful gem of a hotel. Found it by accident when our other choices were booked, and I'm glad we did.Close to many wonderful things downtown in walking distance and via the nearby metro, with a helpful concierge (who did the impossible and found us a great restaurant on Thanksgiving night!). Very nice vibe, peaceful and private. Lots of nice touches in the decor, far more beautiful inside than the brutalist edifice would suggest. Some confusion when the Francophone housekeeper would come by in the evening to give us more (complementary!) water and ice, but we figured it out eventually. I am surprised that the breakfast is getting bad reviews. We thought it was wonderful. Tasty croissants, delicious jams, cold cuts, traditional cretons, omelette, juice, plenty of coffee. I only wish there was a mini-fridge to put goodies in for lunch from the Jean-Talon market.Would definitely return!
4	On the outside the Hotel Le Germain is an ugly concrete box, the kind of eye sore that stands out in contrast to the beautiful architecture throughout Montreal. But as we've all learned, it's what is on the inside that counts. On the inside is a great modern, boutique hotel. There's an European-style espresso machine in the lobby. The rooms are a mix of concrete and wood, the minimal styling makes them feel spacious and chic. The staff are friendly and helpful. The croissants in the complimentary breakfast are pretty good too.The Le Germain is located in the heart of the Centre-ville area, which isn't the most exciting area once the sun sets, but let's be real, Montreal is a safe walking city, so the hotel is actually quite convenient to wherever you want to go. The hotel is right across the street from McGill, a short walk from either the Peel or McGill Metro stations and a Bixi dock.
5	VIBE Smart. Sophisticated. Modern. Love it! The location is fantastic - just above Ste. Catherine near the Simon's department store so if you're a shopper, this is ideally located to the main shopping district of Ste. Catherine but you can also hop on the metro up to the main. Concierge and service are spot-on. THE ROOM The room is GREAT. First, we need to talk about the bed because after a long train ride, there's nothing better than having a nice, long sleep on a good bed. And this bed is GOOD. I really appreciated the fact that there are plugs and shelving units on each side of the beds (I was in a double) for wireless devices (smartphones, etc.). Others have mentioned umbrellas. I liked the water. (More than one bottle please for future reference.) Other little things like the fact that they sent me a jar of cookies and a thank you note go a long way. Bathroom is great - another piece of attention to detail as the actual toilet has its own door and feels separate from within the batrhoom. The shower has a blind as well to the glass window facing the room. Great shower and towels. THE RESTAURANT The buffet breakfast is just like the hotel - smart, simple and modern. No fuss. No muss. And a big applause for this being included in the room rate because at other hotels, it's not (and it's expensive!). Laurie Raphael is a whole other review but I think it's one of the most underrated restaurants in the city. You can get a phenomenal three-course prix fixe here and all of the courses are a surprise! So if you're an adventurous eater, this is ideal. Again, service is spot-on and bilingual (as always). OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK If you want a splurgey, sexy Montreal hotel this is one of my top picks.
5	Eleven of us stayed at Le Germain for a long weekend birthday celebration. Truly one of the best hotel experiences we have had.  The rooms were beautiful and well appointed. The breakfast (included with the rooms) was very good and much better than your standard American continental breakfast. The real star though, was Andre, the hotel's expert concierge.  He was instrumental in planning activities and making arrangements for us. He recommended amazing restaurants. ALL of the doormen and front desk staff were equally as friendly and happy to help with anything we needed. We put Andre and the rest of the staff through a lot, but they always remained cheerful and happy to assist. This will be the only hotel I will stay at when I am in Montreal. Andre, I hope you never leave Le Germain.
5	One of the best hotel experiences I've ever had! I stayed one night for a business trip at Hotel Le Germain in downtown Montreal this past Wednesday night, and everything from the service to the room was literally impeccable. I pack almost always way too light for trips, so of course I would forget a toothbrush, toothpaste, and some lotion. I called the front desk, and they were at my door step within 2 minutes with a plentiful of each said item. The room was super modern, and although not particularly large, was overly compensated with the well thought out and purposeful design and attention to detail. The blinds on the floor to floor windows match the blinds that separate the bathroom from the bedroom - and there is a separate door for the actual toilet itself, which is a nice touch ;). And omg, don't get me started on the towels... I could swim in them... They're literally like 90000000 thread count, if that's even possible.The room is made with mixed mediums of wood, concrete, and marble. The feel is so goddamn sexy and modern. I feel sexy just sitting there staring at my phone. Also, free contential breakfast one level above the lobby ain't half bad!! Highly recommended, and will def come back the next time I'm in Montreal.
4	Nice Spacious Rooms and good customer service. The doorman would literally run to open the door for us. There were mints on the pillows and a curtain so you could see into the bathroom (just kinda weird....). The toilet was also in its own private little avant-garde stall in the bathroom. Beds were very comfy. Breakfast was good as well with a nice continental flair. Good location as well, right in the heart of downtown and a nice walk away from the Musee deu Beaux Arts.
