4	I was so pleased with Mesa Ped today.  My 9 year old daughter woke up fevering, complaining of ear and neck pain, etc.  I called Mesa Peds and they got us in right away, even as a new patient.  As soon as we arrived, we were greeted by a pleasant receptionist, given the standard forms and sat down.  I hadn't even finished filling the forms out before we were called back - not even 5 minutes.  Whoa, I think that's a first!  My only complaint would be that at this point, the nurse who checked my daughters vitals was very standoffish, and didn't comfort my daughter in the least as she was crying.  I told the nurse that she was nervous because she hasn't had to see a Dr in years and her only response was, "oh."  She didn't engage me or my daughter at all, in fact, she never even introduced herself or made eye contact.  Luckily our time with her was short!  We were brought into an examination room to wait for the Dr.  Again, not more than 2-3 minute wait.  Dr. Haley was kind, gentle, thorough and engaging.  She explained everything that she was going to do and then again as she was doing it.  She talked to my daughter, explained what was going on and talked to me about treatment.  Overall, it was a good experience.  I'm telling you, I can't think of the last time that I was in and out of ANY medical office that fast!
1	Dr Wong refused to give me an emergency script for my son's ADHD meds on a Saturday, after his psychiatrist screwed up mailing the script to me. We (parents) were leaving town on business & didn't want to leave my son with caregivers while he was off his meds - cold turkey no less!  I offered to bring in his current empty bottle, to prove what dose he was on, etc.  She didn't call me back, and I finally got the receptionist to tell me that Dr Wong, "Wasn't comfortable with that." ?!?!And guess what? Son got distracted leaving school, forgot where he was supposed to go, & ended up going missing!  This screwed up our whole sales presentation that we had traveled to another state for, bc we had to cancel it mid-stream & go into emergency mode to try to find him from far away. He could have DIED because of her negligence (he was found on the street, lost, several hours later, BTW). And his new ped?  Told me that refusing a few days of emergency pills was CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE and that I should file a medical board complaint. I also was overbilled by them, bc they forgot to bill our secondary insurance, and my hubby didn't know what the deal was and paid the $50 they demanded. I never got that money back, BTW.
1	We started going to mesa peds when my daughter was born. When she was 3 months we were told she needed to see an eye doctor because she still occasionally got cross eyed. She referred us to "her friend" who, when we went to see, had no idea why she'd send us because her eye development is normal. Okay fine, I get being careful but that was $180 out of pocket. So we just chose to switch to someone else in the office. At first this woman seemed on the ball, except every time I went in it was like we were new patients. She didn't remember anything about my daughters history. She's ask questions and I'd be baffled I needed to explain them again. At this point I was thinking about switching based on the lack of personal connection we were making with her. My daughter was one at this point. She's always had trouble with constipation and so almond milk was recommended. I had done some research and read that she wouldn't get all the nutrients she needed from it, but our ped argued that she would get plenty, so I chose to go with her word over the Internet. The last straw was taking my daughter in thinking she was allergic to something (she'd been itching and rubbing her face vigorously for days). I was brushed off and told to get her eye drops because she probably just had something in her eye. I called a new pediatrician the next day and we are now awaiting results of a food allergy scan and finding a supplement to go with her almond milk because her weight is in the 10th percentile from the lack of calories almond milk has.These doctors don't have you or your child's best interest in mind. They're just skating through making half the effort of a real pediatrician.
1	Mesa peids was fine while my son was a healthy infant. If you have anything outside the norm I'd say go elsewhere. My son is now 13. I've had him in for excessive headaches and vision problems multiple times since he was 7. I was told to give him aspirin and reminded to make sure he washes his hands (?).  The doctors are condescending and treat everyone (including parents) like infants. I finally wised up and took my son to my primary care physician who immediately ordered an MRI and referred us to a neurologist. Guess what? The MRI discovered he has chiari malformation, which is causing his headaches. I wish someone at Mesa pieds would have taken us more seriously years ago. When a child has never ending headaches, there's something wrong. It's not growing pains. I regret not seeking a 2nd opinion sooner.
