5	A fun place to get a great workout.  Very clean!
5	I've known Lorel Stevens, one of the trainers for more than 20 years. She's a former Amateur Body Builder truly. Disciplined in the art of transformation.  As a licensed massage therapist and personal trainer she knows how the muscles work and how to get healthy safely. Men or women, you'll love this place.
5	This gym is a hidden gem.  Big.  Clean.  Friendly fellow work-outers.  And most importantly, NOT CROWDED.    The only reason I found this place was because my trainer, Mike, trains here and coincidentally the place is on my route home from work so I really have no excuses not to come.This gym as all the regular big-box gym stuff but in a slightly smaller setting.  You'll see all the same people and friendly owner (Big Joe) almost every time you come.  You'll also never have to wait to use a machine or weight which is nice.  I can't comment on the prices though because I pay my trainer directly but I think they are very reasonable.  If the location of this gym is convenient to you I suggest you give it a try.
5	Hi! I am excited about Big Joe's Little Gym, and I wanted to share that with you. I began working out on February 14, 2014 with Joe, where I met with him for 1/2 hour once a week, and he would write my workouts for the remainder of the week. Even though my workouts were on my own, I was supervised, as he was in the gym working with others. If I needed clarification on doing an exercise, or correction on form, he's there to provide it. I hadn't worked out in several years, and was nervous about injury or soreness. Joe is quick to provide alternate exercises that work the same muscles, when a particular exercise proves too tough to handle at first. You will get results without injury, and just enough soreness that can be handled! In the first month, I lost 17 lbs and about 5 inches total from my hips, waist, and bust. I am now in the "Dirty Thirty" class, which is an intense daily half hour class that concentrates on one muscle group a night. The people in class are fun fun fun! And motivating! Classes are small, but intense. Joe's knowledge of training, and the care he takes with his clients is the best reason to come to this gym. I'm so glad I found this place!
