4	Awesome - I have been going here for about 3 months now. Rose does my nails and I absolutely think she takes the time to do it right. It's nice to know someone takes their time and doesn't rush.A little on the high end - but worth it!
3	Strictly on eyebrow wax service-First time I visited to have my eyebrows done they turned out great- nice and thin. The last few times I've visited they haven't turned out well at all, even though I request them thin as they grow fast. Guess it depends on who does them! Overall, clean store and staff is mostly friendly.
2	Came in to get my eyebrows done since I had not gotten them in a while. I'm new to area so don't know the best place to go. I was at ups store next to it and decided to drop in. Can I say... pricey? Eyebrows turned out ok I guess. Not shape I'm used to and had a couple extra hairs I requested she take off. She seemed a bit annoyed by it but since I'm paying I figure I come out satisfied right? Won't be going again.
1	I would give zero stars if that was an option! Me & my mom came in to get a fill (keep in mind, we JUST moved to AZ last week so we were unfamiliar with the salons) & a woman named Rose did my mothers nails. They turned out amazing. My mom has very sensitive hands & always gets hurt & Rose was amazing. Now when I got my nails done, a women named Tina did them. I grow my nails out very long & always get a gel over lay. For those who are unfamiliar, a gel over lay is just gel on top of my real nails (no tips). So anyways, Tina continuously hurt me but because I was trying to just get it done & over, I tried to keep my mouth shut. Then I asked for a "clean up" underneath because when I paint my nails sometimes the polish doesn't completely come off underneath. She proceeded to drill under my nails until I no longer had any. I was mortified. I understand there was a language barrier, but she had no right to drill them off. Even worse, she wasn't even apologetic. I am beyond disappointed & now I have to cut all my nails off & start over.
