1	I decided to eat here after I got a haircut at Supercuts (4/20/09), which is a couple of doors down from this place. Don't waste your time.First of all, I was not greeted right away when I came in, which is kind of a pet peeve for me. I used to work in retail and customer service, so I know how important it is to greet each and every customer when they come in, regardless of what kind of business it is. I figured since the person at the front was, quite literally, a kid, I'd give him the benefit of the doubt.I ordered my sandwich (egg salad), but even though I was quite clear about what I wanted, they screwed up my order and gave me a turkey sandwich instead. Now, I know it was a mistake that could happen to anyone, but it wasn't busy. So, I gave it back to them and they made my egg salad sandwich, which came with some potatoes that looked and tasted like burnt potato chips if you asked me, and the sandwich was bland and tasteless, but I ate it because I was hungry and had to put something in my stomach. I also had a drink with it, but for $10, I felt I like I wasted my money. I could have gone across the street to Subway and had a better meal for less, which really isn't saying much.Just another mediocre place in Vegas to eat substandard, overpriced food and get lousy service.
4	I eat here at least once a week for lunch.  I recommend only going with a half order unless you are really hungry, the full order is very large.  I usually go with a turkey club or vegas chicken, but their salads are excellent too.  It is a little off the beaten path but if you are in the area, it is a great place for  a quick lunch.
1	I spent a year going to the school (Sierra Nevada College), which is upstairs from this place.  Many of my classmates would go here 2 nights a week to get food.  I found it was overpriced and not tasty enough to spend my money here two nights a week.  So, I would eat there when they had my favorite soup; the tomato basil.  It is awesome soup.  I felt that the owner would intentionally NOT make it on the days I was there.  I was NEVER greeted first when I walked in; I had to do the greeting.  Also, when I left, they NEVER said a simple 'thank you.'  For a hole in the wall, ma and pa deli, you would think they would exert more appreciation to their customers... for we are the ones who will make or break their business. I will probably never go here again, since I don't have class anymore near them.  I would NEVER go out of my way to eat here.
