5	Great little family bakery with great pastry and juices.  The owners are so nice and passionate about what they do.  Can't wait to come back.  Really love their empanadas.
5	I live around the corner from this restaurant and after countless times of passing by decided to stop by for lunch. Best decision ever! I tried all the empanadas ( don't judge me)  and the Cuban sandwich. Everything was delish! The owners are very sweet. So far I love living here in NC. ( moved from California a month ago) I will definitely be back.
3	3 starsI drove all the way down there because of the 5 stars reviews, I figured I could get take out duck right next door at Grand Asia if there was nothing that interested me. I bought Argentine style baked empanadas - there's also Colombian style - one meat and one spinach. They were really good. I also got two small elephant ears, not too sweet and flavored with cinnamon much better than the Mexican bakery at Super G. So that was really OK but I looked around and didn't that much else, particularly not  things I wanted to try. I originally intended to order a Chorizo and/or Morcilla sandwich but changed my mind when I saw the sausages had been precooked and left to soak deep in oil and fat. I'll probably stop by and pick up a little something if I'm in the neighborhood but it's not worth the drive just for that. Those 5 star reviews are well meant I'm sure, but totally unrealistic.
4	Great little spot. We stop in after going to the Y to grab some empanadas, and sometimes they have candy from Venezuela that we love. The people are wonderful....I always feel welcome. Last time I had an arepa sandwich con pollo y avocado. WOW! It was great....When we go to parties and need to bring a dish, we order 20-30 empanadas to take with us....nice presentation, and delicious. Great little place to stop by! Mike and Carolina...
5	I'm Colombian born and raised in Miami, so my review has descent accreditation.  This is by far the best Colombian bakery I have been to outside of Colombia and Miami.  This is a 100% authentic Colombian and Venezuelan bakery. Stuffed arepas are to die for and so are all of the items they have.  Operated by the super friendly owners.  I've lived in Charlotte for one year and have been waiting to find something like this ever since.  This will be my new second home.
5	Amazing little gem in Stallings. I am El Salvadoran and this place has me denouncing pupusas and starting a new religion dedicated to stuffed arepas. My SO had the Cuban sandwich and it was very tasty. Great owners, so nice and hospitable. Great at explaining the menu for the items I was unfamiliar with and suggesting things to try. I will definitely be frequenting this place. I'm in love!
