4	Open Saturday . . . One of the few locations that is.Friendly service and a speedy Drive-Thru!Never any issues for me . . .
1	I opened an account with Arizona Federal just to keep my savings in there. I went in on the day after they had updated their computers. So naturally everything was glitchy and taking longer which I totally get and understand. Anyways I put a substantial amount of money in my savings. I had the account for about 4 months and need to take out $100 dollars. It was 6pm on a Friday so I went threw the ATM. It says account 0.00 savings 0.00! I was so freaked out I mean this is my largest savings account! I called the number on the back of my card and NO one would help. Everyone's response was its after hours we can access your account on Monday. Are you kidding me?! I won't be able to sleep till Monday! So since it is after "business hours" you can't let me know if my money was stolen or what the heck is going on? I literally got transferred to 10 different people. Finally I didn't let this lady get off the phone till she helped me. It turned out the lady who set up my account put me under a "special savings" so it's not something you can access threw an ATM. Why couldn't anyone help me with this information? And they were so rude! Anyways I'm going to take all my money out because that is just ridiculous what if it was stolen!
2	I usually have top notch service with AZFCU.  Not today :( I went through the drive thru. Needing to withdraw some cash & grab a check book register (yes I am that girl who still balances a check book) & I like to get $2 bills when I can for my toddlers piggy bank. (She says they are "soooo prid mom" :) The teller dude seemed annoyed I was wanting some. (Every other time/location it has never been an issue) & finally said he had a single one. I did take it. I don't know maybe he was Man-pms'n or didn't get his morning red bull. I hope it is a rare bad experience.  I have banked with them since I was a kid.
2	I've been banking with AZ federal since I was maybe 16 because my parents had accounts here. I just recently opened up a checkings/savings account over at Discover Card (yes they are a bank too) and guess what!? 24 hour customer service, free checks, and the best part... No monthly FEES. No $3 a month BS, no waiting forever to speak with someone, no limited crappy customer service with small windows for time frames. Gonna close this dumb account & switch all my banking to Discover Bank. Adios!!
