4	I really like Dynasty.  They are reasonably priced, close to home, open on Sunday, offer a free beverage with your service, etc.  I usually just get pedicures here and they always do such a good job, lasts about 3 weeks w/o chipping.  They spend a good amount of time making my feet pretty and I never feel as if they are rushing to get to the next customer.  The space is a lot nicer from when I first came here and the staff is very friendly.
4	I have never had to wait for a long period of time to get service. Free wine!! They do an amazing job at waxing brows. I get gel overlays and no one has done a better job thus far. Love this place!
4	I live around the corner from here so its definitely convenient! They are always very nice and they do a great Pedicure! Mine always lasts at least a month which is great this time of year! I will continue to go here if they continue with the great customer service!!
5	I really like this place. I went for the first time last week and had a man do my pedicure and manicure. The place was clean, used clean, sterilized utensils (unlike so many places dirty places I've visited in the past). I had terrible cracks on my feet, and he (forgot his name) did a really great job on my feet and hands. They haven't chipped, and look so shiny and almost gel-like. The price was $35 for mani-pedi.
5	I have been a customer for almost 7 years. I have been to multiple nail salons throughout the Charlotte region and this one remains my favorite. I usually get pedicures and eyebrow waxing. The services are clean, relaxing and fast. I always ask them to take extra time with the massage and they never seem to mind. As the previous reviewer mentioned, my pedicure stays almost perfect for over a month! Free beverage and friendly staff. Even during their busiest times, I never have to wait more than 10-15 minutes. Usually I just walk in and they are prepared.
4	Don't let the crappy strip mall fool you.  Dynasty is decent inside. It's not super posh, but comfortbale enough. I get my pedis done here and hafta say they do a great job. The polish lasts 3-4 weeks. There are plenty of staff so there is only a wait if all 6 or 7 pedi chairs are full. Never have had any hand work done here so can't speak to that.
4	This review is more or less from my beautiful bride.  We used to live close to Dynasty Nails but have since moved to the otherside of Uptown Charlotte.  What does this have to do with our review you ask?  It means she has to drive all the way across town because the staff is excellent and tends to her needs throughout the time there.  She has tried multiple other locations close to us and no one stacks up for her.
5	can  I just say that I missssssssss this place!  Moving to Chicago has made me give us the best places i.e. this nail salon....  they tend to me and took care of my feet that I get very lazy to do on my own time. oh dynasty, you were so good to me and I had to move 800 miles away. I am so sad
5	The ladies at Dynasty were friendly, professional, and did an amazing job.  Got a french mani pedi and looking polished and ready for Spring.  Thank you yelp for helping me to find them.  Definitely a great find :)
5	Love this place!  I finally found my new nail salon the staff here are so friendly and accommodating.  Don't let the scary strip mall scare you away this place is worth stopping into.  I went on my lunch break for a mani/pedi for $35 you can not beat this deal.  I was not expecting a foot scrub and massage for $35 but that's exactly what I got and it was awesome.  I felt very comfortable in this salon and that really makes a difference to me.  I was in and out in a little over an hour and am already looking forward to my next visit.
4	One of the pluses of Dynasty Nails is that it happens to be within walking distance of my home.  When you enter the salon, you are greeted and asked what service you would like.  Most of the time, you are seated immediately and asked if you would like a complimentary beverage.  I went for a pedicure and by luck of the draw, had a handsome, young man as my technician.  He was quiet, gentle and asked appropriate questions, all with a "happy that you are here" deameanor.  I am always a little squeamish with getting my toe nails cut (childhood memories), but I had nothing to fear.  No blood or tears and my toenails look fabulous!
2	I have been into Dynasty for a pedicure before and it was a nice experience. Nothing that blew me away, but nice none-the-less. Unfortunately, I made the decision to stop there to get my nails done yesterday and my fingers are still regretting that choice. The nail tech that I had was rough, made me bleed twice without any compassion and just gave me an overall negative feeling. I seemed to be an inconvenience for him. The work was sloppy and not what I am used to. Now, I know getting nails can cause your fingers to be sore, but I've never had my nail beds hurt like they do today. I learned my lesson not to go here again for a nail set. Just wanted you to know my experience.
5	Wow!  Super impressed!  Definitely ignore the sketchy outside - the inside is awesome!  The place was very nice & clean.  The massage chairs were the nicest & most high tech I have been in.  Service was very friendly and thorough.  I got gel nails & a pedi for $55.
4	This place is great! I had never been here before only going to the same place for the past five years And they happened to be close last week renovations. So I stop by here just to get a pedicure but ended up getting a pink and white fill-in as well. I moved over the weekend, and my pedicure and my nails are still 100% intact. I would recommend this place over and over again!!
4	My friends used to make fun of me for going here for manicures. Now, they're all regulars. Though this little nail spa isn't glamourous, the service is top-notch. I never have a complaint after visiting Dynasty and I always walk out with the best manicures and pedicures. There's always a plethora of polishes to choose from and I've rarely had to wait more than five minutes for a service. The technicians are extremely kind and welcoming and always take their time while providing services. I never feel like they are rushing to get me in and out. The prices are affordable ($35 for a manicure and pedicure). The spa recently got a facelift, so the inside looks even cleaner and more pleasant than it did before. If you're seeking a no-fuss manicure and pedicure, this is the spot for you.
5	love this place!  By far the best mani/pedi I've ever gotten in Charlotte.  100% recommend
1	I feel like I can't find a good nail place in the area! This is my second review of a nail salon and I have started to give up hope. This time I walked in to get a manicure. I was seated fast and asked what color. The nail technician started fast. She started to shorten my nails and use a cuticle clipper. She was moving way to fast and accidentally sliced the side of my fingernail. I had to tell her to stop so that I can go and wash my hand. I washed my hand, but the bleeding wouldn't stop. I asked if I could just get a band aid, but the technician poured acetone on the cut. When all was said and done, the technician apologized, but i was left with the full bill. Customer service regarding this incident was extremely poor. I will never go back!
5	It may not be the most glamorous nail salon, but it is one of the best places for a mani/pedi in Charlotte.Let's start with prices: completely affordable. A regular manicure is $12, pedicure $25 and mani/pedi $35. They also offer the gel overlay (I have yet to do that) and waxing services. The lady asks me every time if I want to get my eyebrows done... which makes me wonder if she's trying to politely tell me something.Dynasty just remodeled over the summer for a little face lift. Looks nice and clean. The massage chairs are pretty amazing. I sometimes have to fight to stay awake because I am so relaxed. They also offer you a drink... water, soda, wine.Now here's the kicker that sells this place for me: the lifetime of the pedicures and manicures. The polish aspect alone beats out a lot of the expensive places for quality. Lasts a super long time. They do such a good job from beginning to end. They are thorough with everything... clipping, filing, buffing, scrubbing, lotion, polishing.They have a great polish selection and everyone there is super friendly... even if you accidentally kick them because you are ticklish like a 5 year old. Don't worry, I tip extra.Don't be intimidated by the outside look of the strip mall. If you are in the Plaza Midwood neighborhood and have an hour... stop in and check them out!
4	Let me just be totally honest. Driving by, I never would have gone into this place due to the kinda dated strip mall. But! Once I was inside it's a super cute salon that's definitely been updated. Very clean, very nice staff, and great prices. Tons of colors for both gel & traditional polish. I will absolutely be back!!! Try it, you won't be disappointed.
2	Went here based on the reviews and was not impressed at all!  They definitely are busy, but not my style.Not clean and not particular enough for me..Won't be back
5	I came here on Saturday 11/2/14 and my experience was AWESOME! I'm a little sad I didn't find this place sooner and I live 2 min away! Upon walking in the staff was very friendly and their polish selection was plentiful. They also offer soda, beer and wine.  The massage chairs were great and it was by far the best pedicure experience I've ever had! They give you a nice leg/foot rub and after they apply lotion to your legs, they put a warm towel over them, which I've never had done to me before but, it was quite relaxing! I also got a manicure, which she did right in the chair as well, so it was nice to not have to move- of course if you're getting acrylics or tips, they send you to a manicurist table. It was really affordable- $35 for my mani/pedi (next time I'll probably get a design too!) and so far all my nails still look great- which I needed as I'm recently engaged and  I knew pictures would be taken!I will definitely be returning to Dynasty and  recommend it to anyone looking for a great nail salon!
5	The lady below me doesn't know what year it is.Anyway, Dynasty Nails is an awesome nail salon. I get my shellac/gel nails done here and they always last 2+ weeks. The whole point of shellac/gel nails is that they lay on your natural nail bed and last AT LEAST two weeks even with laborious activity. Dynasty has the biggest color selection for gel/shellac nails. Frou-frou salons often times don't have a lot of colors. After having a shellac manicure chip off within 2-3 days two separate times after going to Re Salon and Med Spa, I found this place on a whim. I wasn't expecting much and I was pleasantly surprised. It is clean and relaxing within. Eyebrow waxes are only $8, never in my life have I ever been charged less than $10 per brow. I think very highly of the ladies that work at Dynasty Nails.
4	Love this place. Fast, courteous service including a free glass of champagne if you like!  The prices are reasonable, far more so than most other places I've seen in Charlotte and I was able to get in and out in about an hour, even with a packed house!  This will be my regular go-to place when I'm in need of some mani-pedi pampering!
2	I've been here a bunch of times but this last time was the worst. I stood waiting to be directed to a pedicure chair and then had to wait for the water to be turned on. To top it off, the pedicure was rushed. Usually, I have a great experience here but I think it's time to look for another place.
2	Guy who did my nails was rude and I got a gel manicure that went into my cuticles and onto the skin on several nails. Very messy. Maybe I had a bad manicurist, but I felt the staff was rude to most people who walked in the door. Won't be back.
5	I came here on Saturday Feb. 8, 2014 and my experience was awesome. It was a busy but was seated quickly! Sat in the chair on massage and got a Spa Pedicure and foot massage. Everyone was very friendly and service was great! They had a great selection of polish and I was appy with the service. They trimmed and buffed my winter feet until tey were perfect! Sure it is not a hig end salon! It it great for me and so was the price! I was offered a drink and relaxed. I also got a full set and it was put on thick like it was supposed to be, I have many praises for this place! They worked on my feet for so long that I was late for my date! In defense of that, it was THE best pedicure I have ever had! I was sooo pampered! I will be back! Glad I picked this place based on the reviewsand they were on point! Great way to treat yourself, next time I will bring my Mama and nieces! Oh yes They also ave Gift Certificates! Go treat yourself, I did!
3	Went there for the first time today because I live in the neighborhood.  Wait wasn't too bad for lunch hour, maybe 20 minutes.  The gel manicure I received was ok- no frills (like moisturizing and massaging my hands or offering wine) and it wasn't the absolute best gel mani I've ever had (noticed that some edges of nails were a bit rough, just not as clean as I'm used to), but it was only $20 which is the cheapest I've had in Charlotte so far.  I think it's a good place if you are in a hurry, but if I was getting my nails done with a friend I'd probably go elsewhere.  I'll try again in the future with a different manicurist.
5	Best Salon I have found.  I always get gel tips and never have a problem with them coming off.   Great pedi chairs also.
4	Got a standard mani/pedi on a walk in. I was seated right away and Ly was great. She did an actual foot rubber and hand massage which is hard to come by. She did a great job overall,  unfortunately,  as a bartender, the nail polish didn't stand a chance and even though I got clear on my fingernails it chipped in just a day. I would go back though Just for the service.
3	I would give them four stars but the nail tech was horrible! The pedicures are amazing. One of the best I've had for only $25. Includes exfoliating scrub and relaxing massage. The only downfall was my nails. The nail tech Janine did such a rush job on my nails. When I mentioned little things I noticed that weren't done incorrectly she gave me excuses and continued on and never really fixed it. I don't usually sweat over little things but these were too obvious!  This is the best place to come for a pedicure but the nails should be done elsewhere.!!
5	Highly recommend for the quick and friendly service, thorough foot massage, and very reasonable prices. The atmosphere is extremely comfortable - professional without  being snooty. I've had 2 pedicures here and look forward to many more.
5	Best pedicure I have had in ages! Tammy was awesome! Very thorough, amazing massage! Highly recommend this place!!
5	First time visiting this place and I will definiately be back. Awesome Mani + Pedi and the price was very reasonable. Tammy was awesome :) Dont let the outer exterior of the place fool you; the service was great!
4	Good price. No frills. Make an appointment.This location is in a strip mall. A lot of yelpers have given it 5 stars, so I wanted to try it. My friend also said it was good and I met her there for mani/pedi/eyebrow wax. We made an appointment ahead of time WHICH WAS A SMART THING TO DO because the place was packed.The good:The price is right. I am used to dropping 100.00 bucks easy for nails/pedi and brow waxing - I spent 50.00 here and that was WITH TIP. Wow!Massaging chairs - always a nice perk.Full pedi - no skimping on the massage and scrubs.Did a decent job with the brows. The Meh:Everything feels cluttered and the surfaces and furniture seem worn out.The bad:The manicure is done at a nail bar - a bar stool where you sit 2 to a table and the techs work on the other side (I think they stand the whole time) it felt a little rushed to me but it was clean and no issues.If you don't make an appointment you will probably have to wait for a while on peak days. I was there on Sunday and it was a bit of a madhouse.I would go back -  a great value.
4	I've been here a handful of times now and haven't left disappointed yet. I must go at off times because I've never made an appointment and always have gotten right in.I've gotten a gel manicure and a pedicure each time I've went.  They have every color in the Crayola Big Box...and then some ;) Every nail technician I've had did an excellent job on the full manicure and pedicure and paid special attention to make sure my nails were perfect.  They always offer you a beverage and the massage chairs are out of this world. The only "negative" thing... if you're looking for an upscale nail salon this might not be for you.  However, don't let the location or anything about it fool you.  Nothing but quality work and I've never questioned the cleanliness.
5	Cannot say enough good thing about their level of customer service and quality! I will never go anywhere else! The price is very affordable too
