3	I started tanning at ProTan after City Tan & Spa suddenly closed its doors and took off with my prepaid tanning package (disputing the charge on my credit card took care of this problem).  They actually offered me a good deal since I was one of City Tan's displaced customers and waived my enrollment fee and gave me a great deal on purchasing a points package with the monthly membership.  They offer a good variety of beds and stand-up units and while the equipment is not the newest around, it generally seems to be well maintained and has bulbs that are changed frequently enough to be effective.  The place is not spotlessly clean, but clean enough that I don't feel any sort of "ick factor" when laying in the tanning beds (and I'm definitely a huge germiphobe).  They don't provide tanning goggles so you'll need to bring your own eye protection and there are times when the staff seem overwhelmed trying to check in customers and place them in the requested rooms, but I don't think anyone is really expecting the staff of a tanning salon to be on the same intellectual level as a nuclear physicist so the ditziness shouldn't be considered a major negative here.  In general, they seem to be a decent tanning salon and have enough customers that they don't seem in danger of going out of business and walking away with customers' money.
5	I needed to tan because I was getting married and needed a nice bronze color to look great on my special day. I have tanned at various places and always had a feeling of being not welcomed or a feeling like I was bothering the people that worked there when I came in to tan. Everyone at Pro Tan USA at the Shea location has been amazingly friendly and helpful! I tan for $20 a month, unlimited. Of course it's in the cheap 15 minute beds but it gets the job done. The beds are clean enough to where I am comfortable laying in them. You do need to bring your own eyewear but honestly I like to use my own anyway! The girls are always there to help you and are never snotty about you coming in as the last tan for the day (which is 30 min before closing). I would totally give this place a 2 thumbs up and you should tan there if you have ever felt unwelcomed at another tanning salon.
5	Love this place. They are reasonably priced. They work off a point system as opposed to other tanning salons where they would do it by purchasing a certain bed level for an allotted time. Pro Tan USA has great lotions, beds, and service as well. Very clean environment -always necessary! All in all, great spot.
1	You guys have to be crazy!!!  The point system is ridiculous.  25 points for the lowest level bed, $16 for 25 points, was told the cheapest possible solution for me to get 7 visits on the cheapest bed would be $90!?!?  Are you serious??  Why would you make the lowest level bed 25 points?  This is marketing gone wrong. I called a competitor down the street, $25 for two weeks unlimited.  Rachel H. things sure have changed since your 5 star review.
5	I used to go here but in the last yr & a half I became ill. Today was my 1st time back since then. The customer service that I had received was terrific, not only was Melek friendly & cheerful but she spent a lot of time explaining the different things that are offered.  Not only did Melek not push me into purchasing anything, she helped me to purchase what I needed with out hesitation. The spa is so clean & cheerful  :-)  Thanks Melek & Pro tan!
1	So being an avid Yelper, I had reviewed them exactly 1yr and 2 months ago giving them 5 stars. However, this company is good to you if you are not a loyal customer. In becoming a loyal customer I purchased an unlimited membership month to month contract with an enrollment charge. After considering the monthly cost and accruing that charge month over month I decided it was not a beneficial bill for me. I ended up calling them in June 2013 to cancel my membership in which I was informed the process would have to be an in person cancelation including a hefty cancelation fee. With that being said, and to much of my annoyance, I proceeded to cancel my membership in person at an additional charge including the next months membership charge (note to self: I'm not renting an apartment to have to abide by similar policies). Subsequently after noticing continuing $43.95 monthly charges (when not utilizing their service for over 9 months) for the next 6 months I contacted my bank to place a stop payment due to the fact they are no longer an authorized merchant. I was then advised by my bank to dispute my claim to the owner, in which I did. Thereafter, to my dismay, the owner, Jim, called back a month later. The owner then continued to state, he "deals with a lot of people like myself who lie, if this was L.A. Fitness they would laugh at me," and continued to state, "he's a small business owner who does not give customers their money back" after openly admitting he noticed I have not used their service for those 9 months... Nevertheless, based off our conversation, he expects customers to save receipts over a yr ago whereas the company has no recollection or tracking system in place for cancelations. (I wonder why). This is his mechanism in not reimbursing customers close to $300 back (his words not mine). I then told him they had no authority to continue charging as that's fraudulent activity. I asked him his full name and he avoided my question twice then hung up. I called back to his direct line immediately after, no answer. I called back again, no answer. He's now avoiding my calls. Overall he was very rude, and mentioned he was "shaking in his boots" when I told him I'd contact the BBB, review him on Yelp, and take this to a small claims court. Needless to say, I'm accepting his challenge and taking this much further. Similarly after reviewing other yelp reviews, I noticed a filtered review from Lauren H. who in fact was extremely accurate. He claims customer service before he lashes out at you when the company is at fault, and avoids you at all costs. Sad stuff but reality. I used to like them, was very loyal to them, but not anymore. Never again.
1	I've been going to this location for over a year and have always liked it - until they closed up shop without notifying their customers. I showed up yesterday and there was a big sign on the door that they'd "relocated." Not true, they called the salon that kindly accepted their customers on Tuesday to let them know they were closing and asked if they wanted their customers. I'm sure they signed people up for packages until the minute they locked the doors. The new place is very nice and if it was even remotely convenient for me to go there, I would keep my membership, but it's not. The upside is that they didn't pressure me into keeping my membership and allowed me to cancel. THAT is how you do business.
