5	Two friends and I just ate lunch at Daisy Cafe and Cupcakery on its fourth day in business (today is May 21, 2009), and we were very pleased.  The service was slow (hopefully just a first-week-open problem that they'll solve soon), but the staff was very friendly and the food was delicious.I ordered the fresh vegetable strata, a souffle-ish dish of eggs, cheese, veggies, and bread cubes.  It was wonderful!  The eggs were light and fluffy, the bread cubes were a nice crusty contrast, and there was just the right amount of gruyere cheese baked into the dish to make it flavorful without being overwhelming.  It came with a side of seasoned roasted red potatoes and fresh fruit, all of which was excellent.  My friend, Michael, ordered the beef and bacon meat loaf, which came in its own adorable little dish and was perfectly cooked, moist and flavorful with lots of yummy little vegetable chunks mixed in with the ground meat.  My other friend, Haley, ordered the egg sandwich, which we all agreed was a serious egg sandwich, in the best sense.  No mere fried egg slapped on a roll with some cheese, this was, rather, a well-considered sandwich of crusty bread, egg, gruyere cheese, and red onions (which added an especially flavorful kick).Full but not wanting to pass up the bakery section of Daisy, we each got a cupcake to go.  While the presentation was lovely, it seemed rather wasteful to put each individual cupcake in its own cardboard box (with an additional stabilizing cardboard device inside).  Once I ate the cupcake, however, I realized why such accoutrements were necessary: the frosting on the cake was so soft that it was even a bit melty, and the cake itself was rather spongey and soft.  I prefer a firmer cake with a thicker, stiffer frosting, so this did not particularly suit my fancy (I did, however, appreciate the taste of the frosting, which was whipped cream, as opposed to the more typical buttercream frosting--this was much less sweet, and the fruit flavoring was quite obviously real).So go for the meal, skip the cupcake, and enjoy the open, sunny room, the good tunes on the stereo, and the friendly vibe while you wait (hopefully not too long) for your server to take your order!
3	Heard the buzz on Isthmuth and decided to give it a try. I appreciated the fresh, home-baked taste of the cup cake. What I really loved about it was the fresh whipped cream on the top of the cake instead of a gunk of butter cream frosting. The whipped cream definitely made the cupcake airly and created divine feeling in my mouth. Mmmm.I wished that there was tad bit more of blueberry flavor in the chocolate-blueberry one that I tried. The other flavors also sounded heavenly, too.And the lady at the counter was very nice to us - made the experience enjoyable :)
4	Went here for breakfast and was very impressed! The egg breakfast sandwich is incredible, fresh eggs, cilantro, cream cheese and onions; delicious!!! Not to mention fresh squeezed orange juice!The cupcakes where good, nothing special. The frosting is very buttery which sometimes overpowers the flavor of what it's supposed to be (blueberry, vanilla, chocolate, etc). But if you're looking for a treat for yourself, they wont disappoint.The only downside to eating here was there was a bit of a long wait for the food from when we ordered until we received it.
1	We were looking for a sweet treat and decided to try this place. We were both disappointed with our cupcakes. I had the ginger lemon curd with raspberry frosting. The cupcake was dense (like a fruit cake) and I could not taste the ginger (although my friend said it had a strong ginger taste) and the raspberry frosting was sweet but too rich. My favorite part was eating the little teaspoon of lemon curd. I did not finish my cupcake. My friend had the chocolate mocha cupcake and she said she could taste the mocha but she has had better cupcakes made at home. We were not impressed by the taste or the size of the cupcakes. The cupcakes were small and were $2.50 (Mocha Chocolate) and $3.00 (Raspberry Lemon Curd Ginger Cupcake). We did like the space in the restaurant as it was roomy with lots of tables. We thought about going back for a meal without cupcakes but probably will not anytime soon.
1	These cupcakes were of bake sale variety.    I bought 6, and asked for their top sellers.   I was not impressed.  The chocolate cupcake was dry and chewy, not tender and moist.  The buttercream icing had a terrible mouth feel(greasy), with only a hint of flavor.   The banana cupcake was dry and crumbly.   The carrot cupcake had a overpowering nutmeg taste, though the icing was ok.     Madison deserves better.
3	It was good. It wasn't outrageously great, but it wasn't horrendously bad. I ordered the Turkey & Rosemary Omelet and my boyfriend ordered the French Toast Strata. My meal came with an omelet, oven-roasted potatoes and fresh fruit. While everything was good, I have to say that I probably could have made the meal at home. If I go back, I wouldn't not eat this again, but I would definitely like to try something from their lunch selection first. My boyfriend was pretty much in agreement there. While he said his meal was good, he wants to try their burgers. They have a nice size menu filled with lots of veggie and lean meat dishes, which are perfect for me. However, they also cater to my boyfriend's style with such dishes like the Wisconsin Pride Burger (cheese curds and bacon on top of a 1/2 lb burger). We actually went their for breakfast for my boyfriends birthday. With that in mind, we left with a cupcake (I passed; too full to even think about cupcakes). My boyfriend chose the carrot cupcake with cream cheese frosting and walnut bits sprinkled on top. He wolfed it down and said it was good. I may update this review after we go for lunch sometime.
2	Two 16oz coffees = $5.25. Is this Madison or NYC? Whoa.
3	I was delighted when my boyfriend surprised me with a couple cupcakes(to split) from the Daisy Cafe. He had gotten the Carrot Walnut, and the Vanilla Blueberry. The Carrot was good(what isn't good with a nice cream cheese frosting?), but I found the Vanilla Blueberry to be ordinary, if even a bit dry. I like a moist, but fluffy cake, which this just wasn't. Perhaps it was due to being in the pastry box he brought home for a couple hours...but I'm not sure.  Overall, I consider these treats good but basic.
4	I finally made it to this place for lunch last week. I don't have enough time to go out to lunch during a normal work week and since the place closes before dinner it's taken me a while to stop by. I enjoyed the meatloaf that I had. It has a few slices of bacon wrapped around it and nice chunks of veggies throughout. I think it would be nice and comforting to enjoy this winter. The veggies that came with seemed oily to me. The potatoes were fine, but nothing to write home about. Service was mostly pretty good although it did take a long while to get the refill on my iced tea. Like others I had to try out a cupcake for dessert. I went with red velvet. It was good but not great. The size is somewhat small for the price and the flavors didn't wow me. In the future I think I'll just wing down to Monty's and get one of the Carl's Cakes cupcakes if I'm craving one.
1	i was SOOOO excited that a cupcakery was finally opening in madison, and rushed over during their first week.  i was a little bit disappointed when i looked into the bakery case and saw a rather homogeneous bunch of cupcakes.  it was their first week, so i will cut them some slack for their utter lack of creativity. i also thought perhaps their lack of external pizazz would be compensated by really great flavor.this was sadly not the case.  the cupcake itself a little bit dry for my liking, but also very bland.  it tasted like a lot of flour mixed with a little sugar, and very little else.  the frosting was the real let down though. my "blueberry" frosting (recommended by the girl at the counter, who also seemed to have no idea what she was doing) tasted like butter. whipped butter.  i didn't taste even a hint of blueberry, despite its tepid cornflower color.  i could barely taste any sugar. it was a huge let down.my girlfriend and i, avid cupcake lovers, couldn't finish our one little cupcake.  i was so disappointed, i haven't been back since. however, a few of my friends are more forgiving, and went back. each and every time they have been disappointed. i hope that the daisy cafe can step it up and provide some tasty cupcakes- i really want to like them, and they are right down the street from me. but for now, i'll keep buying carl's cakes at montys.
1	So even though their coffee (16 oz black) is outrageously priced, we returned for this breakfast/brunch that Madisonians think is tha shiznit. So not that the breakfast was horrible, it's not like they screwed up the bacon and eggs, but they were pretty bland and disappointing. I can't put a finger on it, but there was really nothing quite special about the basic stuff. So the next time I tried the adobo rubbed pork-loin sandwich. It was good, but certainly nothing special. Service has been adequate as well. The cupcakes are really disappointing... The few times we've had them, they've been on the dryer side. Don't care too much for the mouth feel, and honestly they're nothing spectacular in the taste arena. They're not particularly creative or original, and at $2.50/pc, they're certainly not worth the money.
1	The whole trend of cupcakeries seems really bourgeois.  It's about as awesome as buying a $4.50 cup of coffee.Anyway, the cupcakes are NOT that special. They seem dry, and the buttercream has that taste of being made with shortening, rather than butter.  At $2.50 each, I'd honestly rather spend my money on a duncan hines mix and make 2 dozen at home.
1	What a disappointment.  After a nice dinner my wife and I wanted cupcakes and were wishing for a cupcake place in Madison like Molly's in Chicago (see past reviews).  So, I whipped out the Droid phone and...a cupcake place in Madison!  So we took the drive over to Daisy Cafe & Cupcakery.Well, we go there and after walking in we noticed they had two options...vanilla with chocolate frosting and chocolate with vanilla frosting.  Are you kidding me?  I can buy that at a grocery store.  The worst part is when we asked if they made a variety and different cupcakes (because a place known as a cupcakery should make unique cupcakes to me) they responded with "the case is normally full."Disappointed we decided to try their cupcakes and WOW how boring werethese things!  Not only were they hard on the top of them but they lacked in any sort of flavor and the frosting was really nothing but whipped cream.  SUGGESTION:  Make you own cupcakes or go down to Molly's Cupcakes in the Lincoln park area of Chicago.
1	I was looking forward to trying this place since everything on their menu sounded delicious.  Service was okay.  Waiter was overwhelmed and because of the way the table was positioned, he needed to lean completely across the table directly in front of me several times.  Ick.Our food took a LONG time to arrive, and my potatoes were cold.  The mushroom strata that had sounded so rich and delicious in the menu's description was lukewarm, bland, dry, and overcooked.  I didn't detect any of the cheese and pesto that was supposed to be in it -- maybe they forgot?Cold potatoes really didn't appeal to me, so I asked for a different side dish that was already prepared (didn't want to risk the long wait again).  The edamame salad he brought just wasn't my thing -- pretty bland and basically the whole thing tasted like raw onions.  Sooo, I tried the fresh fruit that came with the strata.  When you're serving fresh fruit, you really should be sure it actually tastes good.  At least it didn't have the requisite bruised strawberry with nasty, unwashed leaves.  Instead I just got some tasteless melon and a worn-out-looking slice of pineapple.But everything could be redeemed by their cupcakes, right?  Unfortunately, the cupcake was awful.  I had the chocolate with mocha frosting.  Ick.  The simple chocolate cake recipe on the back of a Hershey's baking cocoa box beats this one by miles.  And the frosting was greasy -- a little bit like adding some chocolate and coffee flavoring to Crisco.I won't be back.
5	What crawled up the butts of Madison's collective of food haters.  I've been here for both Breakfast and Dinner.  Breakfast was a French Toast Strata and made for a very tasty breakfast indeed.  Dinner on one night was the Lime Steak and the other was a Daisy Burger and both of those made for very good meals.  Is it the best dining I've ever experienced?  No but they aren't going for that.  It's a F'ing CAFE and it does cafe/diner food very well.  $2.50 for a bottomless cup of FAIR TRADE COFFEE is not expensive by any means.  I know you snobs are paying more for the crap at Starbucks and it's not even fair trade.  And now for the cupcakes, which I've ingested several of.  They are moist and have really nice frosting.  I've had cupcakes at the grocery store and no they are not the same, these things are made with love and I know how lame that makes me sound.  Get off your high horse people.  Bitch and complain about Food Fight and all of the chains you want to but try and be a little supportive of the small local eateries which try to be a part of the community.  I mean they support Porchlight people!  If you don't know about Porchlight then google it.  Or just go to the Daisy website.
4	We set out for breakfast on New Year's Day, tired and hungry and hung over. Not a damn thing was open (except Monty's, and there was a line out the door. Thanks but no thanks - we were at the hunger equivalent of DEFCON 1). After driving around for what seemed like forever, we finally stumbled upon Daisy Cafe, and it was open, and there was no wait. Hooray!I've been here a few times now. The food is consistently great, and the cupcakes are really good too. The service is a little slow, but otherwise it gets a thumbs up.
5	Really liked it.  Much better feel than Bunky's that was there before. (Bunky's is still a great restaurant). More space, couch, great back room for meeting, parties, etc.  The cupcakes were good, I did expect a little more va, va, vavoom with the icing, but they were good.  Bottomless cup of coffee.
4	I really enjoyed the food, layout and staff.  I had the grilled cheese sandwich with avocado - and for this picky pregnant lady - it was a hit!  Our waitress was so nice, as was the owner when asked many questions about a potential private event.  They are flexible with group events, btw.  I particularly liked the layout - the mismatched antique tables and chairs and lighting made for a pleasant experience.
4	The Daisy Cafe and Cupcakery has a well thought out menu with a fewer selections than most places but they have excellent food. I have had breakfast and lunch there- both were good. I always have cupcakes when I go there and they are ALWAYS good. There is usually a unique variety of cupcakes and they barely make it home before I devour them! I like this place! Local, independent place lovely interior and cute waiters.
2	I checked this place out by myself, and kind of got forgotten about.  There are few things as disheartening as grabbing lunch on your lonesome and being neglected by your server.  Service was kind of slow.  I dug the interior design, and sort of dug the food - which was fine, but nothing to write home about.  I got a chocolate cupcake on my way out.  The cupcakes look better than they taste.  I like my chocolate cupcakes compact, with rich creamy frosting.  This was really oily, and the frosting was really heavy on the shortening and light on the chocolate-flavored goodness.  Not their fault, but a glob of frosting landed on my new shirt, which has retained an oil spot to this day.
5	I love this place, the atmosphere is bright and energetic and the food is delicious. Service was great too, I like how they right away ask if you want coffee and keep your cup full with good quality stuff the whole time. Our waitress was very prompt and polite and not pesky. I got the chorizo omelette which came with perfectly ripe avocado, yummy roasted (but not burnt) red potatoes, a biscuit style cupcake and fresh fruit to wash it all down with. I highly recommend this place to anyone and plan on coming back again!
4	Breakfast is great! Fresh ingredients, good price, and full of flavor! Not impressed by the cupcakes but everything else is great!
3	I settled on three stars for this review, but I'd actually break it down like this: 4 stars if you're going just for the cupcakes and 2 stars for the rest of the menu.On my first visit to Daisy Cafe, I'll admit I was disappointed at the selection in the cupcake display.  I had figured that a cupcake place would have cupcakes that were... well... a little more out of the ordinary.  As it turned out, the cupcakes may be simple but they are delicious.  The cake is light and fluffy and the frosting is similarly light and nicely flavored.  They have a vegan cupcake each day, which is what I tried on this first visit.  I'm not a vegan, and I'm usually wary of foods labeled vegan but this was delicious (and not just in a "good for a vegan cupcake" kind of way).On my next visit I decided to give the breakfast menu a try.  I ordered a strata, which arrived a disappointing rubbery texture.  After this I came back a few times for the cupcakes, but avoided the food menu for fear of a repeat of the strata incident.Now that they've been serving dinner for a while (Thurs-Sat) I decided to give them another try.  They have burgers on their menu, and it's hard to find a good burger, so I stopped in tonight to see how they rated.  I'll admit up front, I'm picky about my burgers.  If they aren't rare, they're not worth eating.  I had asked on a previous cupcake excursion if they cooked their burgers rare and had been assured they did.  Before I ordered, however, I verified this with my waitress who confirmed they would.I ordered the basic burger with swiss cheese "very rare" and selected the edamame salad as my side.  After taking my order, the waitress returned with the most delicious whole wheat bread and whipped butter.  This bread was seriously good - I would buy it and take it home with me if I could.  I was a bit disappointed that the butter was served in disposable plastic condiment cups, which seemed like a waste.  I noticed that diners who had salads were served their dressing in small metal cups, which would have worked great for the butter as well.As you've probably guessed, when my burger arrived it was not rare.  It could charitably be called medium rare but that would be stretching it.  If you like your burgers cooked, you'd probably like this one, but I don't.  On the plus side, the bun was good - toasty but not hard, and the tomatoes that came on the side were ripe, juicy, and firm enough to hold up on the burger.  It also came with a nice selection of greens.  I'm not sure if they were intended just to go on the burger, but if they were there were an awful lot of them.  They could have made a nice mini-salad, aside from the lack of dressing.The edamame salad was a bit disappointing.  I should have asked what was in it before ordering, as I don't like onions and this had more onions than edamame.  I later heard a waiter describe this salad to another diner, but his description didn't really match up to the salad either.  It was tossed in a ginger dressing, which was actually good.  Unfortunately, the celery overpowered just about every other flavor in the salad, so you didn't really taste the dressing.My waitress was apologetic(the staff has always been very friendly and attentive) when she stopped to check on my meal and I told her the burger wasn't cooked properly and offered me a free cupcake for the mistake.  The cupcake was, as usual, delicious.
4	I enjoy taking friends and family who visit us in Madison to Daisy Cafe.  Their food is consistently very good - creative and tasty. My favorite is the Cinnamon and Apple Strata.  I also like the location on Atwood, its a great Madison spot. As a proclaimed cupcake-a-holic, I have yet to find a cupcake that I would order again. While they earn points in presentation, creative flavor combinations, and use of quality ingredients, they always leave me with a feeling that they are incomplete. I think, for me, it is because the cupcakes are not quite sweet enough. But, rest assured, I will continue to go back for more, and I hope to find that perfect just sweet enough cupcake!
3	The cupcakes are okay. The favors sound fun and interesting, but are so-so.The food here is great.  I've been a few times for lunch and have been consistently pleased.  They have great, hearty vegetarian selections, which isn't the easiest thing to come by in Madison (we still are in Wisconsin, after all).  The veggie sausage option at breakfast is swell.My fave so far is the portabella sandwich and the fiesta slaw.  The chili is also great - mildly spicy and very hearty.  My father, an avowed carnivore with blatant disrespect for my vegetarian ways, even likes the chili!The acoustics are awful. It's impossible to hear your dining companions.
4	First off, if you have kids and are looking for a mid-day stop, this place is a nice fit.  The servers are all very friendly and the theme and room just works for families.The cupcakes are cute to look at and taste just average...but your kids will love them regardless.  I am by no means an expert on cupcakes.I do like comfort food however and the 666 chili with chorizo added is really, really tasty.  They also have a sloppy Joe made from chorizo called the Sloppy Jose which is also really good.  During these tough times I have to drop the snob routine a notch or two and give props when I see nice people trying really hard.  Keep it up!
4	Finally got around to dragging myself over to the East Side to try this cafe. I've been looking for a new brunch place and I was pleasantly surprised. We got there around 11:00, so it was pretty crowded - maybe a 10 minute wait. I got the chorizo avocado omelet and my friend got the bacon cheddar omelet. From looking around, I really want to go back and try a strata and also the egg salad sandwich. The omelets are huge - and not just because of the egg. They're packed with stuff. I think mine had more meat than it had egg - though the avocado was really lacking (not quite ripe yet). The side potatoes were also quite good.Unfortunately, I'm not a cupcake person, so I passed on dessert. My friend got a chocolate cupcake, but she was not impressed. She didn't feel like it had enough taste.Service: Very friendly, but our waitress did forget to bring us ketchup and was a little slow with checking in. Good about the coffee refills though, which is definitely a plus for brunch.Environment: Nice space - bright and sunny. Mismatched decorations give it that charm. They have a couch and some chairs for waiting as well.
2	Meredith L nailed the review of the cupcake. The cake part was okay, however, the one I bought was very stale. The big disappointment was the frosting. As Meredith L said it should be a ..."rich creamy frosting.  This was really oily, and the frosting was really heavy on the shortening and light on the chocolate-flavored goodness." In my case it was vanilla, but still very light on vanilla flavor.This is not a good cupcake.
4	I haven't had their food yet but the cupcakes are off the hook. The cupcakes are super intense but SOO good. My sister gave me a few for my birthday. Maple frosting/Bacon = Kind of weird. But ok. Peppermint/Chocolate = YUM!Blueberry = effing amazing... err I can't remember the last one. My birthday was a few weeks ago..Point being... having just had the cupcakes I'd definitely try the food too.
4	Fun neighborhood place with delicious breakfasts and a large menu of options (including vegetarian plates).  Everyone I've brought here has liked it, too.  Down to earth staff seem sincerely happy to have you there.  Admittedly, I am not a cupcake expert but I did enjoy the red velvet cupcake.  Daisy Cafe seems generous with the frosting on their cupcakes, if you like that.
4	I called in a short notice cupcake order and they didn't grief me about it at all. I got a great assortment of cupcakes at a reasonable. Price. The staff was really nice as well. The cupcakes...I can imagine a few people from my office will be heading over there to check it out now.I'm really looking forward to going here and eating their actual food as well.
4	I really loved this place!  I went during restaurant weekd and was VERY pleased w/ all my food.  I loved th Onion soup...DELICIOUS!!!  The cupcakes were amazing!!!!  I loved the decorations and atmosphere, it was cozy.  My only problem is that my wine came in a water glass, it felt a bit weird to drink it, oh well.   I have been back and definitely recommend this place!
3	When cupcake is ur staple then I expect them to b phenomenal unfortunately they took a back seat to the food. I'd come here again for sure but not for the cupcakes--frosting was terrible, I can tell it's a butter cream of sorts but it's not tasty; I did however love the icing in the center--for some reason they don't use the same on top, what a costly miss.
5	My girlfriend and I stopped to get a cupcake, but decided to eat lunch while we were there. The food was great, I wasn't sure what to expect at first but it was all really fresh and delicious... On the other hand, the cupcakes were good, but not outstanding. We'll definitely be back for lunch again and we'll be trying breakfast here soon!
5	I've wanted to try out Daisy forever... but it's a bit of a drive for me and the reviews on yelp were a little weak so I never made it over.  After about the 7th person telling me how great it was I decided to try it out.  LOVE.  Service: host was very nice and helpful, so was the other girl at the counter.  Our server was nice, but fairly absent.  Not horrible Our food was great and the drinks were WONDERFUL.  Great bloody and mimosa with fresh OJ, coffee was good too.  We got cupcakes to-go and OMG!  I'm so mad at myself for waiting so long to try it!!!  Chocolate cake, maple cream with BACON is so very very very good.  Vanilla is great too.
5	I love Daisy Cafe and Cupcakery. I am so glad they decided to start serving dinner! Their themed new cupcake flavors are always fun and I can't get enough of the banana/pecan/chocolate/peanut butter cupcake!
3	Food here wasn't particularly bad, but I don't see myself coming back regularly, at least not for dinner. For one, the dinner menu is somewhat limited (especially if you don't eat pork) and I found myself wishing I could just get something off the lunch menu. I had a decent meal that didn't cost me much, along with decent service that was kind of slow, but not unreasonable.We started off with a bloody mary that's purported to have 10 flavors in it, but tasted more like it had 2. I had to load that thing up with hot sauce and pepper myself to keep it from tasting like a cup of thin tomato juice.The southwest "steak" (read: random hunk of low-grade meat) was as bloody as a rare steak but as tough as a well-done one, and the marinade just tasted like black pepper and nothing else. It came with a pile of peppers that tasted like anything you'd get at a grocery store, and some green salsa that was pretty excellent on its own merit. So, the good. I also ordered a bowl of vegetarian chili that was perfectly satisfying even to a voracious carnivore. It was loaded with several different kinds of beans and had just the right amount of burn to it. The spices made the chili taste really warm and hearty; it left a great aftertaste that was perfectly hot without making you break a sweat and reach for the water.My crappy steak also came with some soft, buttery fingerling potatoes that I would be sure to order again - on their own. They were sweet and creamy, almost like mashed potatoes.Ultimately, Daisy Cafe's inconsistently good food as well as their slightly off-putting environment makes me ambivalent about getting a meal here again. But it does have its draws. I also grabbed a chocolate mousse-filled cupcake on the way out that was worth all 3 dollars I spent on it. Richest, most delicious fucking chocolate cupcake I have ever eaten.
3	I got the carrot/cream cheese frosting cupcake and loved it. I am a sucker for cream cheese frosting, though. The latte was good, and it was all under $5.The furnishings are very cute.
2	Never had their food, but I am pretty sure that their cupcakes are from a mix.  If not they spent a lot of time painstakingly recreating the taste of a box of yellow cake mix.  The cupcakes look really pretty though!
4	They are good but you have to take off about 80% of the frosting to make them edible.
4	I love their multigrain pancakes with a side of breakfast potatoes. Mmmmm. Their cupcakes are really good, but the cake part tends to be a bit dry for my taste.
5	Seriously people! Anything less than a 5 star rating was done by amateurs. I seriously had the BEST cupcake in my life and I've tried a lot of cake in my day. I ordered the Red Velvet Gluten-Free cupcake and it was absolutely amazing!!! The food was also wonderful and the staff were very friendly. They also have soy milk for the latte's. Yay! Top notch establishment!
5	I have eaten here several times since my first review and I still LOVE everything about this place!!! The food, the service, the atmosphere, the EVERYTHING!!!  Tonight we went for restaurant week and the Brandy crab bisque was to die for (I actually got some to take home to have for lunch tomorow), the steak was made to perfection and the veggies were perfect!!!  I had the cheesecake which was also amazing!!!
5	We have only eaten here once, but I sure wish we had one of these at home. Fresh food, using local produce. Good value, Good for kids. Did not try the cupcakes. Loved the chicken and chutney sandwich, orzo pasta salad, sloppy joe, coleslaw, root beer. The TBA sandwich was OK. LIttle living room area was nice to let my infant play with their toys while we waited for food to arrive and to be seated.
5	Cute little space, seems very good for children. But more importantly, their cupcakes are incredible! They are probably some of the best I've ever had- light and fluffy, with equally light frosting that is not too sweet but adds that extra bit of creaminess to the cake. I have worked my way through five of their flavors which are all delicious: tiramisu (my favorite, the cupcake I think is actually a modified lady finger),  strawberry champagne (my only critique is that the strawberry frosting could have a bit more bite to it), blueberry lemon, red velvet, and chocolate raspberry.That being said, if you are craving cupcakes after 5pm on Monday through Wednesday, good luck filling your desire with something equally satisfying since they close quite early those days.
4	Didn't try the cupcakes, as I was told they were okay but kinda dry.  We did have a couple of other baked goods at our table: the fruit coffee cake muffin was good but, yes, a bit dry.  The cinnamon roll was really good.  There was a good assortment of cupcakes in the case, and a couple that appealed to me, but I wasn't in the mood for a lot of sweets (and the mound of frosting on top of each kinda put me off...)The meal, on the other hand, was great.  Service was good; we had a big group, constantly growing, and they did a pretty good job of handling it. (We had called ahead to warn them.)  I had the huevos rancheros, recommended by friends and every bit as good as they said.  Tasty, good ingredients, accompanied by fresh fruit... Mm.  I also had a "bottomless" house-made lemonade, which was nice.  I'd certainly go back, and might someday try a cupcake.
4	The chorizo & avocado omelette changed my opinion of the meat from negative to positive, and the breakfast potatoes were among the best I've ever had.  Toffee and cherry ale cupcakes were divine. Only quibble was that the service was pretty slow, probably due to insufficient servers for a busy Sunday morning.
5	We have eaten breakfast at Dixie Cafe before but this is our first time having dinner here. I had the steak with gorgonzola cheese. My wife had the Daisy Burger. Both were excellent. We really like the atmosphere at Daisy's and enjoy watching all the other patrons. The wait staff has always been friendly and helpful.
5	Definitely one of my favorite places in the Atwood area.I am particularly fond of the meatloafs, original and tasty! I've also had their yummy burgers and pasta. So far, I have yet to be disappointed. Food is delicious, cupcakes weren't bad, and servers are great!The place itself is cute and quaint with a dining and casual coffee shop feels and very kid friendly (but not overly). It's comfortable and you can't go wrong with the meals.
1	This place is bullshit. The cupcakes still suck, but if they couldn't suck enough, they actually got smaller! As far as "Restaurant Week" goes, Daisy should take note that they're actually a part of Restaurant Weak. I hate the cupfakery, their annoying food that third graders can make, and prices only idiots would pay.
4	Sunday brunch was fantastic!  I had the egg sandwich (fried egg, bacon, cream cheese, purple onion and cilantro on grilled rosemary bread. Served with oven-roasted potatoes and fresh fruit) and loved every bite - I would have loved more bacon on the sandwich, but it was tasty nonetheless.  The servers were friendly and attentive - my cup of coffee was never empty.  They should drop the "Cupcakery" and focus all their attention on the "Cafe".  We will be back!
4	I have been to Daisy probably 20 times now and it is definitely one of the better brunch places on the east side.  I usually get the Sloppy Jose, wife likes the egg dishes.  The wait on weekend mornings has never been bad, I think I have had to sit only once otherwise always had a table.The non-egg breakfast stuff has never been great and the dinner fare did not interest me but for brunch it's great.The cupcakes have always been good though I think the ones with genache and other non-butter frostings are a lot better.  They tend to be more expensive as well, but some are really good and just the right size.  Being real cake and not styrofoam they do not last well in the fridge or otherwise.
4	The food was amazing. All 8 of us at the table really liked everything we ordered. The cupcakes were blah. Our table shared 4 different kinds. I'd go back for dinner anytime, but never eat dessert there again.
5	My roommates and I love Daisy! This restaurant is on a trendy, nice street and has a great ambiance. Their food is excellent (Egg Salad Sandwich is amazing) and, let's not forget, their cupcakes! Delish! It's a sweet little place and offers wi-fi, the staff is kind, and they do serve beer and wine.
4	We live nearby and this place is delish for lunch. The atmosphere is friendly and fun.Their chicken burger is awesome! We stop in just for a bag of coffee beans or pancake mix sometimes too. I will say as others have said their cupcakes are a little dry... that is why there is a big pile of frosting on top - that makes up for it a little I guess.
5	I think this may be my favorite restaurant in Madison.Brilliant, inventive dishes with fresh, many local ingredients. I absolutely LOVE the reuben meatloaf- incredible. The edamame salad is to die for, and when asked about ingredients, they gave me the recipe with zero hesitation. Super cute atmosphere,  great service, delicious food all around. What more do you need? I hear their cupcakes are pretty awesome too, I don't do sweets, so can't vouch for 'em.
5	Half a block from my house and consistantly awesome food.  I love Daisy Cafe.  New menu items that we tried were all great: housemade chicken sausage, chicken tostada appetizer, Rustic Mexican Chicken with rice and black beans.  I'm sure I'll be back later this week or something. Julia, Luis and Ryan Ramig are the best.  Now if only we could get you to open for dinner on Sundays and Mondays.....
4	Great atmosphere - eclectic artwork, community-related posters and playbills - it is just a great local vibe to it.  I stopped by this cafe on a recommendation from a Madison friend for brunch and was really happy with it the minute I walked through the door.A large menu offers something for everyone: they code each dish for gluten, and veg*ns, so it was simple to find something that met my specifications.  I loved my tofu scramble! The spices were savory and well-done. Husband got a sandwich which he also enjoyed.If we lived in Madison, I think we would be regulars.
5	How does this place not have an overall 5 star rating? My experience was so good and I hope to go back at least once (or maybe twice??) during my stay in Madison. Got in around 9 on Saturday morning. They were fairly busy but I was seated promptly. The set up is very different from most other restaurants, almost seems like what the dinning room at my grandmother's house would look like. The cupcakes were on display as you walked in the door and it was hard not to stop and drool over them.Got the Huveros Rancheros. I just let out a big sigh as I remember how wonderful it was. Corn tortilla, black beans, corn salsa, eggs over medium and wonderful guacamole sauce. Mouth is still watering as I type. It was excellently made. I got a large orange juice and it tasted a bit watered down. That really is my only complaint about the experience. I looked around and everybody had something I wanted to try. All the meals looked so inviting. They have a lot of different vegetarian options, both on their breakfast and lunch menu, as well as during dinner. I'm not a huge cupcake crazy person but I tried one and I was glad I did. The cake was soft, moist, and had a lot of good flavor to it. I'm picking up a few tomorrow so I can take some to the folks that helped with my dog's surgery. Madisonites are very very lucky. Madison is such a great town and the I'm awed every time I try a new restaurant. Daisy's cafe is great and I will recommend it to anybody that wants to try wonderful breakfast.
4	Great for breakfast and dinner!http://morethanjustdessert.wordpress.com/2012/05/20/daisy-cafe-cupcakery-restaurant-review/
5	A family favorite. My family of four have been to the Daisy several times. It has become the go to stop that we all love. We feel right at home and get good food and service.
4	The cupcakes are to die for.  And I don't even like deserts.  or cupcakes. The food is also quite good, but a bit expensive for what it is.
3	Rocky Road Cupcake. Get. In. My. Mouth. Moist cake. Marshmallow-y butter-cream. Peanuts for good measure. This thing has it all. Even a cute little to go box that keeps treats put.Once home the icing was a little melty, so I popped that bad boy into the fridge and devoured it after some chill time. The cake was super moist, rich and chocolatey, and the frosting was nice, not overly sweet, and just the right amount. I haven't sat down for real grub so I can't vouch for their other eats. But that sweet treat was enough to get me to explore more of the menu!
4	I used to live a few blocks away from Daisy, and became quite addicted to visiting them for breakfast and brunch on the weekends.  I guarantee that when you walk in the door you will be greeted by a friendly staff member.  Somehow, Daisy managed to hand-pick friendly people from the Madison area to wait tables without acting like they hate their lives.  In fact, they act like serving you is the only thing they were ever meant to do.  Apparently, miracles do happen!  I am an egg sandwich person, and theirs does NOT disappoint.  With bacon (or without), red onions, delicious bread and cheese, this sandwich is the motherload of egg sandwiches.  Also not to be missed is their huevos rancheros.  I could drink their tomatillo avocado dressing by the gallon.  I have to slow myself down when eating this concoction which includes home made corn tortillas, spicy vegetables and beans, and two eggs any way you like.  Did I mention the tomatillo avocado dressing that goes on top??  Also, don't miss their mimosas.  Best in Madison.This is a great place to bring kids and/or a group of people.  Their menu isn't sodden with fried foods that children usually get stuck with on their portion of the menu.  Sides of fruit are served bountifully even with the children's entrees. I go often with my sister and her three small children, and we are always seated immediately (important with three impatient little ones) and are served with smiles, even when an errant pancake gets smeared into their clean carpet.  Stop by and say hello!  You won't be disappointed.
4	the best cupcakes in Madison, WI!  I go there for cupcakes; they're fresh and delicious!  However, their coffee and food are not as good as their cupcakes.
5	i heart this place for breakfast.  uber strong coffee - check.  friendly service - check.  cute mismatched chairs and tables - check.  great selection of tasty morning noshes - check.  cupcakes-to-go on the way out - check, check, check.
3	Just reviewing the cupcakes...I forgot I had these cupcakes for an event at work. I suppose they weren't very memorable. The flavors were vanilla and chocolate combinations. I need to visit their actual shop and sample some more creative flavors as well as their menu.
5	Showed up at my son's parent-teacher conference the other day with the following four sublime gourmet cupcakes from Daisy Cafe & Cupcakery: 1) Chocolate cake with Raspberry buttercream frosting, 2) Lemon cake with Blueberry buttercream frosting, 3) Red Velvet cake with Cream Cheese frosting, and 4) Gingerbread cake with Lemon buttercream frosting. (The super helpful gentleman at the checkout counter patiently advised this gourmet cupcake novice, then labelled each one so we'd be sure to know what we were eating.) I'm pretty sure my son's teacher thought she'd died and gone to heaven! With this place I'll probably never bake another birthday cake. After all, variety is the spice of life and this place has got it! Be sure to try the pie-inspired cupcakes, too. Once you get over the fact that the cupcakes look too good to eat, you'll simply be amazed at the way the buttercream frosting melts in your mouth!
4	Cupcakes and meatloaf?  How dare you tug at my heartstrings!  Needless to say, I thought this spot was simply just a cafe/cupcakery.  Little did I know they served a damn fine dinner.  We strolled in to find a warm and cozy atmosphere, killer service and excellent food.  I opted for the bacon meatloaf and it lived up all my expectations.  Studded with carrots, it was heavy on the rosemary, which I happen to like and the ancho ketchup really rounded things off.  My wife's fish fry was legit in every way; a nice chunk of panko-encrusted cod, panfried and served with coleslaw and potatoes.  We finished off the meal with cupcakes.  I opted for an eggnog with brandy frosting and it was damn tasty.  We can't wait to go back.  Breakfast, here we come!
3	Can't really give a full blown review since this was an after thought of a stop on our way out of Madison. My husband and I needed a place to pick up some treats to share with his niece and since I'm a sucker for cupcakes this was what my Yelp research led me to.Ryan and I quickly popped in to grab an assortment of cupcakes. The flavors varied which was a plus and there were some really interesting ones to select from. We got a red velvet, mocha chocolate, hot chocolate, lemon blueberry, buttered rum, and chai latte. My husband tried the mocha chocolate and his only complaint was that there was a bit too much frosting. His niece commented on how the hot chocolate one had marshmallow also in the filling. A friend of mine devoured the red velvet and said it was good while another said the buttered rum was delicious but the cake was a bit crumbly.Overall the cupcakes were pretty good a little heavy on the frosting side. The other comments I heard from friends and family was that the fillings were tasty and pretty spot on. Definitely worth checking out.
5	This update has been a long time coming! Rullll long. After SEVERAL more visits to DCC I can safely say this place rawks my socks off. I've grown to love their meatloaf, many of them, the bacon wrapped being my fave. But there's like 8 bajillion varieties so it's hard to pick a favorite. Their lunch sammies are uber tasty and the sides are delicious, the edamame a standout in my book. On a recent trip and during a weird week when I went super Paleo they made some mad accommodations for me which I appreciated. As rad as the menu is, as funky/cool as the interior is, as rawkin' as the jams are, nothing beats the people. Voted Madison's favorite servers three years in a row (the place has only been open for 3) there's just a good "we'll take care of you" sort of vibe about the place I've grown to love. I get the feeling that owners and staff are really in business to make people happy, push the envelope of what "healthy eating" means (it can taste good) and have a vested interest in the community and its history.
5	Have had a tasting of Daisy's breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  This place is not just a cupcakery, but a delicious restaurant serving the best meatloaf I have ever had.  I don't normally like Reuben sandwiches, but Daisy put a twist on the sandwich and made it into a meatloaf.  Absolutely delicious.  Located in a unique neighborhood, Daisy adds to the charm of the Atwood community.  Would highly recommend Daisy for any meal and you can't leave without trying one of their unique cupcakes!
5	Best egg sandwich ever!  It's on rosemary bread with avocado, bacon, tomato and is delish.  The cupcakes are totally worth the calories!
5	Woohoo. This cafe/cupcakery/restaurant is like a really awesome quilt, sewing together my favorite aspects of local business: community, great food, local flava, cupcakes, coffee. I first came during a Yelp elite event (holler!) and couldn't wait to get back for more. The cupcakes are a no brainer. The chocolate cake with raspberry butter cream is like biting into a chocolate dipped raspberry: pure bliss. They have boozy chocolate truffles too, which I will definitely try next time.The meat loaf is not what you think. It's more like the hot, young mistress meatloaf vs. the old grandma meatloaf you got when you were a kid. The house made (that's right) chorizo and pepper jack is my favorite, blending in one of my favorite sausages in a way that makes you feel full, but not stuffed.Come for coffee, food, and dessert. Everything you need, they've got!
5	What a great brunch experience!! We arrived at peak brunching time and were nervous there would be a wait-- however, they have so many tables that our wait was less than 10 minutes! From then on, it was nothing but smooth sailing.Our server was a total rock star-- we sat in their back room and he was all hustle, efficiency and friendliness. Nothing took too long, which is unusual for a brunch service, and our food was just perfect at a great price. The side of potatoes is probably my favorite in Madison now! We will definitely return and next time, I'll save room for a cupcake.
4	I want so badly to give the cupcakery 5 stars. It truly is my favorite and most visited restaurant in Madison. Delicious food, and I am so extremely grateful for the healthy options. I LOVE the vegan "meat"loaf. Brunch here is just lovely. I love the atmosphere, and the service is always exceptional. Unfortunately... I haven't been impressed by the cupcakes (and I keep trying!) Since the cupcakes are their namesake I cannot justify the 5th star.
4	See? I did it...I stopped back to try their food. Boy, was I glad I did! My friend and I got brunch on a Sunday. There was a short wait when we arrived around 11 am. We browsed the cupcake selection while we waited. Their "cupcakes of the month" are very pretty.We were seated and attended to by the best server. He was amazing! My friend got the huevos rancheros (her second time ordering them). I got the turkey meatloaf with pesto, feta and sun dried tomato. It was served with some sauteed vegetables and grilled potatoes with great seasoning. Everything was fresh and delicious.After breakfast, we ordered a couple of cupcakes each to take home. I ended up trying the root beer, red velvet and one made with Tyranena beer (from my hometown)! The red velvet was the least expensive and the best. Great frosting, ok cupcake. The other two were $3.25 a piece. I probably wouldn't get another "cupcake of the month" again since I liked the $2.75 cupcake the best.I wish they would drop the cupcake part of their name. If rating on cupcakes, they get a 3. If rating on food, they get a 5. So I had to average it out to a 4 since they do promote their cupcakes.
4	This place is awesome. Some friends and I went there for brunch last weekend- enjoyed by meat eaters, vegetarians, savory and sweet lovers alike. Try the egg breakfast sandwich on rosemary bread or the No Meat loaf with crimini mushrooms and nuts. Deeeeelish.
5	Nothing but good things to say about this place. Their menu contains something for everyone, be you meat-eater, vegetarian or vegan, or gluten-free. And everything tastes delicious. I can attest to this as I had brunch here with my parents and my boyfriend's parents...everyone had different palettes/tastes but everyone found something tasty! I had the chorizo and avocado omelette which comes with homestyle potatoes and fruit. The omelette was a bit greasy, but such is always the case with food containing chorizo. The omelette was delightful and could have been spicier, but the egg was fluffy and the chorizo made it hearty. My mom ordered the No-Meat Loaf and said it was pretty good. I'll take her word for it. Not ready to go veg yet. I'll be back for the sumptuous looking cupcakes and to try the rest of their menu offerings :)
4	I stopped by Daisy Cafe recently for lunch with a friend and will definitely be back (partly because of how many chorizo dishes they have; I LOVE CHORIZO!) From the moment we walked in the door, the staff was incredibly friendly and eager to tell us about the delicious looking cupcakes in their display case. We were immediately seated and quickly brought the homemade Arnold Palmer which was quite tasty. Unable to resist the call of chorizo, I ordered the Chorizo Strata. The bread cubes were perfectly toasted and the spicy, yummy flavors of the pepperjack cheese and chorizo blended beautifully in each bite! My friend ordered the Daisy Burger and although I loved my strata, I have to admit that I couldn't help but steal bites of his burger throughout the entire meal. The chicken patty was so moist and flavorful that I just couldn't resist. I will likely order it myself when I visit again!To end our wonderful meal, we shared one of the month's featured cupcakes, "The Blues." With a sweet potato cake, filled with BBQ/Bacon/Chocolate ganache and topped with a whiskey buttercream, this was definitely unlike anything I had ever tried before and it was amazing! It was very tasty, but having sampled many cupcakes before, I would say that the cake lacked a bit of moisture. Still delicious though.Daisy Cafe is definitely a place worth visiting! Not only is the food delicious, but every member of the staff is extremely eager to share information about their menu and cupcakes!
3	I ate at Daisy today and the meal was great. I had the Daisy cod sandwich and my husband had the smoked salmon omelet. The cod was flaky and hot, and the potatoes were perfectly seasoned. We got a couple of cupcakes to go. We dived into them later that evening, and mine tasted like it had been sitting in the case for a week. So stale and dry. Was totally excited about eating that cupcake and was so disappointed!
4	Eclectic restaurant. Came here for lunch and was delighted by the range of dishes, the hanging stained glass art, and the variety of bevies. My table ordered cobb salads, chicken sandwiches and one of their premium cupcakes. They have a rotating menu of cupcakes, so I went wild with their "Rock & Roll" concoction. It had buttercream and toffee and I don't know what all, but it was as rich as can be and that little nugget was all I needed to cap off a delightful meal.
4	Tofu scrambles gets me going day and night. Usually i go to Monty's for the bk for din option, but tried Daisy's version for Sunday brunch this morning. Verdict - yummy (and gluten free, yes!). I don't know if they do breakfast all day, but if they do, I'll add this to my repertoire. If they don't, they should - please do. We didn't get "Madison's favorite waitstaff" service though. Negative one star for that. But I'll give it another try at Daisy's for sure.
4	Waaaay more than just cupcakes!  My husband and I went there for brunch on a Saturday around 12:30p and we were seated right away.  The place was jumpin', but they have a ton of tables which means almost no wait time.  I had the breakfast sandwich--really delicious, but beware if you're intimidated by messy food (or if you're on a first date!)  The sandwich has a fried egg and by the time it makes it to your table it will be bleeding yolk!  I think I used 15 napkins throughout the course of the meal (okay, only two :)The potatoes were spicy and just what I needed to wake me up.  Great coffee too if you're thinking of just going to use the wifi.  Will def return for some sweets in the near future.
2	This review is based on my experience going to buy cupcakes and not having a meal here.  The woman behind the counter was cold....when you enter a place known for cupcakes, I feel like the staff should be smiling, helpful and appear to have a sugar rush at all times!  I ordered 4 cupcakes:  triple chocolate, lemon blueberry, strawberry rhubarb and carrot cake.   The cupcakes were......meh.....and small.  For $12 the cupcakes should have been more substantial.  When I go somewhere to buy baked goods, I go because they are supposed to be better than what I make at home.  The only one that I would consider better than what I would make at home was the chocolate cupcake.  I have to say that I'm not impressed and I probably wouldn't be back.
4	I've been there 3 times and each meal has been rock solid. The award winning egg sandwich was that good amount of savory, crunchy breakfast whoa you want when you want a unique breakfast sandwich you can't replicate at home.The pesto & vegetable pasta was the least favorite meal I've had here... but I should state, pasta isn't my favorite, so part of that was me. The flavors were there but it's hard to wow me with pasta. And it was a creamer dish than I anticipated. I expected a raw pesto base, not a creamy one.Finally - the Daisy Cod Sandwich. WHOA!! All sorts of amazing things happening with that combination of panko breaded cod, slaw and sauce. HIGHLY recommend. (Although, if you're not a fan of spicy sauce, have the sauce on the side.)Sadly, the cupcakes aren't my favorite in town. They aren't loaded with sugar, which is a plus. But I find them a little dry and haven't found a flavor that wows me. Oh- and the soup! Super good - made in house. (Very important to me.) Worth a try if your'e in a soup mood.
3	Listed as a bakery with gluten free options, I was excited to try this place.  There were many many baked items, and two of them were gluten free cupcakes.  I got one of each.  They were DELICIOUS!  They were moist, flavorful, and very much a treat.  They were also tiny and quite pricey.  If I lived nearby, I'd probably get one on rare occasion as a nice treat, bu not regularly and certainly I wouldn't spend the money to get enough for a party.Also worth mentioning, they did have one vegan option, as well.  The vegan option was not one of the gluten free, so I didn't try it.  Judging on the gf ones, I'd guess everything they make is probably scrumptious.  And maybe the non-gf baked things are more reasonably priced?  But that's not relevant to me, or this review.  :)
5	This *is* the best brunch place in Madison. I *will* fight you in a physicial fight about this.Because cupcakes.But also, their spicy breakfast options are awesome, and that's what I want.And their mimosas are the best.So in review: Cupcakes + spicy breakfast + mimosa = Correct! Maybe even #Correct!
2	Hype.  This is pretty much the extent of this place.  I love cupcakes too, but impress please.  I tried their "Extreme" vanilla.  More like boring.  The cupcake was moist but did not hold its shape well.  I like to try basic flavors, after all if you can get something right then you are doing well.  The frosting was thin and a bit oily.  It was not putrid, but I will never buy another one.  For the price they charge for a cupcake, I want flavor bursting in my mouth.  And it was just ok.  Gigi's is a bit of a drive but I would head over there instead.  They are a step above Daisy.  I feel so let down.
5	absolutely AMAZING!!  I get all verklempt just thinking about this place actually!  Brandon was our server - ask for him.  This was by FAR one of the best brunches I've ever had.  I also got their fresh brewed green tea - really yummy!  The vibe in this place is so cozy I'm happy just recalling it.  We'll be back for sure!!  My only complaint is that I don't live closer!
5	For cupcakes I definitely think they are as good as it gets! They are creative and always delicious. I've had lunch and dinner here. The menu is fabulous, the options are unique and fresh! The lemonade is home made and it is absolutely wonderful. The only bad thing I could say about this place is that they should get comfier chairs ;)
5	Breakfast!  It still exists!I have spent years trudging through one breakfast place after another.  Often a mirage would appear upon the horizon of what promised to be an oasis of perfectly cooked eggs, sausage, potatoes and other morning food staples only to have the image fade with the sad plate set before me.  Though some restaurants did better than others none became a true go to place for true satisfaction.   Then suddenly, without mirage -though with some high recommendations by others, I entered the Daisy Cafe and Cupcakery.  My experience went like this:Cafe.  Here it is.Place to park.  Good.Greeted as I entered.  Good.Cupcakes? Yep, there they are.Seating?  A lot of tables and some terrific artwork dancing off the walls.Menu. Bam! Pow! Kazzowie! This is GREAT!   Look at the great selection.  Happily my dish and the dishes of those with me were all excellent.  Everything was served beautifully. We eat with our eyes you know.   The coffee was very good. (imagine!)  The service was spot on.  The potatoes were some of the best tasting and correctly done I have had in a long long time.I now have a place go to for a good breakfast with entrees done in unique and creative ways.  Thanks for putting these dishes on a menu and having someone who can cook like this.After breakfast I explored a little more.  The art in the back room is somewhat Edward Goreyesque.  Is this for Halloween?  Or does this art remain in the back room throughout the year?  I like it for the season but not year round.  The washroom was a bit crowded/awkward.  It was clean and the mirror is terrific.  I just hate being squeezed up against a wall.  Can you improve this?  Yes.Overall, I and those with me had a great breakfast and a good time.  If more people find out how good the food is here they will run out of room fast.
5	Cupcakes seem to be on the tail end of "big things" lately.  While I still think of it as a bit of a fad, I hope that it outlasts frozen yogurt, but only if it means that places like Daisy still around.The staff here is great.  They're exceptionally friendly and proud of their space, and they've never seemed frantic or annoyed when faced with a pile of people at the counter waiting for those random folks who take five minutes to pick out a few cupcakes to go.  That says a lot when you look at the overall size of the place.The cupcakes themselves have always been spot on for me.  They make a soft icing, rather than the solid block of sugar on top through which you must cut.  The cake itself is always moist, and they run through a bunch of great themes, such as the Oktoberfest line they've got in place now.  I just picked out six and I have to give all kinds of props to the oatmeal stout and the pumpkin that I ate.  I missed out on the other four because I was too polite and shared.I don't get here as often as I would like since I come in from Milwaukee, but I make it a point to come by every time I'm in the general neighborhood.  This is one of those shops that I've found Milwaukee has yet to match.
5	Amazeballs custom cupcakes!Ordered custom cupcakes and blew away my expectations.  Amazing!Easy to work with for custom orders.  My client nearly peed in their pants and didn't' want to eat them they were so perfect and pretty.  Daisy Cafe and cupcakery is now on speed dial (that is if I still had a phone like that).I need to get back over there to actually sit down, enjoy the coffee, other foods and I heard their bloody mary's might shame your mother.
3	I like taking out of towners to Daisy's. It has a really cool vibe that you don't get from too many other places. Wait staff here can be a little surly from time to time.. But usually they are just indifferent (which isn't much better). Also for whatever reason, it is ALWAYS so hot in this place. I must have never visited in the winter months, because I'm sure it's cooler.. But when I go here, I always start sweating!As for food.. Yum!!!!  I love the award winning egg sandwich! And not that I ever would, but I like the option that you can substitute the bacon for avocado. This place is not only vegetarian friendly, but they have MANY vegetarian dishes that are actually tasty (many places cater to vegetarians only by omitting meat, but not by adding anything tasty and substantial to their dishes). Also, the potatoes that come on the side of many dishes are absolutely delicious. I love that I can eat here if I want to eat healthy and leave feeling full and satisfied, but I can also choose to pig out if I want and be equally satisfied.
5	Favorite breakfast in Madison. The food tastes so fresh and so flavorful. The chili espresso steak hash is a must order.
5	Just went here with the kiddos.  We didn't even get cupcakes and LOVED it!  The orzo vegetable havarti salad is soooooo good!!  Pretty much every plate was clear!  The kids chicken is grilled, which my eldest didn't realize when she ordered (her bad for not reading the word "GRILLED"), so she didn't love it, damn kids and their love of deep fried chicken strips.  I didn't think I was so hungry when we went in, but couldn't stop eating!!  I had the TBA (turkey, bacon, and avacado), I devoured it.  I will definitely be coming back here next time I am in Madison!!!
4	Met some friends here for brunch on Sunday, 11/17. I had been to Daisy for a Yelp event almost a year ago; it was great to return and enjoy it as a "civilian."+ Huge space; no wait, even at peak brunch time (11:00am on a Sunday)+ Very friendly, fast, and fun staff+ Coffee & water refills were prompt and plentiful+ Excellent selection of brunch items+ Omelets were fantastic - everyone in our small group ordered a different omelet, and each looked and tasted better than the next- Eggs were slightly (ever so) over-cooked. A little browned across the board.+ Fresh fruit and fresh CSA-supplied veggies were a bonus+ Super reasonable prices- Checkout process was slow and confusing... a group of 6 was checking out in front of us and it took 10+ minutes for us to pay+ Huge selection of delicious-looking cupcakes taunt you from a cabinet near the entry- I want to eat all of them- I can't eat all of them- They haunt my dreamsI waited far too long to return to Daisy... I'll be back more often!
4	This place rocks! They have an excellent variety of cupcakes (vegan, gluten-free, etc) with a huge dining room that let's you just sit and chat without rushing you out. The only downside is the small parking lot, but the neighborhood offers lots of places if the lot is full, and you can park on Atwood. :-)
4	Great place for tasty, locally sourced brunch! Walked in at peak brunch time on a Sunday: No wait for a table, friendly service and hot coffee! What more could you want? The decor is artsy and adorable, lots of mosaics and stained glass. Oh, and the cupcakes are AMAZING! So glad to have a great place within walking distance of my place!
4	Definitely worth a return trip.  A warm and friendly interior, each table is different, one from the next.  Mismatched chairs and tables, ready to seat two to four to more, seemingly from antique shops all across Wisconsin.  With paper lanterns warmly lit above you, I love how each table makes you feel like you're sitting in someone's cozy kitchen. The menu offered a variety and was fairly priced.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  Food was so-so, but I'd be up for trying again since I really liked the ambiance and energy.  I had the Strata (which was a bit to bread-y for me, but I suppose I should have known better).  We went around 10am on a Sunday and were able to get a table without a problem. By 11am, there were still tables available!  Nice...   The place was definitely family-friendly (translation: NOT quiet) so don't go thinking this is a cafe where you are going to be working on a term paper!  All in all, I'm ready to go back!
3	Good local place that will surprise you with their options. Menu is large and they are friend to special diets and vegetarians/vegans. They are known for their cupcakes but I have to say they are expensive and are the size of half of a average lady's palm. I tried the vegan cupcake even though I am not vegan. Shockingly, it was pretty darn good and taste like " the real deal".  My issue is the atmosphere. Place is very small and I feel like I am sitting on top of other people. Nothing is uniformed which isn't an issue but they need new tables and chairs. I just felt very uncomfortable while dining there the 2 times I've gone.Good would get a 4 stars but atmosphere hurts opinion a bit. 3.5 stars.
4	Just met a good friend here for breakfast. And it was great! We both had the egg sandwich..... Amazing. I had a Bloody Mary, which I wasn't too thrilled with. But everything else was awesome with the service and food.
3	The food is good and they have a great family atmosphere.   We've had no issues with taking our 1 yr old and 3 1/2 yr old there.  We've only ever had to wait a short time (only wait was a Friday night at dinner time, prime going out to eat time in Madison, so it made sense).  Everything I've eaten there (fish, pasta, burgers) has been pretty good. A prior reviewer did comment on how tight it is in there and I would agree, at times it can feel like you are sitting way too close to the table next to you.  However the staff has always accomidated us with moving, shifting tables, etc.  However, I am not a fan of their cupcakes.  I have tried them multiple times and they just don't do it for me.  The cupcakes are more like muffins and the frosting always seems to be lacking in flavor.  Go for the food, search somewhere else for cupcakes.
2	i want to like these guys so badly, they always have really creative cupcakes designs and flavors so i keep giving them a shot when i am in town but EVERY TIME THE FROSTING IS TERRIBLE!!!  frosting-shaped creamed butter is not buttercream frosting.  other food options are just okay.
2	The food is always pretty good, but the cupcakes are always mediocre. My coworker once again bought some for employees for Valentine's Day, and the one I just ate isn't something I'd recommend.
4	Well, their award winning egg sandwich lives up to it's name. Deliciously served on toasted bread with cream cheese, egg, onion and bacon, with a side of fruit and oven roasted potatoes. It's outstanding. Their award for best wait staff? Meh, average, really. But the food, or what I've tried, is the real treasure here in this cute little diner. Still need to try those cupcakes!
1	very surrealistic, they had a guy mopping the floors and water girl who was always caring water classes, no one to take orders, I think water girl was supposed to, hopefully not mop boy, after almost a half hour waiting for someone to take our orders we left.
1	Cupcakes are terrible!  I have given this place a shot a couple times hoping that I just had a bad batch of cupcakes the first time around...but I was wrong!  The cakes were really dry for 3/4 cupcakes I tried and the frosting for all of them was SUPER greasy.  They did not sit well at all and I would definitely not recommend them to anyone.  The food on their menu looked pretty good, but we had only went in for cupcakes and will not be back to actually try their food.
4	This has become a regular spot for my boyfriend and I to get breakfast or brunch on the weekends. My most common order is the breakfast sandwich which is just delicious. I also commonly get the huevos rancheros.  The place is usually hopping with couples of different ages and young families  - but somehow they avoid long wait times. The service is almost always excellent (attentive, speedy, cheerful) and the prices are reasonable.  The ambiance is sort of "bohemian sunflower farm"; with mismatched wooden tables and chairs but decidedly hippy-flare. I've definitely enjoyed becoming a regular here.
5	YUMMY! YUMMY! YUMMY! Whenever I'm in the mood for fresh food, great service, and unbeatable prices (which is always) I head to the Daisy Cafe and Cupcakery. Their breakfast, lunch, and dinner menus feature a variety of food that are prepared with the utmost of care! I recommend this restaurant to everyone with taste buds and stomachs! Make sure to try the bacon chocolate cupcakes!
3	I want to find another star for this review but just cannot.Great service and  in my neighborhood yet I just can't get into it. Maybe it is what I ordered, a smoked salmon salad,  but this is not the first time I was underwhelmed.My dining companions loved their meals, chicken and salmon. Maybe it is me.My salad was so uninspired. Lettuce, Gorgonzola and salmon with some onion. Nothing crunchy, nothing special. It was fresh and of sufficient size. That is all I can say.I have eaten at Daisy a few times before. I have had their breakfast strata and enjoyed that just fine. I once had the veggie chili and really liked that!. I have had a couple of sandwiches I can't remember and some meatloaf i did not care for.I had a fancy cupcake which did nothing for me. Maybe that is a good thing because I do not need the calories or the sugar.I will go back, likely for breakfast.Each to their own.
3	This was my first time eating at Daisy Cafe and Cupcakery.  And wow!  Do they really have great food!  I took a chance on something a little crazy.  It was the turkey pesto and sun dried tomato meatloaf.  It was served with breakfast potatoes and grilled veggies.  Wow!  The seasoning was amazing.  The flavors were robust and bold.  There was even a little spice element.  Just delicious.  I would recommend that everyone try this place out.  The serving was bigger than necessary but no complaints.  The service was great.  When our server was busy another server stepped in to clear our plates.  Brunch only took us about an hour but at no point were we rushed.  Our food was up fast and hot.  Now, for the missing stars.  I tried a strawberry and chocolate ganache cupcake.  It just was not great.  I am so disappointed with their cupcakes.
5	Love this place! The breakfast is amazing. The spicy potatoes and pancakes are to die for!!
4	I have to agree with others when they say that the signature item of this restaurant is the worst thing they have (their cupcakes!). I'll save the rest of my cupcake bashing to myself just because they made up for it everywhere else. The FOH staff is always attentive and almost "too nice", but in a good way. Food and drinks are amazing. The atmosphere is unique and inviting. Always a good experience when I visit.RATINGS (A+  --  F)Service: AFood: B+Drinks: APrice $: BAtmosphere: A-Overall Experience: B+
5	Ate lunch it was fantastic had an egg dish excellent and the service was great very attentive.
3	It's not that I didn't like this place, it's that I didn't like it enough to ever want to come back. The food is basic and other reviews scared me from trying a cupcake. If the food was more expensive this place would be a wet blanket. But because the prices were reasonable, i left feeling satisfied but not wowed. I got the chorizo omelette and the potatoes were cold. That was super disappointing.
5	Been coming here for brunch for quite a while.  While it is a cupcakery, the brunch is extraordinary.  They also have great coffee and the service is happy.
5	Really nice place. One of the places we like to take out of state visitors. The vegetarian selection are very high quality. Delicious cupcakes.
4	Never knew Cupcakeries existed before coming here. Great name, great food in addition to the cupcakes. The meatloaf in particular is awesome, and that's a hard dish to make good. Great breakfast menu too. Scrambles and frittata are delicious. You are almost obligated (oh how unfortunate...) to have a cupcake after meals. To say they're the best cupcakes I've had would be an understatement. They also get creative points for themed cupcakes.
5	We came all the way from Austin, TX to visit family. It was about noon but we were craving breakfast food. This place is so awesome! Great big portions, super friendly service and a cozy environment. Breakfast is served till 3!
5	Daisy is one of our favorite spots in town.  We tend to think of them first for breakfast or brunch, but there are great lunch and dinner choices as well.  I'm a big fan of their chili-espresso steak hash, the burgers, and you have to try the meatloaf (several varieties to choose from)!Daisy consistently wins the "friendliest waitstaff" award in local polls, as you'll see why when you come in.  It's an eclectic cafe with a casual atmostphere.  As the name implies, they have a bakery case full of all sorts of interesting cupcakes.  Today's variety included maple bacon (with actual strips of bacon!) and at least two that were made with local beers.
4	First time here, and ordered my meal to go.  The young lady that took my order was super friendly! I give an extra star for great customer service. The food has that diner comfort feel.
1	This is also a cupcake only review. I have had multiple flavors of their cupcakes on multiple occasions. Sorry to say they are really bad. Dry, crumbly, hard and the buttercream frosting is greasy rather than buttery. The last one was so bad that I only had about 2 bites before throwing it away. I can't remark on their other food but since they have "cupcakery" in their name, I would expect good cupcakes.
2	Went on a weeknight for dinner and was disappointed by the very slow service that was never explained (maybe this is typical?). I'm pretty patient too but the time it took for a server to take our order almost had me ready to leave. Then took longer to get our meal. Food was good but not amazing. Had a toddler with us and thought the kid menu was ok. It's a minor point but didn't realize that the diet coke I ordered was a single can vs fountain drink w/refills (can't recall the price but it was high). I really wanted to like this but won't be back. Doesn't live up to the hype at least for dinner, won't try to see if breakfast or lunch is better.
1	Mediocre service. The waitress looked my daughter and I as if we did not belong. We only had coffee and cupcakes .The coffee was ok, but for a place that calls themselves a ''cupcakery'' you would think they offered at least decent cupcakes. the moisture of the cupcakes is ok, but they merely tasted like sugar without real savory taste. I observed how waiters assisted the customers and I was just not impressed with the level of service. Most waiters did not hide the fact that they did not want to be at work on a sunday morning.
5	Throughout my time living in Madison I always loved stopping at Daisy's for their amazing food and cupcakes. I've had many good experiences with them, but I am finally writing a review because of how wonderful of a job they did providing cupcakes and a wedding cake for my wedding this past June. They provided almost 300 cupcakes in 5 different flavors for the wedding, and it was one of the things my guests raved about the most. On top of that, my husband and I got a two tier wedding cake made from their champagne cake with strawberry frosting and it was incredible! Daisy's was great to work with, flexible, on time and made our day that much more special! I would recommend them not only to go and eat their next time you are hungry in Madison, but to also hire them for your next event or party!
4	Cupcakery,If you're reading this, please take the following as a compliment...After eating here, I felt like I should have just taken the day off, gotten high, and wandered around State Street for the afternoon.The chill-ness of this place kind of permeates into your bones.  It's just a kitsch, cool, Madison breakfast joint that you should check out.
4	Stopped in here today on a whim and was pleasantly surprised.  I got my order to go, so I cannot speak of service when seated, but leaving my order and pick up was smooth and simple.  The food was very good and my husband devoured the cupcake I brought home to him before I could get another bite.  My only complaint was that the building was hot and I was sweating while waiting for my food.
5	Hands down my favorite place to grab a meal while in Madison.  I've never been disappointed by any of their menu offerings but try their fish sandwich and their chorizo biscuits and gravy.  Fantastic food all around.
4	Came for the cupcakes but ended up eating. The breakfast potatoes are superb. I had the tuna steak sandwich. Fabulous. Everyone in the group enjoyed their food. It was a little slow getting the did burr worth the wait. Atmosphere was enjoyable. One guy was working on the laptop while others socialized. Fun place!
4	This is one of my favorite places in town for breakfast, lunch and dinner. First, there is a reason the team wins the friendliest staff award in the annual Isthmus poll. We have always had outstanding service, both friendly and helpful.The menu is extensive and accommodates a variety of tastes and food allergies. Vegetarians, vegans, carnivores, herbivores, locavores, Atwoodavores, blah, blah, etc., etc., will love it here.My favorite thing on the menu is the panko breaded cod sandwich. I'm not into gigantic sandwich buns so I end up scraping off the sauce and eating the sandwich with a knife and fork and eating 1/2 the bun. Today I decided to order the sandwich without the bun. Why didn't I think of this earlier? The presentation was beautiful. I had two pieces of the cod, a side of slaw (nice, light slaw, not drowning in dressing), side of the special pesto sauce, side of tartar sauce (which I did not eat - not my thing) and a side of fruit. It was a perfect lunch, and as I added it up in My Fitness Pal, it was just about 500 calories, even with the breadcrumbs on the fish. Eating healthy in a restaurant is very difficult, but I feel like I know what I'm eating at this restaurant.And, oh my god, don't forget the cupcakes. I skipped one today but have had nothing but great cupcakes in the past. My only complaint is they are light on the frosting. I'm not much of a cake fan, but I can throw down a bowl of rich, buttercream frosting (sounds crazy after all this healthy talk above, but that's how I roll). I'm probably going to continue to skip the cupcakes unless they start adding more frosting.Bottom line: great food, great service. Visit soon!
4	Sweet place.  Came here for the first time a few days ago and had a great lunch.  The caprese egg salad sandwich was fresh and full of flavor.  The coffee was good and the service was prompt.  Chill vibe- I will be back!
4	I've been here twice while visiting family and I will say with me moving to Madison in the new few days I do plan on stopping in more often :)The first time I was here we came for dinner, cousins raved about the place and how good their breakfast was...but wanted to try it out for dinner.  The food was great, love the atmosphere here very homey. The staff was pleasant, but the wait on the food, to get a drink, and to get a refill was extremely long for the amount of people that were in there. The second time I visited we decided to stop in for breakfast, for a weekday it was surprisingly busy. Got a coffee and the breakfast sandwich and substituted the bacon for avocado and tomato. Now, I found a new found love for avocado, so this bfast sandwich was to die for, for my taste buds. The service was alot better this time around, speedy, very friendly, and attentive to all of her tables!Definitely stopping in alot more :)
5	Okay, I've been here three times in the past couple of weeks, so I've decided that I must really like this place. Therefore, it deserves five stars...But if you want to get technical, Daisy's is hands down my go to spot for breakfast. It's a very cozy atmosphere, which the colder weather will soon highlight. I'm all about ambience and this place has it. On top of harboring such a welcoming vibe, Daisy's also houses some kick ass food. Be it the egg sandwich, which I can't get enough of, or one of their signature strata's - I prefer the crimini mushroom & gruyere - you will not leave disappointed. You could even dabble into their lunch & dinner menu (I've heard great things about their chili, cod sandwich, and their sloppy jose). This place kind of has it all, including their notorious cupcakes, which in all honesty I have yet to try. I'm more of a savory kind of guy.I must also mention that service is topnotch. Refills aplenty, knowledge of the menu and specials, and consistent even while extremely busy.
4	Eat there yesterday. Good food, great service. Very welcoming. I had the no meatloaf and my husband had the biscuits and gravy. Very good, my veggies were good potatoes were fantastic. Cupcakes were good, but not buttercream like the description online. That was disappointing. Good flavors though.
5	My boyfriend and I finally tried this place for Saturday brunch after I moved just up the street almost 3 months ago. We were very impressed!! We are major suckers for the nearby Monty's Blue Plate diner, but the long wait times there can get annoying when all we really want is a high quality, delicious breakfast anyways. I am SO glad we came to Daisy Cafe. The restaurant was about 80% full so we were seated immediately at about 11:30 on a Saturday, when it can be tough to get a table in Madison.Their version of huevos rancheros was pretty unique, as it was served with seasonal roasated veggies and a creamy yet spicy avocado tomatillo salsa. My boyfriend got one of their omelets - something with bacon and cheese. He said it could've used a veggie or two, but I'm sure they could've added something if he had asked. The side potatoes were absolutely wonderful as well; had more than a bit of a kick to them. I don't think we will ever go for lunch or dinner, I'm not much a meatloaf person and none of the other options on the menu really stood out to me, but as a breakfast place it was perfect.Service was very friendly. I even noticed a woman next to us was asking for plain tomato juice, and the server searched all over the kitchen until he could find exactly what she wanted. We actually forgot to leave our tip on the table and didn't remember until we left the restaurant - they were totally nice about my mistake when I ran back in with a bunch of bills for the server. Cupcakes were just alright, I tried a strawberry champagne one but as a chocolate lover I know I'll have to give them another chance at some point. We will be back!
2	I call their signature offerings the Cupcakes of Indeterminate Flavor, because it's so hard to figure out what they're supposed to be. Too much frosting that has so much grease in it I feel like I've used shortening on my lips instead of Chapstick. Once you get to the cake, good luck. The texture is fine, but what is it? The fillings are random & the only cupcake I can identify on sight is the red velvet, which is nothing spectacular. Any cupcakes I've had from them have been free, which is good because I'd never pay for them.
5	I keep coming here and I keep leaving super happy!Breakfast review:Had the "award winning egg sandwich"; for the 1st time. I can clearly see why it may be called this. Yum! A fried egg with cream cheese, onion & cilantro. Yup, it's goodness all on toasted rosemary bread. Hard to beat this for a breakfast sandwich.The best  part of breakfast at Daisy is the red breakfast potatoes. I'm not sure what they are cooking in them but the really tasty. If I had to guess, It's almost like they are cooking them in some chorizo leftovers maybe...Great flavor & perfectly cooked.Fresh fruit with most of the breakfasts! Also if you order a omelet,  you will be very happy with what you are given!!!!!! They are never stingy with fillings/veggies/and meats. You are going to leave here happy. Trust me!Bottomless coffee. They keep your cup full the entire visit as well. Again, not sure what kind of coffee they are offering but it is great stuff! Daisy----I think you are great!
5	Love this place!  Everything I've had here has been amazing.  Everyone I have taken here has agreed.  House made chorizo is wonderful.  Can't go wrong with their breakfast food!  However, cupcakes were just so-so.
