5	Amazing customer service!  Used Noah's for our wedding ceremony /reception and they were phenomenal!! Never hesitated to answer any questions I had and were so helpful in making my day flow seamlessly!  Perfect.perfect!
3	I went to party here last weekend and it is very nice. We were in the sports themed room which was perfect. This room had a Pool Table, Ping Pong table and an electronic Shuffle Board type of game. Nice TV too. The bathrooms in the facility are beautiful. I did not get to peek into the other event rooms since they have privacy frosted glassed over them but I bet they are lovely.
5	We have rented this out numerous time for group events. Excellent staff and customer service in a top-notch facility with every modern resource available. Look no further than Noah's, if you're searching for a quality venue for a wedding or business retreat.
4	We held my son's Celebration of LIfe service in the largest event room which was great - very nice room, chairs were very comfortable.  At such a terrible time in my life, I really didn't want to have to deal with details or worry about setup, etc.  Noah's met this expectation and the staff was excellent, provided everything we asked and kept checking in to see if there was anything we needed.  They had told us there was a wedding event later in the day and they would need to start the setup at 1PM.  Due to the large turnout for the event, some of the guests were still around visiting, along with some of the items we had brought for the event at the time for the wedding setup to start.  They did not rush us but worked in other areas of the room that we were not occupying.  I would highly recommend you look at this venue for your event, whatever it might be.
5	We had our corporate party at Noah's on 12-15-12. It was fantastic. The staff was on point. We were so thrilled that we booked our 2013 holiday party at Noah's already.
5	Great venue! We booked for our vow renewal and reception.... Awesome place. I would highly recommend them!
4	I am a big fan of this place.  Ive driven by many times and have looked forward to attending an event there.  We were finally given the chance for a friend's surprise birthday party.  I assisted with the party setup and had the chance to speak with Noah's staff.  They were very helpful and they have a beautiful facility.
4	What a shocking surprise to find meeting space hidden behind a gas station. I've driven by here so many times, and wondered what it was. We were just invited to an event here, so I got to see the inside. The facilities seemed to be really nice, but as I walked to the bathroom, I remember thinking that the walls must not have a lot of insulation, as you could hear activity in the rooms. The rooms seem to be fairly plain, and can be dressed up or down based up on the decor. Certainly a nice space for an event or dinner where you need more space.
5	I held my wedding at Noahs. The staff here are amazing, especially Kirsten! She is the best and sweetest! :)They did an amazing job setting everything up!
3	The venue itself is lovely and a very excellent price for all of the amenities (tables, chairs, linens, sound system, mics, lifted stage, catering kitchen, patio, etc.).  Our guests loved it, they really enjoyed their time and we received many compliments.  My new-husband and I appreciated the attention to layout-details, coordination, and help with the set-up by the staff.  They were also willing to work with us on lighting adjustments and the ceiling decorations, which looked beautiful.The one major complaint that warrants this rating is the misinformation given by the staff, which seemed to change depending on who answered the phone or was working the event.  I called ahead to get information on 1) whether 2 wine bottles could be placed on the tables for the guests to self-serve during the event and 2) whether a grill-cart could be placed inside of the catering kitchen, since it was ventilated.  To both answers I got a "yes," however, come the day of the event, we were told neither could happen.  As a result, there was quite a bit of chaos the day-of our wedding, which could have been avoided if I had been given consistent answers.  And given that Noah's is strictly an event-venue, I expected the staff to be better coordinated and informed.
1	pretty place. not sure if we got the "b" squad or what.wedding day = most important day in two peoples lives (ususally)Noah's was seriously understaffed and seriously u prepared.DONT TRUST THEM TO HANDLE SOMETHING AS IMPORTANT AS YOUR WEDDING!!1. they RAN OUT OF ICE. not after several hours of partying, it was actually before the bridal party had even entered the party. DId they send out the manager or a bussboy to grab some ice asap?? no, they sent father of the bride..2. 2 urinals and two toilets in a mens room, shared among the 200+ guests at our wedding AAAAND the sweet 16 party going on in another room. I expect to wait in line for 10 minutes at a football game to piss, not at place dedicated to throwing such parties.3. Service was severely lacking. One of the servers came over to the bridal party minutes after we FINALLY got to sit down with a cocktail and told us " were gonna have some fun! The groomsmen are gonna help us hand out champagne glasses for the toast! I told her no, because I am a dick, several of the other groomsmen got up and begrudgingly helped. Not off a tray mind you, they were passing out champagne glasses from a giant leftover box from costco that once help kirkland signature cranberry juice in it.. Classy.4. the food that was supposed to be served on arrival (415 isn) was served at 530. once I took a bite, i realized that the food had been DONE since 415, but they just werent ready to serve it till much later. I have no idea how to make roast beef soaking in its own juices THIS DRY, but it was horrible. I got another serving of potatoes and choked them down since I hadnt eaten since breakfast.5. cleanliness and attention to detail. I took a pic of the windows at the entrance, it looked like someone had sprayed champagne or sprite all over them at a previous event. THIS IS THE F-ING ENTRNCE, at least take the time to wipe down the glass and the door handles!if you still are dying to have your wedding there, if you still dont believe me, get a contract that outlines a financial loss to Noah's when they fuck up extremely important details like ......I dont know. ICE.
4	Lovely venue, it would of got 5 stars if the staff wasn't so rude. Clearing the tables was not a favorite of the staff. Shaking their heads and mumbling under their breath as they walk away.  Much recommended.
5	Clean venue.  Great location for an event off the 202.  Bathrooms are very clean and the staff is very helpful.
4	I was invited to a wedding at this event center. The event center has a nice outdoors area with a trellis (where the wedding ceremony was held) and several indoor rooms. One room held the after ceremony reception, where a wine/beer station was setup along with a popcorn machine and a few other snacks. Then the party progressed into the main event hall, where there was a dance floor, a buffet station, plenty of tables/chairs, and this connected another outdoor area with concrete and shading. It seems like this place could hold multiple events at the same time, depending on the number/size of rooms needed. This specific wedding booked the entire place, so we had plenty of room to mingle. Overall, it was one of the nicer weddings and event centers I have been to.
