4	I order takeout from this particular China Joes on a regular basis. I guess they know me by now. The staff has been always the same for at least two years running. A pretty good selection of typical Chinese-American food. I've never been disappointed. The portions are average. The Hot and Sour soup is guaranteed to be good for me, but that's just me. I think this restaurant deserves kudos just for staying in business in these tough economic times delivering good, wholesome food that's never done me wrong! The restaurant is located in the Food4Less stripmall, so that should say something about the decor in the restaurant itself, so don't expect a whole lot regarding the decor. But this is a good, solid performing restaurant that has never screwed up my order and never upset my stomach. The value for the portion is fair.
4	This place used to be one of my favorite places to go. All the food is authentic chinese made cooked by chinese. The portions are more than generous with good prices. Visit this place you won't be disappointed..
5	Love this place they've got awesome chinese food!
2	ok prices, barely ok food, works in a pinch.
3	Food is good and cheap. I usually get delivery and it takes about an hour. Best chinese delivery place I have found.
1	Just went to eat with my honey before he went to work. We went to a place called China Joe's based on its usually packed when we drive by. Well obviously the people in this area have no taste buds cuz the food was trash, slop, garbage. I ordered the garlic shrimp which was suppose to be spicy...wasnt spicy, was slimy, and the sauce was gray, the noodles were chewy and tasteless, they tasted stale, and the bell peppers in the shrimp had big chunks that had rotten spots on them....gag! To top it off we arrived at about a quarter to 3pm...the menu said lunch prices until 4pm. We ended up paying almost $20 for two which should have been about $15 according to what we ordered. Not sure if there is waiter service or not because as soon as we walked in the door a toothless man in a filthy white shirt handed us menus so we sat down. Then a woman comes and takes our order. She brought us our food and drinks. Turned out toothless man was the cook. I had a view of the kitchen and noticed rivers of water running down the walls over his cooking area.  I want to throw up after just a few bites of each thing...if ever in las vegas DO NOT EAT AT CHINA JOE'S. Contemplating calling the health department if I am sick tomorrow. We eat alot of chinese food and this is the worst in my whole life.
4	We have ordered from this place several times and the food has been great every time.  We really feel the dinner for two meal combo is the best bang for your buck and they allow me to substitute my curry chicken in there.  Being in Centennial and not having much to choose from around here....I think it's a great option for Chinese food.  And the delivery time has always been pretty standard--usually 30-45 minutes.
