5	I received a menu in the mail for this restaurant and thought, I would give it a go.  I have lived in the valley for 28 years and to tell you the truth, I have never found any restaurants that have wonderful chinese food for a fair price.  WELL I HAVE FOUND IT NOW!!!!!  This place is located near power on Superstition Springs Blvd.  The building is very unassuming, but when you walk in it is nice ambiance, pleasant staff, great service and the food, absolutely top notch for very reasonable prices (most of the dinner entrees are $9-$11 and lunch specials from 11:30 am - 3 pm run $6.50 to $7.50.  My son ordered the Garlic Chicken and I had the Mu Shi Pork.  I was impressed with the variety of vegetables in the chicken dish and the Mu Shi Pork was perfectly done with beautiful presentation. Their menu says they do catering, they have family dinner pricing with the full meal deal in options, and they do take out.  (Check out their website).  They have a wonderful assortment of dishes and even have a kids meal...For years my family in UT have had a tradition of going to a place in Roy, call the ABC Mandarin.  I have always lamented that nobody in Arizona was as good as that restaurant...I now have one here I can treat my family to, and for the prices, I can eat there whenever I want!!!!  SSOOOOOO EXCITED to find this place and hope they are discovered and get a following quickly so they will stick around for a long long time...Give it a try, you will be absolutely amazed...I sure was!
2	Ordered takeout today.  2 orders of garlic chicken, wonton soup, fried rice.Ordering:  Glad to hear an Asian person answer the phone, instills confidence.  But seriously?  You can't substitute fried rice for $1?  They made me order a $4 side of egg fried rice (enough for 2).  Service:  Friendly and fast, no complaints.Food:  Overall pretty good.  I'm from the east coast and I don't understand veggies in my wonton soup.  Mediocre Chinese food is one of the prices I pay for living in AZ.  That, and not shoveling snow.  I can deal with it.  Garlic chicken was very flavorful, and spicy as we requested.  Fried rice was adequate, but I was still pissed about the $4.  Value:  $9+ per entree, and portions are not very large.  I can deal with that if the quality is good, and it is.  However there is the matter of the rice.  If you are going to charge extra for that you are going to lose customers.  And they didn't give me the white rice which would normally be included with my garlic chicken.Will I return?  Maybe.  I'm still pissed about the rice.
2	Bring your flashlight, lighting is very poor. The food is nothing more than barely average Chinese takeout. You could get the same or better quality elsewhere for less $$.
4	Went there last Friday evening. Food was very good but not very hot.  Two of us had just lukewarm food but it was still good.  Unfortunately, one of the guests had to wait quite awhile for his food; apparently the order had been forgotten.  By the time he got his food we were almost done.  The staff was fantastic and very attentive.  Loved being able to sit outside and the lighting was perfect.  Will definitely return again. Glad to have an upscale Chinese restaurant in the area.
3	New restaurant at Superstition Springs. Went in for lunch. Nothing special. I had the shrimp in lobster sauce, and walked out hungry. My son had the Kung Pao, and he did like it. We will more than likely try it again, and give it another chance!
5	My boyfriend and I went here for dinner. Lovely little place. We were there during Happy Hour and they have some great drink and appetizer deals. We got edamame and lettuce wraps. Both really good.I got Kung Pao Chicken and my boy got some kind of noodle dish. We both thought it was great! I took half mine home I was so full.Prices are reasonable, service was fast and good. Nice atmosphere for a date, but I would take my kids there too. Cute patio area. Totally worth going to again.We initially went because of a groupon and well worth it, but will definitely go back and pay the full price ;)
5	Been here a few times for both dine-in and takeout, and never had a problem yet.  I moved out this way from Tempe and noticed something of a drought of good and affordable Chinese in the area until my husband and I tried this place.  He likes the Orange Chicken, I'm a fan of the Beef Chow Fun and Lo Mein.  Like the ambience, it beats out the nearby PF Chang's for portions and price anyday.  Try it out sometime!
5	I went yesterday for lunch with my 2 buddies. We all loved it. We each got something different, Sweet and Sour Chicken, Orange Chicken and Kung Pao chicken. Since the lunch price is so reasonable we also got a Mongolian Beef to share. We shared all the food and it was all delicious. I love Sweet and Sour and Sai Wan's was top notch with lots of pineapple and peppers. The Kung Pao chicken was very good as well with beautiful slices of chicken in a nice sauce. The Mongolian Beef was very tender and great. It is a very clean well appointed place. I don't understand an earlier reviewers comments about the fried rice as it came with our lunch automatically and they also handled several special requests with no problem. I highly recommend Sai Wan Hong Kong Bistro and I will definitely go back as will my friends.
5	Best Chinese Food I have had since moving to AZ and I am from San Francisco. Great tasting & light, exceptional run dont walk to try it. Charlotte Gilbert
1	I will save you the time and money, don't go.They have removed a large portion of the menu and the food is no longer good. Spent $40 bucks tonight as I have been a loyal customer since they opened and EVERYTHING is different. So bummed as this was my go to place, always knew it would be delicious! :( Calamari used to be large with a light and fluffy batter and now it was nothing but chunks of hard unflavored batter. Bit into a piece and couldn't even see the calamari. They have removed all the Lo Mein noodle dishes so I instead did a pad Thai which was a rice noodle, it came out all in one big sticky mass with no taste. Pot stickers were to die for and they no longer make those. Broccoli beef was thick and savory with tender beef, now it was swimming in a watery teriyaki type flavored "sauce". The beef was tough and chewy. Egg fried rice was different as well. Got home, looked and tasted everything and pretty much threw away $40 worth of food. Bring back the old menu and cooks and I will consider returning. Until then I am taking my money, business and many many referrals of customers I have sent your way away from your business.  I have posted pictures of the food I bought this evening as proof.  Mine are the last 3 photos, you can tell the difference from mine and the older ones as far as quality. No more happy hour either. They have changed the name to Spice Asian Bistro as well. Shame the old owners had happy loyal customers and now the new ones are going to run a once amazing place out of business.
4	The restaurant is under new management, and the new owners are super nice!  I would highly reccommend the Shredded Szechuan Beef.  It is FANTASTIC. Just like Pf Chang's but with larger pieces of beef.
1	OUT OF BUSINESS. Spice Asian Bistro now occupies this space. Can't wait to try them out and post my review!
