3	Sunset Pizzeria is fairly new to the far east Henderson area, it occupies the building that Villa Pizza used to be in.  We decided to pick up a large pizza from Sunset Pizzeria this past weekend due to the special we saw on their menu, which was a large one topping for $9.99 (pick up or dine in only). We also decided to try 10 of the wings, priced at $8.99.  When I picked up our order I noticed the restaurant was set up where you order at a counter and when your food is ready they call your number. The employees were pleasant, and despite there being a line for to-go orders the cashier got me in and out fairly quickly... Now for the important part: How did the food taste? We had a mushroom pizza, the crust was well cooked and they did not skimp on toppings.  Wings were meaty and cooked well, extra crispy as we had requested. The issue with both the wings and pizza was a lack of sauce. My "hot" wings were more like mild wings and the pizza tasted like it was just cheese and mushrooms on crust with a splash of sauce. For the price, not too bad, next time I order I will request heavy sauce on my pizza and I bet it will taste a lot better. Note: They  charge a $2 delivery fee.
2	I had a chef's salad. It was as basic as it gets, everything was cut in large pieces making it difficult to eat. Plenty of iceberg lettuce but pretty stingy with the rest; half a tomato, a few spinach leaves and a few small pieces of ham, turkey and provolone. The blue cheese dressing was good with chunks of actual cheese. Cafeteria environment short on any ambiance.
3	We have had pizza from Sunset about a half dozen times now, twice as a dine in, the rest were pickup or delivery.  At first I was not thrilled by ordering at the counter since we had to stand in line for a bit, just seemed awkward, but it works.  They have a good variety of food but we are mixed on the ratings.  The pizza's we have got from here have been very good.  Generous amount of toppings, good sauce.  We have ordered the spinach pizza which was good but could have had a bit more spinach on it.  We have ordered their veggie which was also good with a good amount of toppings.  So why did they scrimp on the spinach that one time?  Maybe they were running low or something.  We have also got the Hawaiian and added green peppers and garlic, a favorite in the family and Sunset did a respectable job on it.I like the fact that their crust is not greasy.Where we have had trouble is with some of the entree's.  We tried the veal parmigiana, while it was good we did not think it was enough to justify the price.  Maybe we just got an unusually small order.  We also tried a meatball sub, which was OK but I wish they had toasted the bun first so it would not have been so soggy.  The cheesy breadsticks have always been good, but I have to remember to tell them go light on the cheese, my son likes a lot of cheese so he was happy.We also ordered their stromboli which, like their pizza, was good.  I think your better off spending a few extra dollars for a comparable pizza though.Lastly we got their chicken fingers lunch special once.  Pretty decent, but if I recall the ranch was a bit runny.  I would give this place a higher rating except the mixed luck we have had with the entrees.  By the way, friendly staff.
4	We get take out from Sunset once every two weeks the crust is perfect and they don't over do it with the sauce.  If you want thick crust and heavy sauce go back to Chicago, this is NY style pizza.  The take out/eat in special is now a $9.99 large cheese, it was a one topping.  economy I guess...  Still great for the price.
4	If you are from NY you know how hard it is to find good pie in this town.  Considering the water quality they have to work with this place is not half bad.  Good prices and close to my abode .... 4 stars!
5	I think they have GREAT specials..their hot wings are huge...very tasty pizza and very friendly family business...
5	I haven't eaten here since they first opened, until today. The pizza and the service were still great. A nice clean restaurant with good tasting food! Great prices for lunch too.
4	Nice place...family run.  Staff was friendly and the Ala Roma pizza was delicious. (Italian sausage, salami, pepperoni, tomatoes and garlic) and the mozzarella sticks were good too!  Will definitely be back.
5	My family and i love this place. Really great east coast style thin crust pizza. Family owned. They deliver too! Yum yum.
5	This is a yummy, adorable lil' pizza place that has so much more than just pizza! Everything from NY style pizza to Gyros to subs! The prices are reasonable, the staff is super nice, restaurant is clean, food is always hot and tasty, and they deliver til ten pm and go as far as Russell and Boulder. They are right next to the Cinadome 12 and within walking distance from old henderson so the location is nice as well!
5	The pizza is amazing here: we had mushroom and sausage as well as pepperoni.  We also had the regular garlic bread and cheesy bread which were pretty good. They also deliver to our area which is kinda on the outskirts, so that's a huge plus. Will for sure be eating here again soon!
5	AWESOME PIZZA!!! Had a large pepperoni & sausage last night, it was probably the best pizza I've had in Vegas in 10 years! No joke. Also it's a really cool, old school pizzaria. The kind of place that little league baseball teams go to which is exactly what was going on last night. Very charming and very family friendly. Pitchers of beer and soda. The locals sitting behind said everything is great and huge portions. We (wife and 3 kids) had 1 extra large pizza and couldn't finish it. Took 2 slices home. Great crust. High quality cheese and meats. Bummer it's located 20 miles from where I live, but we'll make the drive from Rhodes Ranch. Totally worth it. Highly recommended!!!
4	I love pizza especially new York style pizza! Sunset pizza makes me miss the east coast just a little bit less! Their chicken wings are pretty good too!
3	This restaurant offers decent pizza at a good price. Not as cheap as Little Caesar's, or Domino's but way more affordable than the previous tenant -Villa Pizza.You can pick up a large cheese pizza for $9.99 with each additional topping an extra $1.25. We also tried the medium buffalo wings (10 wings for $8.99). The wings were nothing special so you might be better off getting another pizza instead. The service has always been efficient, and the staff is friendly. Considering the same order would be double the price at Villa- I am happy to support Sunset Pizzeria instead.
1	I love to support the 'little guy' and not the chains...that said, this was the worse pizza I've ever ordered!  I gave them 2 tries...both times I was quoted 45mins for delivery... both times it was well over an hour before I got my pizza and BOTH times it was barely warm and soggy!  I was surprised it happened a 2nd time considering I told the girl on the phone about the last experience!  I told her maybe I should talk to the manager and she said there wasn't one on!  So when I called back after an hour and 20 minutes the guy said he would get the manager?!  Interesting!  Yes, he went ahead and comped my pizza....but that was after making excuses about being slammed and it's Wed and there is come car thing.  Not to be rude, but not my problem when I was quoted 45 mins and willing to pay over $20 for a pizza!
4	Never would have visited this delightful local pizza spot if it weren't for meeting up to watch the MNF game with 49er fans and Yelp friend Judd L and his sweet wife Lynn.If you're a longtime local you'll remember this place as the former home of Villa Pizza ..but it's different owners and family run business now.  I appreciate the varied menu items they have to offer and the prices are great deals.The staff is friendly didn't have too long of a wait for ordering or waiting for our food. The place is clean and the tables were always bused right away.For some reason it's emphasized that there is no table service. I found ordering at the counter a lot more efficient anyways for this type of joint.  The dining area is open and airy. Plenty of seating both booths and tables for larger parties and/or sport teams. The interior deco has a homey feel with cool Americana knicknacs on the shelves and photos hanging on the walls.  Tried their basic salad which was a pretty generous serving and perfect for a family of 4. Fresh,crisp and cold, that's good in my book. Spaghetti and Italian sausage was good too.  When dining w/hubby we got the Pizza/Wing deal which is perfect since I hardly have pizza when dining out.  I chose to have the wings and hubby had the pizza.  I took a bite from Mr. B's pizza, it's NY style, thin crisp crust, love the sauce! Tasted homemade, like they simmered the ingredients for a while.   My chicken wings obviously just came outta the fryer cause they were so hot. Wings were good, but not like my favorite garlic parm ones at another place. The homemade canoli here though was a really nice sweet treat!    Another big plus in my book was how family friendly this place is. The times I have been here the place was quite busy with families and sports teams coming and going, you get a sense the local neighborhood gathers here to watch sports on the TV too! So now be ready, it's going to be invaded with 49er fans! Woot!
5	Another great piazza place.
1	My last experience is this establishment was that it was dirty, the employees were rude, and were not helpful. The food is good, but service and sanitation make this a no brainer, and a 1 star place.
3	Customer service is lacking.
4	MY PREFERRED CHOICEThis pizzeria may not have all the bells and whistles nor sing happy birthday, but this family operated business serves tasty pizzas. Seating capacity is just below eighty with TV screens anchoring each corner of the restaurant.. Whenever I want to watch a Bay Area sports team, Terry the co-owner and his crew will accommodate without hesitation. Terry's family happens to be originally from the Bay Area.While munching on my Mikey's (named after Terry's brother) Special slice of pizza, Greek salad and sipping on one of my favorite soda drinks Dr. Pepper, I watched the "Dubs" take on Jeremy Lin's Houston Rockets.... unfortunately GSW didn't have enough gas in their tank to drive it home for the victory. BTW speaking of drive... don't forget on Wednesday nights starting at 7 PM, come and join in on Terry's "Cruise Night". Check out all those hot rods and funny cars.Update:  Sorry to mention... No more NFL package since they dropped Direct-TV and switched to Comcast.
4	Usually not the best customer service but, great pizza!
4	My initial review of Sunset Pizzeria was based on only one experience. I wasn't completely sold on the pizza, or the wings, but after waiting about a year we decided to give them another try. And I am so happy we did! Sunset Pizzeria is now our go-to place for pizza in Hendertucky... We got takeout from them on a recent Friday night... and then again on Sunday night.... and then when we had some unexpected company, AGAIN on Thursday night... 3 times in one week!! I think that warrants an upgrade from 3 to 4 stars.I still don't love the wings or the chicken fingers... but the salads are decent, we get the antipasto often. The pizza is great. I love, love, LOVE the crust and that they are generous with the toppings. I also love that when I get food to go from Sunset, the employees always make sure we have everything we need... plenty of dressing for the salad, extra sauce for chicken, plasticwear, napkins. I think it may be time for a pizza intervention at my house, since we ordered so many times in just a week. It's just so good, and perfect for those hectic evenings when you don't have time to cook!
4	Jersey/ NYC style. Calzones are as good as any back east.  Oh and the pizza is good too!
5	Great pizza and wings! So much better than Johnny Mac's and much better prices. We order here a couple times a month and always get a consistent product. Keep it up guys.
4	Pizza was delicious! The girls that work there are friendly and the atmosphere was fun. It is a great family place. They had a couple of tvs and an outside area if you smoke. We ordered a side salad which was huge and some french fries. We will be going back there.
4	I would give these folks 5 stars if they gave better customer service. I'm from New Haven and while this pizza wouldn't make it there, its very decent. I like what they do but there is an air of cockiness that sorta turns me off.We grew up with going out for pizza every Friday night.I take my daughter her 1-2x a month and occasionally my Husband will agree to dinner here but he thinks the prices are too high for the amount of toppings they put on.Overall, I wouldn't order for take out, casue it doesn't arrive when promised or warm but after the movies or for a real pizzeria feel, its good.If they would just appreciate your business and look u in the eye, that would win me over and the teens that work there could use some coaching about gratitude, respect and helpfulness We would be weekly patrons if they could correct those issues.
3	Tried this place after having a crazy craving for sicilian pizza! It's one of the few places that offer it out here. The crust is awesome (best I've had), ingredients are pretty good, sauce is...not that good. IMO, it's better suited for a plate of pasta. It had an overly spiced taste to it that didn't work well on a pizza. We ordered a plain calzone and that was good- the ricotta was deeeeeelicious and melty and exactly how it would be served in NY. It's a not so cute area, but seems like a nice enough place inside. I'd give it another try. They have a lot to offer on their menu.Edit- for whatever reason, next day/reheated in the oven, this pizza is ahmazingggg. I need to stock my freezer with it!!!!!!Edit 2- I've ordered since this review and unfortunately, the staff is consistently rude and very unpleasant to deal with. It's a shame.
4	Awesome burgers and sandwiches!Yes, I know it's a pizzeria, but I have to be honest in that I've lived in the area for almost a year and have yet to try their pizza.  It's just that I'm not tired of their sammiches yet!My favorite is the Philly Cheese Steak.  It is H.U.G.E. Tender meat, plenty of peppers and mushrooms and just enough cheese to be creamy and delicious.  And the roll is just toasted enough.  There is a lunch special for a Philly Cheese Steak, Fries and a drink for $8.99.  My husband and I share it because it's that much food.  (And yesterday they even had the forethought to split it onto two plates before bringing it out to us - awesome!)  The burgers are also giant and come on a great tasting bun.  We also share this with fries.And, if you are all about the dippin' sauce like I am, their ranch dressing is a requirement for the fries (or last bites of sandwich bread or anything you can use as a vehicle for it).  They make their own in-house and it is the best I have ever tasted anywhere.The service here is usually pretty good - it's an "order at the counter" kind of place which I'm totally cool with.  The one young guy we usually encounter here during the weekday lunch hour is very nice.  We haven't been in for dinner or tried delivery (yet).  :)
2	Wow. I am really disappointed, and am starting to wonder, Are there any decent pizza places in old henderson ?!? We called and ordered for pick up.1 pint of ranch.... What can I say, we love ranch.1 medium hawaiian pizza1 chicken tenders app (with fries)We asked for the fries to be well done so that they are crispy, and they were limp.The pizza tasted and had the consistency of needing more time in the oven. Worth $27? Not really.
1	Last time I will be ordering delivery here. 1 lrg greasy pizza 1/2 bucket of chicken fingers left in the fryer too long.$30.00 not including tip -NOT WORTH IT Save your money!Not to mention...Rudest delivery driver I have ever experienced.Step it up Sunset Pizzeria!
1	Let me start by stating I really enjoy the food here. I have been here for lunch, ordered out, and sat down for dinner and never had an issue with the food. I prefer their pizza over most places.  However, SERVICE MEANS A LOT. I have had terrible service there once in person to the point where my boyfriend wanted to walk out. Well last night I called in on my way out of work from a 12 hour shift.  I did not have much brain power left and wanted to just grab food and go home. Lets just say my phone call was very unpleasant.  I asked for pizza and ranch where the person on the phone proceeded to ask how much ranch I would like "2 pints, half a pint, blah blah blah." At this point in the day I do not have much left in my brain and was not thinking measurements I just wanted ranch. I said a cup would be fine where he proceeded to tell me "well I do not know what that means" and continued to repeat himself over "2 pints, half a pint blah blah blah" I then decided I would let him know I was displeased with his phone etiquette seeing he repeated himself three times when I just wanted a small container of ranch. He could have simply said "I will show you sizes when you pick up" or something rather than repeating himself over when I obviously didn't understand.  When I approached him in the store he was nothing short of rude. He denied being rude and the manager stood and listened to my conversation and did not care to interject and say I am sorry for your unpleasant phone call. I paid and went to walk out and got the ever popular "have a good night!" I believe I work very hard and I am pleasant to every person I come in contact with. These people are rude and unpleasant. Will never go here again.
3	This place is pretty popular on busy nights so call ahead if you are in a time crunch. The food is ok, not bad not amazing. The service for the most part is fine. The atmosphere is fun for a casual place. They have good choices in soda and you get free refills. What I love about them is you can get a salad with something instead of fries. The salads are good too. Pretty good local place. And they deliver!
4	We like the east coast feeling of Sunset Pizza and the pizza has that NY/NJ taste that we have missed in pizzas out here!   While it is not a fancy place and you have to get your own drinks and box up your own leftovers, that is fine because the staff is friendly, the place is clean and the pizza is great!   So far, so good Sunset--keep up the good work! Great to have a nice family-owned pizza place not far from home!
5	The pizza is amazing,  with me being from New York and all, when I walk in to pizza shops out here on the west coast my expectations aren't to high,   I'll usually order wraps or sandwiches, but when I saw this pizza sitting in the window, I just had to try it,   Hands down one of the best slices I've had in the year I've lived here in Nevada,     Thank you for bringing me back to a good slice of pizza
2	I was expecting the best pizza in Henderson from reading the reviews here.Unfortunately, the pizza was underwhelming. It almost looked and tasted like one of those $0.99 pizzas you buy at the grocery store. Very little dough, no crust, very little toppings.Very disappointed.
3	Love the food here! But definitely not professional when someone calls to order and the employees answer "HELLO" instead of " Thank you for calling susnset pizzeria" my immediate response was " Is this sunset puzzeria????"..  Night staff needs to get trained on how to answer phones!
4	The pizza is great.  The ranch dressing for the wings incredible.  The ranch for the salad gross.  Not sure but they have a watered down ranch for the salad.  We have had other food from here like the afredo and pesto but they weren't great.  The pizza and wings are great.  Service is good.
4	This is what a pizza joint is supposed to be like.  Red and white checker table clothes, friendly service and good pizza.  Fair prices and large servings.The pizza crust was thinner than a regular but I wouldn't call it thin crust.  The crust folded nicely and it had some crunch to it.  The toppings seemed fresh and plentiful.  We had the Al Roma pizza - sausage, pepperoni, and fresh tomatoes.  It was real good.  The antipasto salad was good too.  Straight forward mixed lettuces, provolone, salami, olives, peppercini, tomatoes, onions and it all tasted fresh.  A small is plenty for 2-3 people.They had a selection of beers here, but I stuck to the Dr Pepper. I can be a stickler when it comes to pizza, but this place really impressed me.
1	first I was told to "just hold on" when I tried to place an order over the phone. So i hung up and got a decent person on my next try. The pizza we received had no flavor at all. I think they forgot to put any seasoning in the sauce. BORING.!!  The wings were ordered hot , what we got was unflavored and under cooked chicken. I had to toss them in my own sauce and cook them since I had a house full.
1	Sooo got delivery for two grilled ham and cheese. What we got was two ham and cheese subs. Called the location back nicely and told them that the order was not correct. The girl got straight attitude with me saying that I ordered subs and that she read my order back to me. She insisted I was not correct. Told her that she can fix the problem or I would gladly back charge my credit card. She tell me she will bring us the corrected order but that she is picking up the subs and we better not have eaten them! Haha ok you can have the uneaten subs... We didn't eat them anyways cause it is not what is ordered. What a joke. Won't be returning here for my weekly deliveries after this poor customer service.
2	Food was good, no complaints there at all. Dining room was absolutely filthy. Trash scattered all over the floor, dishes with stale food left on the tables, sticky table tops, etc.
3	This is one of those places that has solid food, though the service and the way everything is set up leaves a lot to be desired.Essentially, this is the place that moved into the building where Villa Pizza's old location was. As such, I had high hopes for it. In some ways this place hits the mark, and it some ways it falls short.Firstly, the positives. While I have not eaten here a whole lot, I am pleased to say that all of the food I have had in there has been excellent. During my visit tonight I have a cheese calzone, which is definitely one of the most delicious I have ever had. What few other items I have eaten here have been good as well, including many of the pasta dishes. I have noticed other reviews bashing the food here, but I have never had a bad meal here. The counter staff that we dealt with were all friendly and professional.Of course, with a three-star rating, as you expected, there are bound to be some negatives. During our whole meal, right behind us, a group of employees (presumably the family that owns the restaurant) was arguing loudly over who gets what days off and what their plans for the Fourth of July were going to be. This was totally unprofessional and inappropriate. If you're going to have these arguments, step outside or go in the back room. You DO NOT do this in front of your customers. Again, the staff I dealt with at the front counter were all friendly and did their job well, but this group of people in the back corner needs to learn a thing or two about what constitutes professional behavior in the workplace.The other issue I have is that, while this is a "dine in" restaurant, you have to go up to the counter and order, and get your own drinks. When I get off work and am tired, I like to be served. This is more annoying than helpful. There is not a large printed menu so you have to get one of the little paper ones to find what you want. This just seems like an outdated way of doing business in a place like this, and is a disappointment. This is a shame, as the food is very good.Overall, this place is not all that it could be, but the food is solid and it is worth stopping in if you are in the neighborhood. Hopefully you will not have to deal with loud and unprofessional staff arguments when you go in.
5	We go to this establishment at least once a week, the family gets different items, me, I ALWAYS get a calzone.  The service is always friendly, the prices are good, and the food is GREAT!  We have pretty much decided this is our place of choice for the weekly Italian get away.
5	Always good food. Love their thin crust pizza. Reminds of me of back home in Connecticut. We go often for both take out and eat in.
3	This pizza joint has really yummy things! Personally i am not a huge fan of the pizza here tho its averagely good. The wings and appetizers are whats delish! They have a huge selection of foods on the menu, its hard to pick, haha. I've been here a few times and the only thing i can really say is the service isn't so great, people need to smile just a bit more. But overall this place is cool. I will be back!
1	This used to be my favorite pizza place until finally, I just had to give up because of their horrible customer service. I ordered a pizza to be delivered to my job, so I didn't have to go out of my way before heading home, something I would gladly pay an extra $2 for. I called with plenty of time for delivery, at 3:45 pm. They said to give at least 45 min for delivery - no problem. I close at 5pm, and my pizza showed up at 4:55. I was a bit irritated but, whatever. Closed my store, put the pizza in my car and drove home... Only to realize the pizza I got was not the pizza that I ordered. I called them the next morning to let them know that they delivered the wrong pizza and tried to explain my situation to them, I live over 20 miles away, what was calling them that night going to do? We're they going to bring the new one to my house? The woman on the phone was immediately rude, she said that she doesn't know what I expect HER to do, she didn't deliver my pizza. I said I don't expect you to do anything, I just wanted you to be aware that the pizza delivered to me was wrong and no one ate it, that's how wrong it was. She passed the phone off to a guy who did the same, what do you want me to do crap, offered to give me credit of $1.25 for some pepperoni.. Ha. At that point I was so frustrated with their crap I hung up on him.
2	Ordered A large Pizza with half mushroom half pepperoni, A dinner salad, 10 wings and 10 fingers for DELIVERY.  Order came as promised as far as time was considered (about 40 minutes) and driver was friendly.  I asked the lady that took my order to to make half the fingers hot and half plain and the wings were to be be plain.  She must of got them backwards because I got the opposite, and she rushed me off the phone without reading my order back to me.  The pizza crust was floppy and soggy, I rarely eat my pizza with a fork but had no choice this time.  My kids said it was horrible (they were eating the pepperoni).  The wings were not cooked enough and were kinda slimy.. YUCK.  The fingers were cooked a tad too much..  The salad was decent.  I wont say that I wont ever order again from there but its gonna be awhile.
2	Okay,  I hate to give this business two stars because I have been a fan since they came to vegas. However, for the past year, my order is either cancelled or postponed for an extra hour because they do not have a stable delivery driver. -_- Really? Hire someone who comes in on time or actually shows up because I would like to remain a loyal customer.
4	Finally, I found pizza done right!  I have eaten a half dozen pizzas on the last six months that have been sub-par at best!  Unfortunately, 8.5 miles away but in the neighborhood of my new doc so, I will be back!!!!
1	First and foremost, the pizza is awesome! The ranch dressing is also pretty RAD. However, the service at this spot left a terrible taste in my mouth. 2 weeks ago I ordered delivery, just a medium pie and salad for grand total of about $24. Standard operating procedure dictates card over the phone, no big deal. 1 hour and 45 minutes later, plus two phone calls my cold, somewhat icky food arrives. The delivery guy comps the grub and apologizes for the wait. I tip him $3 on the card, five days later I have a charge for $43 on my card. I call and tell them about the mistake ( hey, we all make em') , I'm told to bring my statement in to get a refund because cash is raise for them than crediting the card. Ok. I go in today and encounter a SNOTTY, NASTY girl behind the counter who did absolutely nothing to help other than be insulting and tell me to come back when there is someone there who can help. Wow, really?
5	I rarely get anything I don't like and I must say the meatballs are amazing and the ranch is great. Once I received some over cooked fingers but we are always pretty pleased with everything we have had.
2	This is the first time eating from here.  We picked up our order of an extra large italian sausage, pepperoni, bacon and extra cheese pizza and an order of onion rings.  The only reason I am giving them two stars, is the onion rings were very good.  Our pizza crust was completely burned. We wont be eating their pizza again any time soon.
4	Craving pizza one day and found Sunset Pizza by just driving around. Ordered a large pepperoni and half Ala Roma. Great flavor from the pepperoni side although pretty greasy, the Ala Roma side was good but the flavors blend together so much it hard to separate the different flavors of the pizza. Definitely worth going back. Great selection on their menu, not just pizza, but pastas, hamburger, sandwiches, Greek and incredible salads. Saw some really good lunch specials as well.
5	Wow, went back again and had the Antipasto salad....whoa! Amazing, the large is enough for 4 adults. Also had the Philly Cheese Steak, man this blows Phillies version out of the water!  I am so impressed. My friends had the hamburgers which were enormous and they said the smoked bacon on them was incredible. So nice to have a somewhat fast food restaurant with real plates and silverware. Very nice touch. Really our only minor complaint would be the napkins, very cheap and you end up using more of them. One other thing that was weird, at least for me was the old man ( I'm guessing the owner ) sitting in a corner just watching everything going on, feels a little mafia like, just weird. At least talk to customers to see if they're enjoying the food. Beyond that, I'm a fan of this place.
2	I'd driven by this place many times and always wanted to try it. Have to keep local businesses in mind....The staff is all very young and stuck to their phones while at the counter. They were somewhat helpful, but it took a minute to get their attention. The wings had practically no sauce and tasted like they'd been in the freezer a little too long. They definitely lacked that fresh flavor. The pizza... Definitely cheap. You might as well grab a slice at your nearest gas station because that's what it tastes like. The food is cheap, but also tastes so. Guess I got what I paid for. Probably won't be going back unless for the fries, the best part of the meal.
5	The food here is amazing. Great customer service. Food came right out, and it was perfect. Order the Philly Cheesesteak it's great. If you are in town, go to Sunset Pizzeria.
