5	Dr. Molin & his staff have changed my life for the better!  If anyone in Las Vegas is seeking a sleep doctor, I highly recommend making an appointment at Zeeba Sleep Center.
5	I was actually surprised when I was diagnosed with sleep apnea, but since I was exhausted most of the time my doctor recommended the test. I don't snore much, but it still turned out I was severely sleep deprived! I can't tell you how much better I've felt over the last month since I started using my breathing machine at night (thankfully, it's quiet, but my husband now calls me Darth Vaderette!) Vanity won't stop me though; my energy level has quadrupled easily. I feel so much better. Thanks so much to Dr. Molin and his team. They were all professional, courteous, and made the process easy. Thanks again for helping me feel so much better!
5	Dr Molin and his staff have changed my life! I was apprehensive about going to a strange place to sleep and have someone watch me sleep, all of that changed about five minutes after I arrived. The professional staff and family like atmosphere made me feel comfortable right away. My follow up appointments with Dr. Molin have been extremely pleasant, I have not waited more than ten minutes at any follow up appointment past my scheduled time. They understand my time is as important as theirs. Please people don't wait as long as I did to understand what a great nights sleep is like. Bravo Zeeba
5	I have always suffered with extreme tiredness during every day for my entire life. I had received various suggestions as to why, not enough sleep, too much sleep, sleep apnea, the list goes on and on. It wasn't until I visited Dr. Molin at the Zeeba Sleep Center that he told me he thought I may have Narcolepsy. I was astounded at this presumptive diagnosis as it was not something I had ever been presented with before. But, after going over the symptoms, it seemed like a plausible answer.I went through the sleep study and received my confirmed diagnosis of Narcolepsy without Cataplexy. The relief of finally having an answer after 28 years was incredible. I was put on a stimulant which has completely turned my life around. There are still always days where the extreme tiredness overcomes me, but I would say my life has improved by 95%. In addition to Dr. Molin's relieving diagnosis, I also enjoy that I feel that my problems are heard. I know that if I have an issue with any medication or side effect it will be taken seriously and not brushed off. I have had experiences with Dr. Molin, Dr. Lehrner, Jeremiah (sleep study technician), and many of the other staff at this office. I have not once had a bad experience and everyone seems to truly love their work.I highly recommend this office if you are in need of help for sleep problems or even just looking for a general practitioner.
4	I FINALLY had a sleep study done after my Wife complained of a high volume rumble I made when I slept (she snores a little too) but Dr. Molin told me that it really was time to get it done, for my well being not just $$$.The techs were so nice, Josh helped me and conversed with me to make it easy to sleep with the equipment on. I had brought my own pillow and got into the very clean and fresh bed, got to sleep about 1145pm the testing was done at 530 or so.about a week later my results were in and I was pausing my breathing while I slept.Went back and had another one done with a C-Pap machine on, results were great, I use the C-Pap that my Insurance paid every night, I feel better and no snoring going on, follow ups are not so frequent and the machine has a Memory Card so it can be read right there in the Doc's office.I am compliant and better for it.
