3	As the waitress was busy cooking and cutting up tons of meat (rib eye steak, galbi), she'd always leave saying "it's almost done" as we look at blood seeping out of the meat. Pretty good, attentive, friendly service. The meat was really good actually. The sides were okay. The atmosphere was a tad dingy, but--check this out--they had a mouthwash dispenser in the bathroom, complete with little Dixie cups. Genius! All KBBQ restaurants should have that!
4	Food is pretty good, but a little pricey though. The atmosphere is nice. Waitresses are friendly. Been there second time so far. I would go back there again.
3	I have been here two times. It's not a bad place. Atmosphere is very nice. Waitress was friendly. Food was not bad, pretty average. If I am in the mood for simple Korean food,  would come to this place.
3	This place is upstairs at the end of a 2 story strip mall on the Spring Mountain Chinatown corridor just 3 long blocks from the strip.When our party of 4 arrived for lunch, the owner was having a business meeting at a front table with 2 other men, and ignored us. We stood ther efor at least a minute or two before a woman, who was talking on a cell phone,  came out to seat us. Then she disappeared. The decor is clean, not gritty dirty like some places, simple, and fairly spacious, with vent hoods over the tables and grills for cooking on the tables. Our waitress showed up with the charm of a woman going to see the IRS. She didn't smile and barely talked. The 3 meat dishes we ordered were huge, with a lot of meat. The banchan (side dishes) were less than the good places I like, with only 6 instead of 8 varieties. The Kal Bi was flavorful, the Bulgogi tasty and the Chicken decent. The total with a soda, tea and 1 beer, with tax and tip was $100, so not a bargain for lunch. I prefer Mother's Korean Grill a block away; it has a lot nicer decor, much better service, and the food is good. You don't have to go upstairs, either.
2	This place is just OK. I've been here twice. The first time, I had dol sot bi bim bap (it was decent - you really can't mess this dish up though!). The second time, I had sulung tang (beef stew - kind of like ox tail stew), and it was bad. The broth was too fatty (it was totally white! Usually, it's milky but slightly clear), and very bland (we had to put a LOT of salt in it). My friend got the soon doo boo and said it was just OK - nothing special. I'd go here again if I had absolutely no choice, but I'd prefer a different Korean restaurant...
4	My husband and and I have been going to Korean Garden since we were dating and love it.  We always bring our family members here.  Love the beef, pork and chicken bbq as well as the great side dishes and mandoo.  And the have the best salad dressing.  YUM!
4	Went here for dinner. Paid the $19.99 price for the "extended" menu and it was worth it. The boneless galbee was tender and tasty, the chicken had a good marinade, the bulgogi was not fatty like some other please, and all of the sides were good. I tried beef tongue for the first time and it was delicious. The staff was attentive, they brought out big portions, and they changed the grill often. I'll be going to this place more often. -1 star because they don't give you soft serve ice cream like a lot of the korean BBQ places in cali...haha.
2	I was w/ my Korean mother-in-law, looking to try this newly opened Korean restaurant. She heard from a friend that the place served a pretty good lunch special... she begged to differ. I know she sets the bar pretty high when it comes to Korean comfort food, she's been cooking it all her life for her family and her restaurant. So with that in mind... she was not a happy camper. There was a lot more misses than hits and I agreed... it was just subpar. Service: was subpar. We repeatedly asked our waters to be filled. I would understand if they were busy, but the restaurant was barely half-filled. When we asked for a little more banchan, Mr. Server only came back with a small plate of kimchii. =/ Food: was just okay. We ordered several lunch specials. Portions were smaller than what we had anticipated although the presentation was pretty. (See pix)Prices: pricey. Korean food is not cheap by any means. Since prepping includes washing and rinsing and chopping and mixing and rinsing summo and squeezing... I know the drill. I've served as a prep-er under  my kimchii-mama-in-law's direction. So the amount of work that goes in every dish is crucial to making an delectable meal. The quality at Korean Garden BBQ house is lacking luster, lacking flavor, and lacking overall yumminess. I didn't see how much lunch racked up to be, but I suppose it didn't add up to the kind of lunch she didn't think was worth paying for what she did. She was saying a whole bunch of Korean words about the place I didn't understand that didn't seem forthcoming at all. Overall we have experienced better and it's one of those "first and last" categories we shall place this under.
3	We are from so cal so we have an abundance of good korean bbq restaurants.  This place is not up to par but in fairness, it did satisfy our craving for some bbq, korean style.  Ambience- Spacious but kind dull.  Food- $19.99 for all you can eat meat is a great deal.  However, the meats were not fresh.  They were all frozen and the marinated kalbi meat tasted kinda "off".  There side dishes were also average at best.  Although, the daicon soup was very delicious.  Service- Very attentive and came by often to place meat on the grill for and to ask if we needed more meat.  But maybe that was because there weren't that many customers when we went.  Although, it was average at best, we'd hit this place up again if we get the craving for korean bbq.  FYI- There are at least two other korean bbq restaurants nearby so don't feel like you don't have any options if you come to Vegas.
1	We ate here on Thursday night recently at 9pm.  We were planning on going to Ichiza in the same complex, but we were craving Korean BBQ.  I had my suspicions about this place before I even walked through the door... The place was dead.  The place is very spacious, but there was just one other table and they were just wrapping up.  We should of left, but we really wanted bbq.  I'm not Korean, but I've had my fair share in Seattle.  We didn't get the All-You-Can-Eat, so maybe that's a better experience.  I doubt it though.  As others have said the food was bland or over seasoned.  We had japche, bulgogi, dolsot bibimbap, and soon du boo.  Everything tasted "off".  I'm sorry but this place was just awful.  I wish I checked reviews before we went!
3	Service is just awful. Thankfully the decent food makes you feel better. Las Vegas lets admit doesn't have good Korean food... This place gets by.  The side dishes are marinated and varied enough to get the tastebuds going. The yookgye jang jigae is not bad. Had the all you can eat BBQ buffet, which is a better deal since it's $20 per person. The price for each entree here is about that much anyway. You might want to try Whale Island for more authentic K food. The place has a cool atmosphere somewhat resembling a Korean low key Soju place with wood benches.
5	Okay so I am a HUGE fan of korean!!!!!! I stumbled upon this AYCE restaurant and was a little skeptical at first, I mean could it be true all you can eat for 19.95 or 17.95???? My bf is obsessed with Spicy chicken, so he special ordered that which they included. The Dumplings were awesome. So that was a good start, they brought out the raw meat and it looked and smelled really fresh. They started the meal off with the calamari whis was yummy with their special sauce. The Spicy pork was MMMmMMMmMM!! I honestly cant say that any of the food was just okay. They ended the meal with some "desert tea" which i loved, when i asked how they made it the waitress came back with a to tub of it! I was so greatful, everyone was so nice and they were very attentive! My bf doesnt really like many different foods, and he was very impressed. Def. will be back!!
1	FOOD POISONING.  But I'll get back to that later.  First, let me comment on something else.My brother had a big business dinner here with several of his business clients.  The bill came out to $600 and he left a 15% tip.  On his way out of the restaurant, however, the manager ran after my brother and demanded that he leave a 20% tip--IN FRONT OF HIS CLIENTS!  My brother was so mortified that he just signed the 20% and left, but this should have never, never happened.  Mind you, there was no written statement anywhere saying that a 20% tip was the minimum.  And it's not like he left no tip or a 5% tip--he left 15%!Anyway, the worst part of the story is that two of his business clients got FOOD POISONING that night after eating there.  END OF STORY.
4	So weird that this place gets such bad reviews. My coworkers and I always come here when we are in town for CES. We have always had good food and good service. I am from LA and we eat at korean bbq joints all the time. And this one is just as good as the ones we go to in LA. I've never done the all you can eat. I've always just gone there for dinner. As long as we are forced to go to CES every year, we will always go to this place for korean bbq.
5	i used to live in southern california and i moved out to vegas for culinary school. I went to a lot of korean restaurants in Orange County.  So i had high expectations when it came to korean foods. When i moved out here to vegas, all the korean restaurants tasted horrible to me. Except for this restaurant. Korean Garden BBQ is a lot better than other places that i have been too. the banchan is different from other krn restaurants. theres actually something to eat from the banchan. The food is a bit pricey, but it is worth it. If ur looking for really good food in vegas, i would recommend this restaurant.
4	This place is in Las Vegas' "Chinatown". It is off the beaten path of tourists that mainly stick to the strip, downtown or the LVCC area.I have made it a personal tradition to have a group meal here each time we come for NAB convention, and it's been going on for over 10 years now. It's always been a big success. Our groups have range from 4 to 14 and we always manages to get space (with a little advanced reservation).Service is always fine (hey, you are at a Korean BBQ place, not a 4 star french restaurant), food is good, people are nice.This is the place I was introduce to Soju when the waitress for sole descrition said "Good, makes you feel young"! I have been a fan ever since.
3	Food was decent.  I liked it as much as any other All-you-can-eat Korean BBQ you can go to.  But I don't complain as much as other yelpees I suppose.  Service here wasn't bad at all.  It could have been the fact that we were there for lunch instead of dinner and partial to the fact that I spoke some korean to our waitress.  Go fig'It was $20 bucks and I was well fed.  I would come here again. Nuff' said.
4	With 21 reviews, I'm shocked Korean BBQ has a 3.0 rating.  I would think at least 3.5-4.I read some of the other reviews and we recevied great service.  We went in on a Weds at 8pm.  There were about 7-8 other tables and they were extremely attentive, especially for an asian place.The daikon soup was amazing and for 19.95 I can't complain.  All the meats and side dishes were good.
5	This was the very first Korean restaurant that I came to after I moved to Vegas.  The food is very good and so is the service. The meats have a lot of flavor and I believe this is where I tried Sundubu for the first time. Like I said in my review of DJK, my loyalties lie with Min Sok Chon or Mother's...but I gave this a 5-star because KG-BBQ popped my Las Vegas Korean restaurant cherry.  Thanks KG-BBQ House! :)
4	I think this place is great.  A little pricey but worth it IMO.  When we went here the service was very attentive.  Our drinks never went empty, the amount of food was excellent and the server even helped us put our meat on the grill.  This has become one of my favorite Korean BBQ spots.  That Daikon soup was great and I got 8 Banchan dishes, I love those sprouts.Overall the service was good and fast, there was a good amount of food, the restaurant was clean and although a little pricey I think it was worth it.
4	have you ever visited Korea or gone to a very traditional Korean restaurant that is run by Koreans with Korean servers?  If you have, you are well aware that their service isn't all about smiles and chatting, but one of diligence and speed.  Some reviewers before me complained about the service being awful, but I assume they aren't used to the way things are run in places like this.  It may not be an excuse, but as long as I get my drink refills and food on time and they pass by and glance at our table to ensure that we are constantly well kept, I don't care if Chung Li smiles at me or not.  If they do their job well, I'm happy.With that off my shoulders, let's get to the juicy review!  This is the sister restaurant of Maru in Summerlin, and I have to say that I prefer this place over Maru any day of the year.  We discovered this place on a whim after trying the restaurant below this one (it was horrid). We walked in and there's a faux well in the dining area and everything is clean and well kept.  That's always a good sign.  They seat you or you tell them where you want to be seated, you get the menu and begin the experience.They have a variety of traditional Korean dishes, and with the Korean patrons eating there when we first arrived I knew this would be good.  We ordered our typical dishes--bulgogi and kalbi, shrimp tempura appetizer to start.  We asked that they cook it in the back, and they did.  Our tempura was out on our table within five minutes along with the usual side dishes.  I personally love the picked radish and croquette.  Their rokio is good, too, although not the typical white pearl onion version.Our food arrived promptly, and we waited no more than ten minutes (if that) for the food.  It was good.  I mean really, really good.  When the waitress brought out the salad and then--wait for it.....the radish beef soup,. i wanted to cry.Let me explain my need for this soup.When I was five years old my parents took me to a Korean BBQ restaurant back home.  They served this awesome clear broth soup with what I assumed was thinly sliced potatoes and maybe a touch or two of beef.  As simple as it sounds, it's a traditional soup appetizer to have with a Korean meal, and I've eaten it every time I had BBQ out at a restaurant.  For two and a half years we searched Korean BBQ places in Las Vegas for this appetizer, and for some reason none of them serve it.  Finally, after 2.5 years of searching, when the girl brought the soup out in its traditional low-rimmed bowl and I had to use the typical long-stemmed spoon to eat it, i teared up.  My childhood wafting in my face with the smells of radish and beef broth.  It was a great moment.  The soup is simple and contains nothing but clear brother flavored by the radish and beef, with thin slices of radish and one or two pieces of shredded beef in the bowl.  It's simply yummy.After eating two bowls of it along with the great BBQ and appetizer, I was stuffed and thoroughly happy. I craved the BBQ daily for a week and satisfied my craving for dinner that week.  I never get sick of bulgogi and kalbi.  When I finally cooked it at our table one night I decided that was the way to go from now on because I could burn my bulgogi a bit more than the cooks in the back would to get that sweeter flavor.  If you ever go to a Korean bbq place, cook it yourself.  It's fun and tasty!Overall, a great experience, and my only BBQ place where they serve my childhood soup.  I'm looking forward to more of their food again next week, and the week after, and the week after that.  I know that I sing high praises over the soup and the food, but it honestly is that good and is the only spot we will eat Korean food from now on.
3	Ok...My wife needed her monthly Korean dinner fix.  She is not Korean, but man, I bet she was Korean in another life.  Funny thing, she weighs less than 90 lbs, but eats everything in sight.  Yes, a walking garbage compactor... And, I love her still.... as long as she does not become Mrs Piggy times 10... :)  call me Kermit (yes, the green lovable fella).Back to the review.  O.K.  This restaurant was a bit hard to find.  It is actually up on the second floor.  When you walk into the restaurant, it is very open, clean, and inviting.  It was a cool place.  I give Atmosphere a solid 4.Service... well, let's say that our waitress started off strong.  Got us the water, the appetizers, and extras.  As the meal progressed, she kinda forgot about us.  We had to request more water, more food, and the check (we had to track her down).  I give this a 3.... should be lower, but she was sweet.Now, for the food.  Well, for $19.99, you had all you can eat.  However, they provided you with the variety tray.  After you finish the variety tray, you can add more of the one's you like.  Personally, I do not like this.  There are just some items that we do not like to eat... instead of wasting them, we ended eating anyways.   I rather CHOOSE the selection.  Most Korean restaurant provides you with a buffet cart to pick from.  I was a bit sad to not see Galbee ribs.  They had boneless instead.  Trust me, one of the great joys of eating a Galbee rib is sucking on the bone.  Yes, a bit disgusting. sounds a bit "gay".  hey, I am married, I can say that without thinking otherwise...LOL... and, by the way, like the Seinfeld episode... nothing wrong with being gay... they just have a different preference... okay... moving on... the veggies and appetizers were good/average.  This was a solid 3.Overall, the price was decent.  Food was very average.  And, Service was average.  As a result, a 3 sounds just about right!
4	My husband and I frequent Korean Garden regularly.  I enjoy the soups especially the yuk gae jang (I request it medium spicy, otherwise its extra spicy) and kim chee chigae and my husband enjoys the bulgogi and nang-myun.  The food is delicious and normally comes out pretty fast which we love!  The staff is always friendly and provide excellent service.   Its not as good as the food in LA but pretty darn good for the Korean restaurants out here.
4	If i am craving Korean BBQ this is the place i come. They always have great tasting Bulgogi/Kalbi and the Banchans they offer are great. The service is always good and attentive.
2	I dined here with a friend yesterday and the first thing that drew us in was the happy hour special. We were able to choose 2 different types of Korean BBQ, a soup, and a beer or soju for just about $26. This is a great deal when it comes to Korean BBQ. The portions were ideal for 2 people. Most of the waitresses were friendly and helpful; however, we had one girl as our main waitress and she was not attentive and awfully rude. She left the bulgogi (Korean marinated beef) on the stove too long and it almost burned, so I had to flip them over, cut the meat, and distribute myself. Anytime we asked her for something, she seemed angry and frustrated. We said "thank you" for everything she brought over (with extreme delay I might add), and I never heard her once say "you're welcome". She spoke fluent English, so I knew that wasn't the issue. Also, the food... I guess coming from the NYC area I am extremely biased; however, I was rather disappointed. The food wasn't bad, but it was nowhere near my expectations. The bulgogi was in large pieces and not juicy and the pork bulgogi was not spicy (pork bulgogi is supposed to be a spicy, flavorful dish). The side dishes were the most disappointing part. Usually, in Korean BBQ houses, you receive a bunch of side dishes to compliment your meal. Korean Garden BBQ House only gives about 4. So overall, I most likely will not be returning and if you've ever had great Korean BBQ, I do not recommend this place. My search for a 5-star Korean restaurant in Vegas continues..
4	We had jap chae and dolsot bibimbap. So good! they refilled our side veggies when we asked and the service was fine.i would eat there again!
4	I love Korean food, and being Korean, it's practically in my DNA. :-)My fav thing to order wherever I go, and a good barometer of how good a place is is to check out their:Soondubuchigae - spicy and hot, a perfect comboGalbi - chewy without being stringy or dryNow this place also gives out really good banchan as well, which gives it a four star rating. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
4	This restaurant is actually located in Chinatown, LV. The restaurant is spacious and service is amazing. The food is very fresh and tastes delicious. We had a sample platter with chadolbegi, galbi and samgyeopsal and everything was very delicious. A bit expensive, $180 for 3 people, but we definitely pigged out and drank Makkoli and soju and beer. Definitely visit if you have a chance.
3	Came here around 1pm. Place was empty. The all you can eat is no longer on the menu? So we ordered the shabu-shabu. Waitress had a bit of attitude. You'd think they'd be nicer seeing how we were their only customer at the time. Food was ok. Not spectacular. And it was a bit on the expensive side.
1	Went back to Korean Garden Saturday night with some family in town from out of the country and was so disappointed.  My favorite salad was gone and replaced with what appeared to be bagged iceberg lettuce with tasteless dressing.  The meat was bland.  Plus the service was not up to par.  I doubt we will be going back here and we have been long time customers.
1	Had the Beef Bulgogi box and ordered sides of the kimchi.   WORSE BULGOGI I HAVE EVER EATEN.  Dry and no taste.  VERY VERY VERY Disappointed.  Will never eat here again
3	Just drove into Vegas from Houston (damn, that's a long drive) and this was the first random place we drove up to.  We've never been here before and was just tired and hungry.  GIVE ME KOREAN BBQ!!!!  Between the 3 of us we got the special number 1 and an order of Japchae (which was the BEST Japchae I've ever had!!!).  The meats were OK but the bonchon were delish!  If we come back again, I'll be ok with that.  Service was friendly and English speakers are welcome.
4	TIME SPENTcouple times for dinnerLAYOUTspacious, good comfy furniture, well lit...  pleasant.^^SERVICE/FOODprompt seating...  a bit slow on service, but nothing bad.all the meat orders have always been tasty as well as the sides and salad.^^PRICINGpricey pricey.   seems like everything has to be priced $3-$4 above other Korean BBQs in Chinatown...CLOSINGbecause i think Mother's Grill offered me better service and comparative quality in food service - i could not bring myself to give it the full 5-star...   the pricing maybe a con, but korean BBQs are generally expensive anyway.^^;
3	I've only been once, and it was my first time at Korean BBQ, so I wasn't sure what to expect. Our server was so nice! The meat was delicious, the sides were decent, and the blackberry wine we had was yummy. But it all seemed very pricey for what it was.
2	The quality of the food is OK, however quite pricey, especially when you consider you get a very small portion of meat with your order.  We found ourselves ordering twice as much, just to get enough.  At the prices they charge, which is at least 25% more than comparable restaurants, it is all a bit much.The service here can be spotty,  as we have found after trying the place off and on for the last few years.Be prepared for the lack of English speaking proficiency, leading to the most basic of service.
2	No more all you can eat. Too expensive for the quality of meat they serve. Beef brisket super tough to chew. Moving on to next spot.
1	Sad to admit that I ate here.  The food had very little to no flavor. The service was lacking; they only came to our table 2-3 times. Drinks were never refilled and had to hunt them down in order to get our bill at the end. There are other Korean restaurants far superior both of taste and service - go to one of those instead!
1	The restaurant  was really over priced and it was very bad quality too. $30 for a small plate of fatty galbie (short ribs). Don't bother buying the seafood pancake. It was thick dough and no seafood. It costed $16!!! The soft tofu soup tasted like water no seasoning!! The only positive point was it was clean.  Come here if you want to get   ripped off and unsatisfied.
4	This was the first Korean BBQ restaurant I ever tried in Las Vegas. I came here with my family this afternoon after church for lunch after one of my uncles recommended the place. Our waitress was very nice and came to tend to us so very often. At first I thought we were allowed to choose a couple of side dishes out of the 9 offered in the menu so we ordered the bulgogi and shrimp just in case 1 order wouldn't be enough for the 3 of us. To our surprise, our orders came with all 9 side dishes, radish soup, 2 bowls of rice AND dessert. Contrary to how the korean bbq restaurant's run in Hong Kong (where we used to live, we'd cook the raw meat ourselves), the waitress here cooked our food for us and alerted us when the food was ready to eat. We were stuffed. Of course, for comparison's sake, we might go around and try another korean bbq restaurant nearby called Yagyu soon where I could change my mind - and my rating :P
3	BBQ chicken a bit dry and very mildly flavored. For the price, portion size was small. A small dish of chicken was $19.00 -- quite expensive, we thought.
4	We eat here everytime we visit Las Vegas. It is consistently good.  Service always good. Located upstairs. Not far from Treasure Island and Mirage.
2	The two star rating for yelp sums it up well...  "Meh.  I've experienced better."  I should have known by the yelp reviews and that should have been backed up by the almost totally empty restaurant (well, it was a Monday night)...  but it wasn't my choice to eat here anyway.  Our group ordered the seafood pancake, fried fish (covina, I think), kalbi, spicy pork, and chicken.  The meat flavors were a little bland compared to other Korean places I've been to and the portions were small for the price.  The seafood pancake was pretty good.  The fish was very dry and overcooked.  I was a little disappointed in the ban chan (small dishes) as some other places I've gone have had a bigger offering of these free side dishes.  Vegas has a lot of great places to eat, so I'm sure you could do much better than coming here.
4	Friendly staff that checks up on you, a lot of ban chan, and good Korean BBQ.  That about covers why I enjoy coming here, when I am not in the mood for AYCE KBBQ.  Although they are starting the AYCE option again Saturday, March 10, 2012.What I really like about eating at this restaurant is that it does not get too smokey.  So I can come here and not smell like I spent at least an hour in a smoker.  The waitresses are nice and some are really pleasant to look at too.Like most of the other Korean BBQ restaurants in town, the waitresses here will cook the meat orders for you at the table.  And the restaurant do get really busy when conventions with Korean companies are in town, but not too bad the rest of the times.Lunch specials are very reasonably priced.4stars!
4	Wow. This is a hidden gem about 4 miles off the strip which was a nice find thanks to my girlfriend's aunt. We came here with a group of us and ordered the Galbi, Emyunsoo Gui -Pan Fried Atka Mackerel, and Al Jige -Pollack's Egg Casserole. (had to go to the menu for the spelling:). The meal started with a Haemool PaJeon Mixed Vegetables and Seafood pancake. Very tasty and my first time trying a seafood pancake. I really enjoyed the food. They cook it at your table (as usual) and bring all the little sides that come with Korean food. The Kimchi was spicy and tasty.The staff was friendly and really attentive. I felt like I was at someone's home eating a meal with them.For some good Korean food in a clean and friendly restaurant, give this place a try.
4	Came here with my sister, the staff was very polite and helpful. It was our first time eating Korean BBQ, and it was delicious. Not a bad experience at all. I see other reviews for Korean BBQ around Yelp and will definitely try others.
1	OMG!  Should have checked Yelp! before coming here.  This place USED to be one of the better Korean restaurants as I recalled but now I know why it's soooooo empty when we walked in on a Tuesday night! DOH!Kalbi:  this is the only dish that's decentPork Belly:  $20 for three slices of "bacon"?!  Um... seriously, dude?!Beef Soup:  Pass me the gallon of water please... it's SALTYYYYYYYYY!!!!!Spicy Squid:  Meh! 2 stars ... I think I get better value going to the food court at GreenlandSide dishes:  Seriously?!  Kimchee, potato salad and pickled radish ?!  That's all you have?!  Sad.... very sad...Service?!  "Eric" was our server and he has a dry humor.  Don't blame him for not caring much since he probably doesn't get paid that much with hardly anyone in the restaurant.
2	We went here with our family and the server was very rude. He tried persisting we need to order more dishes. When we said no he said I don't care, just order. With service like that we got up and left without giving them any business. Go to another Korean restaurant on Spring Mt Rd. There are too many to choose from! Avoid this place!! The servers are punks!
2	The family wanted Korean BBQ so we we pulled into a vacant parking lot while I scoured through Yelp reviews for different options.  Korean Garden BBQ House was across the street so we decided to give it a try for sake of convenience, even though we knew the reviews weren't terribly favorable.  The BBQ is priced at all-you-can-eat but it's a single serving.  Bibimbap presentation was lovely but no one was overly impressed.  No one beats Cham Soot (Sot) Gol in Garden Grove, CA.
2	This was my first KBBQ experience in Vegas, and I must say after having some absolutely fantastic KBBQ in the LA area, Korean Garden just left me massively disappointed.  The service was good, but the food was simply bland and there was no AYCE (and the food was not cheap).  The pork belly was the kalbi were just lacking flavor, and some of the shrimp we got had not been cleaned very well (and again were pretty bland).  From reading previous reviews, it seems this place has really fallen off lately - you'd be better served going up to the road to Honey Pig.
2	Wow what a bummer!  Korean garden used to be good - NOT anymore.  Overpriced and just plain mediocre at best.  Out table stove was not hot enough so we ended up with boiled meat.  In addition, the bulgogi had absolutely no flavor.  bland and boiled. yuk.  banchan was ok - I've definitely gotten better.  The whole corvina fish was tasty.  That was the only semi- winner.  You can get way better Korean BBQ elsewhere at a better price.  Skip it!
3	I've been here several times with large groups after a late night on the strip. It's alright but I must admit that I've never felt particularly satisfied here. We'll start with the good: It's open late-- likely to appeal to all the partiers with drunk munchies from nearby XS and Tryst.They've got a nice large banquet room for large parties that was just perfect for us. And I dare say it does strike me as pretty authentic. They even give you a raw egg to crack over your boiling hot soup which is served in traditional korean style bowls.However, the good things just don't make up for the rest of the experience, which is mediocre at best. The service during our last trip here was pretty unremarkable-- maybe they were just having a rough night but it certainly wasn't appreciated by us.The soup is not bad but I have had better in california. The quality of the ingredients just didn't seem that impressive to me. And the meat is certainly my biggest complaint of all. The kalbi is ok but not particularly juicy or flavorful, and it is certainly overpriced. All the good stuff on the menu is a bit overpriced and you don't really get that much. I have had much better in korean restaurants in California.The bottom line is that you don't have to deal with the shortcomings of this place because there are many other better options for your dollar--even on Spring Mountain.
2	We were here for lunch and there were NOBODY there, except us. I guess everybody shows up at night for shabu shabu. We ordered 2 bibimbap and they were pretty tasty. I think it is their paste or something. Also, they don't give out a lot of side dishes.
5	All you can eat meat is available at Korean Garden BBQ House. I have been to many Korean restaurants and I had not been amazed by any of them. As a Korean, This place serves the best "all you can eat" deal. There are price ranges from $15.99 to $23.99. If you want their signature "Galbi" just add $5 more. Quality of food is spot on. All food they serve is made from the scratch and their kimchi is the best I ever tasted in Las Vegas.Clean and cozy atmosphere welcomes customers and allow them to enjoy the meal. Service is amazing. We got some free meats and KOREAN BEER! There is nothing more I can say. I can't wait to go back.
5	My cousins, a friend, and I went here for a Sunday lunch. The service was pretty good and everything I expect of a restaurant. Drinks kept filled, food came reasonably quick, and a well mannered waitress. We ordered the the all you can eat BBQ deal. As far as I'm concerned the meats were good and tastey, other restaurants of this kind may sometimes have more side dishes but I feel they are condiments and is not much of significant part of the review. From where I am from we don't have anything like this, but I go have Korean BBQ in Chicago and the prices we pay individually for one kind of meat is similar to the same price per person for this Korean buffet bqq so I don't see it as a relatively more expensive place.
5	Service was really great and I loved the Dolsot Bibimbap!!
4	I love korean BBQ and this place was not a deception. they offer really good prices i believe you can get all you can eat starting from 15.99 and up.. it really depends on what type of meats do you want to eat. the place is very big so I would recommend it for large groups as well.  Their staff was nice, their English was not that great but you can always expect this when you go to places that offer very authentic food.
4	I really enjoyed this place & been wanting to try it for several years now. And I am so glad that I did.  The service was very friendly, they constantly check up on you, & ALWAYS has a smile on their face.  The food was good & tasty. You get to choose which all you can eat korean bbq you want. I think it ranges from $16-$25.  Also, if you want Galbi in the menu it costs a little bit more & it is ALL YOU CAN EAT. All the other food that was delivered to the table was also good. Though, i did only taste the potato & some steamed egg was amazing.  The best I have ever had. I would definitely come back here. & everyone should give it a try.
3	Decent ayce menu, however you have three different ones to choose from with prices starting at 16.  Not a big fan of that idea as ayce should be all inclusive and at one flat price.  Just like the ayce you can find at sushi bars or at buffets.  The service here is so-so.  Our waters didn't come until we were half way through our meal and they were not refilled unless asked to.  Also be warned, the control knob for the grill sits under the table in the center.  When turning on or adjusting the fire setting, two waitresses felt it ok to just reach over me with out so much of an 'excuse me, pardon me' before hand.  That is not ok.  Despite all of that, the food here is pretty good and I'll probably give this place another try.. maybe.  If you're a first timer, however, keep in mind that there are better ayce kbbq joints within a miles radius of this place..  You might just want to head there instead.
5	Brisket, tongue, rib, and pork belly is the way to go. Hands down. Vegas, baby! Pair the 'Vegas' all-you-can-eat menu with OB Korean beer and you're set. It's the main reason for back-to-back kbbq. :D
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE. I went with my boyfriend and his family for his sister's birthday. Automatically when we walked in, the lady at the front gave us attitude when asking how many? What happened to smiling and greeting your customers? I automatically thought this was going to be a horrible lunch. When we saw the menu, I noticed almost everything was overpriced for the amount that they only give you. Don't be fooled of how the pictures look! Expect little.We asked the lady 5 times for SIX forks. After the second time we asked, she finally gave us THREE. Then we had to ask her another few times to finally give us the last three. Ridiculous. When we ordered our soups, there was no bowls, no serving spoon. What do you expect us to do? Share from the same bowl?We then later asked our server to take a picture of us. She grunted and said "I'm so busy" [there was barely anyone there] but she ended up taking the pictures anyways ---- Then she dropped my boyfriend's phone and didn't even bother picking it up. DON'T GO HERE. We wish we saw the yelp reviews before we checked this place out. ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS.
2	Food is ok. The ladies were rush to close because we were the last customers, so no service for the last 15'. Certainly disappointed because they already ring us up so THEY DIDINT SERVE US during that time! Will not go back!
5	Me myself I give this place 5 stars! I went today for my fiance's birthday and we hadA great experience here :) we went around 10 pm. The service was great And so was the food :) very chill place.
4	Best consistent deal in Vegas (so far) for KBBQ. AYCE (all you can eat) for $16.00+ tax all day (well 'til it closes). Not as packed as Tofu Hut. The service is so-so. Sometimes they don't always check on how you're doing, but they're working on that. The ponzu stuff (soy sauce looking sauce) is bomb. So is the cold mash potato! Yum, my fav! but if you eat KBBQ as often as I do,1. Head over to Greenland (Korean supermarket) 2. Buy a grill & stove & gas 3. Meats to eat (Brisket is like $8 a pack - good for two)4. Make your own sidesOverall initial cost for all items = $50, just refill the meats for next time!& enjoy KBBQ at the comfort of your home. Instant food coma, no sleepy driving pre-caution.
2	My cousin took us here to try this place out since it's one of her favorite  spots.Not a fan of their service since they were REALLY short handed.  Never checked on us until the end of the meal.  Things were forgotten.We ordered the steamed egg since it's my daughter's favorite dish, but it was overcooked.  She didn't eat as much as she normally does when it's yummy.But, if service doesn't bother you then this place has good BBQ.
3	I recently visited this ace with my husband and cousin and we had an excellent experience.  The service was quick and the waitress was very attentive.  She anticipated our needs and came over even before we could call her over.  She kept our water glasses full at all times.  We did not feel rushed by any means. And the food was really good.  This is probably my favorite AYCE KBBQ place in Vegas!
4	I ordered one dish here, the shredded beef spicy noodle soup, and it was fantastic.  This is a fabulous dish done right at this establishment.  The portion size was suitable, with a good amount of shredded beef, put in a spicy and flavorful broth.  I would come here just for this soup at least once a week if I lived in Las Vegas.
3	Solid, though not overly impressive. The spicy pork was my favorite. The brisket is just that- meat. There is no marinade on it at all. The sides were good. Definitely recommend lunch- cheaper prices, same menu.
5	Amazingly delicious food and so plentiful, especially for the price!!!  Our waitress Angie is so accommodating and friendly-- and her recommendations are spot on!!!  I especially loved the marinated chicken -- the pork belly -- and all the sides but especially the fish cakes!!!  This is a Korean barbecue so it makes it really fun to cook the meat right at the table!!!   This is a great restaurant for a family dinner!!!
5	Alright people!  I don't write reviews. ..ever! However Korean impressed me so much with their service and hospitality I had no choice but to write a review,  Korean garden bbq knows what it takes to get the job done. A+ overall, you will not be disappointed.
1	Garbage...I would rate food 3 but service brought it down to one....Garbage...go to suri ayce...rate Suri 3 but service brings in to 4
5	I come often to this Korean BBQ and I love the service here!!! There are times when the wonderful waitress were a little busy but it's totally fine because the food is so amazing. The service this time was perfect as well!! Angie took care of us for the night and she is the sweetest thing ever. Her constant jokes and cheerful personality made us feel really comfortable and made this visit so memorable. My favorite Korean BBQ place in Las Vegas.
1	Worst ever services! Food is ok. You are basically forgotten when sitting in. Avoid if you can!  Bad experience and angry feeling.
4	I am not a huge Korean food fan (it's ok but I prefer other Asian cuisines). This place came highly recommended and, perhaps due to my generally low expectations regarding Korean food, I was impressed at the quality. Good tasted great and service was passable.I got the $15.99 ayce BBQ and it was more than enough. Next time I might even opt for the basic menu because they bring you a lot of meat to throw on the grill. I will return.
5	We came here because tofu hut was full and my bf wanted BBQ. I am surprise how amazing the service was. Our server is always walking around to see if the tables needed help. When our food came she even help us start cooking it and would come back from time to time to help turn the food and cut them into small pieces. Excellent service and the food was good.
4	Clean, smoke-free and didn't leave smelling like kitchen!!!Second floor, window views, high ceilings, plenty of tables and still room to move about. Our server, Gina, kept tabs on us constantly!  Quick to refill water, plates, turn meat and even change grill when needed. Our friends had ordered a combo with beef, pork & chicken. Got more and ate it all.  Fantastic dinner at an even more fantastic price!  Monkey shall return with appetite to kill it all over again.  Can't beat the outstanding service with a smile and friendliness.
1	I wouldn't even give this restaurant one star. The service is so bad, didn't even have time to review the food! Came in with a group of 12 - 4 of them were children aged 6 and under. The restaurant was empty. Took five minutes to get seated. Another ten minutes to order our drinks. The waitress did not smile and say one word to us. She was miserable and did not even smile or say hello or welcome. MAJOR ATTITUDE. We wanted to order the childrens food ahead of time. The waitress, first time talking to us, said the children had to sit at a separate table. What! Two of the children just turned four and clearly needed assistance eating! She then chimed in and said because we were cooking table top BBQ we all had to order the same thing! A couple of the guests did not eat meat so they wanted to order something else. She said it was not allowed. Her tone was not pleasant at all. We got up and left. That was the worst service I have ever had - I don't know how they stay open for business. The are plenty of other Korean BBQ places. Save your time, gas, money and dignity and DO NOT GO!
3	Service was good. Food wasn't bad.
4	This is our new go to place when we are craving for Korean BBQ, the price is definitely reasonable and the food is good! I love the side dishes and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. I had only one bad experience, and that was when my daughter left her ipad in the restaurant, and when we called back there it was never recovered :( but that's not their fault of course, it was my daughters carelessness, lesson definitely learned for her... So if you are looking for the best korean BBQ in town that is easy on the budget, look no further!
3	Good food every time we go here and the sliced beef (Bulgogi?) is very tender.   All the sides are always fresh as well.   Expect to leave smelling like smoke as with most Korean BBQ's but aside from that, descent service and good food for the price.
4	They have different AYCE packages from $15.95, 19.95, and 23.95 that include different meats.The great part about that is Beef Brisket and Pork Belly are on the $15.95 menu and that's all I ever eat! Nom nom! The stupid part is they don't allow AYCE for just ONE person, its says its for TWO PEOPLE AND UP ONLY. WEIRD. What if I wanna eat some Kbbq solo?!! Anyway the brisket was good and the pork belly was good even though the slices are on the thin side. Bonus: They make their own kimchi here and it's good!
1	This place has dived to the bottom!Now that sister location, Maru in Summerlin, has closed we decided to return to KGBH after years of absence.What happened? This place used to be as close to BBQ in Korea as you could get in Las Vegas.No more! The meat was too thin and possibly old. The side dishes were too few and absent the favorites such as cucumber Kimchi and bean sprouts.Worse, they no longer serve a scallion salad which is fundamental to any good Korean beef BBQ.Leave this place to fail.We are desperately now searching for a new Korean BBQ.
4	This is a great value. Doesn't matter if you choose $16 or $20 all you can eat, you will walk away a winner.My wife is Korean, and we've been to all the Korean BBQ places in Las Vegas. This is the best value of all. Service is just ok, but quality of the food is very good. Always best for two or more people.
5	Good food, nice staff, not too loud.This was the first time I've been to a Korean BBQ, the kind waitress helped me decide on what to order, and even explain what all the side dishes were, and helped grill. five stars, fun, and new
1	I used to come here for 8 years and it was really good. It started declining a year ago them went there today and it would be the last time I would be coming to this establishment.First off the service sucks no waiter or waitress in sight had to get up and go to the front desk and ask for rice!Secondly the wait staff is rudeThird the quality of the food was horrible. Meat was rubbery and plenty of fat. Ordered bulgogi and I know it was not it but the waitress insisted it was. Yeah right!!!!!With so many other good places to eat don't even waste your time!!!!!!'
3	I wouldn't say this place is bad, but its not great, either. Here are the items you should order on the AYCE (15.95): Steamed Egg, Pork Belly, Beef Brisket. Also, they have pretty good side dishes, but in particular, I didn't like the broccoli that they made. In the end, it's all a pretty good price for what they give you, but those are the best items, in my opinion. Service was good for me. There wasn't a long line or a ton of people eating here. It was very private and bright inside. Plus, they have a great window view of..Chinatown haha! I feel like they did make our grill way too hot. It was burning my face and my food and I had to ask them to turn it down! I'd probably come here again because it's cheap and good, plus there are no extremely long lines! Next time, I'm just gonna turn the grill down and keep that brisket comin'!!!!
2	This was our big dinner after the big race and our pre-party. We came here exhausted and hungry. And we were all craving for meat. Came here as a big group and so we made the staff busy. We got the AYCE. Nothing special on the menu. But the poor vent!!! We walked out smelling like BBQ!
4	My cousin took me here last weekend to break my AYCE Korean BBQ virginity, and I was really, really happy she did. I really enjoyed having my dinner here, especially since the price is super affordable. I believe the start price for the Nevada menu is $16! The brisket was fantastic. The bulgogi was delicious. And the spicy chicken was amaze-balls! I really enjoyed their side dishes too. Service was okay. The owners were there and they were really nice and hospitable! When your grill gets dirty, they replace it for you. Everything was near perfect.The only reason why I didn't give it a full-on five star review was because the service was slow.. They didn't give us rice, tongs, and our grill was too hot. Not to mention we constantly asked for our water re-fills. So their service was what deducted a star from this review. Also, when I got up to pay at the cashier, the guy rudely looked at me and said, "Umm.. This doesn't include tip." -___- Like seriously? I know. I can read. And you shouldn't ASK for tip from your customers.. Other than that rude guy server and the mishaps of the night, I still would eat at this place. The owners were kind and the food was delicious!I MUST ADD: You can't get AYCE KBBQ unless there's two of you. Bummer, I know.
5	This is one of my favorite kbarb place to go aside from Tofu Hut. Their meat selection is awesome. Me and my boyfriend usually go for the Vegas which is $19.95 for all you can eat. We like this choice cause we love the beef rib tip they have. I personally think their customer service is pretty good. They'd always ask you if you need any more food or sometimes they'll cook the meat for you and cut it up as well. Just keep in mind that most of the people that works here are koreans so they have a different approach on customer service. Overall, i love this place and their food
4	Their food was delicious and reasonably priced. We had the brisket, pork belly, marinated chicken & spicy chicken. ALL of it was absolutely delicious! The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because the service was very slow & you have a time limit, slow service= more time wasted for them. Overall, it was yummy and a great restaurant with a wonderful atmosphere.
4	My friends and I usually go to Tofu Hut to get our kbbq fix, but we decided to try this place out after another friend of ours went. It's located in the same shopping center as Ichiza and Tea Station. We came in and were seated right away. The dining area is pretty big and we really enjoyed the ambiance. There were three different AYCE options: Nevada, Vegas, and Spring Mountain. We went with Nevada. First, we ordered brisket, pork belly, and steamed egg. It came with the house salad and your typical KBBQ starters (kimchi, broccoli, tofu, etc.). I thought the salad was okay. The waitress quickly brought out the brisket and pork belly. The brisket was delicious, which was enough to seal the deal for us. Pork belly and steamed egg were good, but not amazing. We also ordered the marinated chicken halfway through. The chicken wasn't my favorite, there wasn't much flavor to it. To sum it up, the AYCE kbbq was a good experience. My friends and I will definitely come back again, mostly for the delicious brisket. The service was great. Everyone was very friendly and attentive. We even watched as the owner played 'happy birthday' on the clarinet for another table, which we thought was cute. One downside would have to be that they close at 11, so late night kbbq here is not an option.
1	Can't do all you can eat by yourself. Seems unfair to pay more for just a single item on the menu when I couldn't get someone to join me and get the 15.99 price.
5	I usually don't post reviews, but I feel like this one was much deserved! My boyfriend and I used to go to Woonam Jung on Spring Mountain and Rainbow. Well, when they shut down in February due to a fire we needed somewhere else to go! Korean Gardens was close by so we decided to try it out. Not only are their prices incredibly cheaper for what I believe to be even better tasting food, but their entire staff is nothing but fantastic (especially Angie)! Granted, we now frequent this location WEEKLY...but they always greet us so warmly and even after the first few visits knew what drinks and specific meats to bring to the table without even asking. The food is amazing and so worth it. Love love love!
4	This is my second time here with the family.  Our first time was a great experience but this time was a little bit disappointing. It says on their menu, a time limit of 1 hr 30 mins applies but our rice was served an hour after we ordered it. Nothing against the server, she was actually nice and friendly. My parents love Korean BBQ so overall we had a good lunch. :)
1	If you wana stare at the grill with no meat then come try this place out. You'll be eating air for awhile so come prepared. Servers are helpful at first then they ignore you. We sat there waiting, trying to get the servers' attention. One of the girls literally looked at us and walked away. Didn't even bother to ask if we needed anything else. Also, we order steam eggs and it only took 3 servers to ask us to finally get it. This place has bad service and I will not be coming back. Go to Tofu Hut instead. Even their service is better than this one.
3	Was in LV with a friend, to pick up a package.  Lunchtime rolled around and we just happened to find ourselves on Spring Mountain road across the street from a large sign that said, "All You Can Eat Sushi."  We pulled in to the parking lot and checked out the sushi place, but my friend wanted AYKEKB instead.  I live in Torrance, CA where you can't swing a dead cat without hitting a Korean restaurant, so I was hesitant.  But my friend insisted and we soon found ourselves walking up the stairs to Korean Garden.  The place was nothing special:  Formica tables with a grill and a smoke hood.  The place seemed a little dated and not very busy.  We were greeted by a couple of ajumas and shown to a booth by the window.  The menu was of the Set A for $, Set B for $+, Set C for $$, etc.  We chose our meat and ordered drinks.  Beer choices were Hite, OB, Sapporo and Coors Lite.  My friend had a Hite, I had a lemonade (canned).The good:  The service was excellent.  Our meat dishes were brought out promptly and the staff lit the grill and proceeded to cook it for us.  Banchan were plentiful and replaced as soon as we ate them.  The meats were excellent.  We had two servings of brisket, rib meat, bulgogi, spicy chicken and pork belly.  The seasoned meats were not overly seasoned so you could taste the actual meat.  The unseasoned beef was tender and flavorful.  I loved the fried salt for dipping. The meat and service were both worth at least 4 stars.  Well worth the price.The bad:  The banchan.  I know most people don't go to this kind of place for the side dishes, but they are part of the meal.  The napa kimchi tasted old and extremely sour.  The texture was too soft, almost as if spoiled.  This didn't seem to bother my friend who is more of a Korean noob.  More was brought out and it was just as bad.  Persian cucumber kimchi tasted very bitter.  Twice.  I love meat, but I also love a good kimchee on the side. This kind of ruined the meal somewhat for me. Other banchan were OK, beansprouts, shredded daikon in sweet vinegar, fried tofu. Overall, I liked the meal, but they really should do something about the side dishes.  I'd really like to give this place 4 stars, but I can't.  This place is pretty good for the tourist or people who just want to try something a little different. Great meat, service and a decent price.  For a purist, there are probably better out here.
5	The best AYCE in Las Vegas.  I have been to Mother's Korean Garden, SURA, and many others.  This place has amazing service and the staff is so friendly and sweet.  There are so many side dishes and the prices are great!  There is no Kalbi but these are a few of my favorites:  marinated chicken, spicy bbq pork, steamed egg, large intestine and bulgogi!
3	3.5 stars really.Initially I meant to go to Tofu Hut, however I was not going to wait an hour for it. Hunting on Yelp, I discovered Korean Garden BBQ House. What interested me were their pricings: They have 3 different pricings: Nevada $14-15.99, Las Vegas $19.99, and Spring Mtn $22-23.99. Nevada having the shortest list of items to Spring Mtn having the longest list of items - depending on which pricing you choose, you may choose as many items on that list to your liking.I chose the Las Vegas pricing (Nevada pricing does not offer Japchae or Bulgogi.) I ordered Japchae, Marinated Chicken, Bulgogi, and Pork Belly. Second Round something Rib Fingers, Bulgogi, Beef Brisket, and something item that slipped my mind. The portions of meat were huge considering two types of meat were on one plate. The service was meh (staff forgot a couple of items we asked for) which doesn't help when the menu states - parties of 5 OR LESS 15% gratuity is already included -_- poop. I guess you can't complain(maybe you can) because the staff does cook and cut the meat for you. Like what other YELPers say - staff in the beginning are attentive and helpful, however later on... they just aren't haha. The bill took a while to arrive that I ended up walking up to the counter and paying - bout $50 for my meal. You may not make this mistake (I did) so just a note, do the math for the pricing you choose - add tax(8.1%) and 15% gratuity to make sure you actually want to pay $xx.xx for this meal (since now you can't choose how much gratuity to give but can choose what pricing you'd like)I could have lived without the Japchae and if I could, would have left just 10% to 13% gratuity.
4	My family and I are regulars here. We always have good service. The sides are tasty and the meats are good quality. We usually come before the crowds so it's pretty empty but good luck coming during the busy dinner time. The biggest problem is the parking. My advice come early avoid the crowd.
4	We went here on a saturday night with a group of 5 people for the AYCE, and quite enjoyed our experience.The food was great; I definitely prefer their sides to Tofu Huts, though I still like Honey  Pig's Kim chi and pickles better. I did miss beef tongue, which they do not seem to have. Sad face. It may be due to where our table was; directly along the wait staff's path to the kitchen, or due to the fact that we ate pretty late at night and the restaurant wasn't packed, but we didn't seem to have the service problems a lot of other yelpers encountered. Pros:- Great food, lots of different sides. My favorite bean paste stuff I've had in Vegas.- You'll have infinitely better luck getting in here than at Tofu Hut. Also, more parking.- Quite affordable for the amount and quality of meat. Much nicer meat cuts than tofu hut.- Incongruous and lovably campy tiki party atmosphere! Korean Dramas on TV!Cons:- No beef tongue! - Service can be a bit on the slow side. Wasn't super bad, but we did have to ask and wait for water a few times. This seemed to stem from staff being busy, and they were super friendly.
5	Fast servicefriendly staffnice placefood is good much better than tofu hutsides are goodmeat is good very soft love it here
3	I regularly eat Korean in Annandale, VA, so this was definitely not the best Korean BBQ I've had, but it's a solid option if you're craving it while in Vegas.The restaurant is located on the second floor of a strip mall in Chinatown, and the decor is very plain (typical Asian restaurant). The service is just alright - we were seated and served very quickly, but subsequent visits from the waitress were few and far between (annoying when you're trying to take advantage of an AYCE).The side dishes were pretty good, and I was happy with the larger than usual quantities. The AYCE I ordered included pork belly, beef brisket, spicy chicken, and spicy pork. I usually judge the restaurant by their spicy pork, as it's my favorite, and this one was a little bit hit and miss - the first order we got was really good, but the second one seemed flavorless in comparison.Next time I'm in town, I'll probably try a different place before coming back to this one.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in town. I am surprised to see a score of 3/5, I feel they are much better!!
1	Bad customer service.Food not really good,not recommend!!!
1	First off servers never respond to you. The meat just tasted old. And there were bugs everywhere, one on the window, seat, and once on my plate :( never again....
1	Been going here for almost 2 years.  Food is the same but now there's a $5.50 service charge for two all you can eat meals. Waitress said it was a 15% service charge/automatic tip. The actual percentage is just over 17% and it was strange that it was just hand written on the check and then entered in as a tip on the credit card charge. So the large advertisements for a 15.95 meal aren't that accurate.
1	Me and my boyfriend are not picky people when it comes to food. But seriously? This place. No. Just... no.Good price. Not so good meat. How can you mess up brisket? HOW?! He couldn't even finish eating the meat (yes it is that bad) because according to him, it tasted really old. There were a few bugs around our area too which is a definite no-no to me. There was only one server on the floor and she certainly couldn't care less about us or the table behind us either. Well then...
4	Great place to eat! Not only is the food great but the service is also great! I have a hard time finding great service in Asian restaurants. They came around regularly and we didn't feel like they were ignoring us. They also came around and helped with the BBQ from time to time. Their spicy squid and beef tofu soup were a little spicier than I would have liked them to be. I'm not a big fan of this mashed potato side dish they have. I'm definitely a big fan of beef tongue, squid, brisket, Kim chi, and bulgogi.
4	Come here to get my Korean bbq fix usually pretty good but service can be a hit or miss and you cant beat the AYCE price tag I always get the Nevada because all I get is either the brisket or pork belly love their side dishes too
4	Came here to try it for the first time. Service was really nice and fast. Even helped cook our meat sometimes. We got the $15.95. All good cause it was pretty good stuff. The brisket is good. Salad is pretty good. I like the flavor. Steamed egg was tasty. Their rice is nice and hot. Marinated spicy chicken was unique and yummy. Kimchi was really good and cold. Water was always refilled quickly without asking. They know how to do work here! Got the check and was confused why it was more expensive than we thought. We just decided to pay for it anyways. When we went to the cashier I saw on the menu it said they automatically ass gratuity to all parties 5 or less 15% or more 18%. Then out loud I said "oh babe that's why, they already charged us for gratuity." She looked at us and looked concerned and I replied "sorry it was our first time here." And then she was quick to apologize and say "oh I'm sorry I didn't know usually our customers know so we don't say anything.." And I said it was fine. She was really nice about it and I can tell it was a genuine response. The place is cute and clean too. Thumbs up to Korean garden! Now I know why people go here.
2	Kbbq doesn't compare to what we have in LA!  The restaurant was clean, but that could also have something to do with the fact that when I was here, it was completely empty!  The food was just OK.  I wasn't fond of the fact that the waitress that was helping us mixed up all of our meats.  I am not a fan of certain cuts of beef, but that didn't matter to her. She mixed up the tongue and the brisket and other meats all together. I guess, to her, things would all taste the same. NOPE. I can tell the difference.  I was not happy having to sift through all different pieces of meats and try and figure out, without tasting everything, which was which part.  I thought it was pretty nifty, however, that they offered taxi services from their restaurant to wherever it was that you needed to go next.  The taxi service was Korean. You're whisked away in a nicer car, similar to a towne car.  In this case, we were in the Kia Eqqus. I know that doesn't sound like top of the line, but I must admit, it was pretty sleek. Anyway, the restaurant calls their taxi service. They're there to pick you up as soon as you pay the bill and wash your hands. Amazing. They will take you to wherever you need to go.  they don't run a meter. So, it's kinda up to their discretion.  Make nice and have a chill conversation with them.   They won't gouge you. This is a part of their whole operation. It's pretty genius how that all works.  The sauces were OK.  The restrooms are clean.  The service was great, until she decided to mix everything up without asking us for our preference. The price was right. The rice was a bit too mushy for me.  The potatoes were good but they were pretty bad about bringing you more of the banchan/sides. Parking can be horrible there, as there is also a sushi spot next to the KBBQ place. It's safe to say that the NEVADA menu isn't bad. The price is about right you can't really go wrong with brisket and pork belly.
4	First let me start by saying... TAKE YOUR JACKETS OFF. TAKE WHATEVER ACCESSORY YOU HAVE ON AND LEAVE IT IN THE CAR. I DON'T CARE HOW COLD IT IS OUTSIDE. I say this because you will come out smelling like the restaurant and grilled meats. It's inevitable...There are many all you can eat korean barbecue restaurants in Las Vegas. I would like to consider this place as one of the best ones here. When considering all you can eats, the value is everything. They have a 3-tier menu. Honestly speaking you don't need any other meat except the brisket (cha dol baek ee). This is because the others are pretty thick and heavy or heavily marinated. They also just don't taste good. The brisket is thin, light, and full of flavor. If you need more flavor then use the sauces that they give you. There are ladies who come around to help you cook and what not, but you honestly never need any of their help because come on.... if you're a man, you know how to grill, if you're a woman, you know how to cook. Let's be real. There is no need to review the service because it is an all you can eat. They will be there when you really need them. The all you can eat is only 15.95. If you are looking for Kalbi (Korean Marinated Beef), then you would go to Sura. You would be paying over 20 dollars there.
3	We did not order the AYCE and did a la carte. This bbq place is on the second level in the plaza with tea station!Goods - The restaurant is large and can accommodate bigger parties.The galbi was good quality for the a la carteseafood hotpot is good! - if you are not a spicy fan ask for less spicy!Could be better -Portion for price I think could be a bit moreThey ran out of the kalbi with bones. ?!?guy kept cooking our food... could be good or badpanchan was average
4	I thought I try this place out since my go to place was Tofu Hut every time I want Korean BBQ. When I came here with a friend, it was empty with only a few other parties around us. They have different combos you can try from 15.95, 19.95, to 24.95. We decided with the 24.95 combo and ordered brisket, shrimp, rib finger, beef tongue, two steamed eggs, and beef tofu. One thing I liked was that they let us to small orders of everything so we could take our options! I thing I wished they had were kalbi ribs! I mean I paid 25 dollars I expect the option to have galbi on there. The service was okay but could of been better since the place was empty. She came by once in a while to take more orders but other than we had to flag her down for more bachan and water. Also I think they forget about is when we got our check.
4	I used to come here all and then switched to tofu hut. I don't remember why I decided to make the change but sadly tofu hut made me horribly sick. I self diagnosed myself with food poisoning. after that i came back to Korean Gardens and I don't know if its just my horrible experience at the other place but Korean Gardens stepped up their game. not only was the food delicious (we got pork belly and brisket) but the service was unexpectedly great. the last time I was here I had to flag someone down. Now, not only was my server constantly up beat she was very helpful. The highlight is the steamed egg. Oh My Goodness. It is THE most delicious thing in the world. its Soo fluffy and creamy and just eggy heaven. Sometimes I just come here when I'm craving an egg.
3	I'd say 3.5 stars for this one lolLike I mean the food was good an all but the fact that they charge 18% gratuity for parties OF 5 AND LESS! Is bs, we had a group of like 15 so we split into about 3 tables and what do you know? We got charged. The service was alright. After they seated us they took their time to ask us if we were ready to order with out giving us a menu.If someone does go here please please read the menu at the bottom They charge gratuity for parties of 5 and less so what I'm guessing is we have to show up with a fck load of people in order to not have a service charge.There's also 3 different menus Nevada 15.95Locals 19.95And I think vegas 25.95The selections were alright for the prices but I mean is rather go somewhere else than to be told you can only have a certain selection with a certain amount of money.The signs they have in the restaurant are also old, I've been told that it's a new management therefore everything else in the restaurant is old and it's being managed by someone else with the semi old policies
3	Good place for a lot of food at a good price. Had a all you can eat lunch.  The food is BBQ in front of you. Tons of food and you can't eat it all.
4	Food was AMAZING. Reminded me of the last trip to Korea, great sides and tons of meat. All you can eat for $15.95, so the price is right AND quality is high. One star docked because our service was a bit slow. When paying for all you can eat, the good should keep coming. We will definitely be back though! (And bringing friends here next time - such a good place for a group!)
4	Awesome experience every time we go.  I'm usually ordering the bulgogi, pork belly and bbq brisket.  What's cool about this place is that we can cook it ourselves at the table and it's a great deal.
4	This is our regular place food is good and service is better than Tofu hut.  They are not skimpy with portions and keep your sides coming.
2	Automic gratuity for a party of 3? Really? It would be fine and all expect the gratuity charge was separated from the actual printed receipt and was just hand written on a different piece of paper. Kinda weird.
4	This is where we go when we are in vegas.I shouldn't begin with the sides; but that is what I love most about the korean meal. Every one is excellent and high quality. The meat is also of a pretty good quality as well. All in all; I'm glad that my boss found this place. It is quite enjoyable.
4	We had Yukgejang, Tuk Mando Guk, Daegi-bulgogi, Danjang Chigae, and all was outstanding.  The restaurant was clean and open, and the staff were all friendly and attentive with smiles.  Our primary waitress was Esther, who was excellent and made our visit relaxed and fun.  Also, we had a great view of the strip from our table.  We will be going back soon.
5	Nice place.  Best priced in Vegas (that I am aware off).  Great service.  Tasty food.   I love it and eat there all the time.
3	I decided to give this place a try for a high school event about a year ago. This is now my go-to place whenever my friends and I are hungry and are looking for an all you can eat place. But during lunch, they don't serve all of the little side dishes that are usually served before the meat. No kimchi for lunch? Seriously? And gratuity is ridiculous. Besides those cons, the meat's pretty good and the service is good too.
5	Good food. Reasonable price. Good service. It's a clean restaurant. I go there almost every week for their BBQ.
1	Worst customer service ever. Took over 45 minutes just for us to get water even after we asked multiple times. When we were given our meat, we didn't even get tongs. Asked servers nicely for tongs and didn't even get it until AFTER we finished an order of briscut and bulgogi. I'm pretty sure they noticed how unhappy we were. It was to the point where I didn't even find satisfaction in eating anymore and I was so hungry. Regardless if it's a bigger venue, I'll just stick to tofu hut. NEVER GOIN BACK AGAIN
3	We didn't eat the AYCE and I'm glad we didn't. Came in for lunch and ordered off the menu and the beef selection we ordered was pretty good. I got the feeling that quality of the AYCE wasn't as good because, it's AYCE. So the beef was pretty good but it wasn't amazing either. Not necessarily beef that I'd go back to. Unless someone else invited me.
4	Stopped in with my husband for lunch.  Nice quite location, I actually like the fact that it is upstairs.  Service was on point, and the meat was very fresh!  Got tips on cooking time and we dove in!  I plan on returning!
5	3 years in a row I go here with our company (25 people) to eat and be merry.  I do not know how my boss found this place, and I would probably never think to go here if I were on a personal trip.  But somehow it works.I think what makes it cool here is that it's your average dingy sort of edge of dodgy Korean spot.  The crowd is always mixed though...mostly locals.  It's not the cleanest.  The parking lot is crowded and a bit scary from the creepy men walking to the massage parlors.  The food is classic.  Big portions, always delicious and they make something special if you ask.We always sit in the back room and have a great time.  And I'm sure the price is WELL under my bosses budget!  Will be back November of 2015!!
1	Food is okay same as every korean BBQ place but they only have two sections to choose from for all you can eat so the selection is pretty limited. I would stick to a buffet styled kbbq place (sura) if you're looking to expand your taste buds and they are about the same price I believe. Also you wouldn't have to eal with the lousy customer service and decide when and how much meat you want.I did not drink water that whole day so I finished my cup in about 10 mins. The waitresses, more than one, would come to put plates of food on our table and not even fill up or care about my water! I had to keep asking them which was pretty annoying since they obviously saw my empty cup when they placed new plates and took old plates away. Same thing happened with the rice bowls. We asked for three more bowls of rice and never received it and they weren't even busy....
2	Second time I've been here and it's still the same. We ordered the "vegas" style all you can eat because we liked the Kalbi. Everything is tasty yet the service there is absolutely horrible. We didn't get any plates, water, and rice when all of our meat came out. Whenever we asked for more water or more for some help with our grill, we got an attitude and had to wait more. Took us about 3 hours to get done instead of an hour or two if we had good service. Won't come here again.
5	It was my first time eating Korean BBQ and I loved theirs! I got my money's worth with their Nevada all you can eat set. The beef brisket was amazing, couldn't stop stuffing myself with it.
