3	Got there around 8pm and they were packed!!!  All the tables inside were full and the tables outside were full.  CRAZY!  They had 3 employees working so the line flowed steady.  We got our ice cream to go, since the place was packed.  Store the clean, employees are friendly, and the ice cream is good!
4	Bit pricey, but it's always been our favorite place to go for treats....
4	It's small, busy, with bad indoor seating but I came for the ice cream! Delishous! I always get the founders favorite, and instead of the pecans I get extra brownies.  Cold stones is a great place.
5	Haven't been here in a long time, a lot of new options to choose from! They were super busy when we came in but they were working fast and the employees were very friendly. Will keep in mind for future ice cream outings :)
5	Great experience! We stop by for a quick treat and were very happy with no lines, super friendly service and quick check out. Will be stopping by again! Amazing staff!
3	I went in last night to get ice cream with my husband. The particular ice cream mix that I was looking for wasn't on the menu "Cheesecake Fantasy," so I just described it to one of the girls behind the counter.  She knew right away what I was talking about asked for the size and ran off to make it. I was looking forward to getting a waffle cone cup, but I didn't even have the chance to tell her before she was done. She didn't ask either. Part of the reason why I felt we were a little rushed off during the time spent inside.  Was because three gentlemen had arrived before us and it seemed like they all knew each other.  They all talked during the whole time we were there. We won't be coming back to this location again.
3	It's been a while but it's still good.If you like  ice cream (and who doesnt) and you are not afraid of the calories. Then Cold Stone Creamy is the place for you. Coldstone has good  Ice cream and you get to create your own custom ice-cream creation. As we entered the store we were greeted with a loud "Hello".  There was a bit of a long line however, the folks at Coldstone  kept the line moving.  As we waited in line, it was obvious that the staff at Cold Stone enjoyed working there and working with each other. When it was our turn we were served and given suggestions by the staff.  Its been a while since I last visited coldstone but it was still as good as i remembered.Coldstone has awesome service, lots of choices of icecream, so if your in the area give it a try
3	Good Ice Cream and CrewCold Stone is always a treat.  Pros are great, rich flavors along with lots of candy options to crank up the joy on the day... and harden your arteries.  Perfect for the Arizona heat.The negatives are the table area can be messy and the friendly crew working often gets a detail wrong on the order.  And what's with an ice cream sandwich with ice cream too soft to stay IN the sandwich?! :o(Still a good place and you'll gt service with a smile.  If they close the gap on the little things, I'll be happy to up them to four stars.
