4	Great italian cappuccinos, comfy seating.
4	This is a satellite location of the coffee shop that originated in Highland Park.  They serve, without question, the best cappuccino you can get within a mile of Craig Street.  Around lunchtime they sell yummy and reasonably priced panini, often using local ingredients.  Everything is very simple - no fine dining here - but very good.The only negative comment I have is regarding their pastries.  They have a selection of scones, cookies, croissant, and the like, all of which are really very nondescript and feel (regardless of their actual source) that they came from a factory somewhere.  Generally speaking, avoid them.  If you must indulge, the sfogliatelle are actually OK (when they have them) and there is an apple tart that's somewhat OK.  Everything else is generally not worth eating.
5	5 stars are for the espresso drinks, definitely not anything I normally would expect from a coffee bar in a university. TD only "bike love" blend is simply great for latte. Once in a while the quality fluctuate a bit if the barista is relatively newer, but still bits anything within 10 miles. The original shop at highland doesn't seem to have this problem.I believe they do make their own pastries everyday (replying the review from Peter B), 'cuz I went there so often once upon the time that I got to have some failing products straight from the oven. Bars and cookies are ok, but apple tart and apple dumpling are worthwhile trying... Again, the original shop seem to have better pastries and more choices in general. In general, I definitely recommend this place, for a cup of spro drink plus some nice reading in the morning or some intellectual discussion in the afternoon. :)
5	Tazza D'Oro is by far the best coffee near Carnegie Mellon, and has great sandwiches and pretty good pastries to go with.Tazza's brewed coffee ranges from good to excellent, depending on how fresh and which blend it is.  It is where I first learned to drink my coffee black and appreciate the interesting flavors in the coffee instead of just drowning it in milk and sugar to hide the coffee for the sake of the caffeine.  Their lattes are strong and wonderfully bitter, but don't have the overly-dark, burnt flavor that some have.  They also have a nice selection of teas, although I haven't tried most of them.Tazza also has a great selection of panini, often made with local ingredients.  My favorites are the roast beef and the portabello mushroom; at one point they had (and periodically still have) an absolutely excellent ham, apple, and brie sandwich.  They're a little pricey, but if you skip the (tasty!) side salad, you can save $2.Their pastries are pretty good.  There seems to be some contention as to whether they're made by Tazza or not; I'm not sure if they're *assembled* locally, but they are certainly *baked* locally.  My favorites include the cinnamon scones, the brownies, and the apple tarts.Tazza is on the CMU dining plan; it's probably one of the best values (in terms of quality, at least, if not quantity) for a lunch block.  As a consequence of this, though, they do accept credit cards, but only Visa and MasterCard.
3	Conveniently located in the Gates building.  Its a nice common area, though its usually pretty full and loud, not unlike your usual coffee shop. The espresso is excellently made.  Prices are comparable with other nearby locations.  They have lots of delicious looking pastries and goodies.
4	By far the best food on the CMU campus. They have great pastries, some local food options, and good quality loose leaf teas.
5	Coffee so good, my mother ships it to me out of state. Seriously, phenomenal.
3	Gotta love Tazza D'Oro.This place is by far the best coffee within a ten minute walk of Carnegie Mellon... though that isn't saying much. The wait staff is very friendly and the coffee is A-OK!Occasionally the coffee has an oiliness to it, which typically means the beans aren't fresh, but overall I'm satisfied. The hot sandwiches and soup are the most edible thing on campus and the pastries are amazing. If the prices were a TINY bit lower I would give the place 4 stars.
5	Great little hidden coffee shop in Oakland. Only place I know of in Oakland that offers pour overs made by the cup. They have some food options too and their paninis are pretty good. Lots of seating by large windows makes for a nice ambiance. Large tables so you often have to share.
4	If I had to miss one place about the CMU dining plan, it would be this place (and La Prima Espresso). They are on the pricey side (about $10-12 for a panini), but with with a CMU block or Dinex, this is a perfect place for lunch. Just prepare for a long line during lunch especially Monday-Fridays.My favorite panini (and the most expensive one) has to be the Proscuitto w/ Mozzarella, Tomato, and Basil Pesto. Also recommended are the Roast Beef or Turkey w/ Asiago panini. Each panini comes with a side salad dressed with vinegar.Besides their paninis, Tazzo D'oro also offers freshly baked pastries. You can see them baking right on the premises.My favorites:  Apple tart - One of their most popular items along with the Chocolate croissant. Grab on one of these if you can. Love the caramelized apples on top and the crispy, yet flaky pastry underneath.Chocolate croissant - they fill the croissant with so much chocolate that the part that spills out of the flaky croissant forms into a hard candy-like substanceChocolate chip cookie - huge, gooey, and addictingI don't drink coffee, but they make a decent hot chocolate and hot apple cider. They also offer various teas and a soup of the day. Get there early if you want soup, because that sells out even faster than the pastries.
5	This place makes the best latte I've ever had. I miss it so much after I graduated. Hot/iced latte, macchiato, berry tart, sfogliatelle are my favorite~
5	We have this place on our campus! Awesome! They know about coffee and make good stuff. Espresso and cappuccino in ceramic. Even their drip is pretty good (though often on the tart side).
