4	They do a 15 minute meet and greet interview with any of their pediatritians. Great way to find the right baby doctor for your little one.
5	The practitioners here truly are healthcare professionals in every sense of the word. For adults I recommend NP Wendy Gallagher. She takes the time to truly get to know you and make you feel empowered and informed in your health care, and on top of it she is friendly and knowledgable. For pediatrics all three of them are great but Dr Lipp is my favorite! So glad this facility opened- and it being so close to home is just the icing on the cake!
1	It's unfortunate, because I really wanted to make Banner, the health provider for my families needs.  Having said that, after seeing them for various reasons over the last year and a half, I have determined that they simply do not care.  To be more specific, both my wife and I can sense that we are no more than just a number.  After a bad experience where I was told to wait for over 45 minutes when I was early for my appt. (as requested) they made me sit in their lobby for 30 minutes past my appt. time.  I emailed a letter expressing my displeasure w/ this on their website.  I received an email from what I believe was the Manager of the location.  I was asked to call her.  I did that and left a voicemail.  That call was never returned.  I simply asked for a call back.  The latest two incidents helped to make our final decision.  I had an episode at home where I had chest pain and turned pale, then a few minutes later got physically ill and almost passed out.  I called to set up an appt. for a check up and to see if maybe I had had a heart issue and was told that the earliest they could see me was 22 days away.  I told my friend about this and he said, what I had thought the entire time.  That is, if something like that had happened to him and he told his physician, they would want to see him ASAP.  The second issue I have is that my wife has endometriosis and had surgery earlier this year through Banner to remove cysts.  Not only did the surgeon not remove all the cysts, but my wife is now continuing to feel pain.  When she went back to her OBGYN at Banner, she was told that a certain drug might help.  My wife was then told that they would have to have insurance approval for this treatment.  We have a PPO plan.  My issue, is that even if our plan doesn't cover the expense, we will pay it to ease her pain.  Why should insurance be the determining factor?  Heck, we'll even prepay in 100 dollar bills if that's what it takes.  When my wife decided to seek a second opinion and needed to go back to Banner to sign off on her records release to the new physician, the nurse/assistant asked if she should still submit for that drug approval through our insurance.  This was a week after she had her appointment complaining about the pain.. So basically, they just sat on it, and did nothing while she was in pain.  They didn't even do what they said they were going to do.  This is extremely frustrating and was the final straw.  Do yourself a favor and find a better team of physicians for your family's needs.  That's what we're doing now.  A family doctor should actually care about their patients, and even though I'm sure there are some very good people that work there, there seems to definitely be a systematic flaw in how they do business and treat people.  But hey... don't take my word for it... go check out their FB page and the bad experiences posted there... I guess we're not alone.
