1	The pluses - they serve beer and have sport on screens at the bar; you'll be glad to get home.The minuses - food is nasty (think very bad school cafeteria); wait staff we had were pretty rude; it doesn't come cheap which is actually a blessing as you are less likely to order; and if you want quick this isn't the place.Asyou can see not the best of establishments.  I cannot see going back any time soon.
4	The other review apparently was expecting a fine-dining experience. It's an airport bar that serves the kind of food you expect from a quick little bar near the gate. Not healthy, not hand prepared lovingly by a team of 5 star cooks. Quick bite to eat with a beer or cocktail before you pushback. It's perfect for that. Don't come here for your 25th wedding anniversary dinner.Recommend.
2	I guess the nice thing to say would be that they had beer and I didn't get food poisoning?The staff pretty much could care less if you're there or not - I don't think I've experienced a server that was that checked-out in a long time. My food was edible, but came on a plastic plate? For real?? Is there not a real kitchen back there? No dishwasher. Very ungreen. Much like the rest of Phoenix.If I didn't have a meal voucher from United and had to pay for what I consumed this would be a one-star. I'd rather eat Wendy's.
1	I know that this airport strives to be the friendliest.... Perhaps they need to share that philosophy with the people that work here. Thankfully they have Blue Moon.
1	We waited for 10 min at a table while all the servers wiped tables, chatted, etc. When I finally got eye contact with a server I got the "damn can't you wait" look. Finally we got menus thrown on the table, no hi, no nothing, while she was on her way to the next table. That table had been trying to flag her down to tell her there was something wrong with their food. It looked disgusting. That was enough for me. I guess at least I got a place to sit for 20 minutes undisturbed. Oh wait, this is an airport, I can sit anywhere. Damn, can I get my 20 minutes back?
