4	Been going here for years for breakfast, lunch and dinner, great food and prices. Service is good, food is good, prices are good. The only complaint I would have to say anything about is sometimes the portions are not all that much......
4	I work in a pretty desolate area, and there isn't much to choose from in the food category. I'd say that I've pretty much kept Bojangles in business over here because for about 3 months that's where I'd gone just about daily. Which there's nothing wrong that... I love me some Bojangles..Well a coworker told me and a friend about Gardenia, and I'm glad he did. It's close to work, but down a different road I'd never thought of taking. We got there and at first were dismayed by the parking lot until we pulled into the actual place. It stretches all the way around to the back. Ok, initial thoughts were replaced by the smelly good aroma floating out the door and straight up my nostrils to smack my brain. This created a chain reaction and my stomach automatically started rubbing blisters on my backbone due to hunger. You can sit anywhere you like, and we chose a booth against the wall. The menus are already on the table and the service is very fast. Great for a lunch time run in. I ordered a chicken pita and mashed potatoes. Both were just delicious. No fake taters here, yum! The prices were good, portions were good, etc. We headed over to the register to pay and my bill came up to $6.66, and being the superstitious person I am made an ACK!! noise. She laughed at me, and changed it to $6.65, so I could go on about my day. haha I thanked her and she said it happens all the time. :)I'm sure I'll be back within the week. It's usually the end of the week choice for a treat!
3	It's a good ole southern home cooking joint on the west side. The biggest plus is the prices. Not many places still have dinner meal for less than $7 with 2 sides and a tea (their dinner specials come with tea). Food is typical.  Grilled pork chop is a little dry and tough. Better off with the fried pork chop. And when I said pork chop I meant super thin cut ones.  Country fried steak's gravy was the whitest I have ever seen... Thus a little bland.  It reminds me of comfort food people referring to when they talk about their grannies. Nothing against grannies (or moms), but I have found out in the 2 decades I have lived in the south that their cookings are normally pretty plain and non-eventful. But knowing so still doesn't stop us from wanting granny's pot roast because it is the consistency and thoughts and memories that matter.  What is off in quality at Gardenia is made up by the "sweetie/honey" southern hospitality and down home appeal. It's a solid spot for a low budget meal.  You will be happy if you have the right mindset and expectation.
4	Gardenia has to be one of the best values in Charlotte: good home-cooking and a lot of it, for a great price. Their grilled pork chops are juicy and well seasoned, meatloaf like mom's, perfect fried fish and 2 people can eat well for under $20, tip included. Not too shabby!
5	I work on the west side now and I forgot how many good quaint places there are to eat here. My first time eating here was on my lunch break alone, when I walked in i had no idea what to do. There was a line with people paying, no host, and people sitting. I am so silly but I didn't know if you order and pay at the line then sit and eat or what was going on. A nice waitress saw It was my first time and helped me. Pretty much you just sit down where ever you want.  So far the BLT is great alone with their potato salad. Their fried shrimp is spot on as well. My co workers like the chicken salad on a croissant, which looks divine. They have specials everyday and boy do they have a lot of choices. My favorite days are Tuesday through Thursday. No matter what day you go here though you will be able to eat really well for a really good price. The entire staff is very friendly so make sure to leave them a good tip. Caint beat this place that serves nice comfort food, that's fast and has quality. I cant wait to go back next week!
4	Fast fast fast diner food.   Delicious Chicken Pot Pie!  Seriously, we went for lunch and i SWEAR the waitress took our order, walked back to the kitchen and returned with our food.   Southern Home cooking Fast.
5	Had to wait for my husband to arrive at Charlotte airport, since I was flying in from a different city. Came to Gardenia cause it was close to airport and rental car company. Best home style southern cooking I've had in a long time! And the prices were on the really inexpensive side. Loved that the waitresses knew the regulars by name!
1	I am not sure how someone thinks this food is great.  It is subpar and out of the freezer.  There is no way that this is Southern fare that is good or even tasteful.  Nothing is homemade and food is dry.  Service is nice and the lobby is good.  But please close and stop serving food that comes out of the freezer.  Grocery stores are always open.
5	This place is the definition of great food at a great price. I work 2 mi away so I always pickup and my orders are always correct. I needed a break from fast food so my coworker recommended Gardenia. I've been 3 times and my favorite so far is the stuffed chicken.
