4	Fresh and cheap mexican food.  We got the Carne Asada plate and Hard Tacos- everything was really good, cooked to order.  Chips were fresh and hot, small salsa bar if you eat in.  Open 24 hours and has a drive through.  Can't beat the prices for what you get- really large portions.  They just opened but looking forward to hitting them up regularly.
4	A perfect copy of Robertos. Good food but Robertos was already in the area, a one minute walk from each other. The only thing different with this place is it has a drive thru which is a plus.
1	I had to try it, I love Roberto's, but this has a drive thru and would be more convenient. So one night, craving a shrimp cocktail from Roberto's, but already home and not wanting to leave my comfy pjs, I decided to come here. After ordering I was asked to park in the front of the restaurant, as well as the two cars that came in behind me. My food was brought out, 20 minutes after pulling to the front, and incorrect. I proceeded to wait another 15 minutes! When I got home (I live 2 minutes away) everything was cold. So my company very unhappily ate a cold dinner. Next time I'll throw some jeans on and go to Roberto's.
1	I would give it no stars if yelp would let me. Health department needs to check this place out. Food was not cooked/heated properly. Took our food home, 3 blocks away and beans were luke warm, rice was ok and all the other main stuff was cold (taquitos, tacos and tamales)... Epic fail. Roberto's is same distance and tastes way better.
3	Like other Yelpers who have reviewed before me, pretty much a replica of Robertos. Same options, same flavor, same prices, only difference is their drive-thru. Small salsa bar inside too. I ordered the #4 two cheese enchiladas and the flavor was severely lacking!!! But the carne asada burrito was delicious, and we also had a torta which was ok to. Open 24/7
1	WTF?  Today i ordered by phone for pick up because that was easiest for us.  That's how we do at Robertos.    Maybe there's a language barrier between me and the lady taking my order but I really think they should learn their menu in English before taking orders by phone.  Or maybe they got lost in translation between the lady who took the order and the person who put our order together.  I don't know!!I ordered Carne Asada fries NO BEANS!!   And plain Nachos with cheese.  First of all, the Carne asada fries clearly had beans.  Omfg the nachos were a joke.  I will post a pic, so refer to that.  It's tortilla chips and it looked like they just melted shredded cheddar cheese on top.  The cheese was really hard.  Really???  Mexican restaurant with no real nacho cheese?  They had to melt shredded cheddar cheese which hardened by the time we got home.  back to Robertos we go.  What a waste of space in southern highlands.
5	Don Tortaco- authentic and fast! I'm giving it five stars because it's open twenty four hours. This location reminds me of several Sunset Blvd locations in Beverly Hills in Cali.
5	My boyfriend, his roommate, and I went there last night around 1-2 am because my boyfriend's roommate saw the place on his way home and wanted to try it out.Right when we got there, my boyfriend and his roommate immediately started joking around about the name and about how catchy it was. We went inside and only saw one guy working. I think he was the only one handling everything, such as cashier, drive-thru, cooking the food, etc. It took him a while to get back to us and get our order but I really think i's because he was the only one handling everything and there was someone in the drive-thru when we got there. Anyhow, he got back to us, my boyfriend and I ordered a chicken chimichanga, and about 10 minutes later, it came out. I should've taken a picture, but it was delicious. What was different was that the tortilla was like deep-fried or something I believe. It was crunchy and the chicken was so soft and moist. Really good food!The environment was very friendly. The walls are painted bright green, bright orange, and bright yellow which made it much more welcoming. And a plus is that it was not cold in there, the temperature was perfect. (It is always cold in Roberto's and the people working there were always giving us looks like they didn't want to be there and they didn't want us to be there....) Here, though, he seemed to be the only worker, he was working late, and he was still friendly to us.We really like this place and I'm sure we will definitely be back. :)
1	I do not recommend this place.  I ordered the menudo, and was very disappointed.  It had no flavor. I added 3 slices of lemon, 1 cup of salsa, 2 small packs of salt. It then tasted a bit better.   My friend ordered camarones a la diabla.  He described the sauce as tasting like can tomatoes sauce with chile. It looked watery to me.  Horchata was good. I will not come to this restaurant again.
1	I gave this place a try and the menu is an exact carbon copy of crappy Roberto down to the bland taste .  I believe this is own by Roberto and they decided to have another shop in the Main Street and changed the name since Roberto is right around the corner. I'm not coming back here since I not a fan of Roberto and yes I had really good Mexican burrito before and Roberto is crap.
1	Tried it once, I'm going back to Roberto's right around the corner.  Apparently going through the drive-thru at 3PM really pisses off the young lady working the window.  The only verbal communication from the cashier was to tell me how much I owed - No greeting and no goodbye from the staff.  I'll gladly take my business elsewhere since my patronage is not appreciated here.
1	If I could put negative stars, I would. I never had a MAJOR issue with this place in the past, maybe a wrong order here and there but I learned to let it go. I hate complaining, but as a person who works in customer service, I really can't stand when people come to work with bad attitudes! I went here the other night after work and ordered through the drive thru. I order my usual carne asada fries and as I pulled up to pay, everything seemed fine. The lady working the drive thru was just so unpleasant. She had to reach a little bit harder to grab my card through the window, and she started shaking her head. I even took off my seat belt so I didn't have to make her reach out far. As she handed me my food, I then ask for red and green sauce, and she had the nerve to roll her eyes so far back that I was livid after she did that! As she handed me the sauce, I said to her, "Are you really going to roll your eyes at me like that?" And she just walked away from the window. My blood was boiling and I wanted to go inside and complain, but figure that they wouldn't have done much about her attitude. Someone like that should NOT be helping people. What a joke!
