5	I wanted to write a great review for this company because they deserve it!. Lanette Richmond, the owner is a top quality business owner.She truly cares about all of her clients, customers and her employees.I believe her and her maid/cleaning services to be the best in the area.She is always looking for new and better ways of running her business.Its nice to know you can call the owner and she will actually call you back and handle any questions or concearns you might have.Its rare to find people in the service industry that stand behind thier word and their work.I trust her 100% as should you.
5	As a maid service business owner, I have known Life Maid Easy for years.  I know this company because of its excellence in our industry:1. The value of its owner is always determine the company's spirit and performance.  The owner of this company, Lanette Richmond, has the integrity and the highest standard of service for her clients and cleaning technicians.  I am wowed by how much she has done to take care of clients and help technicians to have a better life by working at Life Maid Easy.  2. Its best practices in the maid service industry. Life Maid Easy has many leading practices in our industry in customer service, ranging quality assurance process to lowest price with world class service.It is no surprise that Life Maid Easy obtained numerous awards from Association of Residential Cleaning Services International, Angie's List, and BBB.  I know from the other side that this company really takes care of its clients in the most professional way.
1	I just called for a quote to clean windows and base boards. The lady who I spoke with was hard to talk to and then hung up when I decided not to go with them.
5	A friend recommended Life Maid Easy and I'm so glad that she did. I was preparing my home for a party and just didn't have time to do all of the cleaning that went with that. Three ladies arrived and I took them through my home showing them what was important to me and off they went. I had to leave for a few hours and when I came back I was amazed. I know that I will be calling them in the future...thank you!
