2	Considering my penchant for neon lighting, basement bars and anything Spanish/Latin American/Central American themed, this should be the kind of place that I would run to of a weekend for crazy dance times and rum imbibing. But unfortunately, my heart lies with another Mexican themed establishment on Hanover St, which is far superior, and I just can't forget that when I'm in here.I do have a tendency to judge places to go dancing more harshly than other types of businesses. But a good quality dancing and drinking arena is very important, and pretty hard to come by sometimes. Something about the vibe of El Barrio doesn't quite sit with me. It's always busy, which is to be expected, seeing as it's a free entry club in the centre of town. The tunes are decent enough, the last time I was in on a Saturday they played a pretty good range of hits of a cheesey nature. They have a wee restaurant bit where you can get food until pretty late in the morning, and a substantial dance floor plus a few tables scattered about. Every time I'm in here I just feel a bit hesitant about getting properly stuck into the dance floor, as I'm just not rating the banter yet. Maybe these things take time, and considering my friends seem to be obsessed with coming here at the moment, I might just have to start feeling the love.
3	I have only ever been to the El Barrio bar on a week night and it was great fun. Sure their were some sleazy men with too much gel in their hair and far too much perfume wanting to sneak in a sexy salsa with you, but the energy is great and the music is fun. It's sort of a mix of Latin rhythms with Latin hip-hop and I feel grateful I don't speak Spanish to understand the extremely provocative lyrics. Great beat though.If it weren't for the fact that there were a lot of dancers out to have a good time then this place would feel quite run down and despite all the bright colours and fairy lights, in dire need of something- be it a makeover or perhaps a good mop. But I had a great night and I can't complain.
4	I much prefer El Barrio nightclub to the alternative El Barrio venue on Hanover Street, which is marketed as more of a bar and restaurant, but is open until 3am with the bonus of free entry, which has made it really attractive to punters for dancing purposes. Before the Hanover St El Barrio opened, this venue on Rose St was the main party area, but it's now only open at weekends, which is a shame because I really do think it's quite a cool little Latino hangout for banter purposes.You can still salsa your hips up here on a Friday and Saturday, to a range of brilliant Latin tunes intermixed with chart music. The last time I was in here I was in the throws of major post holiday blues, so I ordered some friends to meet me, got my hands on a sugary minty mojito, and got dancing to some tunes that reminded me of hijinx and holiday times. I love a good European or Latino dance tune, and the wooden barrels and holiday themed decor momentarily helped me pretend I was still in Barcelona, with days of sangria and tapas ahead of me. The rose-tinted haze of four mojitos also helped.
2	I'm a great fan of anything Latin and was really excited to check out this Cuban inspired club/restaurant on Rose Street. I was sadly disappointed, as the club was far from full and there were quite a few dodgy characters there whom I suspect might be regulars.The only thing I did like was the music, which was a mixture of hiphop, rnb, dancehall, latin and reggae! I do find it's really hard to get a DJ to play some Ricky Martin, but valiantly keep trying. They also claimed to serve food until around 3am, which seemed like a God send because I'm usually ravenous by this time. However, they disappointed me again saying the kitchen had closed! I pointed at their own sign in vain (and in desperation), but there'd be no food for me that night. Pity really.
3	OK, I'm not a big club guy. I get full of contempt for my fellow man. Misanthropy they call it. I hate getting accidentally grinded (note, ground seemed wrong somehow) by some amorous, sweaty guy mistaking me for a curvy, red-headed girl. And there are no men more horny that those listening to Latin music.That said, get a few drinks down me, and I love dancing. And Latin music is particularly satisfying to dance to. And I've had some great nights in here too. I just wish they didn't mix in vacuous non-music pop crap to fill in. There's no need for it. Just stick to what you know.I'd like to add at this point that, to my knowledge, I've never been mistaken for a curvy, red-headed girl. Just a weird fantasy I guess. One of the better clubs, when they do what they're good at.
3	Quite honestly I would never dream of eating here after having gotten to know the staff rather well over the last few years drinking in there.Have to say though, when with a large group of friends and in need of a few jager bombs there are fwe places I would rather be!Friendly staff, good tunes and an 'interesting' crowd make for a great night!
