2	Ok, so Eat24Hours gave this a lot of stars, but the food is just terrible.  Though the service was excellent!  I got cheesy garlic bread and a pepperoni pizza.  Would NOT order again.
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas! FAST room service! YUM X 10!
5	If your hungry this is the place to order from! Barbara is so nice at the pizza place and the food is great i don't know what the previous post was talking about.. I think I might have to make this a routine stop every time I'm in vegas! =)The website above is not correct.. www.topthispizzalv.com  enjoy everyone =)
5	Always awesome pizza, Try and stop on in every time I am in Las Vegas.
1	Terrible! I just had an order delivered from here and for the price it was horrible. I asked if it was grilled chicken on the salad and they told me It was but it was frozen. It was canned chicken with iceberg lettuce. It was not even Romaine for $6.99. I will not be ordering here again. I called and told them how I was disappointed and they could care less.
1	This was, by far, the worst experience I have ever had with ANY business.  The pizza delivered  outside the promised time frame was incorrect, and when Eat24 contacted the business, they refused to issue a refund, offering instead to give me the correct pizza when I ordered from them, again. It didn't seem reasonable to have to re-order another time to get the pizza I'd already ordered and paid for, so I said that was unacceptable, and stated that I would like either a refund or to have the correct pizza delivered.  The restaurant then stated that they no longer had a delivery driver working, which  was a bold-faced lie, as they advertise on this site that they are open for delivery until 2am; it was roughly 7:30pm. At that point, I stated to the Eat24 Rep that he could have the pizzas picked up and said that I wanted a refund for the entire order, because I was done - D-O-N-E, IN A VERY BIG WAY -  and I simply wanted to order from a reputable business who would deliver the correct items within the time frame promised. Lo and behold, suddenly the owner of the business, himself, was going to get the correct pizza to my front door!  Fine. Whatever. I don't give one tiny rat's... posterior. I just wanted my freaking pizza, for the love of all things good. D-O-N-E.  At this point, I had invested $50 and more than 2 hours of my life in simply trying to get the dinner I'd originally ordered. I clarified repeatedly with the staff of Eat24 whether this establishment would need the original, incorrect, pizza back, and was told in the chat that they would not, so finally, I allowed my poor, famished roommate, who had been waiting patiently throughout this entire process, to dive into the pizza.An hour later, I opened the door when finally the bell rang, and imagine my surprise when standing on my doorstep was the delivery driver who had supposedly been sent home! Me: "Correct me if I'm wrong, but you are not the owner?"Driver: "No, Ma'am. I would like to apologize for the problems you've had. I told them you seemed like decent folks and this, well, it stinks."Me: "Thank you, but again, to be clear, because they stated that the owner, himself, would be bringing the CORRECT pizza, you ARE NOT the owner?"Driver: (laughing very hard, perhaps at the absurd notion that the owner would... work, perhaps?  Appease a customer? Actually do what he says?) "No, Ma'am.  I am definitely NOT the owner."Me: "And you were not called back into work, have been working all evening?  You did not go home, as I was told?"Driver: (no longer laughing, now shaking his head and looking embarrassed, almost sad) "No, Ma'am."In the interest of not causing problems for the delivery driver, who was the ONLY redeeming factor for Top This Pizza in this entire experience, I will not relay the remainder of the conversation that followed.  I will say, however, that I hope this gentleman soon finds a far more reputable company for whom he can bust his buns, because it does not seem that Top This Pizza deserves him.Fast forward to 10pm, four full hours after this debacle began.  I had not touched the re-delivered pizza, because I truly expect that a business this unconcerned with making things right with a customer would take no issue with doing something disgusting to a pizza, and the thought of that has ruined my appetite.  I had been trying to reach Eat24 since the pizza was re-delivered to relay the final chapter of this saga, but of course, because Murphy's Law is in full effect this evening, their server had gone down. I know thismost definitely is NOT their fault, but it added to my frustration in ways I cannot even begin to articulate.  I also could not call, because I would need to pull their number off their site. As far as Eat24 goes, the only bad thing I can say about them is that it might be good if their phone number was on their receipts, so that if their server goes down again in the future, customers aren't left hanging.  When I finally spoke with a Rep, Eat24, being a reputable, customer-friendly business, offered to refund my money. I accepted, stil frustrated but relieved to have reached a resolution.  Unfortunately, this experience has left a bad enough taste in my mouth (no pun intended) that it will be a very, very long time before I entertain the idea of using this service, again.
1	My son & I ordered from here the other day; I asked if the marinara sauce was chunky. The man on the phone told me I do not know it is marinara sauce. Could he not go over, take a spoon & freaking look at it? He said, I can put our "pizza sauce" on your spaghetti...Um, no! I took the chance & it was not chunky but very bland! The ranch that came with the order of chicken fingers {which were pathetic measly pieces) my son ordered was in ghetto containers with tin foil for lids. What restaurant cannot afford lids? Top This Pizza will never be entering my house again!
1	Despite the response posted by the business 6+ months after this terrible experience, I stand by my original review. The original, incorrect pizza was NOT gone when the delivery driver returned, as the response stated; in fact, I reviewed the emails exchanged between myself and the Customer Care department at Eat24 following this experience, and verified through those messages that there was more than half of the original pizza available to be returned after my very hungry roommate ate, as he had been instructed to do. Most importantly, the only real reason to dignify this absurd, overdue response to my original review is to respond to the claim that I'm attempting to hurt their business. When the incorrect $50 order was received, I asked to return the complete, untouched order and receive a refund. I was lied to and manipulated as the business tried every trick in the book not to correct the situation, finally being delivered the correct pizza FOUR HOURS after the order had been placed. Stating that they had gone 14 miles round trip to correct the error seems to be moot, as 1.) any business with even a modicum of customer service skills would have corrected their error without question from the start, and 2.) at no time did the reply address the fact that whomever was operating their shop that night had lied outright to both myself (the customer) and Eat24 (the business by whom they were represented during this comedy of errors).Please note that Eat24 issued a full refund of the money spent on this order due to the fact that the Eat24 Customer Care Rep stated that all of his communication with this establishment had been exactly as I'd stated, as he was actually the person with whom the "owner" spoke that night. Eat24 also cited the fact that the business did not take reasonable steps to correct the issue when presented acceptable solutions. More than 6 months have passed; this situation should have been addressed at the time, when it was more than a "he said, she said" scenario. I proudly support local, especially family-owned, businesses, as I myself used to be part-owner of a small business that, after nearly 20 years in the family, was unable to compete with large corporations. I will not, however, blindly support a business that, when faced with a simple error, takes astronomical steps to avoid providing basic customer service and conflict resolution.
1	Would not reccomend this place at all. They advertise pizza by the slice but apparently don't have it ready. They open at 10 am but I went in at noon and asked for pizza and they said they just turned on the oven and it would be 15 minutes. I came back in 20 minutes and there was noone around. I waited 5 minutes and left. I came back at 1245 and asked again and was told it would be another 15 to 20 minutes. The only reason I kept trying was I was doing laundry next door. I woukdnt reccomed it at all.
5	love this promo
1	Cheeseburger pizza sounds great on paper but turned out to be nothing like as advertised...there is actually plasticky american cheese thrown on top, not mozzarella and cheddar. In addition, the bucket of fries was not a bucket...just a container filled with mooshy, greasy, cardbord things instead. To top it off, the cheesecake advertised as new york style is a chicago style cake that is pre packaged. Worst food ever....and all lies on the menu!
4	Delicious pizza and great specials all the time. UNLV students get a 10% discount also!
4	This place is pretty good! It might not look like much, but the employees are friendly, service has always been pretty quick, and the pizza is decent for the price. The place is across the street from the UNLV campus, the pizza is cheap, and so it's ideal for a student on a budget.
2	Pizza is not a complicated thing to make, and despite their best efforts, Top This Pizza seems to miss the mark. Ordered a 16" with pepperoni, mushrooms and peppers for delivery. When it got here I was amazed at how little cheese was on it, which sure to the lack of made the rest of the toppings dry out pretty badly, and since mushrooms start out pretty dry to begin with, not having a protective layer of cheese makes them almost inedible. The sauce was decent, so I give them credit on that part, but it wasn't applied fully to the edges of the pie which made some slices inconsistently crusty-er than others. I will probably not be ordering from this spot again, I don't feel that the quality of the food is justifiable with their pricing (my pizza with delivery charge came out to about $25) as I can get better quality pizza for 2/3rds the price almost anywhere.
1	I just picked up an order. I think the health department needs to be called. Just saw a huge roach crawling up the wall over the deep fryer. I didn't even know what to do. I'm afraid to eat what I bought.
5	Amazing pizza Good priceMe and my friends were hungry and made the order and they came by really fastWings maybe small but are packed with flavor
5	I love the insanity here, but I'm a bit biased. The food is always great and we try to try new things whenever possible.  Pizzas made any way you want them.  Tons of other options.
1	This has to be the most dirtiest place I ever seen! But I tried to look past that and enjoy a pizza while I was doing laundry...the sweaty woman behind the counter took forever to take our order kept telling me "I'll be right with u" but that took 10mins and she wasent even doing anything ..... Finally I ordered a simple cheese pizza she said it would take 10 mins so I waited 20 mins to make sure , when I walked back in to get my pizza they never even made it and asked me if I can wait 10 more mins!!!! I told them I'm out what a waste....so don't waste ur time there
1	Went here because it was the only pizza place near by open late. Price was average and the food had no flavor. 711's pizza tastes better and is a lot quicker which is pretty sad.
2	2 stars only because the pizza was good. WORST delivery driver EVER. He should be fired. Called me to ask where he was supposed to deliver and i was like what the heck i gave you guys the address and he said he has the address but he's not gonna drive around trying to find the hotel. Are you serious? He had the most unpleasant attitude and demeanor when he finally arrived. Oh and before that, someone calls me from the restaurant asking me for my credit card number. I was like,  uh i am not giving you that since i ordered through grubhub. The guy on the other line figured out he was calling the wrong person and apologized but i mean still...calling a cuatomer for their credit card number is just funny business. I'll pass on this place next time I'm in vegas.
2	I ordered for delivery an angus burger and chicken wings and fries. The fries were the only good thing. The meat for my burger tasted undercooked and old. I had ordered my chicken wings hot but I was given plain chicken wings. I'm never going to order from this place again.
1	Not good at all. Don't go here.
5	This was the second time we ordered pizza from this place, and it wont be the last! The pizza dough is super light and fluffy, the toppings were fresh. Open late, fast delivery, the pizza was delicious and we loved their coupons, we got a free 2 liter! Thanks!
1	Took an hour and 15 minutes to deliver.  Forgot a topping on my pizza.  Sauce is terrible, tastes old and cheap.  The whole pizza seems cheap to be honest.  Wings don't even have any sauce.  Mild is just a dry butter sauce here I guess?!?  Terrible, just tastes like a normal chicken wing.  Would never recommend or order again.
1	Pizza is not goodSauce taste staleRestaurant appears dirtyNo restroom available for the customers "go to Dotty's, they will let you use theirs"Disregards for sanitation
3	Convenient late hour delivery!
5	Great pizza! Open late and fast delivery! Great coupons, too! :-) ordering for the third time and its been consistent. The crust is not hard and just the right thickness. I havent tried anything but the pizza. But we really like it!
