2	As a former resident - I'm kind of surprised that no one else has reviewed this place for a variety of reasons...mostly negative reasons. The concept overall isn't bad. Evidently, like many complexes in Charlotte, these were supposed to be condos. There are a lot of amenities - a lap pool, a salt water pool, hot tub, common area with computers, wifi in the public areas, and a barbecue pit. Management was helpful, nice, and available. Amenities aside, over the 6 months that I lived here - my opinion drastically changed.It's a perfect place to hear everything your neighbors are doing above you. They jacked up the prices as apartment availability declined the quality of the apartments I find this surprising (hello there, laminate "wood" floor and rusting metal balcony railings). If you want to deal with partying, screaming college students and young professionals who still think they are partying, screaming college students - this is your place. Good luck getting space at one of the pools. Parking is a nightmare - people would let their friends into the parking deck (no assigned parking). Two friends of mine had their cars broken into...then again this is an "up and coming" section of Charlotte, so I'm not surprised. Bottom line: the term "luxury" apartments is used pretty loosely here. Maybe there's hope for this place, and at least it's close to the light rail...
1	I could not agree more with the other solo review of Spectrum South End. I can only add a few things. We have lived here for almost 2 years and have watched the speedy decline of what started off as a great place. When we "applied" to live here they were just finishing up the new wing of the building. We were allowed to pick what apartment we wanted. The application process with pretty thorough. They told us that they were just trying to make sure they were getting "professional" tenants that would not be a problem. We were both actually very grateful for this. Something has obviously changed in this screening process. Our original neighbors were adults who were courteous and quiet and have been replaced by twenty somethings who seem to live the lives of Lindsey Lohan. Positives:1.)Nice kitchen with granite counter tops and island2.)The salt water lap pool, not the "party" pool,  BUT the only time it doesn't look like a pool in Vegas is before 11am.3.) The front desk and maintenance staff are very nice and try the best they can. They have fixed any problems we have had and have been very sympathetic to any of our complaints.They ultimately seem to be handcuffed by a higher being. 4.) Location is great. Walking distance to The Common Market, Uptown, etc.5.) We have found $60 and $25 on the ground in the hallway and parking lot. Negatives:1.) I have had my car rummaged through (inside the gates) and my bike stolen.This morning there was a SUV with a bashed in window that had been broken into so  I now leave my car unlocked with no possessions inside. 2.) Parking....this coincides with number one. There is obviously not enough parking for the amount of tenants and all of the party monsters that live here buzz their buddy's through the gate. The result of this is having to park in the guest parking which WILL lead to your car being broken into. The entire parking area looks like Mumbai. There literally is either a PBR can or McDonald's  wrapper in every slot. The gate has been broke multiple times which once again allows all sorts of riff raff to come in at their leisure.3.) Security...We used to have it. They used to have a security guard who was pretty good at monitoring the above. He would make sure that car were not funneling through the gate and automobiles were not being looted like the LA riots. Now there is nothing? I guess management has not deemed all of the break ins and keggers important enough to monitor. 4.) NOISE!!! Wow, where do I begin. The hallways must have been designed by a prison architect. They are the most acoustic, door slam reverberating, echo chambers that have ever been designed.  Every door spring must be set to SLAM! If you are not on the top floor buy headphones. Seriously, I can recommend multiple brands. It sounds like elephants are line dancing every night. 5.) Dog Park. When we moved in we were not informed that our main view would be of a Nicole Ritchie look-a-like on her cell phone screaming "Come here Sascha" to her  Yorkie. It is the most ridiculous collection of college kids with unleashed dogs ruining what was gorgeous landscaping. I actually have come to enjoy the roar of the Light Rail because it at least mutes the phone conversation of some frat boy rehashing how wasted he got last night with his "brah".6.) Grill area? This area is pretty comical. They have two infrared grills that will not allow you to keep the lid closed for more than six minute or some obscure time. You can not preheat the grill long enough to cook anything. One grill is also always broken and they both usually have the left overs on the grates from  the inconsiderate douche before you. There is also a really nice outdoor 40" Flat-screen TV that has not  been connected or worked in a year and a half.I will quit now because my ears are getting red again. If you do not heed my warning but gain one thing from this and all other reviews of Spectrum South End let it be this: buy a hundred count of earplugs at Blackhawk Hardware on Park Road it will help.
1	The entrance is deceiving! The rest of the building looks like crap!!! If you're thinking about moving here: BEWARE. There's a lot of noise. They don't take care of the building, materials used in the units are cheap and it's like dogs gone wild throughout the "garden areas" with poop and piss EVERYWHERE!If you are in your early 20's or just out of college then this may be the perfect place for you! It's like an extended college dorm.Horrible place to live - especially for the money!
1	As a resident in Spectrum for almost two years, I saw speady decline in its service quality. When I moved in 2010, the management ladies were super nice, care and responsible.  This summer, when my roommate and I moved out, one month after they threw us a bill and asked to charge us $111 for cleaning the apartment. No actual receipts and approval. They just say our apartment is not clean and they need cleaning fee. My roommate and I are both very clean and responsible people. And we both moved out of Charlotte. The Spectrum management ladies are uncommicatable without providing us any clue but insisting us to pay. More ridiculous, they charged $19 water fee, because they said they used extra water to clean. I have to ask how much water has to be used for $19?! And there was really only one day between we moved out and the new resident moved in. They're just taking the last advantage to rob money.
3	Was not impressed, but ok place overall Choose wisely- this is a loud place with party people and dogs. You will not get a quiet place here. Our corner apartment was very dark, dungeon really. But it was spacious and upscale, just could not see it in the dark and bad lighting lol I had to turn light in the kitchen at all times, it was just so dark. We complained about the derailed upstairs neighbors with no results.... The management wanted us to pay $1650 to renew when our lease was $1350. Once we gave written move out notice- they came down to $1350 (And I negotiated before the notice). After the notice we found a $1300 condo few streets down, much better area, two bedroom, nice and quiet! Much happier now.
1	Worse than I could have imagined. This place is a nightmare! I live here now and feel it's my duty to warn others. The management is AWFUL! They don't do anything and don't give a shit about tenants. The neighbors are terrible. Dogs bark at all hours of the day and night and management does nothing. The halls are hot and filthy. The weekends turn into some weird jersey shore frat house combo. There are bugs and the building is disgusting. I have more allergy problems in the last year I've been here than I have my whole life. It's absolutely miserable. If I had the time and money id take them to court for breaching their lease duties because there have been a few. Do NOT move here!!!
1	There  is so many things wrong with this place that I would need to write a novel just to give you the gist of it. If you do move here make sure you watch out for the dog crap and get a good security system for your car. And don't waste your time complaining to the office because they would rather die than spent a penny on this place.
