5	I have used this company since 2005, when my former tax person totally jacked up my taxes and cost me to get audited and cost me 5k to the IRS. J.D. walked me through it and I paid back the dedustion the former tax person screwed up and JD made it all good. I have referred maybe 10 people to him and they have all had great experiences.  JD is the BOMB!!! I still use him to this day!! LOVE THIS COMPANY!!!
5	My husband & I have used JD's Tax Service for the last 2 years. We used them both for very complicated personal taxes & my business taxes.  We love Jimmy Epley and his staff.  They are the best and very knowledgeable, too.Highly recommended to anyone !
5	JD's tax has been helping me with my corporate and personal taxes for at least 4 years. Every year I pay less than I thought. I love the personal attention and the expert advise.Every year they send me a letter to let me know what important information to gather and call to set an appointment. They always call the day before to verify my appointment and are very friendly if i have to reschedule.If I am unable to make it by the deadline they send out an extension for me without me having to ask.I highly recommend JD's tax!!
5	Complete competence and care when it comes to taxes, business services and investments. I have known Jim Epley for over a decade and he is a true professional that goes out of his way to ensure that every little detail is taken care of.
5	I came into JD Taxes looking for a quote on my taxes. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I was surprised of the wide array of other financial services they also had to offer. Staff is very professional and informative. I saw that my tax situation  ended up being something I could handle myself but Juanita was helpful in telling me how much for an expected return amount.  I would highly recommend them for future services. Perry
5	Very impressed with my visit yesterday: worked with Katherine Krouse after making an appointment online with their website. I was in and out in a little over half an hour with all of my 2013 taxes completely resolved.Katherine was friendly and efficient, and had no problem filing my taxes for Texas and California- though there is a separate $100 fee to file CA taxes. Katherine was able to take care of my moving and employment deductions, as well as answer all of my questions. Completed everything needed for my taxes in record time, and even filled out a page to get my refund directly deposited to my bank.Pricing was reasonable, considering everything I needed to take into account.I was advised that next year's taxes would be $120 to file, provided i only had employment in NV.Another cool thing is that they confirm and remind you of your appointment by both email and text- considering I can't access my personal email at work, this was a pretty nice thing, for me.As an added bonus, there are LRH books in the waiting room and The Way to Happiness is posted in the office as well.
5	Amazing! Judith A Moore helped me tremendously today. I used to volunteer at a tax clinic, but never worked a Schedule C & 1040SE. Originally I only came in because, although I thought I had my packet complete, my tax return seemed a little high. Right away she caught that I missed my EIC... a mistake that accounted for just over half of my return amount. High praise and many thanks.
