4	Above average breakfast.  Wide selection of breakfast breads.  Good oatmeal.  Buckwheat pancakes.  That about sums it up.  I much prefer it to the very popular US Egg franchise that is always packed.  This place is a little more low key with higher quality fare and better atmosphere.
4	I've never made it here for breakfast, but I have had their sandwiches, and they are fantastic. The restaurant itself is divided into two pieces: the bakery on one and the deli/kitchen on the other. I haven't been able to try out any of the sweets yet but they look pretty good, and if the rest of the food is any indicator they probably are. I dropped in for a fast lunch and got a honey ham sandwich the other day and it was delicious. It was almost the sensation I had with Matt's Big Breakfast that "how good can a ham sandwich be?" but then they surprise you utterly and pleasantly. The principal difference between here and a place like Matt's is bang for your buck. The food is very good at Country Glazed Ham but you don't feel like you're getting away with a steal like at some of the hole in the wall gems around. It is cozy and accommodating and never hard to find a good seat. The staff is also consistently friendly and helpful.
5	I miss this place.  I used to frequent it for lunch when I worked in the area.It gets incredibly busy, but it's worth it.  Sandwiches- yum, pasta-yum, salads-yum, cookies-yum, ice tea-yum... ok you get it.
4	If you sneak into the bakery before or after the lunch rush you can snag a cinnamon roll. These are the best cinnamon rolls I've found in Phoenix. They aren't subtle. There is often enough frosting (not the creamy kind) to put you in a sugar coma. The staff are polite and quick.Don't forget to tip!
4	They have this almond chicken sandwich with pesto that is delish! I usually get it on whole wheat bread with dofino cheese. It absolutely falls apart so be ready to finish it with your knife and fork. The bakery is packed with tasty looking treats but I have yet to succumb to that tempation ... it will happen eventually, though.
3	I can't believe I have forgetten about this place, as I have not been here in awhile. This is an A-OK lunch place and take home baked goods place, even though I have never taken home any "baked goods." They look very tempting though.... If you love the Stetson chopped salad from cowboy ciao, then you will like their Salmon River salad which is basically the same thing minus the tomato's and black currants. It was pretty comparable- the salmon was a little different like a cooked smoked salmon but still was pretty mouth watering. I think its the buttermilk dressing that does it. They always have good soup as well......not always a vegetarian one though. But given the name I guess this isn't really the place for vegetarians. I am not sure but do they even sell ham here??
5	I LOVE this place. I have been craving their Baked Spaghetti Pie again for 5 years and I finally got it today since I'm back for a business trip! I remember pretty much everything on their menu is fresh and delicious. Their prices are great too! Very polite staff.
4	A co-worker introduced me to this place and I love it. The bread is awesome. I always get the chicken sandwich with roasted red pepper. The pesto dressing is fantastic.All the food looks great. I haven't heard a complaint from anyone I know. And don't forget to stop by the bakery on your way out.
5	This was my favorite lunch place. I cannot believe it closed...:(It was always busy too!
5	I was heartbroken when I pulled in and found they were closed. They were always busy. I went out of my way for their Chopped Salad. I haven't found it anywhere else and some days nothing else would do. I was hoping to find them in another location, but alas, that isn't the case.Serenek9@msn.com
