5	Had a wonderful massage today with Sarah Catherine. I would highly recommend her!My mom gave me a Groupon for a 1 hour massage for my birthday and I used it today. Booking was super easy and you can do it through their website. The building doesn't scream amazingness from the outside but it is nicely decorated on the inside.My massage was great and relaxing and although it is quite a trek from my house, I will be returning. If you are a Groupon customer, you get to come back for another massage for $25 if it is booked within 2 weeks and $35 if you book it within 4 weeks. Pretty snazzy deal if you ask me!Oh, and their website has a new url:  http://www.massage-therapy-spa.com/
4	Just had an 1.5 with Julie.  She was very attentive and amazing!  My sinuses got really stuffed so she put a little eucalyptus oil on my chest and gave me a tissue filled with it for the road.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it was a little too cold in there.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great massage and at reasonable price!
3	Simple cure will give you a decent massage for a very economical price.  Their normal price for 1 hour Swedish or deep tissue is $50, and they have a loyalty card which allows you to come in within 2 weeks for a $25 1 hour massage, or $35 if you book within 4 weeks.  I've been here twice, with two different massage therapists.  Both were OK.  It wasn't the best massage I've had, but it wasn't the worst.  They also have easy online booking (although to cancel or reschedule you have to call).
5	Had a groupon and received a lava stone massage from Kenta.  He did a spectacular job and I was VERY relaxed during the process.  I cannot wait to go back again to try out other types of massages they offere at Simple Cure.  Nice facility and great environment.
3	Shay did a good job on my pre natel massage. I didn't realize this at the time but she put a lot of lotion on me that I had to take two showers to take it off and I still feel like I have it on.
5	I have gone to Simple Cure 6 times.  Julie is by far my favorite, but Kenta is really good too.  Their office is nice, clean, and relaxing.  I love my 90 minute massages!!!!  They are always on time and always ask if I have any areas of concern.  I have done swedish, deep tissue, and hot stone.  If their location was closer for me I would definitely go more often.  Booking is easy as it is online and they often run special deals.
4	I've been meaning to write a review for SCMT for sometime. Having suffered a sciatic injury earlier this year, I scheduled a sports therapy massage with 'Shay. Although I did have some issues with the sanitation (the face cradle smelled foul), I was pretty happy with the massage itself. 'Shay did an awesome job with the pressure and eucalyptus  add-on. I have very dry skin and I left feeling rejuvenated and relieved of the pain/tension in my back.My only issue was that she charged an automatic gratuity as soon as I gave her my card, but was quick update the amount when I asked her to. (But that was an awkward 5 mins or so).I'd definitely go back! :)
5	Had a massage here and it was sooo good. Cute little place, smells good, good vibe. Julie was amazing, knew all the right spots to hit. Only problem, I think it should be illegal to drive that relaxed ;-)Will definitely be back!
5	This place place is the best!! My usual therapist is Shaya who gets ALL of the knots out!! She remembers your needs and your likes/dislikes and then looks/feels you over to see what you need each appointment. Had another therapist work on  me there once when Shaya was sick and would rate her a four.
4	I started going here from a social voucher and came with a membership card which nets me a discount every time I book.  The place is a little hard to find because of it being in a narrow, two-story house on the corner without any signage to really draw you in.  Even at the regular price this place is worth it, the girls are well-trained and will make every tight muscle loosen and pain melt away.
4	I have been going here for about a a year and a half now and I love this place. I bought a groupon originally and have been going back with my membership card, best groupon I ever bought. I usually see 'Shay and she is amazing. She applies the right amount of pressure and I love the oils and scents she uses. All of the therapists I have seen have been great. Everyone is always really friendly, they do a great job of creating a relaxing environment. The only slight drawback I have seen is sometimes my 1 hour massage will run a little short. I have been there a few times when the therapist was running a little behind and my appointment started late, which is fine, but it still ended on the hour. I will also say they have a very easy and convenient online booking system.
5	I just happened on this place via Yelp. I had just gone on a run (that was faster than I should have done) the day before and had a triathlon the next day. Waking up sore and tight, I needed an last minute sports massage and having called around to about 5 places, seemed out of luck. Fortunately, when I called Simple Cure, they had had a last minute cancellation so I got in.I guess it was meant to be. Shay gave me the best sports massage I've ever gotten. I told her my IT bands were tight, I had some soreness in my back and deltoids. She did an amazing job and loosened everything up. Shay comes from a long line of female boxers, so she herself has a personal understanding of what athletes need.I immediately bought a membership (which gives you a hefty discount on massages for the year). The location isn't convenient for me, but I won't go anywhere else for a sports massage again.The price is, by the way, very competitive. Even without the member discount, a one hour specialty massage would be $65. So, quality and value makes me give them 5 stars.
1	The massage was GREAT! Kristen was awesome. If that is the case, why did I only give them 1 star. The main reason is the the way that I was treated from the different ladies at the front desk,it was not welcoming or friendly at all. I emailed in my intake form, so that I did not have take any time while there to fill it out. When I got there, the person at the front desk told me that I did not email that in, and was quite rude about insisting that I did not. Once they finally found it, I was handed another form to fill out. The first person had stepped away and someone else was at the front desk.  I walked up and asked about the add ons they offer, Foot Scrub etc. She did not want to be bothered.I was hoping to love this place . The only reason I even stayed was I had a sore neck and shoulder. The experience at the front desk, really took away from the great massage that I received from Kristen.
5	I started here with a Groupon and stayed for the past 2 years. Samantha has been taking care of me for the past 6 months and she is the best, finds all the spots and works hard to smooth them out. The atmosphere is very pleasant and all of the staff if very friendly from start to finish!I have tried many of the other therapists and though there was different approaches and styles all of them made you feel comfortable and as if you was the most important person of the day. They did not treat you like "I'm getting started and let me go thru a routine that I do".....always individual treatment. Yes some I wouldn't go to unless I have to, but that is only because of my personal likes and dislikes, not because of the treatment or the staff therapist.
4	This is a Yelp favorite so I purchased the Groupon for a facial and it was worth every cent.  I made my 60 min facial appointment and my aesthetician Melanie was fabulous.  Not only was it the whole 60 minutes...not 50 minutes all 60 which was I was really surprised.  It was very relaxing and she talked about each treatment along with scalp and hand massages.  I really enjoyed the whole experience everyone there was very friendly.  I plan to get more facials here with Melanie.
5	My husband and I are both members and have been going there for a few months. We schedule once a month with Megan and Casey and they are fantastic! They are very accommodating and make sure that our massage is done right every time! While the location is a bit of ways for us, we have been very pleased with all of the services that Simple Cure has to offer. The membership has great deals and you also get rewards towards a free massage. The appointment can be done online which is one of the things I like best! They are always trying to improve their offers and services and they recently launched a phone app that makes it even easier to make an appointment. I am totally pleased with the services we have received, the easiness to schedule an appointment and of course we are thankful for Casey and Megan and the great work they do! :)
