5	If you have used these products, you know the impeccable quality.My purpose in writing this review is to praise the employees of this particular store.  Friendly, funny, and helpful, it was an excellent shopping experience!(and I now smell heavenly)
5	I now realize the stark differences between a L'Occitane Outlet and a L'Occitane Flagship "A" Store:  The differences are blatantly clear; the style and manner giving excellent customer service and support truly earmarks why the Fashion Show Mall is L'Occitane's Flagship Store.I received so many different samples here; I am well-pleased with the customer service and I was able using my L'Occitane coupons I received in the mail.  Kudos to the sales reps at this L'Occitane Flagship Store!
5	It's like a french version of Crabtree and Evelyn. The store was downright sophisticated, all the items were organized well enough that anyone coming in would get a chance to check every single product out. I came here upon my galpal's recommendation to try the shea butter hand lotion. Upon my inquiry, the saleslady was friendly enough to offer me a sample and led me to displays of other scented hand lotions among which were lavender, rose and cherry blossom. You could pick the 1oz tube for $10. It may sound a bit pricey but I promise you, it is worth it! Your hands will feel impeccably smooth and considering how dry it is here in Vegas, there's no harm giving this a try! You don't need to use a whole lot of it to get the smooth effect anyway so this product would be a better investment contrary to drugstore brands which dry off before you know it. While checking out their hand lotions, make sure to wander off to the perfume areas too where you could enjoy spraying yourself using an old vintage puffer which I find super chic.
5	I went to this store on my way in for my Vegas weekend. I had realized I was almost out of Verviene perfume the night before, when I was packing. I was excited to find a store right there. I saw great reviews on Yelp and it definitely lived up to the expectation. I was helped by Amber, who was very helpful and super friendly. It was a great experience and I recommend the store highly.
