5	Wow what a place to be at.. Service was outstanding, very safe and a fun place for kids while parents can relish the delicious meal.. All the slides, ropes, paintings so beautiful and artistically done.. 200% I recommend this place for family parties, get together, for kids... Good job.. Loved it..
5	Recently refurbished and under new management!  Took my 4 and 9 year old boys early this morning to get some exercise while beating this monsoon heat and humidity...they had a blast and came home worn out, just as I'd hoped.Never visited the original place that was originally designed by Disney Imagineers, so I cannot really compare....but this place blows away any Chuck E. Cheese or similar venues.  Though under new ownership Makutu's still has somewhat of a Disney feel to it.  It's very well designed and cleverly decorated inside.  In addition to the climbing trees that lead to what seems like endless tubes for kids to explore, the zip line and the banana slide were the kids favorite.  Makutu's has a decent sized cafeteria, clean and bright.  There is a video arcade with ticket dispensing games and prizes to be earned by winning tickets.Kids and their parents are identified with a wrist band upon entering, and cannot leave the facility without being checked out by the front desk staff...who, by the way, were as friendly and upbeat as all the staff members I observed here.Makutu's is open for kids parties and has a separate area to accommodate this.  Apparently there are free kids yoga classes in the afternoon, and I saw a sign on their theater area that indicates that there may be music, dance and drama activities going on at some point, as well.Overall, I would highly recommend Makutu's Island, especially for children under 10 or 11.  It's a great place for the kids to run around and burn some energy without getting heat stroke...for parents, there are plenty of places to sit and relax while the kids play.
3	While I love this place for the kids, please! Refurbished? They didn't even clean the carpets! They have new staff. I liked the old ones and these kids are great too. Although I saw absolutely no adult staff around. I always feel safe with the kids here so I give them 3 stars just for being here but paying extra for the bungee jump really pisses me off. Especially since you can only jump up and down and can't do any flips or anything. We waited over an hour to get on. Never again. The kids looked bored as hell on there. The little ones liked it only cause the operator would help them go high. Thanks to them! The cafeteria has a few different items. Waited over 20 min for a salad but I get it, they are all new. But again, no adult supervision has been seen. It's like the kids run the place. I swear I was in "lord of the flies" and that ginger kid in the game room is the leader. Again, it's still the same old island, just wish they would have cleaned the place. But we will go back. They have a blast.
4	Huge place with tons of stuff for kids to climb, slide and crawl on! I didn't know about this place until recently, so I didn't know anything about the old version. That said, what I did see was pretty great. It was much bigger than I expected, with climbing areas going all the way to the ceiling, which was like 3 floors high. There was a Shrek movie playing in a little room where my daughter hung out to kind of recharge for 15min or so, and the cafe area looked bright and clean and the food prices were very fair. Which was surprising. We didn't eat there, but it looked promising. I will say, the main play area was a bit too dark. I went into the cafe once just to get a dose of decent lighting because the dark was getting to be a bit much. There's an extra charge for the trampoline jump thing, but we didn't do that. Too much else to do. My daughter is 2.5yrs old and a pretty good climber. However, we probably won't be back for another half a year until she's three simply because her skills aren't up to doing everything yet (though she tried!) and there are huge sections I couldn't see her in. My husband ended up following her through the last half of our visit just so we knew where she was (most areas are connected). I'd recommend ages 3+ for real play. There's a toddler corner, but big kids (6-10?) kept coming in and throwing the foam blocks and walls around and blocking off the slides. Maybe there should be a staff member assigned to that area?4 stars because I was impressed by the cafe area, and while my daughter loved it at 2.5 I think she'll REALLY enjoy it at 3 and up. One more thing. The website mentions socks being required. I wish someone would enforce this. My daughter's socked foot got squashed by someone's shoed foot a few times, and once in the face, and bare feet are kind of ick in this environment (lots of bare feet).
3	I took my nearly 3 year old grandson there today for the first time.  It was pretty warm inside.  Cooler temps would have been greatly appreciated, as it is a very physical play place.  I even overheard small children complaining about being hot and sweaty!  I think this place is perfect for children between the ages of 4 and 7.  My grandson required me following along behind him into dark (and I mean DARK) small tunnels, that were very claustrophobic~I am not a large woman (5'6", 125lbs) and I was not happy in the small spaces!  My grandson would not have been able to climb up the rope ladders (and they REALLY hurt your feet!) or the very steep metal ladders.  He could have slipped right thru the bars, especially given that the children must wear socks! The there are not enough staff tending to the structures.  The big kids come shooting out of the end of the slides, and the little ones are nearly bowled over.  I don't think children should be left to run amok without someone monitoring their safety.  The Toddler zone...for kids 3 and under is pretty lame.  A bunch of soft pads, some squares and a few pieces to build a small house with, a balance beam and two really tiny slides.  My grandson seemed to love that area though which is why I gave this place 3 stars.  Another complaint about the area is that later in the day the area was overrun with older children and no staff to tell them it was for the smaller kids.  I don't know if I'll be back....except that my grandson through a fit when we were leaving because he didn't want to go!  I may wait a year though.
4	Okay so I was told they refurbished the place and I was glad to hear it reopened.  My son loves playing here.  So this review is going to be based off what I remember from before to what Makutu's island is now.  Basically it looks like they repaired some of the indoor playground equipment that needed to be fixed.  They replaced all the ripped and worn down padding.  Also looks like they have painted some of the walls and statues.  They have added a bungee/trampoline thing that is paid for separately.  My son had no interest in it, as they won't let the kids do anything but jump straight up and down.Prior to them closing a while back the video games were either out of order or removed from the facility all together.  Well looks like some of the same games they had are back and all working. However they are missing 60% of the games they had.The cafeteria is basically the same, minus some choices for food and they have added a bit too.  My son can't eat anything with gluten in it, so he is basically stuck eating french fries.   That's fine, can always eat a real meal after he plays when we leave.  On a bad note, had to wait 35 minutes for the french fries.  That's a really long time for just fries regardless of what else they have to make.Overall, I'm just glad they have reopened, since my son loves to play here.  Is it technically better or improved?  I would just say they have repaired and restored it to when it first opened.  Hopefully they will keep up the maintenance and not let the facility get run down again.
2	Went here with my 2yo.  I was told there is a toddler area so seemed worth checking out.  Well, the toddler area is some soft blocks off in a corner and a couple small slides.  My son had fun there for all of about 10 minutes.  He wanted to explore all the other areas but they are really for 5 year olds and up.  I had to go with him to climb any of the tree structure and it was overrun with older kids, so not that much fun.  Overall we were able to entertain him indoors for an hour so 2 stars for that.  However, I really think there should be price levels for different ages.  Had to pay the full $10 for him (plus $5 for an additional adult), when he can't do nearly as much as the older kids.  Won't be back unless they change the price structure or make the toddler area much more interesting.  Also as another reviewer mentioned, they don't really do a great job of keeping the older kids out of the toddler area.  Several times older kids around 5 or 6 came tuning over almost barreling over some of the toddlers.
4	Fun for the kids.Needs more comfortable seating options for the parents of older children that are sitting for hours with their friends.The cafe has limited decent options.  Some good prices and some crazy prices - 16.99 for 18 chicken wings.  Staff not knowing the brand of macaroni & cheese served?  The lost their last star for the cafe food service.
3	Very awesome, and fun place for the family. Very we'll designed, and it doesn't smell like feet like a lot of these places. The reason I gave it 3 stars is because, I went with my friend and I had her take out my kid to see if they would look at the matching numbers, but they didn't even bother to check. So that means anyone can walk out with your kid, not cool.
4	Lot's of good stuff to keep the kiddos going for a couple hours.
4	Really cute place for a kids birthday party or just to go play.  I had a birthday party here for my daughter many years ago and just attended my nephews party as well.  The place seems to be well kept and the staff is attentive.  It seems pretty clean but it is also very dark in there so who knows what lurks when the lights are on.  Overall, a good place to take the little ones for playtime or birthday.  They will enjoy it.
3	Went here a couple days ago with my kids. It was pretty busy in the play area. You have to sign a waiver now, before you can even enter. They have pretty good pizza. I asked for water cups because I don't like myself or my kids to drink sugar drinks. They said they don't give any out. You have to use the drinking fountain in the play area or buy water/drink cups.... Pretty crazy!! I have never heard of that especially in AZ. You can't bring your own in either.My kids had fun though so I was happy with that.
1	We took our daughter's ( 1 and 8) here on Sunday 9/21. The area near the aquarium reaked of urine and so did a few other places within the tubes and such. I personally think they need to sanitize better. I washed my hands 4 times while I was there and today I feel terribly sick. Now, I'm no doctor and am not 100% sure it's the island to blame for my illness however it makes sense with how nasty places like this can be. I hate to have a negative rant but oh well. The kids love it tho and that's all that matters.
2	I took my 2 year old and 8 year old there. Great for children over 5, but for little ones. They don't have a good selection for 3 years and under, especially for $10. I rather have went to McDonalds.
5	Fun times! I think I was more tired then the kids. Clean, safe, entertaining atmosphere. Surprisingly good pizza as well!
5	Loved the new Makutu's Island took my cousins daughters a month ago and just celebrated my husbands cousins 5th birthday, Emma our birthday coordinator was so attentive she asked the birthday girl what type of pizza she wanted and what part of the cake she wanted making her feel like a princess. She kept us on schedule in under an hour. The kids loved it. My nephew said that the renovated place is better than the old Makutus.My cousins daughters came down from Tucson and had a blast. The slides are fast and the kids had a ball. We played basketball, Deal or No Deal and Dance Off in the arcade. Ate pizza and enjoyed slushies and frozen yogurt. Lots of fun! There was even a section for my cousins two year old.
3	Fun place for older kids. 9 and up. I didn't feel comfortable having my 3 years old there.
5	We didn't go for the food, so I can't speak on that. Like every pizza place for kids, the prices seemed steep anyway. We went for the enormous and epic jungle playplace for the kids to spend a few hours. They loved it, and I thought it was nothing short of amazing. The slides, the zipline, the tunnels and bridges. This place makes Chuck E. Cheese seem like a Happy Meal toy next to a brand new bicycle. It's like the Rainforest Cafe amplified (though it doesn't have animatronic robot animals, which would be a nice touch). I highly recommend taking your kids here to burn off some energy and maybe go down a few of the slides yourself.
5	Our grandkids LOVED Makutu's Island.  Fun, food, and entertainment is GREAT for the kids.  Lots of options for kids to play.  Great place if you are looking for a safe environment.  Best of all is the kids were exhausted when they left!
5	Super fun!!! Great service, clean and a blast for kids!!!  The restaurant is fantastic too.
4	This is a great option, specially when my husband brings the kids and I have an afternoon to myself, hahaha.  The kids get to climb around and play for hours.  Even after three hours, they didn't want to leave.  They have new ownership and it seems that they have done some improvement.  I really like the way they make sure everyone in the party has an armband, so no one can leave with your kid.  Too bad it is 30 miles away from home, otherwise I would be sending the hubby there more often.
1	The new owners are at best GREEDY! They had an event advertised for New Years eve and were selling tickets for $40 (adults) and $25 (kids), when I talked to one of them. He gave me all the details of the event along with the pricing. As soon as I went to book, I saw the only prices mentioned were $50.On calling Kiran (owner) said, we never talked about the prices. On asking him to be truthful, he agreed and said that he will get back to me after discussing with another partner? Really when the partner already told me that he was the one responsible for the pricing. This is totally unprofessional and unacceptable behavior. If they were not sure of the pricing, they should have waited till the next event at least.
5	Love this place just as much as my two year old does. If you have little ones that aren't old enough to explore by themselves, wear comfortable workout clothes so you can comfortably maneuver throughout the play area with them.  You'll get sweaty and have sore knees lol but its totally worth it!
