5	This is my favorite LBS (local bike shop). I shop here for everything. Me and Domenic's go way back. They've always given me great service and I really like everybody who works there. They're very, very polite and carry a great selection of parts. The best example I can give of how cool they've been with me was when I was buying my Surly Cross Check. I could have just ordered a stock complete and been fine but that's just not me. I had to hand pick every part so that it'd be exactly what I want. More than willing to accomodate, Jason (literally the world's nicest guy), stayed 30 minutes after he closed to go through the whole build with me and order all the parts. Anyway, Domenic's is great. I just wish they still had that Mill Ave. location open.
5	These guys are fantastic!  Their bicycle handywork is quality and speedy!  I like how I can bring my bike in to be fixed, and get it back the same day!  Their service is amazing too... the guys always offer to put my bike back in the truck!  WOW!!!  Very knowledgeable... you can tell everyone here is passionate about bikes!   Also... the boyzz be HOT!
5	Took a Cannonade to be repaired at this shop. They fixed it quickly and in a manner that was better than expected and at a great price.Selection of American-made bikes is nice.Accessories are expensive and no great deals on anything besides bikes. Some accessories I asked for were not available but it wasn't why I was there.The neighborhood is pretty scary and I even saw a crackhead hooker that stank and who was asking about a bike that someone stole from her. Very entertaining.
5	Domenic's has been my LBS (Local Bike Shop) almost since I started bike commuting three years ago.    very convenient as it is on my way to and from work.  Service is great, fine selection of bikes, and they don't sneer at you for wanting a basket or rack.  they are good to commuters and regular riders.   I have brought my bike in and had them work on it right then!  I bought my old Univega from them used after wrecking my first goodwill commuter, and it's still going strong.  Sometimes they have great deals on used bikes to sell.  Great place, friendly, no attitude and great service, what more could you ask for?  next time I get a pile 'o' cash Ima buy a NEW bike from them.
4	This is the best bike store I've been to yet in the Tempe area.  I've only been here for cheap parts, but they've got a wide selection of bikes and parts.  The staff are nice and helpful.
1	If you like Elitism, and rude sales people, and inflated prices this is the right place to go.....Very good selections which sucks because I won't be buying a single thing here after my experience today.After dropping off my Carbon Wheel to get a new tire fitted, and to be checked I bought a rear brake setup for my Volume, they had a few less expensive ones which seemed perfect for my commuter bike.After getting home I discovered non of the pieces fit, took proper measurements and came back to exchange for the correct pieces.  What I got instead was major attitude from several of the employees, and they stated that my bike was probably not made right and a cheap piece and that all brakes were universal......what they got was me canceling my tire, and refunding my money for the brake.I drove right up the road to Tempe bicycle (whom I loathe but also have a lot in stock) who were miraculously able to have the very pieces I was looking for to get my brake setup, for much less....Seriously this place blows donkeys and I won't be  back here ever....it sucks because their repair staff seemed nice an knowledgable.Theres better places in town try Kore, REI, or Sport Chalet....or even online, Usually when you have inflated prices the way these guys do the customer service makes up for it.....in this case it does not.On a side note I am still fighting with them to get the $200 I spent there and immediatley returned it because I found the same product for $50 right down the road at Tempe Bike..... So far they have given me several excuses as to why they haven't been able to return my money as well as given me a bogus authorization number.....shady business practices from this company buyer beware.
1	Just took my bike here to get a new pedal put on...  I walked in and the guy in the repair shop barely looked up to acknowledge me,  after i sad hello,  he said "what do you want" in a very rough and abrasive manner.  I said i needed to get a new pedal put on my bike,  and was wondering if you could help me out.  He then said "bring your damn bike in here" in just as rude of a tone as his greeting;....  I said "no thanks,  not if you are going to be rude" and then walked out....  Avoid this place!  I can only imagine what the rest of the service would be like,  if you cant even get a proper greeting!
1	Overpriced bikes and bad service. Shop elsewhere!
5	Domenic's has the best service you could ask for.  Their staff is knowledgeable and friendly, and are there to help and not rip you off.  The best service I have received in the area by far.
5	I went to about 10 other bike stores in the valley to find a new bike and Domenic's was by far the best. I was a little worried by some of the older reviews, but they must have new staff or I hit them at the right time. I wasn't trying to buy some uber fancy racing bike.  I just wanted a standard cool looking bike to head down the street and get coffee or lunch.  The staff here are very friendly and very helpful. Since I wasn't really sure what I wanted they let me look and showed me all sorts of different options.  In comparison to all the other shops who either didn't care I was in the store, were chatting with other people who were't even buying bikes, or just acting like I was bothering them, this was night and day different here. I test drove a few bikes, got some great advice and zoomed out with what I think is a very cool bike at a very fair price.  It's a bit of a drive from my house, but I like to reward good customer service.
5	I haven't ridden a bicycle since the 1980's. Seriously- so I wandered in here today accidentally after I missed the driveway for the florist next door. The man who greeted me was very polite. He had another customer or two before me but apologized for the wait and took me on a mini-tour of the store and explained the different kinds of bicycles and their various uses, pluses and minuses. He was very helpful and I decided before I left that I might save up and buy a bicycle there. Great local store- very friendly staff and I MIGHT start riding again after all these years.
4	The staff here is helpful and very knowledgable.  I have never had a bad experience with them.  It's a great place to get started if you are a novice cyclist.
5	I started coming to Domenic's out of convenience because it's right down the street, but have grown loyal to them after they've treated me so well. They have always been friendly, knowledgable, and very helpful to someone who doesn't know much about bikes. I don't!Here are two of my experiences with Domenic's that will make you want to give them your service:1) Shortly after I bought a road bike on Craigslist (with cool-dude tan & black tires), the tires needed to be replaced. I asked the genteleman who helped me to order replacement tan & black tires because they didn't have that color in stock.  The next day, an employee called me to let me know they had cheaper tires in stock that were just as good, albeit all black, that would save me some money. Though the guy I ordered the tires from already told me that, they thought that I had mistakenly ordered tires that were more expensive than I needed, and they wanted to make sure I got the best deal. It impressed me that a business would  go out of their way to make sure I saved money, when most businesses would have thought I was a sucker for a sales pitch and banked the bigger sale. I ended up getting the cheaper tires because they convinced me that the cool-dude tires weren't going to make my bike any better (it's true).2) I bought a bike at an auction for dirt cheap...and when I went to pick it up...it looked dirt cheap, too.  I brought it in, thinking they were going to suggest a million things I should pay to get fixed, prepping my bank account for quite a hit. I walked in and asked, "What's the minimum I need to get this bike rideable?"...I ended up paying just 22 bucks for minor repairs! They even talked me out of some repairs I asked if I needed, saying that the bike would run just fine without 'em. Again...shocked that there is a business out there that is this honest and helpful. The Shane company can keep their slogan, cause this place IS like having a friend in the business.
5	Great shop. Immediately recognized that another Tempe bike shop had installed wrong size tire, and explained the problem well, then replaced it perfectly. Nice people. Highly recommended.
5	A great bunch at this shop! Great quality parts, and excellent service. a very convenient location too.I highly recommend this shop.
5	I have been here 3 times so far. I just got into bicycling a few months back, and although I am learning as much as I can about things, I am still only a beginner.Recently I blew my rear tube, and unfortunately also broke a spoke with it. Although patching the tube was an easy fix (I did buy a spare as well), the spoke was a pain because it was on the rear wheel, and on the side of the freewheel.I went in first to get the spokes before I knew that removing the cassette was a task on its own. Then I went in to get the cassette tool. Then when I couldn't get it off, I went there to ask them if they could help me get it off. (I don't have a bench vice at home.)Extremely friendly, and they never asked me if I knew enough to take care of things the way presumptuous people would. And each time they helped me out without any expectations.I need to buy a new bike soon, and will most likely get it from here.Awesome guys!!
5	I ride my bike a ton, its my vehicle. I took my bike in for their silver tune up package. I also mentioned my brakes needed help badly. They recommended replacing the brake pads since they were so worn down. The add-on price of replacing those pieces was less than I expected. After my bike was done with everything it rides so well. I am very happy with how things turned out. My bike is happy.
5	I can't remember if he was the owner or one of the staff members but Jeff picked me up when I was stranded with a flat on the side of the road.  I didn't even know him and he and Kristin pulled over and helped me out.  He also noticed my spring was on backwards and brought that to my attention.  Thanks Jeff!  I'll definitely be in to to Domenic's for my bike needs.
5	There the most friendliest and most helpful bike shop. They have accessories most bike shop dont have. They have chrome bags! Bikes are pricey but there high quality. The guy who runs the register is the nicest. The older lady is nice too. They will recognize if you go back. I really recommend them for accessories and for cheapest fixies.
5	Domenic's came thru for me when I needed a cardboard box for my sons bike so I could ship his bike. They called me when they had one. How cool is thatLarry
5	I brought a commuter bike that needed a tune up and had a problem with the rear tire.  Elliot took my bike in right away and inspected it in front of me.  He explained problems he saw and what my options were for repair.  He didnt try to upsell me on costly replacement parts I didnt need and helped figure out how to service and repair it within my budget. My bike was ready later the same day and he did great work.  Its not the closest bike shop but I'll travel the extra distance when I need service later on.
5	I've mostly used Domenic's for flat tire repairs and tune ups. They always do top notch work for a fair price. Most recently I took a tire in for a new tube and ended up falling in love with an Electra Townie. They beat REI in price by more than the REI dividend would have been and have been so helpful answering questions and accommodating me in every way. Five stars for Domenic's 2 Wheelers!!
4	Good service. Took care of my bike and helped by teaching me about the local trails. Good quality items. These guys are also a trek dealership so if you are interested in high end bikes, this is a great place to check out.
5	Domenics is the best bike store in tempe!Huge selection of bikes and accessories But the best part is the staff I brought my bike in for a tire flat fix and the older grandpa bike tech, on top of fixing my tire for a super cheap rate , he re wrapped both of my handlebars that were loose for free, without me even asking them to.Even if you just need some air in your tire, they have a free pump behind the shop.
5	After years of flat tires/various bike repairs and trips to bike shops all around the valley, I have to say this about Domenic's:The lack of pretentious employees was so refreshing!Pricing is fair!I walked right in on a Friday afternoon and got my bike back about an hour later.Everyone was so nice and helpful!I went to the Bike Cellar at the Transit Center to have them fix a really terribly loose pedal so they tightened the pieces and gave it back to me -- and then as I rode it out, the pedal went right back to the way it was. Last Friday I went into Domenic's to see if they could do a better job and I will say I was thrilled to get back on my bike this morning and have the pedal in better shape than I'd ever seen it. Like I said before, I got my bike back very promptly, and the service was great. I would definitely recommend Domenic's!
