4	Looking for a good lunch on the Square, Kate and I stopped in The Local this afternoon.  102 King Street has been home to several establishments over the last couple of years and while the detached dining room still feels off, the bar is great.  Great selection of beers on tap and in the bottle and a tasty lunch menu full of some pretty filling sandwiches.  My crawfish hoagie was fantastic; spicy and on a great roll.It's a smidgen on the pricey side (my crawfish was $9) so it might not be you go-to place for a quick bite but with the good food & pleasant service, it's all right by me. Dinner there remains a mystery.  However, rumors of Southern Americana fare will surely draw me back.
2	I'm just judging this place on the drinking atmosphere alone, but it fails. It's too hot, too crowded, and does not provide nearly enough space to breathe. On top of that, they stopped carrying Capitol Island Wheat brew, one of my favorite midwestern beers, but offered Golddigger instead. The ladies' bathrooms are hard to find and there's nothing special about the decor.
4	Food? What food?This is a good place to relax and have a drink, or nine. Its just a tavern. A Central Wisconsin tavern. Its not fancy. The bar tenders are friendly, the drinks are strong, what else can one want?
3	Great pub for grabbing a couple brews. The barkeeps are friendly, and the atmosphere is warm, dark and familiar - everything you want a pub to be.
3	I've only been here for drinks.  Their beer selection is nothing to write home about -- it's missing some Madison staples. (No Leines, as well as various favorite Capitol Brews, but there is Spotted Cow.) However, I have always had friendly service and a good time.
3	The 4-7 happy hours is definitely something I can take advantage of. I like the location, and sitting outside with drink to relax after work is pretty nice. I had a casual dinner with my friend on Monday night. The place was not busy, but not too deserted, either. The sole server wasn't handling the crowd too well, and we struggled a little to get his attention for the check. The food lacks the quality. I was expecting something better after reading a review on Madison magazine, but my fascination was rudely taken away when the nachos (I don't even know why my friend ordered this) came out with cold solidified cheddar cheese.  My salad was underwhelming, too.
3	As soon as I walked in to the dining area, I noticed how stuffy the place was and why -- the windows don't open! Lucky for us, we were able to get a table on the patio for lunch.Once sat, it took far too long to even get acknowledged by the server. So minus one star for that. My burger was pretty good, but only because the beef in it was outstanding and perfectly cooked. The lack of even the most basic accouterments; e.g. pickle, tomato, and lettuce, though left it pretty underwhelming. When I grill burgers at my house or even at a tailgate, they're better dressed than this PB&J of burgers. Minus one star.
4	Right off the square* (or is that on? the square?) Local Tavern is a relatively recent arrival on the downtown bar scene.  If you're looking for a relaxed place to get a beer with some friends then you'll like it.  Not too college-y, and not too local-y (you know, the kind of place where regulars scowl at your from behind a pint and a shot of jager while they root for the Brewers), it's just right.  Crowd on a typical weekend night is mid-20's early 30's young professionals and academics.I suppose the beer selection is good, but I'm a consistent cheap beer drinker, so I can tell you've they've got Schlitz, PBR, and Old Style.   I've never tried the food, but I can't imagine it's either that good or that bad.  Local Tavern is really a bar with a seating area.  Sure, it's larger than your usual seating area, but, mainly, it's a bar.  Not bad.*For you non-Madisonians, the Square is the center of the Isthmus where the Capitol is located, which is the tallest building downtown - I think.  You've seen it in all the pictures.  It's really quite pretty late at night in winter.  Big, illuminated, looming over this sleepy upper midwestern college town and state capital.
3	A decent place to sit after work and have a few drinks, they are reasonably priced too. The menu is fairly limited but the very tastey food nonetheless. Sitting outside is definetly recommended as doesn't offer much for views and can get crowded, resulting in slower service or neglect from the bartener. The Local is a good place to go and relax to get some cheap drinks!!
3	Good location at the top of King St, with outdoor seating and reasonably friendly waitstaff.  I generally order a very specifically-crafted cocktail, sorry folks, I know what I want and how I want it, and the drinks come out just as requested.....when they finally arrive.  I don't know why but the service here has moved at a glacial pace the last few visits.  And yet, we keep going back, so that's good for something.
4	this bar provides some much-needed relief from the frat boy scene around the square. the bartenders and waitstaff are friendly, they have a good selection of beer, it's never packed and they're always playing great music. something about this place feels like home to me, as cheesy as that sounds - it's not too bright, not too loud, there's a johnny mnemonic pinball machine (wtf?) and the decor is great - well worn and divey without being gross.the food leaves a bit to be desired (not great, not terrible), but i think everything else makes up for it.
2	Up until today this bar would have received a 5, just for their Friday Happy Hour alone.  They used to have $1.50 PBR and Schlitz, and free wings and snacks.  Well, there must be new owners, because that's gone.  PBR is no longer $1.50, and the Schlitz and wings/snacks are no more.  This was our regular Friday spot, but we will be searching for a new place.  This place was crowded by 5:00 on a Friday, but was dead today.  I wonder why...
3	I like The Local. Busy enough to not be boring, but not so crowded I hate my life. Reasonably priced drinks, and a fair selection. Their rail drinks tend toward the strong.I went in with a group for lunch today, and saw that they had a new menu. They used to have dressed up American staples, like burgers, an amazing potato salad, fried pickles, and the delicious Boozy Peach Tart. Their menu today was one page and took on a gourmet tack - beef tenderloin sandwich, beet salad, lamb sliders.Nothing really struck my fancy, so I ordered the tomato soup. It was really spicy, and very delicious. However, I'm going to be kind of bummed if they've abandoned their fairly cheap, not-shitty versions of bar food. The appeal of The Local was that it was an unpretentious, urban version of a small-town bar. I'll happily keep coming back for drinks (unless they've also jacked up their bar prices), but my interest as a dinner spot is no more.
4	I've been to the local several times in the past year and recently went on a Friday night.  Recently they changed their menu to a limited selection of like 8 items.  I was in a mood for a burger but the burgers have been dropped (which is a little odd since it is a "tavern").  I had the pan seared Wally sandwich and my wife had the portabella  sandwich.  Both were excellent.  They use to have Schiltz and PBR on tap but that is gone now too...  If the Old Fashion is packed (which it typically is) I'll be heading to the Local!
2	I really wanted to like the Local Tavern, I really really did. The setting looks fantastic and the beer selection is always a great assortment. However, the prices are outrageous and there NEVER seems to be a special available. Even worse, the bartenders have always been lackluster and an irritable crowd. The coup de grace came this weekend when they decided to charge a bigger tip to my card than the one I had written. Something tells me I won't miss the 4.50 beers much.....
