5	This place is amazing! My dog isn't a fan of being groomed & because Mariana treats him like her own, he doesn't seem to mind now! She schedules out her appointments to ensure your dog isn't there all day. I have tried several places and this place is the best! She does an awesome job!
5	Love this place. Petco seemed very expensive and disinterested and made Harry nervous.  Then, after searching Yelp, I pulled into Barkingham Palace. I was with my new puppy Harry and we both loved meeting Mariana. This is the first time I've ever had a puppy so grooming is new to me, cats don't do that sort of thing. A week later, we made our first appointment (she is busy, with good reason, so make an appointment well ahead of time) and today was the day. Two hours later, my Harry dog was no longer a shaggy pup and he looks marvelous. Mariana loves working with our fur babies and it shows. Harry was calm and relaxed the whole time. We will definitely be back. Located a minute off the Horizon Drive exit on 95; it's close to home for me but it would be worth a drive. I love seeing small businesses do well, and Mariana is a treasure to Barkingham Palace's success. Not only that, but the price was very reasonable!
4	I love bringing my furbabies here.  They always do as i ask, never a problem with the groom. I suggest making an appointment ahead of time.  She's is always booked.  She treats them as her own.  And I love how she has all the dogs out together playing.  She doesn't Kennel them.
5	Been to Petco & Petsmart, TERRIBLE JOB and EXPENSIVE! When I asked for a Teddy Bear Cut, both places butchered my poor Uni and they shaved a lot of her back area. Which turned out to look like a bamboo's ass!  Money is not a problem for me as long as you can get it right.  Mariana is the right person to look for!She is patience and dog friendly. If you show her a pic or just even tell her the style , she can do it. I will never go anywhere else now that I found her. I have a female Cocker Tzu (Cocker Spanial & Shih Tzu) and when Mariana is through with her, she is as adorable as doll. Whatever product they use, Uni's coat is shiny and smells good for weeks!!!
5	Barkingham Palace is wonderful. It's hard leaving your babies for the first time at a place your not familiar with... But everyone there was super nice and made my Gidget feel very loved. Thank you so much, well be back.
