1	Received a quote 9300 or so for 11 window ($500.00 per window or so) and 2  sliding doors($1500 per door or so). Sales guy seemed legit, I even went to the warehouse to check out manufacturing, sounded great. I knew I was pay a little more than just buying at home depot and having a friend install. The reason I didn't was because the "lifetime" warranty closed the deal. Pay a little more to have full warranty, make sense, right?I decide to move forward on the doors only to test the company. Glad I did. Install was OK, was happy they were laying my new door frames on everything except a drop cloth. I was able to get over that. Handles are loose, locks are loose, molding not fitting perfect, they cut the vinyl to get the door to fit right. The rolling mechanism in one door makes a noise. Realizing I didn't receive foot lock which I was told were a part of the deal. Made a call then 5+ more calls to the sales rep., 3 call to main office, still chasing them around to this day.All this to receive...hold on folks... a "LIMITED" Lifetime Warranty, yep that's right limited. That's a big difference from Lifetime.Thank god I didn't give them 9k. Next time I'll hire my buddy (GC) to get the job done. super frustrated, I researched, checked 5 companies out, and end up pick these guy, oh what a fool I am.
1	the sliding glass windows they installed in my new custom home were of very poor quality. when we expressed our dissatisfaction they said the waves in our glass were normal for tempered glass. The windows in their showroom that we looked at were not wavy. Our glass looks almost like the glass from a funhouse!
1	Not the best quality product and unreliable installers . Wish I had gone somewhere else.
4	I've got a 54 year old house that had original windows when I bought it in 2013. I shopped around and found that paramount had a good deal, and offered a quality window option for a reasonable price. I had all the windows and a sliding door replaced this spring, and I have been happy with them all. I like that the windows are built with the Arizona climate in mind. And the windows are not shipped from another state before being installed. I have not had any issues with my windows, so I have not had to experience their customer service. I hope that if I do, it is not as bad as everyone else says it is.
4	Our house was built in 1972, and still had the original single pane windows in 2013.  The picture window developed a crack, so we decided it was time for new windows. We shopped around at three different companies, and Paramount had the best quote.  Also, they are local (we like to buy local) and since the windows don't have to be shipped from somewhere else, they contain more of the Argon gas.  We bought 6 vinyl windows and they were installed with no problems.  It's been a year since we got them and I think they make our house look much nicer.  Also, it helped cut down on the outside noise a bit, and our electric bill has dropped somewhat.  The real test of the windows will be how they hold up over the years and while it has been too soon for me to say for sure, thus far we have been very happy with our purchase.
