1	Apartments seem nice and located right on the greenbelt near old town scottsdale. But I have never dealt with worse customer service in all the apartments I have rented.I came in on a saturday and waited 20 minutes to talk to the only employee who was working. He was casually taking his time with the couple, which is to be expected, but failed to greet me or offer any literature while I waited. After showing them the model, he went on to talk about his favorite foods and his trips overseas, without any sense of urgency to help me out. Then when they finally left, he answered the phone and tended to other tenants who had walked in, not giving me any attention at all.There was no follow up after I was shown the model. Since I liked the location I figured I would move there. Every time I called, I had to leave a message, no one answered the phone. It would take a day or two for him to get back to me.I handed in my application, and a girl called me back that day. I was very happy that she seemed much more in to customer service than the man. But that was all. She said she would call back in two days after the application process came back. She did not. I called the next day, and of course had to leave a message. She never returned my call. I had to call a couple more times to get a hold of her. She sent me the lease via email and the dates were wrong, so i emailed her back. She never returned my emails. I told her I wanted to see the apartment the day before I moved in to make sure it was what I wanted before signing the lease. She never called, nor returned my messages and emails asking for this. I got her temporary assistant on the line who said there was nothing she could do, as the manager had gone home for the day. So the day I was suppose to move in, I went to another complex. I figured if the customer service was this lousy as a perspective customer, how would it be if I ever needed something fixed, or anything else I was having problems with. Within 2 hours, I had looked at an apartment, filled the application, signed the lease, and moved in! The best thing about Chazal, besides the location, is how good it makes other apartment properties look!Oh, and of course, I never had any sort of follow up to ask why I hadn't moved in the day I was suppose to from Chazal....
5	I've lived at Chazal just for one week, and I've found a perfect place to stay: the customer service is excellent, the location is good and quite, the apartments are big and clean. If you have trouble to run some stuff, you can ask to the leasing office, and they are ready to help you. It's not one of the cheapest but it's worth it. The only little negative thing is the size of the pool and gym: they are both too small. However, I really recommend to lease here. :)
1	I am an extremely positive and outgoing person. I hate to be the one that complains...But if my review can help the next person, I should probably fully disclose the issues and reasons why this place is By far the worst apartment complex I have ever lived in. Management is completely non existent. It is an older apartment complex so there's always something that needs to be fixed.My air conditioning leaks water and constantly needs repairs. Due to not being fixed properly the first time, there is now mold growing around the air conditioning. Maintenance is always looking for the quick fix rather than the quality of their apartment complex. Non-residents park in the assigned ports because they know they won't get towed. When I walked into the office to ask for the towing company number to remove the jerk parked in my assigned spot, Management had no idea. There is no towing company with Chazal. Management can never answer any of my questions or direct me to someone who can. Now I understand why there is a high turnover in employees at Chazal. Do not bother calling or emailing. You will never receive an email or call back. You either have to take time off of work to go into the office, if they are even there, to speak to someone during the week. Or wait until the weekend to have an issue resolved.
2	Steven is an amazing maintenance guy. He is a leader who who listens and so is Angela. They both have been assisting me with this awful mold issue in my ceiling.... Although they have an A for effort...I still strongly recomend Do not live here unless you enjoy the presence of black mold. Removing drywall and putting Kilz over moldy wood is not enough to remove the mold. It will spread and eventually make Chazal apartment complex too hazardous to have residents. This place should be knocked down.
1	I lived here for a year in a first floor apartment. I was not told that my apartment floods frequently when it rains. After a rain storm, I woke up to literally 8 inches of water in my apartment which destroyed many of my belongings. The carpet was not replaced and I lived in a moldy apartment with 8 super loud blowers for 6 weeks. Mangement told me they would figure out a fair solution. After months of follow up, management ignored my calls/emails and then the said they wouldn't do anything. I had renters insurance but it did not cover flood. I would not live here again because of poor management and unwillingness to resolve issues despite my numerous requests.
