4	I have always been a fan of the Colonial. $5.72 for two pieces of chicken, a side of mashed potatoes and gravy, a biscuit, and medium Pepsi beverage keeps me a fan.
5	Stopped in after back to back basketball games to feed 9 hungry mouths. Maria Defante was awesome! So helpful and friendly. We will be back. Thank you MARIA!
4	This could be a five star location if they hired more staff!!! You can wait longer in line to be waited on than it takes to prepare the food.
4	I grew up on KFC fried chicken. My family would have it at least once every couple of weeks. Over the years, my palette has gone from KFC to Popeyes, and now to local joints doing their own version of fried chicken. But one thing has always "perked" up my long forgotten feelings for the Colonel. That thing would be... the Double Down.I first saw the Double Down on TV a couple of years ago. After the initial backlash from the media and other groups, I thought that it would follow in the footsteps of the Arch Deluxe. To my surprise, I recently saw a commercial saying that they have brought back the Double Down. This time, I would not let opportunity to slip through my fingers.This location is actually pretty nice. It's clean and well taken care of. Even though the hours say it closes at 10pm, the drive thru is open to 11. I came here at around 10:30 and the manager who took my order was very kind and helpful. What is great to know is that since it gets slower at night, they usually cook the food when the order comes in, so that they won't waste throwing away a lot of food at the end of the night. That also means that you will have fresh chicken straight out of the fryer, and not ones that have been sitting under a heat lamp for the past hour.Double Down - Two pieces of breaded chicken that are fried until crispy. These are essentially the "buns". In the middle of these buns are bacon, melted cheese, and the KFC secret sauce that taste very similar to ranch. I gotta say, this is probably my favorite sandwich of all time. I wish every sandwich could be like this. Fried chicken, bacon, cheese, and sauce in sandwich form. It's brilliant. I probably want to give the person who invented this a Hi-5. No, I should say, 2 Hi-fives!!! Maybe 3 but I don't want to be too greedy. Even though it's ok because I like the sandwich so much.Couldn't give the place 5 stars because I don't believe in factory farmed chicken. I'm sure the sandwich I ate was loaded with hormones and antibiotics. But, a great sandwich nonetheless. KFC, you slay me.
