4	We were there this saturday and really enjoyed our evening there. Our server was awesome ; kind, profesionnal, knew his wines. Very very good service which is already enough to have me say we'll be back. The appetizers were very good. There was a special dish inspired by the market, therefore we enjoyed a great veal carpaccio (YUM!) and a classic yet flawless burrata mozzarella appetizer (double YUM!)I was expecting to be really impressed by the pasta. Homemade, and all of them were shapes that we don't eat too often, so that was fun ! Surprisingly though, it was good yet not as much as I had hoped so. My boyfriend had the full plate of the pasta of the day and felt like it was a small portion. I had tons of seafood in mine which made up for the sauce which I felt was a little underwhelming. However, don't get me wrong, it was still really tasty. You can tell how fresh their food is. Really.The cheese plate was a bit of a bummer. We didn't get how and why a cheese platter could include a huge portion of parmesan. BUT the caciocavallo and the gorgonzala themselves were more than enough. The servings were huge and the price really reasonable !Desert was PER-FECT. And so was the wine !!It's a place to try. Nice ambiance, awesome service and very cute decor. Around 50$ per person, before wine + tips. You should go !
5	Went to Impasto on a late Wednesday evening (our reservation was for 8:30pm) and the place was absolutely packed. Crazy busy so make sure you reserve in advance.  We sat at the bar and had great seats of the chefs working their magic. Our server was fantastic - explained the menu thoroughly and made a few suggestions on what to order. We decided to share a couple of dishes between the two of us:- Homemade Apuglia style sausage ($13) - came with rapini in an apple vinegar. Sausage was tender and full of flavour. Rapini gave a nice contrast to the sausage.- Mafalde pasta ($20 for full size) with rabbit ragu, chicory and olives. Pasta was cooked perfectly al dante.  This is deliciousness on a plate.- Nonno's porchetta roast ($26) - a massive portion of perfectly cooked porchetta. Just the right amount of fattiness to it. Nice crispiness on the outside and super tender on the inside (you could break it with your fork!). Came with rapini and poached pears.- Tiramisu ($7) - small portion but you can taste the cream/liquor in the tiramisu. Perfect way to end our meal.- Glass of pinot grigio ($10)Everything was amazing - full of flavour and cooked perfectly. Wish we had ordered more so I could have tasted more of the menu. If I lived in Montreal still, I would be back! Especially for their lunch menu which I believe is very reasonable (2 for $19, 3 for $25).Great spot in Little Italy. Go go go.
5	After a few months of waiting, I finally had the chance to check out the Italian restaurant everyone is talking about right now - Impasto. This small space, located in the heart of Little Italy and only a short walk from the Jean Talon Market, was born of the collaboration between Michele Forgione (formerly of Osteria Venti) and Stefano Faita, host of CBC's In the Kitchen. Impasto aims to provide great Italian food with no shortcuts - almost everything is made in house. Walking into the space, that level of craft permeates even the decor. Beautiful open kitchen with wood panel walls, leather banquettes, terrazzo floors, Pelligrino bottles lining the ceiling and just enough lighting to really brighten up the room. I sat down with a Negrini in hand, ready to enjoy a wonderful meal with a group of friends.First up, we have the Insalada di Moscardini - baby octopus, fennel, potato and red onion salad. A beautifully balanced salad. The freshness of the fennel combined nicely with the bite of the red onion, the starch of the potatoes and the fatty octopus. Add a little olive oil and some herbs and you had a great starter to the meal.The other starter I got to try was the housemade Apulia style sausage with pan seared rapini and apple vinegar. Great texture to the sausage as well as great flavour. The combination of the rapini and the apple vinegar adds some nice acidity to the fatty sausage. I know rapini isn't everyone's thing but I personally love it so that worked for me.The next course was the pasta course. I went for the ricotta gnocchi with basil infused tomato sauce. This dish is probably Chef Forgione's speciality and I had heard so much about it that I wasn't sure it could meet my expectations. Well..... it blew them out of the water. The slow pillowy texture of each morsel. The rich ricotta flavour. I have never had gnocchi that literally melt in your mouth like these ones did. Lightly tossed with a simple but very flavourful tomato sauce, this was pretty much the best pasta dish I have had all year almost without saying. Bravo Chef! I also got to try another pasta dish - the mafalde with rabbit ragu, chicory and olives. The mafalde pasta itself was wonderful - great texture, indicative of people who know how to make great in-house pasta. The combination of the rabbit ragu with the chicory made for very earthy notes - a nice contrast to the richness of the ricotta gnocchi I had previously.For the next course, I went with Nonno's porchetta roast served with a vanilla pear, pan seared rapini and some candied fruits. This was an amazing roast - deliciously rich and fatty pork meat with crispy skin. The skin wasn't the crispest I've ever had but still wonderful. The inclusion of the vanilla pear and the candied fruits provided some sweetness to balance with the inherent saltiness and fattiness of the roast itself. I love porchetta and Impasto's take just reinforced my love.For dessert, we went with the Tiramisu and the chocolate tort cake. I'm not a big fan of Tiramisu due to my hatred of coffee but this one was milder in terms of the coffee taste and had a wonderfully smooth texture. The chocolate cake had more of a brownie texture - very dense but still moist. Very well executed.This was a great meal all around. Impasto aims for great Italian food and they hit on all the notes. As a party, we did find the service to be slightly slow in terms of bringing water and taking wine orders but it is a minor quibble. Now, the menu changes seasonly and ironically enough, they just changed the menu for the fall so you won't be able to try the dishes I described above. However, that should not stop you from going menu unseen. I have no doubts you will be as satisfied as I was. Now, I just want to go back to see what Chef Forgione and company have in mind for the current season.Cheers!
5	I recently was in Little Italy and went to Impasto. Wow - absolutely outstanding!It is hard to describe the food, a few words that come to mind are: incredible, delicious, addictive, fun, art!   Art - not in the looks (it looks ok), but in the taste, full of various delicious flavours in your mouth....Service was excellent with an efficient and friendly waiter - well done !!!
5	Went there on a beautiful summer evening. It is well located where it should be, in little Italy. Had the braised rabbit tagliatelle which was perfectly buttery to harmonize with the chicore... Service was great. Price is very decent for the quality of food you are getting.
5	Amazing modern italian restaurant in the heart of Little Italy. Simple yet stylist decor, great ambiance, we sat at the bar where we were able to see the team cook the fabulous dishes of the evening.  Very friendly staff and attentive service.We had the burrata with asparagus, pasta pomodoro basilico, and agnoletti with sausage it was all amazing.  They really put the emphasis on the flavours and quality of their dishes.Being in little Italy there are plenty of italian restaurants to go to, but if you are looking for something unique and modern this place is a must!
4	Location: Little Italy - on Dante, right off of St. Laurent. Street parking only - look out for the resident-only parking zones!The place: Loved the simple but modern decor, with its large windows that offer up perfect lighting. What can I say, you notice light when you're into photography! The restaurant isn't huge by any means, but they do make good use of the floor space. That said, you'll need reservations if you want a table, and you'll want to book well in advance. I was unsuccessful in getting reservations when I tried to book 1-2 weeks ahead of time (twice) so.... you've been warned. The food: OK - I think my expectations were set excessively high due to the reviews, and as such, I felt a little disappointed. Don't panic - this isn't a crappy review. My date and I started with the buratta and tomato, which was both fresh and delicious. It's not very heavy either, so is the perfect starter because it won't fill you up before you receive your main. We decided to share the appetizer and from my perspective, it was perfect for two people. Now, if you're a 200-pound male, you might want to get your own appetizer. My main was pasta with lobster. Do I remember the name of the pasta? Nope, but it's very similar to Strozzapreti, which is a short, thick noodle that has a bit of a twist. The pasta was al dente and perfectly cooked. Personally, I felt that there was enough lobster in my plate, BUT others may not feel the same for the price point. The lobster was fresh but I found it to be somewhat chewy. In terms of overall flavor, it pains me to say that the dish was underwhelming. I was expecting the dish to burst with flavor but sadly, it did not. Flavor was almost non-existent. My date on the other hand, really enjoyed the Casarecce so maybe I just ordered the wrong dish or the chef was having an off-night. I ended with the Tiramisu, which was delicious. Perfect balance of coffee and cream - I would have bought several jars of these to bring home, had they been for sale =-DService: Great. Our waiter was friendly, took the time to explain the menu, made suggestions on what to eat and drink, and patiently waited while we decided on what to order. Price point: A little painful. Considering the size of the portions (small), and also taking into consideration the quality of the food (great), I feel that the menu is a little overpriced. For a glass of wine, appetizer, main and dessert, it cost me $73 (excluding tip). At this price point, I would perhaps expect complimentary Prosecco or something.Verdict: I enjoyed my overall experience so I'll give these guys a redo.
5	Great food, excellent service, nice decor. I went with my entire family (Step mom, dad, sister, brother, brother in law), and they are incredibly critical restaurant eaters, but luckily for me generous and polite to wait staff so regardless of how they felt, I was quite pleased with the meal.I wanted a variety of things, so I shared a lobster pasta with my brother that was definitely one of the better lobster pastas I've had. That whet my appetite for the next course which was a cold octopus salad...DELICIOUS. I've only had octopus salad a few times but this was definitely the tastiest and most generous portion I've had.At this point I was getting full but I still ate my carpaccio which was very good. I tasted my brother's sous-vide crispy pork shoulder...if you like your pork and are hungry this is the dish for you. My sister had Swordfish that was cooked so it was raw in the middle so it almost was like eating seared tuna. I had a double espresso as well and my brother liked it so much he drank 2. The waitress was friendly and patient and let us try different wines before ordering. It was a little loud but had a friendly atmosphere.
5	Amazing fresh made pastas!!! It's like eating in a chic trattoria in Milan, except it's in Little Italy off of Saint Laurent.  We got bar seats where we could watch the proficient 24 burner kitchen put out delicious and beautifully presented food made of the best ingredients.  Had  the octopus starter that was so good.  The winning dish was the pasta dish made with  green almond pesto. Four dessert the panne cotta drizzled with browned pear vinegar was a perfect creamy way to finish the dinner.
5	Simply the best meal I've had in years ... Excellent food, great service Sting Bean salad, Burrata and tomatoes (5 different kind of tomatoes that were the tastiest I've ever tasted), Lobster pasta and the Swordfish .. All were just one word : Wow To top it off; we went for some delicious frozen custard across the street at their other restaurant Gema I am writing this review at 12:30 am 3 days after I ate at Impasto since I am still thinking of this great meal !!!i And also because the whole team there really deserves all the praise possible for the great evening
5	Our Impasto experience was like a good expensive wine, end to end joy and complex flavours. The restaurant has an opened kitchen and we were offered seats at the counter in front of it. I think this kind of made the dinner complete, it is so much fun to eat well and watch how the same food is mastered in front of you. Impasto had a brand new menu when we came for dinner and our careful reading of reviews all over the social media, as to pick dishes in advance, was in vain. The menu definitely has seasonal orientation and I love surprises. My appetizer was an amazing beet salad, so carefully presented that I felt bad eating it, the scallops of my partner in crime were pretty good too. If I could I would have tried all the four pasta dishes, it was difficult to choose between the ink linguini, squash and quince options. My friend ordered the cavatelli with spicy sausage, heavenly! I went with the quince, partridge and mushroom dish as recommended by our host. I love quince and the flavour in the pasta was pretty amazing, but the entire dish somehow didn't come fully together. The pasta was cooked really al dente. If a manage to come back, my next choice would be definitely the ink linguini with clams, they looked so attractive when delivered over the counter for other customers. We also like to share our adoration for the pasta chef, he was a madman when it got crazy busy in the kitchen.The main corse was amazing, the porchetta is a must try dish. We did wise to share, it is heavy, but don't you even think of not eating the fat. My first bite is the reason I will come back to Impasto, so full of flavours and spices. Dessert comes in little jars, the tiramisu is five stras, the white chocolate panna cotta was ok. Wine list is long. We were in for a treat and my date ordered an expensive bottle of red, which was just perfect with the food. We also finished with dessert wine, private import from Italy with peach flavor, so good and again recommended by the wonderful hosts that took care of us. Yes, service is actually six stars. Back to our counter top seats with special view of the kitchen. This is a brave decision of the owners, the kitchen should be impeccably clean, the cooks have enough pressure to deliver, when curious eyes are staring at them. I would always pick the same spot when coming back to Impasto, as I loved to watch how the rhythm picks up and how it slows down as the first round of servings is done. Was it an expensive dinner, yes it was, because we chose so, we took the full package of this restaurant and without regret. Yum!
5	Wow what to say. If we could give this joint 10 stars we would.  Felt like I was back in Italy. Just awesome can't wait to go back!
