4	Awesome new spot on St-Laurent in the Mile End neighbourhood. The place was opened by people with tons of experience in the restaurant business in Montreal and it shows. FOOD: Great! I ordered a pork cheek stew with lentils and it was OFF the hook. My boyfriend had the black cod and it was delicious. We shared the stuffed calamari and tuna tar tar appetizers and they were delicious. The plates are gorgeous and the portions are actually pretty big considering the caliber of the food (places this good usually serve smaller plates).  SERVICE: This is the type of place where the servers know what they are talking about and actually care about wine and food. Service is quick but casual which I like. Super chill, super quick, and honest. Could not be better.VEGETARIANS: My boyfriend is a vegetarian and there were tons of main dish menu options for him. Although the appetizers mostly had meat in them, the kitchen was awesome and prepped those with the meat items on the side (so we could share and he could avoid the meat).AMBIANCE: The place has a good vibe. Stylish but not overly fancy. The music was fun too (but maybe not ideal for older people as it was a little eclectic and verging on too loud for the middle-aged crowd).I'll definitely be going back. it's now up there with my fave places in Montreal of this type like Tuck Shop and Salle a Manger.Good stuff!
5	If there were more stars I would give it to them. We went there for my bachelorette on valentines day weekend. Most of us had the special valentines menu which offered 6 tasting plates. I can't remember all of them but I can remember the profiteroles dessert was outstanding. As was the shrimp and oysters. Drinks are also great and strong. It's decently priced for a higher end restaurant. What makes this place is the staff and music. Matthew was our waiter and he really took care of us! I would recommend ordering as much as you can because everything is great. Go eat there now!
4	Just had brunch and was impressed by the amazing preparation and unique flavours/menu options. The focus is on the cuisine, so the portions are a bit small, especially for brunch.
5	Went for brunch, had the scallops and the sausage salad. Very good! Great ambiance good food good service!! I'd recommend it to anybody! We will go back to try their evening menu!!
4	Well, this lovely calm white room has been open for 8 or 9 months and now that I've eaten there I feel shame at having waited so long to sample the fresh, comforting flavours on offer. The menu features a mix of local Quebec farm fresh inspiration with Mediterranean and especially Portuguese influences. The cod dish I had with super crisp and plump little heritage tomatoes, small squares of goat feta, tucked into an eggplant puree was a perfect taste of summer, and plentiful enough to still be filling despite the fancy look of it. My friend's pork and clams with little pickled onions and Brussels sprouts and potatoes was such a nice cold weather dish you could imagine curling up with it around a fire while the leaves changed. We sat at the bar on a quiet Monday and enjoyed friendly conversation with the owners and staff, and sipped wine and sweetly improvised cocktails. I'd like to go back and eat in the booth in the winter, I think this food is well suited to being tucked in comfortably by a window. I'd love to see more of Quebec's amazing local beers on the menu, and a few natural or biodynamic wines by the glass would be super sweet. I also think this is a spot that might benefit from a ~50$ table d'hote, some suggestions to guide you through a great meal and introduce you to the interesting things on the menu. But really, I had a perfect delicious evening here and look forward to coming back.
4	If I could give this place half stars, I would give it a 3.5 stars. The food was good, but not outstanding - several dishes were certainly better than others. The portions were fairly large, the prices a bit above average, and the service was a little slow.I expected this to have a lot more Portuguese influence, but other than the grilled octopus and Portuguese donut, I didn't really find a lot of Portuguese fusion or dishes.  It's very much your basic American / Canadian new restaurant with about 8 appetizers / small plates and 6 entrees to choose from.There were 6 of us in our party and we each got 2 appetizers for our meal. Some were definitely better than others. It was definitely enough food - the appetizers were like a small entree size, so it would have been too much food if I had gotten one appetizer and one entree. It was strange that the bread was brought out about 30 min after we had ordered and as we were waiting for our food.Lettuce, fresh mozzarella di bufala, caramelized walnuts and red grapes with truffle vinaigrette ($14) - I really loved the salad but I love anything with truffle on it. The cheese was fresh and the walnuts and grapes were a nice sweet touch with the rest of the salad to help balance it out. The salad was a generous size, and would have been enough to fill me up if it had had protein on it. I'd definitely recommend this for just one person or to share between 2-3 people.Fried scallops, cauliflower couscous with candied yellow beets, green beans and fresh herbs ($16) - At almost $8 per scallop, I would've thought they had massaged each scallop or it was laced with gold. It was good, and I liked the cauliflower "couscous" (basically grated cauliflower to look like the texture of couscous), but $16 is pricey for this.I tried a bite of my friend's tuna tartare and thought it was not that good. It wasn't well proportioned with the avocado, and tomato and each mouthful just tasted like raw white onion. Not so good. My friend had the beef tartare and said it was overly garlicky. The wine we got was great (see my pictures) - very smooth - we ended up with 2 bottles. Overall, a fairly pricey meal - it came out to $65 per person with each person getting 2 appetizers, along with 2 bottles of wine for the table and a dessert to share. Not sure if I'd come back here again - I'm happy I tried it, but I think I'd prefer to go elsewhere next time.
