5	Good self serve fro yo that taste like soft serve ice cream but they also have tart flavors. Fresh fruit toppings and candies are a plus. They also carry  dippi'n dots (or something like it ) as well as cupcakes. All flavors were low fat or fat free. Moderate price, sold per ounce. Definitely worth a try.
5	This place is great! The people that work here are always friendly and the yogurt is delicious! My daughter and I go here at least twice a week!
5	This is the best frozen yogurt place in the west valley. Great selection, self serve, and tons of toppings. My husband and I go at least once a week.
2	A little background, I'm mildly obsessed with mochi.  Last fall I made some with a friend of mine.  It was tasty and we gorged on it.  I'm too lazy to make it again, but I buy it when I see it.  Agave Blue doesn't have mochi.  Yogurtland does.  Point for Yogurtland.Agave Blue was in slightly abandoned strip mall (lots of spaces for rent) which makes me nervous.  Won't be making any late night stops here, that's for sure.I went inside and was pleased that it was very clean.  There were people sitting, quietly eating yogurt.  This made me think the yogurt was so good that you just want to keep shoveling it in your mouth.  I was wrong.  Don't get me wrong, the yogurt is good, but they were probably thinking, "I can get the same quality from Ben & Jerry's, 2 pints for $5 on sale this week."  Freals, you can, Agave Blue is mad expensive.There was about 8 different flavors, including red velvet.  It didn't taste like red velvet, it tasted like chocolate cake with red food coloring.  Before y'all jump all over me, cranking your neck saying red velvet technically IS a chocolate cake with red food coloring, I know that, BUT it's a light chocolate taste, not slap your tongue chocolate.  I got the red velvet and espresso flavored yogurt.  Espresso didn't even taste like weak coffee flavored yogurt, it didn't taste like much actually.  It was disappointing.  My husband got orangesicle.  He said it was good.I went to the toppings bar and was absolutely revolted when I saw old chocolate chips.  You know how chocolate gets when it's old and dry?  It's discolored and crusty looking?  Yeah, they had chocolate chips out that looked like that.  What the fuh?  This place just opened, and even if it had been open for 20 years there's no excuse for putting out nasty ass chocolate chips!  I told the cashier and she looked like an underwhelmed teenager who had no idea there was such a thing as old chocolate.  She sounded really surprised, looked at it, and said it looked ok.  She did pull it and said she'd take it back to the back (which I saw her do before I left.)I was mildly impressed that they had cotton candy toppings and marshmellow cream, but it didn't make up for the lack of mochi.  One of the toppings containers (a 4 foot display where they could put another 10 toppings) was completely empty which left me feeling jipped.  I wasn't impressed with the selection.  Yogurtland totally has it over them (their coffee yogurt actually tastes like coffee and their green apple yogurt and AMAZING!)I honestly don't get why this place has so many rave reviews.  Have these people never been to a yogurt bar before?  Are they enthused by the choice of spoon colors (pink, purple, lime green and electric blue in case you're wondering)?  I don't see coming here again unless I have a coupon for it, don't want to drive to Yogurtland, or my husband wants to go here.I'm giving it 2 stars because it was clean and the yogurt was alright.  It's expensive, doesn't have many toppings, and the employees were less than knowledgeable (and helpful, I was basically ignored other than saying where the sample cups were.)
5	Per another reviewer on this page, watch out for the over-rated yogurt place on the mean streets of Palm Valley! The patrons at the Black Angus, the day care, and the Applebee's adjacent to the store are pretty shady. And a YOGURT shop hiring teenagers?? WHAAAAAT??!! Sensing my sarcasm yet???This place is impeccably clean, toppings are great, flavors are awesome, and the owners and employees are friendly and fun. They even have free Wifi (I believe). If you are into your yogurt to the point of naming specific freezing methods and inspect all toppings for irregularity in size and shape, more power to you...I just wanna eat some yogurt!I am more than happy having this great place to take my family that is right next to my house...abandoned strip mall and all!
3	This place caters to vegan! They have two different types of sorbets that tasted good. The reason I rated it a 3 is because the price is very high!! It's 45 cents for one ounce! It ended up costing over $30 for only four ice creams!
2	Been a four day a week customer of Yogurtland for months. Great place, friendly employees, excellent selection. Decided to try agave out of curiosity. First time there I got the cake batter yogurt and absolutely loved it. I thought this might be my next favorite place. Went the next day and poof! Cake batter was gone. Unlike yogurtland which always has the flavors I like, this place swaps them out daily. I was impressed when the cashier said he had wifi and even provided 15 different cables to charge various devices. My iPhone was almost dead so I asked if he could get me an iPhone charger. Guess what? He didnt have one. Are you kidding? The best device in the world and he has every charger but that one? Also, very pricey. Yogurtland is 8 cents per ounce cheaper. With a family of five that adds up.
4	AMAZING on a hot summer day. Love the sample cups for those of us who are indecisive. My only complaint is that it is a little pricey without a coupon from the west valley view for BOGO.
5	This is my first review and it just happens to be for Agave Blue.  I am extremely picky about my yogurt an it shows. There is always a rotating selection here and they tend to keep a few of everyone's favorites around (chocolate, vanilla, tart).  To say that I love this place is an understatement!  I live at 69th and Cactus and drive all the way over here just for yogurt!  There are a lot of other places a lot closer to me than Agave Blue but none of them and I mean NONE of them are as good.  I have tried all of the ones near my home but they just don't compare.And as for the price, yeah it is on the high side but it's not and yea I would l love to only pay 30 cents or less an ounce. But just like everything else in life the good stuff always costs a little more and for the quality of product, clean modern setup it's worth the price for me. So in short, yes this place is very good because I drive a very long way to get my fix and nothing else will do. If I have a craving for yogurt and don't feel like driving and dealing with boneheads on the road I just have to hold out until it passes and I'm good for a couple more days.
4	we got a groupon for $12 that gave us $24 of yogurt...the only problem was, you had to use it all at once, no residual value...so the wife and I got HUGE cups.Store was clean and staff was very friendly and greeted us upon entering.  selection was awesome, I think there were 8 different flavors:red velvet, Tahitian vanilla, orange dreamsicle, watermelon (not good),  blue agave (very good) Mango (tart but great), rocky road, chocolate.We ended up with $23 of yogurt between two of us.Its an expensive dessert, but worth it once in a while!
5	First time here and it was great. The place is clean and the yogurt is really good. Love it and will definitely be back.
5	This is a very hip, cool Fro-Yo place.  Decor is beautiful. A lot of planning went into this space.  My fave is the mango and vanilla tart.  I try all of the new rotating flavors and have loved every flavor but I keep going back to my fave. Hey, you know what you love. My six yr old loves the Mini Melts too.  There is a great selection of toppings.  I enjoy the fresh fruit and broken waffle cone in my bowl. The place is always impeccably clean and I am always greeted when entering the store.  Not your typical or standard Fro-Yo chain...it is a unique gem.
5	Very friendly employees and amazing yogurt.
4	Great flavors and topping selection. The place has a great feel inside and impeccably clean.
4	This is a great little "fro-yo" (I'm so hip) shop on the West Side. it is really good quality, the place is nice, the staff are nice, they have a great selection of toppings. It is a fun little place worth checking out.
3	Yogurt and toppings are great but it is a bit expensive. Took my family of 4 and it cost us nearly $20 for frozen yogurt which seemed high to me. Will go back it just won't be as often as if it were a bit more affordable.
5	Clean and friendly
5	They have added Nutella as a topping!!! Incredible.
4	Love this place!  The Frozen Yogurt is really yummy and they have many toppings to choose from.  I enjoy the small patio out front, my dog likes it there too :')
4	It was clean and they had a fair amount of toppings and fro yo to choose from. I like when the have the apple pie flavored and add some granola really good.
5	Simply delicious!
5	West valley and a great Yogurt shop?  It's like saying Lebron and the Heat winning the championship!  Well ladies and gents both are true...  This place is super classy and modern, did I say they had great yogurt?  Absolutely!  I moved to the west side and miss the great restaurants (although I don't miss you hipsters).  They have great blends and the sides are very well done, I always used to ride out to Mojo at the Bmore but no mas because the Agave Blue is my new spot!Owner I am giving you major love, now go activate your merchant to work with Amex and I will keep coming!
2	I was excited to see that there was going to be another yogurt place in the west valley.  Sadly, it wasn't as great as I had hoped.  The flavors are ok, their toppings are nothing compared to other yogurt places in the area.  The staff (on all 3 occasions that I have been there) are not friendly at all.  Usually a teenager who is upset that you interrupted their texting.
2	Agave Blue!  Where do I start?  So many things to mention that went into this 2 star review.  The West valley is lacking in FroYo places apparently - we are recent transplants to the area and in our previous state, places like these were a dime a dozen and apparently, all of that competition really drove up the quality and the customer service.  Here is my breakdown:Yogurt selection:  4 stars- not too many choices - but selection is well thought out and everything is fresh.Toppings:  2 stars - the only fruits available tonight were candied pineapples (blah) and cherries.  Customer service:  2 stars.  I have to say - I am impressed watching the teenagers that staff this place clean.  They keep that place spotless. Unfortunately, they some have no customer service skills whatsoever. Tonight, my husband asked if there was anymore fruit available (several of the topping bins were empty in the fruit section) and the worker just said "Nope."  No further discussion.  Depending on who is working, sometimes you get a welcome or a thank you, but more often than not there is no positive customer service interaction at all.  :(  Location:  4 stars:  quiet location, easy parking, tables and chairs outside.  All in all - 2 stars.  Raise the bar with customer service expectations and I would love to change this to a higher overall rating in the future :)
4	Great tasting as usuall. The coupon offer was the cherry on top!
5	I love this place! They have a customer loyalty card where you can get a free yogurt after so many visits. I absolutely love the sea salted carmel pretzel flavor. I was kind of sad that this was just a special flavor that they get every so often. Not to disappoint you can always find vanilla, chocolate, red velvet and a few other flavors. The specialty flavors that come and go are great. Most recently cinnamon bun was the flavor. This flavor is both tasty and delicious. This place is always clean and well maintained so I couldn't be more pleased!
4	The frozen yogurt was good, not as many varieties as bigger chains, but the flavors were good.They had an OK amount of toppings, but they had more sauces and liquid toppings than any other place we've been to.And the kid behind the counter was really nice and helpful; place was nice and clean.
4	We would not have known about this place were it not for the Yelp deal!  Agave Blue Frozen Yogurt was a good find thanks to Yelp.  Im not familiar with this area and we were on a quest for some frozen yogurt!  We found a place that served frozen custard and although it was very temping it would have been way too heavy for us.  We searched the Yelp deals and found the Agave Blue Frozen Yogurt!  They were offering a $10 deal for $5.  There was three of us, which $10 was more than enough for all of us to have a heaping bowl of tasty yogurt!  They had fewer selections to choose from than what we've found at other places but what they do offer is delish! They have several toppings to choose from including fresh fruit which is our favorite topping.  Nothing's beats fresh berries on top of frozen yogurt! !  So pull up their Yelp deal and treat yourself and some friends to a cheap anf tasty treat, to beat the heat, now that was neat B-)
5	Great treat after a meal or that right amount of sweetness that is perfect anytime
4	Came here the other evening with the fam, it was pretty tasty. The lady behind the counter was super sweet too. We thoroughly enjoyed our frozen treats & left satisfied. Many good flavors & toppings to choose from. I can't wait to try Yogurtini next! :D
3	Good flavor but not many options with both yogurt flavors and toppings compared to other yogurt shops. Pretty pricey as well for what you can get.
3	I like the place, but it's a bit pricey and selection is a little limited after going to the Yogurtini up the road a few times.  At least the selection of yogurts tends to cycle more so than the other place.
5	Agave Blue gets 5 stars for having great tasting yogurt in creative flavors.  They also have a large assortment of trim and fixin's.I tried their maple bacon yogurt and it was onbe of the best things I have ever put in my mouth.  If the pangs of trying to be a responsible adult weren't so strong, I would have had a cup filled to the brim for lunch instead of a half cup.They also invested a lot in the interior & decor.  Muy Chic!
2	Lacked selection of yogurt and toppings, not to mention the help wasn't very helpful.
3	I am only giving it an a okay rating because I was disappointed with the bathroom, that sounds silly but I teach serve safe and not having soap in restroom is disgusting. Unfortunately I didn't realize it until after we ate there or we wouldn't have ate there. The yogurt was tasty, I think they should take away the dot ice cream and add more yogurt flavors and toppings. Also the price per ounce is pricier than most at 45 per ounce
5	Really good yogurt and lots of different toppings.
4	Another fountain of froyo funTrying out all the froyo places in the West Valley.  This is another good option-- similar prices and flavors, cool decor, and a good selection of toppings.  Really like how clean they keep this place.This spot would be hard to find if we didn't see it regularly while heading to other stores in the same strip mall.  Hope they can get some street signage going.
4	Agave Blue has a great selection of flavors including currently a great coconut (often hit or miss from yogurt places) and my favorite NY Cheesecake with just the right tartness. They have a decent selection of fixings (I have seen more elsewhere but nothing to complain about really. The location itself is clean and neat. Added bonus: they have water and cups at the register unlike many other places that just have a water fountain.
3	Came here because knew yogurtland in avondale would be fulll.  Aok.  Limited flavors, logistics of yogurt, topping location/space is awkward.  Need to squeeze in or wait one by one.  Place was clean. Cashier at that time seemed like she rather be somewhere else. Comp water they had for customers was warm, eek. Will probably just trek to yogurt land next time.Dress: come as u r
4	No complaints. Clean, flavors change.
3	Pretty good place for frozen yogurt. I went because I got the yelp deal. Their toppings aren't the freshest, and they don't have a lot of choices for yogurt, but if you are just looking for some froyo, this isn't a bad place to check out. They no longer charge by the ounce. I believe it ranges from $3-5 bucks now for the small-large.
1	I could have been okay with the small selection of flavor choices.  I can even overlook that it is overpriced, compared with other competitors.  But when the only person working can't stop video chatting on her cell phone to greet us? When it was time to pay,she told her phone to hold on.  Rang us up, then went right back to her cell phone video chat.  Talk about unacceptable service!
1	Why did I not read today's reviews before going here
