5	Please check it out. This place has a nice small ma pa feel to it which really makes it nice. I bring my dog here every chance I get and you should too
5	Fantastic.  I might sound silly, but my dog was happier after his grooming with them  compared to his demeanor following being groomed elsewhere.  Also, the fee was reasonable, and they don't try to sell you things you don't want.
5	I just relocated to the Phoenix area and have been looking for a grooming salon.  I took my 2 shihtzu's here last week for the first time after checking it out beforehand.  I was very impressed with how clean and quiet the salon was.  Not a lot of barking dogs and noise like many other salons.  I am very particular about my dogs grooming and well being.  They listened to how I wanted them clipped and they looked great when they were done!  Also I noticed my dogs were not nearly as nervous or anxious here when I took them in and when I picked them up!!  It was a great find and will definitely be taking my girls there again!!!
5	Fantastic! I was very impressed with the job they did on my shorkie. I consider myself to be very picky about how my dog is groomed. The minute I walked in, the greeting was very warm. My groomer took the time to ask me questions on what I liked and disliked about her current cut. They were done with her at the promised time. And oh yeah, she looked so adorable when I picked her up!!!! Will for sure go back!!!
1	I have been taking my dogs here for about 6 times or so.  Just had them in there last week and very disappointed with their cut as they were uneven, beards completely cut off and not what I asked for.  Every time I take them, it's like the first time, where I have to explain exactly what I want done on them.  I've even brought in pictures  as examples.  Every time I pick them up they look completely different than the time before. After about a week and still not liking the cuts,  I called and spoke with the owner and she was full of excuses, and lastly said "If your dogs were better behaved,  maybe we could cut them like you want.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!  A. they are dogs  B.  I have never been told that they were bad before C.this woman needs a class in customer service!!!  Needless to say, I will not be taking my pets there anymore.  Owners beware!!!
