5	When I found this place, I immediately assumed it was going to be too expensive - it's so neat, hip and clean - had to be out of reach, right?  But no - they are hip, neat, clean, plus you get NICE PEOPLE, great selection of products for your four legged furries, and REASONABLY PRICED items too.   They are also incredibly knowledgable about pet food - please don't tell me you are still buying IAMS at the grocery store - ask them why you shouldn't.    Your pets deserve good healthy quality food, and this is definitely the place to get it.   Even better, sometimes there are rescue pets available for adoption.   It's nice to buy your pet's food from a place that loves pets and cares about the animal welfare community.   Go!  Now!
5	My dog loves this store as so do I ! It is in a perfect location right on Camelback road near 7th Street. Although the store is on the small side, the selection of healthy and natural dog food is amazing. The owner is soooo nice and will help you find the best product for your pet. (yes they do have some cat items as well). There is a full selection of toys, grooming supplies, supplements, food, and of course treats! Noble Beast also supports local rescue organizations by having dogs to adopt on site as well as hosing events where donations can be made. I am so happy to have a store like this in the city, but I think my dog is even happier!!PS They have a store mascot dog names Otis who is a Pug- he will be more than happy to say hi!
5	From a cat owner's perspective: I first visited after the last killer-pet-food scare. Noble Beast is a great alternative to the Petco/PetSmart axis of giantism. As I live solo, I tend to indulge my little co-pilot. Noble Beast is the go-to place for kitty swank. NB carries all kinds of natural and organic cat food. They have great toys from Smart Cat and other vendors, and all kinds of fabulous stuff for clean-up (green tea cat wipes, anyone?) and transport. If you haven't seen the sleepypod cat bed/carrier, check it out. It's a splendid design. Of course, to get my cat to sleep in a $200 bed, I would have to also buy a $400 bed for her to ignore.The people at Noble Beast are super-knowledgeable, empathetic, and helpful. It can be a bit disorienting to see all these non-mainstream products, so ask questions. You'll get a thoughtful answer every time.
5	MEOW! This place is great - super clean, loaded with an amazing assortment of natural foods for both pooches and kitties, and two fridges jammed full with raw diet selections!  My four-footed kids were in heaven going through the bags!Not wanting to offend anyone in my bunch (it's impossible to travel anywhere with three dogs and two cats, while simultaneously maintaining any level of decorum), I went solo this weekend to support the latest AzRESCUE effort being sponsored by the store. In addition to them sending me home with a complimentary Yoghund for each of the kids, I got some great insight to private training that my youngest is in desperate need of if he ever hopes to be socially acceptable, and some great toys for the felines. The staff was unbelievably nice, they have some truly unique items, and the prices range from "wow that's pretty cheap" to OMG do I dare?!!!This is a great option to the chains and big box stores, so grab your leash, wag that tail, and pad your way on down to the Noble Beast!!!
5	Noble Beast has a fantastic selection of super premium pet food.  It is one of the only places in town that sells Evo by Innova.  I also discovered "Sam's Yams" here, which my puppy absolutely loves.  The staff is extremely knowledgable about pet foods and super nice.  The only downside?  Too many cool things to buy your pet!  The last time I was in there I dropped $148 in about 10 minuted.  Ouch.  The dog is eating better than me.  I just had a bowl of cereal for dinner.
5	I'm glad to have a locally-owned pet store in the neighborhood.  We went in here looking for something for our new kitty to scratch, and received great service.  As other people have said, they have a great selection of natural and organic pet food, toys, etc.  It is a little pricy but I'm sure all of it is worth the money.
5	Best place in so many ways - great staff, great stock, great location, great shop - this is the only place we go for all our dog food/treats/supplements, etc.
4	Noble Beast is great because they carry the frou frou organic dog food (Canidae) that we feed our puppy. I never thought I'd be one of those people that gives their dog organic food...never did I think I would find myself on a website such as dogfoodanalysis.com. But alas, thanks to a friend of mine I am now enlightened to the world of pet nutrition. I actually don't think the Canidae is really that much more expensive than what you get at Petsmart. The 13 lbs bag is $22. I mean if I can spend $22 on an entree at a restaurant I can certainly spend it on food that will feed my dog for a month. They have a decent food selection, the organic toy and gift section is a little spartan. I'm deducting a star because of their hours. They are only open until 5pm on Saturdays and then closed on Sundays and Mondays. If you are going to be closed two days in a row you shouldn't close early the last day you are open.
5	I was just at Noble Beast this afternoon and I saw that they have changed their hours- they are now open on Mondays!
5	Noble Beast is great.  The owners are really nice and always seem to do their best to be personable, even when they are busy.The prices are reasonable, they always have cute toys and other little gifty items for your pets, and they really participate in the community - especially in trying to find homes for pets in need.Definitely worth checking out.  Also, they carry a line of dog food that is truly the very best, and it's made here in Arizona.  It's called Azmira.  Our dog eats it and she is totally lean and healthy.
5	If you have a pet, you should be at the Noble Beast.My poor dog has been suffering from severe allergies for years and nothing seemed to work. We spent thousands on test, treatments and yuppy dog food trying to just help the poor thing from chewing herself to death. On my last glimmer of hope I stopped by the Noble Beast and felt an instant sigh of relief. This (kind of cute) guy with a pony tail was more than happy  to help me and starting giving me options within minutes. He took a good look at my dogs allergy report and explained why she should or shouldn't eat certain things. I ended up buying a Venison and Sweet Potato food for my dog and within in 2 weeks the redness cleared up and the chewing stopped by 50%. I couldn't believe it.I have been a faithful customer since!
4	Very friendly staff.  Close to home.  They sell Canidae at a great price.  Their toys and other stuff are a bit expensive, though.
4	I don't know how this is possible, but I had no idea this place even existed, and we drive down Camelback all the time!  We stopped by today because there was a bit of a fundraiser/ice cream social going on for Arizona Rescue and I can't resist an opportunity to indulge my Monstah and to support a good cause.  Plus, the dog needed some food and I was hoping they carried it.  Thankfully they do carry the wellness line of dog food so I was happy.  The staff was all friendly and not at all salesman-like.  The prices are fair and they have a small but comprehensive selection of toys.  I quite liked this store and I think I will go in again on a less busy day to check it out a little more.  The Monstah gives it 4 paws up.
4	I seriously didn't know this place existed.  Glad I found it though.  They have Wellness dog food and they are on the opposite side of town from Wag N Wash so they give me a backup place to go when we're low on food.  Gotta love convenience.The toy selection is a little sparse which is too bad but they have quality products instead of quantity.  They have lots of top quality food and the layout is great (especially if your dog is pulling you around the store).I still like Wag N Wash better just because I can get my dog a bath, get him toys, and get his food all in one trip but for the times when I just need to get food I will remember Noble Beast.
4	I like this place. The staff is very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. Its the only place in central Phoenix that has the cat and dog food we use.
5	This place is awesome! I've been looking for a local place to buy quality food and they have all the good brands. I picked up cans of Wellness for less than I had previously paid at Petco. I also got some nice samples of treats that my girl Clementine is really loving.  One of the owners was helping me while I was there and she couldn't have been nicer!
2	i've been in here twice, hoping to pick up a new toy, treat, or accessory for my prized pooch, but i never seem to leave with anything. i find the collars and leashes to be nothing more than ordinary, and if they happen to have something glitzy, it's marked up beyond belief. as are most of their treats and toys. i can purchase most of what they sell here at ryans pet supply for half the price. they do have a large selection of natural and organic and all that "non-processed" healthy food/snacks for your dog, but i tried giving kinsey some all natural dog treats and she threw them up two minutes later. so much for trying to be trendy and organic. i'm assuming it's gay-owned because of the assortment of rainbow stickers on the door, so i'll give them cool points for that. but i just can't get over how overpriced everything is, and what little they actually have to offer.
4	After Oliver and Annie closed I had to find a new place to buy my furry children some food. Noble Beast is a good replacement for O&A and I'm glad there is another wonderful, local pet store.The couple of times I have gone here the service is always great. Someone has always greeted me with a smile and I like that. They don't sell the cat food I had been feeding my cats, so I went with a new kind which I wasn't sure the cats would like (and they didn't), so the person working that day gave me a bunch of little samples to take home and I'm glad she did. I found a few in the bunch that the cats like to eat, so I'm feeding the cats Dick Van Patten's cat food. I guess after "Eight is Enough" the man needed something to do. Since I'm not big on stores like Petsmart, I'm happy that places like Noble Beast are around.
4	kinsey got a jew toy for the holiday today along with some dreidel treats. toy seems very sturdy and has a nice squeaker and she gobbled up the cookies. ben up front was super friendly. noble beast has reclaimed my patronization.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place.  The staff is great and very knowledgeable, they've helped us with a lot of questions we have about diet and pet allergies.  Plus, they support of one of our favorite charities too--AZ Rescue.
4	Petsmart is like shopping at WalMart... Do you grocery shop at WalMart?  If you do, then you probably feed your dog Gravy Train... im sure you and your family are healthy, fit and well adjusted.  Chances are you dont Yelp, so this isnt for you.   If you care about feeding your best friend a better meal, then check out Noble Beast.  This place has a great selection of awesome natural food and treats.  Unfortunately they dont carry the Organic Grain Free brand that i buy for my boy... Taste of the Wild.  They do have a bunch of other great brands though... i would recommend this joint, even though i cannot shop there. Word up...
4	Dropped in today for the first time...and can I say it's worth the drive?No attitude. No c*nty saleswomen like that OTHER PLACE THAT SHALL NOT BE MENTIONED.Cashier, sales people and customers were all so darn friendly and helpful I don't know what to say other than...YAY! I'll drive the 20 miles here to get my dog the food he needs.Buh-bye local business pet store that's closer to me and sells the same brand of food I buy for my dog...I'm a fan of the BEAST!
1	Noble Beast is a small store with limited products. They've got a ton of dog food but only a small wall of toys and a corner for bedding. If you're looking for pet food, chk out Pet Food Depot, if you're looking for dog toys/clothes/beds, chk out Petsmart. Overall, I don't recommend Noble Beast bcus I found nothing interesting and even if I did, it'd be overpriced. I would give this a half star if I could...and only bcus they have a parking lot.
5	I'm disappointed in the poor reviewers' comments, as those people are obviously not understanding what kind of place Noble Beast is, and the purpose of it.  This is not Petsmart, which is exactly why we SHOULD be going to this store.  Helping a locally owned store that sells high quality, natural products is a GOOD thing!  Of course, they won't have the selection you get at a chain store, so you can't expect to come in for "specific" items (per review from yelp reviewer M E.), but you come to this store for the quality, friendly/helpful staff, and local connections they have.  If you call ahead, sometimes they can order things for you and let you know when the items arrive.  I called to see if they would even return an opened bag of expensive dog food, and they said YES!  They donate to local shelters, which is such a great thing.  The staff is SO friendly AND knowledgable...not rude at all, ever (per review from yelp reviewer Calder C) !  I've met at least 3 different people that work there, now - all passionate animal loving people. And, they have samples, which I love, too.  I highly recommend this place to those of you "green," local friendly, natural food goers.
4	They have good local treats and the staff has always been good to me.
5	I LOVE Noble Beast! If you have a dog who eviscerates normal toys, check out the deer antlers...they last forever, don't make a mess and are only taken when naturally shed so they're cruelty free.  They also have tons of natural and organic food options and super cool collars and leashes. Phoenix needs more places like this.
4	Only place in town (that I know of) that carries a particular brand of wipes that I need for my dog. I have a highly sensative pup that can only have his behind wiped with hypo-allergenic wipes (go-figure, but anything for my dog, right :) That being said the store focuses on healthy foods and treats, suppliments, and other care products that are eco-friendly. Makes you feel good shopping here and forking out that little extra bit of cash.The women I have found are more helpful then the man working here. Also, love how they decorate the store for the holiday's! And the toy selection is AWESOME!!!! You can find really great gifts here for your doggies.
5	I do love this store for its community spirit.  I've been to a couple of social events where two-leggeds were allowed to attend with their furry owners and everyone was very well-behaved.  At the ice cream social they even had treats for the humans so they wouldn't keep begging for the tail wagging sweet potato ice cream,,,begging in public can be so annoying!The owners also do a lot of animal rescue support, including offering cat food from bags inadvertently ripped during shipping to neighbors caring for feral communities.Just a great all-around store where everyone of every species feels immediately welcome.
5	This local pet boutique is a charm and a breath of fresh air from the big pet stores. Noble Beast carries the best pet food available along with high quality toys, bedding, carriers and treats. The staff is friendly and willing to special order any item for you. The store is doggon cute...so you immediately step into a fun environment when entering the store. They also support the Rescue group, have special activities for your four legged friends, and always try to make your experience in their store a good one.
5	Today was the first time I shopped at Noble Beast.  The employees' were very welcoming and extremely helpful.  They definitely know the products they carry and the pricing for dog food was very reasonable.
2	This place is such a hit or miss. I try to go here just to support local business but some days I walk in there and get great customer service and some days I don't. It's really upsetting because my dog eats special food. So when some cashier is being snotty with me telling me I need to call days and days ahead to make sure they get the food when I'm explaining I've never come in and it not be here, and her just brush me off is disconcerting. But I'm constantly going in for stuff and having to come back because they don't have it. The staff is sub par to say the least and I feel I know way more about all their brands then they do. I regret to say it but I'll have to go elsewhere even if that means driving far.
4	One day I wandered into Noble Beast, and discovered an okay selection of items for the mittened kittens, Bic and Sharpie. Not as many items as dog items, and some work definitely still needs to be done in the way of cute cat items, but I did find some pure gems. The first were some pretty healthy treats that they always seem to devour. The second were these lovely felt pieces to be used as toys on tile and hardwood floors. I also think they were laced with catnip. Holy bat shit batman!! Those little toys spun so fast across the house that Bic and Sharpie didn't know what to do. They were going crazy. It is so awesome to see them get so much delight and challenge out of such a simple toy. This is usually one of the first local stores I head to for new kitten gear. After that, I resort to looking online.
4	I try to eat as healthy as I can and specifically avoid over-processed junk - so I feel that it is only fair to do the same for my pets!  Noble Beast has a fantastic selection of natural pet foods for both doggies and kittys.  Their prices are cheaper than other local pet suppliers and they even have a little reward program where you earn $10 off for every $300 spent - with three furry friends at home, that adds up! The staff here is always a great help and will special order any food that they don't have in stock.
4	My dog has a sensitive stomach and has to eat natural stuff. Is it a pain in the booty? Yes. Does my dog eat better than I do every month? Sadly, since after paying big bucks for her food I'm usually stuck with McDonalds for a few days afterwords. But after going from pet store to feed tacks, this is the only place I've found so far that has the best pricing on my little spoiled turd/puppy's Canidae dry food. This is more of a food place, not much of a dog accessories or supply store. If you don't feed your dog any fancy stuff like human-grade food or canned squid, just go to your local Petsmart, but for natural food this is a convenient place to go. Could you find some dog treats on Amazon for cheaper? 90% of the time, yes, but if you need the food ASAP and are willing to pay $1-3 more than it usually would so you don't have to wait for it to ship out, this is a great local place to support.ALSO, they give out a ton of free samples for you to try out and being the secret cheap hoarder that I am, I always grab some for my dog to try. The staff are more than happy to give you a ton and explain to you the pros and cons of each.
5	Went in for the first time time today.  I was greeted as soon as I entered, by both human and canine staff (love that).  I was shown right where the food I had been searching all over town for was located, and chatted a bit. It was lovely experience and I will most assuredly be returning. My pups love the Honest Kitchen Preference, and it is hard to find in town. I am so happy I stumbled on this little gem of a store!
5	I've known about Noble Beast ever since they opened, but haven't had much occasion to shop there.  This recently changed.  My 11-year-old golden retriever has been experiencing digestive issues for months.  I have been making her homemade food with chicken, brown rice, kale, yams, etc., but I long for the simplicity of feeding her kibble again.  I went to the Certified Local Festival recently, and the shop had a booth there.  They were very generous with samples, and I found a kibble Tallullah seemed to be able to tolerate.  I went to the shop a week later, coudln't remember the name of the food, but a very comely young lad steered me in the right direction!  We found a grain-free kibble that works for my dog.  Noble Beast also has a loyalty program, and you don't need to carry another wallet-busting card to take advantage of it.  The service is great, and the atmosphere is wonderful.
5	I am so glad I discovered this place and have been coming here for the past several months. This is the best place for organic chicken feed, and we're not talking about that gray stuff from Cargill (Nutrena). Every time I come here, they are very friendly and introduce me to a new product with a sample. Because of that, I now use a natural dog supplement that is also encouraging my finicky yorkies to eat voraciously. Thanks!
5	This is a great pet store! They are very friendly and helpful and if they don't have the food you're looking for, they will order it for you and have it within a couple days. Their prices are also MUCH cheaper than other pet stores in the area who carry the same brands.
5	"shopping healthy and local is more expensive" is a myth--even when talking about our four-legged friends-- and Noble Beast proves it. in addition to all-natural, quality health pet food/supplies that you will find for a lot more $ elsewhere they also have an honest, insanely helpful well-educated staff. it feels good to talk to people who take animals as seriously as i do without endorsing products with questionable ingredients and less-than-shady business practices. Giving your pet the best care possible while supporting a local business that won't break the bank... it's win-win for everyone!
5	This is where I always go to pick up my cats' food due to their wide selection of high quality cat food. Once I sent my boyfriend to pick up the cats' food, but the specific type we usually get was no longer being made with the same ingredients as before. They were knowledgable enough to help him select a high quality alternative... which is now our regular food!
5	Very nice store, owner gives it a lot of love. Found the natural balance food I buy my dog for the same price as petco. Really awesome creative well priced pet toys and great customer service. Loved it, I will be back!
5	I won't buy my dog food anywhere else!  They are a small, family-run store with EVERYTHING you need for your pets!  Super friendly, reasonable prices...and they'll share a coupon willingly!I recently saw a sign for doggie teeth cleaning where they don't sedate your pet.  I'm looking forward to trying this service.
5	I joke that my dog has a better life than I do - she has health insurance, she eats organic food, and gets groomed about once a month. So only the best for this puppy. Thus  only going to the best pet store. Noble beast has super friendly staff and arguably the best prices as well!! My dog eats Fromm dog food - a bag of 4lbs here was only $14 here (whereas pet choice marketplace was $23!!! ) Essentially $10 difference!! Are you kidding me? They seem to have a good assortment of food, snacks and toys. Helpful and friendly staff. Give it a try!
5	I am really impressed with this store! I avoided this place for a while because I thought everything would be (Biltmore) overpriced, it's not!They have a great selection of things for a fairly small store. I loved the toys, they are the same price (if not cheaper) than the big department stores, and they're clever! I bought a ball stuffed with little balls (only a few with squeakers) that can be pulled out through a slit on the side. My dog LOVES it, it's like she gets to tear the stuffing out over and over, genius and only $15! They had these cute small rope toys for under $10, one was a penguin! They would probably make great gifts to pet lovers. Lots of different foods and treats for cats/dogs and birds. I think they even had larger animal feed, but I could be wrong.The owner/cashier was really friendly and gave us some free local chicken jerky treats for our dog. I found the same pet food I buy at Petco for a $3 difference $57 vs $60. I don't mind paying a little extra to support a well done local business.
5	I love this place.  It is cute, the people are nice and they have organic chicken feed.  And they have other pet food,  cute items, and today, mealworms.  Yeah, gross to us, yummy to chickens!
5	I LOVE this store! My dog is on a grain and poultry free diet and there are so many options here for food that will work for her. The people who work here are always friendly and offer suggestions on products when I have questions. The prices are great for a small locally owned store. I won't go anywhere else. They also started local bike delivery for $5 in the area. I think on Tuesday and Thursday.
5	Large selection, reasonable prices, extremely helpful and friendly staff...this place has it all.
5	I have done extensive research regarding nutrition for my pug and cats and NB has all the best brands (we love fromms and natural balance) at the best food prices in town. They can articulate the major differences in all the brands, and are happy to special order products for you. This is my go-to place for products and information.
