5	Used to be called Pat Thai. I enjoy everything I try here. My usual order is yellow curry or their delicious Pumpkin curry! You can't go wrong with their Pad Thai either!
3	Although the place is under new management now, I recall coming to this place when it was Pat Thai and not feeling like it stood out. It still really doesn't to me. I had the chicken cashew and chicken satay. Both were legit, but I'm not over the moon about it. The chicken cashew didn't have very good quality chicken and was packed full of veggies that I don't care for. Baby corns. Who eats baby corns? Not my fave, but I have to give them props on the thai tea. It was legit.
4	Order the Tom Ka Gai, wich is the coconut soup. It is delicious. I also always order the beef salad. In fact I always order the same items when I go there.
5	Very tasty! I ordered the Pineapple Curry with 3 on the spice scale. Came out perfect! Just Spicy enough to leave a tingle on my tongue (and a slightly runny nose!). Hole in the wall places really are the best! I found new favorite place when I'm craving non-traditional food!
5	This is easily the best Thai place I've found in the LV area. Ordered the Pad Thai, and my wife got the Spicy Basil.  Service was good, and the food is to die (or kill) for.  Definitely looking forward to a return visit.
3	I wanted I try this place as I got their low priced menu in the menu and more importantly I wanted to try something other than my fav place Siri Thai!  1.  I was impressed that the first part of the menu had steamed fish with ginger and onions. Very hard to find I. The burbs! -  4 star2.  There is a great combination of Thai food and also chinese food, so a nice flexible menu.  Let's face it, some are turned off by the heat / spice of the Thai food. - 4 star3.  Service - Very nice and family style - 4 star4.  Ambiance - New, low light, clean, plenty of room. Tables kinda small. That made it a bit uncomfortable.  Nowhere to put all the stuff like your keys, glasses, phone and all.  OK, I guess I have to buy a man purse? Overall very nice. 3 star5.  Food - Not bad at all.  I would say that it is pretty darn good, perhaps not exactly memorable, but just pretty good.  I will be going back to try more.-  3  starGK says, I am going back to this place to try out the diverse menu a bit.  Just right now cannot think of anything that is like calling my name....
4	I found myself in the area with some time to kill while I waited for my car to be detailed and decided to go on a walkabout in search of some late lunch.  After passing both a Vietnamese restaurant and a Japanese one I found Thai Thai and decided to give it a try.  Entering, I was immediately impressed with the appearance.  It was clean and orderly.At the recommendation of the waitress (who I later came to suspect is co-owner/owner's wife), I ordered beef kung pao.  Just as she was about to put my order on the table she said "uh oh."  The dish had been made with chicken instead of beef.  I said it was just fine as I really did prefer the chicken (for lunch) and it would go better with the glass of Chardonnay I had ordered.I am no critic of either Thai or food in general, but my kung pao tasted pretty darn good to me!  Just the right combination of tender chicken, vegetables, peanuts, and a tasty (not too spicy - at my request) sauce.  Served with rice, it made the perfect lunch.When presented with the check the waitress said she had taken off twenty percent of the bill.  (Don't know why but I presume because my dish had not been made as ordered.)  Didn't really matter to me though as I left the $20 as planned.  But it was a nice and thoughtful addition (or subtraction!).I don't know that I would drive all the way across town to visit Thai Thai again.  But if you are in the area, I recommend.  They seem to be nice people.  I wish them well.
4	Was craving Thai and decided to try this (right next to Meat and Three) ...Tom Kha was good, loved the broth but the shrimps were funky textured so chose not to eat them. My 8 year old had the pineapple fried rice which she devoured and ate the leftovers for dinner the next night...Hubby had the Massamon Curry which he liked better than Pin Kaow which was very surprising!We also had the appetizers combo which was good...Portions were huge and tasty!
5	Formerly Pat Thai...still the best Thai food in Henderson hands down! In fact, it's my favorite in the entire valley. Great place to get real authentic cuisine in an establishment offering that "mom & pop" feel...
5	Thai Thai Restaurent is the best kept secret in the Las Vegas area.  It has a ridiculous name, a terrible location in a half leased strip center off of Eastern and no signage.  Yet it has the most authentic and delicious Thai food I have eaten in the U.S.  I have had the forturne of travelling to Thailand every year for the past ten years and I must say spare yourself the trip if you are searching for authentic Thai food, Thai Thai Restaurant has it.  Their entire menu is delicious.  One caveat, they will ask you how spicy you would like your food on a scale of one to five, with five being the hottest.  My cousin and I thought would we go mild, so we ordered a two.  Wrong!! Two is quite spicy and I like spicy food.  I have no idea nor the desire to try a four or five.  The prices are very reasonable and if you go on their website, they usually have some sort of promotion.  Although receiving rave reviews in the Las Vegas Review Journal, this restaurant still seems to be an undiscovered gem!!!
5	Hands down the best Thai food in the valley! I worked at one of the best Thai restaurants back home on Guam so it's been quite a journey to find a place that can even begin to compare. Their curry was without a doubt delectable and after speaking with the owner it was confirmed that it's all about the coconut milk. The service was AWESOME as well! I have definitely found my go to spot for Thai food. Can't wait to try everything else on the menu. =)
5	Yay Thai Thai for Valentines! The service was great and so considerate. This place is friendly for vegetarians and they are flexible with their dishes. They even gave us a valentines coconut ice cream dessert, really hit the spot. 10% off for paying in cash.
2	The food wasn't very memorable to me at all. I had the yellow curry but honestly nothing really stands out. There are so many better Thai restaurants in the area. Just a few that come to mind are Siri, Pin Kaow, and Naga.What I do remember is how cold it was in there. Really can't see myself coming back. There are just better options.
2	A great spot for lunch if you're in the area! Located in the shopping center on the corner of Eastern and Sunridge Heights near other wonderful establishments. Their lunch specials are an amazing deal! For $6.95 you receive a bowl of their Soup of the Day, a small salad with choice of dressing, Crispy Roll, and choice of entree. So, lots of food for $7? Yeah. If you're really hungry, they have another lunch special for $9.95 that includes a couple additional items.We had their Cucumber Soup and It tasty and refreshing! The salad was fresh and I loved the peanut dressing (basically their peanut sauce that would typically accompany satay, which I am addicted to) on it! The Crispy Roll was a fresh and very crispy spring/vegetable roll. For my entree, I chose the Tofu Pad Thai (with level 3 spicy, out of 5). The tofu was fried, not my favorite preparation, but at least it was nicely cooked. The noodles were well-flavored, but overcooked and not my favorite version of the dish. Level 3 was a bit spicy for me, so it was difficult to eat - I'm definitely going with level 2 next time.Overall, it's not my favorite Thai food in town. It wasn't horrendous and for all the other reasons (insanely cheap!), it might be enticing to return. Service was wonderful and if you pay with cash, they offer 10% off your bill!
4	Was wondering what to eat for lunch one day and was suggested I try Thai Thai.  It's a newer Thai restaurant located at the corner of Sunridge Heights and Eastern, in Henderson, NV.Ordered 2 different lunch specials, yellow curry with tofu, and red curry with chicken (medium spiciness).  Both curries were exceptionally made but the red curry was so delicious, it had just the perfect amount of spiciness with each bite.  The $6.95 lunch special came with rice, a salad, egg roll, and supposedly a free drink.We had ordered take-out and the drinks were not packaged with the rest of the meal.  A slight disappointment but not something that would prevent me from coming back again to try other dishes.Will be back for sure to dine-in and see what else this restaurant has to offer.  In my book its off to a good start in an area deficient of good asian restaurants.
3	Today I learned just how deep being mediocre can be. It seemed everything here was exactly that, to such a degree any further usage of the word "mediocre" will be lacking.The food is bland but cheap, so it's ok. The service is present but not attentive. The place is clean but not inviting or enjoyable. It's certainly a cheap lunch spot with ample seating, but I can't imagine thinking that this would be the place to go for Thai food. Just head north and have a better experience!The soup set the tone. Cucumber and egg in a clear broth, through and through devoid of any real flavor. The yellow curry I had was unremarkable in flavor or texture, not very spicy even though it was 5*. The pad kee mao was also wholly unremarkable.In fact, the only thing remarkable about the place is how consistently they were unremarkable in all categories.With the price, it's hard to complain. If it were a dollar more, I'd give it two stars. I'm still tempted to give it two stars just to offset the rating, but three is more fair. I can't imagine I'll return, as I have to drive past several other good options on the way there.
1	DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY FROM HERE!  Ordered and waited 2 hours before it was confirmed they were not bringing the food. At 40 mins was told a driver was 10 mins away and again at an 1 hour 15.  Never ever had service that bad.
1	NASTY NASTY NASTY!!! don't order the coconut shrimp, there is no coconut!!! It's just breaded shrimp!! The duck curry is watery, and the green curry tastes like an old man!!! Eww I added scallops, bad move!!! Rubber!! For $11!!! And its pretty hard to mess up crab Rangoon, they did!! Tastes like undercooked wonton wrapper... I wasted $70!!!
5	Thai Thai is the best Thai in Henderson and I've had them all since its my favorite food. The curry is awesome...my personal favorite, but every dish I've had there is great. They have killer lunch specials and give a cash discount. I used to hit all the usual thai places but since finding Thai Thai never go anywhere else. It's behind Osaka and a couple doors down from Bread and Butter. Definitely check this place out if you are a thai food addict like me.
4	The food at Thai Thai is good across the board, although I don't think anything is great.  The one thing that pushes this restaurant up to four stars is that they aren't afraid to play kill the white boy while spicing up their dishes.  Medium spicy gets a nice sheen going on your forehead and going full Thai hot causes sweet, endorphin-pumping discomfort.  Service is very attentive, although I have never seen the restaurant slammed.  If you are in Anthem and don't feel like making the drive to Pin Kaow or Naga, it is an excellent choice.
5	As a lover of quality foods and flavors, I was happily surprised to find this place. Good service and clean dining room. Then the food- Perfect Massaman Curry and Shrimp Pad Thai. Large portions at fair prices. Mango with sticky rice dessert was just right! We will drive to dine here and wish them great success! A+
4	The go-to spot when we're craving Thai food.  Good food, fair prices (discount if you pay by cash). Nice clean and quiet restaurant. We usually order Pad Thai, Pad Se Ew, Crab Fried Rice, Satay and Fried Tofu. It may not be as "fancy" as the other Thai restaurants out there, but their food is good and gets the job done.
1	Well, I'm really disappointed to post this, but Thai Thai is now under new management.  I printed out an online coupon, and presented it before ordering.  I was told that the coupon would not be honored, even though it's expiration date was still six weeks away.  Next, I tried to order my favorite dish, which was still on the menu, and was told that it was not available.  It seems that things have gone downhill with the new management, and now I won't be returning to my old favorite restaurant for Thai food.  Truly disappointed.
2	This place is listed on yelp twice under Thai Thai Restaurant & Thai Thai.  I unfortunately found it first under Thai Thai Restaurant which had them at 5 stars...the other listing is at 3.5 stars.We went in for lunch today & will not be going back as Pin Kaow 3 down on Eastern is a better option.  We were the only ones in the restaurant.  A couple with a baby showed up later after we finished our meal...no one else.I got the Spicy Basil with Beef & she got the Sweet & Sour Chicken lunch special.  Spice ratings are 1-5, I went with a 3, she went with a 2.  Our vegetable only Tom Yum soup arrives first.  It has got a fair amount of veggies in it.  It's sweet, not hot & sour like I'm accustomed to.  The salads come out & I pick out 4 wilted pieces of lettuce.  There is hardly any peanut dressing on it.  The eggrolls are nothing special & could pass for frozen.  There is little to no dipping sauce for them.My "Spicy" Basil dish is lacking in spice & basil.  It would've been more appropriate to call it Salty Beef with 2 Basil Leaves.  It was fairly oily, I chalk that up to low quality ground beef being utilized.  I had to ask for hot sauce/chili flakes as the spice level was more like a 1/2-1...not 3.  This was the blandest (minus the salt) example of the dish I've had anywhere.Her Sweet & Sour Chicken on the other hand is more like a Spicy & Sour Chicken...lot's of heat.  Too much for her actually.  She wasn't able to finish it due to it being spicier than what she is comfortable with.  Maybe the chef got our 2s & 3s mixed up?Also, their website which is linked on yelp apparently isn't theirs (anymore).  They won't honor some things on it such as a Thai Coffee or Thai Ice tea coming with your lunch special for $1 more.  There is a 10% discount if you pay with cash.  I had none, so I payed with a debit card.  When the waitress returned with the bill & my card, she neglected to give me a pen...a great way to end our lunch.Looks like this place has had a name change as well as management change in the last 6 months alone.  They need to change the quality of the food if they want to stick around.
5	Food is awesome!!!  We ordered lunch special, salad, soup, small appetizers and main menu.  Cheap and delicious.  We'll come back again!
1	My hopes were high when reading some of the reviews posted below.Food Quality:  Marginal / Fair at bestService: Slow and a total inability to communicate at any level. I was amazed by how long people getting "to go" orders had to wait for their food. Even the service at our own table was shoddy.Ambience: Needs vast improvementPrices: Not outrageous, but simply not justified by the service, ambience or food quality.Likelihood I would return?  10-15%. Maybe with a 75% off coupon.
5	This place is phenomenal. Went here on a whim after a hike and stumbled upon this gem. This might be the best Thai food I've ever had. Ordered the Massamon Curry and the Beef Pad See Ew. Also tried the Pad Thai, Panang Curry, and the House Fried Rice. Everything was DELICIOUS. Seriously. The curry was super flavorful, the noodles were chewy and yummy, and everything had the perfect amount of heat. I'd recommend the Massamon Curry and the Pad See Ew forsure. The portions are huge too!Definitely a little hole-in-the-wall place that serves amazing Thai food. Don't miss out on this place.
2	Food was ok, I had better.  I had their lunch special which is overly priced and not updated on their menu.  Their large chicken satay appetizer was overly cooked.  $13 lunch special was not worth it.  Definitely would not go back.
5	I ordered Beef jerky  for appetizer, beef noodles soup and chicken kra pow for entrees. Beef jerky is lean and well seasoned (some thai beef jerky can come with a lot of fat). Noodles soup was awesome. Chicken kra pow (chicken chilli mint) was tasty. I am thai and I don't like my thai food sweetened.  The chef is very accommodating to my preference.
4	First off this place was good, now there is a new owner / chef and it is even better. Curries and Soups and are amazing the best and most flavorful better than Lotus for the usual suspects. Place is the best in town for regular thai food, as in you won't find anything here you never heard of.. BIGGEST complaint no more stuffed chicken wing! And why is there no crispy rice salad??? Anyways I eat here at least one time a week.
5	A wonderful little place I've been so lucky to go to.  The staff is wonderful and the food is excellent.  I always get the Pad Thai and Tom Kha Soup.  Great and quiet atmosphere, especially after dark.  Couldn't be happier with Thai Thai!
4	I ordered the Chinese orange chicken lunch special with fried rice and house dressing on my salad. The dressing was really good!! Taste like coconut! The orange sauce for the chicken was very orange tasting. The fried rice was flavorful.
2	We picked up some combination pad Thai on our way home tonight and it was super disappointing. No peanuts, no lime, bright orange sauce, almost no bean sprouts, lukewarm. My boyfriend isn't crazy about spice so we went with a level 2 heat which was more like what I would expect from a 3+ level and was definitely pushing his limits. Definitely won't be going back.
4	Its the best and  cheap thai restaurant near my house. It's usually my go to place for take out. They have many different items on their menu, but the I love their pineapple curry or spicy basil leaf chicken. Each item is around $10 and you will always have left overs for next day. They can make the food very spicy based on your pallet. I've also noticed that they have good lunch specials, which include salad, half-entree and a spring roll. Service could use a little bit of improvement, but overall its excellent. (Score: 4/5)
4	If you're looking for tasty but cheap Thai food, this is the place to go on the southeast side of town. Their prices are a lot cheaper compared to other popular Thai restaurants around (ex: pin kaow). It's located near bread and butter. They give large portions and I have yet to be disappointed in anything I have ordered. The service is so-so. I order take out a lot and I can tell the person who usually answers the phone can't speak English very well so it can be a little tough to get through my order. It's also why I don't bother doing delivery. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is because they've messed up on a few orders before on which spice level goes with which order. So it can be a bummer for someone like me who loves to get it extremely spicy and I get a dish that's at most a spicy #1-2. Their lunch specials in the restaurant is completely worth getting though. They give you a ton of extra stuff on the side for so cheap. If you're on the southeast side, give it a try for yourself.
4	REALLY good Thai in Henderson!  Thanks to my friend Jared for telling me about it.  Cheap and fast. It's a tiny place, but the curry is SO good!  They do the spice level on 1-5.  Order one level lower than you think.  Trust me.  I likey the spicy and a 3 was PLENTY for me.  My wife likes mild and a 1 was too much for her.  Gonna try to get her a zero next time.  The server was lovely and kind.  The food was GRADE A!  Just go already!  Oh yeah, 10% cash discount.  Golden!
4	My favorite for lunch.The server is fabulous really knowledgeable. The food is great. The prices are reasonable. They have specials where you could combine their different entrees so you could actually taste and create an astounding meal for less than 10 dollars. It is always clean.
2	Very average Thai meal - if i lived down across the street i'm not sure if i would frequent this place.   I feel you can pay cheaper, go to an Archi's and get better.We ordered a Thai BBQ chicken which was was dry and lacked flavor.  I think if i google'd a Thai BBQ chicken recipe and attempted to cook it myself, it would turn out better.....and i don't cook......at allThe rest of the dishes were decent.   It was edible.  But with so many other options in this area, you're better off somewhere else or if you're really craving Thai you can do much better.
1	What is up with all the hype? It definitely was not all it was cracked out to be. First and foremost when we get there, there was hardly any customers and the server could not even greet us or get us seated? I think the menu was a bit pricy and when we got the food, it wasn't great, i would rate it at barely edible...not even worth taking it home in a doggy bag. If you are craving thai food, you are better off hauling your stomach to Pin Kaow or Archies, better atmosphere, better service, better food. Sorry... I just have to be brutally honest.
4	This place is very close from my house.We've been many times.We like to go for lunch.It's reasonable and good enough to come back.We tried many dishes in the past and most are tasty.
4	Thought the food was great, but service was terrible! There were only 3 tables, one guy, on a Wednesday and everything took forever! We both had curry- yum, and spring rolls as an appetizer- also yum. I hope they add more staff and update and clean the bathrooms.
4	This place made me a fan of Thai food. It is sort of "hit & miss", with the service, though. Seems like each server is different, each time.. Cannot beat the lunch special- salad, appetizer, soup & entree?! Definitely will have left overs to take home. Pad Thai & Thai tea is my favorite, there. Ok, so I love hot & spicy food... Warning! Don't go over a "spicy level" 3, its plenty! Good, quite, little place in Henderson. 10% discount for cash!
5	Their food is great as well as their service. The food is authentic, the waiters are very friendly. Service is reasonable but a little on the slow side, however it is a nice way to unwind after a day of work. I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone in the area.
5	We love love LOVE Thai food. This place delivers every time. Every single time. The curry is crazy good! The spice and flavors are magnificent all the times we order. We love the soups, the red curry and the crab ragoon!!! This place is AMAZING!!!! Try it, you won't regret it!! So good.....
5	I can say for certain that Thai Thai has definitely fixed any minor issues I had before. It has gotten so much better that I don't go anywhere else for Thai! There's really no point because not only is the food always fresh and tasty, but they haven't messed up an order in who knows how long. The person who answers the phone now speaks English just fine and they're always pleasant. They even remember my husband. Most of the dishes are roughly $8-9, depending on what meat you choose.TIP: if you order over $20 worth of food they give free egg rolls. Over $40 they give an entire box of free chicken fried rice that actually tastes really good. Over $50 they give you a free order of shrimp tempura. I also believe that if you pay cash they take 10% off (not certain since I always use a card).
5	I just moved to this side of town and have been looking for a good Thai place as I found it. It wasn't very busy when I went and it should be! The restaurant is tucked away off eastern, it is clean, small, and nicely decorated. The owner and chef and staff were very friendly and even brought me water as I waited for my carry out order. The food was delicious and rich. Great portions. Better than either of the other 2 Thai places on Eastern! Check this place out and get these awesome guys some business!
4	This place is yummy. The lunch specials are awesome, and even dinner is very reasonable. The panang curry and larb salad are my favorites. I'll definitely be adding this to my list of Thai restaurants.
5	First of all, I'm Thai.  I've been living in Vegas/Henderson over the past 15 years and  been to my fair share of Thai restaurants all over town.  I can honestly say Thai Thai is hands down the best one I've been to.  I love everything they do here.  Food is exceptionally well prepared.  It's not greasy and over seasoned yet still flavorful.  The ingredients are fresh and authentic.   I ordered spicy soft shell crab ssalad and it was heaven on a plate. Shrimp Pad Thai and Pad Se Eiw were done to perfection just like they are in Thailand.   The place is rather small but welcoming, clean, and cozy.  The service is conscientious and prompt.  The owners are always very nice and accommodating to our requests.  This place is a MUST and deserves a 5/5 rating.  A must try in Las Vegas/Henderson
5	Their lunch special is legit, prices and service are excellent! My favorite place to recharge on some really good food when out running errands.
1	This place is absolutely disgusting.My husband and I ordered from them this evening. We used to love their food but the last 2 times have been bad, and tonight we're done.First of all, I love spicy, but both tonight and last time I ordered, the food was inedible. Spicy should still have flavor, not burn my mouth off. Thai is one of my favorite cuisines, and not once have I ever felt like I couldn't handle spice. Second, after a few bites, I noticed that all throughout my dish this evening was hair. Not a little, but lots of tiny hairs all over my food. This disgusted me so much that it made me really ill. My husband called and demanded a refund, and the manager refused to do anything unless we take the food THAT WAS ALREADY IN OUR GARBAGE and give it back to them. Why? So you can give it to someone else?! I've ordered here before, I'm not trying to steal your hairy food.Needless to say, this place wasn't great to begin with, but now I for sure will not go back and am strongly considering filing a complaint with the Board of Health.
1	This place has gone down hill. The food is greasy now and does not taste fresh. I also found a rock in my egg roll. Disgusting. Also the last two times I ordered takeout they gave me the wrong food. I will not go back here any time soon.
4	Big fan of this Thai restaurant.  The only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the incredibly slow delivery time of the food.  Otherwise I would highly recommend this place!The beef salad and papaya salad are exceptional.  I always get it at the spiciest setting and they never fail to deliver an incredible dish.  I dare say... This may be the best thai place in town.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant!  The food is so delicious.  The restaurants is so clean and so inviting as well as the staff.Everything on the menu is perfectly prepared. My compliments to the chef and the staff!
5	The best thai food in Henderson!! Haven't tasted food this good since leaving Seattle!! The best peanut sauce!!
1	Service has gone way downhill. The food is just ordinary where it used to be outstanding. Delivery used to be rather quick and now it's an abnormally long wait.
5	This restaurant is amazing. Pack with food quality and quantity with affordable price. We really love the specials menu with 1. Salad. 2. Soup 3. Appetizer 4. Main course. Depending on what meat you get the price start from $ 9.95 - $ 12.95. If you have time and want to try authentic food. Please come here!!!!
2	Now that  this restaurant has been under new management, I will never go again. My last few experiences were horrible. I tried to give the benefit of the doubt & let the "kinks" get worked out...but when were charged for items we ordered, but never received, they sealed their own fate. When we brought it to the woman's attention-- she said "That's impossible!" & argued with us for 10 minutes.. She never refunded us, nor did she give us the items. SO WE WILL NEVER COME BACK; which is a shame, because we really liked it before...
3	Pretty decent thai food. Love the pumpkin curry... yum yum.But sometimes they are not consistent with taste especially with delivery.  :(
5	Officially our new favorite Thai restaurant in Henderson/Vegas. We've tried Lotus of Siam (what's all the hype about!?), Pin Kaow (both locations), Krung Siam, Gaati Thai, Siri Thai, Kung Fu, and Archi's. We always order the same thing everywhere we go, so I'm comparing apples to apples...or Pad Thai and Yellow Curry with chicken :)Thai Thai is intimate and well-decorated. The service is always great and the portions are substantial. Whether you go at lunch or dinnertime, you won't leave hungry! We rarely order dessert at restaurants, but the sticky rice with coconut ice cream is crazy good. We've been about 6-7 times now, and the food and service have been consistently good. Highly recommend!
4	Had the green chicken curry. Ordered it medium & that was the perfect amount of spice. The actual chicken was skimpy as well as the side of rice.
5	My favorite Thai restaurant, flavored food, impeccably clean. The place may be small, but warm/cozy and very welcoming. Very friendly humble service crowning best Thai food around. I discovered it just last week and I have been back for more already.I highly recommend it!
5	I am VERY impressed. Cannot wait to order here again.Order thru eat 24 .com, prices weren't amazing but I split a few things with a friend so it made it worth it. After I tried the food, it is so worth the cost.The food arrived 20 min before they said it would be which I thought was awesome!! Now the food omg, coconut shrimp was delicious, pad Thai medium  and the egg rolls were the best egg rolls over ever had, seriously. Totally recommend this place!
4	We love Thai Thai - the best Thai we've found in the Vegas area yet and super convenient for people who live in Henderson / Anthem Highlands.  The eggplant basil is really delicious and they give you free veggie spring rolls if you order takeout.  Be sure to take cash for the 10% discount!It's a small space, so not great for huge groups.  They can fit one, maybe two big groups in there, so be sure to call ahead of time if you have a lot of people with you.
