5	I went through the fast care at this location and it was great. I was In and Out. The doctors answer all your questions. They are very helpful if you come in with multiple problems. I came in for eczema and also left with an allergy shot.
4	Love this place!!!!Got my husband an appointment withing 3 days as opposed to another doctor who could not see either us until July...its April now.Everything is right at their facility from lab, X-ray to the doctors. All in one! There is agreat selection of doctors as well.Convenience and top notch customer care! Everyone was so friendly and professional.
1	Getting an appointment to see a specialist takes an act of congress - and we're all currently experiencing how difficult that is. Then, after finally getting approval to see a specialist, I was given an appointment six weeks out. After finally making it to my appointment, no worries, the numbness is still in my feet, the doctor treated me and told me to come back to see him if the treatment doesn't work in a few weeks. Three weeks later, the numbness is still there so I call for an appointment - a total of three phone calls and over 70 minutes on hold. I was actually told I had to go through my primary care physician AGAIN. Imagine that. Jump through more hoops AFTER I was already approved for the same condition. Needless to say, I fired the whole lot of them. Ridiculous way to run a business.
3	urgent care
2	Im doing this review solely on the emergence care....Umm NO!!!! The checkin process was amazing, fast and quick.The doctor that saw me was horrible, unfortunatly I cant nor do I want to go into details of the resaon for my visit, but lets just say this doctor did nothing for me.  Never asked any intro questions, never offered blood/urine tests (which I found out later, were 100% needed) made up some crazy diagnosis that had nothing to do with the problem at hand and sent me on my way with antibiotics.  Needless to say i will never go to this emergency care again!!! EVER!!!
5	Visited Radiology/Imaging Dept. Although the procedure itself was painful for me (due to extensive spine hardware), the young bearded gentleman (didn't tell me his name) who registered me was polite, efficient, and took precautions to preserve my privacy when another client came in and stood (within listening range), behind me, instead of behind the marked line where she belonged. I appreciated that.The wait for my imaging studies was brief. Then Laura, the radiology tech, came to the door & called me to come in. She gave clear & detailed instructions both prior to & following the studies. She was careful to protect my modesty, was professional, compassionate, and still efficient. She was kind and friendly. When you are in pain, these are things you really appreciate!This is the place to go for your Radiology/Imaging Study needs! Thank you to Laura & staff!In addition, they are open 7am-7pm!!! Awesome!
1	This is the worst medical office in the universe it should be shut down the way they treat patients they don't care i about their patients my 82-year-old father was trying to make an appointment for Endo chronology  he had a speakerphone one  1. 1/2  hrs before somebody answered after three times of being on hold for over an hour the other two times that s a total of 3 1/2 hrs He finally got through to someone and they refuse to make an appointment for him until they got the results from blood work -Bloodwork takes 24 to 48 hours to get the results back so why could he not make an appointment for a week  or 2 later?I my dad was so upset I had to drive from San Diego to Las Vegas to calm him down which I called Dr. Ryan  trans office spoke to his nurse Christina and told her what I did she promised to call me back on Monday and will have the doctor take care of it make the appointment for my father because she said he isn't at risk patient here we are five days later he still doesn't have an appointment and she never called me back I left another message on Wednesday the receptionist assured me she would give it to Christina because she was at lunch and she will call me back never happenedMy dad has a pacemaker and had a quadruple bypass and if anything happens to him over this I will hold them personally responsible they are causing stress! bottom line they do not care about their patients whether their patients live or die all they seem to care about is if they get the insurance money in my opinion!!
