4	This was once one of my favouite old man bars in Edinburgh. Rough around the edges, but always a good night to be had. The new owners have transformed the place for the better... part of me didnt want to like the refurb due to the volume of bars that are getting modernised at the moment, but I really do like this. The decor is contemporary with the usual exposed brick work and edison light bulbs, but there are a few unique features here and there that caught my eye. The layout of the bar has changed so now there is loads of space, new seating areas and the toilets dont fill me with fear any more... they reminded of that shower room in Saw without the guy chained to a pipe obviously. :DDrink selection is pretty good and they now do cocktails. One aspect I liked about this place was the staff and a few familiar faces are still around. One thing to look out for is the live music nights, these can be great fun and they still run them. look up the facebook page for pub quizes and live music nights. The music is normally open mic or similiar.All in - great bar, relaxed setting and friendly staff. I will be spending a few more evening here than I used to I recon..... one last thing they are starting to do food again. No menus available last night but I belive the kitchens opens from the 10th of January.
4	McSorley's is a total refurbishment of the bar formally known as McEwan's Ale House and then more recently Ale House. There is a new bar, new seating and new toilets. It is now a modern and bright bar, though some elements of it's past still remain.In terms of drink selection there is a decent range and they stock some of Heinekens more premium products including the newly released Three Hop from the Caledonian brewery. There is a decent spirit selection too, though the bottled beers are fairly standard fair. The prices are reasonable, about average for the area, so while it has a nice new finish there hasn't been a major price rise.They also still put on live music, which is a relief in a city which simply doesn't have much of a presence when it comes to the music scene.Put simply this is a decent bar, more suited to catering to the "Office" or "University" crowds than the old men who once propped up the bar.
5	Absolutely loved this place! It is now my go to pub in the city. Good atmosphere with comfy rustic seating that makes it easy to converse. Great food, well above classic pub fare with healthy servings (I suggest the chicken club with rocket salad and chip) The chips are the best I've had in Edinburgh so far. Really good cocktails (go for the mojito) with decent prices (half off cocktails for students, and a 2.50 pint). Staff were very friendly. Overall I was extremely impressed. Loved the setup and decorations, details down to even the mason jar and milk-bottle glasses they serve cocktails in makes for a great evening with friends.
2	There's nothing here to really make it either stand out or have it be the first place you'd think of for a pint on the south side of the city.The toilets are, it has to said, very nice indeed but that's hardly a reason to go somewhere for a drink. The bar interior's dark and plain & the selection behind the bar itself not very inspiring. I left half of my pint of Golden XPA as it didn't taste too good, the first time I've experienced such a thing in Edinburgh for quite a long time. Possibly it was a bad choice after drinking Stewarts before or it was in fact badly kept, either way it was another thing to put me off going back any time soon.
2	Okay been back several times since my first review and I am sorry but things arent great.- The beer on draught is kept badly, we had to leave 3 pints that were almost full. The beer and ciders have been getting worse over time and it is now really not acceptable.- The staff are really surly and sometimes just rude. There only a couple of them that seem to be ... well polite. Hence why the points above were left rather than returned. - They have a food menu now and it looks okay. Not much in the way of veggy options for the missus.. actually I don't think there were any. Decor wise stiil like this aspect. The place really benefitted from a clear up but all the things that were good about the ale house have now gone. I wont be back I recon with the volume of great pubs close by.
