1	Steer clear of Matt who will tell you anything to make a sale. Got 3 phones here at different times and had nothing but problems. Idiots in activation even gave me phone numbers for COLORADO! Why in the world would I need a CO # when I live in Vegas? They refused to change numbers for 3 weeks then wanted to charge me $15 per line to fix their screw up! They put me on the wrong plan and I spent about 40 hours on the phone trying to reach a customer service agent located in America. I have nothing good to report except Heather the manager gave me a $25 credit but that's not nearly enough to compensate me for the aggravation and overall BS in dealing with rude and incompetent customer service. When my contract ends I'm going to Disney World!
1	Oh Em Gee and Double Yoo Tee Eff... GAH!!! This place makes me want to rip my hair out! They really need to take a few lessons in customer service or even getting personalities.We purchased two phones in April and have had problems from Day 1. I swear I've clocked in so many hours calling Customer Care about all these issues that they can make more books with the notes they have on our account than there are books in the damn Twilight Saga! It turns out that the twit we purchased our phones from did not place the appropriate data service to our phones and MMS was not working properly but all this was finally resolved (for a short amount of time at least) after my husband yelled at Customer Care because of the attitude coming out of the mouth a "little" lady named Jennifer at this location. We paid a visit to this location, since this is the corporate store closest to us and they'd be the only one to assist with these damn issues. I had requested to speak to the Mgr and Jennifer comes out, NO SMILE or anything, looking like she was pissed that I interrupted her lunch or something... I informed her that I to speak to the store manager and she said "she isn't here", at this point, I was thinking to myself, 'Then why the heck did they send you out?!' anyway, in response to that I asked, "Well, is she ever here?" We've been needing to resolve this issue and this Mgr seems to never be available and Jennifer snaps back, scoffs and says "WELL, she IS entitled to her two days off" Uhhhh, yea but some store managers have to go to other locations you ding-dong! I, of course, snapped right back and informed her "Yea, uhm, I don't need that attitude from you!" She looks at me, disregards what I just said and said that we can come back the next day to see the Manager. We did not return the following day because we had to go out of town, and really needed this f-ing phone to work but Customer Care was able to resolve the issue BUT-- it was short lived, I ended up calling Customer Care, yet again, because the internet went out and the music player was shot, so now  they're replacing my phone with a new or "like" new phone, yet again. I hardly even use this P.O.S. phone so I don't know WTF is going on.With all these issues that we've been having because of all these clueless employees at this location, I sincerely thought that a T-mobile store location in BOCA PARK, the Corporate Store no less, would have been able to take care of our issues better than anywhere else in town, or at least try... Nope. Wrong. Lisa, I feel ya, we dealt with Matt a few times, I'm not even sure if he works there anymore. Susan, they are slow but I believe that it's because they have NO clue what they're doing and have to ask their Manager wth to do every 5 mins. The moment that I can get the 'F' away from T-mobile (damn contracts), I will and -- GOD FORBID, I have to stay with them and have to step foot in a store, I will NOT be visiting this location. This phone line is just my second line, thank goodness my main line is with AT&T because I always have reliable service with them and spend more time enjoying my phone rather than talking to Customer Care for hours and hours. OMG T-Mobile, you guys SUCK.
4	There's two negative reviews here (coincidentally on August 5th in 2009 and 2010 which is my birthday), but I'll add my positive one. :-)Customer service must've really gotten an overhaul since the previous reviews were written. I've gone to this location twice and both times I received excellent customer service. Chris helped me both times and I was able to get the merchandise and services I needed. He was very patient, didn't belittle me for my choice of phone, and was knowledgeable and thorough about the merchandise in the store. The store is clean, has a wide variety of merchandise, and has plenty of staff on hand to help customers. I didn't give it five stars because I wish it was closer to where I live. This is on the other side of town near where I work, but it's worth it for the excellent customer service I've received so far. I will go there from now on anytime I need to do business with T-Mobile in the future.
3	Need quick service? Come here... early.This place is ok, the tattooed guy makes it better! It close to my house and has a few people working. They have what I need and are usually helpful. Only once did I go and encountered horrid customer service, but I think they may have gotten rid of the guy.They have the standard new phone area, you walk in and are drawn to them... they trap you because the desk is in the back so you walk by all these beautiful phones to go pay your bill. I've had my phone almost 2 years and want the new Galaxy s3 or whatever, but I find it insane to spend 300$ on a phone! DRATS!Anyway, come here for hot tattooed dudes, and to pay your phone bill.
4	The husband and I came here not too long ago to switch over from Verizon. Loved Verizon, but they were too expensive!It was busy when we arrived, but no problem because we wanted to check out the phones anyway. Brian, who I believe was the manager, put our name down on the waiting list and happily answered all of our questions. Watch out when you touch the phones on display. Most of them were oily and nasty! Don't know if they actually clean them or not (probably not), so wash your hands! Lance helped us with porting our numbers over and set up our new phones and account. It didn't take very long, although waiting for our numbers to port over took a few hours. He was friendly and knowledgeable. FYI, if you are looking at the iPhone 5, they only have the 16GB ones in stock at the store. The 32 and 64GB phones have to be ordered online.The store is clean and organized. Bonus points because pink is my favorite color! T-mobile's coverage isn't as good as Verizon of course, but I think I can live with it. One thing is for sure, I am definitely looking forward to seeing our phone bills cut in half! Also, T-Mobile is awesome for having NO ANNUAL CONTRACTS!!Located across Wendy's. Between Massage Envy and Mattress Firm.
5	OUTSTANDING service!  My salesperson, Lance was attentive, knowledgeable, polite and spot on with information.  What more can I say...GREAT company.
1	Terrible customer service. I have been in there 2 times and the people always. Always   Have such an attitude. The one on Sahara is much nicer
5	Basically, I hate At& and version because they kind of screw you and think they can get away with it because of their coverage.. But bad business is bad business, and I wanted to give tmobile a try since they seem like they want to cut out the cowpoo too! I was worried about this store because of the other reviews, but they must have restaffed or retrained because I was greeted with smiles and "welcome to tmobile" as soon as I walked in. Tony (I believe that was his name) was awesome! He helped me pick out a phone based off of what I was looking for, and was soooo patient with my indecision and ADD. He was even sweet enough to call customer service and get me a number I liked.. I'm kind of ocd about it. And he did it all with a smile, transfered my contacts, and even offered to transfer my pictures if I had some extra time. So 5 stars for customer service from me.The phone is perfect, albeit a bit pricey, but they offer payment plans on the phone based on your credit.The price for the service is very affordable.. And no contract! Win!All in all I'm a happy lady.
3	Maybe I'll try my luck here at a later date. I've been with T-Mo for about 10 years and I've probably had about 17 phones (replacements and all). We considered upgrading our phones, but the sales guy was trying to confuse us. Sorry, I'm not easily duped. First, we were told they didn't have the phones in stock and would have to order it AND pay the shipping. Why? It isn't my fault you don't stock the phones. Then after he took us allll around the Moberry Bush, he proceeds to tell us to pay $400 up front plus leave our current phones there. What?! He was clearly blowing smoke up our a$$es and we don't smoke!!! I've never heard such Tom Foolery as long as I've had a cell phone. I left the store disappointed, but I got over it and at the end of the day, my current phone still works great. So I'll just keep on using it until it turns to saw dust.
5	Outstanding customer service each and every time I visit the store. Everyone is so knowledgeable and friendly. I highly recommend the store.
1	Would give zero stars if allowed.  Worst employees ever! They will do everything in there power to NOT help you. Dread anytime I have to step inside this store. They should fire everyone associated with this place and start over.
