2	Northeast corner of 75th ave. & Bell in a small strip mall.  If you see Mimi's Cafe, you're very close.  They have small seating here as well, but usually less traffic than many other locations.  There's a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf across the street, as well as 2 bookstores nearby, so that may be the reason.Coffee & coffee drinks have never been a problem here for me.This location has a record for me for the most annoying, slow service I've ever experienced.  One night they were understaffed and I wasn't more than 3rd or maybe 4th in line and it took 15 minutes for my turn, but then to only find out that altough they had a couple gift cards left, they didn't have the little envelopes that hold them.  Great... I'm on my way to present this as a little token of gratitude and now I have to just hand over a little credit card gift card.  Classy.  Thanks, Starbucks.
5	I am not a coffee person at all, but their passion fruit tea with lemonade is so freakin good! Every couple months or so me & my hair stylist come here while my hair color is setting, so yes I have come here more than once with foils all over, I'm cool like that. Besides that yummy drink mentioned above they have awesome treats like these mini birthday cake donuts, marshmallow dream bar, iced lemon pound cake & the cashier lady told us their vanilla bean scones were to die for. If I am in the mood for them, I also do enjoy the caramel & vanilla bean frappucinos.
3	Same old starbucks as everywhere else. Have your usual!  I love the white mocha frap  with caramel. This is probably the main reason I come to Starbucks.
5	These guys are great. The location is pretty solid, the staff is so awesome. Coffee is normal Starbucks. Bring ur iPhone with passbook. They accept it. :-)
2	Good coffee as you would expect at Starbucks, quick service, but totally turned off by the employees constant chatter amongst themselves. I really don't need to hear what friend did what, superbowl plans, what they had for dinner.....
4	Fast, friendly service with a smile.
3	Of course it's Starbucks so it's good... Service on the other had sucks horribly. The two baristas are busy talking about moving and chatting with customers that they obviously know to acknowledge I've been standing at counter for 5 minutes.  Not even a simple hello, or be right with you." Will go to Starbucks on Thunderbird next time.
1	I have never been to a Starbucks were the service was complete reckless. Employees who do not smile. Who have these long conversations with each other. Have a customer spell out their name for them and still misspell it. Forget to put water in an oat meal or put to much water. Give the wrong utensils to a customer. Tell a customer they should've asked the worker at the register if you wanted whip cream or not. And grabbed a regular that was in the back of four people, just because they already knew what they were having. It's the little things that count in this kind of business. Also Kassy if that really is her name qualifies for all the above. If you cannot handle getting up early and putting on a smile you should really change work shifts. Gorgeous set up just horrible service!
2	Horrible customer service. No greet, no smile, no nothing. The lady was talking to her friend the entire time making my drink.I orederd the peppermint mocha no whip and no foam.... what did I get? Whip and foam!!!! Smh. Waste of my groupon.
2	It is a busy location.  Small but people were nice.  The only problem was there are no outlets.  Make sure your laptops and tablets are charged up if you want to hang out here.  It was frustrating to have stopped, thinking I was going to get some work done, and my laptop died.  There was no where to plug it in.  There were tables against the windows but even the tables near a wall didn't even have an outlet.  Very frustrating.
5	My favorite Starbucks I go to!the staff is always so nice!!! Also UFC fighter benson Henderson is known to stop by as he trains across the parking lot!also I see a lot of bad reviews about the customer service and I have never had an issue, they are always so nice and make my drink perfect!
