4	Normandie is a great lunch spot in the middle of a mass of industrial complexes. One shouldn't be fooled by the location; the food here is quite good.I've been there three times now, and everything I've had has been fantastic. I had a roast chicken special with mashed potatoes and julienne "seasonal" vegetables on my first visit. It was simply prepared and perfectly cooked, the gravy was wonderful, and I appreciated the slightly different take on crookneck squash, zucchini, and carrots so often served as an accompaniment at "fancy" restaurants. At $7.95, this was a steal. On the second visit, I had roast pork, served in the same fashion, but in its own gravy. Not bad, but I preferred the chicken.Yesterday, I ordered the pate sandwich. It came on a baguette with mustard, and it had chunks of pate that made the meat of the sandwich about an inch thick. Very tasty, and definitely a guilty pleasure. My friend had the smoked turkey and brie sandwich on another occasion and said the same thing.The only drawback, in my opinion, is that the baguettes on which the sandwiches are served are baked on a rack, instead of a hearth. This, to me, is what separates artisan breadmakers from bakers. But, you can't have everything, and maintaining a hearth in such a tiny spot that's primary function is as a lunch restaurant, and not as a bakery, is pretty unrealistic, so I can understand.They serve many sandwiches, three soups made from scratch every day, and have lots of other daily specials. They serve breakfast, which I have yet to try. There is always a nice case full of beautiful pastries on display at the front of the counter. Everything I've had there has been great. It's a diamond in the rough.
5	I heard about this restaurant through mutual friends and coworkers, praising his breakfast and lunch menus, warning me to get there early if I want to get a seat on time. I decided to look it up on opentable, my one true place to find great vegas food, and sure enough he was listed there for reservations. I made my reservation, thankfully got into casual attire and headed out.This restaurant is in the most unexpected place--the business district south of Industrial Road. Off Tropicana and Valley View (right on Ali Baba Ln.), it's in a corner suite along the road. Parking is perfect, and we entered the restaurant without hesitation or trouble. As you first come in, you realize that it is a cozy, casual bistro with tablecloth-covered tables and cloth napkins finely placed on each one. I love the small details, such as paintings of Normandie (a play on the name of the restaurant, of course) and a rack for wine with grapes adorning it. The dessert cabinet is the first thing to see as you enter, and it boasts a great variety of wonderful cakes and bread puddings. I was truly excited when I saw this place, a quaint, brand new restaurant.Chef Neal worked on the strip in some of the finest dining establishments, learning his techniques from school as well as from restaurants he worked at. It shows clearly in each of his dishes, all made with love and care. What was nice to see was that we received his special attention for the evening, as dinner service was brand new to his hours of operation and therefore unknown to many of his usual breakfast and lunch crowd patrons. Wearing his headset to answer the phone while he serves, he took very good care of us and made us laugh a bit with him through short conversations between courses.We decided to order escargot in mushrooms and scampi for appetizer with mushroom soup and roasted tomato soup. The soup came out first, and they were both bisque style--perfect in texture, seasoning, and flavor. The bread that came with dinner was the perfect baguette, boasting a crispy outside and a fluffy, light inside. I used it to soak every last drop of my tomato soup, as did my fiance for his mushroom soup. It was that divine. With the appetizers, the escargot was cooked so well that it literally melted in my mouth, cooked in white wine, garlic, and shallots, and adorned with sliced wild mushrooms. It is the perfect combination; after all, they taste like mushrooms, in a way, so what else would compliment them the best. The sauce was impeccable, something so vibrant and savory, and very opposite of the typical wine and garlic sauce that I was truly impressed and happy to eat it all to myself. As for the scampi, it was cooked perfectly, large prawns, and in a tomato basil cream lemon sauce, which was to die for. My fiance again ate every last drop with bread.With appetizers being perfect, our entrees were hard to wait for. I was so excited to have rack of lamb crusted with a mustard and herb bread crumb with sauce, and my fiance was waiting for his prime rib (king cut). We both ordered medium, and gobbled down that heavenly bread as we waited (which was not long at all). When the entrees arrived, they smelled incredible. The crust on my lamb was tasty and perfectly seasoned, and as for the done-ness of the meat--true perfection. I have eaten as many restaurants here before, and never has any chef made my lamb perfect except for Chef Neal. With the slight pink center and served standing rack, it was not only beautifully cooked, but beautifully presented. With seasoned vegetables, as well as tomato slices topped with spinach and served with a herb mashed potatoes, it was all heavenly in my mouth and I even picked up each bone to suck off the fat and meat leftover. As for the steak, my fiance let me have a bite, immediately the meat melted in my mouth. We both used butter knives for our meat because it was that tender. Everything was eaten up, nothing left to spare. The perfect meal.How else to end perfection but with perfect cheesecake? The chef took it upon himself to split the order and place fresh strawberries and a slight strawberry reduction on top. His recipe for cheesecake is incredible! Creamy, luscious, silky, and not too sweet, it was the perfect end to a perfect night.At a cool 80 dollars after tax, we enjoyed every last bite of our meal. Not only was the cooking outstanding, but the presentation for such a quaint and cozy place was unbelievable. It was served the way I would expect it to be served at a restaurant on the strip, and the taste and cuts of meat were fabulous! You must try everything on their menu, and we are dying to go for lunch and breakfast one day as well. I'm truly looking forward to the creations Chef Neal has up his sleeve for dinner service. A truly passionate chef, his cooking reflects his love of food, and his love of food indulges my palette.Normandie--A true hidden treasure.
4	A group of 8 went here for lunch.  Everyone liked their food ranging from tomato & mozzarella salad, crab Louie salad, chix breast sandwich, pate sandwich, roast beef sandwich, strawberry banana smoothie.  Chef Neal came out & we introduced ourselves.  He has a room svc catering menu which is quite different which he emphatically stated he would deliver to our office, houses, or a party.  He sent out homemade cookies & bread pudding as dessert which were great & I don't usu like br pudding!!!  He also showed us the dinner menu & was extremely hospitable which you don't see much of nowadays in the chain-y atmosphere.  We all thought the prices were value conscious but as soon as he gets super busy, they might get raised!!!
5	Thanks to Yelp we found this place while spending the night in Vegas. We couldn't go out because of a tired baby, so they delivered a couple of absolutely delicious Salad Nicoise along with fresh bread and two large bottles of San Pellegrino to our hotel. The tuna was delicious, the potatoes and eggs were cooked perfectly and the vinaigrette was phenomenal. We've eaten quite a few of these salads in France and this was right up there with the local cuisine. In addition the price for all of this was so cheap that I had to ask the delivery person to repeat himself to make sure I had heard him correctly. Without a doubt, the best meal I've ever eaten in a hotel room and also one of the cheapest. Thanks Chef Neal!
