1	Do not trust these guys at all!  Their vet staff is uncooperative and incompetent.  My dog was brought there to get the appropriate documents for shipping him to me and they could not furnish the correct paperwork.  They furnished everything but a health certificate for my pet.  Instead of showing an ounce of compassion and working with us they wanted to just charge us another $100 and delay us another week.  I will never purchase another item or enter the store.  Instead I will take my money to a quality store and/ or vet hospital and get things done right the first time.  Stay away from this establishment.
4	I can't speak for the Vet portion, dog training or any other service, except the grooming dept.I take my dog in there during the Winter to get groomed, shampooed and nails clipped, because sometimes its too cold out to dry him off.  The girls in the Grooming dept. are very nice and accomodating.  They treat my dog well, and always have nice compliments about him. TThey also do an excellent job and his nails are always done right.  I've taken him elsewhere ONCE and they trimmed his nails down so much, that it hurt him to jump.  I thought he had an arthritic condition, when I realized that he had his nails done, and sure enough, he bounced back a week later.These girls know what they're doing, and a couple of them have been there for a few years, as I recognize at least one or 2 of them every time I go in. Even to shop.Thanks ladies!
4	I can only say good things about PetSmart. They are always so helpful and have many times gone above and beyond to help be with my decisions or issues. Keep up the good work.
5	I'm a first time dog owner... well as an adult anyway. I came here to get supplies for my new puppy and had a really great sales associate helping me out. He made sure I had everything I needed and even gave me some advice on house training. I'll be back fo sho!
4	McLovin & Isabella's go to place for a good time and snacks! Always clean and friendly staff.
1	I came here today thinking about getting a Betta fish and a small aquarium with filter ( a gentle filter, for strong filters overpower our sweet Betta friend).  The betta all (all of them!) had shredded tails and were very sad looking.  Three or four of the little containers were filled with big green slimy masses, which I took for dead bettas that had been overtaken with fungi??  Of course, the tale of a betta is a sad tale, kept as they are by pet stores in those tiny little plastic cups - that alone is criminal.  But I thought to myself, "Hey, here are these little poor betta fish in pet stores and I'm in a position to give one of them a much better home/life."  I read up on them ahead of time so I wouldn't be making an impulse purchase and so that I could create a nice habitat for my new little friend.  One of the things I read was "beware the shredded tail" because it indicates an unhealthy fish.  So, prepared with this knowledge and more, I walk into this particular PetSmart, only to see a bunch of lethargic lonely betta, all of whom have sad little shredded tails.  Honestly, it made me decide against getting one at all.  I just can't support the betta fish industry.  It made me think of the movie The Cove, except on a much smaller scale.  Poor little betta fish...
1	Do the groomers even like dogs? I will never return here. They treated us like garbage and they did not even acknowledge our dogs. If you are not happy to see my dogs, then I am not going to leave them with you. The staff did not help as our hands were full with 2 dogs when they asked for information. Our dog pooped on the floor, and of course we apologized. Nothing.....not even a "its ok"....Did not even make eye contact with us or offer to help. As you can imagine, we left and took our dogs elsewhere.
5	I like this location a lot. They have a very friendly staff, lots of adoptions and pet trainers, and good deals.
5	My fur babies are my pride and joy, therefore I am a frequent visitor to petsmart.  I prefer petsmart over petco, and this location has yet to disappoint me.
1	Groomers?  More like BUTCHERS!  Where did you learn to groom dogs? Or have you???  Obviously there are people there that don't know what they are doing. I had a HORRIBLE experience, called and voiced my concern to both the grooming person in charge and the Petsmart closing manager (who was very nice and made me feel like she was, at least, concerned) but two days later and I've not heard one word from anyone with authority.  I made my appt for Saturday morning but got a call from the bather saying that she just had them down for baths and did we want cuts?  Ah, yeah...when I made the appointment I told the girl I wanted a full grooming appt, including nails and teeth.  Because of the mistake the appointment person made all the appointments were booked so all they had was Saturday night at 6pm.  I was bummed and didn't like the idea of being the last appt....didn't want them to want to rush out on a Saturday night but we said okay, they are professionals after-all.  Or they are supposed to be anyway. We took our two Bichon's in for a full haircut, nails and teeth too.  These dogs were past due for their haircuts, for sure, but before they went in I went through their tails and ears and cut out any big knots because I did NOT want them tugging on the dogs.  Their bodies did not have any matting in any spots.  We instructed them to cut their nails because we didn't want to cut the dark nails ourselves so "we'll leave it to the professionals." That's what I told them when I made the appt, what a huge joke that turned out to be!My husband brought the dogs in the house after the appt and my beautiful Bichons looked nothing at ALL like Bichon's!  My husband told me that he ordered "puppy cuts."  Ok, that is not their fault, it's not what I wanted but that was not their fault.   But that isn't the problem.  The problem is they made one of my dogs look like some kind of mutant pit bull with bat ears!  My husband said they told him "we couldn't save Buddy!"  Huh?  The dogs both went in with the same condition of fur.  I think they just wanted to be done so they shaved his ears so they could get out of there!  Then I looked at their paws and they did cut their nails, EXCEPT FOR THE DARK ONES!  They left those long!  They charged me $21 per dog, but didn't do the nails that we really needed done.  Also, my husband told me that they cut my dogs ear while they were scalping him! He said that he was shaking badly when they went to pick him up.  Who knows how they really treated him when we weren't there? They had to report the cut ear because the cut is so big and deep that there is no way we wouldn't have seen it.  They didn't include it on the "report" card though.  We also thought it strange that they included unused toothbrushes.  Does that mean they didn't brush their teeth either?  I wish I could post a picture of this dog.  Imagine a big kosher pickle with a peanut at the end and that's what my dog looks like now.  Oh, add flappy bat ears.  They made him look horrible because they didn't want to take the time.  They didn't groom him, they SHAVED him!  Petsmart could have called to make this better but they blew it off.  They already have our money.  They should not let anyone groom dogs that don't know how to groom dogs.  IF YOU LOVE YOUR DOGS KEEP THEM AWAY FROM THIS GROOMER!!
4	This seems to be the PetSmart location that I frequent most often as it is most convenient to my home and errands that I run.  This store is typically fairly busy and they generally have staff to help with needs or questions.  As most know, you can bring your dogs to shop with you, which is kind of fun and great for training your dog how to behave when out in public and not at a park.  This location also has a vet clinic although I have not used it.  the only reason I did not go full 5 stars here is because I feel like it could be a bit cleaner.  I realize this must be a hard place to keep looking sanitized but maybe a midday sweep and mop would be good.
1	My family and I took our 8 month old puppy to get his first grooming and the woman in charge was extremely inconsiderate. He is young and has not been around dogs all that often so when she just put him on the floor and left him on his own, he got nervous and she didn't even comfort him or make any effort to introduce him to the other dogs. She took him into the holding room for maybe a minute and said that she would not groom him. She clearly had no compassion for dogs or at the very least had little patience for new dogs. I would recommend you look somewhere else for a groomer.
