5	I am flying United today out of McCarran and just found there's a new lounge in the D Gates!  So excited!  I have a Priority Pass membership, so I have free access to select lounges, and this is one of them.  I chatted with the staff... they've been open since June, and there's one in the new terminal as well.  It's a small lounge, but they have a decent beer selection (Asahi!) and some unique snacks (pita chips & hummus).  Friendly staff, free wifi, and a FANTASTIC view overlooking the concourse where people arrive from the shuttle.  This may be my favorite airport lounge yet.
2	This is a small club close to the D-Gates. Top of the escalators to the left. And by small, I mean small. Luckily it was empty when I got there early in the morning. There's coffee and water and some snacks. Since it was early I didn't try the bar - so I don't know if anything is complimentary.Anyway for Vegas it is great to get away from all the noise in the terminal.
4	I honestly didn't expect much from this lounge. I was peeved that I wasn't able to get a car service to the airport, annoyed that I couldn't get an upgrade for my flight back to San Francisco, and the fact that the line was absurd for a Sunday morning... (I was told it gets worse), gives you an idea on how much I just wanted to sit down and live in peace for like 5 seconds before I board the horrendous flight home (see Virgin America review).The Club, at least the one at T3 was outside gate E2... yes pass security and turn left instead of right, I did that and ended up looking like an idiot walking back and forth, and its quiet there. Located next to a bathroom, I walked in The Club with a nice attendant that greeted me. Check in is as usual, use priority pass, show boarding pass so they can scan and an ID to verify that its actually you. My flight was delayed and the attendant told me about it before I found out. How nice is that?The lounge itself is pretty cool, neat and for the most part clean. They had a variety of snacks and decent looking bar which I didn't bother myself since it was about 10 in the morning. There was an option for hot soup, but I think since it was still early, they haven't finished preparing it. Two televisions behind the bar, and next to it was a rolling schedule of the departures at Terminal 3. A few other televisions situated throughout the lounge and if you want they can change the channels for you to your liking. There are computers available to use, and a shelf... more or less to put stuff while moving around.Me being super paranoid kept everything with me and set up near the bar so I can watch TV and be in close proximity to the snacks available. The attendants are pretty cool, checking up on everyone once in a while, making sure they are comfortable. Granted there was only me and like 5 others in the lounge it was nice. Drinks had to be requested, but they were happy to oblige, I asked for a coke when offered a beer. Its 10am in the morning, I don't plan on drinking that early gosh! Yes if you're in there drinks are complimentary, although tips are greatly appreciated.The bathroom had a little bit of scratch etching on it, I guess even lounges are prone to these things, and there was a shower facility that one can use. Overall for me, it's a nice lounge. Being able to get away from the idiots that talk at max volume on their phones, or most of the general public is a very nice perk of the lounge. Less to say most don't want to pay for the lounge right?I was happy during my short stay, and shout out to the staff at The Club at T3 that was there the day I attended, it made it very enjoyable.
5	Excellent airport lounge in LAS. Their food selection is large with sandwiches, gourmet soups, hummus, fresh veggie dips, rolls, chips, cookies and cheese. They also have alcoholic and non-alcoholic refreshments. The lounge isn't terribly big but it is comfy. They also have a shower stall available as well. Service is quick and attentive, I love that the lounge is super clean.They take priority pass here so that is a plus. But next time I will have to visit the new Amex Centurion lounge, even though it costs money.
4	Food was excellent and they served lunch in the form of sandwiches. Drinks were good too. Coffee was delicious. Wish they had more pastries though. Chairs werent that comfortable, and it was very busy in there...not much privacy at all. They had a shower facility and very clean bathrooms. I had access to united club, but chose the club instead because of way better yelp reviews. I was not disappointed.
5	This review is for the terminal 1, D gate lounge.  The women bartender who works here is such a great lady.  I really wish I remember her name (I remember her mentioning she used to be a flight attendant) because she deserves recognition for such great customer service.  Our flight was delayed at first so we spent a lot of time here and then we found out it had been canceled.  If I hadn't of been here when I found out it was canceled I probably would of panicked since I have never had that happen to me before.  She went above and beyond expectations by helping me look up the latest information for our flight and gave me extremely helpful suggestions on what to do.  I am really thankful to her.
5	For domestic club, this has to be one of the best.  For short term visit, they offers Shower, wifi (free throughout airport), drinks (alcoholic/non-alcoholic), hot soups, snacks and more.Layout is very modern and spacious.  Everything smells new still, great employees.I think Terminal 3 needs to add more people movers, it can be quite a walk for those traveling from gate 11-13.  Great place to kill few hours of waiting time.
4	The club in terminal 3 the E gates is fabulous! Spacious, great food and drink selection!  Terminal one leave a lot to be desired...small and much less to offer.
2	Visit: 8/8/13 upon arrival at McCarran.  My friends were running way behind schedule due to a major f*ck up by Southwest.  So I did needed a quiet place to chill out.Check In:$35 flat rate or free for Priority Pass holders. Present your ID and boarding pass.This review is only for.Terminal 1, D Gates - Open Daily 6:00 am - 2:00 amI wanted to clarify what Terminal 1, D Gates actually offer as the majority of the reviews seem to mix in Terminal 1 and Terminal 3 or are completely wrong which questions their authenticity.Terminal 1Has a separate area with one dedicated PC and an all in one printer, copy, fax machine. The PC had issues connecting to the internet.  I was unable to use it.  The separate area only has bar stools and an island looking out onto concourse D.  The photo provided by Rob P. depicts it clearly.There's a magazine rack with a few local and major publications / newspapers.There are plenty of outlets to charge your your electronic devices.There's just one flat screen TV which appeared to be about 60"No ShowerNO bathrooms but there's one outside just around the order on your left.Food:Lets get this straight.  This place only provides individually packaged snacks. You will find prepackaged shortbread cookies, corn chips, potato chips, Stacy's pita chips (regular and Parmesan), hummus, apples, bananas, crackers.  You'll also find weak coffee and hot water in carafes as well water and juices. There's a full bar serving a limited selection of wine, beer, spirits.  There's no real food. Other reviews mentioned both Terminal 1 and Terminal 3 were similar but its wrong.  Terminal 3 will have hot food, sandwiches, soups, veggie dips. Terminal 3 is where you want to go for food.Space:Some of the reviews stated Terminal 1 and Terminal 3 were the same size are incorrect.  Terminal 1 is significantly smaller. Terminal 3 is at least twice as large.Staffing:You will only see two employees here.  One at check in and the other at the bar. Terminal 3 has better staffing.Overall 2 stars for Terminal 1 D gates.  I would say its fine if you get in for free and you want to stay at concourse D.  However, if you want the goodies then you'll have to head over to Terminal 3, which I would rate 4 stars.
4	Nice little lounge - it's more egalitarian than other lounges - no membership required (but Priority Pass skips the entrance fee).  It's the world's smallest lounge - not too many people can fit in here, but I didn't see it crowded.  The best part is that customer service and food options exceed the other US lounges that I've been to - it's small, but mighty.  The workers will bring anything that you need to your table - service felt very personalized.Worth a stop if you have extra time on your hands.
4	At $35/day, this is one of the cheaper airport lounges to get into.  But it's also a smaller lounge at a smaller airport so you kinda get what you pay for.  There are two lounges, one in terminal one and the other in terminal three.  Both locations are about the same size and offer the same amenities but the lounge in terminal three offers showers.  Now, don't get too excited.  Think less Equinox and more like 24 hour fitness gym individual shower stalls.  Nothing to write home to mom about.The lounge is small but nice.  Complimentary snacks and drinks (alcohol included) are provided as well as showers and wifi.  Snacks include the typical veggies/dip, chips, cookies, sandwiches and such.  The are plenty of newspapers and tv's to keep you entertained.  If you're looking to get some work done, this lounge is pretty quiet but offers a business room if you're looking to spread out and be more productive.  The lounge is located in the D gates in terminal one and E gates in terminal three.Priority Pass and Lounge Club members are granted access per your membership level.  I only use it because I have a Priority Pass membership. I don't know that I could justify $35/day to use this place.  LAS is a great airport and I could easily hang out in the terminal area waiting for my flight.  There are plenty of charging stations and restaurants to keep me occupied and my cell phone at full capacity.If you like my reviews, please feel free to follow my travel blog.   A link to my site is located in my profile. Thanks!
4	Great little airport lounge. With your $35/day, you get complimentary coffee, beers, and food buffet. In addition, you can access to the Free WiFi, and there is plenty of comfy seating and easy-access power outlets. The service is very nice - I was promptly asked whether I would like a drink brought to me, and I was reminded of my flight time. That all said, there are more luxurious lounges in airports across the globe, but if you are just looking for a more comfortable place to relax and/or do a little work pre-flight, then The Club is a great option.
1	Tiny lounge in Terminal 1 when you think of the fees you pay per year for cold snacks only!  What made it worse is the host , sent us on a wild goose chase to the bigger lounge when we told him we were leaving out of gate A.  He told us it was close to A2.  So after racing from Gates D back to gates A and finding nothing, we call the host through the courtesy phone and discover,  because English is his second language, he thought we said Gate E not Gate A!   Ugh!#!**
5	Wow!  Great deal for 35 bucks.  Free alcohol, chips, cookies, and more!   Plus a quiet not too crowded place to pass the time.  I was able to have a few drinks and get some work done.  Juliette and Rose were great and they made sure I was comfortable and happy!  This company is pretty lucky to have these gals working for them!
