5	I did some remodeling in my condo and had Scott and his team replace about 10 sheets of drywall then foat all the surfaces "Santa Fe" smooth. The quality of workmanship is Amazing, I would highly recomend them.
5	Scott was great. It was easy to schedule an appointment and he showed up on time. I had a hole in my ceiling from an upstairs water leak. The repair was done quickly and it looked great. He even did it for cheaper than what I was quoted by someone else. He is very professional and made sure to clean up after himself. I would highly recomend and I will definitely call 1st Choice for any future drywall repair.
5	Scott recently fixed a number of cracks in our condo ceilings. We were extremely impressed with how quickly he scheduled us, and with the excellent job he did. Bonus- his rate was extremely reasonable too!  I would  highly recommend Scott and will call him again should the need arise.
5	the whole process was simple, fast, and great quality. I emailed him a photo of the dent in the wall, he got back to me with an estimate and we worked out a time for him to come by. price was reasonable and work was exceptional. definitely recommend.
5	Scott just finished three days on my laundry room, and, wow! He did an amazing job. My handyman and painter came over today to start the second round, and they were impressed with Scott's work, and they have seen their share of projects. Scott removed painted over popcorn ceilings, and skimmed the remaining walls. They look fabulous, and are now ready to paint. Scott is communicative and shows up when he says he does. I recommend Scott and his company, 1st Drywall, for any projects you're needing drywall installation or repair to. Thanks much, Scott, and my popcorn-free ceiling thanks you, too.
5	Scott recently did some ceiling and wall repair in my home and all I can I say is that he is going to be my go to person from here on out.  The process was simple: email him some photos and he emails back a quote and a phone number so you can contact him to schedule an appointment.  He is not one for flowery conversations but he is prompt, clean, and the work was flawless.  The fact that his pricing was very reasonable and he was able to schedule me in rather quickly was a huge bonus!  Save yourself some time and money; call Scott first.  You wont be disappointed
5	Scott did an amazing job in my drywall repair.  I had a water damage and he cut out the ruined drywall and fixed it up like new. Cleaned up the area well afterwards too.  Very professional, got in, got out, job done.  Fair price.  Highly recommended.
5	Just had Scott out this morning to do a small drywall repair job following a roof leak.  He gave me a fair estimate just based on photos of the area sent to his email. He was on time, did quick work with minimal mess.  He retextured the area to match the existing.  We have opted to paint the wall ourselves, so he told me how to prep the area.  Definitely contact him for your drywall issues.
5	Scott did a fantastic job fixing our drywall after a water pipe leak caused damage to the ceiling and wall in our dining area.  His estimate from the photos we emailed was way less than two others we'd gotten, and he also was able to do the job before the appointment we'd arranged.  He replaced the drywall and textured the area, perfectly matching the rest of the ceiling and walls.  It looks better than new!   He was extremely professional, very knowledgeable, paid attention to detail, and was always prompt.  Not only that, he cleaned up everything before he left.. 1st Choice Drywall Repair has our highest recommendation!
5	We recently had our Ac unit replaced and the old swamp cooler removed. We had the vents for the swamp cooler taken out of the ceiling and 1st Choice did the repairs. I would dare anyone to find where the vents were. They did a great job matching the texture.  Great job great price. Can't go wrong with that. We would definitely call on them again for any future repairs.
5	After reading the Yelp reviews, I decided to contact Scott to have a rectangle sized area repaired in our home. I sent Scott some photos, he provided an estimate, which at the time seemed a little more than I was expecting, but really needed it done so we could get the room back in order. Scott was able to come over within a day and completed the repair as promised. Turns out, he had overestimated the size of the repair and only charged half of what he quoted, which was even less than I expected. I truly appreciate the honesty and professionalism he demonstrated. Thank you, Scott! I will definitely use your service again.
