4	As far as Thrift Stores go, this is really organized and cheap compared to other places like Savers and Goodwill.I really enjoy refinishing furniture and I scored 2 nice solid  black wood chairs here for $16.00 total. And honestly, if I did not refinish them they would still look nice in my house.Frames are like 1.00 here and they have a lot of books, including LDS fiction and non fiction for super cheap, like 50 cents to 3.00 for a Volume of Multiple Dr. Seuss Stories.The employees for the most part are friendly too!
3	This thrift shop looks like a deprtment store. It's SUPER clean and organized and there's a lot of stuff but I didn't find anything worth while. I give it one star for great parking, two for a good amount of items for sale and the third for the neatness and organization but I probably ouldn't go back since everythign seems to be for an odler crowd. Nothing seemed very up-to-date (like everyone's great aunt died and everyone collectively decided this was the place to bring all their stuff). Not even good vintage clothing.
2	Not very impressed with this thrift store. They seemed to be overpriced and they split things up and sold by pieces. Like come on really. I was looking at a headboard and footboard and instead of total 30 for all they wanted 30 for the head and 30 for the foot. Just didn't seem worth it to me. I will spend 20 more bucks and get it new. I will definitely go back to salvation army on boulder hwy and forget this one all together!
3	This place is touch and go like any other thrift. It all depends on what you are looking for and what time of day you get there.  The pricing is mostly pretty high for a thrift, but there is some inconsistency there so keep looking and you'll find good stuff at rock bottom prices that fall through the cracks. I got a very cool new Cher tour t shirt for 1.00 once, a Marc Jacobs dress for 8.00. And then I see lousy condition mart brand dresses for 10.00 or t shirts for 5.99 that aren't new, so really it's what you find. They sometimes have a lot of baskets and larger wood crafts, frames and fake flowers a lot, furniture, toys, clothes, shoes...  some cheap sewing stuff sometimes, lots of books. It is laid out pretty well and it's easy to walk through. They have baskets so you don't have to carry your stuff. The parking is easy and the bathrooms are convenient. The check out is usually painless. It's worth poking around but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there. I only go when I drive by.
2	I have to give Deseret Industries credit for presenting a thrift store in a bright, clean, department store fashion. Kudos to them for knowing how important merchandising is! The store is exceptionally well organized, well lit, wide isles with an abundance of sales personnel who are dressed up in a tie and vest (!) All this in a thrift store! amazing.But I am not overly impressed with the pricing here as it is a hit or miss. For some reason thrift stores tend to price Ralph Lauren at top dollar and this place is no exception. True it is an expensive brand, but Marshall's and TJ Maxx sell RL polos for $20, so I'm not gonna pay $20 for a used one. They sell better merchandise in a locked glass case and of course the price tags are hidden so you have to call over an employee just to get a price (annoying). Anything that is higher quality (which is often in the eye of the beholder) is priced accordingly. I once asked a clerk if he can open the case and he said he didn't have a key. He then rudely told me to "find someone else" to open it then walked away. What a jerk!Out back is a covered patio with furniture and other larger items. Sometimes it is chock full of stuff, other times it is totally bare. You just never know. I did find a nice painters easel which I love. It was only $6 but it was all dirty. I spray painted it black and it looks brand new. For clothing I found a pair or men's Jhane Barnes dress slacks for $6. These are $150 a pair at least, so this was a deal. Otherwise the clothing selection is kinda ho-hum.If you look hard enough you will find something, but over all I am not impressed with this store. If I am on that side of town I will stop in, but I will not make a special trip to visit.
3	It's always fun to look! I'm pretty skeptical when it comes to buying clothing from thrift stores...thinking about another person wearing it usually freaks me out. But I got a great deal. A Victoria Secret black silk robe - $5. I'll buy that all day every day no problem! The nicknack section is always cool to look through and my husband loves going out into the yard.
4	Thrift shop yes! Clean and well organized. Furniture at reasonable prices, electronics, new bed linens, I confess I buy 2 stuffed animals every time I go in (my dogs think it is fun to rip the heads off) and for 50 to 75 cents it is a yes.
3	Smaller than the ones in Utah.  Saw someone getting handcuffed by the police in front of the door.   Cleaner than other thrift stores in the area.  Book selection was good.
3	Deseret is a nice little thrift store from our Mormon neighbors.  The clothing reflects this.  Nice clean good boy button shirts at good prices.  I did notice a crap load of white church shirts here still wrapped in plastic & black slacks that looked perfect for a bike ride with a backpack full of bibles.  As for the women's clothing, my girl only found 1 blouse she was interested in.. The furniture is mostly wooden & oak, yeck.  The furniture is in decent shape yet is probably the only thing that is overpriced in the store.  As for housewares appliances & such, those are the most reasonably priced items compared to Epic and Savers.  There was a used Dyson for 10$.  I found a little treasure trove of vintage Fostoria glasses in amber and smoked colors.  Don't go buying them now.  They will be MINE!!  The employees are very friendly and helpful.  Years ago I found a vinyl record that had Bettie Page lioness with cheetah cub on the cover.  I like this thrift store!
5	First encounter with any Desert Industries location last night around 6:00, and I was so impressed with it that I am going back this morning, as soon as they open!!!*** Quick summary of my thoughts: GOOD: very wide selection, lots of brand names, very clean and well organized. Thrift for those who usually prefer to pay more at the mall. BAD: Pricier than Goodwill back in KY, but not overpriced for the quality of clothing ***First of all, as a bus-dependent, carless person since moving here this summer, this location is very convenient. Its on the 202 (Flamingo) line, which runs at least hourly 24/7 and every 15 minutes or less during peak hours. This might be a premature review, since I only had time to look at make a quick lap through womenswear and check out the about half of the racks with dresses and skirts. On those racks were styles and brands for every taste and age group, and the most expensive of the dresses were $10 each, I think, with many at $6-$8, even popular and expensive brands. I was shopping for an outfit for job interviews, but I found a ton of nice sundresses and casual skirts.I ended up spending $16, and I got one business and one casual dress, and a very nice skirt, which is probably less than any one of these would have cost at Target or even Wal-Mart. And for a final bump to my already stellar first opinions, they DO ACCEPT AMERICAN EXPRESS CARDS!
