1	I haven't been to this Waffle House location in about a year, so as far as I know, things may have gotten better.  The reason I stopped going was that the last time that I went, the waitress was incredibly rude to me, so much so that other guests started looking over at my table probably because they were so disturbed at the treatment I was receiving as well.  The waitress wouldn't look me in the eye, spoke harshly to me, and I had to ask her multiple times to tell me what my choices for soft drinks were.  I am 90 percent sure that this was a racial issue.  I was the only white person in the establishment and I feel that this was almost an attempt to send the message that I wasn't welcome there.  Well, it worked.  I haven't gone back.  I think whoever runs this Waffle House needs to ask him or herself whether this is the kind of reputation he or she wants it to have though.
1	went here about 2am after working a late night call case . ignored for a while . just left . short staffing and bad attitudes!
5	I pulled over into this Waffle House to get out of the rain and to let some of this weekday 5 o'clock traffic die down. The entire staff was wonderful. The two waitresses that were working that night were down to earth, friendly, and extremely funny. Even if the meal wasn't good they would have made the trip inside worth it, but I had no complaints for my Texas Bacon Patty Melt w/hash browns and added onions (I literally gained two pounds while I was writing this...I can only imagine how much I gained while I actual ate this). The cook talked to my bf about sports and the other customers even got in on the conversation and it ended up that the entire place was laughing. I felt like they were part of my extended family and will definitely be back, if not for the food then for the hospitality :)
1	Went into this establishment while visiting Charlotte for the first time, and was not impressed. Upon entering there were only 2 tables being occupied but all of the other ones still had not been wiped down and were filthy. Also there were 3 prisoners or community service people in yellow vests washing the windows, splashing water all over the tables. So we had to sit at the bar. The bar was situated right next to the sink where one of the workers was vigorously washing dishes and splashing water all over the area where we were eating. This splashing did not stop when we got our coffees to drink.The waitress was friendly but upon receiving our silverware I was horrified to see that my fork had a big glob of mustard on it. How could you b e working so hard to wash the dishes and not even notice the silverware isn't even clean?! Also my girlfriends butterknife looked to have water on it still but not clean water, dirty white soap water.The only redeeming quality of this place was that our order was taken accurately and I didn't get food poisoning from my meal.Would not go to again, if I'm visiting Charlotte again I will wait until I get back to Georgia to eat, this is the only nasty Waffle House I've ever been to.
3	The three stars are only bc I don't think the intent of the ladies there were malicious just not professional. The food was mediocre the service was subpar. I don't have high expectations for Waffle House because well...its Waffle House, but this location was definitely not meeting even minimum expectations. No one greeted me, it took awhile before someone would take my order and again the food wasn't good. I'll stick to my regular Independence location from now on.
