4	I check Groupon religiously everyday for San Jose, San Francisco, and Phoenix deals because I live in the Bay Area and the Boyfriend lives in Phoenix. Just my luck, I found an intro pottery spinning classes in Phoenix for just $15/person, over 50% the original price! Of course the Boyfriend and I had to snag 2 Groupons!We called about 4 days ahead of time and were able to reserve spots for the Monday night (6:30pm) Groupon class. The lady told us classes were filling up quickly, with over 1000 Groupons sold, so be sure to call ahead of time.We arrive at 6:30pm to a house sort of in the middle of nowhere, but when we entered the building, we were greeted warmly by a group of people who seemed like family (maybe they were, who knows!). We were provided with aprons and seated at our pottery wheels. The instructor demonstrated the basics and then let us on our own! Of course, she did do some damage control... especially since I managed to make a lop-sided pot and fling clay in the Boyfriend's hair. All in all, we each made 3 small items.It takes another 2 weeks for them to fire it, then we can go back anytime to paint them. Then they'll fire it again and we can go pick up our handmade pieces!TOTALLY worth $15, and even maybe worth the regular price too!It was a really cool and unique date experience and I would recommend it to anyone looking to do something new.
5	I can't believe I'm only the second person to rate this place!  Anyway, no surprise I went there for the first time on a Groupon for the Pottery Wheel class.  They sold a ton (did I hear 2600?) this time.  Apparently the Saturday classes are massively booked, but you can still get in on the Wednesday nights.I wish someone would rate them for some of their other classes, or open studio, because all that stuff looks totally fun.  You really do get dirty, no matter how perfect you try to be, so as they warn you repeatedly, "wear your play clothes!"I'm 42 and took my mentee, a twelve year old girl (she's very grownup, but just being clear), and we both looovved it.  Neither of us had ever used a pottery wheel and could barely restrain ourselves when Mishy (our instructor, and the resident artist at Desert Dragon) kept saying, "wait for me to get to you!"  It's really amazing and addicting to get your hands on that clay, watching the wheel spin, and the cool shapes that come out.As beginners, we were warned to prepare to love whatever we made as quickly as possible and move on to the next one because 'over loving' your clay piece can lead to totally messing it up - making it too thin, lopsided and crazy.  And as beginners, we each made three pieces that were totally different and I'm not *completely* sure how that happened. :)  Apparently when you've been doing this forever (or maybe even for 6 classes or so), you learn to control it all more and purposefully create that look you want.The first thing we said to ourselves when we sat at the wheel was, "I want one!!" closely followed by, "when can we come back? and how?"  and the answer is that they have Open Studio time and you can pay by the clay and firings.  Mishy warned us that we can come in and play alone but if we do that right away we might be really frustrated because we really needed more time to learn the basics of centering with an instructor around - she suggested another class (or five lol).  Since there are a group of us that want to come in, she said that if there are at least four that book together they could set a class just for us and it would be $25 each instead of full price (plus we get our own class, which is totally cool).If that still seems pricey to you - they do have Dirty Hands Friday - just $12 and you get to play with clay (no wheel) and learn/do all the basic clay techniques.   I totally want to go!We were told to come back in 3 weeks to glaze our gorgeous creations.  We can't wait.BTW, since my husband asked this question, yes, this is waaaay more fun than going to those painting clay places (we're both mentors to young kids, so we've gone more than normal :) ).  It's way more fun, beccause you're creating the clay piece.  And btw, you still get to paint those clay pieces too!  (if you're into that)Oh, and one more thing, they warn you not to go to deep when you are hollowing out the middle - but why not? make a flower pot instead of a regular pot - stab that whole in the middle!  just sayin'
1	I was excited to try this place out, and probably would have kept going back IF it weren't for my recent call to the owner regarding my expired Groupon. My Groupon, for which I paid $15, expired just THREE days ago. I called the owner, Michy, and kindly asked if she would still honor the Groupon.My experience went like this:Michy: Desert Dragon Pottery...Me: Hi, I'm calling because I had purchased a Groupon, and--{she cuts me off mid-sentence}Michy: Ok can you hold on?Me: Sure.(4 minutes on hold)I hung up and called back:Michy: I'm sorry. I was on hold with someone else, and then I forgot about you. Can I call you back?Me: Sure.She calls me back and finally I get to ask about the expired Groupon. She proceeded to tell me that I couldn't use it, but that I could get 10% off a class. Uh, no thank you. She, as the owner, had no reason to deny this request. It was 3 days ago that this expired. This shows a lack of flexibility and understanding, and a lot of greed in my opinion. For all she knows, I could have loved the class (which I paid for), and kept returning, or told all my friends about it, giving her more business.So instead, I'm yelping about it. Some people may think I am wrong to be put off by this but I think it was ridiculous for her not to honor my purchase, as well as suggesting I pay more money to this establishment for a class. 10% off. Whatever. The way I see it, I paid $15 to discover another business not worth another glance.
5	I found out about Desert Dragon Pottery thru Groupon. Wow what a deal $15 for a wheel class. My 8 year old Daughter has been asking me if she could do this. So I bought 2 one for her and one for my son. Who backed out.  So my daughter got to do 2 classes. She ended making for little pots. they look amazing. You have to wait over 2 weeks to paint them. When we went back to paint. They were so helpful describing all the different glazes and techniques. She tried several different glazes and a high fire glaze. We are looking forward to going back and making Christmas gifts. They have several different classes, kids classes, and camps for the summer. Which I will take advantage of.
1	I heard about this place through a groupon I had purchased originally to go in May, but when I called to book an appointment for (2) all of the Saturdays at 2p were booked completely until August which was fine because my groupon wouldn't expire yet. So finally when the weekend came up I had a few complications of getting there so I just e-mailed them to reschedule. Again, they were all booked up until this weekend after my groupon expired, but that was fine I was just going to accept to pay the rest of the balance that was owed because I was really excited to go here. I called about an hour and half before hand to see if there might be an available spot for (1) more person, she told me to call her back in 5 minutes so I did. When I had called back she stated that she didn't even have me down on the schedule! (her e-mail clearly stated she was going to put me down for this Saturday for (2)!) But she said she could make room for just the (2) of us maybe (3). I had also let her know that we will be about 5-10 minutes late because we were coming out from the east valley and are not familiar with the west valley, and she said that was completely fine. After 50 minutes of driving all the way out there, we had arrived 11 minutes late (as we stated) and she said she could not fit us in and because the teacher had already gotten past the important parts of the lesson and there was no way we could jump in. I was furious! She could have clearly stated this to me over the phone when I had TOLD her we were going to be 5-10 minutes late. This was an extreme disappointment - and an extreme waste of time and gas. I am very unhappy with this company.
4	This is a fun place to spend a Saturday morning -- relaxing, after a hectic week with some pottery clay!  And, Groupon made it even better.Go already!  Enjoy!  We did!
5	This place is awesome. As with most people, I found this little place through Groupon and I am glad I did.I bought two Groupons and had no problem scheduling a saturday class for me and my friend for the 2pm saturday class for the pottery wheel. A lot of the reviews I am reading are complaining about scheduling or Groupons not being honored. Groupon is an an incredibly popular service. If you call in advance of when you want to go, and don't wait until the last minute, scheduling anywhere with a Groupon is a breeze.This place is no different. They aren't beholden to honor your expired Groupons, you are responsible for scheduling in a timely manner.We loved our class, and are awaiting the drying time so we can go back and glaze. This class was seriously so much fun, that I am considering buying a class for 4 when my mom and sister come out to visit. Good fun!
4	I too learned of Desert Dragon Pottery via Groupon. Everything was explained thoroughly before, during and after. I didn't have any issues scheduling my one hour beginners pottery wheel class on a Saturday for myself and husband. Together, sitting side by side at our own wheels, we crafted two unique pieces each with the guidance of our instructor. It's a great afternoon date! Something to keep in mind if you're looking to gift your creation, it's a multi-visit process from start to finish taking several weeks: 1)creation 2) paint/decorate/fire glaze 3) pick up final products.Our second visit to paint our creations was also a nice experience. There were a lot of paints to choose from including brushes useful for different designs. Tip: Try to have an idea of the design you want to paint before you go. My husband picked up our finished products, which turned out great. With patience, you'll have a real blast with this place.
1	I am VERY disappointed in my experience with this company. In fact this is the first review I've ever written on YELP, that's how much I want to express my frustration. My friend and I purchased a groupon for the one hour pottery class, and the ability to paint a premade pot at the end of the class. Everything went well and we had a good time. We did the class on a Saturday afternoon, and they told us our pots would be available for pick up on the following Tuesday. I went to pick them up after work around 5pm. Upon walking in, four employees were chatting a few feet away from me. I was not acknowledged or greeted for over 5 full minutes. FINALLY one of them asked if I needed help (obviously), I told them I was there to pick up our pots. Their response was " we are not open today, you need to come back," what?!? The big sign right when you pull in says "open daily!"  I saw the pots we painted less than 5 feet from where I was standing, I pointed to my pots and nicely asked if I could please take them with me now. They REFUSED!! I was beyond shocked! I went out of my way to drive there, and they wouldn't let me take MY pots that I PAID for that were sitting right in front of where I was standing?! I left feeling very upset. I don't even want to go back now to claim them, especially since they don't even abide by the hours that they set!! No wonder the entire backyard of their building is FILLED with "unclaimed pots," they don't even let people pick them up! Completely unprofessional, stay away!
4	Came here with a Groupon for the beginner's pottery wheel class which turned out to be really fun.  My only gripe is that they really limit the amount of clay you can use so I couldn't make a big bowl like I had imagined.  The class also felt really rushed near the end.We came back a few weeks later to paint our pieces and it was fun seeing the end result.  Would I come back again?  While it was fun to experience, probably not.
5	Open Studio:It's a great place with lots and lots of tools and supplies.  As an artist who is familiar with ceramics I walked in and bought a membership so I could use the kiln, studio and tools.  The owner showed me around and then let me go.  She had all the tools you could ever imagine and lots of cool stuff to slump with and make texture.  It's a working pottery studio and it's perfect for what I need.
5	I love this place! the staff are so helpful and with the beg pottery wheel class I got to make 3 bowls with the wheel and glaze them all. Super fun and Im going back in 2 weeks to try the dirty hands class...
5	I bought a Groupon for my daughter and her friend (both 10 at the time) and they loved it! The class was small and the instructor was very helpful and patient with all the students (most children). The girls loved that they could both create and paint their own pottery, instead of just painting like most pottery places. My only complaint is that it is SO far from my house in the far southwest Valley. You have to make three trips out for one piece of pottery (one to make it, then to paint, then to pick up after it's been fired). Regardless of the location, we'll be back!
2	I went here for an open house type event with my boyfriend and family. I had  fun and it was therapeutic painting some pottery. I've only been to two pottery places in my life, this one and another one in Illinois. The condition of the building was pretty awful. There was dust everywhere; it was so thick that I had to go outside a few times due to coughing fits. Maybe this is typical of a pottery joint, but the one I went to before was way cleaner than this place. The outside area looks like a junkyard of pottery pieces scattered throughout the property.We told one of the workers multiple times we were done and ready to pay...she pretty much ignored us or said "OK" for over half an hour and was busy cleaning up tables. I liked how my mug turned out, but the paint cracked all over despite that I put on 3-4 coats. My boyfriend's turned out fine.
5	So I noticed several people complained they went and the "staff" wouldn't help them get their work. I pay for a membership which gives me access on days they are normally closed to the public. Despite instructors telling people they are closed mon-tues people still show up. They then find whomever happens to be working on pottery, like me, thinking I'm staff. I'm not.  I've explained to people I don't work there and the studio is closed I know other members have had the same problem. Bottom line is if you want to learn how to use the wheel, the place is great. If you want to have free reign in an open studio creating your own work its great. If you want your kids to get messy and be creative, it's great. If you want a clean pristine paint your own pottery cookie cutter place, look some where else.
1	The place was awful, dirty, unorganized, and the staff was unprofessional.My daughter who is 9 had trouble getting her plate to stay down so i got up and snapped it in place so it would not fly off when the spinner stopped.  I was scolded and told to SIT DOWN!EXcuse me?    They were rude and not even worth the 20 dollar groupon!!!   I would pay 3 times as much to go to "make a wish" and have a clean professional place.  Very low class in my humble opinion!  Will not return.
1	Even though calendar show classes available they really aren't available.  Planned and outing based on the calendar and got an email 2 days before the event that the only opening would be at least 3 weeks away.   When I finally got ahold of someone that works there she said it is not her job to keep up the calendar because she is busy with other things.  Very disappointed with the customer service or lack of.  Will take my business somewhere else.
5	So, I've done the little strip-mall make-your-own-ceramic thingy before, yes, I own a $32 mug.  All that I learned is not to try to be too creative 'cause it will cost you an arm and a leg.This is *not* one of these places - if you're looking for a spotless place with a completely sales-oriented staff, this is NOT one of those places.Instead, it is a professional art studio, with all the quirks and creativity that comes with it.  There are some very accomplished artists, yet not once have I heard any one make any snarky comments about the beginners - just the opposite.  They love having kids there, they love playing with a creative bent.  My friend who is learning the wheel with me describes it as a visiting her mom's kitchen. It's friendly and obviously not making a huge profit on their work, and yet are a great resource for an introductory class.  I see people older than me, much younger, both male and female and everything else.  I hope you have a chance to give it a try!
