1	This place is an absolute disgrace.  Arrived and was seated.  Looked through the menu and there were some good options.   Our party ordered and it was all downhill from there.  I ordered the Cajun shrimp pasta.  The Price was quite a bit and the quality didn't come close, the portion was small and the "garlic bread" was 2 breadstick that look like they came from a grade school cafeteria...  My girlfriend and her father ordered steaks both medium rare, they came 10 minutes after everyone else's food and both were well done.  Her daughters Corn-dog from the kids menu was literally sopping with grease.Applebee's appears, from the menu and the prices, to be a competitor to Chili's but overall is a complete joke.  If you want this style food at the same prices and want it to be good go to Chili's.  Applebee's is an absolute disaster, bad food, small portions and mediocre service.  I would strongly recommend against!
1	This place sucks.. Our server had friends that had sat right next to our table and was not professional at all.. She ignored us! We kept waiting for service but everyone was too busy fooling around. There was even a hair on my bahama mama's pineapple. . Gross I told the server all she did was take the pineapple away.. Hello! I wanted that pineapple! Anyways the food here is too expensive for their service :/  ..
1	This place was absolutely disgusting! The server took about 10 minutes just to come greet us and she wasn't even busy. We weren't notified of any specials whatsoever even though it was Happy Hour. We placed our order and 3 minutes later we decided we wanted to change something to the order and the server told us the order was already almost done? Please tell me how my order was almost done considering I order the Chicken Penne. No matter what chicken and pasta takes about 10 minutes to be well prepared. And when the food came out it was disgusting. The pasta was chewy and hard and the chicken was pink and not throughly cooked. Which is why it only took 5 minutes to make. My boyfriend and I will never be back to this location ever again
