5	I cannot rave ENOUGH about Jeff.  I have an older home, and it was drafty as could be. I also have a twelve foot, all glass, sliding glass door with two panes, and of course, the day we move it, it got broken. I had four estimators come out to replace the glass door, then all the rest of the windows.  Jeff's estimate beat all others by several thousand dollars with the exact same brand of windows as his competitors.I had the door and two windows replaced first. Walter and his partner came out and in a matter of hours, not only did much of the draft stop, but I have a strong, draft proof, tempered glass sliding doors, plus gorgeous draft-free windows.  When they had to drill out my stucco to fit the doors and windows properly, they also repaired all the spots, and cleaned up the trash.  I literally had two windows out and a twelve foot hole in my kitchen wall at 9 a.m., and had an open house at 4.  It was that efficient.He now is replacing a door with a high security top of the line door, in a price that was incredibly reasonable, and the rest of this summer, I'm having Jeff do all of my windows.  Incredible service, great prices, solid work team isn't some subcontractor hired out of a rolodex to install a window.  If you'd like photos of his work, please see his website or contact me on yelp!
5	I have to say that I had a great experience with Jeff and his company. Jeff came over and provided me with a free estimate and was very thorough with any questions that I had about the product. I also compiled 3 other estimates and even though another company came in a little more affordable my wife and I  thought the Simonton windows that Jeff provided were of better quality so we decided to go with Jeff.On the day of installation Walter and his crew came over and only took 2 days to install all 17 windows. Walter was the consummate perfectionist and didn't miss a beat. In addition, I do have to say that Jeff actually got the windows in a week earlier than he said he would get them in which was a great surprise.Jeff and his staff did an wonderful job on the windows and my wife and I are very delighted to finally have our new windows in. If your even thinking about wanting to install new windows for your home make sure to at least consider Jeff and his crew. There's no obligation so there's nothing to lose. They are absolute professionals and you will be happy with the outcome. I do also have to say that yes, installing windows is a very expensive undertaking but you will save money in the long run and Jeff will give the best deal possible. I'm just looking forward to seeing those energy bills start decreasing!if you would like additional pictures or information please feel free to PM me.Thanks!
5	I have to say that Jeff,(the owner) Virgil and Kier (his installers) are the best there is in Las Vegas for windows. Contacted Jeff about 2 windows on our home that didn't open. Got a quote right then and there. He showed me a sample of the windows and explained how they were installed. He went thru the Simonton brand, their history and warranty also. If you are going to invest in new windows, you will not be sorry to deal with Jeff. Very professional and courteous. I was so impressed, I had him come back the next day for quote on 8 more windows. As promised, they came in in 2 weeks and install was scheduled for the following Monday. Virgil and Kier came at time promised (8-8:30 am). They were also very professional and courteous to me, my daughter and our animals. (Sorry you guys if your dogs got jealous of you being around mine!) Virgil explained where they were going to start and what was going to get done the first day. Everything went as he stated and even better. The second day, again, on time. They went right to work and got the rest of the windows finished by noon! There were two windows that my husband and I couldn't decide whether to do or not. After seeing how the home looks, we decided to have Jeff go ahead and order the last 2. The windows are great quality and well built. It has changed the whole look of our home inside and out!! I can feel the difference in our home staying cooler already (86 degrees today!) Jeff's guys cleaned everything up & cleaned the windows too! There was nothing left for me to do when they left except hang my blinds back up.Are there other companies that "will beat Jeff's price"? Sure there are, but you get what you pay for and I am so glad I went with Jeff and Just Doors. If you are looking for someone to ask you what he bid, they are trying to undercut him.  I would think twice about another company not coming in and doing their own measure, showing and explaining what windows they have to offer. You will not be sorry going with Jeff and his crew are excellent at what they do!  Jeff takes his time explaining from start to finish and everything in between!Virgil and Kier cookies will be served warm anytime you are in the area! You both rocked this job. And yes Jeff, I will bake you some too!
5	Update on the last 2 windows. Just had Virgil over to install our last 2 windows. Again, he was on time and professional. Windows went in perfectly and look grest. These last 2 completed and transformed our home!I just want to add that the wind we have had lately (52mph a week or so ago), I had to open my front door to make sure my wind chimes were still there. I could not hear them with these new windows! Our house is so much cooler and have not had to turn the AC on yet because the home stays so cool with the new windows. I did have to turn it on yesterday because of baking for a few hours. My husband noticed that we could not hear the AC Unit turn on!! The noise reduction is fantastic.I can not say enough about Jeff and Virgil and JUST DOORS & WINDOWS FOR LESS!!. You get MORE with this company than you would even anticipate. Thanks again gentlemen. I will recommend you in a heart beat for your service!And yes I did bake cookies again!
5	My husband and I had our patio slider replaced. Jeff came out, showed us some different options and gave us a free estimate. Virgil (the installer) came out and replaced with a beautiful slider that resembles a French door. All I have to say is love, love, love our new slider!!! Great job guys! Would highly recommend Just Doors! You will not be disappointed!
5	Coming close to our retirement years, my husband and I are so happy with our decision to upgrade our much needed old windows with new Simonton windows and to have them done by Jeff and Virgil from Just Doors Inc & Windows for Less. We had all 15 windows replaced in our 20+ year old home, and what a difference it makes in not only the appearance of our home, but also the outside sound has minimized to practically nothing. I think the only sound we do hear is coming in from our old doors (which we will have them do as well, in the future :-) Loved the professionalism and friendliness that Jeff showed during his demonstration ,and we got the estimate right on the spot before he even left our home.We were appreciated that he didn't try to cut down other companies during his demonstration, (as another company had done). He just demonstrated his product very thoroughly with samples to choose from and knowledge to answer any and all questions we had. He didn't pressure us to make a sudden decision and told us we could call him with any further questions we had after he left. The windows came in after about 10 days and Virgil and his assistant came on time the same week to start the amazing transformation of our home (which only took about  1 1/2 days). They were very clean, meticulous, efficiently hard workers, and took care and consideration of our 2 small dogs as well.And to show how impeccable Virgil is with his work, he had noticed a slight dent on one the smaller window frames (that I seriously had to look very close to even see) and insisted on having Jeff reorder a new one, which Jeff did immediately. It should be here soon. Now we can sit back and enjoy the peacefulness and energy savings!!!
