5	Small and intimate, the fun kind of Yelp event. But they had me with CHOCOLATE. Samples to start and then a super demo from the owner. Learning about chocolate and how its made and formed. By hand!I had fun with the cookie decorating, even if I wasn't especially creative with my striped candy cane.The chocolate isn't cheap at all but it is hand made here in the shop. It's tasty stuff! And they ship.Really awesome getting to shop local with Yelp.
5	What a great local shop! Loved Meeting the owners and taking a look behind the scenes at how they make some of the yummy confections. The coffee was really smooth and tasty as well. Thanks Nikki for hosting such a fun get together!
5	As with any Yelp Event, this certainly earned it's 5 Star Review! Why? Because it's friggin' AWESOME gourmet chocolate, that's why! And Nikki chose such a cozy place. This event was limited to about 20 or so of us Yelpers, and Robin, her Mom and Dad (the main pastry chef) really did a TREMENDOUS job in being gracious and personable hosts to our event!They provided us a sampler plate of truly "gourmet" chocolate....which seems to be all the rage these days. There was a "chocolate pate," a peppermint truffle and which chocolate with orange peel and cardamom! All were unique and delicious.Then Robin, the daughter and "bon bon" specialist gave us a tour of the "kitchen" which is significantly smaller than the one in their Cotswold location. She showed us the difference between a "bon bon" and a "truffle" (which is a term that we learned gets terribly misused and abused). It was informative and fun!We then got to play with "Dad" who showed us how to use a piping bag to decorate Christmas Cookies! Woo Hoo! Mine turned out looking like something from a Salvador Dali acid trip but hey, it was a blast!They gave us a 15% discount and I took them up on it by buying the 16 box of truffles and 3 chocolate roses for a friend. It turned out to be quite the deal because true "truffles" can be $3 or even $4 EACH in some "gourmet" chocolate shops. With the discount they came out to be less than $2 a pop! Not bad for such high quality and delicious chocolate!All in all a GREAT time organized by THE BEST YELP COMMUNITY MANAGER IN THE WORLD MS NIKKI W! WOO HOO!
5	What a cozy place.  This was a "toned down" Elite Event but that in no way detracted from the experience.  As usual, Nikki greeted us with the warmest of welcomes.  Nikki just has that natural ability to make you feel comfortable and at home.  We started with a sampler platter highlighted by a chocolate pate. We then were given a lesson in cookie decorating with various color butter creams.  It was much easier than I thought.  And, there were some really artistic people present!  The cookies were homemade graham style.  I "sampled" a couple of them.  Simple and delicious.Nikki then bought us all drinks.  I had the peppermint "sipping chocolate."  It was very smooth and of course chocolatey. We were given a Bon Bon class in the kitchen. Such a delicate procedure.   The night ended with some nice lurches of various items in the store, and, a gift from Nikki... A Yelp Coffee Mug. Thanks Nikki.
5	Bill & Karen, if you're reading this - adopt me pls, tks.  I mean, who wouldn't want to be a part of their family-run business?  They make chocolate all day, erryday, and their product is spectacular.  Chocolate aside, these local owners are just some cool cats. It was great to hear their story of rising up from doing the whole farmer's market thing to opening up two Secret Chocolatier locations.  99% of the charm of this place is the owners for sure.  1%?  That Cardamom bark tho, son - delish.An intimate group of Yelpers got together on a cold night out in Ballantyne to try some of their amazing chocolates, stay hot with some warm tea and lattes, and design some Christmas/Hannukah* graham crackers.  Plus, Robin, my future sister, was all smiles as she showed us the art of making bon-bons.  Try as I might, I couldn't quite convince Robin that I'd be more than happy to "clean" the metal bowl that caught the excess chocolate...BTW, "excess chocolate" is not a real thing. We also spent some time rapping about Yelp's Talk scene, former trolls, and all things great about Charlotte Yelp.  Overall, a memorable time.Appreciate our CM, Nikki, for organizing such a genuinely, feel-good event.  The people, the product, the activities (designing cookies and learning how to make chocolate) was perfect.  SC may be sweet, but our CM might be sweeter!  Tks, Nikki.dmo out * Can confidently say that my dreidel graham cracker was the best there :]  Learned my lesson at Yelp ABEgg event last year when I designed a Santa cookie that looked more like a hobo cookie compared to others.  This year - no dreidel graham crackers to compare against!
5	What a great little event..! It's always nice to get together with a small group of great people and last night we did just that! Thank you to Bill, Karen & Robin for having us out to there AWESOME chocolate shop! I would like to thank my friend Paul C as well. I was running a little late from my soccer game and he saved a few pieces of chocolate to sample. THANKS PAUL!!Robin gave us a quick truffle making 101 in the back which was fun and interesting. I always wondered how those little gems were made. It was great to hear Robin speak about how they got into the chocolate making business --No one in the family went to any sort of culinary school. Bill learned from his dad, Robin then learned from Bill, so on and so on -- it's amazing. There's nothing better than seeing a mom and pop shop grow and do well.We also got to decorate our own cookies which was great fun-- shout out do Dan C. for the awesome Dreidel. Clever, creative and he even got to sample his cookie before decorating -- BRILLIANT. I wish I had done the same because I only tried mine once I got home and they were delicious lol. Lastly, a HUGE thank you to Nikki for putting this all together!Stay Yelp'n my friends!
5	Very very lucky to have been a part of this event.  Aside from Another Broken Egg, I hadn't really been to any of the other shops or restaurants in this shopping center.  It is pretty easy to miss if you are speeding down Ballantyne Commons, but its nice they have a light at Community House now.  Was pleasantly surprised with what The Secret Chocolatier has to offer and definitely will come to support this family-run, owned, and operated business.This location is their 2nd, with the one in Cotswald being their "flagship."  It was great hearing their story of how they started in the farmer's market and worked to these two locations.  I'm not usually a big sweets person, but this shop definitely had me thinking twice.  Their creations are beautiful to look at and even more fun to partake in.Being an idiot... I somehow thought this location was next to the Ballantyne Theater, but I was wrong, and definitely late (Sorry Nikki W!).  I had not missed much of the fun since I got to decorate my own graham cracker reindeer, check out the shop, and get the bon-bon kitchen deluxe tour with Robin.Really fun seeing the elite crowd in such a cozy space.  I got to meet the folks without wearing my ninja turtle costume (Getting Freaking at the Factory)- good to put names with non-costumed faces.With the holidays coming up, what is not better than the gift of chocolate - or even just sharing a sweet treat with a loved one.  These guys can hook you up hardcore with some unique and memorable gifts.
5	This cute little gourmet chocolate shop was perfect for this chocolate addict! The display cases are filled with truffles, bon bons and baked goods.This was a great Yelp event! Thank you Bill, Karen and Robyn for making my evening delicious. I really enjoyed decorating grahamcracker cookies with colorful chocolate. Mine was gone on the car ride home...Whoops, but it was soo good! It was great meeting fellow Yelpers in person. Thank you Nikki for setting up a great event!
5	I am so glad that I was able to attend this awsome event!!  When I first arrived, we were given samples to taste...my fav of the 3 samples was the chocolate pate, although the other 2 samples were good too.  I enjoyed decorating the cookie & my significant other enjoyed eating it later! I tried the sipping chocolate with cardamom, and it was very good... but because of the sweet richness, a little bit goes a long way.Since my SO was not able to attend, I promised to bring back some goodies for him. His favorites were the peanut butter bon-bon, the milk chocolate/banana/peanut bark, salted carmel, and milk chocolate truffle. I really enjoyed the cherry enrobed in dark chocolate.The entire evening was a lot of fun and many thanks to The Secret Chocolatier for their warm welcome & hospitality. I love the fact that this is a local family-owned business & will definitely be going back soon!! Also thanks to Nikki forcplanning this event! :-)
5	I loved this Meet the Maker event! It was such a pleasure meeting Bill, Karen & Robin. Their passion for chocolate was clear from the moment we walked in to the event. The chocolate samples were decadent and the cookie decorating was a fun touch. This little Charlotte gem is here to stay! Can't wait to head back for another piece of the cardamom bark... YUM!
