3	I'm actually glad that they came into the lunch scene for UW engineering and science geeks. This place was something else before, but the interior renovation was well done to create a welcoming atmosphere. As the name suggests, a shelf of books against all the walls surround this place making it ever more easier for nerdies(including myself) to feel comfortable. On the menu are extensive list of grilled sandwiches and burgers. Vegetarians can also find something tasty-sounding like portabella mushroom burger. The order comes with sides (fries etc), and the portion is big enough that I can't finish everything that's served. The service can be bit slow, so if you are in hurry, you might want to skip this place and go to Subway next door.
5	This place has been here over a year.   It has great food and is a great place to catch dinner or a drink prior to a Badger game (they have a bus for Boys basketball games).  I recently made it to the Library after the homecoming football game.  Our party of 6 was able to find a place to sit and enjoy some drinks.  For Football games before, during or after this is the place to be because the prices are lower and the food is much better then it is down the street by the stadium (and you can enjoy the game on their 3 plasmas).  Parking is not an issue at night.  Lot 20 (the small ramp across the street) always has parking.
4	Love going here every time I visit Madison!  It's unique and cozy, especially with the fireplace in the winter.  The crowd isn't your crazy college binge drinkers, which I like even though I try to pretend I'm a coed.  My recent visit was after the homecoming football game, and like my friend Ryan E. said we were able to get a seat for 6 of us pretty quickly.  The menu looks good - but I have yet to try anything.  I do love that they make a mean coffee and Bailey's!
5	Edit (26Apr2009):  Had to move it to 5 stars since they recently added outdoor seating and a walk up window to order your morning coffee or your beer and one more TV behind the bar.
5	The Library Bar is a great place to get together on a Thursday night. It's far enough from the bars of downtown to avoid frat dudes, and the Engineering Hall parking ramp is free after 8pm! They have wine and espresso drinks in addition to usual bar-type things, which is nice for my varied group of friends.And, on a side note, we all want to catalog the books that line the booths. (We are future librarians.)
5	We've been having a regular weekly happy hour at the Library for the last couple of years--"we" being a group of graduate students, university staff, and professionals.  We love the atmosphere, and it's great to have a place so close to campus that is not at ALL the typical State Street-esque undergrad establishment.  The menu is not expansive, but pretty much everything on it is good--my partner's only complaint is that they only offer their salads at lunchtime.  I highly recommend the turkey sandwich with bacon and cheddar, the chicken strips, and the portobella burger.The owner and staff are awesome, too.  Yesterday, we had our engagement party there--they're normally closed on Sundays but they will do private parties.  It was wonderful working with Stephani to get everything set up; she was quick to respond to questions and very concerned with making sure that it was a great party for us.  She got the particular sparkling wine we wanted through her distributor, did fruit and veggie trays, and let us bring in some outside food from Sam's Club to round it out.  She also made me the best Salty Dog I've ever been served before the guests started to arrive.The space was very comfortable for the ~40 people who were there (official capacity is right at 100, but that wouldn't give everyone a place to sit).  It was a perfect engagement party venue for us, and we're looking forward to more happy hours there in the future!  On weekends and after 5pm or so, Lot 20 across University is free parking, too.
1	This place is really close to campus, good food, good beer, BAD service.I've had two bad interactions with the owner and waitstaff now. I had to wait 10 minutes for food that was completely finished and sitting on the counter as the servers chatted it up. They then got my order wrong and said they wouldn't do anything about it when I told them.Be sure to go prepared for a bad attitude. They're one of the closest bars to campus and they know they  have a corner on that market.
3	pitchers of beer + killin' it at euchre + fireside couching = the place to go after work or class
4	Pretty good local bar. It's easily the best place to eat near the university at that location.Burgers and sandwiches are good. Nice place for lunch or after work drink.
3	Whenever I hit up a game (or attempt to scalp tickets)...I usually end up at The Library Bar for a drink or two. I've never eaten here so I can't comment on the food, but it looked pretty tasty! Years back a friend and I stopped in, freezing, and a nice bartender made us a spiked cider. I haven't been able to get it here since then, but I dream of the day I can enjoy another one of those magical hot beverages. The Good:-It's a stone's throw away from Camp Randall-Pretty friendly and efficient bartenders-Tons o' books line the walls-Cozy fireplace-Decent amount of seatingThe Meh:-It can be incredibly crowded and in such a tight space, no bueno-Two bathrooms total -The crowd is very mixed. Sometimes it's douchey, drunk coeds and other times it's full or really funny professors and interesting alumni (game day crowd).
4	The "Cheers" bar for most of the Biochemistry department. No crap on tap. Good burgers and sandwiches for lunch or later. Fun pub quiz some Tuesdays. Interesting crowd, much more so than most University and State bars. -1 star for the coffee -- it's a nice feature, but my order could have been made better in half the time at Aldo's or Prairie Fire (though it's certainly better than the Union delis).
4	This is a cool bar. It's relatively small inside, but it's a cool environment and there's a variety of places to sit - high top tables, bar seating, cushy chairs and couches, etc. I can only speak for the beverage selection, and it's pretty solid. Typical impressive beer selection evident in most Madison bars and decent drinks. I've heard great things about the food, especially the sandwiches and wraps... looking forward to eating here sometime soon!
4	A cool beer selection (I can now tell everybody that I slurped down an Old Chub in Madison) and my bar favorite, couches.  We came in late so it wasn't very busy, but it seemed like a nice enough place to grab a beer next to campus.
5	Great food, great service, and fun conversation. It's nice to go to a bar near campus that isn't full of stupid frat guys. One of the best lunches near campus!
3	As a college student, I quickly get tired of the meal options we have on campus, so I was excited to try The Library as an alternative place to eat. The food was better than anything I eat on campus, but it was very simple and uninspired. Also, when one of our party asked if she could have her bacon prepared less crispy than normal for her avocado-BLT, she was informed that the bacon is precooked and just heated up when orders come in. Hm.... In addition, the kitchen area looked a little sketchy, though the plates were neatly prepared and the food tasted nice. The service was very slow, and there aren't very many tables, so if you go for lunch be prepared to be patient. Overall, decent but underwhelming.
4	The food was alright, but I thought this was a cool bar. The walls are lined with books and there are some comfy couches in the middle to sit on. If you get bored you can always grab a book off the shelf. The crowd was definitely mostly grad students. Oh by the way, did I mention they have $3 long islands?
4	Visiting Wisconsin this past weekend, a couple of friends and I were looking for a bar to hit up without straying too far away from the South Union. There wasn't much, but we did find the Library, and their odd schedule of specials (4-7pm, 7-close, 9-close). We were there in between 7 and 9, so we got to have cheap Long Islands! Oof...oh well, can't complain too much about cheap booze. No one can really, which explains why it was so packed.We also ordered some food; I got a brat with cheddar on it. I think it was pretty good - at the very least it helped keep the Long Islands from destroying me.We came back much later the same night, and this time we also qualified for $2 domestics. The place was pretty much dead at this point, but we didn't feel any weird pressure from the lone remaining bartender. In fact, he came by to talk to us for a bit which was pretty cool of him.Overall, a place that can be cramped at times, but when you're serving drinks up at those classic campus prices, it's worth dealing with.
2	The Library is one of several iterations that this location has gone through since I've been at the university.  It offers upscale bar food, which I've usually found to be pretty good.  It's funky and cool on the inside, with a good beer selection, an odd assortment of tables and chairs, and boasting actual books.  It does tend toward crowded and noisy at peak hours.  All that being said, my experience today somewhat soured my opinion of The Library.First, I would suggest that you sit in the patio area ONLY IF:1.) You are fond of bees.2.) You enjoy eating lunch within spitting distance of the Indy 500.3.) You think it's cool to watch little bugs boiling gently in your beer as you slowly roast in a 150 degree oven.  (Umbrellas would be a good idea.)Second, anyone who has read my recent ecstatic ravings about the smoked turkey sandwich at Brasserie V can appreciate that the bar in the turkey sandwich arena has been set very high.  So I can speak with confidence when I say that The Library's Best Turkey Sandwich Ever was...not.  Not even in the ballpark.  To whit: 1) the turkey was cut thickly, but lacked the wonderful smokiness of B. V's offering.  2) I generally like my grilled sandwiches to be hot on the inside, and this was not even warm enough to melt the cheese.  3) The overwhelming mayo was gagifying.  4) Most distressingly, I opened my sandwich to see the inner workings, and I was greeted by a couple of chunks of turkey that were clearly not cooked.  Please pass the salmonella?  Not best ever.  Not even good.  DISGUSTING.Gross sandwich aside, the Cajun fries were screw-it-I'm-going-to-be-fat-and-happy awesomely good.  The Library is a nice little hangout, and I'm sure I will be back for the odd after-work beer--but sans turkey sandwich.
2	After three and a half years working with business owners, planning events, trying to connect people to places worth praising, I've learned a lot. Now this is not to say I know everything there is to know about running a small business, I'd be running one if I did. But I do know a couple of things, and I'm about to reveal a million dollar secret that will take any business from bummer to bustling: PEOPLE FIRSTHuge, right? Now what do I mean by this? If you own a small business, you probably do so for several reasons... but your first should be people. You should want to turn on the lights, unlock the doors, welcome members of the community into your space and exchange something for the money patrons are spending at your establishment. People are your business. It might not be the only reason, but it's why you exist.I've been to The Library a few times now and each time I'm there I don't feel like I'm welcome. I understand the place is tiny, it's typically packed with drunk coeds, it's loud, there's little room to maneuver, all of this I understand. But I also understand that it doesn't take much to make people feel like you value their business and you enjoy them experiencing the things that make you so stellar in a hospitable way. The staff that I've encountered is anything but hospitable. I tell business owners, strive for 5, in other words control everything you can control and work to give people five-star experiences. You can't be 100%, 100% of the time, but a smile goes a long way. A thanks for stopping in, come back and see us again goes even farther. I'm not certain what they're striving for at The Library other than closing time, when they can turn the lights off, lock the doors and not have to deal with people until tomorrow.
4	Located just a block away from where I work, this on-campus little cafe and bar is a nice place for chilling out, and as expected, they do get busy, especially during lunch/dinner hours and their happy hours. Unless you are there for happy hours, I would suggest going during 'off hours' to avoid the crowd if you just want a place to hang out with friends or grab something for a meal. Before noon is usually fine, also the time between 2 pm and whenever their happy hour begins is also good. Note: They start serving loaded nachos after 2 pm, so that will be an awesome time to go!! Ok, back to those nachos, they are freshly baked to order. The serving is so big you can have it as a whole meal (and feel stuffed after), or share it with a friend (plenty to go around and fill you both up). Those nachos come with a generous helping of black olives, guacamole, cheese and a side of sour cream and salsa. Their chicken tenders are also one of my favs. Again freshly fried order. I love how they prepare all your food fresh. The strips of chicken are crispy on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside -- the perfect combo! Burgers are also a great choice, they have so many types of burgers to choose from, you won't have any trouble finding one to your liking. Oh, the fries that come with the tenders and burgers, how can I forget them. Cajun is best!! *yums*Noise level a little high, but it's a bar so it's not something out of the blue. The cafe also has very unique deco, just like what they are call -- the library. Be prepared to see books on shelves all around, almost every sort of books that you can imagine will likely be there, science, horror, fiction, biography, culinary etc. But don't worry, you don't have to read them if you don't want to ~~If you are looking for a nice cozy little place, stop by to give them a try. Snuggle up with some good food and a root beer, or go for a real beer.
2	I have heard so many good things about the Library Cafe and I left unimpressed.  I know it is meant to be small and cozy but I felt really uncomfortable.  It was really cramped and it was tough to find a seat.  The high top tables are hard to eat at, so I ended up in the corner.  I was only with one other person and once people began to move chairs around, we were trapped.  As it was my first time, I was confused that the menus were all on the front counter.  So the line grew as people contemplated their order.  I ordered the chicken pesto sandwich with tossed greens.  The sandwich was good.  It wasn't great.  It was a chicken breast, with pesto, cheese on a sandwich, exactly what the menu described.  The "tossed greens" were chopped romaine lettuce with balsamic vinaigrette.  Delicious but nothing spectacular.  I would come back for Happy Hour and sit outside.  Until then, I will probably skip another lunch trip.
4	Great for a quick lunch break if you work on the west side of campus and you haven't packed a bag lunch or if you're just tired of the South Union food court.I found the decor homey albeit a bit quirky, but I can definitely see how cramped it can become when it is busy. Also, it seems that the acoustics of the establishment aren't that great, because even with only a few tables filled during lunch time, it was pretty noisy. I ordered the jerk chicken sandwich (glazed BBQ chicken with a slice of pineapple on a bun) with a side of greens. The greens were a bit limp, but for the most part, I really enjoyed the food. The chicken breast was juicy and not at all overcooked. I also liked the sweetness of the pineapple in contrast with the tanginess of the BBQ sauce. All in all, for such a filling meal, the price was pretty reasonable. I'd definitely be open to trying more of the items on their menu or stopping by for a drink in the PM!
3	The Library is a small concrete bunker housed on a triangle piece of land between Johnson and University.  Your typical bar food offerings as well as coffee.  I went with the bacon cheeseburger.  I'm a big fan of bar burgers but the burger didn't live up to my expectations.  Just pretty meh.  Since parking is a nightmare around it's location, besides stopping in before a Badger football game for a cold beer, I can't imagine seeing myself coming back anytime soon.
2	Pretty good food. Has beer. Shittiest staff ever though. Every single time. Major assholes.
