3	The BBQ is decent, depending on what you get (the brisket is meh, the chicken is pretty good, the ribs are decent).  The Saturday college football viewing is nice.  The service is friendly, even when your kids are making a huge mess.  It's definitely going in the Saturday afternoon rotation.
4	Let's start with the food: Good ribs, good chicken, brisket is dependent on the day it seems. I'm a regular and have gotten fabulous brisket that is moist and smoky and also have had dry, tasteless brisket. The real treat in my opinion is the All-You-Can-Eat Fish Fry, served all day, every day. Speaking of service, this place is phenomenal. The people are awesome and friendly and full of energy, and the live music every Friday is a hit. This place is always packed on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night, and with the combination of service, food, and atmosphere, it's no surprise.
5	GO!!!!  My husband and I just moved to the area and have been here twice. We have every intention of going back for thirds, fourths, .....  ;-)  Ok, to start off with, the service is always top notch. The host and servers are genuinely friendly and make you feel like they are glad you're there. The main event...the food, is CRAZY good!  The first time we went we split a BBQ sampler for 2.  It was a great way to try a varitey of the meats, sides, and BBQ sauce.  The brisket, pulled pork, and  smoked chicked were juicy, flavorful and definitely something you'd crave to go back for!!!  The sides were got were baked beans, cole slaw, and mashed potatoes.  The baked beans are HEAVEN.  The flavor is insanely good and the BBQ sauce is perfect!  I will be craving these for sure!  The cole slaw and mashed potatoes were very good.The second time we went, I got a grilled chicken sandwich with cheddar and bacon. Fresh, flavorful, fantastic!  My husband ordered a brisket sandwich and said it was very tasty.  The finale, I need to write about an item that is not on the menu but you HAVE to order it or you'll be missing out.  It's the fried macaroni and cheese!!!!!!!!!!   It comes as two balls (one of each of us) and is served atop some tomato sauce. OMG!!!!!!!!!!   This was a lunch time meal and by dinner and I was bugging my husband to go back for another order of the fried macaroni and cheese!  I seriously hope they add this to their menu permantly because it's FABULOUS!!!!!!!!We've never had dessert here because we're always so full from the food but maybe some day.  ;-)   I do know we'll be going here a lot and are very happy it's in our neighborhood and so close by.  Keep up the great work, Tom's BBQ.  YOU ROCK BBQ!!!Very happy customers in Chandler, AzJ & D
4	best barbecue I've had since chicago .the brisket is phenomenal, and sweet coleslaw the way it should  be
1	3 strikes and you are out.  I've now given this place 3 tries.  Not going back again.  The service was not good and the food was only mediocre at best.
4	If you're looking for some local BBQ Tom's is that place. The pulled pork is great the service was also good. Check it out!Robert Pfeifer
1	The plastic in my pulled pork, overly dry hamburger for my daughter. The service was just nothing to write anything nice about.  I would suggest in the future if you like your food and wait staff sub par.  Too much to ask? I suggest if you serve plastic in the food maybe the manager could apologize, maybe even take that off the bill.  I'm still wondering where plastic would come from?
5	We've breakfast eaten here twice and it's been great both times! Chorizo is awesome, biscuits and gravy are superb! Sausage and eggs are good as well! Keep it up Toms!
2	Probably closer to 2.5.Last time we went we walked out because the server couldn't get to our table in under 10 minutes.  Why, because as I've noticed before, they were talking to other customers.  Not taking orders or something else...they were flapping their jibs.When your food is adequate at best, and the Red, White and Brew in your same parking lot has already gone out of business...now would be a good time to step up your game.
1	Most of the reviews that I have read below are correct as far as Im concerned. The food here is average at best, and the service was just ok.  In the past 12 years, we have eaten as seveal of Toms BBQ locations and have had better food/service.  Our waitress was friendly, but did not even ask how the food was, I think because she didnt want to hear 'so so'.  My husband had the rib plate, ordered with BBQ sause on the side, of course, it arrived drowned in BBQ sause, when the waitress dropped it off, she appologized for it but said she brought extra napkins for him (still dont know why if she noticed it, she didnt have to cook correct it prior to brining it out to the table) and I had the Buffalo Chicken Salad, again drenched in ranch dressing.  Honestly, how can you mess up a salad? Thats how!   Also, lunch 'specials' are $10 a plate, give or take a few cents, which in my opinion, isnt a great deal.  South Chandler struggles to have/keep good restuarants. As mentioned in another review, RED, WHITE and BREW has closed their doors, which is in the same parking lot. Atleast they had good beer and a cool place to go out with our without the family.  Im sure this place wont make it much longer either, as its never busy either.  It would be great to see Teakwood Grill, Joes Real BBQ or 5 Guys head south for us down here in need!Bottom line. Save your money and your time..
1	Where do I begin?Long ago I remember "Tom's BBQ" at Alma School and Warner.  It was decent.  Until San Tan BBQ came to town it was my favorite.  (Then San Tan closed and I discovered Joe's!!)  Tom's long-since left the place I remember.  Well, we were in the area of Chandler Heights and Gilbert tonight and thought "why not?".  So we stopped in.  After all, Yelp showed 3 stars.When we entered the place was packed.  Good sign, I'm thinking.  We were seated promptly, and the waitress came by quickly.  She wasn't much for chatting, but she was friendly and professional.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, my wife had the brisket sandwich.  We were very surprised how quickly the food came.  We both tried our beans first.  They were...OK.  Not really good, but not really bad either.  I removed the top bun because it seemed so small, but the meat was piled respectably thick.  Fine.  Put the bun back and take a bite.This is where it goes wrong.The meat was very tender.  That's about the best I can say about it.  The sauce was like a generic grocery store sauce.  Not bad, but not really good.  The meat seemed like it had been boiled, and then some sort of smoke flavor added.  It was nasty.  The "smoke" flavor was not right, and not good.  Almost like a burned flavor, but not quite that either.  The after-taste of that flavor lingered about an hour after we left.  (What is that?!)  Compare and contrast to either Dave's or Joe's (both of which are good, though Joe's is much better).My wife's brisket sandwich was no better.  Well, maybe a little better.  She said it also seemed like it had been boiled, but there was no smoke flavor at all (so she didn't have to deal with the after-taste like I did).  She was, however, a bit nauseated until after we got home.  I understand...my stomach felt like I had just had a Big Mac (that always leaves me a little queasy with the feeling of a rock in my stomach).It was further, but we should have gone to Liberty Market instead.  We thought about it, almost did it, but this was closer.  Bad choice.  Never again.
3	Ambience, okay. Ribs are good but if you ask for hot, it is for "gringos". Amy, our waitress was endearing.They had a musician that night, Jeremy(?) and he did covers of Incubus, Bon Jovi,etc, and he did a good job.
5	Big Fan of their Ribs, I was @ the AZ BBQ, tried a couple different ribs, but their's was the best. Awesome. When it comes to BBQ, I can care less how the place looks, as long as the food is great cause my face will get messy.....
1	I got a slightly bad feeling when I walked in to pick up our carry out order. It smelled like sewage!  There were three servers chit chatting in the front and one quickly pointed to the bar when I told the I was picking up. The small bar was fairly full, and lots of conversations going on. I had to stand behind two people who were really involved in conversation and I was practically on top of them and awkward. The bar tender didn't acknowledge me for a few minutes even though she looked right at me. Finally she grabbed my order and was super rude. She was definitely having a bad day.  The place was empty other than the bar, and I don't know why they don't use the servers who aren't busy to take care of the carry out orders!?Finally got home with the food.  Wow.  My husband opened his Jumbo Smoked Chicken dinner.  It was quite small, and just unappealing altogether.  Posted a photo of it, check it out.  The taste was like "rubbery ham".  GROSS.  Next I opened my smoked chicken breast sandwich.  Bun = hard, meat = full of fat chunks and gristle, sauce = the cheapest bottle at the store . Had to take off more than half of the "meat".  You can get better meat in precooked packages at the grocery store.  I will never eat here again and can not believe people go here at all.  NASTY.
1	The meat was disgusting! Not only was it "fatty"  every forkful of meat tasted like a mouth full of oil. Barf! I thought for a BBQ place it would be somewhat leaner and not dripping with grease. Never again! Not to mention the people are so-o incredibly rude that work there. I mean seriously? The place was nothing special.
5	I'm a vegetarian. Or so I was until I met Tom and his Pig Rig.No, seriously. For the past two years I've not had a speck of animal product in my diet. In a moment of weakness, my friend offered me a bite of her pulled pork sandwich. Having not eaten all day, I obliged. It was the best decision I've made in two years. Why, oh WHY have I not been eating Tom's pulled pork sandwiches my whole life? It was amazeballs: moist, delicious, flavorful, tender, delicious, juicy, zingy, delicious, delicious, delicious. I ate the whole dang sandwich. Needless to say, I don't think I'll be going back to my old, strictly plant-eating habits. Thank you, Tom, for opening up my eyes and making me realize what I've been missing out on - the best pulled pork sandwiches in Phoenix!Sorry, super cute piggies. You're just so ridiculously tasty. :(
2	We had not been to Tom's in awhile, but went for the Friday fish fry as it had always been very good on our previous visits. We didn't realize it had been sold, but could definitely tell a difference. The fish was ok, not nearly the same as it had been and their menu choices were more limited. Not sure what the new style will be like when they convert to the Louisiana BBQ, hopefully they do a better job with that.
