5	My new favorite local restaraunt! Shrimp pasta, carbanora flatbread and baked ricotta all to die far! Great wine selection amd perfect ambiance. Will definitely be here once a week.
4	Nice to have a new interesting restaurant nearby. Great relaxed atmosphere. Still working out some kinks. Highlights included the tuna carpaccio, the beef tartare and the arugula salad. Need to expand the wines by the glass offerings. Looking forward to another visit soon as they get more things worked out.
4	Walking around during the life is beautiful event and saw this situated in front of the stage where Echosmith was getting ready to perform.  Two large pigs rotating on an open fire, fresh garlic being mixed in their specially blended sauce and hearing the skin break as the fire traveled deeper into the pig was enough for me to try this place out.I got their pig wrap which was fresh pulled pork in a bed of their creamy garlic sauce and vegetables. Packed a lot of flavor and definitely was the food highlight for this years life is beautiful event.Next its off to the restaurant to try what else they have and if it was like that pork wrap then i know i won't be disappointed.
3	Found the food to be good.Interesting and imaginative and of very good quality but definately a little to pricy for the neighborhood.Ive worked at Red Rock since its opening and uless there is a drastic change in,or a new influx of clientele this restraunt will probally only survive as long as its predessors,Hachi,oyster bar,salt lick,cabo and terra rossa.Its a very good restraunt lost in a not so very good neighborhood.
1	What has happened to Summerlin?! And thank you hearthstone for following suit to terrible service and false expectations. Overbooking mutiple tables on reservations and the food has to be something amazing to make up for this. Always excuses and everything left to the imagination because someone with a reservation 30 minutes after us walks in way before us.
1	What happened to quality in Summerlin?! We spend 1000's a month on dining out and this is what you start us off with? 730 reservation only to watch someone at 8pm with a 8pm reservation name drop the Firtittas and get right in? So bad that I had to say that I personally trained the Firtittas and Satinis and voila we got right in. This food had better be amazing to make up for this and Elgin is one amazing server to take the brunt of this experience and still make us want to come back. He should be promoted.
1	Wait to go here. They do not have the ability to handle a Friday night. Had reservations for 730. Left at 815. Not once did a manager come out to explain or apologize. Hopefully they will figure it out.
3	No problems with my 6:45 reservation, restaurant is nice, decor is inviting yet casual. Service was ok: server was good but timing of courses was off. Main course arrived before salads, which (salads) seem to be a bottleneck. The salads were slow coming out, granted they were tasty and fresh. Timing issues must be solved quickly or it will become chaos for guests.Biggest opportunity is the portion size vs the price. Either the entrees are overpriced or the portions are too small, one of those two has to change to succeed. The shrimp pasta entree is a ridiculously small portion at that price. There is too much competition in Red Rock and with Wolfgang Puck and Crave in Downtown Summerlin, small portions could be a show stopper.I give it a 3 star to start but it certainly has the potential to improve and we will go back. Manager came to our table to apologize for the salads and bought us drinks and credited the salads. Nice but it's better and cheaper for them to solve those problems.
1	This place is a waste of time and money. Literally they wasted 3 hours of our night. Thank goodness we made up for it with friendly conversation with ourselves. The portions the five for the sharing plates and flatbreads are enough for one, however for 28 dollars you would think the Waygu Beef short ribs would be bigger than two measly squared pieces. The flavor and texture was good, but when I spend that much I want more than 4 oz of meat. The pasta dish was I'd guess a half cup for 24. Again not worth it. The biggest problem was the way they handle business. They told us they could get us right in on a Saturday night but needed to bus the table. It took 20 minutes to bus the table. After 8 of us were done eating, they finally brought out our entrees (beef and pasta) for those who ordered it; we felt the need to share our discontent with the server who then got the manager. Rather than the manager being cordial he was a straight up pompous douche. He spent 20 minutes giving us excuses as to why they took 3 hours and how it is standard operating procedure. Do not go here. Nothing would make me happier than to see something else in its place the next time I am at the Red Rock.
4	First impression was breathtaking. This place is absolutely beautiful. With the low reviews we still wanted to give it a shot. To start things off our waitress told us she didn't know that ham was pork lol & wasn't sure if the beef short rib meat balls were pork or beef. . Reviews read that portions are on the small side & priced a bit high.  I think it's true, but well executed. Only downfall was we found a huge chunk of white plastic in our mushroom pizza.. Didn't stop me from finishing it though. The situation was handled professionally and we were offered dessert and the pizza was on the house. Overall a great edition to the city and I'm 99% sure will be back.
3	Food is great. Everyone is very nice, but the delivery of the food is off. First time there, we ordered a meat and cheese plate, and it took forever. The manager came up and apologized. Nice guy and he got us a couple of drinks and didn't charge us for that plate, which was more than we expected. My only real complaint is the hostess. The first time I went, I didn't have a reservation and she tried to sit us a community table, even though the place was empty. Second time I went I had a reservation, and still didn't get seated for almost 20 minutes after the reservation. The place was almost empty again. The waiter said that they want to be the neighborhood spot for locals, so if that's the case, they should let the hostess know not to seat people without reservations at such a bad table. I'm sure that they'll work out the kinks soon and have the place flowing properly though. It's defiantly worth it just for the food.
4	The decor is BEAUTIFUL!The location is PERFECT!The staff is AWESOME! (Thank Ryan)The food is good, and the price is high. I thoroughly enjoyed my tomato soup appetizer and my husband enjoyed his salad... We're off to a great start! His steak came out with an actual bone on the plate, sitting upright, filled with bone marrow and a tiny spoon. I was repulsed, but he gave it a try and was then repulsed too! It completely killed his appetite and was hard to enjoy his steak with this disgusting "side dish" staring up at him. Here's a tip, GET RID OF THE BONE MARROW! Because the menu is set up for sharing, if you want your own entree you have to order a separate side dish. This should be code for "we want to UP-CHARGE you!" I got the chicken, it was ok. The broccoli was delish!When it was all said and done, dinner for two people was $140.  We ordered a total of 2 drinks, 1 soup, 1 salad, 2 entrees, and 1 side. We will go back, but order different items. My husband will try the oyster bar next time and I will try a flatbread instead. The table next to us had it and it looked good.
1	Ate a $19 flatbread pizza and was starving after I ate it all. Nice ambiance, bit I was hungry. My suggestion is to take a pass on this restaurant.
5	*I'm already getting excited, as I'm coming back to Hearthstone tonight as well!*This is a brand spanking new restaurant, so of course I wasn't expecting service to be impeccable. They're still working things out. But the food! I'm the type that will go to a place based on food alone, not service. I found everything to be carefully crafted and downright delicious. Chef Brian sent out a wide variety of items (listed below):Charcuterie plate (loved. It came on the cutest pig plate)FJ&G their version of fois gras, hubby's favorite!Ricotta w/ truffle honey; the toast serve with provided the perfect crunchy, chewy texture to go with it. I can't believe I liked it, as I normally don't like ricotta and usually hate truffle. 2-year-old loved it too!Flatbreads: we got the classic margherita and also the carbonara. Carbonara was outstanding. I wish it had been baked slightly longer. Rotisserie chicken, as expected but perfectly cooked and seasoned. Yogurt: really great!  I only wanted savory items though, so only took a bite. Stuffed dates; my least favorite. I just thought it was overly stuffed with chorizo. Meatballs; outstanding. I could taste chunks of steak or something. I'm sure there were two or three more things I'm blanking on, but the food was amazing. Seasoning was perfect and not crazy salty. I liked the smaller portions that the other yelpers complained about, as I could try a lot and share without getting stuffed. Going back tonight to try more things and maybe even dessert!  I will have to try a cocktail too!
5	Good food good drinks! Meatballs are a must have. Beef tartar was really good too. Chorizo stuffed dates, yes plz! Tried the salmon entree and it was delicious. My girlfriend got the beet salad and she loved it. Staff was super friendly and service was good. Def coming back.
2	Arrived to Hearthstone Kitchen & Cellar at about 5:30pm. The hostess asked if we had a reservation and when we said no they quickly said that they were "fully committed," but could put us on a waiting list. We were completely fine with the wait until we started looking around and there were A TON of open tables. After asking about the open tables the girls repeated that they were "fully committed," and we could not be seated at any of the open tables. Disappointed, we decided to go eat at one of the nearby restaurants. Our car was parked in the Red Rock parking lot so we walked back through Hearthstone and (not to our surprise) they STILL had a bunch of tables opened. Knowing the restaurant business turning away business is always a bad thing to do. I give Hearthstone 2 stars because the decor was right up my alley. Maybe one day I will be lucky enough to get a table and be able to update my review. As for now I would rather stick to my favorite restaurants.
4	Second Visit:D.O.C. Flatbread - Buffalo Mozzarella + Basil + ChiliCharcuterie Board - 3 Meats, 3 Cheeses, Truffled Honey, Fig Jam, ToastRoasted Artichokes - Provence Style + Lemon & Black Garlic YogurtStuffed Dates - Chorizo + Bacon + Piquillo Pepper GravyMeatballs - Braised Short Rib + Goat Cheese + TomatoCharred Octopus - Smoked Potatoes + Rocket + Chorizo AioliButchered Steak Tartare - Pickled Vegetables + Truffle ToastHearth Cooked Wings - Black Garlic + Chili + RosemaryFG&J - Foie Gras Mousse + Virginia Peanuts + Housemade JamCrabby Snacks - Lemon Dill AioliRotisserie Potatoes - Jalapenos + Rosemary + Sea SaltRoast Suckling Pig - Mustard + Apple Butter + Pork JusWild Arugula Salad - Citrus Poached Leeks + Toasted Hazelnuts + Ricotta SalataLobster Polenta - White Corn + Mascarpone + ChivesWagyu Short Rib - Stout Braised + Ricotta + Broccoli RabeCalabrian Shrimp Pasta - Housemade Pasta + Hawaiian Shrimp + Calabrian Chili + Meyer LemonSpiced Apple Tart - Cream Cheese Dough + Walnut Frangipane + Sour Cream Ice CreamPeanut Butter Lava Cake - Butterscotch + Roasted Banana + Brown Butter Ice CreamButterscotch Pudding - Cookie Butter Crunch + Whipped CreamMaking my second visit in three weeks to Hearthstone, this time with a quartet of friends in tow, suffice it to say that Brian Massie and Light Group's newest spot at Red Rock has seemingly found its audience - a packed house with hour-long waits when we arrived at 8:00pm - and although service was clearly belabored by the crowd the kitchen continued to shine, all nineteen plates experienced showing a deft hand for balanced spice profiles, superlative textures, and in the case of a nightly special the kind of backyard decadence rarely found in any indoor environment, let alone a casino restaurant.Suffering from lackluster hostesses, clearly hired for their look as opposed to their ability to read a reservation, it was at an outdoor table with the sort of service prone to drop off plates with no description while pushing drinks as "yummy" or "delish," that we were originally seated and eventually making it evident that such behavior was unacceptable it was only then that the meal improved, though the nicely blistered pizza, well sourced charcuterie, and plates of tender meatballs beneath blistered tomatoes as well as stuffed dates atop a bed of smoke and swine had already impressed.Eventually moved indoors when the wind picked up and dropped the temperature by about 20 degrees it was next at a tall eight-top that we were seated and with service improving dramatically with visits from the dining room manager, Chef Massie, and others soon to follow the subsequent cuisine was a Chef selected mix of the menu's best - the charred octopus again exemplary with the crab toast light and sweet, the foie this time entirely creamy amidst crushed peanuts while the tartare was so smooth and well balanced by the pickled vegetables that it essentially reinvented the tired old dish into a beef presentation I'd consider 'must order,' a rarity to say the least.Obviously intending to impress with a giant wooden platter of perfectly picked swine topped in ample amounts of crispy skin it simply goes without saying that the Hearthstone's suckling pig outperforms the bland $125 quarter-swine at Bazaar Meat for best I've tasted in the valley but with the addition of roasted pork jus dripped through the rotisserie potatoes the dish reached even higher ground, a pot of apple butter atop toasted bread and a lightly dressed salad adding a bit of levity to the courses' otherwise intense heft.At this point fully sated but happy to experience more it was in two 'entrees' that we indulged and with the shortrib expectedly fork tender as broccoli rabe provided a bitter textural foil the spicy chittara pasta was no less impressive, a pile of snappy shrimp with sweetness intensified by a spritz of Meyer lemon almost outshowing my second experience with a creamy side of lobster polenta...almost, were the later not again one of the best sides I've experienced this year.With the clock now approaching eleven, and all but those gathered around shuffleboard and the bar thinning out, it was again to a long conversation with Chef Massie that the table was treated and joined by his second-in-command as they discussed upcoming ideas and concepts it was to a trio of desserts that the night concluded, the lava cake and pudding again showing strongly while the tart that had sold out during my previous visit was nothing less than exemplary, an American classic gussied up with bittersweet frangipane as autumnal aromatics danced lightly amidst subtly sour ice cream.
4	Cannot wait to go again. We had reservations for a Friday night, but we're told our table wasn't ready.  Not a big deal, we enjoyed the bar and our table was ready about a half hour later.  Our server was adorable and bubbly, we love the decor and menu options.  We ordered the seafood platter for $90, it was very fresh, but I felt for the price there should be more.  I'm comparing the Hearthstone platter to smith and wollensky on the strip, which for the same price blows it out of the water! I was a little put off with price to food ratio, but the chef sent out a few complimentary dishes, which I felt made the platter a little more palatable. The steak tartare was to kill for and the pizza was amazing too.  I love the draft beer selection and the shuffle board tables.  Overall, despite the reservations and the over priced seafood platter I will be back.  We actually tried to make reservations for last night, but we're told they were full. I can't be mad because the place is really that good.  We were able to get in at wolfgangs next door at downtown summerlin and we had an equally good experience.
2	Went here for a business dinner this week.  The look of the restaurant is trendy and okay but in no way inviting for an extended meal.  Tables for a party of more than four are high-tops with exceedingly uncomfortable bar chairs.  One of our party has had knee replacement and couldn't have her leg hanging from the stool/chair for and extended time.  We asked for one of the lobby stools to be brought over for her to rest her foot on; the wait staff was unable to accommodate this and told us it would have to be a manager (the manager never showed) but the wait staff kept coming by to find out if the manager had satisfied our request (we were there nearly 3 hours it never happened).Everything in the restaurant is hard surfaces which leads to a very LOUD room, the only saving grace to this was the staff didn't increase the volume of the music with the volume of the patrons.  As it was it was so loud you could only hear the person immediately next to you, forget about having a cohesive group conversation with the 7 people we had there for dinner.  The wait staff is done "team style" which is good in theory but leads to a lot of disconnect between what we asking for versus what we were being given.Regarding the food:Its billed as rustic American cuisine; however, its very French and Italian - sorry but this gave me a chuckle as I was reviewing the menu.  Cocktails -  Mojito - she returned it as undrinkableRed Sangria - she said it was alright but rather weak in flavor.Bottle of red wine - unsure of what it was but the others started doing internet searches on its value and rating which led me to believe they weren't overly impressed with it.Appetizers - Abe Froman flatbread - was told that it was good but way to heavy with fennel for my taste.Carbonara  Flatbread - was alright, I've had better.Roasted Artichokes with Black Truffle Yogurt - this was pretty tasty and we all seemed to enjoy it.Dinner - We had several with duplicate food orderings.Rotisseri Chicken & Roasted Fingerling Potatoes with Jalapenos  and Roast Broccoli- Chicken was okay, moist not dried out, could have done without the charred thyme stalks. Potatoes were tasty but randomly seasoned.  Was told that the broccoli was not worth ordering again.Wagyu Burger Special - he said it was good but only ate half of it so I was left wondering.Wagyu Short Ribs - he seemed to be satisfied with his.Pesto Shrimp Pasta - was told it was good but she felt over priced.Desert - Peanut Butter Lava Cake - everyone said this was good but they couldn't have more than a couple of bites.Apple Tart - was very good according to all.Blood Orange Sorbet - was really looking forward to this and sorely disappointed, tasted like it was made with Tang and red food coloring.All in all I'm glad someone was able to put this on their expense account.  I don't see that any of us that live here will be returning for another meal.
3	I've been wanting to try this place and last night I finally went.  It was quite busy, since it was Saturday night and it is a new place.  The wait for a table was one hour at 8:00 p.m., but there was open seating at the coffee table at the back, so we went for that.  I love the decor and ambiance. The feeling is like being at a very laid back wealthy person's suburban or country home. Not flashy, but luxurious while remaining casual. The service was good but the food was just OK.  My friend and I each had a cocktail ($12 each, which is the going rate these days) and we split the hummus, meatballs, and stuffed dates. The hummus was served with flatbread that I liked, but the dip itself was NOT good. The texture was oddly fluffy and the flavor was lacking. Not bad, just bland. The short rib meatballs were OK. Not worth $12 for three mediocre meatballs, but not bad. Just not special or very good. The stuffed dates were OK. I have had these at a lot of other places (Firefly and Cafe BaBa Reeba, among them) and I think that they were also overpriced and just OK. Our tab, with the above was $60 before tip. I would go back for a drink and maybe to share different small plates but I am not in a hurry to go there again.
3	I can understand why Hearthstone gets the mixed reviews that it does. A few friends and I had dinner reservations at 6:30 on a Sunday. Coming up to the hostess podium, I could see that there was not much action going on in the dining room. I was early, went to the bar and grabbed a drink. The specialty cocktails are on the sweeter side. The service is was nice. The back area is pretty sweet. With two shuffleboard tables and a comfortable sitting arrangement, it could definitely be a place to chill with your friends, grab a few drinks and light bites.It caught me a little off guard was when the hostess came to find me at the bar and asked if I wanted to cancel my reservation. I told her that I was just waiting for my party and they should be here soon. It was only 6:20. I was informed that if I wanted to be sat, I could without them, otherwise they would be giving away my table. Okay... I will be sat then. Good thing another friend had shown up and we began to order. Apparently the chef's special meat and cheese board sometimes does not include a cheese. That was when we went about customizing our own board. Sadly, the pickles were probably the best item we got on the board. When I think about charcuterie boards, I think about a small variety of different items to sample. Especially if there is an option for the chef to highlight his best items of the day. The oysters were decent. Nothing spectacular. The foie gras with strawberry jam was fantastic. I could eat that all day. I ended up scrapping the container clean. The harvest quinoa salad was a nice balance of texture and flavors. The charred octopus was tender and a hit. When it was the time for mains, we were all getting full. Instead of doing multiple entrees, we just did their special 40oz tomahawk ribeye. This was probably the worst part of our meal. I was shocked when it came out 20 minutes after we ordered. Yes, we asked for medium rare, but that would have been a record in cooking time. No sear or car on the outside. I cut into it near the center and sure enough it was raw. We sent it back and it came out medium well. Oh, well. You can't win them all. We did however get the lobster polenta and the roasted squash with burrata. Both side dishes outshone the steak itself. We left stuffed. I just wasn't sure if I would order some of these items again. I definitely liked Hearthstone enough to go back again. Maybe just for casual nibbles and some drinks.
5	SO glad this cozy place opened up! Great ambience.. Chic decor... And the staff catered to us well, specially to my 7 year old son! So, don't be afraid to bring your kids and make it a family night. We were sat promptly and our server was knowledgeable, upbeat and welcoming.  The food is a perfect mix of comfort and traditional with a touch of high end and a punch of flavors! Absolute MUST order.. The foie gras and jelly! YUM! I'd recommend this place a million times over.. Either for a night out with the family or a chill evening out for cocktails and good times with friends!  Look forward to dining there again!
4	Wanted to try a new spot and was recommended to try out Hearthstone by a friend. Great decor and energy. Especially loved the food! Must haves on the menu are the  Steak Tartare, Deviled eggs, Charred Octopus and the Charcuterie! Enjoy!
4	The vibe here is loud and echoey but friendly. It's eclectic decor reminds me of the beach, France, the northwest and Swedish grandmas basement. All good things that I'm not sure go together. When you walk in from the casino side it has a vintage feel, when you sit down it feels like a seafood restaurant in oregon. Then, he menus has mostly steaks as the main meals. I'm saying all this in a positive light because it needs to be explored. I had crab cakes that were cold, wet and very very tart with lemon juice. Served on little toasts. Crab meat was plentiful. The tomato bisque very very good but tepid. I was so hungry and it was so good I didn't send it back. It was like they added the cream last and it cooled it off because corners were warmer. I would order this again! My husband got the meatballs and I ordered the macaroni and cheese. He ate them so fast so apparently it's a winner he said moist but not greasy. I would not get that mac again. The noodles are small and chewy and not of the macaroni size. They used chopped nuts instead of bread crumbs on the top and all it did was throw off the taste and texture. It also was like cheese soup with noodles floating in it. I took it home to see if the flavor would blend better later and I wouldn't order this again. My husband also had the burger and fries and said they tasted great. The service is amazing and the staff is friendly. We want to go back as the oysters were calling my name.
5	I'll be honest, I was pretty hesitant about coming here bc of a couple of the reviews, but when I went there last Saturday, I did not experience any type of hiccup food-wise or service-wise. - The servers were able to recommend some amazing starters and entrees- The portions could've been a little bigger, but it wasn't too disappointing.- I LOVED the carbonara. Fried egg on pizza??? So good. - The only thing I do wish is that we sat in the outdoor area!! - My family and I met the manager, awesome guy! Really made us feel at home. -The servers were accommodating and VERY on top of things. It felt like we were eating at a restaurant with The Strip quality, but with the local feel that I love most about Vegas. Highly recommended for us special locals!!
3	3 1/2 stars. We made a reservation for 4 on Saturday night. We had to wait in the lounge about 20 minutes past our reservation time. No biggie. We reviewed the menu and chatted. I didn't drink but my dining compadres had mixed reviews of their cocktails. One good, one bad. Pricey, as expected, around $12. Ambiance is very cool. Decor is awesome. It's noisy and upbeat inside. Casual, hip, and comfy all at once. Nice room. Perfect spot for a drink and some snacks. There's shuffleboard too. We tried loads of items and shared everything. Grilled octopus, stuffed dates, four gras mousse, clams, tuna carpaccio, pork rillette, mozzarella flatbread, meatballs, squash. They will give you bread upon request which was needed. There was not enough served with the rillette or foie. The stunners were the octopus and dates. The octopus was so flavorful and tender. The dates were big and scrumptious. It was very cool that the server offered to change the serving to 4 so we could each have one. The squash was under seasoned and cold. The rillette was very bland. Clams had a delicious favor but were tiny so a bit dry. Foie mousse was good but very light on the foie flavor. Carpaccio and flatbread were tasty. Service was over zealous. They were super upbeat and friendly but we were slightly over served. There was constantly, and I mean constantly, someone asking how we were, asking to clear plates, filling water etc. I told 6 people I wasn't done with a plate because I was dipping bread in the sauce. I finally gave up and let them take it away. Arguably, this is not a bad thing. We certainly got everything we needed and had plenty of attention. But, it was to the point where you couldn't finish a sentence in the conversation without being interrupted. We had the peanut butter lava cake filled with butterscotch and finished with banana ice cream. Absolute perfection. Very clever and delicious. All in all, a very nice and delicious experience. I would definitely return. Items are great to share for 2 people. Most are too small to share with 4. 6 drinks, and bunches of tapas was $211 for 4, so $251 with tip. Certainly a pricier than usual dinner, but a fun addition to Summerlin.
3	Four of us had a nice dinner & service was both friendly & attentive. Our tab over $325 + tip for drinks & several small plates, no entrees. The only reason I don't give more stars is because 1.) the seating throughout is not very comfortable, all small scale Danish bentwood loop armed chairs, tight for larger framed persons, even the thin teeny tiny guests looked huge in these chairs. I noticed. I could not imagine wedging myself into one of those chairs or barstools. While the side booths were comfy, thank goodness, they were U-shaped so difficult to hear from end to end with our party of four and the bustling atmosphere. How guests climb into those high barstools then scoot them up at the center sharing tables is beyond me? They cannot be comfortable. The lack of comfortable seating via armless chairs is a huge design flaw in an otherwise hip interior space. It's like flying economy at first class prices. 2.) we shared many plates yet were not provided with any serving utensils, extra clean plates, or plates to put our discarded seafood shells off our main plate. So we had to double dip each using our own used silverware. Good thing we are close friends without colds. The sauces left from the first served sides, like runny oyster water, mixed on the dirty plate and wetted the crust of the later served sides like flat bread pizza, which was not a good thing. I consider this a major oversight in dining propriety & service. 3.) portions were small for the price, and we were not offered bread. My husband made a sandwich when he got home....
4	Delish! A big thank you to the GM for making room for us at the bar in front of the pizza ovens. We came by on a Saturday night without a reservation and it was packed. Every seat was filled, including in the bar/lounge area.Service was a little choppy. Everyone we interacted with was pleasant, but sometimes few and far between. Management was great. The food was delicious:-Deviled eggs-Baked ricotta (MY FAV!)-Pepperoni flatbreadWe also had some cocktails, champagne and a moscow mule-type of cocktail. The baked ricotta was my favorite! It came with crusty bread slices and a little pot of honey. The perfect starter.End result, I will definitely return!
4	Came in on a Wednesday evening with my friend and were seated right away. The atmosphere and decor were really cool atmosphere. The servers uniforms were also pretty cool! Service: really good. They were on top of everything and very friendly. Pierre was our server and made some great recommendations. Our Busser Jose was also very sweet and made good recommendations as well.  Food: everything we had was great. there are also of more items I would like to try.
5	So my boyfriend and I came here this evening, thought we would try something new and off the strip. First of all, the atmosphere is very hipster/ NYC ish. Love it! We got a charcuterie board with salami, pepperoni and pecorino cheese with stone ground mustard and truffle honey. I could have eaten the honey by itself with a straw but I didn't wanna be that weird person lolThe baked ricotta was hands down the best thing we tried. It came in a deep dish and was still warm from the oven. Again with truffle honeyShort Rib Meatballs were delicious and paired very well with the goat cheese underneath.The DOC pizza was the only thing I didn't care for. It was  good, but lacking flavor. Crust was very thin and flimsy. Buffalo mozzarella needed some salt to set off the flavor. The pizza itself didn't have much sauce either. But I ate it because I love pizza and I refuse to send food back.The Wagyu Short Rib Burger was delicious. Perfect portion and had a side of fries. Fries were GF free too!  Service was fantastic! Ryan A was our server, did a menu walk thru and gave recommendations. If you come in, sit in his section, he was very knowledgable ! At the end of our meal we decided that we would rather drive all the way up from deep henderson to eat here than deal with the hustle and bustle of the strip. Amazing find!
3	Greeted by a girl who forgot to button up her shirt- no class Vegas kids. The design and what they did with the space was great. The food was are good with the exception of the polenta and lobster dish. The lobster was cooked beyond the point of return. Staff needs more training and is rough but we will be back for the food.
4	Fun eclectic menu.  Friendly staff. Good food and the roasted Pig is awesome. Good selection of fresh oysters. Patio dining with fire pit is a great feature.  Look forward to attending wine events to sample their wines
5	Perfectly whole roasted suckling pig is to die for. It does not get any better than this. Need to order it the day before so they can roast it all day for you. The butcher steak tartar and tuna carpaccio was amazing. Bring more people and make a big tasting party out of it.  The ambience is cool. The service is great and the chef himself comes out and say hello and ask if everything is great. Great to have this new place in Summerlin.
3	The layout of the restaurant is wide open and has an exciting atmosphere. Booths along the wall and tables in the center. I suggest requesting a booth which are elevated by one step and provides a great view of the kitchen and bar. The booths seat four and are very comfortable. Our booth was directly across from the Suckling Pig Rotisserie.Our server was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Service was attentive by checking with us throughout dinner and refilling the water glasses.The menu has a wide selection of small bites as well as a choice of entrees. The Wood Roasted Clams looked interesting but was not available that night.The stuffed Dates with Chorizo, Bacon and a Piquillo Pepper sauce come 3 to an order and were very tasty. The pepper sauce added a nice mild flavor. The Meatballs,  3 to an order are made with Braised Short Ribs, goat cheese and placed in a pool of tomato sauce. These were juicy and perfectly paired with the tomato sauce. There are a several choices of Wood Oven Roasted Flatbreads. Really thin crust Pizza cut into 8 slices. The Primavera Flatbread has thin sliced zucchini, cherry tomato's and pesto. The crust was soft with a nice hint of smoke. The tomatoes juicy and tender. 8 slices are enough for 2 people.If the pricing was adjusted I would have awarded 4 stars. Considering the size of the shared plate items the price should be less. The Flatbreads are plenty large but the price is higher than other neighborhood places. Hearthstone does not have a Happy Hour which in my opinion could provide the means for price adjustment. For now my favorite among the places in Red Rock Resort restaurant row will remain the Yard House.
5	I was greeted immediately by very friendly hostess. The staff looks amazing and seems to carry themselves very well. My server was very informed on the menu and had some amazing recommendations. The baked ricotta with drizzled honey was fantastic and definitely my personal favorite, after the PBJ foie-gras. This is a new restaurant and I believe an excellent addition to Red Rock Casino and the Summerlin community. The great food and service definitely made my night enjoyable. Will definitely recommend and be back again
5	We decided to check this place out because it was off the strip and we'd heard really good things about it. When we arrived we were greeted by a happy hostess...the energy in the room was really good...everyone looked like they were having a good time. We didn't have reservations but were able to get a booth the was facing to the two hearthstone ovens. We started off with the beet salad which was very tasty...I wanted more but had to save room for the authentic Italian pizza we decided to try next...the prosciutto and poached egg on this pie stood out from any other I'd had before! I heard this place has a dedicated world class pizza chef! We tried the crab legs and the NY Sirloin for our main dishes and I paired it with a nice glass of red - Our server was very friendly, knowledgeable, and checked up on us regularly. I will definitely be back!
5	What a cool inviting restaurant. Makes you feel like your in your grandmas kitchen with all the sites and smells to go along with it. We found Hearthstone warm and inviting and can't wait for warmer weather to sit outside and enjoy the patio. We had the deviled eggs first and the pimento cheese center adds to the flavor. Next came the meatballs with an outstanding marinara sauce that I couldn't get enough of. A pepperoni & mozzarella flat bread pizza rounded off the meal then a nice glass of Merlot on the couch was a great way to relax and just take it all in. We'll be back to try the 40oz porterhouse for two.
3	Beautifully presented bland food. Everything looked and sounded appetizing but after taking a few bites I realized the flavors were not there. I could tell there was a lot of "hidden salt" in the food because I (and everyone else at our table) kept getting refill after refill on our drinks .. I'm still thirsty, now! The Gouda Mac n cheese needed a blend of a sharp cheese to complement the rest of the flavors. The chorizo stuffed dates need a better quality bacon and cooked a little longer for a crispy outer finish. It was soggy .. Gross! The meat and cheese platter didn't excite me either, it didn't provide a wow factor where I could set it apart from other restaurants meat and cheese platters. The service was a bit dusty and could use better training. Many times we had to ask for plates and utensils. The server didn't know the menu very well either which wasn't very helpful as it was our first visit to the restaurant. Aside from all that, the staff was very nice and approachable, the restaurant was set up beautifully and the dessert was UH-MAZE-ING!! It was a Peanut Butter Butterscotch Lava Cake topped with whipped cream, crushed peanuts and a side of banana ice cream. I must say it's probably one of the best desserts I've had , ever! All the textures and flavors were there. The best part is when I cut into the cake and all of the warm caramel-like filling came oozing out. And for the perfect bite you have to get a little bit of everything on your spoon and it's heaven in your mouth!
4	So we decided to do a girls night out, and my friend chose this place.  On Thursdays, they have wine tasting (Wine drinking).  It was really cool!  This is a very, upscale place, there appetizers aren't your normal appetizers!  Excuse me if  I spell this stuff wrong!  Duck liver (Foie gras) I looked it up!  lol  And Bacon covered dates, and steak Tartare (minced raw steak).  Sorry, I don't care for any kind of liver, I don't like dates, and I like my steaks med well!  So what they were serving up didn't sit well with me.   Then I guess they roasted a lamb with polenta!    I don't care for either one of those.  So needless to say, I didn't eat anything, but the wine......Which was the star attraction!   Was amazing!  I did know the name of it, but by the end of the evening........I forgot what it was, but it   was so good!  I'm pretty sure there doing it again this Thursday 12/18/14 if I didn't have plans already, I would be there!  Go check it out!  It was free!
2	Oh boy, where to start..  The wagyu beef burger - seriously, that is not.  It was a perfect copy of In-n-out. Three hours to get through dinner.  There is a big disconnect between the look of the place and the end result.  Needs a kitchen manager bad.  Not gonna be back. No way.  The staff was friendly, service was fair, but we waited a very long time for the "American" styled tapas.  A few sparks of potential, but the team just could not pull it off. I lament spending $21 for an In-n-Out burger. When my wife leaned over and said; "Nice cafeteria burger..." I knew this was not gonna end well, and it didn't. Ugh.
1	Huge disappointment! When we first walked in to the restaurant I had a really good vibe. Friendly hostess at the front and really nice decor. Our reservations were at 630pm and the rest of our party got there around 645. I'm hoping our main server was new because she seemed afraid to talk and was very unorganized. The second server that was helping was very confident and friendly. My husband and I ordered the pizza special which was duck and prosciutto pizza, the wagyu short rib burger, the meat and cheese platter and the jalapeno hummus. We were a table of 12 so when everyone's food started to come out at different times at first it was understandable. About 30 mins into the meal glasses were empty and sat empty for a while. No water or alcohol to help ease the pain of waiting over 2 hours for our main course. One of our friends dishes was completely forgotten, our burger was not ordered and another friends cheese dish was not brought out (they only gave him bread, no cheese).  To add to the unorganized mess, our $21.00 yes I said $21.00 wagyu short rib burger was a total waste of money. They did a really good job making the exact replica of  the animal sauce at inn n out burger and it was overcooked. I would rather pay half the price for a black truffle cheeseburger a couple doors down at the yard house. The duck prosciutto pizza which was $19.00 had a few little pieces of duck that you could barely see/taste and a little tiny slice of prosciutto on each slice of pizza. Again not worth it. To end the 3 hour long dinner the male server asks how things were and I told him it was OK. I normally don't like to complain but he asked me for my "honest opinion" twice more (I guess because he saw we only took a few bites of our $21 burger and not even trying the fries) so I told him in a nice way what I thought. Mentioning everything from the forgotten dishes to the 2 hour wait for our main course and the ridiculously priced burgers.  He tells us "oh yes I heard about the forgotten dishes and the two our wait for food" and apologized to our table offering a couple of free desserts. We kindly declined because at this point we didn't want to wait another hour for our dessert to arrive. When we received our bill the only thing that was taken off was one of the forgotten dishes. No manager came over to speak with us or anything. There are more negative things to add to this review but it is long enough already. I had really high hopes for this restaurant but will never be going back to this place.
5	Could not be more pleased with the service here! Myself and some girlfriends were excited about trying this place. After having some issues with waiting for a table, we spoke with Shane, one of the managers. Shane went above and beyond for us! Not only was Shane so great to us but I noticed how he went from table to table making sure everyone was enjoying their food and service. Our waiters were also wonderful! And the food...SO good. Love that it comes in sharing sizes. Very reasonably priced as well. I could see Hearthstone becoming one of my go to spots. Five stars from me.
2	Went here with high expectations. Sat at a really cool bar counter right in front of the stove ovens. Great ambience. Really gorgeous restaurant. First we ordered oysters... Delicious! Then weOrdered the fp & j  (foie with pnut &jelly) and a charcuterie board. Thought it was a little tacky you had to pay extra for bread/ honey to come with your meat and cheese board, I have never seen this before but it was only 1$ so hey, whatever.. So we added on truffle honey and bread and purchased a bottle of wine all at the same time. The food was fabulous! Cheese was perfect temp. Foie was so yummy. But no bread...we were Sat right next to the kitchens expo so I felt guilty bothering here but had to inquire about bread a few times, 10 min later our server shows up with 4 tiny pieces if bread. I ordered more right away. We had cheese, foie and rillette all requiring bread. 10 minutes later our bread order came, I ordered another right away. Keep in mind we never got our bottle of wine. After the 3rd round of bread we cancelled the wine and told the server politely that we paid 15$ in bread and have waited over half an hour for wine and we weren't even able to finish our charcuterie board. She sent a Manager and they offered complimentary apps and we're really nice and apologetic but by that time we were over it. They comped our charcuteriebut our Bill was still about 100$ for the foi, some oysters and a glass of bubbles. We most likely won't return. Any place that charges for bread that takes 10 min to get to your table and wine that takes 30+ min is not my cup of tea.
2	Beautiful Restsurant. Service stinks. It's a shame because the food wasn't bad. Some good home flavor with unique flare but nothing to break the mold. Started out with descent service and two attentive servers but after the  $90 worth of food for two people was delivered, nobody showed up to check on us until we asked for the check 35 minutes later. No time for us to sell ourselves on dessert before our movie. Guess that's why they have such a bad rating. Good luck with downtown Summerlin opening next door with 36 food options!
4	Visited this great new restaurant, from the Light Group, in the Red Rock Casino. The food was very good. Everything we had I would absolutely have again. We began with the organic vegetables which we shared. The waitress couldn't tell us accurately what all the different veggies were in this wonderfully presented dish but we ate all of them. The dip was zesty (if you like miracle whip) but there was not enough of if. We moved on and ordered the baked ricotta, roasted squash, grilled broccoli & the chick pea salad. I know it sounds like a lot of food but we took our time and the portions are very moderate so it was not over the top. Everything they served was well presented and very yummy, expecially the baked ricotta with the truffle honey. We hadto ask for more bread!! Service was very good and attentive. I strongly suggest reservations as it gets pretty busy.
5	Great food with some unique flavors.  We ordered lots of the family style dishes so we could share.  The kale salad was excellent.  The flatbread pizza was cooked perfectly.  The tuna carpaccio was my favorite. The servers need to pay closer attention to drink refills.I am a fan!
4	My daughter and I went here for Christmas and found that it was a pleasant choice to fit in with an excellent film that we had seen earlier. The service was excellent, perhaps because the restaurant has a large staff to unobtrusively take care of all diners.They had a "Christmas Menu" that seemed high priced at $55.00 a person for almost no choices and food we didn't like.We decided on less expensive a la carte items from the menu which turned out good.I pictured the restaurant being cozy, in keeping with its name. Actually it was a large dining room with widely space tables, a few booths and a counter with views of the kitchen. At first this was disappointing since we were hoping for Christmas decorations. After a few minutes the dining room felt fine, except we were near an entry from outside. Whenever (not often) someone came in, a blast of cold air momentarily hit us.I'd say our experience was very good. Our modest dinner was about $100 with tip and without alcoholic beverages or dessert. Not bad in Las Vegas these days.
3	Four of us and a baby went here for Christmas.  We had reservations for 6 pm, but they weren't able to seat us until almost 6:30.  It was a pretty busy night.  We had a booth shaped like a crescent where we sat with our backs against a wall.  It was comfortable except that it has really hard to talk to each other. The music was really loud and my dad couldn't hear me as we were sitting on opposite ends of the booth. For a holiday with so many families there from out of town, they could have turned down the music.  Nothing like a blasting of the song Sexual Healing to get you in the Christmas spirit! :)The food was good. Two of us ordered the price fixe menu and two ordered a la carte.  Our bill was about $200.  The only thing that was bad was the Christmas cookies for the prie fixe dinner.  They were hard as rocks, not good, and didn't seem fresh.  But, we did enjoy the complimentary egg nog served in cute mason jars.The service was mediocre.  We got sat 30 min after our reservation.  The servers have a really long intro when you sit down.  It made our eyes glaze over after the first 30 seconds or so.  We also asked for two modifications-no goat cheese under the meatballs and no cookie in the ice cream.  Both were completely ignored.  We didn't complain, but if you have an allergy Id be extra cautious. We also had our 3 week old and they didn't want us to keep her car seat on the stroller base and requested we keep the stroller in the entryway.  It's a small stroller.  Yet the table next two us had two strollers at their table.  Not so much an issue but I was nervous about the stability of their upside down high chairs considering the traffic in the area where they sat us.Decent place with the potential to be great with some tweaking here and there.  There are so many great options in Vegas...even in the same casino.  Living in the area, I'm not sure it'd be our first choice next time we went out.
5	Not often does one have a dinning experience as exceptional as ours on Christmas day. The knowledgeable host was the reason we decided to try it. The atmosphere was unique and pleasant. The servers , Sheena, Jose and all the others, were beyond exceptional and the food was absolutely delicious. We will make a point to return every time we visit Vegas.
2	The food is good but the reservation process is horrible and neither management nor the hostesses really care about your patronage.  We have tried a number of times and every time just to get a table it's so painful.First time we had a reservation at 630 and they didn't sit us until 730 the hostesses were completely indifferent when mentioned. Worse yet when we finally did get in one hour late there are plenty of tables available.Second time we tried to make reservation by calling ahead but it went straight to voicemail which indicated leave a message and someone will call you right back one hour later still no call back.  We arrived and mentioned this to the hostesses (both exhibiting a16 year old mentality with no clue) and basically got the "oh duh", "the phone doesn't ring to us" response. "Sorry 1 hour wait".  Wow.  We walked in looking for a bar spot .. Found a manager asked to help us..  Told him the entire situation .. His response was he asked us to sit on a couch for dinner. Thats not dining.  No thanks.  He wasn't even concerned about the experience we just had.  We told him we were going to the competitors. He said okay thank you.Third attempt more of the same.  We spent some time talking to the hostess about our poor experience.. who said her father was a VP of such and such and that's why she got the job there. She admitted to having no experience and believe me it showed. She admitted they purposely stack reservations just to try and create a hype. Ridiculous.Bottom line if you want to go somewhere where they don't care about you this is your spot considering there are dozens of other great restaurants in the area for both service and food (T Bones, Honey Salt, Echo and Rig, Wolfgang Pucks, Vinter Grill, Flemings, etc), the Light Group should really get their act together here. We'd recommend staying away and leave it to the tourist to be forced to eat here with sub par experience.
4	4 of us came for dinner on a Sunday night, we made a reservation and had absolutely no issue getting our table. The only downside to our table was that it was the first one by the door coming from outside...so every time the door was opened we got a blast of freezing cold air, but it wasn't very busy so it's not like it was a big deal. Our server was AWESOME. Hopefully you guys get Danielle if you go. She's great. Here's what we ordered:-Wine: they have an extensive wine list, I tried a sip and it was good. If you're a fancy wine drinker, I think you'll enjoy the selection.-Cocktails: I had the Blackberry Bliss, VERY GOOD. My husband had the Babymaker...I hated it, he LOVED it. He's kinda like an old man trapped in a young man's body, if that helps. -Truffle popcorn to start.   *It's great. Everyone is on the truffle-train right now with adding it into everything they can think of so it's kinda played out...but this was still good. And it's not a tiny serving either, which makes it feel like it's worth the $7-$8(or whatever, I didn't pay attention to the price on it) you're paying for it. The one serving was split between the 4 of us and we didn't finish it, so it's a good size.-Pepperoni flatbread, the Abe Froman flatbread, Salmon, and the rotisserie potatoes.    *Flatbreads were good, but nothing spectacular. The salmon got the job done, wasn't fishy like it can be, and had a great sauce to go with it. The rotisserie potatoes were AMAZING and I recommend them to everyone who can handle jalapenos. I would definitely go again. It's got a super hipster environment, so you're gonna feel like you're not cool enough to eat here at first. It's worth it to stick it out though.
5	We took my wife's mom, who was visiting from Cali, for a nice dinner. That's exactly what we got. The restaurant setting was very comfortable with leather lounge sofas, bar seating, wooden tables and booths. It had a modern, yet rustic feel. Modern rustic perhaps? Great interior design. And 80s music playing in the background. Also a ton of TVs. We had 2 servers. Both were pleasant, knowledgable about the menu, and were always accessible. Excellent service. The food: we ordered a couple of shared plates...ricotta bake with honey, wild arugula salad, and lobster polenta. Oh man, the lobster polenta was so creamy. AmaZing. I also ordered the entree Rotisserie Chicken with arugula salad. It was tender and moist and had great taste. For dessert we shared the Peanut Butter scotch Lava Cake. Wow! I'm full. Good job Hearthstone. We love Red Rock and most certainly will be back for more.
2	I was disappointed.  Service was very slow:  it took over 45 minutes for the waitress to get hummus to the table and it was over two hours before we were served our entrees.  The jalapeno hummus had no kick to it at all:  it just tasted like regular hummus, nothing special.  The chickpea salad had too much of a vinegar flavor for my taste.  The roasted chicken was OK, but the juice that was served with it was sweet instead of savory, and I didn't care for it very much.  The presentations were nice, but the flavor didn't hold up.We were seated at a table with chairs, and after the first hour of waiting for our food, the seats were very uncomfortable.  Our table was next to a carving station where they cut up the whole suckling pigs that are an option on the menu.  While some people might enjoy watching a pig get carved up, we did not.  And the smell of the roasted pig detracted from our experience.Hearthstone was loud, had poor service, and mediocre food.  We won't be back.  There are too many other great places in Las Vegas for great meals.
5	I cannot say enough great things about this spot! The ambience is absolutely perfect, for not only a local spot, but for a restaurant that you also can't wait to take your tourist friends to when they visit! The mushroom pizza and artichokes have the perfect combination of flavors along with everything else on the menu that's delicious! Cocktails are on point... Try the Pimm's 50 and the My Boy Bleu! I'm so happy we finally have a new spot in Summerlin to hang out at that isn't just your typical "bar" spot. OH! And they also have shuffle board! I can't wait to go back ASAP! Trust me just try it!
4	Came on a Friday night so this place was buzzing. Great upscale ambience, spacious dining room, friendly service. Lots to choose from on the menu and prices are not crazy.Meatballs, burrata jar with truffle/honey, beet salad with goat cheese....All really amazing. Good cocktail menu, nice wine list and a great bar scene. The place had lots of tvs so I would definitely come back for a game.
4	Love this place. Kinda pricy. Shared the octopus, really liked the spicy aioli.  Intrigued by the Abe Froman flatbread. If you're not a fan of fennel don't try it. I liked it, but my husband, not so much. We will be back again.
5	Stopped in with my wife, cool vibe and casual with great food. We shared octopus, tuna carpaccio, steak tar tar, crabby toast, Fb&j toast, lobster polenta and a peanut butter lava cake w butterscotch pudding and roasted banana brown butter ice cream...., yum!!
5	After a horrific first experience with the front of house I am pleased to follow up with a different review. Kaleo, the general manager heard of my review and reached out to invite us back down. The second experience was amazing. Like I said before the first time the server blew us away and the food was amazing and nothing was different this time. Jessica was incredible and for being a newbie as she called it, many servers in this town could take a tip or two from her. We love this restaurant and are amazed with how well Kaleo made it up to us. Everyone makes mistakes but they made it right.
5	The new gem, not just for Summerlin, but for Las Vegas! They hit it right with opening this place! The food, the genuine customer service, the ambience keeps me coming back for more! It's my "go to" when I want to grab a great dinner, when I want to get friends out together. The lounge, they even have shuffle board! Yes, shuffle board! Such a Classic touch! All time favorites have to be the charcuterie menu (cured meats & cheese), butcher steak tartare, baked ricotta, braised short rib meatballs, pepperoni pizza (add the sausage from the Abe Froman), wood oven roasted clams are so delicious (that sauce is ridiculous). If you're a fan of shellfish the Grand Shellfish Plateau is the business! Shrimp pasta is my personal favorite as far as entrees are concerned. Oh and getting a side of the lobster polenta along with the grilled broccoli. To top things off the peanut butter lava cake and a their house-made pistachio ice cream amazing! They're both change your life good! Coming back for my birthday in March to have their Suckling Pig Beast Feast! If you haven't been here you HAVE to check it out. Red Rock just got a huge facelift with this place! Thank you Hearthstone!
