5	I adore Blaine's Farm and Fleet.  The prices are completely reasonable, especially for kids' clothing.  The people working there are nice and generally helpful.  I also feel like I get farmer cred (if there is such a thing) for shopping there.Seriously, if you have kids, you should get their clothes here.
5	This is where I take my car when I need a real mechanic (I *so* do not qualify) that does honest work for a reasonable price.  They guys there have been unfailingly cool, honest, and affordable but it's also good to know that you're less likely to get screwed here than at a locallly-owned or non-chain joint because they have a corporate structure to complain to if need be.  But like I said, this is unlikely.  Find value, fo real tho!
5	Splendid.If you're looking for a steaming latte, the latest fashions and a place to gabble and tweet on your IPhone this isn't the place for you.  If  you need something useful and practical, start here.  High quality tools, hardware by the pound, work clothes, light machines and implements, serious pet stuff...on and on it goes and usually at a good price.  The staff are always as helpful as they are able to be but can sometimes be technically uninformed about the products they carry...it's a discount operation after all.
5	SEWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.......I grew up coming to this Farm and Fleet. I still buy Keys coveralls from this place for under thirty bucks. Work n Sport boots that last forever... and well... anything I could ever need. They sell anything from horse-bits, saddles, tires, carburetors, Red Rider BB guns, boots, bikes, sledgehammers, chainsaws, any carpentry or automotive tool, heavy bags, horse food, mudflaps with stripper silhouettes, stereo equip...etc...etc... they have a full service auto department that has good deals on services too so you can shop around and play with the power tool displays or make things out of the pvc fittings while you're waiting. Man, I love this place.
5	Farm and Fleet is perfect for finding items like spark plugs, air filters, and other automotive bits.  They also offer a huge selection of housewares and hardware.  Also, this place is CHEAP.  One other thing: if you're a student going to a barn dance, Farm and Fleet is your one stop shop for flannel shirts, farm boots, and enormous belt buckles.
5	Possibly the greatest store ever.Farm & Fleet is the only place in CU that sells fasteners by the pound.  You can get four 3/8" nuts at Menards or Lowe's in a little plastic bag for $0.99 or you can get ONE POUND of them in bulk at Farm & Fleet for $1.50.Been coming here all my life.  Walking through the front door still sends a little quiver up my leg.  Just as it always has.
5	Prices are competitive with big box stores and the employees are much friendlier.I buy my garden supplies, tires, oil changes and hardware here.If you need it, you can probably find it here.
3	Items I have found at Farm and Fleet (in no particular order) include but are not limited to: cracked corn, PVC fittings, a fan, candy, chicken waterers, oil filters for my 1992 Toyota, several hole saws, winter hats, day-old chicks, and did I say candy? This place is classic. Don't miss the festival days in the spring: a great time to see a man train a horse.
4	Nice local hardware store.  Cheap prices and a large variety of items.  Unexpected departments include grocery section (...albeit mostly snack foods), pet care items, housewares, and...lots of candy!  Pet section is small but decent.  They carry some dog food, mostly lower-grade brands but they do offer one premium brand (Blue).  Housewares section is hit or miss; they carry some furniture, cleaning supplies, and storage containers.  I specifically came in search of curtain rods but they don't carry any.  There seems to be a pretty large clothing and shoe section but I haven't really checked those out.The staff are friendly and helpful.  The first time I came here I was looking for diatomaceous earth (to kill those pesky silverfish...) and the woman at the customer service desk was very helpful, calling various departments until she was able to tell me where I could find what I was looking for. Been back a few times since then for various hardware needs, and I'm sure to be back in the future.
3	I work close so stop here if I need anything for the house or garden.  They have cute decorations for holidays.  I recently bought new tires there and even though I went there ahead of time on my lunch and purchased them and had them waiting for me when I got there after work it still took them almost 2 hours to get those tires on my car!!!
3	I don't have one of these at home and I've never heard of them so I totally checked it out.  I can't describe it.  It is mostly gardening, outdoor, tools type of stuff.  Then they have some knickknacks and clothes.  The clothes are perfect for an old lady or farmer.It is a an interesting place but I am a city girl so it doesn't have anything that I would ever really need.  I did enjoy looking around.One thing I DIDN'T like was that there was not much organization to layout of the place.  The sections didn't seem to be in any particular well thought order.
3	Went there over the Thanksgiving weekend with my fiance and my parents.  Even though I went to high school around here, and my parents have lived around here, this was my first time going.  I was surprised by how vast and various it was.  It's almost like a hybrid hardware/department/agricultural store.  For what they had, it was very reasonably priced.  However, the floor layout seems like it was almost randomly done
4	I was in need of an oil change and some other minor maintenance on my car, so I followed my WWMFDD?* rule and left my car in the hands of the service center team at Farm & Fleet. I already liked this place for garden and painting supplies, but after the friendly service I received at the service center, I'll be going here for my routine car maintenance from now on, too. Prices were more than reasonable, customer service was friendly and helpful, and they didn't try to push any further services (and costs) down my throat. Plus, they're open on Sundays. And I saw baby chickens there once. Peep.*(What Would My Farmer Dad Do?)
1	soooo, it has been over two years since my last review... the service at farm and fleet's small engine repair no longer meets my standards.last year i took an MTD mower in with a leaking fuel line.  i asked for the fuel line to be replaced, and when i returned to pick up the mower... a complete tune up had been done.  i was anticipating a 20-30 bill for labor and hose, instead i got $70+ bill for a tune up i never asked for.  ok, i got hosed, payed up and the mower ran fine.this year i took my Yard Machine weedeater in for a new starter pull cord.  that's it, just a starter pull cord because the current one is frayed.... so i get charged 15 bucks which will apply to the repairs later.  i think to myself " what's there to look at, just replace the starter pull cord.    sooooo, i wait...  10 days, no call from farm and fleet.... so i call them.  they tell me it'll be two weeks and an additional $45 before they get to my weedeater repaired! WHAT?  i'll come pick it up.learn from my errors, find somewhere else for your small engine repair work.i went on-line and bought the replacement parts for 15 bucks.  i should have done that first.
5	Farm and Fleet is fantastic.  The things that stick out to me is when they've helped me out with problems that they weren't even supposed to and did so for free. There are some really good people working there.
5	It's a rare day that I can't get what I need here.  I think the last time was when I was looking for a milk frother and I ended up talking to the guy who sells equipment for dairy farmers. But I don't fault them for that.  It's not a common item.I buy some clothes here.  I find they are getting better with some of the fashion.  Columbia coats are a great item. I get tools, hardware, bird food, bird feeders, and other miscellaneous here.  The best is mechanics shop.  I get free tire rotations for buying my tires there, and I've never had to replace a muffler that they put on (plus guaranteed for life).
2	More expensive than walmart, menards....Not really a "Farm" person. Went there when I got a coupon in the mail.
