5	*This review is for the cocktails only!*The drinks they make here are phenomenal!!! HIGHLY recommend the Cilantro margarita, with Don Julio tequila, the Black and Blue margarita with Cuervo Black, the Blueberry margarita with Cuervo Tradicional.I must note that as to the choice of tequilas I am biased as I work with these tequila companies - but that in no way affected my opinion of the taste of these drinks!!! They were SOOOO good! Trust me - if you don't try that Cilantro marg - you will regret it! Delish!!!!
1	When I read the positive reviews of Tradiciones on Yelp and in the papers, I can't help but wonder why it is that my husband and I have had such different experiences. We've been twice; once the service was barely acceptable and once the service was the worst I have ever had in my life. God only knows why we gave it a second chance. The waitress barely acknowledged us and then completely disappeared midway through our meal. We tried in vain to get the attention of several others, including a manager, to get our check. We ended up waiting at least half an hour, and that was after my husband got up and convinced someone to give a &^%@#.  We both left with the distinct feeling that if we were Hispanic, this would not have happened. The food was average: decent chips, good spice level, greasy cheese.
5	I love Tradiciones. It has been my favorite sit-down Mexican restaurant in town since it opened.The service can be a little spotty and sometimes there's a language barrier problem.  But with a little patience, everything works itself out. I've been impressed with just about everything I've tried.  The carnitas platter is excellent and so is the Lomo Azteca, which comes with a great chipotle sauce. The corn and flour tortillas are fresh and rival any competitor in town. There's a new tamale special every day, and they're usually pretty good. For lunch, I love the fish tacos--though I'd rather just go next door and order them from the fish counter.  The only thing that I thought was less than stellar was the chicken mole.  It wasn't bad, but just wasn't as great as others I've had.The big airy dining room and festive courtyard/patio are a nice change from the standard hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint.
4	Tradiciones has an absolutely fantastic atmosphere.  They have amazing food and drinks.  We have only lived here for four months, and have been to this restaurant four times.  Every time we have someone visiting from out of town, we take them to this restaurant.I didn't give five stars because the service has never been very good.  Last night it took ten minutes for our server to come take our drink order.  Then we were given flour tortillas instead of corn (twice).  But this is the kind of place where you don't really care, because it's just fun.  How can you complain about the wrong kind of tortilla when your mouth is still burning from the Camarones el Diablo and you've got a margarita (or, in my case, a Corona) to wash it down with?Last night, they had some Mexican League Football on the TVs on the patio.  It just added to the experience even more.  GOL!4.5 stars.
5	Tradiciones fires on all cylinders like a Speedy Gonzales hot rod and I'm lovin it. I am a sucker for strolling mariachis, mamacita servers in red frilly dresses, festive digs and authentic and delicious Mexican food.  Usually one or some of those elements are missing from your typical Mexican restaurant. It seems like not much to ask for, but I can't seem to get it all at once in Phoenix.  They even somehow manage to pull it off without seeming cheezy or contrived.I'm not that surprised though. Tradiciones IS right next door to Phoenix Ranch Market, which was accurately described by Mr. K as Mexican Disneyland and is what Food City wishes it was.  Since the entire strip is a renovated K-Mart from back in the day, Tradiciones has taken over the old Garden Center space, which you'll notice is now a cool plaza-style patio with space for a band. It's hard to choose between their inside or outside, but indoors is where you'll find the lunchtime buffet if you're in a hurry, and a high ceilinged dining room and more Mexican murals and colorful decoration you can imagine.I was here most recently for a business lunch with suits and formality and all that mess. Food highlights include the Bistec ala Mexicana simmering in a red caldo of veggies and sauteed beef strips (reminiscent of my mom's btw), the pollo margarita simmered in margarita mix with chipotle ranch and queso fresco was ok, but the clear winner was the seafood enchiladas (shrimp and veggies in a lobster cream sauce) - simpler than how they do at Barrio, but every bit as good.  I really enjoyed the fresh lemonade.  This place also passed my Mexican litmus test of beans, rice and tortillas (they have to taste at least as good as my grandma's).  If a restaurant can't master those staples, then it's a hopeless effort.  The servers here are quick and courteous, but speak Spanish for the most part. The food was about a solid 4 stars, but the service, decor, atmosphere and just plain real-ness elevate it further to 4.5 stars.
4	What a great meal!  We were visiting from out of town and wanted to grab a good tasty mexican dinner.  We went here on recommendations from yelp and chowhound, and were delighted with the food!  The atmosphere was festive and lively, the margaritas were delicious (!), and our food was wonderful.  Highly recommended.
1	**UPDATE** No word from the management.. guess I shouldn't be so sensitive.. The food there is pretty good.. just wish that the Mister and I weren't treated that way.. forgive and forget? Take the highroad.. at the yummy tortilla's?.. dial a clich?! LOL! Perhaps I shouldn't black ball this place any longer?? Help me to over come!! Well, I never! LOL! Tradiciones.. good food, good service, if you're Hispanic.. I sent an email to the manager with no reply and no surprise. I thought I would share my experience with you.Dear Mr Braden,I wanted to share our experience last night at Tradiciones with you. We have several friends coming in from out of town so the past Friday I had lunch and your wonderful restaurant. My friend and I had a exceptional time with great service (Mario was our sever) spot on menu items and overall were both very impressed. So I went ahead and made a reservation for a party of 15 with much excitement and anticipation. This type of excitement comes from years of dining and being a huge food enthusiast or foodie as my friends call me. This experience is in stark contrast to what happened last night.My excitement carried with me the whole weekend so I decided to take my significant other there to have the same pleasure I had. Upon arrival we were amazed how busy it was and knew that a wait was imminent. After about 10 minutes I was able to make it to the front desk to put my name in for a table for 2. The hostess smiled at me and I told her 'dos', she raised her finger up to me and said "uno momento". Then she walked off and got another hostess, this was confusing as when she returned she started taking names of other guests and ignored me. Finally the new hostess asked me what I wanted. I told her I wanted a table for 2 she then told me that there was at least an hour wait. This was pretty obvious judging from the tens of other folks waiting for a table. Meanwhile the other hostess continued taking names then finally she added mine. I told her that we were actually here before the other guests the other hostess had written down. She ignored this and put my name on the bottom of the list. I'm not sure why she was acting like this towards me as there didn't seem to be a problem with any other guest besides the fact that I didn't speak Spanish. Our first instinct was to simply leave as it was perceived by us that we weren't welcome here. We stayed as the atmosphere still seemed lively and the smell coming from the grills were intoxicating.After walking around the courtyard and enjoying some of the vendor stalls there we decided to venture back in so we wouldn't be missed. As we were standing there waiting I noticed that the patio only had a few tables and wasn't very busy at all. So we asked the second hostess if we could sit out there. She came back several minutes later to tell us the patio was understaffed and she couldn't seat us there though she offered bar seats instead. Perfect! We we're sat at the bar and were both excited to try the Cilantro Margarita! We ordered then, I saw her mixing it up, my mouth started to drool. She  then presented the drinks to us, cheers!  The drinks were wonderful and I'm not a big sweet drink fan. I then looked straight ahead and saw our bartender enter an order into the computer. As I watched her type I was amazed to notice that she named the check "Dos Gringo's"! Looking around I could tell she was referring to us as everyone else around us looked to have been there for a while. She turned around and I asked her "Dos Gringo's"? She smiled and started laughing like I caught her doing something wrong. She tried to explain that she gives everyone nick names and didn't make any apologies to us for the name.Is it acceptable to call your non Spanish speaking guests Gringo's? I felt this was very offensive as I have generally heard the word in derogatory terms. Though this seemed to make sense as the way were treated at the hostess desk, were we just not welcome here? I continued to stew on this experience all the way until this morning when finally I decided to look up the word gringo to see if I were off base for my feelings. This is what I found...gringo(gr&#301;ng'g&#333;) n.pl. gringos Offensive Slang, Used as a disparaging term for a foreigner in Latin America, especially an American or English person.This solidified my feelings so I finally did some soul searching and decided to share our experience. If this definition is the case we will no longer visit your wonderful establishment, perhaps this will make a others more comfortable? If you can please help me to understand the term and the way we felt leaving last night I would truly appreciate your time.Kind Regards,Foodiebear
4	I read a review on this place by Arizona Republic food critic, Howard Seftel and it sounded so good I had to check it out for myself. I was also excited to find out it's only about 5 minutes from my place.I was surprised with how large and festive the restaurant was. The entrance leads you through an open courtyard where vendors sell items in makeshift shops and you can watch them make the tortillas fresh and grill the meat. The smell makes your mouth water in anticipation.For starters, the complimentary chips and salsa are better than at most Mexican restaurants. You can tell the chips are made from their fresh tortillas - they're thick, crunchy and perfectly salted and the salsa verde is addictive.I've had a few dishes here, but one of my favorites the pork carnitas. The meat is so juicy and tender and paired with those infamous tortillas. The accompanying rice and beans also hold their own. A second favorite is the red snapper (my mind is blanking on all the flavors - just try it!)Overall it's a fun restaurant w/ great Mexican food - who could ask for more?
4	Service good. Food above average. Drinks a flowin at 11 am. Need to go back to write a more in depth review.Update: Just went back for lunch. Food was awesome. Service was excellent.
4	I had high hopes for Tradiciones, so my husband I paid it a visit for lunch on a Sunday, on our way to grab some groceries at Ranch Market.First off, after reading some other reviews, I was worried about getting a cold shoulder from the waitstaff -- but nothing could have been further from the truth. Everyone was really nice and the service was great. The mariachi music was awesome, although I'm glad they didn't come over and try to convince us to get a serenade -- I hate that. It makes me uncomfortable...anyhow, the chips and salsa were top-notch. But the meals were just OK. My spinach and mushroom enchiladas had a good green sauce, and I was pleasantly surprised to see they weren't stuffed full of copious amounts of crappy cheddar cheese. Instead they just had *some* white cheese, which was nice. My husband ordered some chicken dish that came with a stew (sorry, can't remember the name). He liked it. We each had a margarita, as I wanted to try the cilantro margarita, but I wasn't too impressed. Granted, for $7, it really packed a punch, but the flavor wasn't too spectacular. Overall, I'd say the atmosphere adds another star to what I would consider a 3-star meal. I'd definitely bring out-of-town guests here, as it's a fun place with decent Mexican food in a town where (sorry, everyone) I find it VERY difficult to find decent, reasonable Mexican cuisine.
5	So Yummy!  and the decor is awesome!!!  Though it can get pretty loud. This restaurant was my first experience eating Fried Ice Cream!  All I can say is wow!  What a creation!  Drizzled with a little honey and I'm in heaven. Their fajitas are so good and the grilled leeks they include are also super good.  I've never had fajitas with grilled leeks before.  I also LOVE their quesadilla.  Just remember they are CLOSED on Mondays.  I seem to always forget that and must crave Mexican on Mondays because every time we pull up on a Monday we both go awwwww in unison.
4	I went here when sunday brunch was over so the place was pretty empty, good for me because we were seated immediately.  Service was good the waiter was friendly and attentive.  I had a combo plate with a flauta (seriously it was a taquito or how phoenicians refer to them...rolled taco) and the chile relleno which was very good, a nice sized poblano with little seeds just as I like it.  I would definetly return to this place, however I won't say it is the best mexican food around. My sister had the menudo and liked it very much.  The beans were just ok but the cheese they use to top them off with made it better.
1	I'm a northern California, transplanted Arizonan and came to visit family in Phoenix.  I was craving some real Mexican food and from reading the reviews on Yelp and also the recommendations of the person sitting next to me on the flight down here, I called for directions while waiting for my luggage and my sister and I went there for lunch.I don't know what constitutes good Mexican food in Phoenix, but I wished we had gone to Taco Bell instead.  We both ordered the same combination plate of shredded beef taco and tamale.  We also ordered something called queso fundido and 2 margaritas.  First of all, the place is very festive and decorated nicely....that's really the best I can say for the restaurant.The margarita was good, nothing spectacular, but good.  Now for the food:  Everything we ordered came all at once.  So, we got the fundido and it was served in a basket with the melted cheese in a crock on top of the flour tortillas...hmmm...where do you think that crock had been sitting before being put on top of food?  The "tacos" were dripping with grease and if there was meat inside, it was hard to find.  But the worst of the meal was what was being passed off as a tamale.  It was a chicken tamale, which where I come from (Tucson) is NOT a traditional tamale filling and the menu never mentioned it would be a chicken tamale.  It was dry and absolutely flavorless.  We had to use salt to give it some kind of flavor!  Did I mention the service was lousy too?  Couldn't wait to get out of there.Crossing this restaurant off as a food destination when visiting Phoenix!
5	Holy Ricky Martin! Me gusto this restaurante! Seriously mis amigos y amigas. Entering Tradiciones is an elevating experiencia. Like entering Disneyland. Es imposible not to be muy feliz.. You get me papi? Waitresses in frilly dresses with big smiles on their caras bonitas. A dining room lleno de color, energia and muy clean. Like spotless. You get mi papi? Carnitas was tender and served with homemade tortillas...Dios Mio! Homemade. Thicker than the ones us gringos are used to. And mucho mejor. You get  mi papi? Fajitas, margaritas, watermelon juice, salsa and service all first rate. So, two thumbs up from this gringo and his novio latino. We we're both treated as las reinas that we are. I hope Tradiciones becomes a tradition of ours. You get mi papi?
5	This resturant is part of the Ranch Market that it is attached too.  I have been wanting to dine here for sometime, and finally got a chance to roll in and dine here.For starters, this is as authentic as it gets.  There is a courtyard area with outdoor seating and shopping.  Colorful, traditional hispanic/latino/mexican culture shows here, and you feel like you've been taken to another country when you walk in.  Colorful is an understatement.  rich deep colors run through this location, along with beautiful traditions of hispanic culure cannot help but to seep into your bloodstream.In the courtyard area, there is a grill that the staff cooks on.  Women are in traditional hispanic clothing, and look beautiful while they cook.  So much fun to watch, as they make tortillas, chicken, etc and be taken in by the action at the grill.As you enter the location, you are greeted by the hostess, and taken to your seat.  Beautifully decorated dining area, with a bar area, solid wood seating for parties of any size.  Servers are all dressed again in the traditonal latino dresses, and while I was there on a Saturday night , there was also a mariachi type band playing.They have a good selection of food, from Enchiladas, burritos and fajitas to mararitas and salsa.I ordered the shredded beef burrito.  The serving was ginormous, and HOT when the food came out.  Even though we were seated immediately, there was two large parties dining ahead of us, so we had somewhat of a wait for our food to arrive.  Thats okay, because we were so entertained with the mariachi band, it passed by quickly. The food was delicious!  Portions were huge, and I took home enough leftovers for a full meal the next day.  you will NOT go hungry while dining here, and the atmosphere is contagous.  You cannot help but to get caught up in the moment, with the beautiful colors, music, and lively atmosphere at this place.  I reccomend this place for everyone, as i think its one of the more "one of a kind" establishments in this town.  You cannot help but to have a good time while eating here.  An amazing place for locals and visitors alike.
4	We go to Tradiciones on a somewhat regular basis and love to take the out of towner's there to enjoy the atmosphere and the good food.  The only real thing I am not as thrilled with Tradiciones is that if you want to have a conversation it can be tough at times with the regular mariachi's playing (don't get me wrong they are good and entertaining).  The patio is really nice once it cools down a little outside!Their Mole' is a sweet / spicy which is a little different and good!
3	Nicely decorated, loud mariachi band, and female servers dressed in authentic Mexican dress. Had the baked seabass dish a la Veracruzana with the standard corn-embedded rice and refried beans with cotija cheese. I asked for a side of white rice since I was allergic to corn, and a few minutes later I was handed a dish of, wait for it, white rice with corn in it... Server finally realized what I had meant and offered to get some red rice, which I was later charged for. No worries.Most likely will go back as there are other dishes that sound enticing. I must say, however, that I enjoyed ten, twenty times over the simple chicken torta I had chosen at the Phoenix Ranch Market on Central and Southern a few weeks back. That telera bread was just divine!
4	I was there last week with some friends for happy hour. They have margaritas $1 off and 1/2 price appetizers. The blueberry margarita was delicious!
5	Okay WHY hasn't anyone told me about this place before?!I think I just found my new favorite Mexican place in the city!! and that says a LOT - I loves mah Mexican food!!Earlier today my mom and I were on our way to visit a relative when we decided to go have dinner somewhere, I wanted Biaz Market, but she didn't want to try somewhere new. So I suggested Ranch Market and she agreed, as we parked I saw the sign that said resturant, and I thought this location didn't have a deli like the one on the South side does - and we were confused. We chose to just give it a try. And we stepped one foot beyond the large corridors and it was so COLORFUL!This is what I mean by the 'hood being colorful, but here - you could actually SEE all the colors and it was beautiful. We wandered around and saw the cool stuff they have outside in a lil shopping area. But it was empty! We were worried that they were closed but trugged on ahead. waay in the back was the entrance of the actual resturant. We were warmly greeted and seated right away because, at 4:30PM on a Tuesday - they were very empty... there were only 3 tables occupied in their very nicely decorated dining room which was very clean and even boasted a mural. Loves it! :) our waiter brought us some chips and salsa but the salsa lacked a kick, it's never hot enought me (that sounded dirty didn't it?!) haha! So I asked for something spicer - he gave me a look of concern and said they had habenero sauce... BRING IT! I was excited... the H-Sauce was KILLER!! But oh - so - freakin - good!! I loved it! i started mixing sauces and dubbed myself the Salsa Alchemist! :D After an entire bowl of chips, our food was ready. I had the Sampler Appetizer and it was very good. My mom had the combination with a Red Tamale, cheese enchilada with rice and beans. My sampler appetizer was sooooo good! The Flautas were nice and crispy and the seasoned chicken was awesome and went better with the mild sauce. The mini beef chimi was the BEST damned chimi I ever ever had! I wanted to pack the rest of my meal to go and order a chimichanga and eat that! lol! I had to have my mom sample it and she loved it too! The Sopricitos were AMAZING! I never had anything like that before. The waiter explained that they were a very thick Corn tortilla topped with seasoned chicken, lettuce, tomato, queso fresco & tomitillo sauce. I will definatly go back just for this dish alone! And as if that wasn't enough - the chicken enchiladas were very good, but the sauce was very deep... it had a very dark flavor. Almost too dark, I would have liked for it to have been a lil lighter in flavor. But it was still good.My mom enjoyed her tamale but felt it was a tad too dry, she wanted red sauce but chose not too ask for it because she felt the enchilada sauce was way too strong for the tamale. She didn't really like her chese enchilada and didn't finish it. But she liked the beans and rice. and really enjoyed the automosphere as well as the chips and salsa. Inspite those small faux pas, I'm still giving it the full 5 stars because the service was SO amazing. It's been a while since I've had exceptionally great service. Everything was spot on... To my fellow yelpers: you MUST go and enjoy yourself! However, they have crazy-funky hours so look out for the signs that indicate whether or not they're open. I hope more people give this place a go - with the economy the way it is, I'd hate for this place to close because no one's going! And don't be afraid to ask for the Habenero sauce, yes it's melt your tounge atomically hot, but ask for an empty salsa bowl and start mixing the sauces and get your salsa alchimist on!!
5	Awesome and Authentic! ~I Loved this place just upon entering, beautiful fountain and courtyard, a row of souvenir vendors. You definitely feel like you've left Phoenix, which can be a good thing!I didn't realize how huge this place was! ~Once we got inside, we were greeted and seated. Service was great. ~Fabulous chips and Yummy Salsa! I ordered the Gringo Loco Enchiladas(see pics), which were stuffed with chicken,corn , black beans and cheddar cheese and smothered with your choice of red or green chile colorado..................I chose red.........Lucky for me I was served green by mistake, I didn't want to say anything I just figured I'd eat it, and let me tell you I'm so glad I did......That was some of the best green Chile pork I've had and it was sooooo much better than the red sauce the Mr. had on his cheese enchiladas (my preference of course he loved his too) Everything was perfect, unfortunately I didn't have time to check out the market side but I have a feeling I'll be back very soon!
2	I've never, ever used the word "meh," but I have to for this place.  It's really cute, decorated nicely and the waitstaff was great, if a bit slow.  Fresh homemade tortilla chips and salsa were the key to my enjoyment of the food here.  I pigged out on them!  Julia and I were in that "I'm so hungry I'm cranky" mood, so I stuffed my face with the chips forever.  Fresh baskets were brought often, as well as each of us getting our own salsa bowl.  Oh, and a complimentary bowl of guac can't hurt, either!Then the entree came.  I was wanting ooey-gooey, cheese-smothered enchiladas.  I got the mushroom and spinach.  It came with a side of black beans and rice.  The enchiladas were made properly: the tortillas were soft-fried properly before adding the fillings.  But, not a lot of stuffing!  A few mushrooms, a few leaves of lettuce and that's pretty much it.  They were "covered" in a green sauce.  BARELY covered in green sauce.  I was disappointed, to say the least.  The rice?  Nothing fancy.  The beans?  MEH!The only thing that saved my meal was the company (Julia and Dossty!) and the never-ending supply of chips.  I probably won't go back.  Mariscos Playa Hermosa is right near there and I'd make that drive anyday!
4	I think I'm in love. For any of you who have spent time in East LA, Tradiciones is very reminiscent of that scene. I arrived to have dinner with Julia and Amy. I was exhausted and hungry. We were greeted and led into a HUGE dining room. I knew I was going to fall in love. Did I like the dumb dresses the ladies have to wear? No, but it makes the tourists and non-hispanic people feel comfortable. I usually set my bar on the quality of food based on the chips and salsa. We were served a fresh basket of chips and each given a personal bowl of salsa! Hooray for double dipping! The manager was walking around and he stopped by to say hello and then brought us a complimentary bowl of guacamole With three lovely ladies each with a fab pair...of.... I mean each with great personalities, what do you expect? So far so good! I had a margarita that was served in a martini glass full of ice... hmmm is that weird to anyone else? Oh well. The marg was good! For my entree I chose the enchiladas suizas with chicken. What I was served was definitely YUMMY! The tortillas were fresh and they were soft fried. Fabulous, authentic touch! The suizas sauce was slightly tangy. The tanginess was offset by the cotija cheese that was generously sprinkled on top. The word that came to mind every time I took a bite was "creamy". It was a very well made enchilada. The beans and rice were pretty good too. Here's my thing about re-fried beans. I like them when they're made with manteca (LARD) *GASP* and these were more than likely made with them. The re fried beans were flavorful. The rice was eh.. ok. It was rice. I sort of wished for a bit more spice in the rice, but again, it makes the tourists feel safe. An added bonus were the roaming musicians that they had. I was relieved to see that they were not in Mariachi suits but rather nice slacks and blazers and they were SINGING it. I wish I had more energy because I would have been whistling and doing a good ol Grita Mexicano along with the guys at the bar that were enjoying the entertainment! I look forward to enjoying Tradiciones again!
1	How can a fellow Yelper rate this as a 5 and me a 1? Maybe it was an off day?This place is absolutly beautiful! The service was average to slow, considering I was 1 of 3 tables. The chips were bland and the salsa was crap. If you took strained canned tomatoes and added an onion powder from the dollar store and a little salt. That was the salsa. Totally crap. I ordered the appitizer combo, thinking it would be a good way to sample a little of everything... that was the thought. it had a mole` type covered enchilada with chicken in it. The mole` was decent, but it was very sweet, no spice at all. Maybe this was dessert?The rolled taco things had zero flavor, the chimi was alright but anything fried with sour cream on top is. The sope or whatever was ok, but again had zero flavor, the beans had zero flavor, the cheese which I think was Cojita was good but not enough on anything. I really liked the decor, but would have preferred the chicken from the guy cooking out front of the store. Totally disappointed. I think this is my first 1 star for a business that is still open...lol
5	Here is how you eat at Tradiciones: Select group of people, preferably more than two. If all are drinking, order pitcher of margaritas, ideally fruit flavored.  Mango is an excellent choice.  Order appropriately sized Parillada (family platter) accordingly.  Platter for 2 comfortably feeds three or four.  Platter for 4 comfortably feeds six to eight.  The platters prompt you to pick three meats. I highly recommend the shrimp, pork and chicken.  Mexican sausage is also good, but not as universally crowd pleasing.  You will automatically get chips and two kinds of salsa (one green, one red) which in my opinion are quite good. With the platter you receive tortillas (I prefer flour(I also prefer parentheses, apparently))rice, beans, guacamole, nopalitos, grilled tomato, and grilled onions.  This is all served on a cast iron skillet of sorts, placed on top of a candle-based warmer. Embrace the fact that the mariachi band will come to your table and want to play a song and ideally solicit a couple bucks.  Know a mariachi song, request it and enjoy it.  You are essentially in Mexican Disneyland.  Eat until you are ready to bust.  To avoid an unfortunate food coma driving disaster, wander around the attached Ranch Market grocery store marvelling at the brightly colored pastries, tortilla conveyor belt and whole cow head in the butcher case. Revel in the fact that the two person platter is only $24.95, the four person platter $48.95, and fruit-flavored margaritas for four were $24, blow the savings on Mexican candy or a Spiderman pinata. Drive home, pass out with a giant smile on your face.     Sunday Brunch is also really good.  Incredible variety of food, including an omelette bar and chocolate fountain, last I checked all for $14.95.  I kind of blew the climax of this review with the brunch thing didn't I?
2	The traditional look and feel of the Tradiciones brought back many good memories of Mexican restaurants in SoCal in the early 60's.  I even - as a little girl - had an outfit almost exactly like the over the shoulder dresses the waitress were wearing while providing us with great service. Nostalgia aside, the food was disappointing.  Not bad,  just not what i was looking for after hearing good reviews in the AZ Republic and Phoenix New Times.  Should have read the Yelp reviews as well.
2	I really wanted to love Tradiciones.  Really.  But I didn't. After weaving my way through the perplexing plaza that is in front of the patio in front of the restaurant (I saw a sign that said this NOT the entrance, but not one that said this IS the entrance), I finally found the entrance.  The smallish entranceway opens into a grand space that is incredibly lovely with tons of bent steel and bright colors.  I couldn't believe that I was in the same building as the Ranch Market.I was so mesmerized by the beauty of the location, and the display of a gajillion tequilas, and the music of the roving mariachis, that almost any food set before me would have been forgiven.  Almost.  The chips and salsa were okay, but my entree was really disappointing.  I ordered the spinach enchiladas and got a bland enchilada with barely cooked button mushrooms and hardly a shred of spinach! Seriously. I expected to bust into my little rolls to find a plethora of greens, but actually had to dig and search for a mere shriggle.  And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.But, I must confess, my partners pollo looked incredibly tasty and he said it was.  I'll have to take his word for it, because I won't be going back to try again when I could just as easily go to La Tolteca for much better food.
4	I am from L.A., very beautiful and decorated very well. I orderd the chicken plate and was very filling, I also noticed that the serving for rice and beans was very limited and that good because you ususally don't eat rice and beans.
5	I'm a believer. A nice late lunch on Sunday on a not yet hot day. Alcohol? check. Cheese fundido? Check. Camarones? No, the waitress explained to my spanish speaking companion that he should wait until he hit a real mariscos place. Check for honesty. She tried to get us to order the parilla, but I always have bad luck with smoke in my eyes. I think I got the carne asada.And the place was full of Mexican families. It's in the hood so whiteys beware! N.B. If you don't act white they bring you the good salsa. And the fundido like many artery clogging choices, is the authentic preparation. Go back to Baja Fresh you chain loving haters.
2	Rating is for the food.  I love the space, decor, the outdoor grill/tortilla cooks, etc.  However the food is simply blah.  I was there when it opened and have been back about 8 times now and it seems the food is progressively more ho hum, which is odd since they aren't serving blue hair seniors from Iowa.I just returned from a meal with east coasters unfamiliar with good Mexican and they even thought it was bland.  They also loved the whole look and feel... just not the food.  It's a shame, since this really could be a regional gem where you take visitors (and locals who rarely leave their burbs) and really wow them.  I keep going back because the next door market is also one of those unique-to-PHX experiences.  However Tradiciones is not delivering on the food.  The menu sounds good.  It looks good.  It tastes like buffet fare - dumbed down for the masses.   If only they brought in some recipes and/or cooks from any number of divey but great tasting places nearby, it could be so much better... and that's the shame.
2	Scored 1 to 5 - 1 is worst / 5 is bestAlso, for those that say "This is authentic" ... yes, they are right, Authentic for Disneyland ... dont get me wrong, it's decor and looks and feel of the establishment is great and yes it is located to a Mexican Market but that doesnt make something authentic in my book.  I have traveled all over in Mexico and this doesnt cut it.  It is a great place to take a tourist... In regards to the food, yes, they have "authentic" choices, but it's not stellar.  My opinion of Authentic is that the FOOD tastes like you are in Puerto Nuevo, Cancun, Mexico City and the flavor and smell is something you remember.  Only the environment here was memorable.  If you didnt grow up with mexican food then I am sure this will be fine for you, but if you know what a carne asada burrito should taste like then keep looking elsewhere.**Atmosphere: 5**Service: 4 (went on a Friday at 4:30pm before dinner rush)**Margaritas: 5**Food: 2 (Carne asada was your typical Phx gummy and tough meat that is passes off as carne asada at most restaurants here in this city.  The carnitas was link some pork tenderloin, and too salty.  Shrimp was very good, chips and dip was average, corn tortillas were excellent, beans and rice were average.)**Mariachi trio: 5 (we have family that played for years, so we know good mariachis, and these guys were awesome.**Price: 3So Carne Asada in Phoenix is teh suck... I have yet to find something good...
4	BEST CARNE ASADA (GRILLED SLICED STEAK), HACIENDA-STYLE HOSPITALITY. A MEXICAN FOOD EXPERIENCE IN THE THEME-PARK STYLE.--colorful, tasteful, vibrant ambiance in the country-hacienda style; kudos to the designers with an eye for detail;--dining room draws natural light from the delightful patio windows to the vaulted ceilings above;--this place and the adjacent ranch market are a "must-do" for tourists (bring your out-of-towners here);--Don't miss the Parrilla (grilled platter); one "portion" serves two; choose three meats and voice your tortilla preference;--grilled vegetables include nopales (cactus), Mexican zucchini squash, jalapenos (consumed whole, took me to five hiccups before my stomach settled), and baby onion stalks (not the typical pile-o-fajita yellows);--both rice and beans served family style, and perfectly flavored. I could just sit and eat bowl after bowl of those beans;--juicy, perfectly cooked shrimp; "asada" goodness knows no bounds;--guacamole is plentiful (no melon-ball scoops of yesterday at $3/ea here!) and freshly made to order; NOW THAT'S what I'm TALKing about !!!--table salsa is spicy with lots of freshly chopped chilis and pureed onions; really good burn;--try the horchata (rice milk and cinnamon sugary goodness) or any of the featured Aguas Frescas.--no fuss over separate checks (and that was for our table of 10!)--pork was a bit dry; is "gamey" possible in pork?--server forgot our desserts and we gave up after 20 minutes (shucks! they were sitting right there on the pass!); the manager refunded us promptly and then packaged them to-go.After so many recent disappointments on rock-hard rubbery shrimp, I _finally_ found a place that grills properly, excellent marinade, and with the freshest ingredients. If you get the impression that you are amidst a food operation staffed by thousands, you are correct: several hundred are working in the kitchens next door making tortillas, cheese, asada, aguas and more!If you don't have a filthy-rich Mexican relative with a hacienda (Mexican mansion) across the border, this may be the closest you'll get without an invitation. The mostly-abandoned courtyard is centered with a gigantic fountain, lined with what could be booths for a seasonal market, bodas, or other festival. In the corner a lush garden with a somewhat secret door leading to la sala, the grand room.Don't miss the Ranch Market next door; you won't see retail food sold in this quantity anywhere else in town. Take your camera.
4	SO.... Yelp led me to this place.  I was bored and craving Mexican so I took a ride down town.  Really classy place. A lot of time was placed into the decor and i liked the vibe.  Went for lunch and the place is big and im not sure there was anyone else there.  I had come to this place just because of the review that the one girl did when she asked "how come no one ever told me about this place?"  I feel the same.Had a guac salad and I had a marinated chicken that looked like an El Pollo Loco chicken but it was much much much better.  I think the menu said the chicken was cooked on a wood palate.  Very tasty. Salsa was only weak spot as I didnt think it was that great.  Other than that it was a great meal in a classy place, didnt break the bank.  No reason not to go back.
4	well to start off this restaurant is enormous with lots of character.Rand h. and i went there for there lunch buffet which was small about 8 or 9 things only.Every thing i tried i liked The only thing i thought was below average was the chips and salsa {to plain for me}.I had my mind made up that they were going get three stars but the building deserves the fourth.After all it is quite the amazing design.
1	So I figured out why this place has 5 from one and 1 from another.... It is owned ny our friends up North. Yep The super nice yet bland group we call Canadians. They have created a tourist trap that appeals to tourist and lovers of SW crap. LOLHere is a copy of the business plan. Lets create a super nice place that attracts people to it, eah? (cuz they end the sentence with a question)But we do know anything about Mexican food?Lets make it so neat just to be in the place that we will get by on our looks? Eah?OKAAY... make sure the drinks are good.
3	Good  atmosphere, good service, and clean. However the food is(pardon me)  gringo mexican food. Lacking  flavor and kick.  Even the salsa was bland without spice. Not horrible, but completely forgettable.
4	The atmosphere's probably the main draw to this place for a slightly upper scale mexican restaurant.  Don't get me wrong, the food is pretty good but for all the attention to detail in the decor, i dont know, i expected a little more out of the food.This is a good place to take mid western family members for a little southwest flavor since they wont know any better :)  The market on Sundays is nice and the staff has always been accomodating.  They have a huge banquet hall and the outdoor courtyard is the best seat in the house on a nice day. Full Bar! The deserts are great too.
4	After a long day in the sun it was time to cool off and grab some lunch.  I went to Tradiciones and am very glad I did.  The food was amazing.  I had the pollo en mole and it was very good spicy yet sweet.  After dinner I had the tres leches cake which was also very yummy.  To wash all this down I had the millionaires margarita and it was very potent.  It had grand marnier, tequila, and Chambord.  Overall the meal was great and I will keep this on my list of favorite mexican places to eat in Arizona.
1	I posted this a month ago, but did not find it, so I am re posting it. I use to eat here frequently, and found out they may have sold this place to owners from Canada. I don't know if this is true but they sucked the Mexican soul out of this place (whoever they are). The food, well, it is not Mexican food. They replaced the salsa with some weird watered down sauce with some stuff floating in it and that is their only salsa. They don't make a hot sauce for us gringas who like spicy. We ordered the Chili con Queso as an appetizer, for $8, it was a huge rip off. It was about 2 tablespoons of room temp melted cheese. My daughter's cheese nachos were 4 chips with melted white cheese that had NO flavor. My chili relleno had no flavor at all and about halfway through, had the flavor of cleaning product. I verified this with friend who was choking down his weird enchiladas (no other way to describe them). The manager said they got rid of the hot salsa and took $3 off my dinner for the cleaning product relleno. This place has turned into a huge joke. Don't waste your time, palate, or money.
2	Not sure how to handle this one. I really like this bar. If it were ever open. This place has good food, great beers and a really fun atmosphere.  However, it closes at 2pm during the week! I've heard of bars not opening until the afternoon/evening, but closing at 2pm and not opening back up for happy hour or dinner? That seems odd. It does seem to still be open on the weekend, so i'll try it again since I love their patio, but i just cant rate a bar that closes after lunch very highly./Art
2	On the verge of just giving one star I, I figured on 2 only because I enjoyed the cool open interior of the main restaurant. As far as the food. That is one star. While having just stopped in at the Ranch Market to pick up a few groceries, I was going to eat at the Market itself but decided to maybe try a place I had never tried near by instead. As I took my groceries to the car, I decided that since I had not yet tried "Tradiciones" I would give them a try. I enjoy the food at the Ranch Market-- tasty and authentic.  Since they are connected I THOUGHT the food would be the same. Boy was I wrong!  I don't know who they have cooking here, but with all the great stuff they have next door it should be A LOT better. The salsa should have been the first clue...it was just ok.  Again, knowing what they make in house next door, made this salsa pretty sad.  Wanting an Agua Fresca to drink and again knowing next door had like 7+ varieties, I was disappointed they only had horchata and pina here. I got the pina, which was probably the best part of this meal. I was really craving some tacos, and noticed they only really offered them under the appetizer menu as street tacos. Also wanting to have a sopito, I thought WTH I will get the sampler platter and add a taco. The platter came with 2 mini chimis, 2 mini taquitos, 2 mini cheese enchiladas and a soptio each of chicken and beef. All looked good when it came out. I enjoyed the taco first...the last thing I was to enjoy on this culinary outing. Then, digging into the chicken enchiladas, the sauce was a "mole". This was not a good mole...way too sweet, someones idea of a mole. Yes, just because a mole has chocolate doesn't mean it's a chocolate sauce.  And the chicken, stringy bland kinda tough. Everything followed suit, bland not very authentic, someones idea of mexican food. It all reminded me of something I would get if in the Mid-west somewhere and wanted Mexican food...not Arizona! The only saving grace to this meal was that it was happy hour on a Saturday and the platter was 1/2 off and the taco was a buck so I left paying only $9 instead of $15. While I will continue to eat at the Market....I will pass on TRADICIONES...*blegh*.
2	I don't understand why my review of this place keeps being filtered?  Because I gave this place a bad review (which is a true review of their food)?
4	This place lives up to it's name.  I can personally vouch for the margaritas, fish tacos, tamales, beans, red rice, white rice and salsa.  Que riquisimo!  The service was so so, but who cares. This gringo was  in hacienda heaven. I can imagine this place gets down on Cinco de Mayo.  The girlfriend and I plan to hit up the sunday brunch to get our mariachi laced funk on.  I bet the plaza is a great place for the family to convene for lunch in the spring.  Hasta luego amigos!
2	So, I went because of all the hype. Immediately, realized how overrated it was. The ambiance is like a Chilis but trying to be mexican.
3	Love the cilantro margaritas, patio, and live music.
5	unfortunately due to 1070 i can't come back. this is hilarious, they want me to confirm that my review is written in English. Thanks, joe, you schmuck
1	First time reviewer but felt compelled to dismiss the myth of fabulous food at this place:  Upon recommnedation, we went to Tradiciones where we expected a good Mexican meal downtown.  Wev'e lived in AZ for almost 30 years and I'll quote my wife... "This was pobably the worst Mexican meal I've ever had".  Heres my summary -- the grilled chicken I had was griilled at some point earlier in the day then microwaved to warm it up so the skin was soggy; my wifes cheese enchillada was cold in the middle and was clearly a reheated frozen mess; my wifes chile rellenos was flat, tasteless and cold as well and I think it too, was microwaved.  I dont know what that stuff was they put on top...some sort of salsa...but it too was tasteless.  The flour tortilla i was served was sitting under a heat lamp for so long and become so tough, I could not tear it apart; it crackled when I bit into it.  The chips were good.  We'll never go back.  With so many other great mexican restaraunts in the valley so dont waste your time here.
2	What can I say except that I was thoroughly disappointed.  I feel like this place caters to out of towners that have no idea what good mexican food should taste like.  Build your case, you say...and I say okay.  I ordered the Enchiladas Suizas.  The chicken was cold, as if made earlier (which I'm cool with) but wasn't heated to temperature (problematic).  The sauce had zero taste.  Also, the complemented zucchini was flavored with a very exotic spice called salt (sarcasm).  Service was also so-so, with an upsell for shots every 10 minutes.  In summary, you could potentially do better at Chevy's (and I think of Chevy's as a B-/C+ kind of joint).
3	I came here for the Tour de Cure pep rally dinner (which was great).  The food: mini chimibagas good, taquitos: ok, and yummy salsa, chips, and guac. Not too big a fan of the beans but I never really am. Kinda greasy but a great help to pack on the calories for 100 mile riders. Good places for an outdoor bar hangout and stage area.  Worse case scenario, get trashed on the happy hour cheap drinks and you won't remember the negatives!
4	I got about 14 of us together from work to come here. It was great! The food was great, service was great and prices are great!!! I will come here many more times!
4	It's closed.  They say for remodel.  I hope so.  It is a great place.Call their number before going.
1	Well guys I dont have much to say thats gonna be nice about this place. My dinner here was like someone used my tortilla as toilet paper, threw some cheese in it rolled it up and stuck it on my plate. Just in case I was not sure of the flavor i was experincing the stuck a nice big spoonfull of what was in my tortilla on my plate and called it beans. The only thing mexican about the food is they say its mexican and perhaps they keep their tortillias in the bathroom (kitchen) to use as toilet paper and cut down their cost and staffing of a real cook.
1	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =...And good riddance after the experience I had there last time!     :-OFiesta Grill now occupies the space here & a review is forthcoming.     :-).
3	I have been wanting to go to this restaurant for months if not years and finally got the chance the other day. My husband and I shared the fajitas, half chicken and half steak. The onions were cooked nicely but a little too oily for my taste. It came with about a cup size of beans, rice, sour cream, guacamole for about $25, which is not too shabby. The chips and salsa were good but not great. I really wanted more authentic food but the tortillas were those rubbery ones that you get at taco bell. It was disappointing. I would return only with a large group because of the patio and live music in the evenings.
1	Let's start by saying that "Tradiciones" no longer exists and now the place is called "Mariscos Vuelve La Vida".   The Spanish translation to this phrase is "Seafood gives Life".   Ironically, this is what this restaurant is missing... life.  Made the mistake of taking some out of town relatives to eat here.  One in the party had been here before when it was Tradiciones and fell in love with the patio and the "Mexicaness" of it all.  Is Mexicaness a word?  I don't think so but I like it.   We ordered fried tilapia, fried red snapper, two chicken quesadillas, one carne asada platter, one chicken burrito, one Modelo Negro beer and one margarita.  All the dishes were accompanied by a fake yellow rice and refried beans.  These have to be addressed first.  I say fake yellow rice because they were trying to make the typical mexican rice but failed.  The rice was plain, saltless white rice with a few peas in it.  A mexican place that doesn't know how to make a flavorful yellow rice?? Shame, shame muchachos.  What a flavorless scoop of I don't know what!  Really?  I told the cook I would gladly come by free of charge and teach the cooks how to make really really good yellow rice but she just listened and then said she would tell the cook.  And now for the refried beans.  Mushy, flavorless, saltless something.  If I had had a blindfold I NEVER would have guess I was eating beans.  Beans can be soooo delicious made with tender loving care and seasoned properly with garlic, onions and yes...something called salt.  Then for the carne asada, AKA, shoe leather.  Thin slices of beef with NO salt or pepper, or any seasoning for that matter.  Telling the waitress that it was overcooked and tough when she asked how the food was did not help.  She just walked away.  Was she muttering "that's how we always make it" under her breath as she walked away?  The two fried fish dishes lacked salt, were overcooked and a tad greasy.  The quesadilla & burrito were passable but nothing  worth a return visit.  However, the MODELO NEGRO beer was EXCELLENT and that's how this restaurant earned its ONE star rating.  BTW, the chips were fresh and plentiful.  So if you want to go to a restaurant just for chips and water, you are good to go at this place.MARISCOS VUELVE LA VIDA, contrary to its name, will be on its last legs shortly. We should start calling the EMT's now and give it some mouth to mouth.  It is going to need it.
4	Tradicionnes rocks.  Sure it has some compromises, but I consider them compromises in the name of authenticity.  The things that make it rock is core mexican food that is absolutely awesome, a couple of mole dishes that rock the casbah, and a physical building that makes it feel like you're in downtown San Antonio.  The service is usually good, especially for Sunday lunches when we usually come here and order from the menu.  Chips are always refreshed, and the tea stays full.  My one pet peeve is that we never get silverware if we sit on the porch.  It's hilariously consistent!But I stopped in this Sunday, and it was closed.  Bummer.  I called tonight, and there is no answer.  Double bummer.  Are you open Tradicionnes, or have you left us?
