3	This used to be one of my favorite Indian restaurants when I lived closer.The last time that I visited it wasn't as spectacular as it used to be, but it is still really good and I would recommend it.It is nice dining, linen table clothes and napkins, well dressed staff, so it can be a nice evening out, but you wouldn't feel out of place dressed casually, either.The service is good and the menu has a lot of great items.And, of course, a great selection of vegetarian dishes, as most Indian restaurants.
3	I agree with the other reviewers here on yelp.   Food is good quality but not very spicy so it's OK for a lunch buffet.   Very clean dining room and bathrooms.  Service is fine as far as a lunch buffet goes.  The iced tea was better here than other ethnic restaurants, it had a hint cardamom or cinnamon that was interesting.
2	This place used to be a favorite but the quality continues to deteriorate.  It appears there are new owners.  The buffet items are overly greasy and spiced oddly.Last time I was in not one staff person there even said a word to us.  It was weird!
1	Edit: New ownership noticed 2008. Tasty Indian cuisine with a British influence. Pub side has mostly British ales and are served in traditional, Imperial pint glasses.Food is average and in line with most Indian Cuisine in the Phoenix area. Chana Masala with garlic naan is an exceptional combination at this location. Appetizers are high quality as well. Prices/portions are on par for most restaurants.Service is about average as well - sometimes great, sometimes good, and sometimes poor.
3	The food here is good, but it didn't knock my socks off (or in this case my flip flops).  My group ordered quite a few dishes to share, I chose the Chicken Vindaloo and each dish was good but I've had better. They really don't do spicey very well, but I can take a lot of heat, so I guess it is all in perspective. The place is very clean, the staff is friendly, and their appetizers were fantastic.  I will probably come back, but there is no sense of urgency.
2	Stopped into this mid-sized place for the lunch buffet today.  It's a little glitzy inside but ok, & has all glass covered tables that were mostly set up for at least four people.  I missed seeing booths, my preference, but did manage to find just one comfortable spot in the place, at a smaller, out-of-the-way table.  It's a good thing I got there at opening time!Among the salad items, the cole slaw was tasty, & the server lady brought me naan bread that didn't have garlic or greens on it, but it was buttery, piping hot, & cooked just right.  Otherwise there was nothing special about the place.  Everything tasted ok, but a lot of the dishes were way too soupy.$8.95, Open 11:30 AM, Full Bar.
1	i used to eat at this place every month back in 2005-2007, since then they have completely gone down hill. really slow service and the quality has faded, i feel badly i hope they can fix that soon.
2	Just stopped for lunch before driving off. Food was below average. They had about 3 vegetable dishes and 3 chicken dishes. Nothing great .. Probably won't ever go back.
2	The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 is their naan bread was fantastic.I'm hungry and craving some Indian food, so I stop in.  I'd eaten here a few years ago and thought it was pretty good but not great.  So I go in and the lady at the counter who is none too welcoming tells me to go sit "whereever".  So I do, assuming she will bring me some water and then I'll go to the buffet.  But I'm sitting there for a while, about to just go to the buffet when she comes over and rudely says "You can go get a plate."  I'm wondering if I've offended her in some way but as I haven't really said or done anything, I figure not.  As I go to fill up my plate, I (and the entire restaurant) hear her yelling into the kitchen and the tone was not friendly.  Someone yells back, also not in friendly or joking tones.Now, I look at the items in the buffet, and it looks pretty sparse.  Granted, the place hadn't just opened, it was after 1.  But still.  Rice, a chicken korma, a spinach dish, a vegetarian dish, maybe two sad pieces of tandoori chicken, no onions or lemon with in.  But, I figure, maybe they had a lunch rush and maybe I'm spoiled into having a larger variety.  I check out the "salad" part of the buffet, pretty standard stuff.  The food was very bland, even for me who doesn't like really spicy.  All the food seemed to have a similar flavor to it.  Then I tasted one of the relishes- bad idea- I had to spit it out it was so noxious.  I'm not even sure what it was,maybe something with olives (my husband is constantly amazed that I will eat things I don't recognize) but it was bad, bad, bad!  Inedible.  Heinous.At this point, I'm really wishing the waitress/greeter would bring me the water I still haven't received so I can get this awful taste out of my mouth.  She comes over and I politely ask her for water and if the buffet comes with naan bread which I see other customers eating.  She says yes and stomps away.  She brings me water finally and a few minutes LATER I see her order some naan bread from the kitchen.  So I'm done with my meal and eventually she brings the bread, which, I will say right now, was outrageously good.  So good I'm considering going back even though the meal itself was pretty terrible and the service worse.  I go back to the buffet, convinced I've maybe missed something- like the really great milky tea or rice pudding some Indian buffets serve, but no.  I'm out of luck.  To top it off, I go over to pay, and I compliment the lady on the naan bread, to which she says nothing but tells me to wait there.  I wait while she and several others clean up the entire buffet!  After they are done, she comes over and does me the favor of letting me pay.  I couldn't really believe this experience, it was almost comical.  Like one of those restaurants where it's their "thing" to be rude to the patrons....well, I  will probably not be going back here even for the naan.
1	2 for awesome service & the best naan ... The rest.. Hands down to a zero ... & I feel bad rating it so low... But I've had wonderful Indian food... Outside of the mother land...& this is just horrible... :-(
3	Good Food....The Part-Time Hostess Is Awesome....
2	Don't go! On a scale of 1 to 10, I would give the food a 3, service 3 and ambiance 5. Prices are high and serving size small. The tandoori chicken is the worst I have eaten in AZ. For a moment there I was envying my dog's chew stick. Really, it sucked.Wonder how they survive.
2	I made the mistake of going here once for lunch. Blah. The food wasn't good and the service was bad. They seemed to hate me for some reason.
1	Pros: Ummm, let me get back to ya Cons: 1. Currently undergoing some kind of exterior construction 2. Food had spices in it, but nothing that made any dish "pop" 3. Bathroom is filthy 4. Service was unfriendly 5. Felt ill afterward Don't waste your time here, there are lots of awesome places to eat in Phoenix.
4	I'm an admitted Indian food neophyte, so take this review for what it's worth, but I did really enjoy the food at TOI.  Ok, so the server wasn't super "warm and fuzzy" and didn't slap on a ridiculously fake smile the entire time, but he got us what we ordered in a timely manner and was somewhat pleasant about it.  Parking was abundant and the atmosphere was kitschy, but it was clean.  The portions did seem a bit small, but let's face it, Americans are used to wheelbarrow sized portions!  I definitely had enough to eat and it was really good.I would definitely make a return visit to TOI.
3	So sorry to see the recent sub par reviews. I frequented Taste of India from 00-06, and would have given them 5 stars for food, service, ambiance and selection of Indian beers. Bummer.
3	I stopped by the restaurant a few Saturdays ago for a quick buffet lunch.  The place is generally dark with tables, not booths.  The place is clean, but the mood is chaotic; papers on some tables, chairs stacked, boxes around, etc.  It is difficult to have a relaxing lunch when the atmosphere is simply distracting.I said about four words to the waiter (literally two thank yous for the water refill).The food is basic Indian and is good, not great - tandoori chicken, palak pannear, etc.  I was hoping for something unique, or at least a signature dish, but my hope was not realized.The price of the buffett is under $10.00.  It is worth it, but I do not have a strong desire to return any time soon.
3	The food tasted really good, the time to make it, however, took a while.
1	Rubbery, nearly raw, white outside, pink inside chicken in two different buffet dishes. I hope they looked at my plate to try to figure out why i simply got up and left, but in my opinion, if you are incompetent enough to put an entire serving tray of undercooked poultry out on a lukewarm steamtable, then anything I can try to explain about what was wrong, will likely fall on deaf ears anyway.
2	The food was ok at best.   Too much salt added to all the dishes we had.  I really liked the vegetable samosa.  The saag paneer was ok, but the matar paneer was horrible.  the chicken masala was ok as well.The portions were pretty small for the price you pay.   The restaurant was big, service was slow, and it wasn't that busy either.I don't expect to eating here again.
1	I think this place closed.
