4	if you are a big meat eater, you should definitely come here!!  this portuguese restaurant gets pretty crowded, but it's pretty cute and quaint.  i got a grilled fish here, and it was a hefty portion and delicious.
4	Great grilled fish and pretty much grilled anything...HIghly recommended if you're into grilled meats. Also, the small Portuguese custard desserts are cheap and fantastic, worth trying.
4	Fabulously grilled meat and fish.  This tiny place is down to earth and delicious.  The grilled calamari is a tasty, especially when smothered with their spicy butter sauce.  Not vegetarian friendly.
4	Adorned with a big cock outside (the bird, you sick people...), Janos great place for a cheap and simple dinner. As a stranger whispered to us like the code into a speakeasy, I would also suggest to "get the chicken."Along with your chicken breast, salad with a dill dressing, and a side of fries, you will also have fun painting on chili oil from a mug onto your chicken. While extremely spicy, it's quite an experience smothering your perfectly grilled chicken breast with glistening spicy fat.
5	I love this Portuguese family restaurant.  They have the best chicken and spicy house sauce.  I always get the drumstick and fries.  The home made potato chips are the best too.  I never care for bell peppers, but for some reason its soo tasty.  I must say they also have one of the best home-made sangria I ever had.  Now, I know how they're suppose to taste like.  I always go here when I visit my boyfriend in Montreal.  It inexpensive and pretty reasonable in price.  Everything is tasty good and home-made here.
4	Walked into this restaurant hypnotized by the smell of the grilled Portuguese sausage...Ordered salad, sausage, shrimp, sweet red peppers, and a quarter chicken with fries.The chicken with fries were probably the best I've ever had - Delicious!. Full of flavour and so tender it melted in your moth. The sausage with its characteristic smokiness was pretty good too. Everything else was just alright.Service was lighting fast!
5	Definitely one of my favorite Portuguese in Montreal. They open late, if you are looking for a decent dinner at 11pm, this is the one. My favorite dish, if you are going with a friend, is the five-meat selection. My choice of combination is quill, squid, rabbit, lam, and portuguese sausage. Delicious!
4	This restaurant is always the busiest of all the Portuguese restaurants in this neighbourhood. Delicious grilled chicken and lamb, french fries and a salad for 15$.  What's not to love about that! No fuss and definitely hits the spot, especially with the spicy sauce that I smothered on my chicken at least 5 times.Must come back and try the grilled calamari next time.
4	$40 mixed grilled platter. Bring a friend. Or.. 2 friends, if you are a normal person, unlike me, who has a ferocious appetite befitting a male twice my size.We picked calamari (the only seafood besides sardines you can choose from), lamb, pork, rabbit, and quail (can't choose beef either). All of them were amaaaaaaaaaaaazing! Its simple preparation (and really smart restaurant operation/business plan) brings out the natural flavors of the different proteins and just adds some grilled flavor to it. Delish. We had a little left over for rabbit sandwich the next day too.Shortcomings, staff wasn't as warm as I expected from such a cozy place at this. And a bunch of grilled meats means not a whole lot of complexity or contrast in flavors, even though they did provide mountains of fries.. which we've had plenty of in Montreal.
4	Excellents plats Portugais de grillades.
5	The food was excellent and had such great prices that I would recommend it to anyone on even the tightest of budgets! Considering that me and a friend are backpacking, thier food and prices are a def steal!
5	What a great meal!  Chicken and sausage were fantastic.  But the spicy sauce really makes it.  I put it on my fish, my fries - it would be great on anything.  And the owner was very friendly.  He even gave us some extra of the sauce to take home with us!  I would definitely recommend.
5	Excellent, really delicious Portuguese grill. We tried the chicken and the chorizo which was served with a salad and fries. Both were great. The bread and olives served complimentary were also excellent. Apparently this is the first portuguese grill in Montreal.Totally recommend it. The owner Carlos is a very friendly and nice to talk to. You pay at the counter.
5	The food, combined with the service, made this place one of the best experiences I've ever had in Montreal.I highly recommend the grilled calamari they have here, absolutely tasty and juicy! Some other highlights include the shrimp, anchovies, and the steak.The customer service was superb as well, one of the waiters even taught us how to properly take out the bones in the anchovies when he saw we were having trouble. Now THAT'S service!
4	My boyfriend and I decided to do takeout instead of dining in. The place seems very quiet and empty but probably because it is a weeknight.We ordered the 5 meat combo that was recommended by a fellow yelper. It was kind of pricy especially for just two people but we definitely had leftovers for my boyfriend's next meal. We got to choose the 5 meat so we got rabbit, lamb, sausage, chicken, and quail. The combo came with 2 pieces of each type of meat, two salads and a huge bag of fries. The rabbit taste kind of funky but I thought it was only because I had a strong sense of taste/smell so I told my bf to try it, he did not like it either! I honestly felt like gagging after trying to chew it. So we ended up throwing the rabbit pieces out. Our favorite was lamb & the quails. I did not try the chicken because I was already full from all the fries but bf says it's like any other grilled chicken. The sausage was very dry and not much flavor besides salty. If I go back, I would only get the lamb & quail next time! You can also split the meal between 3 or 4 people if you are not a big eater.
5	I love going here for portuguese food. This placed has been open for many many years so they know exactly what there doing with the food and service.  I always take the half chicken and instead of the fries i take the potato chips which are made fresh and taste really good. i'v also tried there shrimp brochette which is also very good. One of the best portuguese to go places in Montreal.
5	So good. The Dorado was grilled perfectly, and the fries are always good. Fish and fries, what more do you need?
4	Small, casual restaurant with excellent fish, prices and service. I had the grilled sole and it was enormous and delicious, especially with their special hot sauce. I also had a Quebec beer, Boreale Blonde, which was quite good.
4	Went there on a busy friday evening, and the wait was worth it.The grilled calamari were just delicious. I had the grilled sardines and my friend had the combo (chicken and lamb). Both were great. The service was friendly though maybe quick (there was a line of people waiting outside so the waiters were probably pushed to make service quick!) The only down point was that we found it a bit expensive.
5	Grilled calamari was excellent. I took 4 choice of meat, with fries. The house sauce was great too! I would definitely go back.
4	food amazing love the semi spicy hot sauce. chicken was just soo tasty. Waitress was super nice. the weather was nice so we ate outside. calamari was good grilled not fried, but very tasty. would definetely recoomend. Price was not too bad for 2 with a pitcher of beer came out to 53 dollars
4	I've been hearing about this place from my fiance for years, and last week he finally got me to go there. Although it doesn't look like much, the chicken here is DELISH. Grilled to absolute perfection, my chicken dinner was very juicy - I was quite sad when I had the last bite...I also had some lamb on the side, but must admit that I've had way better. The bread is served cold and is a little bland. These two factors are the reason for the 4 star rating.Otherwise, service was fast, and the prices were decent. Will definitely be back for some chicken! Try it out - you will love it, I'm sure :)
5	Probably the best Portuguese chicken in Montreal. Great friendly service, and the atmosphere is awesome. Highly recommended!
2	After reading all the reviews for Janos, I was quite looking forward to eating there. However, I must say that the best word that summarizes my experience is: meh. I think the service was the biggest problem. It was really slow. We had to ask the waiter twice to bring us water. We never got the ketchup and mayonnaise for our fries, but the table behind us did! Actually, if we wanted to speak to the waiter, we had to poke him on the shoulder. The food itself: The salad was good and so were the sardines. The fries were really average. They were not crispy at all. The plates were quite big. I had the chicken and it met my expectations for the place. Portuguese people do know how to cook some delicious chicken. I loved the spicy sauce to put on it. It was very very spicy. It added some flavour to my fries who were very bland otherwise. Conclusion: Maybe it was just a bad day, but I will not go back there. I still prefer Cocorico.
1	What the heck is wrong with all the five star reviewers? Went here last night. No sense of hygiene. Un-eaten bread is reused for next table. Hot sauce is put on with a brush directly onto eaten food without being washed or changed between tables. Yuck. Lost my appetite here.
4	My wife and I hit this spot based on Yelp reviews on our first night in Montreal.  The food was solid and, while not mind blowing, was backed up with great service and interesting offerings.The atmosphere of the restaurant is very warm and inviting.  There is a distinct old-world flavor with brick walls and wooden tables, almost reminding me of an classic style pizzeria in New York or a vineyard restaurant of some kind.The chop salad was, believe it or not, arguably the highlight of the meal.  These guys clearly care about produce, and the simple blend of dressing, tomatoes, veg and leafy greens was delicious.  I'd go back for that alone.The Mixed Grill was, no pun intended, a bit of a mixed bag.  We got a mixed plate that contained Chicken, Rabbit, Squid, and Beef.  The squid was way over-done, and the rabbit was also pretty tough.  The beef was good.The chicken... oh man the chicken.  The chicken was, as other reviewers have indicated, so freaking good.  The meat was moist, succulent, insert delicious adjective here. The sauces they served were also great and had a lot of flavor.So overall, a good place to eat with some individual things that are superb.
4	Grilled Calamari in this place is a must !!!
5	Delicious! And the owner is fabulous - very proud of his restaurant and the long family ties to it.
4	Great place. Perfect for some wine/beer and great food. Excellent chicken, meat, lamb, seafood dishes with fries and salad. Very simple, but very very good. Great relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff. Good prices and location too. Will totally go back eventually.
2	I went there after reading the reviews but the place kind of disappointed me. It was dinner time but the place was empty. Only a waiter for the whole restaurant. Service was slow. We ordered lamb and catch of the day. The fish is almost ok if I didn't taste the gallbladder. And the lamb just sucks for we can taste the meat is not fresh. Will never go there again.
4	This place is great! And inexpensive to boot! When we got there, it was packed, but were seated within a few minutes. The entire time we waited, we were checked on, which made us feel at ease. When we were finally seated, our server took our orders within minutes. And the food was served very shortly afterwards. We ordered the chicken, quail, and chorizo....all three are awesome, the portion sizes are hearty; and the fries are pretty good (still crunchy, even though they didn't seem so)! Their hot sauce is amazing, and I will definitely go back here again!
5	As a large group (10 in total), with no dinner reservations, we set out on to the strip in  search of food. The front window into the kitchen at Jano caught our attention and we decided to pop-in. The staff swiftly accommodated us despite it being a very busy Friday night at the restaurant. They were very attentive and helpful with the menu. Service was quick and overall just superb. The food was fantastic. I went with the special of the day (lamb, chicken, & potatoes) and was blown away by the elegant simplicity of the dish (and that hotsauce - wow - I really did put that sh!t on everything).Will definitely be paying them a visit my next time in town.
2	Disappointing. Call me food snob from New York, but if this Portuguese restaurant is one of the more highly rated mid-range restaurants that Montreal has to offer, then I'm a fool for trusting the reviews.Visiting and in the mood for something Spanish/Portuguese, found this place near the hotel via Yelp. Complimentary Portuguese rolls (basic bread and butter) and olives were provided.--Grilled Shrimp - Do you think $10 for 4 pieces of shrimp you can grill yourself with a chili oil based sauce is worth it?--Chefs Choice - Combo of pork, chorizo, lamb and chicken. If this is a sampling of what their main meat entrees are, then no thanks. The pork was underwhelming in flavor, lamb tasted gamey, chorizo doesn't even come close to tasting like the real thing. The chicken was probably the best thing out of them all with a nice char on them.--Rib Steak - Nothing special. Requested it to be cooked medium well (for the lady) but it came out more undercooked. Flavor was just ok, but not that memorable. Ended up being more fat than actual edible meat so don't let the overall size deceive you.There's no bill handed to you at the end, which is a first that I've experienced. Instead you have to walk up, wait for a server to finish their duties before you can pay. Completely backwards system.New York City Portuguese and Spanish restaurants completely out perform this place for sure.
5	This is in my small list of must-go-to Montreal restaurants when I visit. Further, I've sent all my friends who visit the city here, and all report back great experiences. In fact, thinking about writing this review makes me want to fly to Montreal and eat here. Must. Have. Jano's. Chips!My only dinger, at all, would be that the service can be a little slow in busy times. Shocker.My recommendation is always the Mixed Grill, which I include: Quail, Chorizo, Calamari, Rabbit, and TBD. Mixing in chicken, sardines, liver steak, etc bring a nice bit of variety. Ideally come as a group of 4 and just get a ton of food to share.Also, I suggest splitting the chips and fries - both are excellent.The spicy chili oil is good, don't forget to mix/stir it before adding to your plate!
4	Loved it!  I had the calamari as an appetizer and the 1/4 Chicken Breast with Fries on the side for the main meal.   The calamari was seasoned with some light spices and served with the small salad.   Although the portions were somewhat limited (4-6 pieces), I thought they were well cooked.  The chicken is just awesome.  Grilled to perfection and served along with a spicy sauce.  The fries looked hand cut and made the perfect side.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great grilled chicken meal.  The price is fair and the service is great!
5	Love this place. Comparing it to the gold standard (Romados), Jano is at least 95% as good, and has the following advantages:-Beer on tap-Better selection (lamb, rabbit, quail, etc.)-Much better ambience-Olives-They give you a warm mug of chili oil to brush onto all your food as you see fit. Except it's more like chili grease than chili oil. It's definitely something that's not liquid at room temperature.(The only disadvantage on Romados is the heftier price. The portions are smaller too, although they're still impressively large)
5	Everyone always goes on about Romados this and Romado's that (granted, I'm guilty of it too), but if you're craving some seriously scrumptious and authentic Portuguese grill, you owe it to yourself to visit Jano. Whether you're starting simple with the quarter chicken combo, or swinging for the big leagues with their five meat plate (for two), you are guaranteed to leave with a smile on your face. All the proteins are prepared to perfection: squid, rabbit, duck, lamb chops, chicken... these guys are seriously masters of the grill. A simple salad and fries round out the plate.And if you're feeling bold, go ham on the hot sauce. But be warned, they are not messing around with that weak shit. This is some serious hotness.
