5	lots of changes in my life since i moved here in mid-2005 but one constant from February 2006 to the present- Ashtanga Yoga Montreal. i love practising yoga here (1-2x/week). the teachers are incredibly knowledgeable and have so much to share. my favourites teachers: Alison, Jessie, Elizabeth and Terri. everyone is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxed. AYM has several membership options (including deals for students), classes are usually bilingual, and they also (increasingly, it appears) hold special workshops. big thumbs up!
2	NOT FRENCH NOR GRINGO ASHTAGA:  First the positives:  the studio is quite beautiful, the staff is very nice, and the students are fit.  The strange:  the class was listed as "Ashtonga Yoga", but it had no resemblance to any Ashtonga class I have taken either in the USA or in France.  It started off instead of with the sun salutations with the class sliding across the floor on blankets.  It ended instead of with the finishing sequence with doing a series of core and back exercises using foldable metal chairs.  This seems to be a local specialty because another studio bragged on its web site that it had an excellent collection of chairs for yoga.  Anyways, I would skip this French Canadian Ashtanga and instead go for a run along the river (fantastic) and then head to "F-Bar" (1485 Rue Jeanne-Mance, fbar.ca) for a celestial delight of Portuguese-French fusion cuisine (Mackerel, coco beans, almond milk to start and then Halibut black raisins for the main course).  The Ashtanga in Paris and Strasbourg (not to mention Encinitas)  are much better and the run will balance out the calories from dinner and skipping chair yoga will save you back injury so will save you the cost of a massage and balance out the cost of dinner.  I promise F-Bar is worth it even thought it is pricy by USA standards.
4	Travelling from Ottawa to Montreal for work. This place was conveniently located near my hotel, so I decide to check it out after work. The studio was easy to find and very spacious and clean. There are 3 studios and each are large enough to fit a medium sized class. Instructions were very clear and easy to follow. The various level of classes makes it really nice to practice at your own pace with other yogis that are similar in ability. First time practitioners only 10$!recommend to check it out :)
