4	The woman that runs this place is super helpful and knowledgeable. She fixed problems with a title that even the employees at the DMV in Scottsdale couldn't figure out. It's a small shop so sometimes there's a wait, but it's way faster than the DMV with better hours.
5	Evidently you need a smog check that is less than 4 months old.  The lady at the counter gave me a place to run to (like 5 miles away), and I was back at AZ Quick Title & Registration within 30 min receiving my license plates!  Simple!  Much easier than the DMV...
5	This place makes is so easy for a vehicle renewal. And it was only a $16 convenience charge added to the total.  I was seriously in and out in less then 5 minutes. Highly recommend this vs going to the DMV and waiting in line.
3	Wow, talk about not listening and giving attitude. I felt like I was in the DMV with the chick at the front. I specifically asked her if I needed the Emissions paperwork because I left it at home. Her response? "Let me see what you got..."Handed her my paperwork and she said I still needed an "Insurance Lien Holder Declaration Page" since I have a loan on the car. Called the insurance company and had it faxed over. The manager put it on her desk, I waited for her to call me back up (trying to not be pushy) and she then helped another guy who walked in. After she was done with him, then she called me back up! Are you kidding me? Been waiting 15 minutes and you had what you asked for, but helped this guy before me?I almost walked out, but just wanted to get my AZ plate. Mistake...Then she calls me up and asks for my paperwork again. I hand her everything and THEN she tells me I need the Emissions paperwork -- HELLO!!! I TOLD YOU WHEN I WALKED IN I DIDN'T HAVE IT!!!!!!!!She completely wasted my time -- I looked around to make sure I wasn't actually in the MVD! I was getting attitude, wrong information, the personnel wasn't listening, and I was waiting for a long time for no reason. Sounds a lot like the MVD to me.Anyways, I come back the next day and deal with the Manager. He's much nicer and helpful. Cost $79 to register my 2002 BMW 325xi Wagon, and they charged a $36 convenience fee on top of that. So, with all that hassle, that "convenience fee" wasn't worth my time or effort. I could've received the same waste of time and attitude from overpaid clerks at the MVD for FREE!However, it's better than the MVD... slightly. We'll be going to a new place once we go pick up my fiancee's car and bring it back to AZ. Hopefully I'll be able to write a positive review for the next place... or back to the MVD we go!
