5	I had some water damage due to a leaking water heater at my home. Dave returned my call very quickly and arrived at my house at the agreed on time. He provided an estimate prior to starting the job and began work very quickly. The job required several days and he was flexible to my scheduling needs. Each day the the job site was completely clean before he left and work was completed very professionally. Dave is also very considerate and strives to provide great customer service. Once the work was complete he followed up with me to ensure my satisfaction and the invoice was spot on price compared to the job estimate he gave. I am already looking at more projects that Dave can handle for me.
5	I can be a pretty demanding customer., especially with the stress of buying a new house coupled with a new job in the same week. Dave helped to make things a little less stressful. I called him on a Tuesday to do a difficult ceiling fan install on 14 ft high vaulted ceilings. He was there Wednesday afternoon and did everything that was required to get it done. Whoever build my house/did the wiring did a half assed job that rivaled DMV customer service. Dave worked under the light if a headlamp, cut into drywall, went to a hardware store, rewired the entire system, and then installed the second one. He was there for over 4 hours and kept us informed the whole way through. He stayed over 4 hours, until the job was completed. After that we had a conversation with him where he have us insider knowledge on what plumbers charge (ever heard of a trip charge? That's where you pay some clown to come out to tell you he can't fix something). I will be using nick for this home and every other property I own. He even charged us less than quoted and wouldn't take my cash when I tried to pay extra. I'll have to find a way to sneak it in to payment for other jobs!
5	Dave's the best.  We found him when moving and he fixed up all of the things on the home inspector's list and did an exceptional job.  I always took good care of our house in Tempe, but it was never in better shape than the day we moved out.  Dave is very thorough and meticulous and does everything right the first time.  Since moving we've hired him another time to install a ceiling fan.  Normally I would do this myself but the ceiling was 19ft tall and I didn't want to deal with it, but a piece of cake for the maestro.  Seems to be very knowledgeable about everything from electrical to plumbing, to everything around the house, so great number to have when needed.
5	Dave was amazing. Very professional, on-time and got my doggy door installed in no time. Even has a paypal account for people like me that doesn't carry any cash and forgets to stop by the ATM. We'll probably hire him again for all those pesky little house projects.
5	Very meticulous with his work! Despite it being time consuming with many pieces, Dave did a very good job putting my dresser together. it is sturdy and the drawers slide smoothly. Glad he came, because I wouldn't have got it done in weeks.
5	Dave was courteous, professional, and fixed a plumbing issue for a fraction of the cost a competing plumbing company I found on Yelp wanted to charge. I'm relatively mechanically inclined myself, but was stumped finding the root cause of a leak coming from my bathtub. The leak seemed to stem from the drywall, and I knew I was going to need to hire a professional. I called Dave in the morning, and he came to my house same day and was able to quickly solve what could have been a serious plumbing issue in under an hour. I'm not one to usually write reviews, but after such great customer service I'm going to recommend to all my homeowner friends. A+ Service, Quality, and Price.
5	I asked Dave to save me from a series of chronic irrigation leaks; he was happy to do it, and also helped me with another couple of outdoor projects. Great guy to work with!
5	I hired Dave due to the high rating reviews he received on Yelp.  I needed to have a gate latch installed.  Dave did a very professional job in a timely manner. And his pricing was more than fair, compared to other companies I contacted.  I will definitely be calling Dave, the Handy AZ Man, for all of my handyman projects in the future.
