3	So I check this place out hoping its at least as good as Wingstop and Buffalo Wildwings. I was pleasanatly surprised. Service was decent and the wings were a pretty good size. I ordered the 10 piece combo which came with fries and a drink for about 10 bucks. I chose half of it Spicy Garlic and the other half Sweet and Spicy. I was very impressed with the fries. It was cooked perfectly to the point it was crispy but not burnt. I thought it was definitely better than Wingstop's fries.So 3 stars for the above mentioned. Minus 1 star because of the location. Its situated in a food court next to Subway and Don Tortaco's. The food court its self is part of a truck stop, which to some people is not too appealing, especially if you want to bring your family to eat chicken wings.Minus another star because the wings I ordered did not have enough sauce on it. I can taste it but I thought it wasnt enough to coat all the wings. I knew I didnt have enough time for them to make me another batch so next time I will make sure it gets plenty of sauce and I will update this review accordingly.For more info on the rest of their menu, go to their website, www.wingsrestaurants.com
1	How should i get started, first of all, the korean lady (owner) willl try to over charge u without the customer noticing and will try to give u the smallest portion she could give u. Then the people she be hiring are always on drugs because their eyes are always red and also she doesnt want to pay the minium wage she rips off her employees a lot so i would never go to that place ever again i rather starve to death!!!!!!  Ps someone needs to call the health department on this wings place bcz if not i will throw up if i see those NASTY korean wings ever again!!!
1	Had a taste for wings. . Googled this place the web said it closed at 11p.m. .. we get there at 10 p.m. the lady in the front tells us she cant serve us because they are closing an hour early because business is slow..  kinda disappointing but thanks anyway
1	We usually love coming here for their chicken wings. Despite the long wait for the chicken to be made, I never really had an issue with this place until our last encounter. We ordered to go a 16 piece chicken wings combo. Without looking inside our to go box of chicken we drove home. We opened it and found little chicken wings the size of our fingers. I never seen anything like it before. It was like they used a baby chick.So we called them. The lady answered and knew automatically who she was talking to when my beau said, "why did you Give us chicken like this." They lady replied with, "we're closing in 5 days so that's all the chicken we had so we had to "use it all up".." What does that even mean? Does that mean that this chicken has been sitting in a freezer for days or weeks waiting to be cooked? There's 5 days until you close, so does that mean you're just going to use old chicken? I was very confused and disturbed.  We ended up not eating the chicken.But moral of the story is.. Always check your food before you leave the place where you got it from.
