5	Let's get something straight: dentists and doctors are scary. Really f*cking scary. They rank on the scary scale right above Satan. But below clowns. Because clowns make even Satan poop his hell-bound pants. They're really evil. But dentists get right below clowns.So when I had to go to the dentist, I would rather have gone 12 rounds with a early 1990s Mike Tyson bareknuckle than go to the dentist. But away I went to Just Smiles.The first time I went, they were polite, and explained nicely what they had to do, and they assured me they were going to be as gentle as possible.Yeah, right. Everyone says that on the first visit, because they want your business. Let's see how they are on the second time around.Well, I just got back, and just as I suspected, the second time around, they were... well... still nice.WHAT??? I KNOW!!They were all very concerned that I was feeling okay. I told them dentists get me all freaked out, to the point where I shake (and this from someone who routinely gets punched in the face). But they reassured me every step of the way, that they were going to do their best to be gentle and keep me calm. They explained what they were doing and they were really nice. And when it comes to dentists, if they can soothe my nerves, that's points in my book.They were really good about taking my insurance, and flexible with my schedule.Now, let's not lie. It still hurt, and overall I was still nervous, but the crew at Just Smiles are a step in the right direction.
1	When I first walked into the just smiles office, I thought it might be an alright place to go. I take very good care of my teeth and I have absolutely no insurance so all of my work is paid by cash up front.  I had a cracked filling and Dr. Mike suggested a crown and possible root canal. I trusted in his judgment as a professional and went on with the treatment,  When I was in for the treatment he told me I needed the root canal so he preceded and fitted me with a temporary. As he was taking the impression for my crown he pulled out one of my other crowns and suggested I have it redone for an extra $900 when he pulled it out to begin with!!! When it came time to place the permanent crown I told Dr. Mike it didn't feel right. He said give it some time, and so I did. The following month I returned to let Dr. Mike know that I was still experiencing pressure pain and sensitivity on the tooth that he just did a root canal on and a crown.  He then told me he does not do redo work and that there was nothing further he could do! I was extremely disappointed since I just gave him $1400 cash to do the treatment on one tooth. Now he says I will have to go to a specialist who will probably charge me another $1400 to redo the service!!! Talk about unprofessional!!! He couldn't even do my treatment properly and now expects me to pay some one else to fix it!!! What a waste of money!!!
1	BEWARE!!!This office does not know the meaning of customer service.  I posted a review to my dissatisfaction of the services I received at this office, and to my surprise I received a harassing phone call from an agent of this office regarding my posting! I guess they really don't want to hear "how we are doing," and they only want to receive positive reviews!  What has happened to a business providing outstanding customer service and pleasing the customer?
5	I came to Just Smiles for a second opinion  . My former dentist told me that I needed to get 2 crowns. From the minute I stepped foot into the Just Smiles office I was taken care of by the ladies at the front desk. My appointment was on time. (imagine that) The dental assistants were great and answered all of my questions. (believe me I interrogated them) Doctor Mike was able to get me one crown and saved the other tooth with only a filling. The cost was half of what the other dentist was going to charge me and I had better service! In a city where it is hard to trust doctors and dentists I have finally found an honest professional that I can recommend to my friends and clients!!!
5	My family & I have been seeing Dr. Mike for many years now. He is a great dentist. He is very skilled & cares very much about the quality of your smile. The office staff is excellent & Calvin gave me the best cleaning I've ever had today. Make an appt. with Just Smiles with confidence. I highly recommend Dr. Mike.
5	I've been seeing Dr. Mike and staff for 4 years now. I followed him over from his old Pecos/Harmon location. Dr. Mike has shown me nothing but kindness and explained everything in detail about what I have had to have done.  And taken his time to do my procedures too! I even recommended my friend to come here and she is deathly afraid of the dentist. And she loves him just as much as I do.
5	How are these people so happy?! It's amazing! I came here with a sweet living social deal (which was amaze-balls, might I add...)For the first time ever, the dental hygienist recommended to me techniques on how to help my gums stop bleeding. And of course, it wasn't to floss less!  They were extremely helpful with recommendations on follow-up to further improving my smile. I have found my Las Vegas dentist! :)
5	The dentist Mike is amazing. He is truly great at his craft. I went in today to get all 4 of my wisdom teeth pulled, scary right? From start to finish he and the staff made sure I was comfortable and made sure every single need of mine was met. I for sure found a dental clinic that I will be glad to recommend and go to whenever I need work done!! You guys rock!!!
5	Ahhhhhh I loved this place! Best dentist office I've ever been to! Went yesterday thanks to a Groupon deal and everyone was sweet as hell and even gave me advice on how to fix a dental problem I've had for years! DEFINITELY going back and definitely will be my new dentist for (hopefully) years to come!EDIT: I ALSO LOVED CALVIN WHO CLEANED MY TEETH! I'm always embarrassed with my slight gingivitis because hygienists in my pass have always told me I'm not brushing hard enough, blah blah blah oh btw, buy this sonicare toothbrush! He passed no judgement and said my teeth look fine (save for a spot on my top gums)...I KNEW I was brushing good enough! haha. Also, my teeth haven't felt this clean in YEARS. GREAT place.
5	I came here because of a groupon for Zoom whitening and a cleaning. The cleaning ended up being much more than I expected- or paid for. The hygienist was very thorough; explaining step-by-step what I needed and was sensitive during the process. It was nice to have someone understand that this isn't the most pleasant experience :) due to lack of insurance and funds in recent years, this was my first dentist visit in at least 6 years. As a result, I needed a follow up appointment, and the experience was top notch. Very impressed with this office. I thought because I was coming for a groupon, in Vegas, this would be "ehh"- I was wrong. If anyone else is wondering if they should come here, take my advice.. Make an appointment now :) I'll be making a follow up review when I get my whitening done!
5	Went to Just Smiles this morning and loved it - my boyfriend and I both bought Groupons to use for cleanings and exams.  We both agreed this place is great!  It is super clean and everyone we encountered was professional and happy!  Calvin cleaned our teeth and was very thoughtful and thorough.  I didn't catch the receptionist name or the xray techs name but they were both very nice.Michael, the Dr, was so kind and even went out of his way and helped me out by fixing my invisalign retainer.  He saved me a couple hundred dollars as I was going to have to buy a new one.Overall we are extremely satisfied.  As long as we are in Las Vegas, this will be our dentist:)
5	Staff was very nice and they were able to give us a same day appt with is almost impossible with other dentists in our neighborhood. Very satisfied with just smiles dental:)
5	Staff was so incredibly friendly and very professional. Had my teeth whitened. If I didn't already have a dentist I would use them...
1	Watch out at this place. To bad you can't give no stars. They don't tell the truth. I needed a realign of my denture. When I called, I specifically asked if the dentist, Dr. Mike, could do that while I waited and how long would it take. I was told that yes he did do it there and it would take about 1 hr. I drove 15 miles across town to get my denture fixed. When I got there, I had to pay $75 up front just to see the dentist. Before doing so, I verified that he would do the realign then and there in about an hour. Guess what? He told me that he takes impressions only and send the denture to the lab to be done. I got up and left and asked the receptionists why did they tell me he did the work himself. They said "we never said that." They must really be desperate for $75! Wow! What liars! I'd never gone there to begin with if I had known what I was dealing with.
5	Very nice lounge, great deals on groupon,  and a friendly staff
5	The reviews were right!  Went here on a groupon, which was a great value if you get the chance to snag it.  Everyone was really nice, Calvin is awesome!  Nice clean office.  My new dentist!
1	Thus far they have been very unaccommodating just to schedule an appointment to come in! The receptionist has been very short n rude over the phone. Very limited days/times to take patients, andI already purchased a Groupon for a cleaning. I have very low expectations!
5	CLOSED DOWN - Update - Made an appointment for Feb 2014 for cleanings.  Called today (a month after I made the appt) and was routed to a different dentist office.  They said Just Smiles closed down:( Bummer!
