3	If you are Vietnamese or appreciate Vietnamese food, and are looking for Bo Bay Mon (7 Courses of Beef), this is the best place in the Montreal Metro area to get it. It may not be as good as Westminster's Little Saigon or San Jose, but for Montreal, it is the best. This on recommendation of the Vietnamese locals.If you like Beef and Vietnamese food, this is the choice for you. If you have never had this 7 course meal wich is becoming very popular on the West Coast of the US, check it out, or bring  a Viet friend to show you the ropes on how to eat each course.
4	One of the first Vietnamese restaurant in Montreal. I have been going there for nearly 30 years. Home of my favorites "imperial rolls" anywhere
4	Oooh la la ... fantastique!!!Heard from the locals that this is THE place to go for Bo 7 Mon (7 Beef Dishes) and they were all right!My husband, my aunt, my mom, and I all agree that this is the best place for Bo 7 Mon.  We've never experienced better restaurant grade Bo 7 Mon ... ever!!!!All the beef dishes were flavourful and tender; and prepared in quite a refined way.  A lot of veggies - lettuce, mint, basil, carrots, pickled daikon radish, cucumber, other leaf herbs I don't know the name of - are included but there is the option of ordering extra (for a charge) if you run out.  The rice paper was amazing ... thin and never tore?!  I want to know the brand of that rice paper!!!!One of the highlights of the meal was the dipping sauce ... OMG ... it is a shrimp/ anchovy based sauce called mam nem.  It is probably the best mam nem I've ever tried.  It was little spicy and just perfect ... with bits of crushed pineapple ... oh YUM!!!!!  No vermicelli noodles were included - that would be extra if you so require.The restaurant itself is gorgeous - not your stereotypical Vietnamese restaurant (sorry stereotypical Vietnamese restaurants).  High loft like ceilings, dark wood, modern decor, glass ... beautiful!  There was definitely an upscale vibe.  Cost of the Bo 7 Mon is $42/ 2 people.  I wasn't stuffed silly but left pleasantly satisfied.p.s. - No Highchairsp.p.s - Located right beside a tattoo heavy, piercing heavy, gothish barp.p.p.s - Right across the street is a male strip club and a place to buy Beaver Tail.
4	I have been coming here since childhood, It was one of the first vietnamese restaurants in MTL, perhaps the first.The last time I came here was back in the early nineties, it was reminiscent of a bamboo tiki decor back then. I has been renovated since then and it looks much more upscale now.One of my colleague at work wanted to try vietnamese cuisine, and I thought bringing her to one of those Pho place probably wouldn't do the trick, So naturally I thought of Ong Ca Can and Bo 7 mon.I believe it is still the only place in MTL that serves Bo 7 mon, which means 7 beef dishes. And at 46$ for two it is well priced, if you want cheaper you have to go to california to get that (try Pagolac).Traditionally, these themed dishes are served together in a festive setting for special occasions like weddings. As beef is somewhat more expensive than other meats in vietnam, it is generally held in high regard to serve/or be served bo 7 mon. Not to mention it takes a lot of work to make all seven, so it is not often eaten and people are usually excited about these dishes.1. rice soup with minced beef2. beef fondue3. grilled beef wrapped in caul fat4. grilled beef in Lolot pepper leaves5. grilled beef wrapped around onions6. beef steak (vietnamese style)7. Steamed beef meatloaf with shrimp chipsThe beef fondue comes with a side of herbs, lettuce, bean sprouts, carrots, cucumbers and pickled daicon radishes.Then you also get a half moon bowl of hot water and rice paper. the rice paper is dry and you dip it in the water just to coat it all around with water and then place it flat on your plate. Then you cook the beef in the fondue broth and place it in the rice wrapper along with all the herbs lettuce and whatever else you want. then you make a roll and then dip it in the sauce and eat.The sauce is made with fermented anchovies and pineapple puree. Don't worry it doesn't smell that much they have toned it down here, it is very nicely done.For items 3-5 you can also roll in the rice wrapper and dip in the sauce.The steak you just eat it, it is sliced thinner than regular steak, and it is a small piece and it is done medium, but slightly charbroiled on the outside.The meat loaf comes at the end, you get a half moon portion served with shrimp chip.My coworkers were very impressed with the multi course meal. It did alter their perception that viet food was Pho and little else. It was a cultural experience for them which was very profound and I'm glad to be their guide.Don't worry if you order this and you don't have a guide with you , the waiters will show you how it's done. I know everyone has had Pho before, want to rediscover vietnamese food? come here, order Bo 7 Mon... you won't regret it.
4	This is my first time here.   I was a bit shocked to see the prices on the menu.   I have never seen Vietnamese food priced so expensive before. We ordered the bo 7 mon.   Priced at $46!  The highest I have ever seen.   In Toronto,  I saw it priced at $30 and that was the highest I ever saw. They served the beef congee first here and it was pretty good.   But a bit short on the beef side.   Than out came the beef fondue.  The raw beef looked cleaned and pretty good as well.   We than had all the bbq beef next.   This place served a beef ball rather than the beef salad.   The other beef rolls were pretty much the same.   I was however a bit disappointed... everywhere I went,  bo 7 mon always had bo lo luc.  This place decided not to make it as one of the seven dishes. Other places will usually vary on the other beef dishes but,  bo lo luc should always be part of it. Other than that. .. the food was pretty good.   But the question is. ... will I come again. .. and unfortunately I will have to say no.   The price did not justify the quality. The portions were ok. .. not too small and not too much.   But it is just not worth $46.I'm sorry to say that.   I'm not cheap. . But it's a bit on the expensive side for Vietnamese food.
2	As an Asian, it was quite disappointing to see the restaurant should have served sushi with vietnamese dishes... It's cuturally incorrect.Unlike the comments before, they no longer serve traditional vietnamese dishes. We have tried a soup and 2 lunch sets on the menu. They seemed not bad to us, but there wasn't any specialties...Given the same materials, we could have cooked better.Really. Don't understand why there are so many French people here...
