4	The only real asian food we eat when we're in Vegas is Pho. We decided to switch it up a little bit and do some Thai.Driving down Spring Mtn this was the first establishment we passed by. Grand Opening w/ 15% off your bill. SOLD. We pulled in. There was barely anyone inside which didn't deter us at all. The layout of the restaurant was really nice, clean and modern. We ordered a few dishes that included Tom Yum Soup, Panang Curry and Pad Thai. They all tasted great especially the Tom Yum Soup. Service was tip top and prices were fairly priced. I really hope they get more business.
1	Horrible horrible service. We had reservations there advance of two weeks. We requested that the food be ready by the time we get there (which was 7p.m.). NOTHING was cooked... nothing was ready. We only got to eat 2-3 out of the 7-10 items ordered. Food was ok, but the service was so bad that I will not be returning any time soon.
3	Wanted to go to Lotus of Siam, but we went here instead as a random pick. The food wasn't bad, but not great. Service was slow (I'm writing this review as we're waiting), but atmosphere was alright. Nice guy at the karaoke though.
4	A really nice place.  We had a craving for Thai, and this place was close, so we stopped in.  We were seated in a nice booth, and were given water and two menus right away.  After a while, we ordered some Satay as an appetizer, panang curry, and jun prad poo.  The jun prad poo was apparently a stir-fried noodle dish, with sweet chili and topped with lump crab meat, and will be the stuff of dreams for me for a while.  It was very, very good.  I've never had anything like it, and I want to go again soon.  The satay was nice, as well, very tender meat, and the curry was the perfect blend of creamy and spicy.  While everything was good, nothing beats the jun prad poo!  We had Thai Tea and Vietnamese coffee, as well, and while both were fine, they weren't that special.  Our water was refilled constantly, and the there was a very talented lady on the mic with a sultry voice that helped set the atmosphere, as well.  Low-lighting was nice, but not at all conducive to photos, so no photos for the review.  Everything was well-presented, though!I liked it, give it a shot, especially the jun prad poo!
4	Visit: 9/28/09 - Lunch.  Had the pad thai and curry chicken lunch special.Wow this place is pretty good.  For $6.99 a plate we had the main entree, soup and one lumpia.  The main entree was really good.  The curry was the stand out.  It was worth driving off the strip.Service was good.  There were a lot of people in here and the waiter took care of all of us.  He must have been superman.  Most waiters would have walked out the door.Price was excellent.  $6.99 for sit down service.  Not even Burger King can compare.I will come back.
5	Me and my family actually tried this place by accident, but it was the best accidental choice ever. We usually eat at  Pho Little Saigon across the parking lot but was drawn in by the Thai food (both in a plaza near China Town). Krung Siam's decor was mostly wood and it was very dim at night, I couldn't see much but who's looking at each other when we're nose to plate w/ such good food?We ordered satay, chicken krapow, crispy pork w/ chinese broccoli, and spicy catfish (pad ped pla dook). There wasn't one dish that I didn't fully enjoy. Everything on our table (except the glasses of water) was spicy, full of flavor, and just darn right satisfying. Every heaping spoonful of food that went into my mouth was a buddha-sent heaven, or hell since it's spicy, you know.If you're asking if this place serves authentic Thai food, YES. Very authentic, so not everyone will be accustomed to the unusual and potent flavors. Is it affordable? YES. Will  I drive you there? Believe me, if I could I would haul every single reader into a giant container truck and drive there right now. Convinced yet?
4	Great atmosphere, I havent ate anything i didnt like yet =P. Definitely go to try the "thai tea bomb" shot, one of the the best shots i've had!!
4	Went there for lunch with a girl friend.  Arrived at 12pm, expecting the place to be emptied, but there were actually a good amount of patrons in there!  My friend's Thai, and I'm Taiwanese (yes, we are from different countries).  Anyways, this was the first time for both of us there, so we had the waiter give us some recommendations for what to order.  As soon as he told us the crab fried rice was good, we both glared at him and give him the "oh come on, do you want to just show us where the nearest panda express is?"  So after he embarrassingly apologized, and my friend started to speak Thai, he recommended something, and that was when my friend got very excited, which got me excited (although I really have no clue why).  My friend said they got some kind of squid with spicy dipping sauce, and it's really good.  So we put in the order, along with some kind of specialty beef noodle soup and an order of mixed vegetable.  In all honesty, my friend put in the order, and I was just going along for the ride!  I am the Thai food apprentice =)When the squid was served, my jaw almost dropped! And the reason was, on the plate were two giant grilled squid.  And why my jaw dropped? Because this is the first place I've ever been to that served grilled squid like the way you find it from street carts in Asia!  The squid were grilled to perfection, slices into rings, tentacles and all!  The dipping sauce was good, and the only way I can describe it is a thick kind of spicy fish sauce. YummmmOOOOO!The beef noodle was excellent too (after my friend mod it to the spiciness of our preference).  Its a none creamy sweet and spicy dark broth with green veggies, beef meat balls, beef tendons and steaks, and bean thread noodles.  The bowl is huuuuge, enough to serve 2 to 3.The most mediocre thing we ordered was the stir-friend mix veggies.  Its just your everyday stir-fried mix veggies with chili peppers.  But we gotta get those veggies in somehow =)  The order was kinda small comparing to the other dishes.For dessert, we ordered Roti (Indian pancake) with condensed milk drizzled all over.  You can never go wrong with that! We also got the fried bananas.  We were expecting it to be egg-roll wrapped then fried.  Instead, its thickly battered and fried.  The batter also had shredded coconut in it, the aroma was nice, and the taste was good, but overall just taste like banana in a giant donut hole.  If you're not into fried food, like we weren't, don't order it.All in all, we'll definitely come back again, especially for that grilled squid!! We heart Krung Siam!
1	Terrible service. Didn't get water, plates, or utensils til after the first dish came out. We ordered 5 dishes, the first 4 had about a 10 minute gap between serving. We finished the first 4 dishes and the last one still never arrived yet. The food isn't anything fancy either. I do not recommend coming here at all. Oh and to top it off, while I was washing my hands in the restroom I watched a waiter walk out of the only stall and out of the restroom without washing his hands. That pretty much sealed the deal. Never coming back here again.
3	My experience was at late night dinner at midnight.We arrived there and was immediately surprised that they turned the restaurant almost into a night club atmosphere. Dim lights with party lights, a fog machine and a DJ. The bass was really pumping through your bodies... good or bad depending how you're feeling. We were promptly seated and ordered drinks and received them almost immediately, along with our plates and utensils.The decor of the place was really nice, actually. It was very modern for a Thai place. But besides from that, you might have to wait a long time for your dishes to come out during the late night hours. Luckily I have a patient boyfriend, so we managed to get our food. I saw another couple walk out though because they couldn't wait any longer. I don't blame them.We waited probably about 30-45 minutes for our food, and our entrees came before our appetizer! We found this odd, but we were hungry so we just ate.- Beef Satay: This came in the middle of our entrees, but this dish in particular was worth the wait. Beautifully presented, tender with a delicious peanut sauce. My boyfriend took the cucumber to cool his mouth down when he was eating his curry ;)- Pad Thai: It started out good, with the right amount of meat ratio with tofu thrown in. However, at some point near the end (bottom of the plate) it started to taste spoiled?! I don't know how, but it did and I couldn't finish the rest of it.- Yellow Curry (Spice Level 10): My boyfriend asked for this, and don't try this if you do not have a high spice tolerant. My boyfriend wanted to be challenged, and he was sweating profusely and his face was all red. He was clinging onto his Thai Iced Tea and water like it was his best friend. But other than that, he thought it was good.Check was about $30 for the 3 dishes and 2 drinks during Happy hour. Good deal!Overall: Dishes are kind of hit-and-miss and service is a little bit spotty. If you come during the late night hours, expect a night club atmosphere with long wait times.
5	I loved this restaurant. I will recommend this establishment to everyone who loves authentic Thai cuisine. I thought I had a favorite, but this one here is my new one. I dined with my boyfriend at about 2am in morning/night. The place was still kickin'. There was a Karaoke DJ up on stage. The music was loud but I like loud. Seems mostly Thai clientele dine and meet here. The atmosphere is lounge like. Karaoke songs sung were mostly Foreign, but pretty. The food and beverages were 15%off!!!! The spicy catfish, chicken satay, and spicy chicken krawpow were perfection. And what I liked even more was that I wasn't questioned when I asked for spice level 10. I hate being stereotyped. I can handle spicy!I finally got up enough courage to get up on stage to sing a few songs. There is a limited selection of karaoke songs in English. I had fun!...an added plus to the perfect Thai food. My two servers were so genuine and pleasant.
4	After having a few drinks at MIX at THEHotel, I was starving.  We decided to go off the strip to get some food.  I guess none of us felt like getting ripped off anymore from expensive hotel eateries.  We went to Krung Siam simply by luck.  We were planning on going to the Pho place in the same plaza but somehow Thai food seemed more inviting at that moment.The decor at Krung Siam was surprisingly nice.  It had a loungy restaurant feel unlike any other Thai place I've ever been too.  There were candles on the tables and the servers were all very friendly.  Best of all, they ad $4 buy one get one free bottles of imported beer.  Wow, that is cheap coming from the Strip where one bottle would run $7-9 bucks!We ordered the Pad Thai, Chicken Green Curry and Glass Noodle Salad.  We orderd everything medium spicy but the food came out SUPER spicy.  So a word of caution, if you can't handle spicy food, ask them for low low spice.  They had a spice scale from 1-10, we got 5 but next time I'll know to get 2 or 3.I was pleasantly delighted to see the large portions and taste the great flavors.  This was one of the better Thai places I've ever been too....mind you I was pretty drunk so my review might be a tad skewed.  Nevertheless, this place is definitely going to be one of our usual places off the Strip.
3	After searching a good amount of time for a place to eat off the strip, my friends and I settled on Krung Siam because of the reviews and proximity.  The place was nice inside as well as clean. Once we entered we were seated almost promptly. The menu appeared extensive and prices were a little too high I think for just Thai food off the strip but for sure cheaper than the Vegas strip food!  I thought perhaps portions would be larger due to the high prices when actually they are only moderate and marginal for family style dining.  We ordered the green curry with tofu, drunken noodles and Tom-kha kai soup dishes.  Price at the end for all three meals and drinks is about $38 (after 10pm is happy hour and it was advertised 15% off the total bill).  Service is very swift and it seems this place is popular since it was filled up but not packed.  At around 10:30pm or so a singer sang 80's music live on stage. Overall the food was good but too pricey, place is clean but seating area was too dim. The music can play a little too loud so I had a difficult time overhearing friends' conversations.
2	Today was my first visit. I had the chicken pad thai lunch special. The soup (which was great) and pad thai were delivered in record time. I asked for it spicy-4. Which is what I like from Archi's Thai Kitchen. However, here I didn't note any heat. It bordered on being too sweet. Now, I know to choose on the higher end of the scale. The pad thai had a mix of tofu and chicken. It had a heavy amount of red onion. It could've used more peanuts, and I prefer the crunch of fresh bean sprouts these were softened from being mixed into the noodles.Service was great. Atmosphere is real nice. Lunch was $4.99, plus a buck for an iced tea. While it wasn't the greatest pad thai, but you can't beat the price. I think I'll skip the pad thai next time, but I'll return to try other lunch specials.
1	We stopped here for a quick Thai meal before a play on a Saturday early evening in February. There were only 2 or 3 tables filled. I ordered an ice tea, only to be told they were OUT OF TEA! We ordered an appetizer and two pad thais, one with shrimp, the other with seafood. The pad thai was delivered before the appetizer, about which we had to remind them. There was no lime with the pad thai. When I asked for a slice, the waiter returned with a slice of lemon. The pad thai tasted off; the seafood was rubbery rings of calamari.  After struggling to get the waiter's attention, we paid the bill without finishing the meal and left. The next day, my dining companion (the "seafood" orderer) felt sick to his stomach all day and ran a low fever. Never again. Bad food; bad service. And this in s down economy. You'd think they'd treat their patrons better.
5	A friend took us out here and it is truly some of the BEST thai food i've ever had. Every dish was so flavorful and authentic tasting. Now, i'm not thai, but you could really taste the complex flavors and cooking style were not watered down for americanized taste buds.I ordered the Thai Basil with steamed tofu and the sauce was just to die for! perfect balance of sweet, salty, basil flavor. The eggplant basil dish was also mind blowing. The eggplant was slightly caramelized and meaty. The drunken noodles had soft, succulent noodles. the Pad thai was so different from the overly-peanutted(is that a word?) dishes I've had elsewhere. Lots of great flavor & texture everywhere. We also orderd a pot of tom yum soup for the table which was fantastic. However, please be warned, those are not green beans in there! it was a 5 alarm fire in my mouth for a minute when i took a bite into one of those chiles!The prices are great - $4.99 lunch specials during the week and $8-$15 entrees otherwise. Everything was out of this world delicious. Don't miss this place if you are in Vegas and have a hankering for Thai food! I wish I had a place like this near home.oh, also, it's in the Chinatown area off the strip so you can also go get foot massages at sketchy places across the street. ;-)
3	The food here was all great.  The flavors were excellent.  Everything was served fairly quickly once we were able to order.  And that is where they lose a star. We were a party of two and the restaurant was fairly empty when we arrived.  We were seated in one of their tall backed booths near the stage they had setup for a guitar/vocalist (pretty decent).  There was a party of 12 in the middle of service and three other tables of three-four customers.  We waited at least 10 minutes after being seated as we saw three different servers working with the other tables.  I finally leaned out of the booth and waved to the manager.  He came to the table and became our server.  He even put on the black apron.  He was dressed in business attire while the servers all had their uniform on.  So the food was great.  We had the pork jerky that you dip in this great chili spiced dressing.  Chicken Larb (hot level 3) which was super tasty of citrus and heat and onions.  A really great pad thai with chicken.  There was a lot of flavor in this.  Some pad thai dishes are kind of bland.  Not this one.  Great green curry...sweet and spicy and creamy.  Again it was rich and flavorful.  The beef itself was pretty ick though.  It was overcooked.Two for one SingHa beers made up for some of what was lacking.  Let's hope that no one else has as much trouble getting a server's attention, though.
4	A place you must to try on weekends... by yourself or with your friends! You will love it :)
3	$4.99 (Veggies) $5.99 (Chicken, Pork or Beef) and $6.99 (shrimp)  for lunch specials? Seriously!?!!  Who can beat that price which includes a bowl of soup and a plate of food? Too good to be true? Of course not! It is a fantastic deal and great price if you are okay with the small to medium proportion size.  The bird eaters will love it...but for me it's okay. I need more on my plate! However, I don't mind eating like a bird once in a while, so I say Krung Siam is great for those days of wanting to walk out with a flat tummy after lunch.
2	If I would've reviewed this place two year ago, I would've given it at least 4 stars.  I used to love this place because it offered cheap, delicious food near The Strip.  When we didn't want to spend an arm and a leg to dine on The Strip, we'd just hop on over here.  Last year, I even had my Wedding Rehearsal Dinner here because the place is fairly nice, the food is good, and it's a great bang for the buck.  Well, now I drop down to just two stars for this reason alone:  They upped the prices at least $5 per item for the exact same food, atmosphere, quality, service, etc.  Nothing about the restaurant has changed, in my eyes, except for the price.  The portions didn't change...nothing.  It irks me that a place thinks they can up their prices drastically just because they're trying to be slightly more high-end.  I think I paid something like $13 for Yellow Chicken Curry.  Something I can get for $8 at any other Thai restaurant of the same caliber elsewhere.  Service wasn't even good to make up for the increased prices.  The place was empty and I felt like we waited a little long to place our order, for the food, and to pay the check.  For this price, we could've just stayed on The Strip and dined in one of the casinos or malls.  I admit, yes, the food is still good but it doesn't warrant paying the increased prices.
3	Came here for lunch, expecting this place to be busy but it wasn't. It was just us and like 4-6 other patrons.This place is really nice on the inside. It is very lounge-like and has a karaoke set up with instruments for bands.The service was fast.I ordered the beef pad-see-you. The food came out fairly quick and when I saw the meal, it wasn't much. My cousin wanted to try some of it so I gave him some and there goes half my plate... Other places, they give a very good portion but this one was a little greedy. Other than the portion, the food was good, not bad. Can't say much. Nothing really stood out.
3	Came on a Sunday night after work to find myself greeted by a friendly you g lady and a nicely unobtrusive singer with a guitar.Had the Tom Kha and a satay chicken and they were both pretty great. It wasn't overwhelmingly outstanding, but it was certainly worth me stopping in. Pleasant atmosphere and a friendly staff, not a bad night out.
4	Great authentic food and service!! Nice atmosphere too. And open until 6am every night! (or should I say, morning) ;-)
1	Okay I never give a bad review but this time I have to due to VERY VERY BAD SERVICE. So my coworkers and I came down here for our lunch break, walk in, it's a little busy was a nice clean restaurant. While we were standing waiting for someone to seat us, servers just pass us by not saying a word to us. We waited for about 10 minutes and still no one approached us so my coworker goes to the bar and tells them. Then a guy grabs the menus and just starts walking (keep in mind he doesn't even say a damn word to us) so we followed because he must be seating us. 10 minutes pass by and still no one to take our orders (I would of walked right out but we were on lunch and very hungry). So in order for us to order we had to get up and give them our order while not once did they come to get our order or even check up on us. So we asked the person at the bar who is our server and it was a young lady! We were so pissed off because here she goes to the table next to us who just got seated and she already gets their orders, then she looks at us and walks away doesn't even say hi or have you been helped. Anyway, with that being said it took about 40 minutes for our food to come out....our lunch was ruined had to go back to work by the time we got our food. The food is good and not bad for $4.99 lunch special and $1.00 Thai tea! Very very bad service and I am probably not the only one that experienced it because there were a bunch of angry people that just walked out. For example: there were two guys having lunch and oh my were they mad because apparently they forgot the other guys order and only brought one order out. They just walked out without paying! Hey I don't blame them because I would have done the same thing!
5	Great place to get some good food and a nice cold SINGHA BEER!!! Love it!!! Will definitely be going back very soon.
3	this place is delicious!! my boyfriend ordered the yellow curry with rice while i had the pad see ew. my dish was very flavorful, just the way i like it. i tried my bf's dish and i was crying because i bit into a green chili pepper which i thought was a bell pepper!! i downed a whole glass of thai tea to washed the spiciness out. yikes* eat with caution you thai-food lovers!! the rice was kind of hard and not soft/chewy to my preference. the service was pretty slow for a place thats not so crowded, it was kind of pricey too.
3	Hit or miss dishes. Some are pretty bad, some are really good.*Service isn't very prompt or knowledgeable. They are friendly, but can't describe any dish, this was not helpful when I wanted to see what ducks they had and how it was prepared other than "red curry style" on the menu.*I recommend the padt thai here, it is really good with chicken. Stay away from the soups, they are too bland. Their house special thai style crispy chicken is very tasty and works well with spices. Meat larb is only ok, but then again I don't care for larb. Drunken noodles are only average here. Satay chicken avg as well.
4	$4.99 lunch specials! which include the thai curries, pad thai, drunken noodles, and a couple of other items.  Definitely worth it for $5.  Drunken noodles were ok, not that great.  Everything else is delicious.  They also have $1 Thai tea's and thai iced coffees. very good value.
4	My second time eating here yesterday, just because I don't know any other Thai food place in Vegas.  The food was excellent.  Love their curry. They have a full bar so that was a plus.  Although, they only have 2 small flat screens, I was able to catch a part of the World Cup Final.
4	I believe that good food should massage the palate, please the tongue, and warm the soul.I got all of that in my meal at Krung Siam. Was it the best curry that I've ever had? Almost. Mix Zone Three Color FTW!I popped in here for a quick lunch, only because I saw a sign that said $4.99 lunch special. I figured, why not.I took one star off from this review for two reasons (and these can easily be remedied):1. I was not offered water until several minutes. It's 113 degrees outside. I was jonesin for a glass.2. The lunch special includes the soup of the day, and they ran out by 2pm (lunch ends at 3). I ordered the Panang Curry with Shrimp (a dollar more than the special price).The curry was flavorful, and the portions were appropriate for lunch. The menu is pretty diverse, and you have lots of great options. When I come back, I'll explore.The ambiance is pretty cool. Dark, nicely air-conditioned, and clean. The place seems fairly new. Flat screen TV's and sparkly christmas lights fall from the ceiling.There is a stage, where they seem to have karaoke and other forms of live entertainment. Decent Happy Hour. Half off drinks from 3-7 M-F.One last note...this place is open until 4am. Might be a good spot for late night post-club grub. Just a thought.In summary? Good spot. Possibly great.
3	Egg plant with Tofu at lunch hour = DELICIOUS & CHEAPMango with Sticky Rice = SWEET, SAVORY AND PRICEYServers = NOT VERY GOOD, PERHAPS MORE TRAINING NEEDED OR HAVE SOME PASSION IN THEIR WORK
1	I went to las vegas on a mission to find a good Thai restaurant there. we had dinner here on Monday's night. I ordered water prawn in red curry sauce, the presentation is nice BUT 2 small water prawns for $19.99,SERIOUSLY?????? Come on now, the size of their water praws is a liltle bit bigger than cocktail shrimp from costco! one star for good pad see ew + the server(small Thai woman) who didn't take our order but came back to check on us asking me why I didn't finish my Thai iced tea. She's sweet. Thanks!minus 2 stars for 2 small prawns for $20!!!!!!!!!minus 2 stars for a server who had a nose job working on monday's night who gave me a bit of the attitude when she knew that I am Thai. She took our order and disappeared and never came back to check on us. All the reviews that said bad service, probably got her as a server,I'm sure!Probably,never again
3	Fresh spring rolls are some of the best I have had. Phaid Thai is pretty good. Over all it is the best Thai I have found on this side of the country. They have the condiment tray with all that you would expect, even white sugar. I love the woman in here at night who plays and sings live music. She is fantastic. For my non-thai speaking readers, there is something about hearing pop music hits being performed in a language that is not yours. Love hurts in Thai is amazing.
3	This place is a nice upscale, decently authentic Thai restaurant in Chinatown.  I had the Crab Rangoon, the duck curry, and some Thai Iced tea.   Overall I wasn't overly impressed, but I could see bringing friends or a date to this place.   The Crab Rangoon was very sweet.  The sauce reminded me of pomegranate jelly. Not bad, but definitely not the best.  Way too sweet in my book.  The Thai tea was alright, but it tasted a little cheap or perhaps with artificial sweeteners.The duck curry (red curry) was the best part of the meal.  It was actually quite tasty.  This dish had a surprising mixture of green and red peppers, tiny chopped carrots, peas, fresh pineapple chunks, and raisins.  The red curry itself was satisfactory in taste, and had a watery texture that soaked well into the white rice.  It was served with the perfect level of spice (I asked for medium), and it was not too sweet.  Not a bad dish at all.I didn't have any problems with the service, which I've noticed in a few reviews.  The place was mostly staffed by younger Asians, and they were having a good time while working, so maybe there are nights when the staff get carried away... I dunno.  The atmosphere was very classy though, with jazz music in the background.  I probably won't go back on my own again, but like I said earlier, this would be a nice place to take a date.
4	The panang curry is amazing & their weekday lunch specials are great. The only thing bad about this place is the sllllooooooooowww service. Pick it up, people!!!
4	The wife and I were running errands around town, and our path was going to take us through China Town. We had both been craving Thai food, and because we were without a computer, we had to choose a place the old fashioned way, that is, we looked to see which restaurant had the most cars outside of it. Its hard to tell in China Town because it is just strip mall after strip mall, but there seemed to be many cars in front of Krung Siam and people going inside. When we got in, we were pleasantly surprised. The decor was very modern, and I felt like we were in an upscale Asian restaurant in Chicago or New York. Additionally, from the looks of the lights and the sound set up on the inside, this place gets hopping after dark. We were greeted by a very young looking hostess, and actually all the staff we saw were quite young, which was just not what we are used to in this part of town. On to the food! I got the Pad See Uw with Tofu and the wife got pineapple fried rice. We also both got Thai Iced Tea. The tea was not as sweet as I've had other places, which was very nice. The spices were more prominent, and the flavor was bold, but not overpowering. My dish was amazing. I think its probably the best tofu I've had in a while. It w as fried, but not over fried and the black soy sauce filled the pores of the tofu. It was nice and firm, but not too crunchy. The noodles were also cooked perfectly. I could have eaten them by themselves. The veggies were also cooked well, not too stiff and not soggy. The wife's lunch was also very good. All the veggies and fruit was very fresh, and including raw cashews and unsweetened raisins really completed the meal. It was flavorful but not too sweet and not too salty. The price was very reasonable. Less than at our other Thai haunts. We paid about $22 for the 2 entrees and 2 Thai teas. Not bad at all. If I could give Krung Siam a 3.5 I would, but I will round up to a 4. I am excited to come back to this place.
4	We ordered almost everything from the lunch menu plus the crispy tofu appetizer, and it was all delicious. It was all very cheap and was honestly a nice change from Vegas strip food. I'd highly recommend this place to expensive Vegas strip food any day.
4	My girls and I came here for lunch. Their lunch menu is real cheap $4.99 for a dish and $1 for Thai tea! Score.It did take a little longer than I expected for them to come and take our order, plus I was real hungry so that kind of made it worst.Their spicy rate goes from 1-10 which is a pretty wide gap. Each of us order our own dish 2 of them egg plant spicy #3 and spicy #8, one of them noodles spicy #2 (she can't handle spicy) and another girl and I got the yellow curry spicy #7 and I get spicy #8.We get our food and I try some of my friends noodles (I can take pretty spicy food and the hotness of the food didn't kick in for me for awhile).So, I'm sitting across from the one that order spicy #2 noodles and she's sighing, drinking all her Thai tea and water and kept saying how hot it was. I was thinking she was a real sissy for panting like that over a #2 when I'm over here with a #8 and mine's getting to me, but I'm not sweating or anything. I had to give her my water cause they didn't come around and fill up our waters. I swear she was about to cry so I go and taste her noodles again I'm like that tastes like a #7 and the other two that can take spicy tasted it too and said yeah, that's not #2, it's more like a 7-8. We go and ask the waitress what number she put in and she said #3. Ok... That still wasn't the number she asked for. I swear there was so many chili flakes all over her noodles. Come to find out, I looked at the bill and it said that her noodles were a #8. Wow! Poor girl, no wonder she drank all her Thai tea and her water and my water! Just make sure that they get the number or your hotness for your order right. Other than that, I thought the price was pretty good for the lunch portion and the Thai tea is good.
3	Had dinner here the night before. Wasnt really crowded and it looks as if karaoke was on the agenda for the night.The menu is a bit limited, at least in my opinion, for a thai restaurant. The pricing and limited menu didnt look like it would play well with conventional asian family style communitive dinner.The beef salad was by far the best tasting item we ordered during this meal. It was nicely seasoned and grilled to order so it had that fresh off the grill smokey, concentrated, burnt taste. Krung Siam platter is...quite...insulting to be honest. 13 hard earned dollars for two of everything: Two satays one chicken one beef both lacking the fresh off the grill smokey flavor, seems more like broiled, chicken was overly dry. Sauces were there obviously to cover up this fact.Spring rolls: more like miniature egg rolls with bland tasteless filling. Another excuse to show off the sauces or serve something deep fried, or both.Fried Battered Shrimp: tasteless with more deep fried flavor then shrimp flavor. Might as well deep fry presoaked and reshapened cardboard if you have a deep fry fetish be a lot cheaper tooThai Dumplings: Best thing on the plate but seriously not thai. Not even close unless Dim Sum started in Thailand and the Chinese came, knocked out the Thai, stole their food and the Thai woke up and completely forgot about it.Crab Ragoons: Again i have a problem with this. Crab implies fresh crab, a little guy with two pinchers, a bunch of claws and sweet sweet meat. Krab is a biproduct of liquefied, reshapened, reseasoned and food colored crap (yes crap not krap). Anyway no surprise here it had a heavily deep fried taste, very little texture from the Krab, lots and lots of cream cheese. Here's an idea why not just bread and deep fry cream cheese?Okay enough of that lets move on to the main courses:Panang CurryQuite nice. Ordered mild and everything was nice, flavorful, and mellow until i started fishing pieces off the bottom. Diced up chilis were waiting for me leaving my mouth burning and attempting to chill the flames with the coconut/peanut sauce from the sampler.Beef Fried RiceYeah we can call epic fail on this one. Your basic very very dry not seasoned very well, wth is wrong with this beef it's colorless and tasteless fried rice.The last complaint is the insulting price to food ratio. the sampler was 13.99 with only 7.99 worth of food. Both the rice and the curry were a decent size for one person but not filling.Overall i can only give this place three stars. It's just too much money for too little food. This would be a place to take a date but not a place for serious eating
4	I think this used to be a Malaysian joint. In any case, what a wonderful restaurant! I love their Lunch $1 Thai tea & coffee and of course happy hours!The food is really quite good and cheap! The panang was just perfect, careful with your spicy level. I am normally an 8.5, but don't do an 8 here or you will be crying for more $1 ice drink! I find authentic places do their spicy levels quite well.  I'd opt for a 6 here to enjoy your food.Service was so-so. It was not busy but the servers just don't seem to be around much after the food arrives. Restroom is kinda dirty i think. But who cares...just come here for food!
4	food is decent and great lunch deal bargain.  it's worth it to make the 5 minute drive out of the strip for some cheap thai lunch.
2	I was running late to meet up friends for lunch here at Krung Siam. It was recommended from a friend of a friend. When I step through the door, no one greeted me at all. I scoped the place out looking for my friends. after a few rounds of head turning, I saw my friend waving me down into this separate room.This place looks pretty upscale due to the decor, however, the service is a far cry from being upscale. We constantly had to flag down a waitstaff (Even though the place seemed pretty empty) since they were just standing around doing nothing.When we asked for something, they looked irritated as to not wanting to be bothered or that they weren't our waiter/waitress. It's just BULL!!! If their waitstaff were attentive, we wouldn't have to flag someone down to get some service. So to the food. It was mediocre at best. The yellow and green curry were bleh. It was more like a soup. The pad thai wasn't as flavorful as I had wanted it to be. It was more on the bland side of the spectrum. The only dish that blew my mind was the Jun Pad Poo. The crab meat was fresh and big chunks at that.This was the really bummer here. When you are done eating, you're setting yourself up for a dessert that you expect that a Thai Restaurant should have. SERIOUSLY! NO MANGO WITH STICKY RICE? wait wait . . . NO FRIED BANANA WITH ICE CREAM? WTFH!!! The server's response was " We don't have mango with sticky rice. Oh we don't have fried banana with ice cream either. It's not in season right now so we don't have it." Everyone at our table thought . . . "ARE YOU F-ing SERIOUS?" So we decided to go even further and asked "So what do you have?" The response was, "Oh we have just plain ice cream and roti". To our disappointment, we just asked for the check so we can leave. Overall, since they had a cheap lunch special. It was a cheap bargain. I'll be a little on the positive side and give them a 2 star. 1 got the nice decor of the place. 2 for the cheap lunch deal.My advice is to test this place out during the lunch hour so you don't get charged more for something that you would've gotten for less. Who is to say, right? They might have something super good that will blow your mind, but so far for me, nothing stood out for me.
4	Yep, I'm a fan!  I've been here twice; once was very late night and I was so happy to find that they're open till something like 6am!  The second time I came to try their fabulously priced lunch deals at $4.99.  Both times I really enjoyed the food.  On visit one, we ordered pork larb, yellow chicken curry and red beef curry.  The larb was outstanding, and the curries were tasty and spiced just to the level we had asked for.  Service was a little spotty, meaning it was hard to get a server's attention, but not so bad as to be off-putting.  There was live entertainment with a woman singing love songs, and the restaurant had a cute ambiance with dark red walls and fairy lights on the ceiling.  Although it wasn't packed, the restaurant was almost full and it was obvious they do good business.On visit two, we came around 1pm for lunch.  They have $1 thai iced teas and coffees as part of the deal, which is so cool!   The lunch menu is pretty extensive with about 10 different dishes, and your choice of meats or tofu.  They all come with a small soup and rice too.  I had the pork panang and it was delicious and a generous portion!  I think this is one of the best lunch deals that I've found yet in Las Vegas!
4	Didn't go here for the food. But to get away from drama from another Resturant. Place was pretty kewl. Just drank two bottles of sojo in the late early morning with my girl friends. Before we all headed home! More crazy karaoke happens at this spot too!!!
4	We had just drove in to Las Vegas and I was craving Thai beef noodle soup. Krung Siam is located at the corner of Valley View and Spring Mountain. From what I was told when they moved the ownership changed but many employees moved over although I didn't recognize any. My beef noodle soup arrived and the beef was very tender and plentiful, the broth was tasty and I was quite satisfied when I finished. Service was on the spot and the restaurant is clean. There's  live music in the evening and they stay open until 6:00 am.
4	Really good Thai food.  When we were there for lunch, it was really empty but it was all very good food and definitely would want to go back again.
4	For Me it's all about the "Roast Duck Curry" It is awesome. I love that this place is open way late. Its nice to come here after a late night partying lol.
5	Several friends and I were here a few months ago but didn't get a chance to write a review.  Service that night was exceptional even though there were 12 of us. The Chicken Pad Thai had to be the best ever!  We shared a few dishes and everyone agreed that this was one  of the best Pad Thai we've had.The Tom Yum  soup was intensely flavored, loaded with chicken, veggies and dumplings.  No complaints here.The Pork Larb was also outstanding but since I was the only one that had ever had this dish before I preferred that it had more cilantro and mint.  The others thought it was great.I loved the shrimp curry although my friends who don't like curry  didn't agree.  A matter of preference.   Three of us are going back in a couple of days and I will write another review then.
4	Excellent basil chicken dish and chicken panang.  I ordered spicy #2 and it was still spicy but good. We eat Thai from LA to SAN DIEGO to NY to San fran. Love this place and their hours!!!
4	$4.99 lunch specials M-F? $1 Thai Iced Teas? YES, PLEASEEEE! Sure it's a short drive away from the strip, but with a price like that, how can you deny the perfect hangover food of noodles, rice, and spice? Not to mention, the decor of this restaurant is pretty modern, spacious, and they had a really good CD on that was playing good covers of Michael Jackson songs! The lunch special I ordered was Drunken Noodles with chicken and came with the soup of the day which was kind of like a thick sweet and sour soup. I had a few slurps of it and wasn't a fan :[ As for the Drunken Noodles, Krung Siam has you choose on a scale from 1 to 10 how spicy you want your noodles. Why did I say 9? I HAVE NO IDEA! I'm a fan of spicy foods, but maybe I should have gotten a 7! Once my noodles came out, you could smell the load of chili peppers that were mixed into the dish. Before I even had a bite, I knew how spicy my meal was gonna be...and how I would regret it soon after we had left the restaurant and came back to the hotel :[ Poor tummy. Poor toilet :[ Nonetheless, it was still perfectly edible, but I wish I had gone for something more on a medium spice level to actually enjoy it. If you can take on the spice, try getting it at a 10! And with unbeatable lunch special prices at $5, sure, I'd come back!
4	Looking for some good authentic Thai food in Las Vegas? Go no further than a couple blocks away from the strip down Spring Mountain Rd and you'll find Krung Siam Thai. Nice place to eat, friend service, and your water cup stays full, perfect for when you're hungover from a night of partying too hard. This isn't watered down Thai food, so when it says spicy, it's going to be pretty spicy. Great food, great service, great decor, and a great 4 star Thai restaurant.
2	Well our experience was really all over the place and, honestly, I almost rated it two stars (**After writing the rest I came back and clicked the two star button, but I was originally going to give it a sympathy 3**).  Let's start by saying it was around 11:30 pm and the atmosphere was pretty cool.  It's a nice dining room with a nice feel (and open late!).  It was a Monday night (we had gone in search of Fuku, forgetting it was closed on Mondays), and Karaoke was happening.  So everything started out positively.  Our server was nice enough, but it was very inattentive service.  After a while, we ordered 3 dishes: Tom Yum Goon, Chicken Satay, and Rad Nar with chicken.We ordered the Tom Yum "Medium" when he asked us how spicy.  We actually like spicy food, but weren't in the mood to really test our limits.  The "medium" was the spiciest Tom Yum we'd ever had (fine for me though it definitely had my nose running and gulping on my water), but my girlfriend couldn't hang and was disappointed.  Medium should have a good strong kick, and we wouldn't have minded if it was just Hot labeled medium, but this was REALLY hot.  Plus, the water was not getting refilled.  Our waiter disappeared completely during this time; eventually we were done with the soup and completely dry keeping our eyes peeled for him.  He must have been on break, because he eventually showed up with our Chicken Sate, room temperature.  Again, not completely a deal breaker-- It actually tasted pretty good and we are pretty used to Thai delivery/takeout where that's fairly par for the course.  However, one of the best things about actually going out for Thai food is that the Chicken Sate can be served absolutely piping hot.  In this case it was double fail, because not only was it room temperature, we suffered from not getting our water refilled that entire time.  Which brings me to the Rad Nar (flat noodles in gravy).  Again, I don't want to sound like a complainer, but when we order a noodle dish we want noodles.  It was strange, there was a very generous helping of the expensive ingredients beef and Chinese broccoli which I appreciate (for those of you paying attention to what we ordered and what we got, congratulations--again we like beef just fine, but come on, we ordered chicken, and when I mentioned we ordered chicken, the server just smiled and shrugged until my girlfriend said it was OK, we'd take the beef), but it was very skimpy on the noodles.  It made it a hard dish to share as we got like 3 flat noodles each.So the meal itself was completely botched; that said, it was still pretty decent for late night Thai.  We won't be back if we find someplace better that's open at the hour, but the food itself was pretty decent/good-- even after getting everything completely wrong.  Oh and the epilogue; when we got the check the Tom Yum was marked 4-Star heat.  So that explained that.  I don't know how medium translated to that, but oh well.
5	admittedly, i am a hell of a tough critic when it comes to thai food.  the same can be said about a few different cuisines, but with thai food specifically, i critique not just on taste, but on their ability to listen to my needs.  i am allergic to coconut, AND i can only handle a moderate amount of spicy stuff (unless i'm just in a spicy food kind of mood).  when visiting a thai restaurant, if the server does not appear to be listening to my two requirements, i am instantly leery and play it safe with pad thai or something common like that.with all that said, OMFG, this place was SO goooooood!  i had been working reeeeally hard on sunday night and after a hellacious day and night of work, i happened upon this place with a friend and a coworker.  i say happened upon it because i am not from Las Vegas, and was only in town for work from LA.  my coworker is a total food.  my friend is a persnickety eater.  we were all overjoyed and satisfied with our food.my coworker (the fellow foodie) had a spicy shrimp thing, which i believe was a sort of curry, but my hunger prevented me from paying closer attention to his order.  my friend (the picky eater) had a chicken in yellow curry.  i had the dish that was accurately named Seafood Delight.  delighted indeed i was!  first of all, i asked the waiter to have it made only slightly spicy.  they couldn't have possibly gotten the spice level more perfect!  it was amazing.  the aforementioned delights included:  shrimp, fishballs, scallops, mussels, and a myriad of appropriately matched veggies.  it was fantastic.  for a second i wondered if my hunger and tiredness contributed to how positively i received this meal, but no, this place stood as an excellent thai spot regardless of my pitiful state.  it bums me out that such an awesome thai place isn't actually found in LA.  i mean, some of the spots in thai town in hollywood are great, but this place is head and shoulders above it.  i'm not sure when i'll be back in Vegas, but whenever that is, i certainly hope to return here.  my foodie coworker concurred with this sentiment.  emphatically, five stars!
4	spicy = good... Krung siam is spicy so by definition Krung Siam=good. But not in the man it hurts so good but I can't taste anything. Upper scale price for this cheapskate but worth the flavor. And there isnt anything wrong with $1 thai ice tea at happy hour.
5	It's the best in Vegas try the Dunken Noodles
3	This place earns 3 stars simply for it's Lunch Specials. How can you argue with $1 Thai Iced Tea?? You won't be able to find that deal anywhere else. The lunch menu itself has about 10 items on it and the dishes start at $5.99 which includes steamed rice and soup. It's a little more expensive if you upgrade the protein to shrimp or mixed seafood. The soup that accompanishes the meal is a tangy tomato soup. I can't complain much since it was included, but it wasn't my favorite. It just had the consistency and color of sweet and sour sauce and it was just a little odd. Overall this is a good place to get your Thai fix without busting your wallet. However since I live in Henderson, I might not make the long drive to visit this place again.
4	Had lunch there with my sister and totally injoyed it.  Beer was ice cold.  Food was high quality, nice portions, (my sister and I shared the beef salad while we were deciding what else to order and the portion was so generous, that's all we had.)  The Singha Beer was excellent, served in frozen glasses that made the beer even better.  The music was excellent and it was cozy and the booths gave us privacy.  I'd definetly recomment this place for a lunch experience.
4	Love it, small, authentic.  Good stuff.  It gets spicy fast, watch out!
1	Came here with the boyfriend for lunch. Ordered the pad thai which was delish and the basil fried rice. Might have gotten the basil fried rice a little too spicy at around a 5 so I guess this place is really serious when it comes to spicyness!! Both the dishes were superb!HOWEVER, the service was horrible to non-existent.  I am use to getting low service since I look young but mind you, I am 21 years old and my boyfriend is 22 so I really don't understand why we were ignored! Water was never refilled and since I ordered the spicy fried rice, I had to flag down the waiter three times to get my water refilled! The table only had one place setting when we sat down so we flagged down a waiter for a setting but instead just got a fork!!!! All the waiters seemed to go around the other tables to make sure they were doing fine but skipped ours. This was by far the worst service I have ever had. Maybe it was just a mistake/accident but I will definitely find another thai place that will serve the same quality food with better service.
4	Based on the meal I just had, I would rate this five stars.  It was fantastic Green Curry and excellent service.  Add a surprise discount (10%) and the fact that it's open until 6 in the morning (which is great for me personally)However, I have eaten here once before and got the pad thai.  That was pretty good, but definitely not great.  I'm surely going to be checking out this restaurant again in the near future.  They also are getting Chang beer on draft, and have a pretty cool special with a big tube of Chang for 15$ (It holds 6 beers and has a tap...perfect for groups of friends).
4	After reading several bad reviews on Yelp, I decided to give this place a chance anyways and I was pleasantly surprised. Still overpriced and not so excellent service, but server was not rude and food tasted great.
5	This is my favorite Thai place in town. The decor is awesome and the food is even better!!! I've referred many coworkers there just for the take out food and now it has become a staple for many of us!Summer rolls with peanut sauce is delicious, I get them every time. Coconut soup was just ok, but maybe not my thing.Basil fried rice.. it has fried basil on top.. out of this world!And the Pad thai is excellent!!!This was also a perfect place to bring my vegetarian friend! We ordered tofu Pad Thai, just as excellent... you can get tofu in any dish instead of meat,and spicy stir fry garlic eggplant was FABULOUS!
3	I thought that the beef panang was a little weak. The soup needed more tamarin. Still the lunch special was ok
5	My family and I went to this place on a Tuesday. We felt the decor was nice. The menu selection for lunch was not extensive but it was broad enough for our needs. The staff were friendly and attentive. They asked me how spicy I wanted the Red Curry shrimp on a scale of 1 to 10. I told them 6 or 7. And they got it perfect. That was incredible. All drinks were refilled in time: service was good.Unless you're in a mood to have huge buffets at the Casinos, this would be a good place to have lunch.
3	This place would be a 4-star if the prices aren't so steep. Let's face it... the only justification for Thai food having such prices is that it's pretty close to the strip; otherwise, it's better to go to other Thai restaurants throughout Vegas that are more reasonable. Despite the prices, the food is certainly 4 stars! We ordered several dishes and shared "family-style" and were able to try a little bit of everything. Bowl of seafood soup, fried rice, chicken, the popular basil dish, green curry, and pad thai...  I love that you can specify the level of spice for your meal ... levels one through ten. I finally went back a 2nd... and 3rd time and had a chance to order my dish 10/10 level the 2nd time and 15/10 level ;) the 3rd time. They did a fantastic job with the level of spice, and when I didn't like my first order *(for the first time in my life I found a dish I do not care for... it's the Thai beef noodle soup... the flavor was not enjoyable for me)*... the waiter was kind enough to replace my order with the Drunken Noodles, one of my all time favorite Thai dishes, which was EXCELLENT. I will definitely be going back... just not too frequently because it'll probably burn a hole in my wallet ;).
3	This place just doesn't it for me.As a restaurant, it just is a mess to me.One of my best friend's dad is actually a chef here, so definitely no favoritism.. Sorry Alex!My main reason for the mediocre rating is #1 The prices and #2 I just don't like the place.I think having a stage is so cheesy for a Thai restaurant. Thai's know how to get down on karaoke and I'm sure everyone's family has a machine at home, but unfortunately the talent they choose at this restaurant for the entertainment is definitely just like at home.The Thai videos playing are also just cheesy.And please turn some lights on at night, most the diners are drunk and can't see.I've been here a couple times. The first time was when my friend was visiting from out of state (he's the chef's son). We got a bit of a discount, and even a free entree, but the price was up there for Thai food. It is a nice establishment as far as the decor, and that it isn't a little hole in the wall, but add the mediocre service to the equation and it just doesn't do it for me. Maybe that's the voice of my Thai mom who left it instilled in my head that her food will always be better than any restaurant and cheaper. Krung Siam doesn't prove my mom wrong.I've had their grilled beef salad, their version of combination pho, and pad se ew, and the yellow chicken curry.Pho was definitely mediocre, beef salad was really good quality, the side of sticky rice was microwaved too much, pad se ew was good, and the yellow chicken curry had a lot of filler.Their Thai tea sucks too.Overall i'm just not convinced there's anything special about this place in any category. The food is decent, the prices are understandable, the service is medicore.I'd only go back for a late night craving as most Thai places are closed late at night.
3	I have been here 3 times for lunch special.  The lunch special consists of a menu of different curry and entree that one can chose.  Next is the protein to go into that respective entree (such as chicken, pork, beef, tofu, shrimp, etc).  It also comes with a small bowl of soup.1st time - tofu panang.  It was alright, not memorable at all.2nd time - beef panag.  The beef was quite tasteless when taken out of the curry.  It's as if though they just quickly dump the beef into the bowl and added curry over it.  Not very good.3td time - chicken panang.  Yay, this tasted decent.  The thin slices of chicken worked really well in this panang curry.All three times, I got thai iced tea, which was only $1...what a steal.So my lunch bill totaled up to $7.55 (entree + thai tea +tax), without tip.Not a bad place for lunch.  The service has been fine for me all three times.
3	3.5 STARSI came here with low expectations, not knowing what to expect, but was pretty impressed. The atmosphere was cozy and intimate. The three of us sat down and got right down to the point. Basil chicken, tom yum soup, crab fried rice, crab ragoon, and chicken pad thai. Everything was more than decent. I've had my fair share of dining alongside Spring Mountain Road, and everything thus far has failed miserably except this place. The prices, however, does not match its quality. Too much of an ego boost, I would say.
4	Their pad  see ew is probably the best in las vegas. I know I know, its not that hard to make pad see ew if you own a thai restaurant. But they do have the best pad see ew in Las Vegas.I cant complain about their service except that they have to check on customers once in a while especially on a slow night. I love the karaoke movie they put on the tv because I get to hear some thai music that absolutely great on my ear and did I tell you they got the best pad see ew in town. Oh yes, I did. Me and my fiancee absolutely love it. Their duck curry is too sweet and overpriced as well as to little to remember. But I love how they open very late and that knowing if I ever needed a late night pad see ew fix, I know exactly where to go.
3	3.8If I ever want Thai in Vegas, this would be the place I'd go. They are open until 6am!! Food is pretty good. I really like the curry. The salads are a bit salty. I'd recommend asking for the dressing on the side. Service sometimes can be slow even when it's not so busy, but it wasn't a big deal. I'm not sure if it's every night, but they would have entertainment. Someone will be serenading us while we dine. That's usually a treat,. Enjoy.
5	Friendly greetings.  Ok atmosphere.  Good singer - not sure what language maybe Thai, but nice vocal and music. Great food. I'm quite picky and have tried a lot of Thai restaurants.  This one stands out as one of my favorite.  The beef noodle soup has a great soup base - hot, spicy & little sour- great for winter time.  Spicy mint leave stir fried with ground pork is much better cooked compare to most LA Thai restaurant.Great service.  We got there 15min before 15% discount & buy1-get1 free Singha beer promotion which starts 10pm, but the  server instead of having us wait outside, figured out a way and took care of us....nice!Well definitely be back and next time with more friends to share the good stuff.
5	I eat here often. The food is always amazing, I love the crispy shrimp and ALL the soups. Service is probably the best in town. The food is always constantly fresh and perfectly seasoned!
3	This place is a nice upscale, decently authentic Thai restaurant in Chinatown.  I had the Crab Rangoon, the duck curry, and some Thai Iced tea.   Overall I wasn't overly impressed, but I could see bringing friends or a date to this place.  The Crab Rangoon was very sweet.  The sauce reminded me of pomegranate jelly. Not bad, but definitely not the best.  Way too sweet in my book.  The Thai tea was alright, but it tasted a little cheap or perhaps with artificial sweeteners.The duck curry (red curry) was the best part of the meal.  It was actually quite tasty.  This dish had a surprising mixture of green and red peppers, tiny chopped carrots, peas, fresh pineapple chunks, and raisins.  The red curry itself was satisfactory in taste, and had a watery texture that soaked well into the white rice.  It was served with the perfect level of spice (I asked for medium), and it was not too sweet.  Not a bad dish at all.I didn't have any problems with the service, which I've noticed in a few reviews.  The place was mostly staffed by younger Asians, and they were having a good time while working, so maybe there are nights when the staff get carried away... I dunno.  The atmosphere was very classy though, with jazz music in the background.  I probably won't go back on my own again, but like I said earlier, this would be a nice place to take a date.
4	My coworker introduced me to this nice little place while we broke out for lunch one day. they have great lunch specials for $5.99 (sadly my favorite pad see ew is not included) and $1.00 thai iced teas and coffees. I have had the veggie pad thai and the veggie drunken noodles so far. both have been good and great portion sizes to fill me up for the rest of my work day. I get the mixed veggies and tofu, but I do hear their meat is good. they give you a small bowl of the soup of the day as an appetizer.The service has always been good and we have been their at busy lunch times. They have been on point and always eager to fill our glasses and check on us.we have decided to make this a weekly lunch trip and it is something I plan on looking forward too on those dragging work days! great pick me up with some good food.
4	Service here is so good.  Restaurant is clean, modern, and has comfortable lighting.Food we tried, Duck curry, really good.Seafood delight was good but not my fav. too many octopus legs for my taste.  The Papaya salad here is delicious.   spicy coconut soup was the best.  Yellow Curry here is pretty thick and had an msg after taste. But it was still good.  Id definately come back.
4	This place is good. I haven't actually been to the restaurant, but had the food delivered to our hotel. Me and my friends had just got done clubbing at XS and it was around 1am (my friend was really drunk lol) so I told them about Krung Siam because I had them deliver food before and it was good. We ordered food and by the time we got back to our hotel, we only had to wait a few mins and the guy was there with the food. The food is good and they deliver so yeah i was happy lol.
3	I had dinner here with 2 of my friends and we thought the food was ok, a little pricey for what we got.
5	I love going here with my coworkers for lunch.  Parking can be tough.  The atmosphere is pretty nice.  Better than mom & pop style, but not quite the high end decor of Vegas strip.  Servers were friendly, but slow.  Food is always fabulous!  I lover their yellow curry.  They will make it as hot as you want.  Many different lunch specials at only $6.99, what a bargain.  In addition, their Thai tea is only $1 during lunch.
1	I had a very bad experience here while visiting Las Vegas with my family for the holiday. When we arrive, we waited for about 15 minutes to be seated which is fine. First, they tried to sit us at a table. When we're standing near the table getting ready to sit, another waiter came over and told the hostess not to sit us there so we had to go back and wait again. 5 minutes later we finally sit down. When getting our drinks, the waiter asks if we are "local". We found this odd because usually people as if we're visiting or not. What does it mattter if we're local? We tell the waiter we're visiting for the holiday. After getting our drinks, we're told to move again because someone just put in a reservation for 12 and they needed room.While ordering, we specifically tell the waiter to bring out the appetizers first before the entrees. The table we had was small so we didn't want the clutter. My mother's Rad Nah dish comes out first anyways. We tell them to take it back and bring out the dish when we all get our entrees. The appetizers were papaya salad and thai beef salad. They taste ok but I've had alot better. When the entrees come out, we find that all the meat is not cook thoroughly in most our dishes. In my brother's pad thai, the imitation crab meat was not even cooked. It looked they threw the meat in straight from the package. After asking for the dish to be recooked, the pad thai comes back super sweet like someone dumped some high fructose corn syrup on the dish. The dish in inedible. My mother's dish also has meat that is under cooked. She just eat the noodles trying not to cause a fuss. My dish was ok. Crispy pork that was a little salty but at least edible.Maybe if we told the waiter we were local, we would have been treated better. Since we're visiting and might not come back for a while, the restaurant acted like they didn't care about us.In the end, we just went to In-N-Out Burger. They never disappoint like this mess of a Thai restaurant did.
4	Nice restaurant and bar, Thai is their specialty. Service was fast and friendly. Booth seating available. Well stocked bar, surprisingly good wine selection in all price ranges.I had the lunch special. Yellow curry chicken. Flavors were great. I enjoyed my meal. Again my experience was for lunch. So for a tasty lunch, good price, and quick they came thru.
3	Pricey, but clean. Nice open space inside. Plenty of parking outside. Great big sign on the building, so you can't miss it. Lots of non-Asians go here to eat. I only liked these two dishes - Basil pork with white rice and the drunken noodles (mild). The rad na and pad thai were a bit bland for me. For the price, the portion sizes were a bit too small for me. I like a hearty meal, so this place was better for snacking than dining. It might have been better if they gave us the lunch special, but they don't offer that during holiday seasons.
3	I was driving around in Chinatown looking for something to eat. Then the Krung Siam Thai catering truck caught my eye. If they do catering, they have to be good right? Yet again confirming my thoughts are the Yelp and Urbanspoon stickers on the door. Lunch special from 11a-3p? Yes please!Beef drunken noodle + thai ice tea = $7.56. Yes thank you!The thai ice tea is super sweet so I love it. The drunken noodle was a bit on the oily side but still pretty tasty. The portion seemed a little on the small side but I guess that means I can eat again in another hour. This place is A-ok.
4	Lunch for $6, hard to beat.
3	I had Pad See Ew, it was good but I had frequent chewy bits of beef. Thai Tea doesn't come with free refills. Bathroom is creepy to find (took like 2 hallways to find)I might come back for the bar and live entertainment.
3	I've been here two times for lunch and both times the service was snail slow...but pleasantly surprised by the speed dishes came out for the dinner service.  The ambiance is nice inside and there was live music towards the end of dinner (on Friday).  Review of the dishes:1. Beef salad: refreshing starter with tender beef slices2. Papaya salad: will light your mouth on fire...so be careful when selecting the spice level3. Yellow curry: a little too sweet for my taste...too much coconut milk and not enough spices4. Garlic shrimp: while good with a crispy shell that you can eat, it lacks the flavor and crunch factor of the version at Lotus of Siam5. Basil Fried Rice and Pad Thai: hard to make these dishes exceptional...since they are typical Thai fare....6. Pork Larb (ground pork): extremely salty, lacking any other distinct flavor7. Spicy Wings: tastes like sweet and sour to me.....Overall, decent Thai place, but nothing exceptional....my preference would be for Lotus of Siam or Archi's before this place.
3	Went here with a couple friends around 9:30ish, atmosphere was very dark. It was empty with around 2 tables but yeah no one to greet us to a table, so we sat ourselves-how rude haha..ordered papaya salad, beef salad, green chicken curry and those were all very delicious and spicy as well..we had the spice at 7 so yeah next time we should get a 5 instead.  With all our faces dripping wet from sweat lol we tried to wave someone down for extra napkins but what do you know, no one to be found.. Well for an empty place you would think they'd at least check up on you but no...so overall food was good but service sucked, blahhhhh!!!
3	Fried rice here tasted like steam rice while the beef taste so old. However, the panang curry and Tom yum soup got them 3 stars overall rating.
5	Lunch menu is unbeatable. Love this Place.
4	I guess we were just lucky to come on a good day because my party and I received great service when we went. The food also tasted great. Their yellow curry, the taste, I can still recall to this day. Their Thai iced tea may not have tasted as good as other places but I didn't mind. Our drinks were refilled on a timely manner and our server was very attentive. We didn't need to call out to him because he checked up on us without fail. So I don't know what made our visit different from those who had a bad experience, but I'm glad we gave Krung Siam a chance.
5	Great house fried rice - Open 24 hours, perfect for late night - Great lunch specials at $4.99 - YES the restaurant is set up for all of the below listed ambiance - Just a mile west of the Strip at Valley View
3	Suggestion: Dim the lighting a bit and offer larger beer selection. The lady singing is very soothing.
5	If you go for lunch like we did you're getting a real bargain near the strip. A lot of really good food for just $5.99. And, on top of that, you get a thai ice tea or ice coffee for just a buck (at least $3 every else we saw). I had the drunken noodles at a heat level of five (they ask you what heat level you want your food from 1-10) and it was perfect. Lots of veggies and a generous portion of chicken. If I have one complaint about this place it is that their bathroom is quite messy especially since we were there relatively early in  the day.Suggestion on how to get there if you're staying on the strip: Take the free shuttle from Harrahs or Ballys to Rio then walk about a quarter of a mile up valley view rd. to Krung. Believe me, it's worth the walk.
4	Wanted some late night Thai and this place was a surprise with flavor. BF and I got  Basil Scallops - for $12, they are generous with the scallops and the flavor of the basil was great on this with fresh, properly cooked scallops. Loved this. Tofu Pad See You (their spelling, which is cute) - this was good as far as noodles go. Slightly sweeter than usual places and more heavy on the egg. I didn't mind it only because no matter what I always put a little bit of chili vinegar on mine to be tangy sweet but it may be a bit saccharine for some. No karaoke that night being done, but had music playing that sounded almost like a recording of karaoke which was funny and odd. It left a good enough impression that the BF wanted to get scallops there again so we went back a week later. This time we got scallops with ginger which was good, but bit too gingery for the BF and he preferred the basil style instead. We also got tofu garlic pepper which was in a garlicky gravy like sauce. The garnish was generous with lettuce which I thought was kinda odd, but somehow worked well into being part of the dish when it was slightly wilted. This time there was a guy with a guitar singing which was alright since the level wasn't too loud in there. It seems a lot of the complaints is because of the provided entertainment. I don't get it, I don't prefer it, but if I have to I won't mind so long as I can still have a conversation and be able to tune it out to background noise. Service was alright both times...you may have to flag people down here if you need something but nothing too terrible of a wait for things. Overall, I like the food I've had here so I'll definitely come back. Maybe not for day, but late night choices are very important for night owls like us.
4	The Drunken Noodles here are so delicious!   I tried them after Angela H suggested this dish. This is the first time I've had them so I have nothing to compare them to but this tastes better than Pad Thai. I had this with a side of white rice and it was a satisfying meal. It was spicy enough where I didn't have to add anything to it. I typically don't like thick noodles but these were flat but big. Yummy!
1	The only good that came from eating here was that the bill was comped.Went for dinner 22 April. Everything was fine up until the part where people actually eat, which is a major issue being a restaurant. Two distinctly different dishes were ordered; yellow curry with tofu and Seafood Delight. Hers came out in a reasonable amount of time. I told her to not wait for me and eat, believing my order would be coming out shortly.Meanwhile, a table of two came in, and was seated at a table that was in my line of sight. They got their drinks, ordered and started to eatEvery so often, staff would peek around to see me, sitting there not eating. Eventually, one of the waitresses comes over."Is everything okay?Everything except I haven't received my order."Minutes later..."Is everything okay?Is there something wrong in the kitchen? I'm still waiting for my food."Her response was that the order slipped through the cracks because of a larger party's (20+) order, which doesn't sound right. The party she was talking about was already seated and eating when we walked in, and the table that was seated in my line of sight came in after us and was already eating. Additionally, our order was taken on one ticket, not two (2) separate orders, so both orders should have been started at the same timeMy plate finally shows up, but I'm so upset that I don't eat. For five minutes, I debate whether or not to ask for the manager. And again, every so often the staff would peek around to see me, sitting there and not eating. Was finally persuaded to just eat so we can leave.We had finished our meals. The male waiter shows up, and asks how things are going. She had asked for a to go container, which was brought promptly. She filled the container with her leftovers, and the dishes were taken away.We sat around for another 15 minutes. No one bothered to ask if we were ready for our check. That table of two? Already out the door. While we were waiting, we had a talk about her talking with management, because I knew she would be calmer than I would be. We go to the front and had to ask the hostess we would like to pay, but we never received a bill."What table was yours?The table that had to wait over fifteen minutes for my dinner."At that point, I pulled $25 out of my pocket, and handed it to her while taking her take out container. Was so livid that I told the hostess that she had something to say to management and I had to leaveShe finally came out, and I got the lowdown.- A lot of apologies were given, but no real action to correct the situation (Which I take as, no one cares enough to follow up)- Of the three wait staff (2 F, 1 M) who came to our table, not once did the male member mention he was the manager- Lots of finger pointing going around: waitress(es) believed since the manager came over, he would take care of us; manager believed waitress(es) was still serving us.
4	This place is pretty bomb. While I'm no Thai expert, The Roast Duck Curry was dope. And the Asian lady singing the classics is the best part of the experience.
4	This gem is located in China Town; On the corner of Spring Mountain & Valley View.  There is a Starbucks in the same plaza.Great lunch special! A co-worker took me here last week for lunch.I ordered:- Thai Iced Tea: first time having this.  It's very sweet but has an interesting flavor that I couldn't put my finger on.  I would definitely order this again.- Chicken Pad Thai: OMG!  Probably within my top 2 favorite Pad Thai's ever!  Not spicy at all, but great flavor, yummy chicken and I think fried tofu?  Delicious!The lunch special says its served with soup, egg roll, fried wonton and salad.  We only got the soup.  The soup had some veggies and tofu in it.  Good flavor.I'm kinda glad it didn't come with the rest, because I was stuffed after the plate of Pad Thai.  The plate is a generous portion, especially for lunch, but I finished it off like a champ, because it was that good.The restaurant is very clean inside and everyone was very nice.I can't wait to take my husband here!
2	Krung Siam used to be my go to place for Thai food: however, the last three times I have been to this place has been nothing but disappointing!  What happened, I'm not sure but it feels like they change chef or something.   I went there for lunch on MDW ordered Pat Se-ew, my favorite dish and they informed us there is no chow- phun noodles.  WTH, really its 11:45am and you ran out of the noodles for your most popular dish?  So then I proceed to order a beef salad, and it was the saltiest dish they could have made!. Everything was drench in salt, even my tomatoes were salty!  My friend ordered pineapple fried rice and it was wet and clumpy.   My  boyfriend ordered  a bowl of tomyum soup, and that was the only dish that tasted great. Maybe they have a different chef that works during lunch hour and one at night.  When I came to Krung Siam in the past, it had always been at night, where the food tasted out of this world and the live music created such a nice ambiance.
3	it's was so-so for me. the food was good, but not great. The chicken pad thai was too sweet and could have used a little bit more fish sauce. panang red curry was also too sweet for my taste. I asked for 8/10 on the spicy scale. But the sauce was a solid 5. Not until I ate a piece of red chili pepper then it really turn to a true 8. May visit again to try some other dishes.
3	The food was ok. It did not WOW me.. This place is nothing special, i have read reviews about how great this place is.. was a bit disappointed. Still a great place to go after going out and you just want to chill and talk, but not to crazy about it.. Would only go back if my freinds beg me to go.
4	Lunch is good .price is good
3	Food is ok. Ordered Rad Nor and it seemed like the cook didn't put much effort in not burning the noodles. I thought I was eating fire. The Tom Kha was the only thing that tasted good. Service was quick and friendly. It could of been 4 stars if my noodles weren't burnt with a fire taste.
4	Really accommodating.  They seating our large group of about 16 with ease.  They took 5 minutes to pull some tables together and quickly served us.  Lunch menu is a great deal.  $8.99 with soup and rice. The food was great dispite some of the reviews I read on Yelp.  No one in our party complained about their food.  I ordered their chicken pad thai, the portion size was very generous and I requested spicy, and the spice kicked my butt!  I really liked the restaurant setting and decor, everything is very classy.
4	Why say Thai twice? Who knows, maybe because you have to look twice to believe there is actually a decent Thai restaurant hiding amongst the tiny village of Las Vegas. Good food! No complaints - nor any great superlatives. Reasonable prices for VEGAS. Nice people running the place.
4	Tom kha gai soup was really good. Pad Thai was pretty good, chicken basil stuff was tasty and cooked well too.The restaurant itself is very open, spacious, and clean. The restrooms could be a lot better, but there aren't any puddles on the ground so it's good enough for functionality. Atmosphere of the main dining area is nice, lots of pretty deep reds. There's also a stage to the front of the restaurant where they have live music on certain nights. Overall, pretty satisfied.
4	My bf and I always come to Krung Siam every time we are in vegas. It's one of the better thai restaurants in Vegas and way better then the one across the street (Kung Fu Thai). They have lunch specials on the weekdays which is about $5.95 for certain entrees and thai tea and thai ice coffee for $1! Can't go wrong for a lunch meal less than $10 including a drink!
3	It was close to the strip, and had a big sign so we all decided to eat Thai food, place looks pretty modern, they have like posters of movie stars on the wall. Service was nice, food was decent, portion was ok, spicy rating from 1 - 10, I went with 7 on my Basil Fried Rice, it was pretty spicy and good, but very few chicken cooked in my rice though, not much Thai dishes to choose from with what I am used to.
1	We stopped by one night for dinner because it looked nice. We got the booth by the door. Everything was great until the food came out. The food itself was fine, nothing to write home about but what happened during our meal is unforgivable. Cockroaches came out every few minutes. They'd come out, we'd try to kill them with a napkin and miss. They'd go back and come back out after a few minutes. We had to squeeze into one side of the booth to keep an eye out for them. We told the waitress, who saw one still browsing around and she got the manager, who then tried to kill it using a napkin and a cell phone flash light. He missed and walked away without saying anything. No apology or anything! I was so disgusted that I didn't finish eating. We left and won't be going back.
2	It was fine. The food was OK but I've certainly had better and fresher Thai food elsewhere. I would not go back.
4	Good Thai restaurant serves typical Thai food. Can't say much more...
5	This was a nice little spot for lunch. The decor is actually cute and the restaurant is very spacious on the inside -- much different than most of the very compact restaurants on Spring Mountain. Our server was a bit rigid at first, but with time became a lot more relaxed and very friendly and attentive. The lunch deal was great.. $5.99 for soup of the day which was delicious Tom Kha on that particular day and one of many entree options. I of course opted for Drunken Noodles with chicken. They were great! The chicken was cooked perfectly and not too dry which is my main contention with most Thai places when it comes to their chicken dishes. I opted for heat level 6 on a scale 1-10. It had the perfect amount of heat..and I like spicy. So be cautious..if you don't do spicy regularly go for a 4-5 tops. Otherwise, 6-7 are ideal. This was a perfect lunch and you really can't beat the price for the quality and quantity of food.
4	I love Thai Food and always try and seek it out when I come to a bigger city. I don't agree with some of the other reviewers that the service was bad. The wait staff was very friendly and helpful.Food had huge portions and was delicious. I'm jealous that I didn't get the yellow curry like my husband did.
2	Just finished a take out order from KST as I'm still on my Dan P mission of Thai restaurant reviews.  I had reviewed the menu online and was pleasantly surprised to see a number of Salmon dishes available as lunch specials.  Salmon Basil, Salmon with Garlic, Three Taste Salmon.   My head was spinning with daydreams of trying each and every one and incorporating KST into my list of go-to restaurants for relatively healthy lunch options.   Plus they have brown rice! It was love at first menu review.Call in the order. "We don't have salmon anymore"   Okay Chicken Basil it is, spiced 7/10.   Ho hum.  But still, brown rice! :DWhen I walked in, I was surprised to see a large, extremely busy restaurant.  I don't know what I was expecting or why I was expecting it, but it wasn't that.  I actually waited for a couple in front of me to be seated and informed the waiter I had a take out order.  He was extremely efficient and friendly and got me in and out of there in about 2 minutes flat.Back to the office the disappointments started to pile up.   First, inside the bag was simply my entree in a takeout container.  No napkins, no plasticware, no sauces, literally just the takeout container.  How is at least a napkin and fork set not a standard take out provided item?   Actually opening the entree led to more disappointment.   Their website states (along with the non-existent salmon dishes): "Served with steamed or fried rice, egg roll, wonton, salad, and soup of the day.  Soup not included in togo order"   Well, there wasn't ANYTHING other than my entree and rice.  No egg roll, no wonton, no salad.  Now as I said before, it was pretty busy so I can forgive some oversight, but to miss out on providing 3 of the 5 components of a take out lunch special, and to not provide napkins or plasticware?   But still, brown rice!!!!!!    Well, not quite.  For the next disappointment, the rice provided inside the 2/3 full takeout container (I assume the 1/3 was supposed to have the salad and/or eggroll and wonton) was regular steamed white rice.  Here's the kicker, I actually enjoyed what I received quite a bit.  The chicken was nicely ground up, and the dish had a great flavor overall.  The rice wasn't as sticky as I usually like and almost ventured into Uncle Ben's like levels of separation.  The spice level was a little more intense than I usually look for in a 7, but I wouldnt mind so much if it wasn't for the other oversights.All in all I have to go with a 2.  Had they gotten the order correct and provided me with what I ordered, it would have been a solid 3 for sure.  Brown rice :(
2	over priced for the portion... So small. For 8.99 , the sweet n sour beef lunch special I had 7 small bite size pieces.. The flavor wasn't in the meat at all. There was only one other customer sitting at the bar. Got here around two pm on a Thursday. Quick to bring the food... But I will not be returning.
4	i was reluctant to try this place because of the reviews, but a friend of mine told me that it's good so i went for it. Green curry with duck. to put it simply, this is THUS FAR, the best green curry i have ever had with duck. SO flavorful. my order was a to go order and they DID give me the things that a to go order needs to have, the ONLY reason why i didn't give them 5 stars is because the rice container wasn't packed in like everyone else does. the order cost $17 but man o man, that was some good stuff. my advice, DON'T pay attention to the bad reviews, this place is good. i'll be back fo shizzle.
1	Worse customer service!I cannot review the food as only the Tom Yum came out. The server did not bother to service our table. The very rude oversized server lacks any personality and is clearly in the wrong profession. It is unfortunate that the manger tries to make excuses for his employee less than stellar service skills. Stay away unless you want to be treated like your money and patronage are not welcomed.
1	Came here a on a Saturday and got there 2 min before opening time. The place is more of a bar style decor. So we were the first customer (a group or 5). The food came out less than 7 minute for 5 dishes. (Sorry! no pics, bf's dad was hungry and dig in) Anyways, here the break down.....1.) Pad thai = 2/5, about $11 or so, small portion. too sweet. noodle wasn't the right one for pad thai.2.) Pad see you/ew? idk how to spell it properly : 3/5 (best dish out of all) cost like $103.) Seafood fried rice = tasteless......cost like 10 dollars or so. 1/54.) Krung Siam platter. I believe it was 15 DOLLARS!!! LET ME TRY TO remember....what it had....2 eggrolls, 3 crab puff, 3 wonton, 2 satay chicken....so expensive, and it didn't even taste good!! Idk, why they order it..... 1.5/6 6.) Beef Salad. Beef taste so hard and dry. Smells strong for some reason. We didn't finish that dishThai Tea tastes like bottled ones where u can get at the super market.hot tea is about 2 dollars and iced tea is about 2 dollars.Wish the people who came with me didn't suggest thai food blah.Sorry if my typing is messy. I'm typing this around 1:30 am half asleep. HAHA
4	Always a late night favorite. you must order the whole grilled squid
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!There hasn't been a time I've gone to Vegas in the past two years (and I go a lot) that I haven't eaten here. The food is always so tasty and the service is great. They're always refilling my beverage cups whenever it's getting low and the amount of food is decent. For being near the strip (somewhat) it's not bad for the prices. I love their Pad Thai and their Panang Curry. Both very good and they're not stingy w/ the meats that they put in them. The Beef Jerky is good and flavorful. The Larb is so good, but I've yet to find  a Thai place where its not. I wasn't a fan of their sticky rice, but hey every restaurant has it's downfalls. One thing that I loved about this place and it wasn't on the menu was that I was really craving Duck Noodle Soup and saw they served duck on the menu, they made it for me when I asked for it and that was just the cherry on top! Other than that I like this place and would definitely return.It has a dark setting on the inside, is open late and sometimes they have live music.
5	5 star Thai restaurant for me. My new found Thai restaurant in Vegas. I love Thai cuisine that I know when I eat Thai food, I know if it's aurhentic or not. Krung Siam made me fall in love on how tasty and yummy their food. I have recommended this place to my friends & guests. Can't wait to go back soon!!
4	Food was delicious and promptly served. We ordered the sampler, it was delicious. I ordered the pad-see-ew with beef, it was delicious. My girlfriend ordered the yellow curry, it was delicious and packed a real punch of flavor. I have no complaints.
5	This place is awesome. It has a modern and cultural vibe to it. The food was amazing! I recommend to go for lunch because they always have good deals. Thai tea is only a $1! yummyy
4	Safe, reliable Thai food.  Chicken Pad Thai is above average.  Atmosphere is cool and hip.  They have karaoke (which I understand is a staple of many asian restaurants), but it can be unbearably loud at times.  I have been there a handful of times and will return.This, by the way, is what my reviews look like when I write them in a hurry.  Lol.
1	Horrible, overcooked noodles, burnt-tasting curry, watered-down drinks and the kicker: the worst service from the rudest male bartender. Never again. Just no.
3	Although there a lot of Thai places around Las Vegas, I am still looking for my one place that I can always count on. Krung Siam is ok, but not sure it is my favorite of all places. The service was ok - it was not a busy night and they somehow managed to not get our order correct, even though the server had repeated what we wanted. We ordered the yellow curry with tofu, beef drunken noodles, and the spicy chicken wings. The flavor for all of the dishes were good, although for medium spicy, it felt like it was more mild. Each Thai place is very different as I have been to other places that their mild was more like hot. I wish the restaurants were more consistent. For the price, the portion sizes were decent, but not huge. They also charge for extra rice. The one good thing is they do have happy hour drinks/beers - so go before 8p and get your pints/pitchers for a great price!
4	I think after the new management kicked in, their food and service got better! The food here is pretty amazing.  I've tried their pad Thai, soups, different curries, a few noodle dishes ... I'll have to say they were all pretty delicious. Their service is pretty good (in terms of Asian restaurant service lol).  Sometimes late night you can catch live performances too :)
4	What a nice place. Driven by for a while and decided to try. Priced well and the thai tea was excellent. I ordered my lunch spicy 7 out of 10 and it was on par for flavor. New lunch place for me! Very clean and staff was very nice. If you like Thai food, give it a try!
4	Delicious lunch specials. We had the basil, panang, and fried rice. Washed it down with thai tea. Very authentic and a nice atmosphere.
5	somtum kung zapverrrrrrrr kaa  :)
2	Is Krung Siam Thai for slow service and food poisoning?
5	This restaurant has always been one of my favorites ! You could say I'm kind of a regular. I go there about two-three times a month. I usually get cashew chicken or pad Thai chicken. Both dishes surpass other Thai restaurants in the valley. I wish the location was more west. However, that's just because its closer to my house. Nop is a wonderful waitress and is always attentive. Great place that is clean and tasty. :)
3	Nice little restaurant- the decor was cute and the lounge music on a Saturday afternoon made for some nice ambiance. The service was friendly and attentive. The fresh spring rolls were tasty. Chicken curry was not all that tasty. The potatoes were still pretty hard and the chicken had a lot of gristle. The beef pad see ew was really salty. I think Archi's is still my favorite Thai place.
3	My parents recently moved to Las Vegas and I've never been anywhere outside of the strip, so was excited to check out Chinatown area where the locals thrive.  We came here on a Friday night and there was a decent crowd there.  They had a live musician singing classic songs with some accompaniment and on guitar.  It added to a nice family vibe.  We decided to split some entrees among the three of us.  The portions were good and the food was a bit more spicy than we hoped (even though we asked for less than medium), but still yummy.The prices are reasonable, but actually not much different from what I would expect to see in NYC.  Was hoping for a little bit more of a bargain, but not bad.  I wouldn't mind coming back here again with my family.
3	Krung Siam is typical of many Thai restaurants I've been to.  Upscale ambience, tasty food, but nothing so out of the ordinary to make it a stand-out in my book.Our table ordered a variety of items but what we liked the best was the yellow curry with pork, and the beef larb salad with spicy dressing.Give the place a go if you're looking for a decent meal.
4	Pretty good Pad Thai. Lunch special was $6.99***********PLEASE READ************:: Their spicy level is NO JOKE. They have a 1-10 scale with 10 being the most spicy. Now, I love spicy foods and can handle spiciness. When I go to Thai places and order my pad thai spicy, I usually request my spiciness in the B grading scale range. Soooo....I ordered my chicken pad thai with a level 8. HOLY SHIT.....this was wayyyyy tooo spicy for me. I couldn't even eat my dish because my entire mouth was burning. Even with a small bite, I had to gulp down water. I got full off water. So if you plan on making any of the dishes spicy, take it down a notch or two.....or three.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 59/100Landed here with the parentals during another of our foodie ventures. Spotlight goes to their $5.99 lunch specials. Frankly, I was skeptical about trying this place out at first, especially after hearing mixed reviews. Alright, maybe the servers were not as homey or warm as I would've expected them to be - but I will give them the benefit of the doubt and take it that I do get groggy myself at that time of day (2pm). Nonetheless, they got our orders down like lightning and our food arrived in less than 10 minutes.Papa had the sweet and sour shrimp, mommy had garlic and pepper chicken and I got the yellow curry beef. I must've been the most satisfied out of the three of us. Curry was extra mild, as requested and the coconut milk brought out a rich overall flavor to the dish. I'd say it was sweet with a touch of spiciness - not eye-watering hot, but enough to keep the spoonfuls coming in.Mommy liked her chicken. Didn't last too long. Papa wasn't too keen on his order because he said that it tasted like pre-cooked, pre-packaged and refrigerated shrimp tossed into a plate of sweet and sour sauce. To put it simply, I guess he meant that the flavor did not soak in too well. Oh and how could I forget? We absolutely loved the soup! (it came with the lunch specials) Would've liked it too if there were side servings of egg roll and fried wonton for every order like the krung siam website said. Salmon was crossed out the menu for some reason (that was going to be my first option) so it's best to not rely on their site to be in the know how about what they currently have. We'll be back here again for lunch soon. Enjoyed the peaceful ambiance and papa had a great time keeping score of the NBA playoffs thanks to the tellies lined up along the walls. They each had a different sport playing. At some point, he needed to know a team's score so I sifted through my phone to check it and hola, there was wi-fi! Could've been jacked from the starbucks right beside (very very possible) but still, you get to access it and that's the best part.
4	Fantastic food, slow service.  Very accommodating to first time thai diners like myself.
1	This place was great the first time I went. The second time was awful. I got tom kha soup and ordered it at a 2/10 for spicy and literally made me gag it was soooo spicy and I sent it back with my server who barely spoke english. He brought me back a new soup in THE SAME POT and it was the exact same soup with just coconut milk added into it. So I asked for a manager. no manager was working so I spoke with a senior employee who also didn't speak English. She explained to me that the soup was sent back and it was mixed with a soup mix since we already ate some of it (we literally had one bite and sent it back) after it getting sent back twice we finally got a new one. This one actually came with all the ingredients and it tasted like something other than fire! Still a bitch and a half to get my order right though.
4	I love this Thai restaurant !!!
2	The food was okay, the singers were funny and entertaining (singing off a karoake machine) until it got annoying. The waitress tried to tell me she "forgot" to bring my change back..not impressed
1	Came in and asked for a table and of the 15 tables, 2 were occupied and maybe 7 had dirty dishes on them. I was told I'd have to wait or go to the bar.  Retarded right? Fine.  I go to the bar and wait 5 minutes to get attention.  Meanwhile i witnessed about 5 dishes getting cold in the window waiting to get picked up.  I looked around and there were more than enough employees but they all looked like chickens with their heads cut off. I order beef red curry with no basil or mint leaf. 15 min later I get beef red curry with basil all over the sumbitch.  I returned it with no apology...not even a smile.  In fact, I didn't catch a smile since I had walked in.  Service with a smile?  Nuh uh. Shitty service, no smile.Now for the food...eh.  Yeah.  Whatevs.  So...my first time here:Shitty serviceMessy dining roomNo smiles (like they didn't want customers)And the food was just okBad day at the office?  Naw man...they broke too many industry rules.  I'm out!  And i definitely ain't coming back.
3	This is a perfectly satisfactory Thai joint, maybe even a cut above. They do up curry, soups, and drunken noodles in a pleasing fashion. Much like many Asian restaurants, their lunch specials are ridiculously affordable (I believe $5.99 for a small soup and entree). Unfortunately, the service is akin to most of its Asian brethren as well. Which is to say, it is very hit, miss, or indifferent. Krung steps up the decor more than most plain jane Asian joints, which is a welcoming edition. Overall, if you want a satisfying Thai experience that is easy on the wallet (especially during lunch), give Krung Siam a whirl. And tell them Judas sent you! (That will probably give you the same indifferent response than if you told them, "Never fake the funk on a nasty dunk.")
5	I travel to Vegas about 3 or 4 times a year on business. After so many years I have grown weary of the stuffy atmosphere and high prices of the casino restaurants. My co worker and I love Thai food, and a local friend recommended this place. I can't say a bad thing about our experience, and we are so excited to find a new Thai place off the strip (in China Town). We indulged in the steamed dumplings, tom kha soup, yellow curry chicken, and drunken noodles, and shared it between the 3 of us. It was so yummy!! We sent our soup back because we like it spicier, but that was only because we played it safe and ordered a 2. They were very friendly about taking it back and spicing it up for us! The staff was attentive the whole time, and we were pleased when they started up some live entertainment! Then our check was only $60 after all the food, plus a couple bottles of sake, 2 beers, and a glass of wine! We are definitely coming back every trip!
4	Spicy ass thai foodNot careful of heat levelEnds with spicy ass
1	The worst thai food place I've been to. Don't waste your time here! Pad thai was bland and cashew nut chicken was extremely disgusting. It's a very small portion and pretty expensive for it. Servers were rude and they never asked about our food. Spicy hot wings made me want to commit suicide with their mighty garlic chunks and sweet sauce just thrown on top. We asked for extra napkins and they litterally gave us ONE. Had to beg for a refill and to get the check. We should of walked out ... And I wouldn't regret it not one bit. Worst $39 spent !
3	Cute atmospehere. Jerky app was good. Duck curry wad decent as well. I had the combination soup, which tasted like someone had spilt cinnamon in it. Not worth the drive. Cool that it has a full bar. Bass from the music was too strong.
5	Best noodles in Vegas! Drunken noodles are amazing! Take the #10 spice challenge if you dare.
3	I decided to eat here after a night out on the town. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. They had a tiny stage were it looked like they had live bands play. The music was a bit loud but I didn't mind it too much. The service was great and I'm a person who goes through 10 glasses of water before I'm finished eating my meal. They keep coming and keeping up with us. The food was decently priced and tastes excellent. I had the red shrimp curry at a spicy level of 8. Was not spicy at all. The portions were good as well. Over all I liked my experience and will be coming again to see if I can catch a live performer of a local band :)
3	Wish the rating could fall in the 2.5 range. Food quality: Good to Very GooodStaff: Snotty, unresponsive and simply cannot "relate".I have been to this establishment a number of times and have seen the "staff" issue plummet. I now only go for the food, and that is hardly a good reason to frequent a restaurant with this type of ambience. My frequency of visits has reduced from once a week to once every 2 to 3 months. The staff simply does not compliment what is being offered by the menu or the environment (decor / lighting / music etc.)A real dissapointment over the past 2 years.
2	A poor experience.The decor and ambiance were promising. Everything was soft, soothing, and clean. Unfortunately, I'm more concerned with the food. I had been here once before, and I ordered a lackluster drunken noodle dish. Giving this place another chance (because I really like Thai), I ordered a lunch special Chicken Panang extra spicy with an appetizer of fresh spring rolls. To drink I ordered Thai Tea.The Thai Tea came out with a glass of water. The water was clearly tap water. It had an odd aftertaste. One sip and I was done. The Thai Tea was meh.The spring rolls were interesting. The menu indicated lettuce, bean sprouts, mint, sweet basil, cilantro, carrot and tofu. I received 4 rolls standing on one end. The top end overflowed with ingredients. The mint and basil were delicious. There was actually very little sprouts, and a lot more lettuce than in normal spring rolls. I prefer shrimp; however, I suspect they used Vietnamese pork sausage rather than tofu. Two rolls fell apart while trying to separate them from one another. While the actual spring rolls were lack luster, the peanut sauce included was actually quite good.The soup included with the lunch special was a vegetable soup. I'm glad I asked, because they actually forgot to serve it to me. The Panang was not well done. Heat level was probably about a 3 (I asked for 15 on a scale of 1-10). The Panang was also very watery.I was disappointed. I don't think that I'll return to this restaurant again.
5	LOVE the fact they're open all night! We wanted some good Thai food and all of our usual spots were closed. So decided to give this place a try even though it's about 14 miles from home. Glad we did!!! Nice atmosphere, friendly staff and great food. There was even karaoke as free entertainment.
3	We came on a Monday evening after a long day and ordered 1. Tom Yum (pot) Seafood - Spicy 5: 16.992. Pad Thai chicken: 9.993. Seafood Delight - Spicy 3: 14.994. 3 Steamed rice: 4.50 5. Garlic Pepper chicken: 9.996. Red Curry Beef: 10.99for $85.05 (automatic 18% tip charge AFTER tax)  - Easy to spot, but hard to get to! Coming from the strip, off of Spring Mtn, and to this place, does everyone have to make an illegal u-turn off Valley View?! haha- Great looking bar and dine for a Thai restaurant, but bathrooms don't match!- Ambiance doesn't match service. - Lame and lazy service. On a slow evening, we have to hunt down Takky to tell her we're ready to order, get drink refills, remove empty plates, organize our own table. No ass kissers here. Fail.- Tom yum had great flavor, strong sour and spicy taste. hot! Loved it, but a bit expensive for tom yum. Too much cilantro.- Pad Thai chicken was delicious! Just how I want my Pad Thai to taste. - Seafood Delight was a dry and spicy. I couldn't imagine how it would taste if it were a 5! Yikes! Mussels are tiny but packed with flavor. Too much onions. - Garlic Pepper chicken packed a punch of garlic! A Vampire's nightmare. Good with the broccoli. - Red Curry beef was pretty good, but I should have just gotten the Panang. Ugh..- Automatic gratuity = 6 or more in party.- SNEAKS! Charging tip after tax.
4	came here after a night out and was pleasantly surprised to find this thai restaurant open. i didn't want to dine in so we walked in and ordered to go. - drunken noodles: my favorite! delicious!- pad thai: yummy! - tom yum soup: love!we ordered all of them with spice level 7 and i would probably get 8 next time but for a late night meal...7 was perfect. i love that this place is open late and there were quite a few people dining in while we were waiting. i am definitely coming back here and i highly recommend this place.
4	2 reasons to come here: Great lunch specials...and FREE WIFI (that you can steal from the Starbucks next door. I recommend the green curry chicken, but I've had luck with everything (except for the green curry duck). Also, sometimes the waiters take forever to bring me a bill. But that's no big deal, the main point is this place serves delicious food, and they do it on big tables...so always room for my laptop.
4	This is a go to lunch spot for us! For $6.99 you get a cup of soup and a decent lunch sized entree. The dining room always has plenty if tables filled, good sign. The music is this weird mix of current hits but jazzed up like, if that's the best way to describe it. The soup is usually some veggie soup Thai style. I typically like it, only once was it a little funky even for my taste. The Boyfriend doesn't usually eat it because he thinks mushrooms are poison and will kill him if he eats them so I get two cups which fill me and then I tend to have leftovers of my entree for my lunch the next day. The entrees are good. I usually get the Pad Thai but sometimes switch it up. Today I got Yellow Curry and it was delish as was the particular soup they had today. Their iced tea is also good it's very floraly if you like that kinda stuff! I gave it 4 stars because sometimes the service is ify, mostly because they don't always keep drinks filled and that is a huge peeve of mine while dining out. I could honestly care less if they never asked me how things were because I'm not that picky but I just want my drink to be kept full.
3	Cute place, but food was... meh. Portions are a bit smaller and the food seems a little catered to white people, as in not as spicy and seasoned. The beef salad was awesome but I'd shy away from the pad Thai and friend rice.
4	For  a 24hr Thai restaurant in China Town I was actually surprised. I was expecting it be americanized and super bright inside, but It had a traditional vibe and was almost romantic. Music was playing through YouTube videos that the waitresses were choosing and you would think I'd be annoyed, but it actually added to the homeliness experience. The food was okay, I ordered the pork jerky and sticky rice, which you can't mess up, and chicken satay, which wasn't my favorite, but I'd definitely go back for that late night craving.
5	Always outstanding service. Music is mixed but alway something swanky! The food is delicious but portions aren't as large as I'd like them to be. The Thai ice coffee is so delicious and I tend to stop in and get it to go throughout the week. Funny fact I'm a Starbucks addict which is right next door. Almost feel guilty.
5	This is usually our go-to spot when we're craving Thai Food. Great service and delicious food. My favorite dishes are their pad thai, panang curry, and tom kha. I recently ordered delivery and they were here before their quoted time, which is always a plus! Thank you Krung Siam!
1	The food was too sweet, it doesn't taste like Thai food, service was bad, and there was a cockroach in the bathroom.
2	Wasnt really all that impressed with the pad thai noodles I ordered not to mention that for some reason they forgot to bring out my main entree and by the time i got my food i was already full on the appetizers. service was really sub par on my experience their...not sure if i will return seeing as their as a plethera of other asian restuarants in the area...
4	My friends were in town and wanted to eat Thai food. It's was almost midnight so I don't know what was open. We decided to drive through Chinatown to see what we could find. Ended up here at Krung Siam. Good authentic Thai food, good service, full bar and they're open till 6 am.
5	This is the place that served thai food after midnight.    Good food. I love BBQ squid  and gravy noodle.   Chang is my favorite thai beer.   Service is excellent. Especially. Bank he did good job.
1	I've given this place enough chances because they're on my way home and open late.  They're customer service is not great, the restroom is dirty, their menu is not updated there are several things that they no longer have and the pricing is different. Food is not the best but definitely not the worst. This last time takes the biscuit.I ordered food to go and upon arriving home, found a dead baby cockroach smashed on the side of the box of fried rice. I called and spoke to the manager and they offered to make me a new fried rice- that's it. Never again.
2	Where to start. So came here around 3ish to grab a late lunch. There was only 2 or so other parties in the restaurant besides us. We were seated promptly as soon as we got in. We ordered the lunch special pad Thai and Red curry with the normal order of drunken noodles. The waitress never asked how spicy we wanted our food,  which is what I'm usually accustomed to at a Thai restaurant. We also ordered some Thai teas. We got our 2 soups which wasn't too bad. Not sure what kind of soup it was. Now onto the entrees. -Pad Thai (chicken) : Wasn't much flavor to it at all, just overly sweet. Chicken was ok. -Red Curry (chicken): Not spicy at all. Wasn't that good. Didnt even if finish it. -Drunken Noodles (beef): Not spicy at all. The description made it sound like it was spicy and sounded like pad kee mao. This wasn't very flavor either. Just oily noodles and some garnishes. Now the service. We were in here close to an hour and the server came by once to check up on us and refill our drinks. We then waited a while so we can ask for our check and she never came at all and nowhere in sight. I had to get up and find her. She was talking to a coworker and chit chatting it up. The service and food were both equally lacking here.
5	I'm always impressed with the service here. Entrees out within 10 minutes even at lunchtime & at midnight. Food is very tasty with lots of fresh veggies in my vegan dishes. My only complaint is their live music at night is too loud for dinner conversation. Prices are very reasonable, just slightly more than Thai Noodle but their decor, service & ambiance make up for that, especially for a date or business meeting. Love their late hours.
4	Sat late night with a large party.  Ordered yellow chicken curry.  I enjoyed my food.  The server remembered who ordered what. Service was very smooth.  Tip was included on the tab, as we were a large group.
3	Its good for late night Thai food. Portions not as big as most Restaurants and a little higher priced.  good  because its open late night. Not bad, waitresses are  friendly. Has a nice bar.
4	Basil Chicken....I really liked this place. I brought 2 other people who dont eat a lot of Thai food and they both loved their dish. The Cashew Chicken and Basil Chicken were both excellent and the Satay sauce was delightful. I would definetly go back.
5	ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE. Open Late night, fast service, friendly staff. BEST Curry in town and great location. Definitely my late night go-to Spot.
5	Lunch specials are off the charts(from 11AM - 3PM). Soup and meal for 5-6 dollars(somewhere around there). Try the garlic tofu oR any of the curry. BOMBBB!!!
4	This is a really nice place for being in China Town.  The food is delicious, the price is cheap, and the atmosphere nice and new. I recommend getting the yellow curry.  Be warned, the heat level of the dish is ranked 1 to 10, and is made to your liking.  Don't try to impress your friends here, you will get burned.  Literally.
5	What a surprise this place was! We walked in and there was a LIVE BAND.  Open Til 6am so we didnt have to worry about the 10pm arrival.  The waitor was great. Very thurough with the Menu.  The ambiance was great for a couble.  Candle Light And all.  My Girl Ordered the Shrimp Patay and made it 1/2 shrimp and 1/2 Scallops... NEXT TIME GO ALL SCALLOPS, they were great.  The Fresh Spring Rolls was our appetizer, lots of lettace and only a little Tofu but the Peanut Sauce was much better than Pho Kim Long.  I Got the Thai BBQ Chicken... DO IT JUST FOR THE PRESENTATION! 6ft FLAME!  Final Bill around $50, I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu.
2	If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.  We ordered seafood Tom Yum soup, which came out very bland.  The glass noodle salad also doesn't have enough flavor.  Service is mediocre.  We ordered rice with the tom yum soup which came out pretty quick.  Howeved, no one came to check to see if the rice came out.  We sat there for 25 min and my husband finally had to walk back  to the cashier to ask for the rice.  By that time, the pot got cold because the fire had gone out.  We had to ask for the waiter to add more gas to warm it up.  What a disappointment overall!
4	The food of Krung Siam is a-ok! The pad thai was very tasty, the portion was generous and I felt my 4/10 spice level was accurate. This was my first visit and what surprised me was that there was live music! Don't get me wrong, he was talented but since I was there on a first date, it made conversation somewhat difficult. My impression is that the entertainment only takes place during the later hours but my advice would be to call ahead to see what the music schedule is if you would like to have a quiet meal. All in all, a good spot but with the full bar and occasional entertainment, it just has more of a restaurant night club feel than I'm used to from a thai restaurant.
1	My hubby and I ordered at 12:04am exactly for delivery. We were told 40 minutes. We called at 1:15am and we're told the driver is on his way. At this point we were trying to stay awake... At 2am we call again to find out it's too late and the driver has gone home. Ummm you said he was on his way? You could have called to tell us that?Never got to try the food and won't.
5	Great happy hour between 4-6. Great food! I recommend the Penang Curry chicken w/brown rice and peanut sauce. Staff is always friendly. Food always comes out fast. They have a stage set up , although I've never seen anyone perform. Still is always a pleasant experience when I go.
2	This place was such a disappointment for my boyfriend and I.. :(We started off with the chicken satay.  That was the only decent thing we had on the menu.I had the garlic and pepper entree with beef over rice.  It wasn't good at all.  The beef was hard and chewy, not edible.My boyfriend had pad thai and he didn't like it either.  We left our plates almost completely full... and wasted $30.I came here once before and ordered some kind of chicken meal, I don't remember what exactly.  But I didn't eat more than two bites.  The chicken wasn't good at all.  I only came back because my boyfriend had a decent meal and wanted to return.  We learned our lesson this time.Both times I have been here there was a live performance, which is kind of cool.The service was friendly, which is the only reason I gave this place two stars (and the decent appetizer).  However, neither one of us will be returning.
3	Upon walking in there's was a live band performing, which was pretty cool. The wait to be seated was short.  I ordered the drunken chicken noodles.... But I received beef w a few pieces of noodles! Now although I ordered chicken and got beef and I hardly had any noodles at all... The food was still decent.. They ask if I wanted to send the food back but I'm not one to send food back w/o worrying about the cook doing something to my food so I ate it and it wasn't bad, but  not what I wanted.. Overall average experience
3	I dont have much to say but i ordered the eggplant dish and my girlfriend ordered tofu dish and they were both delicious, flavorful, and spicy! Ive been here twice so i have no complaints. We ordered bloody marys and it came out pretty good.
2	We were here after 10 pm on 12/30/13First of all, how can they remodel the restaurant looking nice and cool and forgot the restroom?  The faucet requires push down on one hand while washing the other. I can't imagine how one can wash/clean hand that way. I don't want to think how the chef and server do after using the restroom. Pad Thai was ok, the noodle stuck together. The beef and basil was not good as I didn't expect they used ground beef. This is not a restaurant dish in my opinion. I can make better. Tum yum soup in the hot pot was actually better than I expected. Green and red curry was ok. Not enough chicken and veggies in there.
2	I hate to write this because Krug Siam used to be our go to Thai place.  But...The live entertainment is always way too loud, so much so that it takes away from the meal.  (At least on New Year's Eve he was on tune...)Our food order was messed up.  The Thai Spicy 8 was barely spicier than the no spicy.  And the one dish I specifically said no spicy (for my young son) was spicier than the two level two spicy dishes.  The waitress filled my son's Sprite with water.  The Cashew Nut was almost entirely celery and the Pad Thai was made with glass noodles...But my bigger problem is that the food was just okay.  I used to drive across the valley to eat here but my neighborhood Thai places are much better.  So they aren't bad.  If I'm on this side of town I may even stop in again, but with all the other choices of places to eat, I don't think so.  And I'm definitely not driving across town for them.
3	This place was just ok. Not amazing, not aweful, but just ok. I came in for a quick lunch with my dad and the sign stated that the week of Christmas and New Years, they didn't have lunch specials, which was the main reason we came. Both of us were freaking starving, so we just decided to stay.We pretty much got there right when they opened so service was good. They were pretty attentive and kept refilling our drinks. That's a good sign. Now on to the food.Crab rangoonsThis is one of my favorite things to order for an appetizer. I was really disappointed. We were the first ones in the restaurant so I expected them to come out hot and fresh. Nope, these were just warm like they were  made 20 mins before and just sitting. When I opened one, you could see how greasy it was. Chicken panangI enjoyed this dish a lot. Big chunks of chicken and chunks of bell peppers. It was really good, like what panang is supposed to taste like, but the portion was really small for the $10 price. I could have just eaten that myself. Beef larbI'm not a fan of their version. Instead of using chopped pieces of beef, they used ground beef. They use cabbage instead of lettuce like I'm used to at other places. To me this dish reminded me of another Filipino dish called papaitan (spelling?). For anyone who knows who that is, you know that distinct taste I'm talking about. Not really pleasant in Thai food. Overall, I had a decent experience here. I'd come here if someone else was paying, but I'll stick to other Thai places around town.
3	Richard Pro here with another review.No stranger to thai dishes, I ordered yellow curry with beef, red curry with shrimp, and the basil chicken. The yellow curry was sweet and creamy. I'm always a little overwhelmed by yellow curry so I didn't like it, but if you enjoy yellow curry, you'll probably like this.The red curry was powerful and had lots of bamboo to munch on. I found it very agreeable to my palate.The basil chicken was pretty bad. I got what appeared to be shredded chicken drenched in some kind of overpowering sweet sauce. I have no idea whether it was chicken, pork, or beef, so that says a lot about the dish. Anyway, it was pretty bad and I find it hard to believe it's the "most popular entree" as listed on the menu.3 stars only because of the live entertainment. Otherwise, the food is really meh and you're paying like $12 per dish.Interior is dark and loud because of the music. Comfy, I suppose. Service was outstanding.
4	Service= GoodFood= Very Good. Ambiance = GoodWe went here for dinner and ordered Satay,  drunken noodles and Fried Rice.   All very good.   Rice was really good.   Pair it with some dry chicken and you will love it.
4	Met some friends here for dinner, their recommendation as they had been here several times. Some of Krung Siam's  yelp reviews aren't great so I was a little leery. I was very happy with the level of service and the attentiveness of the wait staff. They were prompt, but gave us time to socialize with our friends.Food was very good, we shared appetizers of: Chicken Satay, Fresh Spring Rolls and Crying Tiger. I would recommend all three of these dishes. The Thai hot chili sauce that came with the Crying Tiger was amazing!!!!! I could eat this on everything!Our entrees were: Beef Drunken Noodles, Duck Curry, Chicken Curry and Vegetable tofu curry. My drunken noodles were very good, I ordered them a spicy 7 out of 10. I would have liked them even spicier but it hard sometimes at a new place to know how they judge the spiciness of their dishes. I think Krung Siam takes it a little easier on the spice compared to some other thai restaurants.The atmosphere is really nice. I actually really liked the live entertainment, and the cold sake was a perfect paring for our dinner.
4	This Thai restaurant was good. The food was yummy and they sure can manage a group of 30+ :) we showed up there after work with tons of our coworkers from downtown casino The D. Bunch of hungry dancing dealers and supervisors and security guards. At 4:30am ready to eat! They got our drinks orders out quickly and the food was surprisingly quick as well considering how big our group was. I had pork drunken noodles :) spicy level 5 out of 10. It was perfect. Spicy enough to enjoy. I had my sticky rice as well and Thai tea :) and a Thai beer :( they didn't have beer Lao but I think I got Sappora (sp?)It was like a club there with good music and a good variation. They played pop and country it was awesome :) Open 24 hours a day. Good place to go if you work swing and like Thai food :)
5	Best spot for late night Thai, hands down. One of the best places in town not far from the strip.
3	Thai food off the strip. Where the thai families get their grub on.Some of the spicy dishes are pretttyyyyyy darn spicy, no joke. Service is awesome, they're always refilling your water. Came with my friend's huge family/relative group for dinner. Has to be legit if out of all the Thai restaurants, this is their choice off the strip to eat at. Everything tasted decent, nothing stood out too great except the spiciness of the noodle dish.
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch for the first time by myself . Service was fast n friendly . I ordered the chicken basil mint . Delicious ! I really enjoy the music n the vibe of the restaurant . They play live music nightly after 8 pm . I shall return :)
4	Beware; ordering a dish with a spicy factor of five means that you will be attempting to ingest the first few circles of hell. No really. I'm actually afraid of the idea of ordering a ten.After my first failed venture I was a little hesitant about returning, but where else can you get decently priced Thai food at 3:30 in the morning?My second go went much better - I decided on the appetizer combo dish along with a Thai Beef Salad (level three spice this time). The beef was a little heavy on the lime, but other than that it was amazing. I can't recall having a mint and lime leaf salad before this... But I would definitely have it again. Add in the very modern, upscale decor and you've got a winner on your hands.
4	Service can be slow, the food is pretty quick but sometimes your server is just nowhere to be found. Sometimes there is live music, he will serenade you and make you blush. Crying tiger dish is so succulent it melts in your mouth. Lunch specials are a really good deal. $15 beer tower and $2 draft beer during happy hour. It's a relaxed kind of vibe so it's a nice little spot to chill with your friends and get your grub on. And the spice levels are pretty accurate. I love my spices and I'm usually at a 5 or 6, if you can get to 10 then you're probably a dragon, and that's fine with me but don't breathe on me  (^_^) The best part about this place is that it's open so late. After a long night sometimes you just want to sit down and eat some good food where it's not so noisy.
1	The rice was dry. The curry was alright. My boyfriend got the fried rice and it had no taste whatsoever.
5	Amazing Thai food. Specialized spicy flavor depending on what you like. Great service AND they put on the NCAA tourney for us. Spicy wings were also straight fantastic.
2	Ordered the eggplant with tofu and papaya salad for takeout. Both were requested to be a medium spicy however it was pretty bland. If ordering for delivery, know that they are good about their time. I would've enjoyed the experience if the food was more flavorful.
2	I only give this place 2 stars because the staff was great.  The food looks amazing but that's all. The flavor just wasn't there.  My husband's pork looked like over cooked bacon slabs. I paid extra for shrimp and scallops which were both rubbery in texture and totally tasteless.  Save your money and try someplace else if you're wanting Thai food in Vegas.
4	Garlic crunchy shrimp was more like garlic crunchy salad. Also asked for soco lime and was given lime juice and tonic....   Normally food is good but service sucks
4	We always come to Krung Siam when in Vegas.  Happy hour specials include $2 beers, so we love it for a late lunch.  Panang Curry is a favorite, rounded out with pad thai and a couple of appetizers, and you have lunch for 4.  Add the eggplant and you'll be full and still take some home.  Vegetarian and vegans both can find plenty of choices.  Impress your guests when it's your turn to buy by taking them to this funky place away from the strip.  You'll look like a local!
4	Went here last night with my pops.Atmosphere & Ambiance:  Really hip, they have a cool little stage with a singer (who happened to be there, and singing!), lights, music, and a long L-shaped bar counter.  Service:  The ladies were amazing.  My dad looked like he was in heaven; I knew this by his own admissions that the ladies working there were beautiful representatives of the Thai people.  Besides their obviously beautiful staff, they were courteous and always kept our glasses full; our orders came out perfect.Food:  I ordered the Basil with Pork, spicy level 7 with a side of white Thai rice and my dad ordered one of the most delicious bowls of Tom Yum Shrimp soup I'd ever had.  My pork was good quality and the gravy was really good tasting; very spicy.  His Tom Yum broth had an intense flavor, with hints of lemongrass and ginger; the shrimp were very good and decently sized too.  To compliment our Thai meals, we orderd two Singha Beers; the pride of Thailand Beer.Price:  $31...not bad for the portions and quality.  I would go back again.  Great happy hour specials!
2	I have been a regular at late night Krung Siam for years. It's been a favorite go-to for descent " Thai " in the wee hours if the night. The problem is that it's consistently gone down in service and quality. On my most recent visit, we had a waiter we'd never seen before. He didn't appear to speak English. Our order coming out incorrectly was an indicator that he wasn't understanding Us.We calmly asked again, and again, and over the course of an hour or so.. we got allot of attitude about sending back items we didn't not order. On top of it, we asked for water 4x, and the server was clearly being vindictive and ignoring us. A different female server started coming over to fix things.. and finally we got the 3 of the 4 things we wanted. No water tho..but at least our beer finally arrived. Originally we ordered Asahi, and when they didn't show up after 10 minutes.. I asked the server. He motioned that they didn't have Asahi.. so we got Newcastle. Sufficed to say, it's not a good feeling when you regularly spend quality money on garbage service and food. When we approached the guy that we were told was manager.. he told us that he " didn't care if we didn't come back " ... Awesome. Telling locals to not come back. People that are literally there once a week or so. DonezoHappy Eating :)
5	The food was awesome, the service was so 100 percent with Lemon, Milk, Vic, and Mary. Had famiky from Orange County visit and they are happy and pkeased.
3	it's fun to come here at 2 am when other asian restaurants nearby are closed. Food was so so, some hit, some missed. A bit loud with with club music they're playing in the background. The waitresses were very nice and friendly, if it wasn't for them, i would have giving 1 less star.
3	My co-workers and I ordered food from here while at work. We work at a hotel on the Las Vegas strip and recommend this place all the time to guest because of word of mouth so we finally decided to check it our for ourselves. They have a huge selection of Thai and Chinese food to choose from. We all picked something from the Thai side of the menu and were very impressed! I got the Thai BBQ Chicken with fried rice. It was very flavorful and the dipping sauce really made the dish. The only thing I would've liked even more if they would have grilled it. My co-workers also enjoyed their food as well. I also got their Thai Tea which was so yummy! And their delivery was very fast.
3	A Great Place for Lunch!!The food in this place is not in a class with Archi's, and certainly, does not hold a candle up to Lotus of Siam. But for your classic American Thai favorites as a lunch special, this is a really good value. The Panang Curry with Chicken is a good lunch portion, but the curry is thin. My wife enjoyed the noodle dishes, and feels the same way about the quality. Not impressive, but acceptable for a lunch, served in a relaxing atmosphere. Lunches are fair portions, and served with soup before the main course. Service is prompt and friendly. You actually get the same server throughout, and they check back on a regular basis. Very refreshing in a Thai place. Best deal......Thai Iced Teas and Coffees are just $1 during lunch. Location is good with easy parking. For the cost of a trip to Quizino's or a mediocre burger joint, you can enjoy a somewhat healthy lunch at a great price.
3	This is the second time I've been here.  My daughter loves the appetizer platter and the basil chicken is good but was not impressed with my noodle dish.  Not my favorite.  I liked the basil shrimp I had last time better.
2	I've actually really enjoyed this place! I've been to other infamous Thai places and felt Krung Siam had really good seasonings and love the convenient hours for a late night eat. I've been craving Thai lately so we finally made it tonight. We noticed right away the change in staff, all new people, no biggy, fine with me. But the food was just not there tonight. I ordered a familiar chicken veggie delight entree spicy 5 and it was so bland and not spicy AT all! When I first came years ago. I ordered a 6 and had 2 Thai teas and probably 5 waters during that meal; delicious but spicy. Well not tonight, sadly didn't even taste like Thai food, and it was pretty cold temp. Very disappointed tonight, especially for a drive from the north west .
5	Have been back to Krung Siam several times since my first review, and I have to say that the more I go... the more I love this place.My favorites are still the crying tiger!! (if you don't try this you are doing yourself an injustice!)I also love love love the fried cornish hen!!The whole fried fish is amazing, and still love the drunken noodles!I changed my stars from 4 on my first review to 5 stars now, I have been several times and I really recommend at least trying this restaurant once, it has a certain appeal that brings you back...
5	My husband and I can both agree that this was the best restaurant we ate at during our entire trip. The waiter was very friendly, quick, and came to check on us frequently. We ordered the deep fried Cornish Hen which came on a huge platter. It was seriously a meal for two. If you love cilantro which we do, you must order this dish. We also ordered the Garlic shrimp which was so very good. The garlic bits were so delicious. I've never had garlic prepared like that before and wish I knew how they did it. The Sticky rice with Mango was very good also. This will probably be one of the first restaurants I will return to the next Ike I am in Vegas.
4	Great spot for late night Thai food cravings! It's one of my go to post-club restaurants on spring mountain. Their take out is always a good option too. I usually get the Pad See Ew...I had the fresh spring rolls once and wasn't really digging them. Maybe try the fried ones next time.
4	I would say I've probably come here a good 50 times mainly due to this being one of the 3 places my old boss wanted to come to for late night eating. I used to think it was alright, not too much flavor but recently I noticed a change. Although the portions got slightly smaller and prices went up $1-3 per item, the flavor was definitely kicked up! They have live music most nights and I like the atmosphere.My favorites have been the Tom Kha, Panang Curry, Pad See Ew, Basil Fried Rice, Beef Salad, Garlic Shrimps, and their roti w/ coconut ice cream yum! Oh and also their Chang beer towers are a great deal at $18. Also, love their Thai tea bombs!!.The items I didn't care for were their Cornish hen appetizer (hugeee but little flavor), chicken satay, and  thai bbq chicken. Everytime I've come in a large group of around 10 people (probably 35/50 times I've come here), we've been seated immediately and food has come fast. Overall I really enjoy this place especially now that it seems their food is much tastier. One star off just because like most places in Chinatown, service is lacking. Sometimes it takes forever for them to refill water and bring the check but food has always been fast and they've always been friendly so no problem. Definitely a regular :)
4	This place really knows how to satisfy with their moist and flavorful pad thai! The noodles are soaked with delicious flavor, perfectly cooked, with lots of moist chicken, and I especially loved their fried soft tofu. The tofu adds a wonderfully luscious texture. My boyfriend and I have eaten a lot of pad thai in Vegas since we've moved here and this one takes the crown. There is nothing better than juicy, moist, and flavorful pad thai noodles. Comfort food for sure. Major plus that they are open way late! They are not afraid to use spices here, which is great for spice lovers like ourselves. Their spicy #8 had a great kick to it! (((True to spice))) Even their chili tray had everything you need: thai chilies in fish sauce, Serrano chilies in vinegar, sugar, and dry powdered chilies. The chilies were very spicy and flavorful (not for the faint of heart.)We've also tried their other dishes and they aren't half bad - I just found minor annoyances with them. Panang beef curry - Their version was watery, I prefer my curry thick. But the overall curry was actually flavorful. 3/5Beef pad see ew - great flavor and very generous on the beef, I just wish they offered more noodles to balance the dish out. 4/5Big plus that they are open late! The service here was quick at 2am on a Saturday. The ambiance was dark and the live Thai karaoke was entertaining. We've eaten here twice in a week already because that pad thai keeps calling my name. I just might become the duchess here because this is my new regular spot of pad thai!
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place yet since it is the best! This was one of the first restaurants my boyfriend and I tried when we moved to Las Vegas in 2011, and let me tell you it did not disappoint! When we arrived (with a party of 7) for his 24th birthday, we were greeted and seated almost immediately. Earlier in the day I came by to drop off a birthday cake and some decorations and they waitress had them set up when our party arrived.First thing ordered was Thai Ice Teas for the table. Which were amazing. Not too sweet, and not too strong, just perfect.For appetizers we order 3 servings of the Thai beef Jerky. Very tender with just the right amount of spice.My dinner selection was the shaved papaya salad (I ordered a 4 in spiciness) and it was crazy hot, but I washed it down with the tea ( the next time we visited I ordered a 3 and it was perfect).The waitress brought a round of martinis to the table to commemorate the birthday celebration, and the person doing karaoke at the time joined us in singing happy birthday. It was an awesome night.Pros:atmosphereservicefoodcons:Parkinglighting (it was a little on the dark side)This review is from my first visit in 2012 and we have been back 8 times since. Definitely recommend!
4	Solid Thai food. Bar in the back. Great at night. Quality ingredients all around.Watch out for Karaoke least your night out be ruined haha.
1	Horrible service! Waiting for table to be cleaned and wait 15 min to find out table was given to another couple! Order food and waiter doesn't speak any English and leaves are table and doesn't send another waiter until I find someone myself..then doesn't bring drinks out while everyone in place is screaming drunk to the lame karaoke..after waiting forever to get food I have to take my drink to bar to ask for anther because no one will come back to out table then I ask why we haven't even gotten out appetizers to find out their going to be serving everything we ordered at once..this is crazy I've never had such horrible service with them before and have been here serval times and this will most definitely be the last time I come.
4	Out late and want something besides steggs?? Tired of waiting in those long lines when all you want to do is grab a nice late night dinner? Okay, lets skip all the ridiculous intros and get into this reviewThis place was really appealing to me for some odd reason.  A cool mechanical waterfall when you enter the restaurant, dimly lit, neon everywhere, a stage for live music and waitresses walking around with bunny ears? Definitely a place different from where I normally eat at but I do enjoy the charm. Service: Was absolutely great!  The guy we had was very cordial, made sure our glasses were always full (big plus) and was very pleasant.  Towards the end of our meal, the manager took our leftovers and personally placed them into individual boxes (YES!). Food: The sauce that accompanies a lot of the dishes I got the spring rolls which were perfectly crunchy and flaky without destroying the contents.  The drunken noodles were a yelp favorite? but really wasn't that great.  It was like a 80:20 ratio of vegetables/meat to noodles and the noodles were more like sheets.  The Thai BBQ chicken gets  flambed which is pretty freaking cool but make sure you move the chicken off the plate and onto your plate or else it'll burn the bottom.  The fried rice and pad thai looked good so i'll definitely will get those next time. Music: We had a guy playing a guitar while we were eating which was pretty charming.  Overall: Great place to eat whether it be afternoon or late night.
5	Always a good experience, the food is great and a must have is the Chang Beer Tower and the coconut tom yum soup !!
5	Delicious!!! We are visiting from Georgia and have been trying local food away from the strip. We had the Drunken Noodles and the Cashew Nut w/chicken.  Neither were spicy, but the flavors were spot on! Ambiance is nice and the setup looks like they have live music.
1	Went to Krung Siam this evening for the "final" time. I have been a loyal customer  there for a few years now and have seen the service diminish gradually over the past few months. Tonight was the final straw. The music was loud (horrible hip hop) and completely inappropriate. Additionally, we were not offered a pleasant greeting at the door / host stand or upon arrival of our server. Finally, I had enough and handed my menus to the server with the manager standing nearby. I mentioned that I was displeased with the service and the product of Krung Siam over my past few visits and would likely not return. The manager replied "We don't care"....... - perhaps I will end this review with that remark.
4	Somewhat reasonably priced considering you can sit down and get some quality food up until 5:30am. It's a very nice establishment. Nice decor & environment. The BBQ chicken was very tender and full of flavor. The sauces they include are all very tasty. The sample platter was a decent size and enough for three or four ppl to snack on. The service was great. They refilled our waters frequently and came to check on us just the right amount of times. The bathrooms were really clean too.
5	Flavors are spot on. Beautiful decor. A tad bit note expensive but worth every penny! Have had the papaya salad, pad Thai, duck curry, green curry with chicken, beef laab, crying tiger. All excellent.
2	Food was good. The male singer was good too. Everything was working out well until the female singer started singing. The happy mood we all were having suddenly turned bad. Her singing was OFF key ....  If u just have the male singer there u will have more customers who will come back!
2	The server barely spoke English but understood about 15%. He could not answer any question right?? ALL OUR DISHES CAME OUT @ the same time:Salad,Soup & main dish!!! Obviously, our soup & entree got cold, no server to be found. When I asked 1 server for a plate to cover my dishes, it never came. Food was good. Fresh spring rolls were just lettuce and thin slice of tofu, no shrimp? Soup BOWL is huge, Tom Kahn Gai. Chicken basil entree was awkward as it was minced? I don't know what was inside???? Is there a band tonight ? He didn't understand the question even though I pointed to the music area??? Weird???
3	Basil chicken, Tom Kai soup and spring rolls were great. However, NOBODY helping us spoke enough English to answer our simple questions and they put all of our dishes on the table at the same time so half our food got cold. We asked a waitress to bring us a plate to put over our main dish and she just never came back. Probably didn't even understand what we asked for. Meh.
5	Krung Siam has always given me such a great experience with every visit I've made! I'm also Thai so I'm big on Thai cuisines therefore I can say that this restaurant is a must-go-to for any Thai cravings (asides their papaya salad because it wasn't as spicy nor as juicy as it authentically could have been). The prices are reasonable, their service is consistent and welcoming, the atmosphere is mellow and professional, and their food is beyond delicious! I highly suggest this restaurant for those seeking authentic Thai entrees with a hint of fancy but good price ranges. I ordered their Tom Yum, Panang, Pad See Ew, Larb and Crying Tiger! It was so scrumptious!
3	Food is ok, service is hit or miss! Beef jerky us my favorite dish. Thai tea is not my favorite
1	My boyfriend and I used to come here from time to time since it was open late and I often crave thai food. The last experience we had would keep us from ever going back. A few weeks back, my boyfriend and I went to have a late night dinner and a drink. Upon arrival, we waited for a table to be cleaned so that we could be seated. It wasn't at all that busy but the servers were really slow. Once we were seated, we noticed a table beside us that was still waiting to be cleaned, and probably a few others as well. Make a side note of that. Anyway, we picked our drinks and food and awaited a waiter. We finally snagged one and asked if we could order our drinks. They had told us that someone would be able to get to us shortly. Waiting patiently, a waiter finally came by and took our order. We then waited for about a good 10-15 mins for our drinks until we asked the waiter where they were. He said he would check. Drinks finally came and I didn't particularly like them so I gave them both to my boyfriend. As he was drinking it I noticed something floating in the drink. I then grabbed my phone to use as a flashlight to see what was it was. THERE WERE 3-4 BUGS IN THE DRINK. Still kicking and moving around. DISGUSTING. The fact that we had taken a few sips from the drink itself completely appalled me. We returned BOTH the drinks and asked for a manager. The manager, who had actually made and delivered the drinks, had tried to convince us that they were seeds probably. Uhm, seeds don't have legs and there aren't seeds in the drinks that we ordered. The manager was very apologetic and paid for one of our meals. Still unforgiving, we wrote a little note on the receipt, didn't tip, and left knowing we would never come back. Oh, and that table beside us that was never cleaned... Never got cleaned up the entire time we were there.
3	Chicken in the Satay and the Curry was overcooked and hard...servers were rude.  Average at best.
1	Nice decor. Really only reason I'm posting this is its 11am they are open they didn't answer the phone when I called 8 times.  So had to drive down there to put my order in then they were rude and nasty about placing my order so yea customer service sucks big time
2	I've drove by this place many times on my way home and today I finally decided to stop here and try their food.  I ordered my thai favorite tom yum soup and the seafood delight. The soup wasn't the best I've ever had and the sad part is that I've had better tom yum soup at my own kitchen, the soup was too sweet for my taste. The seafood delight was kind of good, some kind a mixture of fruit of the sea mixed with Asian vegetables served on a sizzling plate and a side of steamed rice, not bad food but nothing that would make me make that illegal u turn on valley view again. The price you pay for the food should come with better than fast food restaurant service but that's just what we got. Waitress took our order delivered the food and we were left on our own for the rest of the meal, not even checked on us once. By the end of the meal I was chewing on ice to help me swallow the rest of my food. I even had to do that embarrassing signature on the air to get the check and signed it while the dirty plates were still on the table. I started to wonder if I had to pick the plates up on my way out. As we left no one said thank you........is it asking for too much after leaving 20% tip for no service?If I ever go back I'll make sure I go there during karaoke time and sing gangnam style as their punishment!
5	Great Lunch Specials.  When my family visits Vegas, we always come here at least twice.  It is such a refreshing change of pace from the vegas strip.  Similar dishes at Bally's were $18 each and my family of three ate for that same price.The Panang Curry and Green Curry were solid.If you have a rental car in vegas, this is where to grab lunch once, save some cash and go gamble more.
1	The food was so bad there it's not even funny. Almost every dish has the same vegetable assortment and taste. The drunken noodle there was the worst one I've ever tasted. The fish didn't taste fresh to us, and they serve skimpy portion dishes. In addition, the bathroom was very filthy. Will never re-visit again.
5	So me and my colleagues were here at like 1am in the morning and were were famished after a long day at work and this was one of the few places that were opened in chinatown so we decided to pop in and take a look.At first look, this place looked more like a pub than anything else so i was feeling quite shady about the food. I ordered a Thai Red Curry to-go and the waitress/bartender took my order to the kitchen. We waited for about 15minutes for our food to be ready, quite fast considering its 1am in the morning and in between, th waitress even served us iced water! The place was playing thai music videos off youtube on a tv screen and it just kind of creates a very relaxing atmosphere.Well back to the food, back at the hotel, when i opened my container of Thai Red Curry, i was immediately overwhelmed by the smell of red curry and i knew i hadn't made a wrong choice coming. The curry was thick and rich, and the serving was generous, there were lots of meat and potatoes inside the curry, enough to fill my famished stomach. The jasmine rice they used for the steamed rice was of a good quality the portion was also large. My stomach was very happy after that:)
5	Lunch Menu...Lunch Menu....Lunch Menu!!! I cannot believe I have yet to review this place. My co-wrokers and I go to this establishment at least once or twice per week. The food is very good and the service is prompt. We can typically get in and out in about 30 minutes. The best part of this place though is the price, especially at lunch. They have a phenomenal lunch menu with entrees starting at 5.99 with soup and rice. The soft drinks, thai teas, lemonade, regular teas are $1 (with all except thai tea getting free refills). Usually three of us can eat for about 25.00 total including tip. Very affordable and very good, that gets five stars in my book! We will definitely be back (probably this week).
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant everytime I come they treat like family! Plus the food is amazing! !
5	Real tasty, very good quality , close to the strip.....dishes are about 10-11$ average and I could not find similar taste and quality at this price in Vegas. There is no wait time ( compared to Lotus of siam which is usually an hour or more) .
3	solid thai food and live entertainment
3	So the "oh crap" feeling hit me the minute we walked into the restaurant & I noticed the majority of the diners were non Asian.  This is not good especially for a restaurant in Chinatown.  To me, that generally means the food is not authentic, that it is watered down for the American palette.  Coincidentally, My friend is white & she believes there is some truth to that.  We ordered the Chicken Larb salad, Garlic and pepper chicken & the drunken noodle, all medium spicy.  The food was okay.  Of the 3 dishes, only the drunken noodle packed a punch in the spicy dept.  The other 2 were barely hot.  The Lard salad & garlic pepper chicken were unremarkable & sort of bland.  The decor was very pleasant.  The servers were very nice, all smiles & stuff.  Excellent customer service was delivered to us.  Our server came over to check on us about 5 times, asking how we liked the food & if she could get us anything else.  We thought this level of customer service would not be found in your average restaurant in Chinatown where the primary clientele was Asians.  There, it is sit down, eat your food and get out lol
4	Grilled SQUID Is good!!  Beginning of chinatown approximately a mile from the steip.Price is cheap when compared to food on the strip. Everything we ordered is good. My daughter loved the satay beef with peanut sauce. Crab fried rice is awesome.
4	Most items are very good. Having eaten in the home country, I think my idea of how it should be is pretty accurate. The staff is all Thai which is a good sign, obviously, that you'll get authentic food. Karaoke and live music on different nights. Great for dates but be prepared to pay a little extra. Can become pricey. A couple things that I've never heard of before I tried and was not impressed. But everything else is really good. Stick with what you know and you should be fine. Cool atmosphere and easy to find.
1	Worst food terrible service and was forced to listen to the worst music ever created by a live singer hired to torture our earsI could not wait to get out of here.If there were negative stars for this reviewIt would be warranted
3	They deliver. In vegas. to your room. Well practically. The guy went to the elevators and waited for me to get the piping hot Drunken Noodles and spicy pork basil and angel wings. It was $30 incuding the $2 delivery fee and left my belly nice and full with enough grease to soak up the liquor. The wings were a little on the sweet side for my liking but the rest of the food was particulary tasty and HOT (temperature and spice - but bc I asked for it to be)
3	Today was the 30th anniversary of when I moved to Las Vegas so me and my friend Tony came here around 8:30 pm.Let me preface this review by saying that I'm not a huge aficionado of Thai food.I like Chinese food and sushi more.But anyway,we came here and it was a mixed bag,which is why I'm giving it 3 stars:not bad enough to get 1 star nor great enough to get 5 stars.Good points include:I enjoyed the live singer and his older songs from the 60s,70s and 80s were perfect for me.The place had a decent,modern look.I ordered a Thai Iced tea which I enjoyed.The service was good.The food quality seemed adequate.But I'm not real knowledgeable  about Thai food,so I can't say for sure.Bad points include:The place is very dimly lit.It was tough to read the menu,plus there was a transparent plastic sheet on the menu which tended to distort the menu.The prices are slightly higher than I am comfortable paying.The portions could have been a bit larger.The last Thai restaurant I went to was Thai place in Target Shopping Center on Flamingo and Maryland.While it is not a fancy place by any stretch of the imagination  (most people would consider it a "hole in the wall") ,the qualityand quantity of the food seemed much better.(I'm talking about a simplePad Thai dish in both cases.) The price was lower there,too.One of the biggest turn offs that both my friend and I experienced was when thefood server brought the check while I was still eating and asked if we could pay it right away.That seemed to us like a combination of being rushed and being distrusted.While we all know that feelings are very subjective and that might not have been the servers intent,that's how we took it.It definitely rubbed us the wrong way.I might come back here again,but I won't go out of my way.If you feel like eatinghere,by all means try it.You'll probably like it.In this review,I was just attemptingto share with you what my experience was like.I've had better and I've had worse.Good luck to you if you eat here and I'm not saying that in a sarcastic way.
1	This is what you'd expect from Thai food.. that's just it.  It's pricey and there was nothing special about it, otherwise I wouldn't notice the first part.  I got pork yellow curry and thai iced tea.  It didn't come out hot. I can't even remember what my coworkers got and I felt kind of bad suggesting this place for lunch.  The food isn't bad, it's just not memorable.  I also had some weird pseudo staring contest with one of the servers cause she kept looking over at us and they were kind of rushing us to leave when we were trying to relax in the middle of a tech convention.  If I didn't find it highly entertaining at the time I probably would have been angry.
5	Always delicious! Hot, fresh and made to order! I have eaten there, gotten take out and delivery and never been disappointed! If you done in, they have karaoke!!! :) There is lots of Asian restaurants to choose from in this town, especially on Spring Mtn and I always choose Krung Siam!
4	This is the most beautiful Thai restaurant I have ever been to in Las Vegas. The interior is so chic and literally looks like a 5 star restaurant. I gave 4 stars for the service, and their terrible alcohol! Probably the strongest, worst tasting cocktails I have ever tasted. Their food is incredible though and I have never had a bad food experience here! Highly recommend their dishes :)
5	Lmao fml well played Krung Siam. Halloween decorations in hallway got me. For sense of humor a million stars haha
4	Have been a returning customer since I moved to Vegas.Since the first time I came here, I was treated with awesome hospitality and lots of respect. I was attended to as soon as I sat at the bar and scanned the menu. I ordered myself a New Castle on tap and proceeded to order a 'Moo Yang' (BBQ'd pork served atop a bed of greens and spicy dipping sauce). It was delicious. I've ate this same dish in many Thai restaurants and it's cool to know that there are many types of ways to make this. Throughout my whole visit, they catered to my every need and checked up on me in a decent manner. I will definitely keep going back to experience the same satisfaction I always leave with.
5	Who doesn't love Thai food that's open till 5 am in Vegas? Sometimes live music. They actually make the food spicy. I usually order papaya salad, basil, and cashew chicken. Quite tasty. Service is usually solid and quick. Good atmosphere. Wish they'd build one in Henderson. Probably my fav Thai spot in Vegas.
4	Arrived for lunch during the week. Parking ready accessible due to the large lot shared with other businesses. Once entering I was seated at my choice of a large table next to a power outlet. I went with the green chicken curry lunch special that included soup. The curry was mildly spicy and the veggies weren't overcooked - a good thing, sauce was perfectly textured and all the chicken was lean white meat.The Thai ice tea was refreshing and thirst quenching and service was solid.  The dinning area is decorated tastefully and there's a small stage area for live music in one part of the large dinning room.I really enjoyed my dinning experience here for lunch and will be returning here for sure.
4	3.5 stars rounded upTheir lunch specials (M-Th or F, 11am-3pm) are the best - you can choose chicken, beef, or veggies with an entree and prices are determined by choices of meat - chicken is $5.99 and I forget the rest. Thai Iced Tea is $1.00 during their lunch special too which can't be beat.My favorite entrees are the Pad Thai or the Drunken Noodle. Yellow curry isn't bad either.When it's not lunch special time, entrees are pretty pricey. The pad thai and/or pad-see-ew can be at least $9.99 but they open until 4am-6am which means they are always an option to eat at. Will recommend for lunch specials and be kept in my book
5	Awesome atmosphere great food. Place is welcoming, live music, attractive staff. In the mood for Thai food in the middle of the night, this place would be it. Could get crowded at times but the wait is not long. Have a beer at the bar at wait! "nOM Nom " !
4	This is my favorite spot for Thai food in Vegas. I eat here often. The food is great, and the wait staff is friendly - but could be a little more attentive. However, the food is always on point !
4	I am a fan of Thai food and have been frequenting competitors in the area for years. My girlfriend and I have been to krung a few times for lunch.  I thought the food was great! I decided to return for dinner and introduce my husband to this place. To my surprise their was a live one man band.. He sang beautiful music the entire time we were seated enjoying our dinner. We loved the food and thought the amazing voice of the entertainment really took a small place with great food to another level. After finishing dinner we moved to the bar continued listing and watched as some of the other patrons began dancing.. this food is great! The food is fresh, it's priced just right and the service was perfect. We will be returning soon!!!
4	Our group had  the worst hangover, and we did not have the energy to drive off the strip to get some authentic Asian food. Found this place on yelp and the fact that they delivered was God sent! Food was delicious. With the food being spicy, we definitely sweated out all of our toxins from the night before. Food was on the pricier side but it definitely beats room service and having to leave our hotel. Thank you!!
1	I'm sorry, they don't even deserve one star. We used to come here often because the food was good and prices were 'OK'. A few months ago we had ordered some pad Thai and the sauce came out tasting like BBQ sauce. We asked for a new dish and they said NO THATS HOW IT IS SUPPOSED TO BE. Wow, they couldn't even offer anything else.They charge over $12 for a main dinner entree which doesn't even amount to a lunch PORTION. They skimp you on everything. We went back last week and I ordered drunken noodles lunch special. They now charge $8.99 for it and its a BENTO BOX. I literally got 3 pieces of broken up noodles with 4 pieces of shrimp and a side of rice. Its not supposed to come with rice but they did it to make up for the noodles...so why even call it a noodle dish? It ended up being mostly veggies too. We send it back and they just took off the rice portion and added maybe a spoonful of noodles! It was a WTF moment.I highly suggest you stay away if you've had real Thai food and don't want to pay $12+ for a tiny dish! Their service and food has gone downhill. They are robbing customers for $$!
4	This is one of my favorite Thai lunch locations. Parking is never an issue since they share private parking lot with other businesses.  My order was the boat noodle soup and a Thai ice tea. The soup arrived quickly and contained hot and spicy rice noodle soup with rare steak, beef stew, beef balls, liver and tendon. The broth was so yummy and tasty! I thought I was back in Phuket Thailand. This place is underrated compared to some other popular Thai restaurants in L.V. They offer live entertainment in the evenings. They also accept credit cards and the service here is exceptional!
1	Crispy fish is soggy but the drunken noodle is good. The Tom yum came out not cooked.. The worse of all is the bathroom. It is so grossed! Worse than Walmart. For this I am not coming back
4	Delish.Dark, dim interior - and open 24 hours.Prices for entrees/main courses are pricier than other Thai eateries, but I liked the ambiance - so I didn't mind!Ordered the Drunken Noodles, on a '8' spice scale - for me that was nothing, I should have ordered a 10 spice dish to actually feel a kick!Noodles are flavorful, with plenty of veggies - and service was quick. Our food came out in just a few minutes!They also have a bar at the side,  as well as a "karaoke/live band" stage in the center. Bathrooms are located at the far back, through a lengthy hallway!
4	Great late night spot.  I love going here on weekday nights since they're open until pretty much forever. Dark and dim atmosphere, very relaxing.  Free entertainment (sometimes)  Overall, food is always excellent, servers are very attentive. A little bit pricier than other thai restaurants, but for the ambiance it's expected.  Not too much of a difference in price to even make a fuss over anyways.  I recommend this place to anyone when everything else is closed.  The karaoke stage area is a nice touch.  I enjoy this spot. Good food, good service, weird music sometimes though.
4	As I have never eaten Thai food I wouldn't know authentic from unauthentic, but I still know what tastes good. I order the Thai duck curry which was very good. The soup was a perfect balance of sweet coconut milk and curry flavor. Not too sweet and not too curryish. The duck was good although there was alot of skin included. My father ordered the Thai BBQ which came out fajita style  the bottom of the Cornish hen was slightly burnt due to the hot iron but the flavor was still excellent. Also the raspberry sweet tea is especially good. Overall I'd say that this was a great first Thai experience. The food great and the service excellent.
5	best thai in US!
4	Good food! Try papaya salad and Garlic fried shrimp.My favorite location for special event.But service is not always good.Avoid busy time! You have to wait tooooo long!
1	They mess up orders Every. Single. Time. Today was spicy instead of mild. This is a really common mistake And, no lid on the sweet sauce for crab rangoons. (Well concealed a styrofoam container, inside a tied plastic bag.) It took nothing to spill and get a sticky mess on everything.This kind of thing has happened too often to not be intentional.Dinner specials are way overpriced. Along with the weekend pricing. Staff takes forever to help.This once was a good restaurant. I'm sorry to see it turn into such a mess.
1	I have ate there at least 8 times before this visit and had a decent experience every time. But consistency is really the key, I prefer a place that is always C than a place that is 98% A+ and 2% F. I used to order the tom yum soup with shrimp, which I always liked with spicy level 6. Not too spicy, not too mild for my taste. This last time, I'm ordering for the table, so I ask for less spicy than normal at 5, it's comes so ridiculously spicy that is not possible to eat it. I think okay, maybe only the mistake is in the soup, but when the food came with spicy levels of 4-6, same thing. MUCH MUCH hotter than my previous experiences (the previous time, maybe the prior week)As the result, my friends have stomach pain all morning today.   In addition to that, our waitress was very very rude - showing us lots of attitude. They bring one of our plates 15 minutes before the other ones. I handed her my plate, and asked her if she could bring it with the rest of the food, and she literally rolled her eyes and left the plate down. Later on, she pours the soup on a friend, and doesn't even apologize. Unbelievable. You might ask, why didn't you ask them to take the spicy food back to the kitchen. Because the waitress was so unaccommodating that we didn't feel like that is an option.It really sounds I'm making this up or exaggerating, right? This many bad things can't happen all on the same day, you'd say. There might have been something wrong with this dude and his friends. Trust me, it was worse than I explained. I have eaten out most nights last 7-8 years, and this was the very first time I left $0 tip, and that was before hearing of stomach problem of my friends this morning.To be fair and give benefit of the doubt, this was the night before Christmas, and they might have been out of their usual staff.
3	One of the better thai food place in las vegas, super fast and friendly service, food taste just right. Serving is on the small side and pricey for a thai reataurant.
1	Beef salad: too salty and chewyPineapple fried rice: too sweetPanang curry: sauce is good, but pork is chewySmall portion over all. Not recommended
2	We found this place in a whim.  Wanted something fast but not pho.  We were seated right away, which accounts for that one star.  Then the food came pretty fast, which accounts for another star.  However, the food were cold, didn't seem very "freshly cooked".  The other issue I had was the customer service, my children are 8 and 6, without asking, the server lady immediately gave them plastic spoons and forks and plastic plates. When I asked if they can have metal forks bc those plastic ones aren't very sturdy , she said "No".  I asked her why, she replied "they will break stuff".  I think she meant I wanted plates to be porcelains ----I told her she can keep the plastic plates,but I prefer the metal forks.  She then has to go ask the manager then came back with them.  Seriously?
4	Visiting Vegas, was in the mood for late night Thai food. Found Krung Siam on Yelp and decided to give them a try. I called for delivery, and they weren't sure at first if they could deliver to the hotel I was at(Marriott Grand Chateau) After confirming they could deliver that far, I decided to try the Basil Fried Rice and the BBQ Thai Chicken. Literally after I called, it took them an amazing 20 minutes to deliver the food, while estimating 45 minutes! The food quality was pretty good as well, and not overly expensive for the amount of food. The only thing was when I ordered how spicy I wanted the fried rice to be, I ordered a 10 on a 1-10 scale, and wasn't too spicy, but that might just be me. Overall, great find. Great portion sizes for a reasonable price, and FAST delivery.
3	I wanted to update this review because Krung Siam has made some changes and has really brought down my thoughts of this place. The main thing is they have changed the Lunch Menu that my coworkers and I loved so much. They increased the price two dollars and turned them into bento boxes. The added a side (crab rangoon or spring roll) and a salad. They also increased the price of the drinks to $2. I personally did not experience a difference in quality in the food but two of my coworkers complained that the dishes they normally get had changed in flavor and were not as good. They also dropped a couple favorites. I enjoyed the addition of the crab rangoon and would have been okay with the salad but the dressing is not very good. The main difference is that where my coworkers and I would visit this place for lunch once and maybe twice per week, we have begun looking for other options.  I hate it but it looks like we won't be visiting as much in the future.
1	This place has the worst waitress ever!! New, the waitress was very rude and came off cold. When we came in it was busy and we asked her how long the wait was and she just snapped at us and said " i dunno" in a very rude manner. She sat us down 25 minutes later and when we were ordering I said I want some thai coffee no milk. Then she gave me this look and didn't even acknowledge me. Then I ordered eggplant. She then says " what meat do you want" and I said " it comes with meat"? Then she looks at me like I'm retarded and snaps " if you don't like meat you don't have to order it with meat". The food was average and I would not recommend this restaurant to anybody.
4	Best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. Good prices and wonderful staff. Casual environment with a nice stage for bands to play. All good comes in levels of spiciness. 5 is a good level to begin with if you enjoy spicy food; their levels run on the spicy side so 6 will be what is a normal 8. I highly recommend the panang curry and the Thais beef salad.
3	Very Americanized thai food! I would recommend: Weera Thai or Thai Style Noodle House. I had the panang curry and it was very bland... if you are not used to spicy food or if you don't really like authentic Thai then this place is probably best for you. If you are used to eating a lot of asian food and like a little spice, try somewhere else.
1	Finally check this place out, herd great things. Bad move for lunch today and I am still feeling it. Service was very poor and the food was bad. The only possible was the Crab Rangoon Too bad this is my first review on Yelp. $89 lunch wast of money. The one star was because I had to do it.
4	Good Thai Food, the lunch specials are great but they get very busy at lunch so make sure you get there early before 11:30am or after 12:30pm or you will be waiting for a while, this place is a great value enjoy!!
2	The food is amazing, but the service is so terrible that I had to lower them to 2 stars. I could list all the issues we had but who has time for that? Plus they play music so ridiculously loud that my girlfriend and I were yelling across the table at each other to even remotely hear each other, mind you, this is a restaurant, not a nightclub. Good food but I will not be returning.
