1	It literally just took me an half a hour to order two burgers, two fries, two bottled waters and two ice teas. A half a hour! How? Well, I went over to this place and was met by a woman that could barely speak English and could apparently understand even less. I wondered what the hold up was and I see that the problem was car after car having to explain themselves repeatedly to get their point across.Yet, this person is handling the drive thru. It is crazy. I mean, I could care less what anyone speaks but if you are running a Wendy's and at the restaurant English speakers are coming in, it would seem to me that you would have someone at the window that speaks English.Anyway, the Ice tea was cool and the natural cut fries were great. The burger though, well, I think it needs a bit of help. The bacon just left a bad taste in my mouth. All and all I'd say pass on this Wendys.
4	I feel bad that the only review is a one star, and though Ive only been here this one time, and it was at the drive thru, i thought id add that my service was good. The guy at the window spoke english and explained the difference between two burgers well. I got exactly what i ordered, it was a special burger too (plain), and it was fast. So Id give it four stars.
2	This Wendy's is located between work and where I go after work, haha, and its not that bad, sometimes.......  I have been to this location multiple time, thus the dukedom but unfortunately its more about location and accessability than service (and isn't it true that's the case with most everything these days "/) but I digress, the wait times are longer than average when you dine in or even if you go through the drive thru, and that makes me sad.  The only reason this place is getting two stars is the fact that I know that I will probably be back there, another thing that makes me sad.  There is hope though, every once in a while I get pretty good service so the silver lining is there but hopefully that shines through more often than not!  We will see as I said before I will be back and hopefully they suprise me in a good way!
2	You don't expect much when you go to Wendy's, despite what their commercials tell you however when I ordered the Caesar Salad I couldn't stop laughing, I wish I was joking but it was lettuce, lemon pepper sauce, and one tomato. That poor bastard. That lonely tomato. He tried his best to hide under the pile of lettuce but it was no use. What kind of salad has one tomato. I would almost prefer no tomatoes by that point. You couldn't throw in some carrot sticks. I don't even need whole carrots, just some shavings would have been fine.At least I got a good laugh for my meal at Wendy's.
1	we went there the other night and we were going from the drive through, first they got our order wrong, instead of substituting my fries with chillies they added an extra chilli to my order. when i told them they got my order wrong, the manager on the inside rolled his eyes and was bitching to the employee cause he needs to void the transaction now... while i can hear the conversation clearly... while we were waiting for the employee to fix our order the manager ran out side to help the car behind us in order to "help" the service time... but by doing so his ass was right infront of my face because he was talking to the employees through the window... and he did not say sorry or acknowledge us being there by his not so sexy ass... i just left without getting my food... never have i felt so disrespected by a manager that was so unprofessional and rude by sticking his ass by my car window in front of my ass... i wish i could leave a negative star review for this place!
3	Service: Great. The servers at the drive thru were nice, and our food was ready for us when we got to the window. Price: $10 for two burgers is pretty expensive.. not including drinks or a combo. Food: We got two of the new ciabatta bacon cheeseburgers, and I thought they were really good. I probably won\t buy it again though, just because of the price.
