1	Update 9/25/07 - Received a phone call from a salon manager today.  The $85 I spent to get my haircut corrected (not to mention the time) will not be reimbursed.  She stated over and over again how they offer a 100% guarantee...apparently not.  She just didn't understand why I wasn't willing to risk yet another haircut with them.  I told her I just didn't have faith in their services.  I don't think you should either...Update 9/20/07 - I got another cut and color in August.  Color was wonderful as always.  Cut was atrocious.  It was kinda in the $8 super cuts range.  I hardly trusted them to give it another go.  If you did this once, why would I let you take scissors up again?  So, I headed to Rolf's and $85 later, I had a real haircut and style.  Sent a letter to the management of the salon...still waiting to hear back from them...
4	I've been going to Salon Estique for about four years now. I don't go as often as I'd like, mostly because my hair grows really slowly, but each time I do go I always get a fantastic cut & style. Katrina has been my stylist since my first visit, and she is wonderful.  She is professional and very attentive and conscientious of my hair-cutting needs.The people that work at Salon Estique are also very professional and customer-oriented.  My first visit there, the appointment before mine ran late, and I had to wait about 1/2 hour more past my appointment time.  To  make it up to me, they gave me a certificate for a free massage!  They also have a referral program where they give you $20 gift certificates to give to friends, and for each referral, you get a gift from the salon the next time you come in. Now that is what I call great customer service.It is unfortunate that the other person who reviewed Salon Estique had a bad experience with the salon. I'd say definitely give them another try, and next time ask for Katrina!
4	I was very nervous to try a salon in Phoenix. I'm not sure if it's the cost of maintaining ones hair in a large city or trying a new stylist that frightened me more. I was getting a pedicure next door at V-K Elle Nails when a woman asked another woman where she got her hair done. She did have super cute hair and when she stated "next door at Salon Estique" I was excited to check them out after my pedi. The salon was busy even at 12:30p on a Monday. The gal at the front desk was friendly and helped me book an appointment for the next day. She also gave me a $20 off coupon for being a first time client. I scheduled a color with Meg and I was briefed on Meg's prices. $70 for an all over color and $80 for highlights. The end result was me needing both an all over color AND highlights, so at $150 I was glad I had that $20 off coupon. It will take some getting used to paying this for color in Phoenix. If that was the negative, then everything else was a positive. Meg was very friendly and walked me through what she was going to do as well as why she needed to do the all over color to correct the red that I badly wanted gone. She assured me that next time I would need to only do the highlights. My whole experience was a good one at Salon Estique- clean, semi-trendy atmosphere, professional staff, top notch service, and a great end result. My hair turned out beautiful and I got a few compliments that night. I plan to return in February for my next visit.
5	I love Salon Estique!  I agree with Tracy, Katrina is very good.  But being a Master Stylist, I felt she was overbooked and always seemed rushed (juggling multiple clients at once).  Her prices are also higher than a regular stylist.  I've switched to another stylist who rocks (but you aren't getting her name because I like her NOT being overly busy).  For the price I pay for my hair, I want my stylist's full attention.    Salon Estique has great management that understand what customers want.  They have a fun referral program and new clients also get a cool card with discounts on various things during your first 5 visits.  The salon is very nice and employees are all very helpful.  They have yummy cookies and drinks complimentary.  Yeah, complimentary wine with your hair cut- how can you complain about that?My favorite part?  Every hair treatment comes with a fabulous scalp massage!  There's nothing quite like a scalp massage to take away the stresses of the day.
4	I don't come here for hair but I do come for the facials and waxing.  Liz is awesome!!  She's a true professional who seems to enjoy her job and gives great advice for types of products that would be beneficial for you without trying to sell you on a bunch of unnecessary stuff you don't need. When she recommends a product she is respectful of budget considerations.  Plus she does great eyebrow waxing!!I have a friend who had her brows butchered by someone so I was really apprehensive about going somewhere for that.  Ever since I found Liz I love my brows.  They're not too thin and they've got a great fullness and arch to them.  Liz is awesome!
5	Honestly, this place is really great. As usual, I'll do my good and bad points.Good/great/amazing- The service here is top-notch. If you've ever been somewhere where they don't pay attention to you, this is the opposite. Every ten minutes someone was asking me if I wanted something to drink (such as wine), a hand massage, or something to read. At one point my stylist even offered to get me something from AJ's because I mentioned I was hungry.- Hair/facialI went here to get a haircut, highlights, and a facial. The facial took nearly an hour and she really went to town on my face. Liz, the one who worked on my face, knew my problem areas even before I mentioned them. For the frugal yelpers out there (I'm one of them) there isn't too much pressure to get any of the products they use. At least, it's not annoying enough for you to say "Ugh, stop!" but just enough to get you to think. I did get one of the recommended face products and it really does work (even on my more oily than texas skin).My stylist was a nice lady whose name begins with the eighth letter of the alphabet (should you want to go to her). When I got there, my hair was two-toned and very boring without any style. I spoke to her about what I wanted and nearly three hours later (and one other visit to add a few more highlights) she had turned my sad sally hair into something that I actually want to comb and style everyday. I will go back to her as often as I can mostly because my hair finally looks great.The not so great:Pricey? Yes. If you're a poor grad student like me, it will be expensive. Overall: This salon is great. It is a bit pricey so I can't go back every six weeks since that would require cutting my grocery budget and/or driving. Service is amazing, they really pay attention to you, and they will leave you with great hair. My stylist really was wonderful. Bonus: I forgot their 100% guarantee. If you're even remotely not happy, as in, 90% happy but you really want your bangs a quarter inch shorter or one more highlight, they will do it. For free.
4	My daughter and I love Liz! She does a wonderful facial and wonderful massage during the facial. A few days after the facial, my skin always looks awesome. My daughter will only get her eye brows done by Liz!!
4	After some time away and a bad haircut (somewhere else), I returned to Salon Estique for an up-do on my 30th birthday. I was not happy with a sylist's work, but that person has since left.  I was not planning on getting my hair done and at the last minute said, "self, you're only 30 once, splurge and get your hair did!". So I got in with Hollis, a very nice stylist there. She listened to what I was wanting and produced a fabulous look for my big night. My style was $50, which I felt was a little steep, considering that I really don't have much hair. Regardless, I looked and felt great all night long. Since February, I've returned to Hollis for my cuts and color. She is very friendly and is easy to talk to. And not just about what I want with my hair. She has many years of experience and I feel like I can really trust her. The salon itself is nice enough. Well laid out and friendly staff, without being too trendy and making you feel out of place. They offered me wine while sitting under the dryer once or twice, but not every time I'm there. They also stand by their services and if you are not happy, they will do it again until you are happy, free of charge. I experienced this when I wasn't completely happy with a cut. Hollis trimmed a bit more off the back and I was a happy camper. The only complaint I have is that they seem to book their stylists a bit tight and one or two other (typically very young) girls will assist while my stylist is off helping someone else. If I am paying top dollar for my services, I should be getting experienced professionals adding color to my hair. Shampooing is one thing, I understand that, but I prefer one person to perform my actual service. (cut, color) All in all, I enjoy my experience and end results each time at Salon Estique. I would recommend them to anyone who lives in this area. Ten minutes from my home is just an added perk!
5	I've been to Arturo at Salon Estique for gel nail polish a few times now. I absolutely love the gel polish as it is so durable and stays shiney for 2 to 3 weeks. Arturo makes my nails beautiful and is so detail oriented. He is also as quick as anybody can be with the gel polish system. Salon Estique is not the least expensive place that you can gel the gel polish but Arturo is worth the extra $$. Moreover, I find the salon to be very professional and really well run. They want you to be a happy customer. Give him a try if you are wanting to try the new gel polish.
5	I love Faye for facials! She is awesome! She is professional, knowledgable, and well worded. Her facial massage is just wonderful. She takes care of any issues with my skin and suggests product that is appropriate but is not pushy. I would suggest her to anyone , any day of the week!
3	Salon Estique is very close to my home, and I have been here three times.  I definitely have mixed reviews.  I have always enjoyed my cut/color, but never loved it.  What most annoys me about this place, and what sent me looking for a different salon is that they overbook their stylists.  This means the client gets assistants doing a lot of the work.  The assistants finish the foils, wash your hair, check on the color, and blow dry your hair.  It has always taken three hours.  Frankly, I don't have time for this; and at these prices, I don't want to share my stylist.  Also, while I have never hated my cut/color, I have also never really loved them.  At first, I thought I might have better luck if I went to a different stylist.  However, during my second visit, my original stylist went out of her way to come over to where I was to say hello.  I felt extremely guilty, and never felt comfortable switching stylists after that experience.  I have since switched to an aveda salon, and have found a stylist that I love that does my hair for $50 cheaper and she does it in a mere two hours.
5	Finally!  I look gorgeous!  And I owe it all to Hollis and the Salon Estique staff.  My hair color was faded to a single color that doesn't exist in nature (but resembled applesauce) and my cut was dated and made me feel dowdy.  Luckily, I was rescued by Hollis and she added dimensional highlights and low lights to give my hair a natural, shiny color.  I live in Tucson and even with the cost of gasoline, I plan on driving up to Phoenix to see Hollis every six weeks. Hollis really listened and recommended wonderful hair products.  Her assistant was completely professional and at no time did I feel ignored by Hollis, as I had the most wonderful scalp and hand massage from this nice gentleman. I feel so great about my hair and about myself!   A million thanks to Hollis and the entire salon!
5	They always do everything right. That's all I need to say!
5	A couple of years ago, I made the mistake of trying to go blond via an at-home dye job.  The first attempt resulted in pinkish hair and utter horror.  A second try got my hair to blond(ish) and so I resigned myself to that. Then I had to go get a haircut.  I saw my stylist, Kelsey, at Salon Estique and she immediately noticed the change.  She ever-so-subtly and kindly made me realize that at-home-blond just doesn't work and then worked out a plan with me to highlight my hair into submission while staying in my meager price range (who wants to spend boatloads of money on hair?!).  So, I paid the extra $30 (compared to the price of coloring at home) and I couldn't be happier!  Kelsey's proven to me time and again that I can really trust her to get my color JUST RIGHT and it always grows out gracefully, too.The prices are comparable to any other upper end salon I've seen and the experience is worth every penny.  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my color.
5	I've been on a search for a regular stylist since I moved to PHX five years ago, and I think I finally found one.  I heard of Estique from a friend of mine. I always admired her hairstyle and, seeing that her hair is similar to mine in texture, I asked her who her stylist was.  I figured since our hair texture was similar, if she was able to give my friend a great cut, then she would be able to do the same for me.  Her stylist was Alicia at Estique.When I came in for my appointment I was immediately greeted and offered a beverage and a tour of the salon.  Interesting, I thought.  It was the first time in my life that I ever got a tour of a salon.  It was nice, but not something I expected. There were some other unexpected, somewhat interesting things, that threw me a bit.  For example, I was offered referral cards with a $20 discount, frequent customer card, menu of services, etc. in a very large, although beautiful, bag.  I thought it was a nice gesture but felt that the bag was a bit much.  IDK...could just be me.  I think I would have preferred that all of the stuff, which were basically various pieces of paper, was given to me tucked into a nice, small, elegant folder that I can just slide into my purse.  Alicia was awesome and so was her assistant.  I was totally on the mark about her being able to cut my hair in a way that was appropriate for my texture. I am Korean and I have the typical straight, course, thick "Asian hair." I have also discovered that many stylist in PHX do not know how to  properly cut my type of hair.  So, I was thrilled to find that Alicia knew what techniques were best.  Yes, razor please. I had brought in several pictures of different styles I liked and she helped me decide on one that would work with what I currently had.  She was honest about her opinion and I totally appreciated it.   The cut was one of the best I have gotten in PHX so far, very close to the style that I wanted.  The only difference was that mine was a slightly shorter version since my hair was initially shorter than the length in the picture to begin with.  So, it was to be expected and not anyone's fault.  But I think it will come to look more and more like the style in the photo as my hair grows out. Yay!  You can tell how well a style has been cut by how well it grows out.  If it grows out beautifully, then there was a significant amount of skill and attention involved. I think this will grow out very nicely.  I also appreciated the fact that she finished my cut after blow drying it.  I think dry cutting is one of the best techniques for making sure the hairstyle will look great even without any "styling."  If your stylists needs to do too much to your hair to make it look good after the cut, then you did not get a good cut.Her assistant was great too.  I received a wonderful head/scalp massage while she washed my hair.  Then, she massaged my arms and hands while I got my hair cut.  Very relaxing.I also received a follow-up phone call from Adrianne a few days after my visit.  At the time, I was not quite sure if there was a slight problem with my cut. It was slightly asymmetrical; one side being slightly longer and fuller than the other. I'm kind of finicky about my cut and I didn't know if it was just me, but I mentioned it to Adrianne and she promptly made a follow-up appointment for me to see Alicia about the issue I had/possibly had.  She also informed me that they offer all there clients a free follow-up appointment to make any adjustments to their cuts within two weeks of the date of the cut.  Good to know.  But, later I came to the conclusion that it was just me and that the slight asymmetry suited me better, so I canceled my follow-up.  I tried to simulate a more symmetrical style in front of a mirror and realized that it didn't look that good.  LOL.  I guess it makes sense, our faces are not very symmetrical to begin with, so having a symmetrical hair style might not be the best for everyone.    All-in-all, I had a great experience with Alicia at Estique.  I will be seeing her again next time I need a cut.  Five stars for a great cut, awesome customer service, and a very reasonable price! I paid a total of $67, which included a $20 tip for Alicia, $10 tip for her assistant, plus a $20 new client discount.  I don't normally tip that extravagantly, but since I got a discount, I figured why not after the great experience I received.I am definitely looking forward to my next visit!
5	BEST SALON EVER. I've been to a lot of places around the Valley and none have ever compared to Salon Estique. I'm super picky, and pretty knowledgable about color and cuts since I've experimented a lot with my hair. I've gotten a cut and partial weave here numerous times with great results. What's more - the front desk girls are VERY helpful and sweet. Actually, the whole staff pretty much treats customers like they are royalty. They are all really nice and unpretentious - which is a nice change of pace. The salon is on a teamwork system, so they help each other out to make sure they are not holding you up or running late. Also- they seem to have a lot of availability and are easier to get in to than most places I've gone to.I highly recommend this place. I've never had a nicer experience. Whatever the owners are doing - it's working.
5	I was looking for a haircut near my home in central Phoenix and found Salon Estique on Yelp.  They had excellent reviews so I made an appointment for later that day.I was really impressed with the treatment (massage, consultation, execution, aftercare, etc.) and am looking forward to coming back again!  Plus, they carry my favorite product (at the moment), Mitch by Paul Mitchell.If you're looking for a relaxing salon with a great staff of friendly, knowledgable people, you should try this business!
4	I would probably go back here again. I had a stylist with an assistant and def felt like they were paying attention to me since there was 2 ppl. I got drinks, food, magazines, and massages with the haircut since it was my first time. I loved the style and color I got and happily wore it out for my birthday. They also have some good coupons and discounts. It isn't cheap though, don't get me wrong so bring coupons if you can find them. The only annoying part and I can't remember who I had she had dark hair she was good, but she kept asking me if I wanted products over n over. I only bought one thing and I didn't want to get a ton of products so it was annoying. Other than that, they were really nice and even gave me a tour and it's really pretty inside.
4	After a 9 year absence from the Valley, I needed to find a stylist. I have fine, thin, 85% grey hair that I wear blond and highlighted.  Eva is a caring stylist and very good with color. After 6 months she changed the color to make a darker low light and gave me blond highlights which look quite good. Her haircuts are spot on. She takes the time to listen to your concerns and is eager to please.  I agree that assistants sometimes do the blow dry and/or shampoo. I'd rather have Eva do everything, but understand the cooperative nature of the salon. I think blowdrying should be included in the price of your cut and color, but it is extra, making it an expensive but necessary procedure. I would recommend the salon and especially Eva.
5	I LOVE Salon Estique! I've been going to Salon Estique for almost 15 years now - yes, that includes through college and graduate school, when I lived in other states. I purposefully flew back to go to Salon Estique, that's how great it is! (Don't worry, I also flew back to see family too!)I've had nearly every service done at Salon Estique, but my favorites are the facials and waxing by Liz or Faye, as well as the haircuts and color.For facials and waxing, you cannot do better than either Liz or Faye. Both are excellent, dedicated professionals who will NOT up-sell you on unnecessary products (ladies, you know what I'm talking about). There are several types of facial options available: one for teens, an Express Facial (~45 min.), and a full facial, which is ~90 minutes long.I've done both, although the full facial is a better deal because not only do you get the facial, but you also get an eyebrow wax for the same price. Taking care of 2 things at once? Yes, please!Liz and Faye do other types of waxing, which I won't go into detail about here, but let's just say... all the waxing they do is NOT painful, they do NOT re-use sticks (so, no infections or gross things, hooray!), and they're very aware of your pain tolerance and preferences. As for haircut and color... I admit, I have had my hair cut and colored at other salons. The haircuts were okay, but no one can color like the Salon Estique ladies. Peggy, Laurie, and Eva are my favorites! They thoroughly listen to what you want, bring over color swatches to make sure you both are on the same page, and they provide ideas if you are unsure. The ladies (and gents!) work with your face shape for haircuts, as well as the amount of time you'd like to spend on your hair. I've never been up-sold any products, and everyone I've worked with for hair coloring has always made sure I LOVE my color before I leave. They will re-do it for you if you don't like it! Just say something!I love how everyone remembers your name here, and everyone on staff checks in with you to make sure everything is okay (ex. when you're waiting for your color to dry - staff checks in, brings you a magazine if you need it, and will bring you refreshments if you request it). Eva and Laurie always give me advice on hairstyles when I'm at a loss, and of course, they're fun and make a long day (I've got long hair--takes a while to color!) go much faster.Message me if you have any questions-- as a 15 year customer (and I'm still in my 20s, so that says something!), there's much more about the salon and services that I don't mention here, but that I've had done, and I'd be happy to answer any other questions.
5	I recently participated in a silent auction and bid on and got a certificate for services at Salon Estique.  The money went to a great charity, so I thought why not try someplace else, especially since the reviews seem overwhelmingly good.  Everyone there was so nice, the place inviting and relaxing.  They offer water with lemon and even wine!  The manager stepped in to make sure everything was good, and Mark did an excellent job with recommendations for a cut, color, highlights, dry and style.  I will definitely go back, best color I've had done and I loved the cut!  And the best - far less expensive than my normal gal at JCPenney!!
5	New to the Phoenix area and 1+ years since my last trim, I was apprehensive about who I would let touch my hair. Kelly (one of the owners) gave me a free haircut/make-up application for a first visit! Seemed like a logical start!After a very pleasant phone conversation with the appt setter, i was set up for a trim with Desiree. I arrived and was impressed at the salon as soon as I entered. Walls of nicely  organized products! To my right was a canned-food drive box, which i would later learn that when I bring a can in- i'll receive discounts on products! WIN WIN!I was greeted, waited for 5 minute (browsed extensive product/makeup/handmade jewelry selection) before Desiree came to greet me - I was a bit early, so they got me in right on time!Desiree immediately asked me what I was looking for, my goals for length, part, etc and gave me some physical examples how she could help me achieve length and volume for having very FINE SOFT hair. A relaxing scalp/temple massage was to follow, delicate/warm wash/conditioner.Desiree was a pleasure to chat with and she kept me laughing throughout the appointment. She carefully put in a few long layers, trimmed my bangs, and procceded to blow dry and style my new do! Upon finishing up-she made sure I knew which products she used and asked if I wanted to purchase either, which i did. She also handed me a few referral cards/promo cards for me to receive future discounts on cuts/products. She hugged me goodbye. I was impressed by her professionalism and thorough consult...keep in mind my service was free, so she could not assume I would be tipping or buying anything. I felt as though she took the extra time to make me feel important and to make sure I got exactly what I came there for.This is a FULL SERVICE SALON that has it all together. Frequent buyer discount cards/good bag give aways with discounts on facials/treatments! They covered all their bases PLUS MORE and I will definitely be back!
5	Love everything about this salon! Eva is incredible with color! She not only is very capable of explaining what will work and will not work but she understands what you want and then exceeds, every time!! I had my first cut with Vail ...and AMAZING! The catering they do for you at this salon makes you leave feeling very special and time worth spent! LOVE!!
5	The service is excellent. I show up every 5 weeks to see Desiree V to keep my color looking great and my hair cuts young but professional. The staff offers lemonade, ice tea, water or wine. They have roving junior stylists that will help blow dry, give hand or scalp massages. It's nice and clean!  Very hip! #salonestique
5	I get my hair colored and cut here all the time, they have fantastic customer service, great communication skill with clients, you know how much your paying before they start your hair, they do a wonderful job. All the staff is fast & friendly and have great knowledge in the profession. I enjoy coming here and it is very easy to relax. They have an amazing beverage selection while you are there. They can be kind of steep on the prices, but I am a strong believer in you get what you pay for! I have been seen by 3 different stylist here and have never had a bad experience! All these woman work hard, and it shows! :]
5	This place is great. Always friendly and welcoming. They offer free wine, snacks, water, coffee, etc. to anyone getting a service. If you are getting your hair done they offer free hand  and scalp massages. Free neck trims for men and free bang trims for the ladies( I'm guessing as long as you have already had a service done with them). Always a great turn out when I leave this place.
