5	I've had two great experiences at this location.  Both times, the job was done exactly on time and exactly on budget.  Dave, this location's manager, is excellent at being able to explain the how, what, when, and why of the repair or maintenance needed.I have a Volvo and Auto Tech saved me $400+ over what the Vovo dealership estimated to replace my brakes.
1	With auto shops unfortunately it's somewhat black and white, which is why I have to give them one star.  It's more harsh work and bad service can translate to no transportation, and a lot of wasted, possibly stolen money.I've been to this shop a few times in the past, only got service twice, but I feel I can give an honest review now.The master mechanic is an unfriendly jerk to start with (his fake smiley picture is on the wall), usually you won't have to deal with him so that's not a big deal.Long story short I brought my car in, they diagnosed some stuff, told me there was a large vacuum leak (one problem) and quoted me a high price and it was NOT guaranteed it would fix the problem so I said no thanks for now. I paid for the diagnostic (have to pay if you don't get the work done, that's fair) so when I asked where is the leak, can you show me, the guy said the mechanic wasn't in that diagnosed it.  I said, "He's the only one that knows, he only keeps the information in his memory?  He doesn't, I don't know, write it down, put it in the computer, something??"So when I told the guy (he works at the desk) I paid for the diagnostic, I want my money back if you can't show me the part that is leaking, that is what I paid for to know that, he suddenly said he remembered himself (he is not the mechanic by the way).Opened my hood and he seem to randomly point at a tube (of course one that would be hard to fix myself), and I asked specifically where on this tube was it leaking (is it leaking in the middle, at one of the ends, where?), he didn't know.  I gave up asking and realized I paid for a diagnostic and I did NOT get a diagnostic, not worth fighting.I'll never go back there, I won't let any of my friends go back there and I will heavily warn anyone about this place as well, I wasted my money and Auto Tech on Sahara has officially crossed over to the very "shady" dark side.
1	My wife took our '89 truck for a smog check.  They had her wait inside, then told her that it failed for visible smoke, and that they would call her with an estimate for repair.   The next day, they called and quoted us $800 for the part and 12 hours of labor.  I called my usual mechanic (Aamco on Valley View), who told me it was an outrageous quote.  They asked me to pick up the part at Autozone (cost of $8), and bring the truck in to their shop.  I did so, and the mechanic (sadly the name escapes me),  showed me how to install in, which I did in roughly 1 min.  The kicker?  No visible smoke.     Don't take your car here unless you want to be lied to.  They literally tried to swindle me for over $700.
1	LYING LIARS AND THIEVES!Long story short, brought in a car that was killing at low speeds in the heat. High speeds, ran just fine.A-hole at this junk place found a code in the computer, said that a particular sensor was bad.I told my brother, the owner of the car, that the "mechanic" was totally full of crap, because I caused the code-I ran the car without the air filter assy. attached and the "Check Engine" light (CEL) came on. Re-attached everything, CEL went out. Book on the car says that the computer will hold the code for 80 warm-up cycles.This is where it gets really bad:The "mechanic" said that someone had put in a high-altitude sensor, and the car needed a low altitude sensor. The sensor that was in the car was the factory sensor. All California cars are high altitude cars.THEN I called Ford and there is only ONE sensor for that car in all 50 states!THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A HIGH OR LOW ALTITUDE SENSOR!THE GUY TOTALLY FRIGGING LIED!Now the car gets really crappy mileage and is boggy at low speed. Since wen does backing off of the throttle cause a car to accelerate faster?The cheezy-ass part has no markings on it-so way to tell if it's the right part for the car or if this thief put in a wrong part  on the car to cause new problems which he gets to "diagnose" and "fix". The real problem? Bad thermostat. Eff these effing thieves!Go there if you want to get ripped off. I would refer Saddam Hussein to this place. Maybe.
1	I was a loyal customer for about two years when I got a used Toyota Rav 4 that had a knocking sound. I had two mechanics at different locations look at it. The first, thought it was the tensioner belt pulley in the engine. It wasn't. Then I took it to Autotech, where the mechanic assessed that the knocking sound was a loose bearing in the alternator. The checkout guy, said it wasn't something I necessarily needed to replace, but to think about it down the line. His advice. I then, was preparing to go on a road trip, and took it in for a tuneup. Again, concerned, I asked about the knocking and he said the same thing. SAME ADVICE...and then he wrote on the invoice, that I denied alternator service. I did so based on his informed opinion. I am not a mechanic.    At the end of our road trip, 30 miles outside of Vegas, the car warning lights on the dash all came on, the car lost power and fluid had leaked out, causing smoke/sparks from hitting the exhaust. The engine wouldn't turn over. This is what I was hoping to avoid by bringing it in a 2nd time for advice/service.    I brought it in to Autotech again, and they said the water pump failed, the serpentine belt broke, and the engine cylinder head warped. I had to replace the engine. They took no responsibility for the misdiagnosis. They held onto the idea that the alternator had a loose bearing. It didn't. And they tried to portray it as a separate issue that the water pump failed. I was simply trying to find and fix the source of this knocking. So...my engine was now dead because of a loose bearing in the water pump-not the alternator. These guys did a horrible job diagnosing, handling my problem..and I got screwed.I brought it to CARS, on Valley View (who kick ass) and they said it was a misdiagnosis, as it was a loose bearing in the water pump that caused it.The new mechanics also said my alternator is fine. My new engine and labor was well over $5000.
5	I was initially a bit skeptical about coming here because 1) there were bad reviews and 2)  they were doing a groupon sale.  I know my second reason may sound weird to some of you but businesses promote their business on groupon normally when they're struggling, which may be a result of poor service.So I contacted them to ask them if their groupon deal was applicable to any day since it was a "now" deal at the time. But the man who answered, Joe, told me that I don't need to purchase it online through groupon and that I just come in and tell him my name and look for him so that he can honor the deal regardless of whether I purchase the deal or not.So I made my way there which is in the gas station at the intersection of Sahara and Durango. A bit far from where I live and work but most places around me were going to charge me $35-70 for the same service so I made the trip here. As soon as I arrived, my car was immediately attended to and it took about 35-40 minutes to do which was standard and efficient to me. Really liked the service and I'm proud of taking a gamble regardless of its low Yelp ratings. Joe, whom I assume is the manager, was very courteous and professional. I definitely can't ask for more. For my reminder sticker, they listed $3 off for my next visit, which I assume is not combined with the groupon deal.Overall, very satisfied with my experience here.
5	I was in an out for my smog check in minutes! Exactly what I was looking for and got a GREAT deal through Yelp!  Win-win situation!
5	It has been a big relief to find mechanics in Las Vegas I can trust to give an honest assessment and to do an excellent job at a decent price. I drive to Las Vegas a few times a year and Auto Tech has fixed major and minor problems with both my Volvo and my Oldsmobile quickly and carefully. I recommend Auto Tech without reservations.
5	The mechanic was amazing. He changed my break lights right away, no wait. They didn't try to up sell me, which is what I've encountered at multiple automotive shops. While I don't wish for car troubles, I know where I'll go the next time I do have them.
4	The gentleman at the counter was nice and easy to work with. (Not especially friendly but pleasant enough.) overall the experience was quick and easy.
5	Good service, no need for an appointment, and out real quick. Way to go...
5	Got the Yelp $10 for $25 Deal. Auto Tech smogged my other vehicle a year ago when I first moved to Nevada. $10 for a smog check? Yes! In California, this would cost about $50. Same quick service. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. PASSED!!
5	I was greeted by Joe with a friendly smile and he was very kind. I got a smog check by Alfred and the service was spectacular. He asked me if I had a yelp coupon and honored it right away. When I buy coupons from other places, they always give me a weird look but not here. I would recommend this place. 19 for smog. 6 for VIR.  10 for 25 groupon. :))
3	It was a great deal and I would give more than 3 stars BUT when I arrived, all of the employees were in the center of the shop having a conversation and laughing. They all looked at me several times but no one came to wait on me. I waited approximately 15 minutes before someone came to help me. Smog checks don't take very long so it was done and I was out. However, the customer service sucked.
4	Was my first SMOG test and the first Yelp coupon. They didn't disappoint. I called them 30 minutes before their closing time, reached there in 10 and was out in a jiffy. The guys were friendly and helpful.
5	$10 for a smog check. Was a little skeptical, but it was fast and easy. Good service. Hopefully, this deal will still be around next year.
3	To Roy's comment,I parked on the side of the building and entered through the FRONT door. I would NEVER wait outside - that's just stupid. To imply that I did this is insane and a poor excuse for the employees. Matter of fact, at one point I even got some water and sat down on the couch. A manager or someone in charge should just accept the fact that SOMEONE dropped the ball and not make excuses for what occurred. Again, the customer service was not what is should have been and apology accepted.
5	Fast and easy.  $10 coupon on yelp was great!
5	$10 Yelp coupon for a smog check was so helpful! In & out in 10 minutes. Great customer service ( thanks Mike! ) & very professional.
5	Great service & took less than 10min! Didn't know how to use yelp & hadn't purchased the $10 for 25 deal but they still honored it. This will be my go to place from now on!
5	I got there when they opened and ended up getting my oil changed on top of the Smog test. I was out of there within an hour. The owner gave me a coupon for the oil change and I ended up paying less than 26.00. I also used the coupon on Yelp.
5	Service was quick. In and out in 15 minutes.  Staff was friendly. Bought the $25.00 for $10.00 deal. Worked out great. Went in for a smog check and didn't pay anything extra. Great deal.
5	I was extremely happy with the speed of service for my smog at Auto Tech Centers we were out of there in about 10 min not a very long wait.  They accepted the coupon with no problem.  I will recommend them to every one I know.  The techs were all business with a friendly smile.!!! awesome, awesome service!! GREAT JOB!!
5	The speed of the service to get the smog check done on my car was impressive.  I was there less than 15 minutes.  Friendly staff that accepted my coupon with no hassle.  Great job!
5	Hey,These guys are the BEST!  Had my smog done there about a week ago -- fast service, very efficient staff as well as pleasant and welcoming counter help.  I have used them in the past for oil changes and some repairs as well.  Very Honest folks -- no up-selling and even did some work that was no charge.  Used the Yelp 10 for 25 coupon and they accepted it with a smile. When I left they also gave me additional coupons for oil changes and other services.  What a pleasure to find such excellent customer service and honest will trained and certified mechanics.  I will now take my car there for all my service needs.  Thanks Auto Tech on Sahara and Durango.
5	Awesome shop. Bought the $10 for $25.00 deal on yelp for the smog test. They got me rite in with no appointment and they accepted the coupon rite off of my smart phone with no problems at all. Inspection only took 15 minutes. Would highly reccomend.
5	I was on my way to work and needed to get a smog check and Auto Tech was very fast with great service!  I was only there for 10 minutes, and Johnny was very friendly and professional. I even used the Yelp deal, and only had to pay $10!! I highly recommend their services.
5	I paid $10 for my smog check! It was quick! I was In and Out real quick!
5	Had my truck fixed here many years ago (have not needed any other repairs since) and they were awesome. Today I purchased the smog coupon but I did not tell Johnny right away. He was nice and polite and professional when I told him I needed a smog check. Later, when I told him that I had the Yelp coupon for $10 instead of paying the $25, his attitude was the same! This is the first time that I have EVER purchased anything on Yelp and it was worth it. I was in and out in 13 minutes!
3	My car needed an oil change and I found a Groupon for this place.  They did it pretty quickly.  My only complaint would be the man at the counter.  He would answer the phone and roll his eyes to whomever he was talking to.  Afterwards, he would mumble profanities about the person who he was just on the phone with.  It was a bit uncomfortable and unprofessional.
1	Sold me an Air Filter for $38.54. I said it's too expensive. Answer: It is a great price, filters are so expensive. I'm look today in the Internet. $10.36. It's a scam!!!
5	Got a groupon for lifetime oil change that cost $39.99.  They quoted me 1-1.5 hrs but were done in 40 mins.  I then asked for a full car cleaning by a guy named Alex on their lot for $35 (my idea, they did not try to sell me this).  He quoted me 30 mins but it was done beautifully in 20.  My car ran perfect, looked like new (which is hard considering the mess they started with since I have 3 kids), they were quicker than expected, and very friendly.  While waiting, they had cold water and tv available, and they kept me engaged with conversation to help pass the time.  I will be back to them again and again.  I went to the location at 8550 Sahara Dr in Las Vegas, NV.
5	I am one of those guys who know nothing about cars.  It's easy to rip me off, I am afraid.  That's why I have been taking my cars to Auto Tech for years:  they have consistently provided me with fine service at a fair price.You might ask:  How do you know that if you are so ignorant about cars?  Well, good question.  It is just that -- on a few occasions -- they have had a clear opportunity to take advantage of me and have not done so.They (Johnny and another guy) have demonstrated themselves to be professional and trustworthy, so much so that I am taking the time to write this review.
5	What a wonderful surprise! It has been a very long time since I had an auto place where the service was friendly, respectful and really beyond what I was used to or expecting. I had my alternator and breaks fixed, prices seemed reasonable and when I stopped in the next day to have them adjusted, they did so immediately and with a smile. I've been won over.
5	Service is excellent I would recommend this place to everyone. I love this place. Employees
