5	This place was a really good surprise, the Clam chowder was delicious, the staff attentive and the ambient is beautiful.  A good place  if you like sea food. If you are at Courtyard Downtown Montreal do not think twice, it is above the entrance of the parking.
4	What a gorgeous restaurant architecturally, I cannot wait to come back in the Summer to take advantage of the outside. I adore oysters and we had plenty of them the night we were there: gorgeous West Coast ones and salty yummy East Coast ones. I was sad that the kitchen was closed, seemed kind of early for that, but they gave us some clams to munch on as well which pacified me. Really nice wine list, super fun staff and the washrooms are pretty cool as well :P All in all, I will definitely come back for oysters and trendy times with swank friends. My next visit, I will plan better and try both the lobster roll and the clam chowder, apparently they are to die for.
5	Very nice spot with beautiful decor and a nice atmosphere. The oysters were excellent. They were offering 5 varieties the evening we went, each unique and all plump and perfectly shucked. Served with a champagne vinegar, 2 hot sauces and grated horseradish. Fried oysters were equally delicious with a light batter and a meaty bite inside. Citrusy mayo was served alongside. The tuna and salmon tartares were tasty with a subtle bite to them, served with crispy baguette bits. The beet salad was also a nice surprise away from the average beet salad with a sprinkle of Romano on top and served amidst strawberries and blueberries. The wine list is not the best but it is decent. The caesar was average. The service was excellent, our waiter was consistent and attentive. We will come back for a main very soon!!
5	Excellent food, server, and setting. Intimate, but trendy. Great Saturday night dinner place for young professionals. Oysters were fresh and lobster was sweet and steamed perfectly...not over cooked and chewy like most places. Rhubarb tart was a great dessert!My only small critique is that the waiter should ask if I wanted my lobster cracked open by them. I didn't mind doing all the opening myself, but others might.
