5	Nice facility, decor is past the normal starchy looking Asian nail shops.  Has to be to cater to the area clientle.
5	This salon is fantastic!!! They use high quality products and my fills have lasted longer than any other salon (with no lifting). There pedicures are above average. The regular pedicures are what other salons charge extra for. My favorite techs are Kristi and Natalie. I would recommend this place to everyone.
4	I am new to Las Vegas, by 5 days now. I moved this wknd and my nails looked like a$$ so I needed to find a place that did glitter nails and did them well. I found Highland Nails on Yelp with the 5 star rating and decided to give it a go. Its not too far from my new home and the 5 star won me over.Its a nice salon, they have a really large variety of glitter products and some other stuff I had not seen before. The nail technician was nice although she didn't talk to me too much. I did ask her if they do acrylic toes as well and she said yes. Unfortunately, I am from San Diego and thinking that our prices are pretty high for everything, I havent ever been charged 46 dollars for a full set of glitters that are solid, not french tips (less work involved basically). So that would be the reason I have given them 4 stars. I really wanted to go for 3 but it would not be fair if all those girlies in Southern Highlands find that to be reasonable.
4	I have found this place through the helpful reviews & rating of Yelp users & I must say I wasn't disappointed at all. This lavish salon has actual working massage chairs & the HOT STONE Pedicure was something I needed from a weeks work of standing for 7 hours. The nail tech Kristi is just absolutely amazing! She saw the terrible job of a set I got from Elk Grove, CA and removed those horrible nails and was able to create a master piece on my hands ;) I can assure you that this wouldn't be my 1st nor last time here. Krisit has herself a regular!!  The $85 was all worth it at the end. A bit steep for most but it's the quality & service you're paying for at the end. I gave it a 4 star because they didn't open at 9:30am, they were running late to open the shop & as a customer I shouldn't be the one to wait for a business to open.
1	I'm from out of town and was visiting relatives who lived near this salon. I went there looking for a Shellac Manicure. I've been having CND Shellac Manicures for over a year and I would NEVER recommend that anyone have this manicure done there.First off, they totally buffed my nails with a very coarse buffer. I asked why they were scraping up my nails and they said that the polish holds on better to the nail if it is roughly buffed (my salon at home does not do this, in fact thier CND rep told them not to buff at all), I wish I told them to stop but I let them continue.After returning home and going to my normal salon to take off the polish, my nail salon had the hardest time taking off the polish (even after soaking acetone!). Turns out Highland Nails put on a gel polish base coat like they use when you put on Gel Nails, not the CND base coat. Which explains why they ripped up my nails so the the polish will stay longer. My nails were literally stained red as well. Also, they did not use the recommended curing times between coats - they didn't time it at all. They just stick your hands in the UV boxes and let you sit there. So, obviously, they don't really know what they are doing do they care for their client's nail "health". Combine this with the fact that 3 different people "tag-teamed" my manicure & pedicure....I would tell people spend their money elsewhere, you're paying alot for mani & pedi so go to a salon who knows what they are doing.
5	Friendly, clean. The best place in the valley for toes,fingers and more!
3	They do a great job, but turnover in their girls is high. I was going three years and had a different girl as mine kept leaving.... Without telling me! LolThe price was excellent and I love their clean methods. The issue I had was there is no point in making appointments as I kept getting moved around suddenly and got the shaft for someone who made theirs two days before with the girl I used. I have a very limited schedule and though all the girls are good, with that customer service I'm not driving across town to it.
4	Best, longest massage I've had! Clean. Spoke good English. Walked in & even though they were busy, they got me in within 10 min. & did a thorough job, not rushed at all. Great polish job too!! The only negative was the polish selecion was a bit lacking, not a ton to choose from & a lot of the colors were 3/4 used/old. Glad I brought my own. If gel colors are what you're looking for, they do have a plethora of choices, so that's a plus! They also offer a rewards program! another incentive to keep me coming back!!!! :)
5	Love love love their collection of gel nail color!  They have lots of Regular polish also!!  My gel pedicures last at least a month and a half.  The spa is very clean, lots of TVs, friendly and helpful staff, and awesome foot massages!!I do recommend making an appointment vs. Being a walk-in, especially during that 5pm rush hour and on Saturdays.   Highly recommend getting gel pedi and man's from them!  They do a great job and it last!
5	I went Monday afternoon to see if they had any availability to squeeze me in (showed up way early to my dentist appointment next door and needing something to do to kill time).  As soon as I walked in I was greeted nicely and directed to a desk to chose my gel polish. AND OH MY GOSH... there were so many colors to chose from. Once I was set on a color my technician Johnny came up to meet me and get started.  He was very attentive and with every step made sure I was still doing okay and made sure the shape of my nails and color was exactly what I was looking for.  I will definitely be back! Thanks!!
4	Surprisingly, pleasantly surprised with the service, staff and cleanliness. Most of the time I go it is busy so make an appointment. I also get my brows done and have not been disappointed.
2	So I have been here about 5 times before but haven't visited in a while because the salon is out of my area. My recent visit left me leaving completely disappointed and in pain unfortunately. It all started with my 2:45pm appointment for a fill and pedicure beginning at 3:30 pm. My sister and mother had an appointment at the same time and they were attended to while I sat soaking in a pedicure chair for almost an hour while my water then got cold. Once the gentleman began my basic pedicure which is my favorite from this nail salon, he tried telling me a different pricing then was in the brochure which I did correct him on. This time the pedicure was just okay. He also made a comment about the curve of one of my toenails which I could've gone without that comment because it was unnecessary and a bit rude. Then another gentleman began to work on my full set fill. He worked so fast! The Polish was so uneven and he buffed my nail so hard that he took off my skin on 2 of my fingers! OUCH! I saw that this was a trend for all the nail techs to rush fast because as soon as they were done they sat in the massage chairs and played on their iPads and phones. It was completely unprofessional.I left completely disappointed and in all honestly not sure if I want to return.
5	Highlands Nails is an incredible spa. Everything is very new and very clean! This staff genuinely cares about maintaining the establishment. It is a little expensive, but completely worth it and the chairs are amazing.
5	this is a great place, and Love their pedicures, specially the fact that they use disposable liners in their pedi bowls, just makes me more at ease, best $27.00 spent I think,  I really like the way Johny does nails, he's always does a great job with my fills. They take walk ins but is best to make an appointment.
5	I have been coming here for a while. Brian is my favorite! He does a great job. I get the gel so I don't have to come as often. Very clean. Everything gets their own equipment and the for tubs area lined with disposable liners. Have a frequent user card that saves you money. Even bring my hubby here for pedicures!
4	We just moved here and my wife tried out this salon. She has very sensitive nails and was worried that the technician would be too rough. She was extremely happy with the results and would absolutely recommend to anyone.
5	My favorite nail place in Vegas. I've been coming here for over two years. Very clean and friendly. They know my name (who doesn't love that) Love that they use disposable liners for the pedis. Brian and Tina are my favorite nails techs, always a good time laughs and fun conversations -unlike most other places. Make an appointment guarantee you'll get in and get what you want!
