4	LocateD in Corte Bella Country Club but open to the public. Provides wonderful ambience and excellent service. My wife and I have eate n here often and not been dissapointed.  Summer menu is limited, but "in season" menu is extensive.
5	Located in Corta Bella gated community, but if you do not live in the area, simply tell the gate attendant you are dining at Anacapa and he or she will raise the gate for you without question. Anacapa's service is superior, very nice ambience, great view of the outdoors. I have been here for the Xmas Eve buffet, April 15th Hawaiian buffet, and lunch during the week.  All were excellent.  The chef is truly amazing here!  The lunch quesadillas w/steak were delicious (definitely ask for extra salsa as it comes in a very small cup), and the buffet selections for both occasions were great!  This is my father's favorite restaurant, and I'll have to say it's by far one of the better restaurants in the area. Please do not make this a resident-only restaurant!
4	Been here twice for private events. What a beautiful setting. Gorgeous view of the golf course and the food was delicious. Stay for drinks during the sunset, so peaceful!Meat loaf was a highlight of dinner - highly recommend! Service was also fantastic.
2	Nothing spectacular for breakfast brunch, as hotel "hot" breakfast.... simple things for $15... really?
5	Been there many  times.  It has become a family tradition when the 'kids'  come out to AZ to visit.  We all love the Sunday Brunch.  Yummy!
5	The restaurant is in Corta Bella (a gated 55+ community), but if you tell the gate attendant you're going to Anacapa they'll let you right in.  The food was delicious.  I had the prime rib (that night's special) and it was perfectly tender.  We enjoyed the sunset view of the golf course as well.  Since this is in a 55+ community the place emptied out pretty early.
4	I've eaten here twice, the food and service were excellent on both occasions.  The chef even came to our table to accommodate a special needs diet.  Worth a visit.
4	Four for dinner on Sat nite.  Prime rib, salmon caesar, liver and onions and mahi mahi.  Each was very good, service was very fine.  We like this place...
1	Lunch took over 2 hours. Service incredibly slow. Food came out cold. I will not return
4	Every time we go, we like it more.  Service is great...a very comfortable, friendly bar and very good food.  And close to home!  Verde Grill should have looked at this place before they went under!
2	The food, to say the least, was underwhelming.  It depends on what you are looking for.  If you want fresh food, prepared cleanly and with distinct spicing, and not bland creamy, meaty, saucy, average stuff -- this is not your place.  The room is dated, but very roomy and comfortable.  The staff is friendly.  The view is spectacular.  Prices are fair.  But the food, not so good.  Average stuff, that senior citizens think passes for good dining.
5	Went to Anacapa for the second time, the first time Anacapa hosted our wedding reception and the second time we celebrated our 2nd anniversary. We have eaten at many Phoenix restaurants and I can certainly say that Anacapa is one of the top five restaurants in the Valley. Our ribeye steaks were cooked to perfection and tasted ever so much better than the steaks served at Fl____ings, which is a steak specific restaurant. Prices? Half of what one would pay at Fl____ings and you get side dishes too included in that price. Take that, Fl____ings!Staff is very attentive and prompt, courteous and made us feel very special. We drove about an hour each way to come eat here,  worth every second. We will definitely be back!
4	Cute little place. Reasonable prices. I was excited to learn it's open to the public considering it's in a private golf retirement community. The Sunday brunch was ok. Nothing to write home about except the omelette station for made to order omelettes. The service was good. I look forward to coming to dinner because their dinner and lunch menus look amazing. Cannot wait. Just wish it were open later than 8 pm, but it's a retirement community so I understand.
4	This is a good choice for a special night out in an area where there are not a lot of places that fit that description. The setting is lovely and the dining room and patio are very attractive. The food is fine - nothing exciting or memorable, but there is a nice variety of offerings on the menu.
4	Been here several times for both dinner, lunch and breakfast and we always say to each other, "why don't we eat here more often?" Granted we live here but I think that the food, service and ambiance are pretty good.We have done the Sunday brunch, average for a buffet, they do omelette to order and have lots of things to choose from. Lunch was out by the pool, sandwiches were great and just what we ordered. Dinner has been good as well, the fish and chips are very good as well as steaks. I like the soups, these are fresh and made from scratch. There are some chef specials, the chef here is great. I should visit it more!
