2	If I can say anything positive about this place, it has a great location and the employees are nice.  And they have a great little outdoor patio to eat in. But...this place is nowhere near as delicious as Chipotle.  And they are so slow, even when its not a peak meal time.   The Qdoba on Central is better.This location is still pretty new, so maybe they are still working out some of the kinks.
3	Maybe if I write a review like Dallas G, I'll get ROTD.  Here goes:"Who am I but a slave to the forces of nature?  As a slave, am I free to pass judgment on those slaves toiling aside me, dawn till dusk (at which point I go and fornicate with whomever may be willing)?  No, I am not, and as this commonest of men will tell you, no one should ever cast such noble servants of the world order to the depths of a poor Yelp review.So I say five stars to any old establishment that can churn out even the most mediocre of food!  Qdoba is just such a place.  Good people with good intentions, making decent food for other ants in the giant ant farm we call life.  Go there, enjoy yourself, bask in the glory of it all."But I am not Dallas G, nor would I want to be, because he is vegan and that makes life inordinately difficult.  It also means that his burrito had probably 900 calories fewer than my burrito, which was essentially the same except with two cups of queso sauce and a bunch of steak.Of course, with queso and steak means that there will be at least a modicum of taste, and that is true--but I say that the food is average there, and only deserving of three stars, because I don't know if it was the salsa or what, but there was a strange flavor that permeated the entire burrito. Not a bad flavor, but not a good flavor--it almost was like eating two pounds of roasted tomatillos in a burrito.Finally, I begrudge them for having water that came straight from the bottom of an overly-chlorinated pool.  Qdoba is decent, worth a meal once or twice a month, max.  But order a real drink.
2	Richard Z's faux Dallas G review is brilliant. I reward mediocrity if their heart is in the right place. But I knew what I was getting into by going here for lunch. Chipotle. Same story. Rice. THE BURRITO IS ALL RICE. I asked for just a little and I still had a rice burrito. Many of you are saying, but you're a vegan. What do expect? Well, beans, guacamole, tomatoes, pico, salsa, hot sauce, onions... A vegan burrito could be amazing. What I had was white rice. In a tortilla. For me one star, but I am biased by their meat centric business model. The restaurant was full. People must like it. Two stars.
3	Person 1: "So, where do you want to go to lunch?"Person 2: "Hmmm.  I'm not sure"Person 1: "Want to go to Paradise?"Person 2: "Naaah, we've been there three times recently."Person 1: "What about Subway?"Person 2: "I'm so damned tired of sandwiches. . ."Person 1: "Well, here's Qdoba."Person 2: "Qdoba?  Okay, I haven't been there in a while.  We can get in and out pretty quickly and get back to work."That's pretty much how it is.  Nobody really plans to go out and eat at Qdoba.  It's one of those places you decide to go to on the fly or because you've eaten everywhere else.The Mexifood is fair.  Nothing special, nothing bad, nothing to distinguish it.  There's tons of Mexican joints within ten miles that are better, but Qdoba's here in this strip mall.  Haven't eaten here in a while and don't want to drive any further?  This will make a nice alternative, and then you'll be good on this place for another six months or so. . .
4	Great place to grab some quick mexifood. Service at this location has been great. Fast and efficent. Try the pick two for a healthier smaller portions!
4	I'm a fan.It's like BK is to McD's in the Burrito world.
3	It's Qdoba Not AdobeBy The RueQdoba, let me start by asking a question of you,How in the hell does Chipotle not sue?Your indgredients are exactly the same,The menu board is different but it's still lame.I decided to go with the queso burro,Chicken for my meat it was so-so,Add the black beans and some rice,Asked if I want cheese I didn't think twice,Added the hottest sauce and sour cream,Did Chipotle change their name or is this just a dream?Iced tea was the drink that I decided to pick,The only thing about this place that will stick.The final price for my food and a drink,Was $9.78, yes that does stink,Nearly ten bucks flushed down the drain,Just go to Chipotle it tastes the same.I've never been here before so I can't be upset,At not knowing what it was all about just yet,Now I know and next time will remember,That for lunch this place isn't a contender. BONG!!.
3	This is a direct competitor for Chipotle.  Frankly, I don't see the difference between them.  They're both good (for what they are).  Big burrito made the way you want pretty quickly.  I can't say it's really authentic, but it is very tasty.  Great for lunch.
1	Today I came to this qdoba and found a server getting a meal ready with out his gloves on. Then this lady failed to make my burrito even half way decent. Then the entire time I'm ordering I have to repeat myself over and over again. Ever since this qdoba went under new management it has gone downhill very fast. I used to come here 3 times a week now I'm hesitant to ever come back.
2	Food itself is still great, but these new owners don't understand the importance of Cholula. We came here a few weeks ago and they were out of Cholula and only had Tobasco (yuck), now they are out of both. C'mon, get it together!  The Tempe location always has plenty.
2	I really wanted to like Qdoba. The place was pretty empty right off the bat, so bad sign there. Decided to go with the grilled vegetable burrito with black beans, brown rice, habanero salsa and guacamole. The first thing I didn't like was that the same employee who was preparing food was also ringing up customers. This is *never* acceptable. I don't care if you put gloves on, you shouldn't have an employee handling both currency and food. It's disgusting. Where was the manager? Secondly, my burrito was poorly wrapped. I ended up with more of a sphere than a cylinder. Furthermore, the foil didn't cover the burrito, so of course it fell apart as I ate.Thirdly, I didn't order any dairy (lactose intolerant) but there was definitely a taste of sour cream in my food. Not sure if it was some sour cream that got spilled on the lettuce (noticed that on the line) or if sour cream was added to the guacamole to stretch the amount, or if that's just how Qdoba's food tastes. Concerning to say the least, but at least I didn't get sick.Finally, the thing that bothered me the most, was that the food was SO, so oily. My mouth was coated with oil for an hour afterwards. I can only assume the oil was from the grilled vegetables, but it could have been from something else. Truly, I don't mind cooking with a lot of oil but this was over the top. I almost get the feeling they had an accident and drenched the veggies by mistake. You really don't need much if any oil to cook zucchini and squash. The water will release and keep from sticking.The grilled vegetables were the thing I was most excited about at Qdoba, but quickly became the aspect I liked the least.TL;DR oily food, poorly wrapped, gross handling practice. 2/5 will not return.
1	We got a groupon for Qdoba this past week.  Rude service.  Only 2 on staff in the whole place.  Line took FOREVER to get through.  Luckily our Groupon lowered the price to reasonable levels.  Normally this place is more expensive than Chipotle, yet not nearly as good.  Water from tap tasted horrible.  Every garbage can was overflowing with trash.  Dirty tables, etc.  Glad it was half off... but I don't think I'd even buy another Groupon here.
3	Just ok...a little too pricey.
2	Another in a line of chipotle style rip offs this place offers the usual cast of faux Mexican dining fare. White rice, black beans, corn, and a few meat options, check. Hipsters who act like they can not put down their phones yet are so concerned about saving the earth, check. While there is nothing wrong with the idea (imitation is the sincerest form of flattery) just how many of these places do we need?In my opinion if you are going to copy something at least bring something new to the table when you do! This place does not meet that goal. In fact they manage to mess up some of the basic things that chipotle did right while charging you more at the same time. That is quite a feat to pull off lol. My order was for two burritos (one pork, green sauce, brown rice, cheese and the other shredded beef, cilantro lime rice, black beans and hot sauce). Both were a nice size (compared to chipotle) yet cost almost a full 2 dollars more! The pork had a nice spice but was to salty for me. The green verde sauce was ok but tasted of mostly tomatillos. It could have used something to balance it out like cumin, roasted poblanos, honey or even some more garlic. With drinks the total came out to something like 22.50 for two people! I can make this food at home for way less than that and still have money left for dessert. While it is nice to try eating somewhere new it is not worth almost $25 and 110 plus degree days just to eat here again. Good for some but for me No Bueno!
1	I ordered catering for my daughter's baby shower.  The guy who took the order on the phone told me that he would send an email confirmation.  He said that we "would stay close" until the event to make sure that I was completely satisfied with the catering.  I never heard back.  I called them again a few days later and he was not available.  I got another person on the phone who sent the email with the order info.  It only had listed the food.  No date or time on the order.  They have a very poor system of ordering for catering.  We had multiple email exchanges so I thought they had my order.  On the day of my event, I did not have food for my guests at the scheduled time.  It took me almost half an hour to get resolution.  They were more concerned with placing blame and making excuses.  I got my food 1 HOUR LATE.  We had to be out of our party room at a designated time so I had to rush my guests.  In addition, I missed a significant amount of time with my guests trying to resolve.  My once in a lifetime event was stressful and embarassing to me as the hostess.  I schedule catering for lunches a couple times a month for my job.  With so many excellent catering options in the Valley, I would avoid using them at all.
1	First I have to say that the food is decent. I wish you could review differently for food v. service! Have you ever been to a restaurant where you feel like you are an inconvenience just by virtue of the fact that you are a customer? The staff here is RUDE and no courteous at all. The food is awesome and that is why I went there but they really nickle and dime you. I ordered the vegetarian burrito and I was told that adding veggies ( TO THE VEGGIE burrito!!) was more than a dollar extra. Another couple said they were overcharged for their chips and salsa. The cashier told me that they now keep all of the hot sauce behind the counter because customer will take it! Next time I will stick with good ol' Chipotle!!
4	My family and I going to Qdoba. The staff is friendly and most importantly, my daughter loves the rice, chicken, cheese and peppers in her burrito bowl.The food is always fresh and like the ability to pick and choose what fixings and toppings you can place on your taco or burrito.I know this may scorn some, buy I'll take Qdoba over Chipotle anyday!The place is always clean and usually served quickly.The chips with guac is a tasty addition to any meal.We try and hit Qdoba once every few weeks and never disappoints!.
4	I ordered the burrito bowl and it was very tasty. The manager was very nice. The restaurant was clean. It is up to par with Chipotle. Their steak may even be better than Chipotle. No grizzle. You know what I'm talking about if you've ever had a steak burrito at Chipotle. The price was fair.
4	*****closed?????What happened? I used to like chipotle better but I ate here so often because it was more convenient...then I ended up liking qdoba better...wish it was still open
4	Why did it close???????
