2	I really wanted to like this. I really, REALLY wanted to like this. I tried so hard. I really like CeeLo's music. "Crazy," "F*** You," "Bright Light Bigger City," I really like them. They're sing-along-worthy.But when your moniker compares you to the fabulously fabulous showman Liberace, that's big talk, and you had better back it up. "Loberace" doesn't.First, as noted in my review of the Yelp Event, the doors were supposed to open at 10:30pm for an 11pm showing. This is already late in a local's book, considering we work in the city that everybody plays in. The doors didn't open until around 11ish, and the show didn't start until 11:45pm.  Cool for drunk tourists, not for me and Elite Emily, who both had things to do and were in the midst of an awesome food coma.As I've said before, I like CeeLo Green. But when you see him in person, you're reminded of the fact that he kind of looks like a Goomba, and not the regular Goombas... more like the Goombas from the horrible "Super Mario Bros." movie with Bob Hoskins and John Leguizamo. THOSE Goombas. So when the star of your show isn't exactly athletic enough for hot dance moves, you'd better hope your back up dancers are. The problem with the back up dancers in "Loberace" is that most of their moves I would probably also see in an intermediate Zumba class. I was totally uninterested in most of what was going on in the show.Also, when you compare yourself to Liberace, you'd better put on a hell of a show, and "Loberace" doesn't do it. There are some video screens, a few sparse set pieces, but it just didn't "do the damn thing," as Gato Figueroa would say. I needed more, a lot more from this show, than a raunchy high school play, which is the quality of some numbers. Girls gyrating on a big fake staircase? They're not even dancing at this point, just thrusting.There were some positives, mainly CeeLo, who does some of his hits as well as some pretty fun covers ("Superfreak" was really well done), and plus, some of the dancers in the show are thick girls. I'm not saying this as a slam; I'm saying this as a compliment, since most Vegas dancers are akin to anorexics. Curvy is sexy, and one dancer in particular had some cushion on her that she moved with the best of them. Get it, girl!And I'm not going to even try to start on the part that can only be described as "Rainbow Brite on acid."Overall, these tickets, which start at $100, are not worth your time or money. If you really like CeeLo, like I do, go down the road to Caesars Palace, watch "Absinthe" for $75, and use the $25 you save to buy a CeeLo CD.
5	Awesome awesome AWESOME show! Had the greatest time ever! The show doesn't start until 11PM which is a bit late even for a Vegas show but meh, what are you going to do? There were two letdowns - 1. My friend and I went to the front of the theater around 10:30ish to get seated but they didn't open the doors until 11:08. So you had roughly 150+ people in 4 large lines just staring at the doors wondering when on God's green earth are they going to open?! It was 11:07 and my friend and I were getting cranky so we threatening to leave by 11:15. Our threat wasn't really directed to anyone but God heard our threat and the doors magically opened HAHAHA!Letdown numero 2. So we get to our seats rather quickly, which is always nice especially after standing for about 30 mins, BUT the show didn't start until 11:45. You would of thought the show would had started at least 10 mins after they had us waiting outside! So, the show finally starts. First 2-3 songs weren't the greatest since they were lovey-dovey songs but it definitely picked up when Cee-Lo sang his remix version of "Don't Cha" (he did compose that you know). After that song, the entire theater's ambiance changed completely! Cee-Lo attempted to do a magic trick with one of the audience members which he totally failed on BUT he was hilarious about it and said "what?! It's the second show! Shit!" LOL! It's a typical Vegas show with gorgeous dancers, awesome throwback music, LED screens, a little person, etc. Freaking amazing show! Totally made the 20 hour wait worth it!
2	Sorry CeeLo,  I wanted to like the show,  but I was too bored. Even though I knew all the songs, I felt it was a little sleepy. The dancers started out pretty good, but quickly the choreographed routines seemed super trashy. It was creepy how he ogles the girls.I didn't much care for the side acts. Low rate, Boy George, a weird R&B trio, and an adorable little person. He was actually pretty cute.CeeLo has a great voice, but mumbles through a fair amount of his songs. Also, I think he could have chosen better, more upbeat songs. He makes a point to say that nothing is original anymore, and this show is exactly that un-original. I felt the sets were cheesy and kind of weak. Loberace? More like loberawful.
2	OK Yelp, let's talk. I'm a huge fan of CeeLo. I mean, a huuuuuuuuge fan. Not since the Goodie Mob days, but awhile. I'd never seen him live before, and when I heard he was not only coming to Vegas but doing a full on Vegas production, I was so psyched. First it was going to start in October, but then it got delayed. That worked out, though, because opening weekend coincided with my birthday, giving me yet another excuse to make the trip.So my fiance and I show up at 1145pm for a show that's supposed to start at midnight and they haven't opened the doors yet. Those waiting for the show were in some amorphous clump in the lobby. When they finally opened the doors shortly after midnight, the clumps of people all tried to push through the doors at the same time, so there was some temporary chaos. Eventually we all made it in, though.After getting in, we had to wait another 20-30 minutes for the show to actually start. In the meantime, we were subjected to numerous audio advertisements by an obnoxious company that makes subpar sake that SHALL NOT BE NAMED. People, I paid $65 a ticket to sit in the cheap seats. Do not subject me to obnoxious and unnecessary advertisements on top of that. Further, CeeLo himself pitched for the previously mentioned obnoxious sake company in the middle of the show "Hey, I want to drink a spirit that's gluten free," he said. During the show. That I paid $65 to sit in the back for. So by now you're reading this review and you're all "oh boo hoo, you had to wait, and then you had to deal with advertisements! Tell us how the damn show was!" Disappointing. So very disappointing. The first song was "Bright Lights, Bigger City," which I absolutely love. CeeLo starts singing and is seriously phoning it in. Mumbling through the song. I'm not entirely sure that he was on key. THIS IS YOUR OPENING SONG, MAN! And the next song is "Need You Tonight," as in the INXS song. As in, a song that is not anywhere near in that man's range. And yes, it was bad.You know what else was bad? CeeLo was singing to a BACKING TRACK. Yes, I apparently paid to watch CeeLo do half-ass karaoke with a video screen behind him. What, you couldn't trade in the extremely bored looking dancing girls for a real band? Backing track = NO ENERGY and it really showed. After about three songs, there was some sort of interlude that consisted of some guy badly lip syncing to a medley of the hits of Culture Club as CeeLo went off stage for the first of several costume changes. When he returned, CeeLo informed us that this was, in fact, Boy George. Oh, how the mighty have fallen. This then caused CeeLo to go into a whole thing about how bad pop music is today compared to Culture Club. CeeLo, I love you, man. I really do. But as a judge on the voice, a creator of pop music, and an obnoxious shiller of SAKE THAT SHALL NOT BE NAMED, I think you lost your right to talk about the horrors of modern pop music. CeeLo's vocals suddenly got better at this point, though. I'm not sure exactly what they did, but he was no longer mumbling through the set, and most of the songs for the rest of the set were actually not half bad. In fact, I even really, really liked when he did "Storm Coming," one of my favorite Gnarls Barkley songs and a song I was not at all expecting to hear. He also got all or most of Goodie Mob to show up for a few songs, and I think that's the one point where more than 10% of the audience actually seemed to be into it. The costume change intervals, however, remained horrible. The next one contained a dwarf dressed up as a clown lip syncing to "Smiley Faces." Really, a dwarf here for our amusement? What is this, the 1920s? Then another segment featured a video of a woman swallowing a large tube of balloon. This would have been more impressive if they actually got the lady to show up to perform this trick. I guess she's more expensive than Boy George. Anyway, I guess they're trying to go for a vague variety show/carnival sort of feel when they're not going for the "OMG CEELO IS A LADIES MAN, LADIES. SERIOUSLY, LADIES" vibe. The last two songs were, as you'd expect, "Crazy" and "F*ck You." On the former, CeeLo missed his cue to come in for the first verse and just kind of stood there not singing until halfway through. Then he did it again in the second verse! How many times have you sung this song, man? Then in "F*ck You" (featuring an animatronic Chuck E. Cheese ripoff looking fake band. Really, couldn't have scrapped that for some live musicians? Just a DJ even?) he decided he would not sing the f-bombs in the chorus. I don't think this was because of a new found hate of the word, as he did use it during his rendition of "Super Freak," which was not as bad as you'd think, but because he wanted the audience to sing along. Unfortunately for him, most of the audience had lost interest long ago. Overall, the painful thing about this show is that it had so much potential. It could be SO MUCH MORE.
3	I'm rating this show 3/5 simply for the FUN factor.  It's a really fun show that provokes a good time y'all!I will say however, that there were a lot of crappy things that need to be fixed, which is somewhat understandable for a brand new show - I went on the second night - BUT for a VEGAS show, these peeps need to get their shizz together fo sho if they expect to stay alive for longer than a week.The show started an hour late. WTEff dude, not cool!The seats in the theater were absolutely horrendously small, even the skinny bishes were floppin' around attempting to not lay on their neighbor . (Thankfully, we got the hook up and were promptely relocated to the front table section, whew, thank you sweet baby Jesus).It has Chucky Cheese props, drag queen Boy George, a really scary balloon animal chick, lots of sweat on the audience, Goodie Mob, blatent product placement, awesome girl dancers, camel toes a flailin', a fun flash back from the 80's sequin infused magical tribute, and who knew CeeLo was apart of so many groups & songs, this gal had no idea.All around, it was definitely the company we were with who made this show a blast, but I'm hoping CeeLo can get this together, I would like it to stay.  But where was the piano???
2	This show is overpriced and not worth it. I was excited to see the show, but actually found myself yawning and wishing for the next performance. The show started over an hour late and had many empty seats through-out the theatre. This was nothing but a lip synced concert. There is a "bootleg" boy George that needs to be written out the show. I was excited to see Goodie Mob, but was disappointed to hear none of the songs that put them on the "map." The show was about an hour long. The dancers are best part of the show. I have seen many music concerts with better theatricals and performances Overall, spend your money on a better Vegas show!
2	Saw this show this morning ... everything every reviewer has said here still holds true.Unlike the others, I am NOT a hardcore CeeLo fan.  i certainly know who he is, but when I saw him in the Danger Mouse collaboration days, warning bells went off ... he seemed more like a studio and production guy than a live act.And he is.To get a feel for the way CeeLo is presenting, imagine Britney Spears tour highlights, done on 1/10th the budget and no band.  Visually and psychologically, that's what you're getting.I could write pages about this, but it's not worth the effort ... Instead I give you this.Downsides in rough order:* Blatant hardcore advertising of a vodka.  Signs outside the venue, glowing unavoidable signs in the venue, repeated CeeLo voice-overs telling you to drink said vodka before the show starts.  And, as if that wasn't bad enough already, the show stops to toast people in the expensive seats with said vodka.  Right.  In the middle.  Of the show.* There is no performing band of any type.  CeeLo doesn't play any instruments himself.  This isn't Loberace, this is KaraLoke.* The show started very late.  So even though I was holding a midnight ticket, things didn't start until after 01:00.  I wasn't out until after 02:30.  I'm a night owl, but even THAT feels late.* The show is a mishmash concept that doesn't hold together.  If you think of it as a dream, it's not a very good dream.  CeeLo needs to learn that when you're on the Vegas strip (and conjuring images of its biggest-grossing live performer), you're running with the biggest of dogs in entertainment ... you need to step up your game in the city of entertainment or you'll get stepped on.* Repeated blatant sexuality references to the raw sex appeal and freak of CeeLo.  For me, thinking of CeeLo and sex is like thinking of my grandma and sex.* Super-vigilant crowd monitors who were ejecting people for pictures.  The man is watching you.* CeeLo's vocal range and style isn't wide enough to cover all the songs he attempts.The good news:* The dancers are fabulous (if not overly frenetic).  Really good.* THE thing that keeps this show from one-star territory is the end.  The final three songs are Goodie Mob, Gnarls Barkley, and a CeeLo song.  Very, very clearly this is what the crowd's been waiting for, so they BURST with enthusiasm at the thought that they haven't just been completely jacked to the tune of $150 a pair.  It's not a strong ending, it's an excellent ending.  If the entire show was even half this strong, it would be the best thing going in Vegas.Should you see the show?  No.What if you insist?  Show up an hour late.  You may not miss anything anyway, and if you do, you'll still get to see the good part.
2	What can I say about this show? Lots of mixed feelings.First of all, I don't care how famous you are. When it says the show starts at 11, doors open at 10:30, at least try to stay close to the schedule. I can be forgiving if its 10, maybe 15 minutes late, BUT DAMN! You start the show at 11:45? To add to that, there was no explanation whatsoever as to the late start. Now if this was on a friday night, then maybe it just might be okay. But since it was on a thursday, I have to get up for work at 6 am. So by the time I got to bed, it was 2 am. So we sit down at 11:15 thinking it should start soon, maybe 10 minutes. For the next half hour, we hear about 3 announcements stating for us to go get some Tyku alcohol. By the time the show started, some people have left already and some were sound asleep. One thing is for sure, whoever was left was definitely tired.Finally it starts and there is a wild round of applause, probably because it was about damn time! Here is a quick description of the show. CeeLo sings covers of other songs including his own hits while the large screen behind him shows off a lot of graphics, while his sexy backup dancers are dancing along side of him. From time to time he has other performers sing which is a good thing because being the large man that he is, he needs the rest. The two stars are for when things did go right, it was actually very entertaining.Now for the things that went wrong. The number one thing that bothered me and im sure a lot of people were thinking the same thing was that all the singing performers were singing to recorded music and you can tell that they were lip syncing a couple times. The sound quality was off several times meaning the music was louder than the singer and vice versa. Lastly, the flow of the show was very erratic. There was a period when CeeLo finished a song, walked off the stage, and all the lights went out. I would say for about 5 minutes we sat there and wondered if the show was done or if was a real intermission. Then all of a sudden the next song starts. Huh? No flow whatsoever.I got free tickets to this show but if I paid for it, I would be really disappointed. CeeLo, if you are reading this, im sure you are yelling at your producer or whoever is responsible for how this show is run. Im sure it's not your fault. You are good at what you do and there's no denying that. In my opinion, more work needs to be done. Usually the best singing shows have a live band. That right there would be a start. Maybe the next time I see your show again, you will have all the kinks worked out. Only then, maybe I can bump you up to 4 or 5 stars.
3	Why, why , why, why was Ceelo 33 minutes late??????   I could have stayed at the stripsteak restaurant next door and finished a complete meal instead of waiting for him to hit the stage.  The show did have some surprises, like boy george singing some old 80's hits along with the goodie mob.  I also liked how Ceelo came out to the audience to talk to us.  I am an 80's kid so, him singing songs from different era's and groups was cool with me.  I can sing along but, I think some people were just confused.  I had a lady next to me continuously asking me questions.  Also, it would have been nice to have some photographers taking pictures during the show since cameras weren't allowed.
2	Do not waste your money, I waited a long time to see this, and it was disgusting, perverse, if I wanted that I would have attended the peep show before his. He is a musical genius and I thought I would see the costume changes, a PIANO on stage, he is claiming to be representing Liberace, it was a T & A show, lotta "f" bombs, his lip syncing Boy George was an awful look alike, his rant after this guys performance made no sense. Money can be better spent elsewhere
1	Ooooooooh-oooooh, I got some news for you, CeeLo: it takes more than a golden bathrobe to be the next Liberace! You look and sound more like South Park's Mr. Hanky, if he'd been attacked by a BeDazzler!!! This show was cringe-inducingly bad, from start to finish. totally cruise-ship: lip-syncing, half-assing, aggressively slutty dancers, and stage sets not even worthy of a community theater production. REALLY depressing. Cee Lo himself pads around barefoot in the aforementioned golden bathrobe like a cross between Mr. T and Hugh Hefner, while his stable of ho's grind along behind him in a misguided attempt to liven things up by airhumping the crowd to death. The only part of the show that even came close to being entertaining was the last number, "Fuck You," which had a few interesting elements and was actually engaging and energetic. The rest of the show is like having your ears and eyeballs pissed on by Hitler after a big asparagus dinner!!!!Lober-awful!
2	Who knew that 90 minutes was all it takes to turn CeeLo into CeeNO? Like another famous crooner sang, everyone waited FOR THE LONGEST TIME. Doors were supposed to open at 10:30p so most of the crowd was there just before so they could get a seat and plop down - I'm sure I wasn't the only one there way past her bedtime. But nope! The cattle herd into the theater didn't commence until 11:15p and the show didn't start until close to 11:40p, more than half an hour after the original start time. The music itself was upbeat and fun, and the only reason I could give CeeLo's show one more star. If I could call the shots, I'd say put Peep Show after CeeLo. Because burlesque is sexy, and guess what else is? SLEEP. Buenas noches!
1	This show is ridiculous in all the wrong ways. No sets, no band, no charisma from one of the most talented and creative performers around these days.. I genuinely sat through 40 minutes of the show frowning, because i was just confused by what I was watching. It felt like watching a rehearsal that was just to figure out where people should stand or if this bit or that bit would work. Others have mentioned the lack of band, which is particularly insane since 1. Cee lo doesn't actually dance so he needs something else to do, and 2. Cee Lo owns and has played a flaming piano several times! Also, Cee lo, don't ask me to give it up for Boy George as if he's there. That is a stone cold lip syncher and he's not even good.
