5	Excellent selection of designer jeans. No i'm serious. They had a great variety of Rock & Republics!! Oh man, and they had sooo much Miss Sixty clothing. I wish I could afford it all. IThat, and there's not a plethora of skinny Asian girls in Scottsdale. I wouldn't have had to fight for clothes in my own size!!! DAMMIT.I would've walked out with that entire store..
4	Really cool and unique clothes, but like most stores in Kierland very pricey! Awesome designs for both men and women, with really nice accessories too. If you have some money to burn, and want to check out a rock and roll style boutique then 42 Saint can help you out!
3	Yeah.... I don't think 42 Saint is for me.  Not that is bad or anything, there is some nice stuff by way of tanks and simple jersey dresses but its just not my style.  It's a bit too punk/rock and roll for me....I'm much more of a soft girly girl.  They do have a great selection of denim though.  So if you're in the market for a new pair of jeans I would add 42 Saint to the list.
4	This store is so fun and funky. Has a ton of great jeans.
5	I'm a 30-something mommy (been a while since I lived in NYC and rocked wild punky clothes) so at 1st glance, 42 Saint was a question mark for me.  Every time I popped my head into this store though, the sales people were always really cool even when I'd say "I'm not feelin it."  Finally dug into this store the other day and had a great experience.  It's a great place for awesome jeans and accessories that add 'just enough.'.  They have high-end tops/dresses to match, found a lot of mark downs and totally scored.  Peter, the  friendly chain-wearing, pierced, very rock-n-roll store manager offered the hubby a beer while I had my own time (can't beat that!!!).  I usually wear simple more feminine tops but will hit 42 Saint for a punch to the wardrobe and visit their awesome staff.
2	I really wanted to like this place, and, in some ways, I do like it, but it's just too problematic.  First, while I am a fan of cool, rare to unique t-shirts, I'm not quite sure overpaying for average to slightly better than average t-shirts is what I was looking for.  I have a pretty decent hat that I bought from here and a few shirts, they do have some nice sales, but the owners need some help on how to treat customers.While I may not look like a standard-fare, trendy scottsdale guy, wrapped up in affliction and ed hardy, I think owners here are bizarre.  First, every time I see the guy, he has a new look: one time, it was long hair with multiple hair colors and a large patch of the hair on the top of his head missing, and another time he looked like he was trying to give Michael Jackson pointers on how to be a weirdo.  Needless to say, I've seen and interacted with my share of weirdos, but the guy really has a lot of gall in the way he speaks to customers.  Maybe, and this is just a suggestion, he should place a "Members Only" sign on the door.In any event, the bottom line is that this store, at least for the men's clothing, is overpriced and, most times, you have to deal with a shady character of an owner.  Hmm, maybe he should close the place down, I'll reopen it and sell something completely opposite, say, preppy boating and golfing attire, and he can be treated like the douche when he comes in.  Sounds good to me, but I wonder what the cougars in search of hiphugging jeans will think?  Hmm...
5	Ummm...can you say Diesel, Energie, Miss Sixty, Howe...all in one breath, or in ONE store for that matter???Are those brands usually more expensive than a pair of jeans from Target? Yes! That is WHY it is a boutique! Hello? So...to break it down:1. pay full price for name brand clothing2. check out the sales3. avoid the store all together.Personally, I went with option 2. I love certain brands, NOT because of the brand, but because of the materials, design, and look. I absolutely would not pay 90 bucks for a t-shirt. 25 bucks for a unique designer t-shirt. Yes, please. Sign me up.Aside from my rant (sorry), the store is located at the Kierland Commons. The decor is as unique as the clothes that are being sold. The staff is super friendly and helpful. Two sweet ass shirts? 50 bucks total? Hell yes!
5	Definitely shop here if you want to set yourself apart from the Affliction wearing masses.  What you get here are hand selected items from the keen buyers at the store.  They keep a close watch on what is happening in the world of fashion.  Need new denim, this is the spot.  They know every curve of every cut to fit you skinny or plump juicy butt.It does come with a price, but it is a small price to pay.Plus, if you are lucky, you will get a nice cold beer when you shop.  Can't beat that in my book!
4	One of the last surviving local boutiques left in the Valley! I've gotten some cool t-shirts here and a couple accessories. One of the t-shirts was even by a local designer, which is great. Only bummer is that being a small store, they are limited on sizes. It's understandable though. Props to them for surviving the economy and staying true to what they are!I've only met one of the two owners, the guy (his name is escaping me), and he was super nice. We had a brief little conversation about retail in Scottsdale. I'd say if you're in the area, definitely check out this store for some cool finds!
5	Owner was cool
5	Owners are amazing! All of their staff is friendly and very helpful. They offer High-Quality products that do NOT fall apart after the first washing. Very hip clothing that the owners hand pick, Impressive. Expensive?? Yes, but quality usually is! Thanks 42 Saint, keep up the good work.
5	I love, love, love this store!  I vacation in Scottsdale annually, and it is one of the reasons to visit the Kierland Commons.  I am sad to know this funky, fabulous gem has moved.  I guess I will have to uber my way to the new location.
