4	I've lived here for about 6 months now.  I'm not positive if I want to stay or not.  I like the apartment.  It has great space and is less expensive than other apartment complexes in the area.  I also like that they have Friday night food nights and Saturday morning breakfast for free.  It's always been really good.I don't love all the scorpions in my apartment.  Or all of the people who own motorcycles (loud motorcycles) around my building.  Or that rain comes through the windows during bad storms.The biggest thing that I hate is that I get such bad cell service in my apartment.  I have to walk outside when I make important phone calls.  I have called AT&T to see if there is anything I can do, and there is nothing.  They think my apartment may have lead paint that is the reason I don't get service inside the walls, but once outside it's fine.
2	The amount of critters and bugs that I find in my apartment every week is disgusting.  Let's see...inside I have found tons of scorpions, spiders, earwigs, and even a cockroach.Outside I had a black widow and 2 squirrels living on my patio.The apartment complex actually charges you $5 a month for "pest control".  Although you do need to call and request a spraying (The pest control guys come out every Wednesday).  But I've requested and had no one show up twice now.  And the spray doesn't seem to do a thing so it's almost pointless to do it.  Just another $60 you are paying every year for nothing.  They should be spraying around the perimeter of every single building every week.  I lived in a house and when pest control came out, that's what they mainly did.The other thing that I find gross is that there is not a cleaning crew to clean the pool area, especially on Saturday and Sunday mornings.  I have 2 small kids (ages 4 and 2) and I won't bring them to the pool anymore because it's disgusting.  The amount of cigarette butts laying on the ground around the pool is so gross.  They are all over the dirt areas around the trees.  The garbages are overflowing with bottles and red cups on the weekend.
1	Short version: This place is a shithole. Don't bother.Long version: From the moment we walked into the rental office to the day we moved out, this place was a stain.  My husband and I chose Talus as temporary living quarters based on proximity while awaiting the completion of our new home.  In retrospect, it was an impetuous and ill-informed decision.  I suppose our short-term status blinded us, but if you're on the lookout for long-term housing be warned.We had issues with:*  Parking spaces -  We were told it would be two weeks before one was available.  Fine, except in reality there wasn't one available for the better part of TWO MONTHS. *  Structure - It was so fucking loud in that place that we never once slept through the night while we lived here.  Never.  I know apartments have a reputation for paper-thin walls, but trust me, this isn't the first "multi-family" housing situation I've lived in, and the light fixtures literally swayed from the tenants above simply walking around.  I'm not exaggerating.  I won't even get in to the frequent toddler wrestling matches that took place above us.  *  Staff - outside of the initial contract negotiations, nobody here gives a tin shit about the tenants.  Our infrequent complaints were always met with a scowl and were typically pawned off onto another party, if addressed at all. No complaint or conflict was ever sufficiently handled.  *  Grounds - every conceivable surface was covered in dog shit. Constantly.  The pool was consistently green and littered with cigarette butts and spent beer cans.*  Bugs -  Out of control. I've lived in Phoenix for nearly 20 years and have never experienced this many scorpions, ants or crickets.  I'll echo Chrysty C.'s previous complaint that charging for "monthly" pest control ought to negate any pest sightings.  It didn't.  We found several scorpions and countless crickets. We also spent many a night vacuuming ants from our bathroom and bedroom floors.  While the pests mainly infested the interior, the worst area was the water heater closet on the patio - the crickets were so numerous that we began referring to the closet as the "Temple of Doom".  Foul.  It's difficult to pinpoint which aspect was the worst.  Pure suffering for three months.I feel it's important to point out that it's been two years since we lived here (June - September, 2008).  Maybe the situation has improved since we left.  Somehow I doubt it.   Regardless, I'm still upset about our time here, and I thought my fellow Yelpers should know.   Caveat emptor!
4	Sure, you live out in BFE, but the views are pretty and it's a nice area.  Rent is cheap, the floorplans are nice and there are washers and dryers in every unit.  The carpet is good and when things don't work, you can just call and they get someone out within a day to fix it.  The handy men are really nice.I also like that you can pay your rent online... no more dropping off checks, which is awesome.One issue... the customer service.  Now, it's only one chick here that pisses me off because she's just not trained properly on how to deal with people and just doesn't seem to be a happy person... the rest are great and nice. I don't have any issues with "critters" but I'm on the 3rd floor.  I don't hear people thru walls or anything... don't hear the people below me.  I haven't gotten complaints about noise from me either, so it seems like it's relatively sound proofed.
1	The absolute WORST apartment by far I have ever lived in. My biggest problemis exactly how rude and disrespectful the staff is. They completely messed up my lease from day 1. They have also lied to my face on several occasions about giving me a covered parking spot somewhere near my apartment as soon as possible while they give covered spots to new tenants moving in. When I asked the office why didn't I get that spot, the response was "well we have a lot of tenants and it's not like we can think of everyone". There are many other reasons I'm evacuating from this place, but really don't want to make this a novel. So if you're ok with being lied to, living in filth and dealing with more bugs than you can imagine, Talus Ranch is the perfect place for you!
1	the love affair is over, since living here there have been tons of mistakes on my account, maintenance takes about 1 week and ** I was given the wrong info in regards to their transfer policy.the other reviews are true, it is a noisy building but it's an apartment. I lived here for 5 months before getting a parking space.  Now as far as getting the false info from leasing agents.   I am not sure if they are lacking training.   I don't think they are bad people just that they don't want to work at Talus ranch    just like we don't want to live there.     Just like everyone I will be leaving and I won't look back
2	I wish you could rate things separately but, all the stars are just for the way this place looks... Management is horrible and the ladies the in office need an attitude adjustment... They do know we pay they're checks right... Danielle can be nice The apartment sold its self. She was kinda rude until we signed our lease!The other night the security guard was taking pictures of my jeep (which was in in covered) and he was taking pics of my license plate....so, I went out for a walk.. Yeah a "walk" to see what he was doing and he was taking pics of other cars.. I thought maybe it was something they put him up to but WHY would he take a pic of a car in uncovered it's free parking to whoever comes first... did I mention once he acknowledged I was there he was do quick to talk to me and short talk with me.. Ya sketchy.Well the next day I saw Danielle pull up to the phase two and I waited for her shes usually civil with me until I was straight forward and told her the story above... And she laughed at me.... I DID NOT COME TO HER TO GIVE HER A GOOD LAUGH AND I DIDN'T FIND IT FUNNY AT all.She began to walk off and said I'll look into it and nothing else! Rude much. I've had instances where I've called ALL day and no answer but I go up there and they're all there... Wow. Last time this happened I went to pay my rent and it looked like I was interrupting social hour...  They were quick to snatch my check and my nieghbors had the law at my door asking questions about them this was 2 days after i move in...I have never met or seen them and asked a lady in the office if she knew anything. I wasnt trying to be nosey I was concerned I have a baby! Well long story short they told the neighbor who I was and that I was asking them what's up and I was being nosey... Totally unacceptable!!!!!!! Right? Right! Luckily it was nothing and I met a GREAT NEIGHBOR. I love her to death now even though that day when I asked the office... She told me she was crazy! She's really not. How high school.My neighbors across from me were let out of the lease because a scorpion infestation! They're poor six month old got bit and another neighbors little boys were but multiple times! Luckily we know how to do pest control our self. Not lucky that we have to pay 5$ a month for pest control a month and I'm home a lot an never see them.... Ive ha multiple neighbors tell me they feel helpless. There's two complexes here 5$x 100+ apartments.... Imagine the profit they make on us just off pest control.... SCAM I've seen burns twice and the techs belly was hanging out of his shirt and he was spraying the dumpster... Seriously wtf?!?!? Wouldn't that make them run to the apartments. Just sayin. You have to walk with a black light everywhere at night phase twos pool is indeed infested with scorpions under the gill there is millions... What's the point of being home when you can't kick your shoes off for fear of scorpions!!! Fix it already we've all complained enough. I know it's unrealistic to have them all gone but control it!And now for my biggest complaint... The biggest scam... The water.. We were never told when we moved in it was split between the buildings... Wouldn't seem to be a big deal because this is apartments right? No!!!!! We were gone all summer home maybe one week of each month... 68$ Here it's just us and a baby and we work and are never home..on top of that were in a two bedroom the SMALLEST ONE... We have two sinks a toilet a bath tub and a laundry machine we never se and dish washer that explodes so we hand wash...Scam... Last time I paid rent I just asked.... "So is water just split between all of us?" she looked at me like I was stupid.Next time I'll just keep my mouth shut and give you my hard earned wasted money...And to my neighbors above me I understand kids.But seriously allllll night and day I hear doors slamming and it sounds like a dang sumo wrestling. Security has never done anything about it! I've called at least 20 times I've seen them up there ONCE! Wow! Haha. Security right? Isn't it nice when your newborn actually sleeps???? Well I wouldn't know because she's up screaming scared from the bangs all night and pictures on our walls falling.... Oh and when she finally goes to sleep...landscapers are right at her window at 7 am!!!! So cool!!!!!!!! Not. 9 am would even be a blessing when she is up all night from the neighbors above....Does this sound like somewhere you want to live for a year?  Iunprofessional 95% of the time unless your giving them money or not addressing a problem.YOU HAVE TO HAVE A PROFESSIONAL CARPET CLEANING COMPANY TO CLEAN YOUR CARPETS WITH RECIEPT... I've never heard of
1	Horrible office staff! I wrote a review on the other site and I had to delete half of it because, my review was too long. I could go on and on and on. I regret moving in here! I'll probaly stay because, I like the area and my apartment (Stupid right?) and I hate moving. My apartment is fine it's just the staff and the way the run things. I avoid them as much as I can. I am still a little ticked that we were gone for 3 out of 4 weeks last month and our water bill was 68$ for a SMALL two bedroom... They split the water up between buildings... Like really? There are one bedrooms across from me and than the other two bedrooms.... This place is ridiculous... I could have a house for what I pay and not have to deal with the caddy ladies in the office (One of them actually is pretty nice!) THEY NEVER ANSWER THERE PHONES EITHER.... My toilet wont flush and my dishwasher blew up today. What a great day off. I guess I'll have to goto the office tgo use the bathroom all day today because, they wont answer or respond to emails. Sheesh! Also, The security gaurd was taking pictures of cars in uncovered parking! Why would he do that? He saw me outside and started to short talk me. I told Danielle about it and she laughed... I don't find that funny? I didn't go to the office to give her a good laugh either. He has a picture of my liscense plate for god sakes. I heard Phase one is a lot better than phase two and that phase two has a lot of kids in it.. Obviously, because, they are stinking rude! They don't do anything to control the residents street bikes all night here either. They really need to get it together. I loved it when I moved in but, my base rent is 705.... I've been paying close to 1000$ every month after all of their ridiculous add ons. Read the fine print! They charge us 5.00 for pest control EVERY month and I have seen them twice. THEY SPRAYED THE DUMPSTER! WTF! That would make the bugs come this way....
1	Nothing has gotten better here... Let me tell you I have NEVER had a complaint on me and I am rarley home. Well. my neighbors are upstairs and at 1 AM last night I called security because, they're noise level is out of this world and it scares my little one. I have made the office aware of this on several occasions... Well, today the office man Josh told me that the neighbor called complaining that I am noisey (keep in mind that I have never have a complaint and am never home) and told them my husbands alarm clock wakes him up. MY HUSBAND IS HEARING DISABLED. The nerve on these people!! And my "dog is loud and scratches all day" I DONT HAVE A DOG!!!!!!! And, Josh said he is taking the neighbors complaint seriously! I have been complaining for months. i understand they have a kid but, so do I and she gets woken up and is scared of the banging! I would be happy if they transfered us... But, they want to charge us a 250.00 transfer fee and RAISE OUR RENT ALMOST 200.00 FOR THE SAME FLOOR PLAN!!!! If we went to a one bedroom it'd be 78.00$ more...  HOW unfair is that?! I understand apartment living I really do! But, midnight till six am is just tottaly un fair for us. I understand they have a kid but, so do we and we get up early. I cant hear my neighbor next door with three kids! They say were noisey? Every neighbor we have says they dont hear us and they always ask if weve been gone awhile! JOSH ALSO ASKED ME TO HAVE MY NEIGHBORS COME TO THE OFFICE TO VOUCH FOR ME. I find that so unprofessional!!!! Why bring them into this? Why even go that far? Why not transfer us and do the right thing and make us happy. I hope they let us out of our lease... I pay way to much here to be treated like this and go through this stuff. I am RESPECTFUL and if i am home... I am quiet and mostly sleep. How is it I can complain for months and the neighbor says one thing back about me and its taken seriously? Also, I dont want problems its frustrating when my baby screams and can't sleep at night... But Josh keeps telling the neighbor what I say and tells me what he says and that DOES not help at all.... I am sick of this!!!
1	Worst apartments EVER! I lived here for one year and was happy when my lease was up - I left this place so fast! I had a TON of scorpions! One of my neighbors kept her dog on her patio so her patio was always covered in dog poo, another neighbor had a party nearly every night, and another blared the TV at all hours of the day. The walls are thin so that didn't help. The staff is rude and pushy. AVOID THIS PLACE!
1	After standing my ground I was finally let out of my lease. I feel like I was treated like a dollars sign and not a human being at all. I am a mother and whenever my kid is not in a good environment... Best believe I will fight to the bitter end... It should've been a lot less bickering than it was... The major thing that really made me upset was....I had to attempt to get a hold of corporate like ninety times and they NEVER called back I was finally notified by email I could leave... Another thing was Josh telling me that my neighbors had to come vouch for me about my noise issue which was just degrading for me that I had to get them involved. Life after Talus Ranch has been a lot less stressful.. No neighbors up till 3 AM scaring my infants and than landscapers at 7AM waking her up after no sleep! Nice! Another issue is Talus Ranch's CAT issue... I am not sure if a lot of people have "outside" cats or they are lost or just strays but, night before carpet cleaners came (and I WROTE the office about this cat!!!) a cat got into our apartment and peed on our living room carpet... Guess who had to foot the 250.00 carpet cleaning fee... ME!!!!! Wow.... Needless to say I sucked it up because, I just wanted out... I feel like they did whatever they could to pin me with charges because, I got out of my lease free and clear... I don't have to smell marijuana every time I step out side either.. Nice! I don't have to worry about my car anymore either!
1	THIS PLACE SHOULD BE CALLED SCORPION CITY. The bugs are out of control! Crickets and scorpions are literally all over the grounds. Just last night we found 4 scorpions in our house.The floor plans are great, views are nice, however the amount of bugs and how poorly these aparments were constructed is ridiculous. The noise is awful...we hear every single step our neighbors take. Worst experience I have ever had renting in my life.
1	I am done.I keep trying to give them more chances.  Maybe because the rent is cheaper than elsewhere, maybe because I don't feel like packing and moving. But I am done with their shit here.I've always gotten along with the office staff, but I have heard plenty of complaints about them.  My last straw is the amount of noise you can hear.  These apartments have zero insulation.  I can hear my neighbors above me walking, shutting cabinets, running back and forth exercising, rolling a medicine ball.  I can hear them talking, I hear the guy calling his girlfriend a "fucking idiot" and them fighting.  I hear them "making up" after their fights.  Nice....I have 2 kids and I was FORCED to move when I lived on the second floor.  Talus Ranch would not reimburse me for moving costs or anything when I had the neighbor below me harassing me and even at one point yelling the word "Bitch" at my daughter.  But I figured for piece of mind, I would just move to the bottom floor so I wouldn't have to worry about my kids making any noise while playing during the day and having the police called on me.  During the middle of the day.  On a Saturday.  Ridiculous.Anyways, I moved into a different building, bottom floor.  I had 4 people living above me, 2 were small toddlers who ran around and made noise.  Not once did I complain.  When they moved out a couple moved in (my current above-me neighbors.)  They apparently are night people, wake me up when I'm sleeping, have had parties on Thursday nights, have their 2 yappy dogs left on the patio so the dogs crap out there instead of in their apartment I guess.  And not once has the office written them up.  They have woken my daughters up on school nights, and still the office doesn't want to call them to ask them to politely keep it down after 8pm.  Even though I was told I needed to have my daughters not play, run around, in the middle of the day.  I was told that there is no "quiet hours here".  All hours are quiet hours.apparently not.Other fun tidbits to consider if you're even thinking about moving here....They will nickel and dime you for everything.$$$$ for cable, even if you don't want it.  You must get it$$$$ to pay for your rent!!  They charge you extra for sending you a paper bill.  If you opt to have no paper bill, they still charge you $1 to pay online!  How stupid!    With about 24 rent checks per building x I don't know how many buildings, at least 10 or 20, they are making an easy $240 to $480 EXTRA every single month!  Just because they want to charge for us making a payment!$$$$ for pest control$$$$ for garbage collection, although the garbage areas are absolutely disgusting.  Full of rodents, bugs, ants, garbage laying next to the bins BECAUSE THE BINS ARE FULL, not because people can't throw them in.  Huge furniture, beds, couches, left by garbages for MONTHS.   The office continues to do nothing about it even when I informed them that there was a couch out there 2 months ago.  It's still there...almost 4 months later.  And now has a mattress next to it that has been there for over a month.Dog crap is everywhere!  I have a large dog.  And I clean up after him every single time.  They even have blue doggie bags for you to use and people are so incredibly lazy that they can't pick up their own dog crap.  One lazy guy actually bags up his dog's poop, but then HANGS IT from the bag container!!  Instead of just walking the 20 feet to the garbage can!  Unbelievable.Classy people living here....So I am not making it my personal mission to make sure everyone knows about the poor customer service of MAA.  I have complained to their corporate office more times that I can count.Pay a little bit more and go elsewhere.  Maybe you will feel a little more valued as a customer as well.You have been warned!
2	I was recently looking for an apartment and came across Talus Ranch. They have really nice floor plans with good space and relatively cheap rent. What turned me off and why I'm moving into a different complex:Bugs. Touring the apartments you have to watch where you walk because the ground is littered with dead roaches. I also spotted some live spiders in the closets. Fees. You pay a monthly fee for bug control, parking, and you can only have Direct TV, no Cox. And you HAVE to have Direct TV. They tack on $40 a month whether you want it or not. There were also other fees that I've forgotten. I didn't live here so I can't comment on more than what I saw on a tour, but it was enough to turn me off and not want to live there.
1	Scorpionssssssssssss! Scorpions all over our apartment!  I have a baby and we have to move out only after a month of living in this shithole!  I have to pay 2 months rent and a break lease fee of the same amount to keep my baby safe.  The management could care less and of course didn't mention their scorpion problem when they showed us the property!  Don't move here!I just found out that Talus Ranch signed for a package of mine delivered by UPS and Talus Ranch lost it!  I brought in proof from UPS and the complex is saying even though they signed for it thy aren't responsible!  I can't believe how horrible this place is.  I would NEVER recommend this apartment!
1	I lived here for about 5 years and for the last year and a half had a horrible scorpion problem. I complained and filed requests with maintenance constantly, but the issue was never resolved. I have a small child and was fearful that she would be stung. The last few months were horrible. I had to call the front office on a Saturday, begging for a maintenance worker to come up and kill a very large scorpion. They were not there so a lady from the office came with a broom and even she was too terrified to kill it. We had to finally have a neighbor come over and kill it. The last straw was finding 3 scorpions in my bedroom. I gave notice late May and was moved out mid June. I paid the entire month of June's rent, but they charged me a total of $1800.00 for breaking my lease, which was to end in November. I am a single mom, and $1800.00 is a lot of money. Who nowadays can just fork over $1800.00? I attempted several times to work out an agreement and payment plan with management. I was hoping since I had lived there for so long, never late in rent, that they would be willing to work with me, considering the reason I was leaving was because I was afraid to even come home to my apartment, and fear my child would be harmed. Nobody ever returned my calls. They sent me to collections. I called Talus Ranch after receiving my collections letter. Management was cold, non-caring, and informed me that, "They don't do payment plans at Talus Ranch, that your contract is legal binding, and you owe this money. You failed to pay, now you must go through collections." After 5 years of being a loyal tenant, not one person there could care less if they destroy my credit. Not one person there could care less if my child or I are harmed by scorpions. All they care about is money. The management there should be ashamed of themselves. Their business practices are disgusting. I will never, ever forgive them for the emotional and financial stress they have placed on me. I will never recommend this apartment complex to anyone.
4	I've lived here only four months now. I am really happy to say everything has been great. Due to the warnings posted I have the inside of my apt sprayed every month and have had no problems with critters. I have had a couple of times to call maintenance and they have responded promptly. When I first came (from out of state) the staff was really great in giving me some go to places for shopping, eating etc. the only thing  that makes me hesitate in writing this review is that more people will want to move here and I won't have the pool to myself every night!
3	Well the staff and maintenance   crew here have been awesome.  However they raised my rent 100$ per month after my lease was up. I couldn't believe it. And you have to pay for cable even if you don't want it. I've also been stung by scorpions twice. Once in bed while I slept and once by the pool.
1	We have been living in this hell hole for almost 2 years. I literally cannot wait till our lease ends. The staff are rude and bitchy, the maintenance are in my opinion unable to do their jobs. The grounds are covered in dog shit and cigg buds, the trash areas are disgusting and covered in trash and bugs and rodents. The other day I witnessed a terrible dog fight, when i called to report it they acted as if it wasnt a big deal and told me theyd look in to it. The pool is ALWAYS green and when asked about it them blame the tenets and spilling beer in the pool? I have NEVER heard of a little beer to cause an entire pool to turn green. Another thing is the scorpions and bugs, I have a infant daughter and expressed my concern of the scorpions to the office and they literally laughed at me about it. Like it was no big deal. They also give me grief when i call to have the bug guy come spray my apartment. A couple months ago we were paying online and were amazed to find we had been over charged $450.00 when i called to ask about the problem not one of the idiots in the office could help me with the problem they just told me to pay the amount i was being asked, a couple days later i got a not on my door saying if i did not pay the $50 in taxes we owe we would be billed late fees, so i called the office in a rage saying 'why should i pay the taxes when i just OVER payed by $450?" she then just said to pay the amount and any extra would go towards my next month rent. Just last month to pay rent the website was down and no none knew the exact amount we owed, so i went to the office to pay by check and asked the oh so 'nice' women at the desk how much my rent was she said she didnt know and had NO way of knowing, so i told her i would just put it for a little over what it usually is, she in return says "hopefully thats enough or we'll have to charge you with a late fee" EXCUSE ME a late fee? For your piece of shit website not working? You've got to be kidding me. DONT MOVE HERE, spend the little extra and go else where, this place is a shit hole.I really also hope you people read the reviews and fix the problems.
4	Just moved out. Overall Happy.Full Disclosure:  I am a real estate agent and I did not myself live here. I spent a great deal of time here and interacted with the office staff for my boyfriend, who was the person on the lease. He lived there for three years, I was there most of the third. I am writing this review from what he told me and my experience as a live-in guest.Again, I am a realtor and at the end of the day I Make a decision about a rating based on if or if not I could in good conscious recommend a community to a client. In this case I would absolutely be able to tell a client that I myself would live here.Pros:- Good floorplans: oversized, spacious, decently organized.- GREAT maintenance people - attentive to detail and pleasant- GREAT maintenance policies - things get done and get done reasonably quickly- Good front office staff, pleasant, friendly, helpful (see also cons)- workout and pool facilities were amazing- great views- the community felt safe. Well lit, etc.- they were very fair at move out - did not charge us absurd fees - reasonable rentCons:- the office staff did not seem to be uniformly informed about policy - we had some issues at move out - to their credit they went above and beyond to make it right- Thank you to Melissa!- the utilities are mandatory through the complex and not divided well (you have no choice about cable - even if you don't want it) and the water is not based on your own usage. It's not really to be helped as it is not really possible to subdivide by unit in these types of buildings. Still a con, but not a con unique to this property.Overall this is a good company that cares about their tenants.
1	Maintenance here is ridiculous. My bathroom sink would leak like crazy after the warm water ran for a minute. They told me it was fixed, I'd come home turn the water on and by the time I was done taking my shoes off my bathroom was flooded. My kitchen sink started to leak so they replaced it and now I have next to no water pressure. The appearance of this place is getting worse and worse. One example, our pool has been green all summer. Recently, I signed another lease and my rent for a one bedroom went up over $100 a month. That is disgusting to treat a tenant that way. As if they already aren't making a ton of money already, I got charged $50 because my rent wasn't paid on the 1st that was a holiday! I log on to my account on the 2nd to pay, thinking there wouldn't be a problem since the 1st was a holiday. Nope! $50! No grace period, not willing to work with me. I've never been late, ever! And it was the day after a holiday! I don't understand how they can be so unwilling to see the facts and help me out. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
2	I lived at talus ranch for 2 yrs and it went ok.
