3	My perspective of the South Point Gourmet Food Truck Festival is from someone who arrived at 3:30 p.m.  The festival was supposed to last until 5:00 p.m. but a few trucks had already closed down when Diane and I arrived, and most others had "sold out" signs taped over their best dishes.  Lines were 40-plus people long at almost every truck.  When I tried to place an order for Steak Tacos and Steak Burritos at Love Grub, I was informed that only chicken remained.  So, I looked elsewhere.  For me and my food tastes, it was now a choice between Slidin' Thru, a soul food truck, and Pop's Philly Steaks on the  Go-o-o.  Thank goodness I picked the line of 40 people ahead of me for Pop's, because 30 minutes later Slidin' Thru announced from a PA system that it was "SOLD OUT" of everything except French Fries and Porkies.  I hadn't eaten all day, and would not have been happy to wait in line for nothing.  I still sweated out Pop's running out of food, but was able to successfully score a Mushroom Cheese Steak with Onions, Peppers, and Provolone Cheese and an order of French Fries.  I was surprised to be asked which of three cheeses I desired: American, Cheese Whiz, or Provolone.  The Cheese Steak was hot, packed with chopped meat, cheese, and vegetables, and served on a supple, tasty Amoroso  roll.  It was very filling and all I wished for, except I would have preferred that the mushrooms not be of the canned variety.Diane was fourth in line for Ludo Truck when Provencal Chicken ran out.  The chicken she did ultimately purchase was very moist and flavorful, however.  I reached Longboards shortly after 5:00 p.m., and was able to buy two refreshing Vanilla Ice Cream Bars covered with Ghirardelli Milk Chocolate and a coating of Peanuts on one, and Caramel and Oreos on the other one purchased for Diane.  I appreciated being served even after the festival's closing time.  The bars were good but the ice cream was in a very frozen state.It was nice that South Point provided tables and very comfortable cushioned chairs, for I fully expected to be eating standing up.  A cleaning crew and a good show of police on site were also signs of a well-organized festival.  Periodic live music was another nice touch.  Kudos to the Yelper who advised festival goers to bring their own water in a message from the festival site, because only South Point was selling water and other drinks, and it was charging the exorbitant sum of $3.00 for a tiny 12 oz. bottle of water.  Thus, we brought four chilled 16.9 oz. bottles from home.Maybe food truck operators underestimated how many festival goers there would be, and will be better prepared next time.  But, it seems that if a festival is to last until 5:00 p.m., food vendors should not be running out of most everything by 3:30 - 4:00 p.m.  That's the reason for a rating of 3 stars instead of more. Food got cold fast at the table because the air was nippy.  So, I hope this festival returns in a warmer month.  It definitely ought to be repeated.
4	Good concept.  I liked the set up once I got there.  Getting there was the issue.  Please, don't have a sign that says "Gourmet Food Trucks This Way" if you can't turn that way.  Or at least, block off the left turn lane.  Traffic management in this town is so pathetic.Once I got there, the spacious parking lot was ideal for this "clustertruck" event.  South Point provided beer, wine and hard alcohol at reasonable prices - only $5 each.  Lines were a little long but I was able to try 4 trucks in 2 hours so not too bad.  Great to try some out-of-state trucks. Hoping for more of these events!
4	Great event. Gave me a chance to try a few trucks from out of town. It was pretty well organized, held in a spacious parking lot so it didn't feel too crowded. Plenty of room to move around plus there were a few tables to grab a seat and eat. Although the lines were so long (most were about a half an hour wait to order) that once I got food from one truck I just headed to the next one and ate while waiting in line.Loved the pork belly bao at The Chairman Truck. The provencal chicken at LudoTruck was amazing. The ice cream sandwich at Coolhaus was good also. Loved their ice cream but the cookie could have been softer.There was plenty of parking at South Point but by 3:30-4 it was a clusterfuck trying to get out.Let's hope this is an annual event.
4	Arrived towards the latter half of the day so things were starting to run low and made a quick pit stop here since I was joining up with some folks at the Lee's Wine Event at the Hilton.  After about 45 minutes in line at the LudoTruck based out of LA, it seemed like another 45 min before my number was called.  Chef Ludo's European take on southern fried chicken did not disappoint.  With impossibly succulent pieces of chicken aggressively seasoned with herbs de provence, I would have gladly broken into the Colonel's mansion somewhere in Kentucky to steal his secret recipe and trade it in for this one.  To then dip these tender morsels into lemony bearnaise sauce and then pair that with a light homemade cole slaw...it's no wonder one food critic proclaimed this was on his bucket list of 100 bites to take while living in LA.  I was bummed they ran out of the honey lavender biscuits but I'm pretty sure I would have passed out on the ground and gone into flavor shock had I combined it with all the above.  So unfortunate I did not have time to get back in the line for the steamed buns at The Chairman Truck based out of San Francisco or the tasty dessert trucks, but now that I know these guys are not messing around, next year I'm bringing a few buddies and we will stand in separate lines simultaneously and order up a smorgasboard for all to enjoy.
1	We waited an hour, yes one whole hour, in just one food truck line.  Then another 15 mins to get our food, which came out at all different times.  The other issue, food was mediocre at best.  Not really enough food. It was a gorgeous day which helped the cause.  There was alot of people there.  They just needed more food. I kept telling hte people in line that we should all just walk across the street to del taco.  If you had a hot dog vending station here you'd make a killing. We were all STARVING by the time we ate.There were about 10-15 trucks I'd guess and every one had a line that long. Not enough seating, even though there was plenty of room for seats, we had to sit on a curb to eat our food.  Morale of the story, more trucks/ more seats, then I'd be temped to go again.
5	This event made me soooo happy! I found out about it from a retweet on Roaming Hunger's website. I'm from LA and have waiting in line forever for some of these trucks, so I knew I wanted to get there early. At an LA truck event I waited 2 hours for the Ludo truck and another hour to get my food. At this event there were 2 people in line...TWO! I win!! I finally got to try The Chairman which was awesome but on pair with Great Bao here in Vegas. The Chairman was the only truck I tried that I hadn't been to before, but I'm glad I got to share my favorite out of town trucks with my Vegas friends! All in all a really great event with some of the best trucks in the country! I really hope South Point decides to make this an annual event!
4	This festival is no joke! 20 food trucks that were local and visitors from various states! I was by myself and thought to grab my dinner for two here. With various venders serving all sorts of dishes, I thought that I should take the time to try out the out of town slider trucks. I thought that I'd try the nom nom joint but I just felt the opportunity cost would be the same as if I had drove to la to look for it. I mean the wait was like 2 hours long so I passed. Can't blame them though, the nom nom craze was viral through out the festival. I really really wanted to try chairman bao's food because of the great reviews, but I opt for wake n' bake, ludo truck, and of course my favorite Tasty buns! The lines for chairman bao was just too long for me.Now, one thing I will boast about is how much of an awesomely strategic person I can be! I was alone, and I wanted to make sure i got some good eats for two people before I left. So I headed straight for Tasty Bunz first. Their line was the longest wait for me. Knowing that I won't be back to try more for a while, I ordered 6 bunz for $11. 3 piz-a-pizzas and 3 blu. What baffles me is how people can wait in such a long line to only try the garlic fries and not the bunz? Well, but that's just me..anyway. 20 min wait for my food on top of my 30 min wait in line. So while waiting for my order I walked around, and strategized like I was a lieutenant on a food truck mission to yelp the world!After careful planning of what I was to order I grabbed my TastyBunz order. Headed straight for Wake n` Bake, made my order, then headed for Ludo Chicken, and made my order there as well. I must admit. For such a long line, they were really efficient and fast at serving your order! I then went back to Wake n` Bake grabbed my order, and walked away an hour and a half later feeling proud for knocking down 1 local truck and two california based food trucks. My God! It pays to be this awesome!The only thing that bummed me out is i couldn't get a drink if my life depended on it because I only had card, and South Point was only accepting cash for beverages since they were offering all the beverages for all the food trucks. Either than that. It was a pretty successful event! Everyone I knew I ran into, and they previewed the games on the projector and flat screen so that was cool! Can't wait for another round.
4	So fun...I totally had the -itis by the end of the night. The lines were actually not as bad as I expected, maybe because it was a weekday.We decided to ignore the Vegas truck since we live here, but once we saw The Rusty Pickle truck we broke our rule, after we got the soggy bland pickles we kicked each other in the a*s.On to truck 2 and mistake 2, we were starving after waiting all day for the food trucks, we looked for a small line (I know, long lines=good food).Calbi Fusion Tacos...we got the beef. I guess combining Mexican and Korean cancels out the flavor, thats what we took away from this. So bland. Some of my beef pieces were gristle balls, I had to demurely spit them out.On to our favorites we got to end the night on...Devilicious food truck yumminess. I got the Butter Poached Lobster Grilled Cheese, a little greasy, not enough lobster, but I figured it wouldn't. But the taste was great, I would def get it again. Doug got the Virginia ham with Brie and Apples. He loved it. I thought the lobster was better. Food fights are the best fights.I was starting to fill up by this point, but we followed the long lines to the Nom Nom truck...the wait was well worth it. Bacon wrapped Nom Dog. One of the best hot dogs I've ever had. Plump juicy flavorful dog wrapped in thick fatty bacon topped with hot jalapenos, cabbage, and a spicy mayo sauce, all on a soft fresh bun. Nom Nom heaven.For dessert we headed to Coolhaus. I want one of these in Vegas! Brown Butter and Candied Bacon ice cream on an Oatmeal Cookie Sandwich. OMG! Ice cream is soooo good. Cookies were nice and soft, lots of flavor.
1	GEE, i wish i could write a review on a food truck.ANY food truck...but that wasn't to be. Tried waiting in line for nom nom truck.... ridiculous line. gave up after 15 minutes. Tried waiting at the Love Grub Truck but before i gave them my money at the window, i bailed after seeing how there was a TON of people waiting almost 20 minutes or more for simple tacos and such. I was with a baby and I simply couldn't justify standing out there for an hour for food truck food? There absolutely needs to be a better system for this event. Trucks like this simply can't deal with such large crowds. May I suggest you pay up front and then have the order wifi-d to the truck? so the truck wouldn't have a ton of folks waiting off to the side for food? something. anything.I noticed that a lot of the reviews are coming from folks that came early...or from people that personally know the vendors first hand (unfortunate). But for someone that was there around 7:30-8pm.... i"m sorry but this event was a complete and utter mess.(unless of course you had a beer and some friends and could afford to waste an hour)Still trying to figure the meaning of a western movie being shown at the back of the event on a truck side? There was no line at that truck...I guess I should have just nawled on the speakers... OK, then...
4	So many trucks and so little time. Located in the empty parking lot across the street from the South Point, makes it less congested than StrEATS. With 15-20 trucks out, the wait did not feel excruciating either. With everyone wanting Slidin' Thru and Nom Nom, I ventured elsewhere. Stop 1: Ichi Mas- No, Tres Leches Cake equals sad panda. Instead, I got the Ebi Ceviche. It could have used more citrus. Normally mild flavors are ok with me, but this dish didn't leave me wanting more.Stop 2: Cool Haus- Is David tapping out already? No freaking way. I just didn't want to fight the line to come. If it means me eating my dessert before meal, I will do so. Oatmeal Cookie with Browned Butter and Candied Bacon Ice Cream Sandwich is the way to go. Stop 3: Tornado Potato- My friend freaked and made us get in line for this. The Fried Truffle Potato on a stick is reminiscent of a popular snack in Asia was A-OK. Stop 4: Calbi Truck- Spicy Pork Burrito was my counterbalance to my sugar rush. The spicy work was tender and flavorful. Combine that with their fresh kimchi style slaw and cheese was exactly what I needed. Stop 5: Border Grill Truck- Best deal for your money. Chef's tasting came with Quinoa Fritters, Steak Quesadilla, and Churro Tots. All of this for only $10. The starter and dessert were the stand outs. The quesadilla was unimpressive. By the end, I was stuffed.
5	I was debating on whether or not to come by when I saw the words TORNADO POTATO. That was my deciding factor. Got here right at 5PM when there were hardly any lines. Sampled a number of goodies and all for under $35. Devilicious- Tried the sweet potato tots and the lobster grilled cheese. Tots were a little too syrupy but the grilled cheese was yummy!Tornado Potato- Saw it on the Food Network or Travel Channel or something. Had the one with dog with cheese and chili over a Louisiana hot link. I could have eaten two, they were so good.Foxxy Lady's Cupcakes- Delicious Banana Pudding cupcake and amazing peach mango lemonade.Cool Haus- Chocolate chip cookie with dirty mint ice cream. So good.Rusty Pickle- Beignets. They were huge. I'm a sucker for a beignet so this was great since they were hot and fresh (faint pickle taste or aroma but that's okay because I like pickles).Rolling Sushi- Great shrimp tempura roll. While I could arguably get all of this goodness elsewhere and without the craziness of waiting in line, I have to say that I enjoy having something to eat while I wait in line for something else to eat. The atmosphere was fun and everything tasted good. Will be back next time this event rolls around!
4	This was the second food truck festival I've been to in Vegas, so I'm still fairly new to the food truck scene.  There were various kinds of cuisines, which caused me to be indecisive about which foods I wanted from out of the 20 trucks.  I wish I could sample foods from each truck!  I can't complain about waiting in the lines to order, it was expected.  All of the food trucks I went to were efficient (Longboards Ice Cream, Calbi, Pie 'n Burger), even Nom Nom Truck who had the most epic line!  I think there was about 80-100 people in front of us and waited in line for about hour.  The wait was worth it though!  While I was browsing through menus of the food trucks, many of them had unique item(s), so I'm glad these trucks didn't just serve only 'typical' foods.  All these interesting food trucks makes me want to go back to this festival in November, I can't wait to go back!
4	I'm so happy that this was on a day other than Saturday!!!! Some people work on Saturdays like me and always miss out on all the fun stuff that happens. So, having it on a Wed. evening was a nice change to the regular Saturday scheduling.We live close to South Point which is a plus- We arrived like just a few minutes after 5:00pm and was glad to see that lines were pretty much short except for at Nom Nom truck - you would think they were giving away gold !!!!List of trucks in the order visited:1. DEVILICIOUS (San Deigo)-  The Lobster Grilled Cheese was yummers!!! There was a good amount of lobster and it was served with a little side salad-great combo!! On my way out I wanted to try the Nutella Marshmallow Grilled sandwich but the line was too long,it was cold and I was stuffed- 2.THE CHAIRMAN TRUCK (San Francisco)- Pork Belly topped with Pickled Daikon and Shredded Pork braised in a Coca Cola marinade topped with an asian slaw both resting in a soft chewy steamed bun - Hell Yeah!!! They were both Yummers- So yummy that the BF and I went back 3 times. When we went to Off the Grid (a meeting of food trucks) in SF the line for Chairman was insane so we were happy to be able to try out this truck in Vegas and after tasting their food we now know why the people of SF love them!!!3.FOXXY LADYS CUPCAKES(Las Vegas)- I wanted to try the Peach Cobbler cupcake but they said due an earlier event they were out of that (they should've crossed it out then) . They sold me on the Cherry Chip cupcake which was a vanilla cake baked with cherry bits and then topped with a chocolate cherry frosting. The cupcake was a good size for $3.00 each and I thought the cake was moist. I was going to get another cupcake to go but when I passed by they had a pretty long line as well. They are a Vegas truck so I'll see them again.4.TORNADO POTATO(Los Angeles)- My sister saw this truck on the food network so she got a Hawaiian Portuguese Sausage wrapped with a coiled potato then deep fried- This is total heart attack food but man it was yummy...I heard some people same that you can these potato things at fairs/carnivals but I have never seen a potato like this especially wrapped around a sausage. So visiting this truck was worth it in my book....5.LUDO TRUCK(Los Angeles)- Everyone who has tried this truck seems to have fallen in love with the chicken so I knew this was a must try truck. The line was long but with a video screen showing what number was up next everything went smoothly. We got the Chicken breast fingers with Bearnaise dipping sauce and a Honey Lavender biscuit. The chicken was hott (great for a cold night) and the flavor was lemony pepper tasty but I can't help but feel that the breading on the chicken is too much. The honey lavender biscuit was OK- nothing special - my brother thought it tasted like Nyquil. Anyways, I wasn't blown away by this truck....6.ROLLING SUSHI VAN(Irvine, CA)- Lobster Baked Lasangna Roll was yummy- good amount of Lobster for sushi. The presentation was also cute which included a mini umbrella on your roll. I wanted to try other rolls but by this time I was stuffed....7.CALBI TRUCK(Los Angeles)- From the name I thought this truck specialized in "Kalbi" but a beef taco is the closet thing to Kalbi at this truck. The BF and I shared a spicy pork taco and it was pretty good- pretty small- but still pretty good.8.ICHIMAS(LAS VGEAS)- My sister bought some wings and spam musubi's from here. The wings were good and different- not your typical wing thats for sure. It wasn't drenched in visible sauce but instead were marinated good with an asian mix of sauces and spices. I didn't try the musubi's but they looked yummy and were laced with mayo and another sauce. I wanted to try the Strawberry Tres Leches cake that everyone raves about but they didn't have it that night.9.LONGBOARD'S ICE CREAM(Los Angeles)- I love Mango so you can imagine just how excited I was to read that other than the typical Chocolate and Vanilla flavors that a Mango ice cream bar was an option. YAY!!! Ok so I had the Mango Ice cream bar dipped in milk chocolate and then one side had crushed potato chips and the other side had rice krispies. I loved it - funny thing is everyone at my table said my combo was weird but when they tasted it - they all agreed that it was yummy!!! YAY FOR MANGO ICE CREAM BARS!!!!10.COOLHAUS(Los Angeles)- This was my biggest disappointment of the night- I got oatmeal rasin cookies with Apple Pie ice cream- The cookies were so hard- when I think oatmeal cookies I think chewy not rock solid hard. The ice cream was OK - nothing special I mean the apple taste was so darn faint that it almost wasn't even there.... Not to mention that I thought that they made a mistake cause there was red velvet stuff on it and the lady said "Oh it must be left over from the last order- Sorry" 11.BBQ BOY(las Vegas)- Yummy BBQ - ENOUGH SAID!!!This event was TOTAL FUN- South Point Please have it again!!!!!
4	Complete amazingness.  And this is coming from a vegetarian girl that couldn't eat at 95% of the trucks.After fighting for a parking spot at South Point, we followed the crowd across the street to the place where dreams are made of.  It was a complete mad house to say the least.  The husband and I came up with a game plan to hit up as many trucks as we could.Nom Nom was of course a fan favorite, considering it was on Food Network and all, and it had an enormous line.  The husband kindly offered to wait in line there while I went off to explore what other deliciousnesses could go in my belly.The goal: get to every truck that had a veg option, starting with the one with the shortest line.  That ended up being Calbi.  I ordered the Tofu Burrito which I got in no time flat and promptly walked it over to my husband in line to share.  The burrito was so good- tofu cooked in a spicy chipotle sauce with some cabbage and other veggies.  Not sure what all was in the burrito since I was too busy scarfing it down.  Extra points to Calbi for having really friendly people working there.Then I searched hopelessly for a while.  What's a veg girl gotta do to get in on this truck action?  Finally, I saw some veggie tacos were available at Love Grub and got in line.  I wasn't terribly interested but I was afraid this might be the last place that had a veg option so I made the stop.  Well, after 5 minutes of not seeing a single person place an order, I decided to get out of line and move on.Next up, The Chairmen truck.  Although the line was a little long it went quickly and I got me some awesome Crispy Tofu Bao.  Back over to the hubby in line to share.  These were really good and the tofu had great texture.Just as we finished our bao, our order from Nom Nom was finally ready!  We started off with a tofu taco that I really liked.  I have to say I was a little disappointed with the banh mi though.  It was good, especially the bread, but the filling-to-bread ratio was off and halfway through I bit into some superhot pepper or jalapeno or something.  I couldn't taste anything for a couple minutes afterwards because of the deep burn.We had patience (and cash) for one last stop, so of course we needed to get some dessert at Cool Haus.  It took an awfully long time to get through this line even though there weren't that many people.  I got the red velvet ice cream (awesome) with double chocolate chip cookies (also awesome) and salted caramel hot chocolate.  While the ice cream sandwich was good, I think they just gave me a boring old regular hot chocolate- there was zero salt and zero caramel flavor boo.We tried to make a quick stop at the cupcake place but they had already sold out even though it was an hour before the event was over.  Maybe next time.Lots of fun, lots of yummy food- I can't wait for the next one!
5	Admittedly, I've been a little slow in getting on the whole "food truck" thing.  I remember what we lovingly called "roach coaches" back in San Diego, and while it was good, it was more a convenience than a following.Past Yelp events "hipped" me to the whole concept of all the multiple foodstuffs these mobile restaurants offered, so I figured "why not", when this was mentioned on the site.I had no idea.The first thing that gets pounded into your skull the second you walk within vicinity of the area are the smells.  All of it smelled good.  All of it.  You would only need to walk a few feet before you got pelted with an all-new, but equally delicious aroma.  There were the regular Vegas trucks, as well as ones from California and Colorado.I had to choose wisely to conserve stomach space.  I started with this amazing lobster grilled cheese from the San Diego based truck (Devilicious), and it was ridiculously good.  I tried a little Filipino food (Sisig!!!) thanks to my friends (mostly hung with Nelson and Sylvia), and saved room for desert consisting of shave ice, which will be a whole review in itself.While all of this was happening, they had a John Wayne movie playing in the background, so at least during long lines, you had a good film to watch.  I was set throughout the event, and massively full by the end of it.So I'm a food truck convert now.  I see what both the appeal and the fun of it is.  I ran into friends all night long, great entertainment, smells that nearly bowled me over with wanting to try it all, and a great time.  If they return again this year, I will most certainly make my way back.
4	What a great event. This was my second time attending, although first time with the wifey. Both times there were 20-30 different food trucks in attendance, some from as far away as LA, SF, or even Denver. Of course, we made it a priority to sample from the non-local trucks, in particular: LudoTruck (LA), Chairman Bao (SF), Biker Jim's Dogs (Denver), and Cool Haus (LA).LudoTruck makes some damn tasty fried chicken (breast) but their Asian-style wings and honey-lavender biscuit were only so-so for us. They also charged $2.75 for a tasty, but very small portion of french fries. During the first fest, they had a fried chicken/fries/cole slaw combo for $8.25. This time around everything was a la carte and ALOT more expensive. We would probably get the fried chicken again, but for the price everything else is not worth it!At Chairman Bao, we tried the 4 different kinds of steamed buns. They were tasty overall, but nothing spectacular. Unfortunately, the pork belly bun was overly fatty with very little actual meat this time around. This is something they should pay closer attention to.Biker Jim's serves gourmet sausages like Alaskan reindeer, elk, pheasant, or just a plain ol' hot dog cradled in a toasty hoagie and smothered in cream cheese and caramelized onions. I tried the elk the first time and the reindeer the second time around and they are both very tasty. $7 does seem a bit on the steep side though.My wife's fave was the ice cream sandwiches from Cool Haus. Basically how it works is for $5 you choose what kind of cookie and ice cream filling you want. According to their website, they have a large variety of unusual flavor combinations that they rotate through. The sandwiches are pretty large but we still got 2 different cookie/ice cream combinations. Our favorites were the snickerdoodle cookie and Thai iced tea ice cream.All in all, a very enjoyable event. It certainly helps to go with others so you can sample more things and wait in different lines simultaneously. Although some trucks accept credit cards, I think most only take cash. I'd suggest bringing your own drinks unless you don't mind South Point charging you $4 for soft drinks. We look forward to attending the next one.
4	Drove down Las Vegas Blvd and passed by this packed parking lot. So, of course, my favorite thing to do is burn rubber and take a food pit stop!There were two trucks I recognized; the Chairman Truck and of course the Nom Nom Truck. The lines were incredibly long and I was too hungry to wait so I left.Even though I didn't stop to eat I was sure sold on the event. I'm definitely returning to this festival. Some of these trucks can be found in the Bay Area and down south so I'm not too much in a hurry to eat here. Plus, it's not like Jenn and Misa from Nom Nom were there. Otherwise I'd be in line =)
