4	My company is into giving back to the community, so they invited my department to volunteer at St. Mary's during work-hours this week. It was a great experience and I would do it again! We filled boxes that get passed out to families in need. It makes me feel so good to volunteer and help others. And I feel so lucky to work for a company that supports and encourages this kind of service! St. Mary's was the first Food Bank in the world, they have expanded into a national effort. I also learned that 1 in 5 children wake-up and go to sleep hungry, 1 in 7 adults (18-64) have to decide between eating or buying things like gas/rent/bills/etc, and 1 in 12 seniors (64+) are struggling with bills/medical needs/food.Help someone else and make yourself feel great - volunteer!!
5	My coworkers and I were invited by the Tempe Convention & Visitors Bureau to volunteer for a few hours this week at St. Mary's Food Bank.  Being Thanksgiving week and the fact that mom is in town, we thought it would be a good way to spend an afternoon.  It was...and even more so than I expected.There are apparently 3 St. Mary's locations around the Valley and it boggles my mind thinking about all the people they serve.   We arrived at the warehouse and to my surprise there were police everywhere -- directing the massive flow of traffic for folks needing food this holiday.  We spent several maniacial, fun & crazy hours packing bags, loading carts and slinging turkeys and veggies for families lined up for a mile to receive food.  It was organized chaos, but sooooo much fun.The amazing thing was that we were jamming out cart after cart (each shopping cart could accommodate 6 shopping bags of foodstuffs for needy families) of donated deliciousness and the line out front consumed them as fast as we could create them. Some folks got 2 bag dinners: 1 bag with pasta, rice, nuts and canned goods with a frozen turkey, bread, tortillas & frozen veggies -- and 1 bag with fresh celery, cabbage, potatoes, fruit, onions and such.  I ducked out front once for a smoke and was deeply touched by the smiling, thankful faces of people receiving their Thanksgiving dinners thanks to St. Mary's.  I've never volunteered my time like this before and frankly it was so fulfilling, I think I need to make this a "more than once a year" activity.  Huge kudos to the generous and selfless folks at St. Mary's as well as all the volunteers from my  company, the Tempe Convention & Visitors Bureau, and the teams of other random volunteers who helped bring so much simple( yet necessary) joy to so many families in need right here in Phoenix.
5	I work for the same company as the first reviewer and this week it was my department's turn to volunteering at St. Mary's. This was actually my third time volunteering for the organization as it is an annual event for my team. In prior years I haven't been into volunteering because I was basically an ass and didn't see the benefit in it for me. Personally, the past six months have seen some really good highs as well as some very bad lows, but I met people who helped change my perspective on helping people and giving back to the community.  And even though it should be a year-round thought and not only be about this time of year, the need is more visible during the holidays. Knowing that people are struggling and seeing the good this organization does for people really does make a difference. With my family back East and just me here in Arizona I don't participate in the holidays, but spending time volunteering or supporting local charities is a great way to give to those who are in need and I have discovered the good feeling it brings.The first reviewer provided good quantitative data on the number of hungry children and adults living in the country today. With 3 grandparents still living, I am sensitive to the needs of our seniors and the struggles they face with heating bills and medication taking money away from food expenditures. Another thing that impressed me with St. Mary's is that it was the country's first food bank, founded back in 1967.A difference this year in comparison to my first experience with St. Mary's is the impact the economic downturn has had on families. Due to increased unemployment, cutbacks in jobs, rising bills and other concerns, many more people are facing hunger this year than ever before. That puts extra pressure on organizations such as St. Mary's to meet the demand, and that is accomplished in part to volunteers such as you and me. We were told that last year they served more than 65 million pounds of food - enough for 300,000 meals per day - do Arizonans alone. With unemployment continuing to increase, that number is sure to be higher this year. The volunteer staff member told us that the emergency bags they assemble, which is for people who just lost a job or are in immediate need and not yet in the system have seen an increase of 400% this year.My group today totaled about 60 people and we filled boxes for 2 hours. When you volunteer, the cool thing is the volunteer staff member will total how much food the group assembled and how many people it helped. With our work today, she said we bagged 6800 lbs of potatoes, 2230 of the emergency food bags (which she said would be gone by this evening) and 15,200 lbs of prepared food boxes (550 boxes on 22 palettes). All total for the day, the grand total with prepared boxes and food bags, she said would be enough to feed 35,200 people. Granted we had a big group, but for just 2 hours of help, that is a big difference. The sad thing is with the number of people coming in for assistance, that food will be gone in a couple of days.I would encourage everyone to take some time out of the schedule and help out. A little bit does go a long way and those recipients greatly appreciate what they receive.
5	i don't say, too many prayerssaint or sinner, i don't carewhich is worse, which is bettercorinthians, apostles' lettersdon't read the bible, preach the wordno born again, but i have heardof saintly acts, around this townthe volunteers, each morning boundunselfishly, they give their timea day, an hour,  can remindyou how, sometimes, the way things goto count your blessings, never knowhungry, homeless, most are blessedSt Mary's cares, for all the restfeeding famished, forty yearsdonations come, from far and nearwarehoused, sorted, then sent outdeserving families, who, no doubtwould otherwise, just not be fedbut gratefully, they go to bed with bellies full and filled with hopethanks to St Mary's, most can copewith unemployment, cost of gasmounting bills and dwindling cashhumbly they come, take what they needa box or two, enough to feed their families, ease their malaisefor weeks, or just, a couple daysso volunteer, you wont regretit's what you give, not what you get    easy to say, you could, or shouldbut doing good, will do you goodwe just showed up, put us to workboxes of apples, stand and sortwith kids from SARRC, autistic, allhttp://www.autismcenter.org/default.aspxjoked and laughed, sacked and hauledbags and boxes,  we 'gotter dun'side by side, some old, some youngso be a saint, they need your helpthen write and post, reviews on yelpthat maybe, someone else might readand too, will help, good folks in need
4	A great help to the community but it's a shame they stopped selling the boxes for those of us who need just a little help. I'll have to check out their new store but it's only open half a day.
4	I volunteered here with about 20 other co-workers and I full recommend donating or volunteering your time to assist them.  They are the 2nd largest food bank in the country and AZ statistics are not favorable in seniors, families and children not knowing where their next meal is going to come from.  They were extremely organized in getting us all together and I am very proud to have volunteered my time there.  Several of us are planning on going back once a month to give back even more.
5	I have to say this was a very rewarding experience. I have never voluuntered in food bank before. I know how much work it takes to get the food to all the people in need. I would totally recommend everyone spending a couple hours volunteering.
5	There are many people in need of food.  Sometimes we take for granted how blessed we are to have what we need.  St Mary's helps those who aren't so fortunate.  Whenever there's a food drive, our family ensures that we donate several bags of food.  We make sure it's non-perishable and that the packaging is durable so that it can be easily stored, transported, and distributed.As long as they continue to help feed the needy, we'll keep coming back to assist.Return Factor - 100%
5	At least once a year my team at work volunteers for a different organization. This year I was asked to set us up at Saint Mary's Food Bank. We have volunteered for them in the past by filling boxes with food on an assembly line but this time we requested to work closer with the community. We were sent to do distribution which involves filling carts with various items, milk, water, fruits, vegtables, bread, a box filled with rice and beans and meat(that day it was whole frozen chickens and turkeys)a box filled with rice and beans and things. Depending on the various factors like size of family determined which type they were given. One particular cart was called holiday and Cheryl who worked at the front counter taking forms would call out HOLIDAY practically singing like the Madonna song, with a smile and enthusiasm every time. She handed out lollipops to each child and greeted everyone with such warmth that it made others smile! Will who showed us the ropes, smiled and had a joy that was contagious put us to work and within no time we were filling carts, greeting people and pushing the carts out to fill people's cars. I was amazed at how many people flooded in to receive food from, volunteers taking food to churches, or those unable to come in, families with young children, the elderly, Vets, and single individuals in need of food and so grateful to receive it. The facility is open from 9am to 4pm and in a day provides carts for up to 500-600 people. Food is donated by different sources such as stores, individuals, and some government provision. With cutbacks the need has become greater as well needing volunteers to assist, it was a lot of work and I lost count of how many carts I pushed and unloaded into vehicles. I seemed to have my own cheering section as I ran (yes ran) the carts up and down the ramps. There was an elderly gentleman sitting inside his Allstate truck who nodded, smiled and gave me a thumbs up every time I ran by which made me smile and motivated me to work even harder.One thing that touched me the most was a couple whose cart I was going to take to their car until I realized they didn't have one; they had both rode in on bicycles. They opened their backpacks and I assisted as the carefully tried to fit everything in them. What items didn't fit, like the box and the gallon of water they chained to their bikes. They struggled as they loaded the heavy backpacks on their backs never complaining, only saying thank you. We said our goodbyes and I had to turn away as for a moment I lost my composure which I wanted to mask. How hungry must they be and how motivated to haul such a load to provide what may have only been a few small meals. As a single parent I have often struggled, cut coupons, skipped meals, to put meals on the table for my children, but I was made more thankful and aware that day of how truly blessed I am.If you are able to donate, whether it be from your wallet, your pantry, or your time you will receive a blessing that cannot be measured!Thank you Saint Mary's, you are a jewel in the community!
5	Volunteered here last year with my boyfriend. We loved it! So many families and groups showed up to help box meals for families in need. It was a very humbling experience and I encourage everyone to give back. St. Mary's was easy to get to and the staff is so appreciative of everyone's help. I am bringing in a group from work here next month to do the same thing! Looking forward to seeing them experience the same feeling we did.
5	How can a food bank who does nothing but feed the hungry get anything but five stars?! Not only are they a major food bank in Arizona but they also happen to be the world's first food bank as well. I love supporting St.Mary's because they feed the hungry many different ways. They have a culinary program, they have a hot plates program to feed hungry school children, they have a food bank that allows walk-ins to get bags of food, they have a delivery program to feed the elderly and they even support disaster relief programs as a first responder. Over the years, I have supported St Mary's through both monetary donations and volunteerism. They are always looking for volunteers to help them pack boxes and I hope to help even more in the future. Even if you don't have the money to donate, donate your time by volunteering!
