5	The hotel recently renovated and has the new Holiday Inn Stuff. I was really impressed with the size of the restaurant and Bar. Wow, outdoor seating, plasmas, not your normal Holiday Inn. The location is in the heart of the University area, which felt pretty safe throughout my stay. The staff was very welcoming, the hotel had a work out center and a pool. Great place, nice people.
2	Okay, Douglas, you cannot give a Holiday Inn 5 stars.  Think about it.  If the Holiday Inn gets 5 stars, what does the Westin get? 10?  What does the Fairmont get? 15?  The grade inflation on yelp is retarded and you're not helping anyone by doing that.This is a 2 star hotel.  yes, the staff is kind, there is a pool, and a small workout room.  But the infrastructure is poor.  I'm listening to both my neighbor's television right now, and my other neighbor switching his lights on and off.  I'm not kidding.  The walls are that thin.
3	This is a standard business hotel. It is a bit run down. The hotel is close to Carnegie Mellon University (~1 mile) and also close to University of Pittsburgh. They see a lot of service and it is a busy hotel. The rooms are quite large and the beds are comfortable and large. The rooms have free internet and the speed is OK. The internet is wired in the rooms but wireless in the lobby. They hotel does not really have to do much to attract given their location, which in some respects is reflected in their service. The service is not bad but generic business type service.
2	A bit of a run down hotel in a location convenient to CMU. Everything is clean and functional, but really doesn't stray far from functional.It also has a few oddities. The bathrooms have full-length mirrors that face the toilet. The net connection is slow enough that it's not great for doing business (e.g., VPN). My wireless modem is as fast or faster. Service was kind of perfunctory and cool. Not a bad thing, but not something to recommend either.Rooms are large. Beds tend toward the soft end of the spectrum.
3	We ended up at this hotel thanks to a winning $50 bid at Priceline.  We were in the room only to sleep and found it comfortable enough for that purpose.  The free wifi was nice too, and both the room and the bathroom were spacious enough.  They use Bath and Bodyworks lotions and shampoos, which is a plus in my book. Upon arrival, we found the main doors to be broken, so we had to use the smaller, non-automatic doors to carry our large bags in through.  At 8PM when we arrived, the halls were littered with used linens, but other than that, it was clean. We never heard any of our neighbors, but the place seemed pretty deserted, so there may not have been any neighbors. Our "do not disturb" sign was missing from the room, so one had to be retrieved from the front desk.    Parking is $18 a day, but there is free overnight parking on the streets until 8am, at which point it is two hour, metered parking until 6pm.  Staff extended our check-out until 1pm and was friendly enough. I would stay here again if we got a good deal on Priceline and were looking for a no-frills place to crash, but I'd also look around elsewhere for something a little nicer.
2	Looks like Tracy K. and I were probably on priceline at the same time and scored the same deal.NOTE: If staying on the weekend call the hotel first and find out if they are having a band play in the bar. There was a very loud Jazz Band that played from 10pm to around 12:30am and kept me up because if felt like we were basically right about the bar, even though we were not.Place is okay for a hotel. Standard all around. Not a bad location if it's not new years day and the restaurants nearby are actually open. Why I gave 2 stars was because of the horrendous meal and service we had in the hotel's restaurant. My wife had tomato soup and grilled cheese which was literally inedible and my gyro was not much better. The wait staff basically forgot about us, which seemed odd because we were one of three tables being served and they had about five waiter/ess working. So I cannot stress enough AVOID THE RESTAURANT IN THIS HOLIDAY INN.
2	I must not have great luck with Holiday Inns, especially in Pennsylvania. This hotel is decent enough in terms of looks and rooms, and pricing. However, one really annoying thing about it is their vending machine situation. They are not very well-stocked, and I was sent to multiple floors by their lobby staff, all in the search of a bottle of water
2	I stayed at this hotel during my recent visit to University of Pittsburgh, and have to agree with all the other reviews that this place is mediocre.  The chair in the room was worn out and not comfortable.  The internet connection was very slow and difficult to use.  Some hotel worker opened my door, and exclaimed "Oh, sorry!  I thought this room was empty.  Did you just check in?"  I had, but nevertheless she shouldn't have just opened the door.
3	Visited Pittsburgh back in March and stayed here for 3 nights. Got a decent price on Travelocity so I figured I couldn't go wrong...Pros: Right in Oakland, so there's easy access to almost everything, whether you're driving or taking public transit. Lots of bus routes to go downtown on Fifth Avenue or eastbound to other neighborhoods such as Shadyside. Friendly front desk staff. Right in the middle of the Pitt campus if you're planning on visiting there. The hotel is also close to Carnegie Mellon as well. The place was recently renovated and had all the things a hotel should have. Free internet and Bath and Body Works toiletries were nice. Bed was comfortable and came with a choice of firm or soft pillows. I forgot my toothbrush, and they had some extra ones on hand at the front desk, which was cool. Cons: The parking situation in Oakland kinda sucks. You can try your luck with street parking; two hour metered during the day and it's free after 6pm. Parking in the hotel was expensive; $20/night with unlimited in and out privileges. The garage was packed because it is shared with UPMC during the day. The hotel was also sold out that weekend, so it was packed even after hours. The garage is several levels and I had no problem finding a space on the 2nd or 3rd levels. The internet access is wired, not a big deal but I would've enjoyed being able to surf the web and watch streaming movies from the comfortable bed. In the end, it wasn't a bad place to stay. The location is ideal, the beds were comfortable, the staff were friendly, and the hotel bar was certainly a good place to have a quick nightcap before bed!
2	Rooms are ok. Service is ok. At the price I paid, everything is ok. Ok is not good enough when compared to other places I have stayed. The Holiday Inn Express hotels are far better than this Holiday Inn. Everything here is plain, simple, and it feels like it should be a discount brand for a Quality Inn or Motel 6.. Sad to say that not all Holiday Inns are created equal.
4	This hotel was very convenient to the event we were attending.  It was clean and comfortable on the inside.  The room was nice.  The room service was tasty and quick and it was expensive but that's room service for you.  I thought it was a little overpriced for what it was, but I guess that's because it is right near the university.
3	Very clean, friendly service, quiet, and close to some great spots to eat.Not a fancy place by any means, but perfect for a place to sleep, and a clean place to shower, and great central location to the University and nearby restaurants (like Pamela's for breakfast, or Food n Fuddle for a beer and dinner)
3	This is the 2nd time I've stayed in this hotel. This is a real business traveler's opinion:POSITIVES:The room is larger than some.The bathroom and shower are largeClose proximity to University of PIttsburgh & Carnegie Mellon University.The resturant, while pricey has an accessible lounge with good portions.The staff has alsways been very friendly.NEGATIVES:Tecnology needs updated..The internet connection in the room is slowThe TV is old (tube type without HD), and channel selection is somewhat limited.There are 2 (TWO) phones in the room.Power jacks for electonics is limited to 1 desk lamp outlet. ]The desk chair was lop-sided. The Hotel parking is a little pricey $20.00 overnight - but there's not a lot of options.The hotel also has raised my nightly rate each of the four times I've stayed due to "fluctuating demand".Overall, this is a nice hotel - close to campus/medical center, but if you can walk a few blocks or drive a mile, you might find better bargains.
2	Stayed in this hotel for a wedding, and there were at least 6 other weddings who were staying at this hotel. Which is fine, but the hotel was not equipped with the staff to deal with the volume of check-in. It took forever to check -in and check-out, and even though check-in isn't until 4pm (which is not abnormal), our room wasn't ready until 4:30. I think that's kind of unacceptable when check-out is 11am. The front desk people were not very helpful and never answered the phone when I called from the room.The hotel itself is fine. Pretty good value, and close to Pitt's campus. Not close to much else, but that's okay too.
4	This is our first stay at a Holiday Inn, as I thought the hotel chain was a bit old and dated.  We have stayed in numerous hotels in the University Area & downtown Pittsburgh.  This hotel was superior to the other hotels in the same price range.    Nice clean large room.  great bed.  No issues checking in.   it is a three star hotel, so it is basic, but much better than the other hotels in the area.And we parked our car on the street as the neighborhood is totally safe.  No need to pay the parking rates.
1	Pretty disappointed in the customer service. I booked 1 room for 2 nights, had an emergency / last-minute need to cancel/change my reservation and they refused to refund anything (according to "Paula"). I can understandably pay for the first night we didn't stay, but requiring me to pay for the second when we never checked in, thus aren't in the room, and have been trying to cancel quite early on in the day is bad business.
4	Stayed here a number of times when I was back in the area visiting old college friends.  The location of this hotel is very convenient to both Pitt and CMU.  They also have comfortable beds and an indoor pool (although I've never been swimming there.)The hotel has recently been updated and I think it looks pretty ok.Parking is avalible if you pay extra.
4	My boyfriend and I booked a last minute room at this hotel on Hotwire.com for a great rate for New Year's Eve. I was really impressed with the lobby upon walking in and our room was definitely above average. It was really convenient to downtown and Mt. Washington (where we spent NYE) and in a quiet area of town when going and coming for the evening. The parking was $20 for the night in their garage but we didn't mind springing for it. I would definitely stay here again.
1	Stayed at the hotel for 3 night. It is a decent place. Price a bit high for what you get. The issue I had with them was that, I was called at 5:30am by the front desk telling me that my credit card declined. When I complained about the time of the call being inappropriate, I am being told that the lady at the front desk is responsible since she checked me in. No apology given.
3	You must be paying for the location at this hotel because it's not anything special. I believe it was recently renovated so the rooms are nice enough, and so is the lobby. Bathrooms...they cut corners. It has a decent bar/restaurant that catered our event's cocktail hour. No complaints.Front desk staff were somewhat helpful but definitely not above and beyond in any way. Got the feeling that they were bothered by their jobs. Overall lack of eye contact and just a blah attitude. No smiles. no warmth. Very cut and dry. An automated check-in kiosk would have been just as good actually.Stayed in another hotel on a subsequent night and it was a noticeable difference: smiles, eye contact, some small talk. That makes all the difference.Maybe the Holiday Inn crew was burnt out, short staffed etc. They do have a lot of people coming through. If you can get a room elsewhere, you might want to. This is nothing special.You'll get a nicer room, and friendlier staff if you go just a half mile further into Shadyside.
