1	Bed bugs (rm 119)! Uninformed front desk staff in early morning (no suggestion about jogging path at 630am). Broken (until further notice) hot tub. No complementary coffee in morning.
3	I've stayed in three different hotels in the K-W area, and the Waterloo Inn is just a bit better than all of the rest. The rooms and bathrooms are clean, the beds and linens are nice enough. But there's just no extra "oomph" to make this place really worth the extra money. The really big advantage of the Waterloo Inn is it's location if you're working at Manulife, OpenText or RIM. You can practically fall out of the room and into the office within 5 minutes. (Also, I checked my bed for bed bugs as soon as I got into the room. The mattress was very clean if not practically new. So I'm not so sure about the review before me. Plus my room had complimentary coffee. *shrug*)
3	Well Waterloo Inn. I can't say that it was a total flop, but have I experienced better - definitely. My vanpool driver told me that the hotel was rebuilt in the 70's, not surprising by the looks of the decor. Too many hanging plants for my taste. The room was decent, mattress soft, towels rough, flat screen TV, room service 24 hour (that's the highlight) - food was OK. The staff was incredibly nice and that above all else is what makes the Waterloo a place I'd come back to if I had a quick trip. I wonder where the employees from companies like KPMG, PwC,RIM etc. stay...is there a fancier place perhaps?
4	Not bad at all. The restaurant needs a lot of work but this is a decent hotel with above average service. I love their support of local community and arts projects like the comedy fest.
4	Our stay at the Waterloo Inn was definitely satisfactory, and there were a few pleasant surprises along the way. I had to do a bunch of scanning, and they took care of it for me and emailed me everything. Also, the room service was quick and good! However, the restaurant I never actually went to because they seemed to have odd hours. Rooms are basic, comfortable, and just fine.The good: most folks were super friendly. The courtyard my room opened on to was top-notch and lovely.The bad: the night front desk guy is somewhat rude.The strange: the lobby has all sorts of interesting chair configurations. There's even a CEO-esque desk by an aquarium. Particular for sure.
4	Went here for a few events (never stayed overnight though). The staff is knowledgeable, helpful, and quick. Sometimes, they go above and beyond the requirements. I remember when an older woman mentioned she was diabetic, but did not pre-order her food specially. But the serving and kitchen staff were able to make something for her promptly. Great experience overall.
3	Good, but not great hotel in Waterloo. Nothing was unclean or bad, but the rooms were quite dated and in need of some renovating, especially the bathrooms. The beds were huge and comfortable though temperature control was lacking and my room was freezing during the day and sweltering in the middle of the night. The pool and sauna looked very nice, though the gym, while adequate, had mostly older machines and was lacking things like a water cooler. The breakfast was good, though didn't change from day to day. Staff was very friendly all around. The bar was also nice and had some delicious local beer, but wasn't always staffed so we had to wait to be served some times. Also, make sure to have a 4wd car to get into the parking lot in the winter as the lot is not well plowed.
2	The place was decent, but they were doing renovations in the room above me. I asked them to stop, but they just persisted. I didn't get any peace and quite while i was there at all. I just heard banging and sawing the whole time and they did nothing to stop it.
4	Pretty nice hotel for Waterloo.  There's a ton of parking.  I think there's a pool.  Apparently there were some recent renos and upgrades done.  The room itself was nice, and the bathroom was clean and modern.  So I guess we got a newer room.  Some of the rooms are seemingly hard to find, the hallways twist and turn, so it can feel like a maze.  It wasn't easy to find.  Thank goodness for GPS.
