4	Stop off here a few times, never had a problem. Service is good, the only problem is not their fault. There is a lot of construction on the streets in the area.
1	Walked in took a while for them to get my order they didn't greet me. They took forever to get the order ready. And when they repeated the order back they got it wrong. Would not come back here again. Everyone spoke Spanish no one spoke English really sucks.
5	1/15/2014Jenine S.4 friends 14 reviewsThis is by far the best Jack in the Box in town! Food is always great, staff is friendly ALWAYS! My dad still talks about how kind the manager was (a year later) when he visits my house. I think some people just have to write something negative about everything. But from personal experience this is the place to go. They always make my day great! Keep up the good work!
3	The employees here are nice, but both times that I have come here they did not have very many clean tables to sit at. I left my table looking cleaner than when I first sat down. Also, the backs of the chairs have sharp edges, and I hurt my back when I sat down lol probably my fault though. Anyway, it is not too bad here. What else could you expect from a Jack in the Box? Their food is great, no complaints there (just as greasy as  ever! (; ) also they gave me all the sauces my heart desired, so I was happy about that.
1	I went here late one night at about 3am. When I pulled in to go through the drive thru I saw a couple employees running in to the building from the parking lot. After I ordered and drove up to the window to pay the young man said to me "you cut my smoke break short". Really? First of all, employees should not be out smoking on shift. Second of all, if you were smoking and then ran inside, you certainly did not wash your hands before you touched my drink cup and bag of food. Gross! It was rude and disgusting!
1	Last few times I've came here after work, (about 1030pm) I've gotten food that should not have been served. Second to last time I spent close to 8 dollars on a spicy chicken meal. ( 8 dollars isn't alot but I should atleast expect sort of fresh food since "they don't make it till you order") well my fries were cold and stale and the chicken sandwich tasted like it sat forever also it was very dry and bun was hard.  The last time I went I ordered two tacos and a chicken sandwich,   neither was made fresh and tasted like crap and I literally threw the whole meal away. I will not visit here again without complaining about freshness of my food since they can't even seem to give you the value of a dollar.
3	Lately they don't have things ready or in Stock. where they tell me "if you really want that your going to have to wait 20 minutes, because I'm still cleaning the grill."..wth..then the salads are never ready or they serve certain food certain @time a day.. I've gone couple other jacks around me and there 24/7 anything.. ppl are lazy I guess..
1	This jack in the box has made me sick on a few occasions. I just now discovered yelp otherwise I would have done this a long time ago
