3	This is my go to place for a Pedicure, 5 stars all the way.  The staff is polite and friendly, their prices are reasonable and all of the techs I have had have done an amazing job.  The chairs are brand new and the place is very clean.  They offer several options for Pedicures but I get the regular one and they work on my for around 45-60 min.  They are also great and watching the time if I tell them I am on my lunch break and need to get back to work.  They also have a great selection of colors from OPI to Essie to China Glaze.  They carry Shellac, Gelish and OPI for gels too, maybe other brands but I am a strict Shellac girl.I used to go here for my Shellac Manicure but will not ever again.  The tech had me soak my hands in a bowl of acetone to soak off the Shellac polish which is pretty standard but once I was done soaking, she poured the acetone back into the bottle to use it on someone else!  I know acetone kills all germs but it is kind of gross.  The nail tech did not file off my polish with a nail file and cuticle tool, she used an acrylic drill with a file tool to remove the polish.  It severely damaged my nails to the point that even with the Shellac polish on, my nails broke and peeled past my nail bed.  After 2 manicures I realized it was the drill and have not had that service at this salon since.  My nails are back to being healthy but I DO NOT recommend getting a gel manicure here.I wish I could give them 5 stars because the pedicure definitely deserves it but I have to take into account that the gel manicures were ill performed and did a lot of damage to my nails.
3	The place was very clean, service is great, and prices very reasonable.  The final product was very good.  I only gave it 3 stars for now as Iike to try out any place twice.  The shellac removal includes the use of drills.  Where I live now (east coast/DC area) the shellac is removed with soaking the polish off with assistance with utensil to help scrape it off.   The technicial who did my pedicure was super nice - however, her technique in removing cuticles was quick and a tad rough.  These are picky things, but compared to my back-home technician i noticed the minor differences.I will come back again during my next visit to Tempe.
5	Jason always does my nails perfect! I started going to tip and toes a about 3 or 4 years ago. I had to move a few times for work and recently made it back to az. While I was away, I never found a nail salon that did my nails the same. I am so happy to be back in az so I can continue coming in. I am never disapointed!
2	I'll start with the pros. -The salon is super clean! I'm not sure how long they've been there but it looks brand new and very pretty. -They have a good selection of polish colors to choose from, mostly OPI. (OPI is my favorite.)-My friend and I went in without an appointment at 5:15 on Friday evening and only had to wait a few minutes before being taken to our chairs. -The pedi chairs might be the best I've experienced yet. They're super comfy, look brand new and have the most massage settings. -My tech was very friendly... I mean she didn't talk except to ask me what kind of pedi I wanted but she SEEMED friendly. On to the cons. I want to say that this first gripe is not something that would normally make or break my experience and honestly it's something I would have overlooked completely had my service been a great one... or even a decent one buuuut it wasn't so I think it's worth mentioning.-It's so quiet that it's almost uncomfortable. While I appreciate a calm atmosphere, silent doesn't necessarily mean serene. It was as if the techs are instructed not to speak at all and without any kind of background music it was awkward for my friend and I to talk to each other.  -They have 3 pedicure options, the basic, classic and spa. I got the classic. Callous remover, a sugar scrub and hot stone massage are the extras with this one. I asked if I could have the scrub on just my feet because my legs are too sensitive for it. I expected that since it was ONLY my feet for that part she might actually "scrub" and apply some pressure. I was wrong and it was the same careless, barely there rubbing (*that I HATE) even after she rinsed me and applied the lotion to my feet and legs. *This is one of my biggest pet peeves. I've said it before and I'll say it again. I can paint my toes and rub lotion on my own feet and legs FOR FREE.  I pay for pedicures because I want a proper massage. -The hot stone massage... I've never had a hot stone massage and I was really excited! Did I get a hot stone massage? I'm not sure. I remember her bringing over two stones and I saw them in her hands buuuuut I don't feel like I can say that I experienced a hot stone "massage" She was so fast up and down, up and down that I could never actually enjoy it. Picture someone cleaning clothes on a washing board minus actually applying pressure. That was the movement. The only time I could tell she was using stones was when she was going over my shins and that HURT. It felt like, well like someone scraping rocks over your shins. (To be fair maybe that's what a hot stone massage is supposed to be. If that's the case then bravo to her. I suppose it's just not my cup of tea.)- The woman doing my friend's pedi used a drill! My friend looked over to me horrified! We've probably gotten a bazillion pedis together from several places and NEVER have either of us had a drill used on our toes. Toenails are little! Drills get HOT. You do the math. I want to be clear. My experience here wasn't terrible it just wasn't good. I didn't leave mortified just slightly annoyed. (I can't say the same for my friend though.)My toes do look great but I'm going to stick to 7 Day. I would ONLY consider going back to Tips & Toes if I'm desperate and just interested in the end result. (This place is literally half a mile from my work.)  BUT I would stick to a basic pedi and save myself the $8 of "extras"
2	Now they are using a hand held drill to buff toenails during their pedi instead of just a quick file.  I can definitely see grow out difference on my nail bed.  Not good.
4	I love this place. The location is great because it's right down the street from my house. The staff is always friendly and they greet you as soon as you walk through the door. I've always done walk ins here and have never had to wait. There is a nice relaxed atmosphere and it is pretty large. The salon is very clean, well lit,  has a great appearance, and all of their equipment is well sanitized, cleaned and taken care of. The price is a little high (but not too high), but I don't mind paying for quality. I've gotten gel polish done here several times as (well as a pedi) and their polish selection is large and primarily OPI as well as other good brands. Definitely a place that I recommend to those in the Tempe area.
1	I came here for a simple eyebrow wax and instead was the victim of a mini WWE struggle. The lady kept using my chest as a coffee table to steady herself even though I asked her not to but she just told me to hold still and proceeded to keep using the people's elbow on me. My eyebrows came out uneven and they were trimmed too short. The interior is pretty bland, just all white and empty. so if you're the type that likes getting their nails done where there's a painted sky on the ceiling with Greek columns, flat screens left on Travel Channel, and the whole shebang, go somewhere else. Maybe I'll try the other location seeing as they have better reviews? I don't know if my chest can take another beating though.
5	Jason does the best nails I have ever had. It is a beautiful salon and the prices are really reasonable. I hesitated to write a review--only because I don't want the rest of the world to find this gem. It's hard enough to get an appointment now!
1	******************BEWARE OF THIS PLACE*****************If i could rate this place less than a star I would. The location is near my office very nice. I went to get a simple gel french manicure with a holiday flair. I get the oldest man ever working on me that clearly did not know what he was doing. It takes 1.5 hours for a simple polish change. I have to explain i have to get back to my office. He finishes. I left okay i guess with the nails. This is before the madness happened. Less than 30 mins the polish lifted and starts to peel. OMG! Are you serious. I called back to tell them what happened. They tell me that the guy undercharged me and I owe them an extra $10. Are you serious for this nonsense. I used to recommend this place to all my friends. Little do they know i just ended 20+ relationships they had with loyal clients.
4	This place was very sanitary! Good bang for your buck!
5	I just love this salon! I even drive from Scottsdale because they are the best. Very clean - always friendly. See Jason or Sarah for pink and whites. You won't be sorry!
4	I've had nothing but positive experiences at this salon. Customer service is average but I'll sacrifice customer service for an awesome nail tech and Tammy is just that, she's a perfectionist and does exceptional work and very sweet! I usually get close to 3 weeks out of my gel mani with her!
5	Very enjoy my nail experience, the lady who did my nails was professional and nice. It's super cute! I love it!
