2	Nice sports bar away from the regular highway fare and that makes it attractive to local folks.  However I have to say that the amount of smoking that goes on is like you are down wind of a pine tree forest fire.  When will this state final give in?  The food is good.  I have had the pulled pork platter.  The sweet potato fries are good, they are also rolled in brown sugar.  TV's could be upgraded to flat screens and the carpet is in desperate need of replacing.  The ATM machine looks like it would steal your pin number.  The non-smokes section is like being in an isolalation ward.  I give the restrooms a 2.5out of 5 stars.  Looks like there could be a lot of coke snorting going on.  For all that is wrong what you get in return is low prices.  Much cheaper than the Hickory Tavern located right off the highway.  You can also play a great game of pool (3 tables if I remember correctly), video golf and video bowling.  Decent service, lots of seating but it was pretty fully with an hour wait on a Tuesday.  So if you get there before 7pm you can find some open areas to sit.  Also, they have a decent amount of high tables and chairs in the game area.
2	My friend thought that the London Broil Sandwich on crousount bread was pretty awesome.  There was a delicious Hawaiian maranaid on the sandwich that really gave it a distinct flavor.  I thought that the bartender was a great people person and I didn't mine sharing some conversation with him during my time here.  Yes, the bathrooms here are gross.  Jon said that there looks to be a lot of coke snorting going on here, well if I did coke I still wouldn't dare put my face anywhere near this porcelin goddess.  Besides that it is an average sports bar, watch a Panthers game here.
4	It's a great place to watch a game. It's a little gross (see the previous comments on the carpets and bathrooms), but it's a sports bar...so it kind of looks and smells like a sports bar. They've got great pool tables, lots of televisions, and the food is decent compared to some of the other sports bars around town. The place has the feeling that it's got a lot of regulars...staff and guests seem pretty chummy. As I'm not a regular, I sometimes feel a little left out (Sob), but I do like that kind of environment, where everyone's friends.So yes, it's dirty, but it's a safe spot to go for a decent night out, especially if the theme of the evening is pool or watching a game.
4	I would probably give this place 2 stars, but since it was the closest decent bar to my apartment and I went a few times a week I felt like I needed to add at least 2 more. They have a great beer selection (yay Fat Tire!)  and cheap!  On Friday nights they have bands and I have to admit I've been one of the girls obnoxiously dancing around up to the stage a few times.  To watch games it's pretty good too.  Food is definitely so-so, except for the nachos!  I can't believe how good they are compared to the rest of the menu.  It's pretty much the only thing I get.  They are gigantic so make sure to split them!  But I think they are the best food on the menu.The waiters and waitresses are great, and since they know my sister by name--I think she drinks their entire stock of Woodchuck--they are super attentive whenever I'm there.It's not the cleanest, and it's ridiculously smokey.  However, I find many places are anyway in the area.  It's a good regular hangout, but could definitely use better food and a cleaner environment.
3	OK place. Fun food.
2	The place smells and the restrooms were in awful condition.  The sanitation score is a mere 91.  Just saying....
4	This is a great place to go for your basic bar essentials.  Wings, beer, nachos, beer, chips, beer, etc.The prices are super cheap during the week.  And the waitstaff is extremely friendly.I agree with comments previously that it could use a recarpeting.  But let's be real here, this isn't the place you take a hot date to impress them.  This is a bar.  A bar with good food, great service, cheap beer, a lot of tvs, and good pool tables.
4	Went there last night for thier wing special ( Half-off on Tuesdays).  The wings were very good and they came out in like 10 minutes.  A couple bad things were the waitress never came back to fill our drinks, and there is not enough parking (had to park on the curb)All in all this is a good place to go, just if you are going on Tuesdays, get there early or else you are going to have wait awhile and no parking.
