5	I started to do my Nevada real estate studies from California via an online course.  I couldn't sit in front of my computer for 4 hours let alone even 1 hour reading boring real estate principals and laws.So I decided to come out to Las Vegas,  since I was planning to come out anyways and started to look at some in class schools.  I was in between Key Realty and the one offered by my broker to be.  But Key had an accelerated 2 week cram course where you attend both morning and evening! classes, while my brokers course just had a 4 week course version.  Also Key Realty School was more flexible in the fact that if you happen to miss a week you can always find the course again in the following weeks (as the courses alternate)  and they even have each subject pre-recorded and its available online.The instructors were both great.  Teddy and Robin.  I had Teddy for 1 week and Robin for 3 weeks.   There styles are different but I enjoyed both of their teaching styles.  (Robin is a bit more direct:  whats on the test...lets go over it.  While Ted is a bit more about whats going to happen out in the real world).The practice exams that they have are pretty good....I think they are harder than the actual PSI exam.  I was averaging 68% or so on the practice exam...so I was a bit worried.  But I just bit the bullet and decided to take the PSI exam on saturday (as a walk in)   and I passed!   Missed 3 on the State and missed 8 on the national.  92.5% state/ 90% on the national.   2 weeks course?  thumbs up!!!  (i had no background in real estate at all...coming from a computer software background).  Thanks Teddy and Robin!
5	I have been working with Key Realty school for all of my Nevada education since I was licensed in 2004.  They have always been helpful, resourceful, professional and a delight to work with.  I strongly recommend them for all of your real estate needs.
1	Perhaps we got unlucky, but our (24 hour!) property management class is the most boring course I have ever taken. The teacher mostly reads the law, and tells irrelevant stories. We naively thought we might actually learn something beyond the text of the law - not true! Coming all the way to Vegas from Reno for a long weekend, specifically for this class, feels like we are paying an extortion charge with both our tuition as well as our time. I'm pretty sure this was not the intent of the state.
5	Great school for pre-licensing and CE. I had all my CE classes with Key realty and my son is currently a student  there. Great friendly staff and easy step by step in class or online study.
1	Firstly, a logical education plan is non-existant. It does not guide you in logical ways to learn or comprehend and sitting in the classroom for hours, you leave literally feeling like you wasted your time. I taught myself more in 15 minutes of home study than hours in there. The "instructor" tells lots of personal stories, cusses, berates, and tells everyone how rich he is, very professional. Obviously the instructor has a problem with himself and has to hide behind how much money he has and the influence he has in the valley to make himself feel superior. I was not impressed or awed. They don't keep attendance, they don't have a schedule or anything, they just don't care. I got fed up and stopped coming. No one bothered to call, write or check and see what happened. To them, once they got your money they could care less about you and what happens. Nevada law says that you have to get education to get your license, so these guys know that they will just keep getting the business, what a racket. If you are a absolute newbie to the financial world, then you will be thoroughly confused as somehow you are expected to just jump right in without learning the basics. The school was cheap....and everything else was cheap, especially the 'education'. I ended up finding out that I bought a very expensive book to read and actually learn from. I think this school is getting paid to not produce real estate professionals. I would definitely NOT recommend this school to anyone looking to get their real estate license. To call this a 'school' is degrading to the word. Please look elsewhere, I am pretty sure that most any other place in the valley is better than this.
4	The school provided ample material to use for study & guide. A book on National Real Estate, binder with an overview of nation & state, CD's on all courses needed to pass the exam, access to loads of study material via their website, including classroom videos to view from home. The instructors were knowledgable and well experienced in real estate. They included humor, study & real life scenarios. Classroom courses were available during the day & in the evening to allow those working full time, as myself, to complete the course. You can take a two week course which includes a full day/night class from 9am to 1:30 then from 6pm to 10pm. You may also choose the 4 week course, day classes or evening classes. After completing the course whether it be the 2 week or 4 week, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND taking the One Day Test Prep on Saturday!!! The prep allowed me to only focus on the area needed in order to prepare for the State & National portion of the real estate exam. I'm blessed to report that this school helped me pass my Salesperson Licensing exam first time through!!! Special Thanks to Teddy, Jim & Robin! You guys Rock =)
1	I renewed my Nevada real estate license through this school. The online course was horrible. Prior to testing, I was asked for course codes that were embedded in the course content. I spent significant time looking for some codes that weren't embedded. I didn't find out until after calling that they weren't there and weren't needed for the test. Two of the eight courses had missing material in the online lessons which I was later tested on. One of the exams covered material that wasn't relevant, and it had 21 questions when there were only supposed to be 10. It gave me a 65% score when I answered all the questions correctly. Key Realty School wasted a ton of my time. I was on the phone with them off and on working out their online bugs during the course. They refused to provide anything to make up for it when I asked.
5	http://www.keyrealtyschool.com/Just wanted to express my sincere gratitude to Michael Federwitz for his advice, support and encouragement as I pursued my Nevada Real Estate Broker's license, to add to my California Brokerage License.It was comforting to know that I always had a 'go to' person when I was unsure about the requirements. Yes, in certain areas, the learning CD's with 'Teddy' are confusing and contradictory with the materials in certain parts and need to be updated, but Michael Federwitz will clarify any question if you take the time to call.I have never met Michael face to face, but just from the sincere attention to my phone calls, I can tell that Michael really cares about the people who use his services.Michael outlined the best course of study for me to follow. He answered all my questions promptly and professionally. I followed the course of action as prescribed by Michael Federwirtz and yesterday I passed the Nevada Brokers Test at first time of trying.Michael, I appreciate your patience with me as we worked through the finer details and will make sure I recommend KeyRealty to any prospective licensees.You are the key to my passing the Nevada Brokers test and the keylink to Key Realty success as far as I am concerned.Thanks for everythingRoy McCann, Broker, President of Cann Do Realty & Property ManagementCalifornia (and soon to be Nevada Broker) DRE 01332401951-816-8311\Roy@CannDoRealty.com
4	My buddy and I just finished the Inspection class and it turned out perfect. We passed the exam without problem and the 102 course did a great job of prepping us for the field. I wish we could have had a few more reporting options to select from but I guess most students seek out more reports from the insurance companies. We turned everything in and we are just waiting for the license so we can begin marketing our new inspection concepts to every real estate licensee.
4	Heads up everyone! ONLY WAY TO GO if you're serious and want to receive a REAL education.  The school is up to date and knows what the student needs.  The on-line course is the real deal and has an abundance of material.  If you peruse through it and STUDY you will be prepared.  The PSI Saturday Prep for the exam is a WINNER and worth every cent!!!!  The teacher, Robin, is extremely knowledgable and knows her stuff.   She's cute and funny too.  You must study...they can't do that for you though.  It takes some critical thinking skills and drive.  This school helped me tremendously and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND them to anyone who is motivated to succeed.  I went to another school prior to Key (no names, bad karma).  It was awful and I was not at all prepared.  The other school was quick to take my money and throw me to the sharks.  I was desperate and lost.  Michael at Key was SO UNDERSTANDING.  He professionally guided me through the program. I took the State and National PSI exams separately.  Passed each the first time.  The teacher is there when the student is ready.  Key Realty School ROCKS!
4	I was referred to Key by all of my friends and most brokers that I asked. They lived up to the hype. The instructors were great and often engaging to the point I didn't want to stop attending. I give the school 4 out of 5 because their exams were more difficult than the actual licensing exam and I was actually really over prepared. I guess that is not a bad thing but I struggled with some of the wording and come to find out the state test was much easier. Great school overall and great experience.
3	The school was alright. Was recommended by my friends. Was disappointed on how they teach in the class. During class, I definitely didn't feel confident on learning. I felt there was a blank inside my head. I was happy that I passed the school exam.
3	The owner of Key Realty School, Michael, contacted me today through Yelp and did his best to make up for what happened 10 months ago. It has left me feeling a lot better about Key Realty School.
5	I've been a Realtor here in Vegas for 8 years now and whenever I have to do my CE Classes I do them at Key Realty!  They are so helpful and it is always a smooth, easy and quick process! They are very organized and on top of everything!  Thank You Key Realty for being so wonderful!
5	Currently taking my appraisers class at Key realty.  I'm a real estate agent and have taken many classes at Key.  The classes are always great and the instructors are always extremely knowledgeable.  It's the only place I take my real estate classes in Vegas.
5	My experience here was great all around! I'm not going to lie, I had to study hard, but I got it done. There was never a moment where I felt like the school wasn't there to answer my questions, which was a big deal for me going into this. I'm glad I chose this school and recommend others to do so also.
5	I first attended Key Realty School in 2005 and I have been a fan ever since.  I routinely use their continuing education renewal packages for my real estate licenses (they cover California & Nevada).  Recently, I needed a proctor for a series of exams and was pleased to discover that they offer testing services.  The staff is great and they go above and beyond to ensure that customers are taken care of.  I continue to be impressed by their friendliness, attentiveness and professionalism.
5	JUST PASSED MY NV REAL ESTATE BROKER EXAM! Key Realty School helped me obtain my salesperson license 6 years ago and they help me with all of my continuing education. It was only natural to contact them when I decided to get my Broker license. They gave me everything I needed to get the job done. I am a Key Realty School student for life. Thank you for being a huge part of my success.
