5	Karsh's Bakery can be found in an almost hidden location of a shopping complex at the corner of 7th Street and Missouri. The same owners who opened the bakery in 1968 still run it to this day.You will find a variety of bakery items to help you celebrate any occasion (or if you just need a sugar fix). Kichel, rugulach, turnovers, Mondel bread, pastries, challah, fruit bars, breads, bagels, cakes, butter cookies, muffins, eclairs, cheesecakes. There may be more, but my fingers hurt from typing.I stopped off to sample the famous Black and White cookie at the behest of one of my colleagues at work. When I walked in, I noticed that the price of this cookie was $2.10. Seems a bit steep for a cookie, but after sampling it I can say that it was worth every penny. The texture was light and moist and the frosting on top was rich and chocolaty (The "black" half was, obviously). Cookies and cakes with edible images on the top can be ordered so you can eat the face of a loved one with little or no screaming. Cakes are available in 10 varieties with over 20 choices of filling and over 5 choices for frosting. Make an appointment to sample the variety of cakes, ensuring your next special occasion is one to remember. Karsh's also separates the Dairy ingredients from their non-dairy (pareve) items. How thoughtful! The staff was very friendly and helpful and I was served quickly.Just remember, the Black and White cookie... two races of flavor, living side by side in harmony. Maybe if we look to the cookie, we can learn a little something.
5	Karsh's is a transplanted New Yorker's baked good heaven.  Bagels, rugulach, black and white cookies - all delicious.  I spent a high school summer toiling away in one of the neighboring stores and gained at least five pounds due to my daily dessert of a giant fudge brownie.  The best thing about Karsh's though is their chocolate seven-layer cake.  It is the cake of choice for almost every family gathering we have.  Not only is the yellow cake just the right amount of sponginess, but the chocolate frosting is probably the best I've ever had.  I could eat this cake for every meal of the day, and may actually have done so on at least one occasion.  Mmmm...cake.
5	Remember moments from Seinfeld when Elaine and George had run-ins at the corner Jewish bakery with chocolate babka and marble rye?   Well, that experience (minus the neuroticism) can be had here in Phoenix at Karsh's. No need to go to Scottsdale or New York.  I've gone for breakfast for pastries and have been pleasantly surprised with the cookies, cakes, pies, cupcakes and bread.  The feel is just as similar.  Small digs with number pulls (the Now Serving sign is probably the oldest one I've ever seen!) and brick surroundings just like the Seinfeld TV show.  I've seen little New York Jewish ladies (ala Mrs. Costanza) inside gab, gloat and do "cawfee tawk" about the wonders of Karsh's.The black and white cookie is amazing as Curtis states.  But the other few items we had (muffins and eclairs) were just as heavenly. The black and white cookies were decorated this month in Suns garb (Go Suns!), the cinnamon rolls were good, and the cupcakes were so good and moist to give Tammie Coe cupcakes a run for their money. Also, some items are noted "pareve" for those who are lactose intolerant, and there are quite a few items. But best of all, the bagels were terrific.  Enough to give you a second thought on your Einstein or Brueggers chain bagels you're feeding to others.
5	everytime my sister comes to town we go striaght from the airport to Karsh's.our intent is to buy bagels and we do, but we can never stop there and wind up with a variety of goodies. all that we have comsumed over the years has been really great. as for service, always with a smile and friendly attitude.we used to go here all the time when we lived on n. central, but since we moved to the other side of the world it has become a special occasion place. so please open one near us too.
4	Hello.  My name is Sarah.  I am back from the dead.  Where do I begin...  well, ventured into Karsh's on a Sunday after a hard night of drinking.  I was greeted by such a friendly guy.  He gave me all kinds of samples.  I can't really give a fair review of the pastries because apparently I was there on the wrong day.  However, I do give them props for the friendly service.  Further, they make pretty damn good cakes.  I work at a large office -- we have weekly (and in some months  it seems daily) birthday fantasias complete with a breakfast buffet table and cake with singing in the afternoon.  In the course of 3 years, I must have sampled hundreds of birthday cakes, and honestly, the only one that was good enough to prompt further inquiry was from Karsh's.  Awesome cake.  I will have to go back to try the black and white.
2	I stopped in at Karsh's today for the first time. The service I received was super friendly, and the young man behind the counter insisted I try a raspberry rugelach. It was pretty tasty, so I took home a loaf of seedless rye (one of my favorites), a black & white cookie, and 2 cupcakes. Before I moved to Arizona, I worked as a bread baker in a restaurant, then in a bakery much like Karsh's, and then finally managed a bakery that made all natural and premium products more like Tammie Coe/MJ Bread. So I recognized immediately what Karsh's was using. Both cupcakes were made from a mix. The fudgy frosting is a commercial product. I know. I used it. The white frosting is made with vegetable shortening, not butter. The black & white cookie was like no black & white I have ever had. It was so thick and cakey- not at all a crisp cookie. Neither my husband nor I cared for it. The rye bread barely tasted of rye, although it had a decent texture. It was pretty heavy on the white flour. I've had better from Fry's.For me, Karsh's was a big disappointment. IMHO, locally, no one's bread matches MJ's and no one's baked goods match Tammie Coe's.
4	Kudos Karsh's! Recently, for Stevey P's birthday, a friend suggested getting him a cake with a photo of his favorite person: Brenda Dickson. If you don't know who she is, search for her on You Tube. Then, search for "Brenda Dickson parody" and watch that. Now you're in the loop. I volunteered to take care of ordering the cake. Little did I know just how difficult it would be to find a bakery in Phoenix that makes photo cakes! I finally stumbled upon Karsh's and was pleasantly surprised not only by the fact that they made photo cakes, but by how friendly and competent the person I ordered from was. They proved this ten times over when they didn't laugh when I said that I wanted the cake to say "Welcome to My Face." Like I said--you have to watch the video to understand. Anyway, the prices were also very reasonable: it was only $40 for a photo cake with chocolate cake and chocolate filling that would feed 8-12. Also, I only ordered a few days in advance and they said it would be no problem to have the cake ready in time. My great experience with Karsh's was complete when I went to pick up the cake and had the woman on duty ask me what "Welcome to My Face" meant. I told her exactly what I told you, my trusty Yelper: watch the video. Once you do, you'll understand. And if you don't, well we'll still have our memory of the delicious chocolatey cake with the face of a wannabe fashion icon who tattoos eyebrows on cats.
5	I went to lunch with some buddies today (another review to follow), and I was bemoaning the lack of decent place to get a Black & White cookie in Scottsdale/Phoenix.Problem solved!!!I had seen places noting that they used Karsh's bakery for their bread, but I didn't realize the bakery was for all kinds of things.We went in for a Black & White cookie (which was as good as anything I can get in New York...soft, moist, the icing was a little bit crunchy, not gooey...perfection for a Friday afternoon treat!), and came out with a marble rye, an olive loaf and 4 cupcakes (a bargain at $1.45 ea, and much better than Sprinkles...almost as good as Tammy Coe).What a great little bakery!!It's a bit of a drive, but not too far if i go after a workout at the Village.I think I have found my "go to" bakery!
2	I would like to give Karsh's 4 stars and here are the reasons why.  If you want kosher, they have it.  If you'd like to have sugar free, they have a nice variety, provided you go in early in the day.  They actually have quite a nice variety-a little something for everybody-and they do take orders.Sound's good doesn't it.  What is not good is the schizophrenic nature of the service you get at this place.  I can deal with their prices which are higher than they should be.  I won't deal with holding my breath and wondering if the person helping me is going to be pleasant or borderline nasty. It's been that way for sometime and isn't getting any better.  The result is for the most part I tend to avoid the place.  Scott's Generations, the deli a few doors down, is more appreciative of your business.  I'll spend my money there.  Their bagels are better and they have bialy's, too.If you are going to chance this place, I have one suggestion for you.  DON'T go in near closing.  Likely as not, you will be told you exactly how many minutes you have before they close.  They are blatant about doing this especially if you aren't ready to tell them exactly what you want at that moment.  I guess the fact they are emptying the cases in front of your eyes is not clue enough they are closing.   Another reason not to go there is not their fault.  They are off of 7th Street with the traffic lanes that change with the time of day.  I'll face the craziness those lanes cause to go to the Bashas and Scott's Generation but not  Karsh's.  It's rather sad to have to write a review like this.
1	Says it's Kosher, but apparently only sometimes.   I Googled "kosher bakery phoenix" and Karsh's popped up. So I made the visit to the shop, preparing to find something suitable for passover. I arrived and was met at the door by the sign, "Sorry. Our products are not suitable for passover. Everything is made with flour, bla bla bla" I'm paraphrasing. So I went inside, wondering if it was an April Fool's joke. Although the store was COMPLETELY empty, I mean, barren of all lifeforms, the surly girl behind the counter took her time asking if she could help me. Our exchange proved that it was no joke. They could not help me. No yummy kosher flourless chocolate cake would be in my immediate future. They were kosher - just not for Passover. Lovely. I should've Googled "kosher bakery Scottsdale."
1	I am NOT a fan of Karsh's. When i moved to Phoenix many years ago, everyone made a fuss about getting their baked goods from Karsh's. I was really looking forward to what i expected would be wonderful baked things. They weren't. They were tasteless... Everything is the same tasteless flavor. There is pink iced tasteless, white iced tasteless... they have mastered the use of food color.... but it doesn't overcome the tastelessness. The only thing Karsh's has going for them is that they are a Kosher Bakery. I suppose that gives them a "captive" audience. There will always be a community of people who cannot buy their things anywhere else because they require Kosher goods. There is one exception at Karsh's. They make a wicked fine Challah. Everything else leaves me flat.
1	When I was in highschool various clubs used to sell Karsh's bagels around campus to raise money. I would buy a bagel and cream cheese and hide it in my backpack to munch on during class. Soooo good! I was feeling nostalgic one day and decided to pop in for a bagel and cream cheese. The guy behind the counter was nice enough, I told him my order which came to $2.95 or something just barely under $3.  I had failed to notice the sign which said they do not accept credit cards for purchases under $3. I apologized and said I didn't have any cash and offered to run the the ATM.  The guy behind the counter very nicely asked other lady behind the counter  (the owner? manager on duty maybe?) if she would let me use my card. She looked right at me all stink-eyed and said "No" and returned to what she was doing. No apology, no "I'm sorry but there is an ATM at so and so...." Very curt. Thanks a lot personality plus! I will not be returning and I hope you choke on a matzo ball. Shame too, I loved those bagels.
2	This bakery is hidden in the corner of a strip mall.  When I went in, there was a guy behind the counter.  I was expecting the usual "hi" but he never opened his mouth....he just stared at me.  Then, 4,5 guys came out from the back just to stand there.  It was REALLY UNCOMFORTABLE....  Then a lady came out.  I don't know, I felt like I had to greet her since she stood right in front of me so I said "hi."  Can you guess what she did?  She just stared at me.  It had only been around 2 or 3 min since I went in but honestly, I just couldn't wait to get out of there.  So, I purchased 5 pastries and got out.  The pastries were....ok.  I mean it wasn't bad but nothing special.  Would I go back there....NO.  *Food = ok, nothing special at all*Service = uncomfortable, a little intimidating*Location = ok*Price = ok
4	Twenty five years now I've been shopping at Karsh's. Maybe three owners? Same recipes. New sales help.What's good? Blue ribbon for the Chocolate Chip Coffee Ring. Absolutely to die for. We even use it for our birthday cakes; any excuse to get one of these luscious, just-one-more-thin-slice-until-it's-gone, cake. So rich and chocolaty. Wow.What else? In no particular order - challah, onion-poppy bagels, corn rye, pecan sheets, hamentashen, pocket onion rolls, large almond cookie, small butter cookies.I have had better black & whites;  since I had rugelah in Jerusalem last year, none will compare. Cakes are good, not great; better than Safeway or Costco, and equal to AJs. I think I have tried just about everything here and go with a purpose.Go for the chocolate chip coffee ring; but don't take the last one, it's for me!
5	The Black n White cookies are to die for. That's all I get when I go to Karsh's but no other place in AZ makes them except for Chompie's and there's aren't very good. I visit twice a month to grab a handful of cookies for my family & I.KARSH'S!!
5	It just seemed like the thing to do...I was good at lunch, after all:)I was just going to go back to the office after my non-retox lunch, but I saw two accidents in quick succession, and then saw a blockage a few blocks ahead and decided to detour...BTW, is everybody driving drunk today? Are they all stupid? 128 years old? One accident was a faux-hawk in a beater Chevy that just decided a lane change without looking was the right move...unfortunately, there was Ford PU already occupying that very space:(The other accident was a near shoulder to shoulder U-Turn by Mel Brooks' 2,000 year old man...he was looking under his steering wheel when his Mercury was slowed in it's stately progress by the side of a Lexus SUV:(I saw both "accidents" start and finish...luckily (and most importantly) none of the flying debris hit me:)My detour took me close to Karsh's and I decided a stop was in order:)Hadn't I been good at Lunch?...Yes!Weren't my nerves jangled from witnessing all of this automotive mayhem?...Yes!Did I really need any reason to swing by and pick up a Cinnamon Bobka, 6 eclairs and a Black & White Cookie for the weekend?...Not Really:)Fresh and fully stocked Karsh's...they were busy, but smiling and friendly...all my baked goodies, out the door for $20:)Everything is safely back home, now...out of the reach of all of these spatially "challenged", motorized go-tards:)Well...all are safely home except the Black and White Cookie...he didn't even make it all the way to Scottsdale...but he went down happy:)
3	I went in Karsh's against my better judgment because my friend really wanted to try something they had available.  They were surprisingly friendly and courteous, not one of their Mr. Hyde days, I thought.  It occurred to me to bring up my complaint about them because I so rarely enter their doors that what ever they thought didn't matter anyway.  It surprised me to learn that the management has brought in almost a whole new staff to replace the nasty ones. (I have to admit I looked and didn't see people I recognized from before. They were responding to continuing complaints.  I'll be going in again soon to get bread.  We'll see.
2	For Valentine's day, I wanted to get my friend something a little nice to celebrate the day so went to Karsh's.  How many times do you celebrate someones 89th valentines day.  I walked in and looked at the cases.  I hear laughing in the back.  I walked around and looked at all the cases again.I saw the asst manager look through the window to see if someone was out there.  I looked through all the cases twice more and walked out and went to Bashas.  Maybe they don't like me there?A week later I went to buy some marbled rye bread there because didn't have the time to go to LaGrande Orange. Two people immediately asked to help me.  This place does something to my head.  I wish I could like the idea of going there.  I DON'T but do so for my friend only now.
4	So why is it there are either German bakeries or Jewish bakeries? Discuss. What no Scandinavian bakers out there? I grew up in Minnesota where German bakers ruled. Every day after school and before my extracurricular activities (which included trombone lessons, practice with the B squad basketball team and a fitting for my scoliosis brace) I would get a cinnamon crisp and a blueberry filled glazed dough nut. After feeling nostalgic for those pimply, greasy haired in the closet days...I wandered into Karsh's. So. Glad. I. Did.Yummy on the Cinnamon crisp and double yummy on the blueberry cheese danish. I assumed the service would be friendly, I mean, after all, how can you be crabby when you work with frosting all day. And I was right. Each time I've been, they've been sweet as sugar and always offer a free sample. Free sample. One bonus point for the Jewish bakery. I don't remember the German bakers giving out free stuff. Hmmm...Discuss.
5	I finally found a bakery in town that has some of the same pastries, breads and cookies that I had growing up in Michigan.I bought my son a smiley faced cookie and one with sprinkles.  He enjoyed them quite a bit.  I bought some chocolate horns which were simply amazing, albeit rich and heavy.I enjoy chocolate and it seemed to me that more items than not did have chocolate in them.  The service is excellent.  They even give free samples!Now to go work it off..........
2	I was so excited about going here because I'd bought a groupon for $20 of sugary indulgences and I was going to make to most of it!However...the goodies just weren't good enough to make me want to waste the calories and finish even a single treat I'd bought. So, here's a run down.Petit Fours - Massive, not petit at all and flavorlessNapoleons - The vanilla cream in it simply tasted congealed and didn't have much vanilla in it. Puff Pastry was flavorless.Mini Eclairs - Frosting was good and chocolatey, the filling was the same as the Napoleons.Rugelah (Chocolate and Raspberry) - Looked Good, but let down by their bland puff pastry. It's sad to say but the Walmart bakery ones are much, much better.Chocolate chip cookie drop thingys (can't remember the name) - Again these had minimal flavor.Mini-cheesecakes - blech. I'll say no more.I didn't try the special frosted cookies but at $2.80 each it seemed very expensive price to pay inside the bakery they're made. After all it's not like they have high distribution costs to pay for when travelling 20ft from the kitchen to the display case. And at $2.80 I expect a more professional looking effort at coloring the cookies.However, I did like the service! The girl working there was friendly, helpful and would be an asset to any store.
5	Holy crikes this rugalach is amazing!  Cheese-filled with fruit and I think chocolate.  Walking into Karsh's with my Groupon in hand, I thought I'd landed back in mama's womb.  Pastry is one of my comfort foods.  Flaky, buttery and chilled to the right temperature.  I'm not saying mama's womb was flaky but...I also got an eclaire, some mini-pastries and a white cake that's covered with chocolate icing, then rolled in coconut.  That's in the freezer until book club night!The service was wonderful!  I got to try a bunch of different sweets and left with a huge bag of stuff.  For my $20-valued Groupon, I will be eating this for a week.  A WEEK.Only bad thing is that it's close enough that I can walk there.
4	I am really torn about Karsh's.  I have been shopping here for 20 some odd years, and have definitely seen some ups and downs.  The service used to be fabulous, then it got crappy, and now its pretty good.The same goes for the baked goods.  The quality of the product seems to go hand in hand with the quality of the staff.  However, their cake has remained consistently delicious.  The Black and Whites used to be pretty darn good, but now they are MUCH MUCH more cake like and dense than they used to be.  And the frosting has gotten progressively sweeter over the years.  The bear claws have now taken over as my new favorite.  The fruit bars are now hit and miss as to whether or not they are soft.  Chocolate horns are nice, as is most of the candy type confections.Prices of course have gone up, but that is everywhere.So how do I feel about Karsh's?  That's a good question, it appears that my love and bewilderment towards Karsh's changes with the wind.  So ask me each time and we'll see what the review says this week?!
4	Went in this morning and I was on my phone so I didn't get greeted, but I thought I would when I hung up the phone since I was the only one there, but no...I decided to greet her instead. No smile on her face...how disappointing. Moving on to the pastries...I ordered a strawberry, cream cheese, and blueberry danishes. I'm still trying to finish the strawberry one. All 3 cost 5.30 which I don't think is too bad. It's a good size portion and just enough balance to be sweet, but not too sweet. I thought the fillings were great and the cream cheese itself. Overall, it started my morning pretty great! (They just have to work on their greetings.)
4	Its a decent New York-esque Jewish bakery.  I want so badly to love it 5-star-style, but unfortunately a lot of their stuff seems to be kind of dry.The nice part is they have free samples of just about everything, so at least you know what you're getting.  And they are totally fine with you making a meal out of the samples.  The service is awesome and the prices are what they should be for a bakery.  I've gone here a few times since moving to AZ and will definitely be back.  Go for the rugelach or the onion rolls!
3	I stopped by Karsh's to spend my groupon on pastries for a work meeting (hope they don't expect breakfast every time!).  I was happily surprised at how reasonable their prices were.  I walked out with tons of yummy pastries - bear claws, danishes, etc.   They were all yummy.  Even after purchasing way more than I actually needed, I still hadn't spent the entire $20 groupon... I was about 70 cents under, so the woman helping me threw in a handful of small, sprinkled cookies to make up the difference.  Nice!This is definitely a place to keep in mind, when the usual donuts just won't do!
4	Great local bakery.  Has been a part of the valley for decades...have very fond childhood memories tied to this place and the wonderful pastries, cakes and cookies.
4	I loved baked goods! Let's just start with that. This place satifys the craving every time. The basic white cupcake with white buttercream frosting is my favorite. Actually all of the cupcakes are delish. The brownies are great, the pastrys are yummy. I will say the cookies are a little dry but nothing a glass of milk can't fix.
4	Growing up in Phoenix, Karsh's was the only "Jewish" bakery in town. Back in the day, Phoenix was small and the Jewish community was tight knit (or so my memory goes-TBI on Thomas anyone?) so all of the parties, Shivas, Bris's, Oneg's, (you get the picture) had something or many somethings from this bakery. I don't know about the changes in ownership or any of ins and outs of the business here,  but I have always have had a fondness for their marble rye-which I lovingly referred to as "zebra bread". In fact, their rye bread in general has been my gold standard for years and years.Now that I live in the Bay Area, whenever I come to town, I knew I would get my deli fix at Miracle Mile(the only Jewish style deli on the West side of town and sadly now closed) and I knew my hot pastrami would always be perfect because they used Karsh's rye bread. On my visit in January and on the way to Sun City from the airport, I had my Mom (Grandma in tow) take me to Scott's Generations (next door and review to follow) and after a disappointing meal there and an obvious lack of using Karsh's rye for my sandwich, I asked Mom to get a loaf of "zebra bread" for me to eat at her house (best way is toasted with cream cheese and strawberry or raspberry jam). Within minutes (while I was escorting Grandma to the car), she came out with the loaf of rye and a very memorable pink box with a round chocolate chip cake thing that I never can remember the name of that tastes delicious with a steaming cup of Peet's Garuda blend (I brought the Bay Area with me of course)!I think when my Mom comes to visit next month I will ask her to bring a couple of loaves of zebra bread. I may actually break my vow to never ever freeze bread (those of you with a Jewish Grandma might know why)...
2	I popped in at 9:30am on a Sunday morning expecting a bustling bakery with fresh-baked everything. I brought 13 bagels to my students and we found them to be stale.  These bagels were in baskets behind the counter, so I figured they were baked the same morning.  The attendant was no-nonsense but friendly.  I will try the sweet pastries next time.
4	I miss Karsh's (no longer live in AZ), although I really like Bea's Bakery out here.  Chompies' bakery rivaled them on some items, but Karsh's made the BEST cakes.....I got one for my daughter's Bat Mitzvah.....and smaller cakes for birthdays and such.  Absolutely YUMMMMMMMMY.  Perfect cake, perfect icing.  Great challah, too.  Their other bakery items were also quite good....rugelach, hamentashen, brownies, cookies.  I'm just glad I didn't live close to them when I lived there.  Downside...they were always crowded, and I always had to wait awhile before getting served.
4	There are plenty of bakeries closer to my home, but I come over to Karsh's when I need a special cake because they are one of the best in town. I've had several cakes done here, and have never been disappointed. One of the most beautiful & most memorable was an Ariel cake for my daughter, complete with chocolate pebbles that made up the bottom of the ocean. With an assortment of fillings to choose from (my favorite is the raspberry), the cake is always moist and delicious!
4	First time here and the Challa and the butter cookies were "to-die-for"!!Great service great baked goods and we will be back.....over & over & over!
3	Employee wasn't overly helpful or friendly.Bummed they don't do any gluten free.  Got a couple cookies for my girls.  They thought they were just okay... and didn't finish them.
2	My baby sister and I were pregnant at the same time last year, and my family was thrilled at the coincidence, so imagine my crushing disappointment when my pregnancy turned life threatening and I was sent to Good Samaritan Hospital for bed rest at only eighteen weeks!  That meant I was going to miss my little sister's baby shower! :(  That made me incredibly sad.  What made me even sadder was her tearfully explaining to me that the baby shower her (bossy) mother in law was organizing for her was a hot-ass mess, AND that her mother in law was refusing to provide a cake for the shower!"Ah ha" I thought!  "I can save the day from my hospital bed AND provide a kick ass cake for her baby shower!  Yay!!"  So I called Karsh's because they have some of the most YUMMYTASTIC cakes I've ever tasted...  Well, my first call to Karsh's didn't go so well because the first employee I spoke to didn't seem too interested in helping me AT ALL (it was close to closing time apparently) so I decided to call back the next day.  On my second call to Karsh's I reached an employee who said he was a manager, so I explained to him that I was stuck in the hospital, but that I would like to order a baby shower cake for my little sister's baby shower in a couple of weeks and that I would pay for it over the phone with my credit card and that my husband would pick it up for me the day of the shower.  He said he would be happy to help me with this order.  I told him what size I needed and what flavors we'd like for the cake and then he asked me about a decoration for the cake and I told him that her baby shower theme was baby turtles and baby owls, and maybe could they do something with that theme in mind...?  He said 'sure' and I assumed that dealing with a professional bakery and all, that they'd do something nice within those parameters.  Holy Mary, Mother of God, was I dead wrong about THAT.You see the day of the shower arrived and my husband ran over to Karsh's Bakery and picked up the cake (and trust me, it wasn't a cheap cake) and then he brought that big, pink bakery box over to my hospital room so that when my little sister popped in to see me before going to her shower, I could surprise her with a beautiful cake to take to her party.Well, let me tell you what, my husband opened the tape sealing the edges of that pink bakery box so I could get a sneak peek and my face just froze in an expression of utter horror...  The idiots who decorated her cake over at Karsh's Bakery went and printed out an ugly black and green edible image of a giant sea turtle and plastered that monstrosity across the front of my sister's baby shower cake!!  And then in teeny tiny pink letters at the bottom of the photograph wrote "Welcome Baby Emma".I have never cried so hard in my LIFE!!  I think my nurses were worried I was going to go into labor I was so upset and sobbing.  Seriously, I was a wreck.I was crushed.  It was the ugliest, MOST disastrous mess you've ever seen.  I seriously cried for hours and I couldn't even look at my little sister when she came to my room to see what the "big surprise" was that I had for her that day.  I hid my face in my pillow quietly sobbing and pretended to be sleeping when she came by.It was the most unprofessional thing you've EVER seen.  :(  We should have taken a picture of it for the cake wrecks blog, but I was so distraught that I didn't want to look at it anymore.My family still put on a brave face and took that monstrosity to her baby shower, while I hid in my hospital room and sobbed, and while everyone who saw it all agreed it was hideous, they also said it was quite delicious.  Thankfully my sister was quite a good sport about it and thanked me profusely for the gesture.  I think she knew my intentions were good.So there you have it; take it for what it's worth.  Karsh's makes delicious cakes, as long as you don't mind your 'adorable' baby shower cake looking like some Jacques Cousteau nature photograph out of a dusty old circa. 1960's textbook with some tiny, unprofessional greeting piped out frosting at the bottom of the ridiculous photograph.
5	I love this place!  Since moving to Phoenix I miss my favorite Kosher bakeries and am so happy to have found Karsh's.  They have the best Challah bread I've had since I moved here, I love their egg bagels, and the rolls are delicious.  Next time I'm going to try the rye bread.Their butter cookies are melt in your mouth delicious and the rugelach and decos were delicious.  I was so happy to find an apple strudel like my great grandmother used to make, that even though this place is a drive from me (I'm in E Mesa) I will definitely be making more trips here in the future.
4	First it was kosher. Then it was kosher-style. Now it's kosher again (and has been for several years.) The recipes never changed - the politics of this silly town did.And all along, it's been my favorite little Jewish bakery in town. Chompies is nothing in comparison!The Raspberry Delight cake has been my favorite cake EVER, consistently, for about 20 years. I've even given it as a birthday cake and anniversary cake to loved ones. Don't let the small size fool you - this thing packs a wallop of flavor!The breads are always consistently really good. This morning, the Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated and I were in, and he opted for a marble rye. A gorgeous, perfect, deceptively heavy super crusty rye. YUM!I avoid the butter cookies as much as I can. Mostly because once I eat one, I won't stop until they're all gone. Yes, I have eaten almost a full pound in one day. Not a pretty sight.All the other cookies, cakes, mondelbread, hamentaschen, etc. are top notch, too.So nice to have a real old school kosher bakery in the hood!
2	Karsh's Bakery has been around forever - with that kind of staying power, you would expect great things when you walk through the door.  How else did they make it so long here?Well, I don't have an answer for you.  After a recent visit, I still have no idea.  The place felt very sterile and there was a lack of personality behind the counter.  Perhaps that is because there was a lack of confectionary wonderment in the bakery cases.  Sure they had basic cookies and cakes, and some sweet breads, but Momma L and I were hard pressed to find a special birthday treat for her.  It could be the curse of an afternoon visit that could be blamed for the lack of variety, but they did seem to have plenty of cookies left.  And their cakes looked amazing but there was only the option to purchase a whole cake.  I'm sure they do quite a bit of catering and it could be well worth it for a special cake order. But for the occasional visit as a special treat for the eyes and tastebuds, this was not the place.We did purchase an 2 eclairs - since that was the most exciting option - and can't say that it was a memorable birthday dessert that night.
4	What a fun little bakery.  My husband has been in love with the Coco Bars since childhood (I personally am not a fan, but that is ok).  Any time I need to score brownie points with him, I stop in on my way home from work and grab a few.  The cake bites they have are wonderful.  We got a variety of them for our Easter Egg dyeing night with family and everyone loved them.  The cupcakes are always good.
2	I had such high hopes for this bakery when I moved into the neighborhood last year. I've made quite a few visits there and I think I will not be returning.First, the service. EVERY time I've gone, without fail, I have been put off by the service. There are usually 3 or 4 people behind the counter, just awkwardly STARING at you as you browse the baked goods. They either ignore you completely or try to rush you into choosing, either way I always leave feeling like my business inconvenienced and annoyed them. Second, the food. Honestly, it's just not any good. At all. Cookies, bagels, muffins, pastries, bread...they are all pretty bad in quality and are WAY overpriced. I've gotten, and will continue to get, better quality products for way less at the Bashas bakery 2 doors down.Today was the last straw. The rather rude employees actually made comments to each other about another customer as soon as that person left the store. I couldn't even FINISH some of what we bought today which really says something. Never in my life have I ever left a sweet treat unfinished! And my loaf of "fresh sourdough" was stale and completely tasteless. I have no clue how they've been in business so long, or how they've gotten so many glowing reviews.
5	Great service, fresh and amazing selection. I always leave with 10 dessert items. Love this place!
5	One of the last great bakeries in Phoenix....in Arizona for that matter.  No one compares to the Jewish bakery that has been operating in the valley for over 30 years.  Although the original owners are no longer running the operation, the business has been handed off to a friend of the family who has done an amazing job with continuing the tradition.  Everything at Karsh's is great... no lie.  From their bagels, to cakes and cookies, pastries, and more...you'll never leave with an item you don't like.  You can try (taste) pretty much every item available before you purchase, and their staff can customize any order to fit your needs.  Some people might think their cakes and cookies look basic...they aren't.  And yes, their Black and White cookies are cakey...just like they are supposed to be.  Karsh's is Arizona's finest Jewish bakery.
5	For those in Phoenix, it is indeed a sad day. Karsh's Bakery, a staple in the Phoenix area for almost 50 years is closing it's doors tomorrow. There is no other bakery that even comes close to the quality and flavor that came from their shop. Karsh's will be missed.
5	Sorry to hear they are closing. I have not been there in 10 years as I live too far away but, the bread was always great. There is a bakery ran by a jewish family (galileo Bakery) in Scottsdale----great bread and pastries---but not KOSHER like Karsh was. The girl there said they would look into kosher if they get lots of requests. Go in and try them and PLEASE ask for Kosher.
5	Per evening news this place will close its doors today March 26, in t-minus 5 minutes. Wish I could have visited them in their heyday.
