5	I am a huge fan of the original Tempe location of the CPC so was very happy to hear a while back that they were opening closer to Chandler in Mesa.We arrived 2 hours after they opened and although some work was clearly still being done the service was as friendly and quick as ever.The pasties were the same delicious taste of home that i have become addicted to and like the Tempe restaurant they have a great selection of beers.The CPC is a breath of fresh air in an area full of chain restaurants and so I will be back for more pasties and beer for sure!P.S This location has great outdoor seating for lazing the day away over a few beers with mates.
5	I lurve me some Cornish Pasty Company (see previous Yelp) and new location doesn't let you down.  Food & Service as great as ever and considering they had only been open for a couple of hours when I got there, everything was spot on.  I think I may enjoy this location better because of the look of it, definitely more open, bright and airy with great benches and long tables to accommodate you and about 6 other pals at a time.  Oh dear, I've done it again.  Yelped about cornish pasties and now REALLY want one for lunch...must resist.
5	Liked the Tempe location but like this one better. I went there for the first time last night and it was refreshing having a more open atmosphere and the choice for outdoor seating. As usual service was awesome, beer was awesome, and food was awesome. I left very contented.
5	alright haters, sometimes good things come out of mesa (including yours truly).true, it is a rare and beautiful occurrence when the stars align and "cool" and "mesa" can be used together in the same sentence.this is one of those times:1. same delicious pasties as you know and love in tempe;2. except this location has a FULL bar;3. same $3 irish car bombs you know and love;4. plus an AMAZING juke box that is FREE (like shady's awesome!);5. bigger restaurant means even when you belly up, your makeup won't melt off when they open the oven doors;6. sizable patio that you you can drink on;7. open late for eating and drinking on the weekends;8. hooks under the bar to hang your purse on (boys, you may laugh at this, but the floor versus lap dilemma really bums a girl out);and there you have it: 8.2 reasons to venture to mesa (i mean, it's like barely mesa, right on the border). so suck it up and check it out!
5	I almost felt underdressed walking into the Mesa location of one of my very favorite eateries. Being used the to hot, crowded, loud Tempe location, hubski and I showed up in our jeans and ratty we-were-thinking-about-going-to-bed-but-decided-to-go-Cornish-style-instead shirts.In this location, the owners had a little- ok a lot- more space to be creative. The seats are church pews. There are candles in wine bottles. I won't ruin everything for you, but just look closely at the tables.Although the space is larger, the decor helps to maintain the cozy comfortable quality we love about Cornish-Tempe.I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken- veggie style. Hubski got the veggie tikka masala. They were both delicious, as always. We went back with a friend a couple of nights later and ordered the caramel apple pasty and the banoffee pie. They were out of bananas so they substituted strawberries. It was tasty, but bananas really belong to that confection. The apple caramel pasty was PMS-licious!We love this place and we'll be back soon... maybe tonight!Oh- and a shoutout to Lindsay B.- no trans fats in sight!
4	4.5 stars (I've never met a place that I'd give 5 stars to as "the best i've ever had")Very cool place.  I read about this in the newspaper and then heard nothing but great reviews.  After a night out with friends we decided (I convinced) that we should check it out for dessert.  I heard about the PB&J pasty so I wanted to try.We showed up at 10pm on a Friday and the seating was ample for our group of 8.  The chairs are church pews and the decoration/ambience is really, really well done.  The staff is extremely nice and helpful (and fast).  We had a few Banoffee (which although sounds like coffeee, has nothing of the sort in it) and PB&J desserts which were great.  Admittedly the PB&J was really, really sweet.  But I still ate it all.I can't wait to come back for their other food for lunch/dinner.  I was recommended to try the Royale with Cheese pasty upon return (an homage to Pulp Fiction, of course).Try this place out!  I don't drink, but looked like a great hang-out if you do.
4	Why haven't I gone to Cornish Pasty Co until now? This was the question that continued to plague me as I enjoy my two dollar Jameson shot (yep, the happy hour straight shot deal isn't just well) and then followed it up with Dogfish 90 Minute IPA while I waited for my veggie Greek pasty to arrive at my table. The location is great, very visible for those not familiar with Mesa, you literally cannot miss it on the corner of the strip mall. They were completing two big outside benches/tables on Saturday as we arrived, so there will be room for big groups of people to relax on the patio and enjoy their food and drank. Everything was superbly clean and well placed. The service was fast and the food was prepared quickly. The music was just right, so much so I didn't even notice what was on, it all just blended together to make a delightful experience. Definitely will be back here for libations and/or tasty treats in the coming months. I just hope there are some misters setup outside for the coming blaze that is our summer.
3	3.5Very cool place to hang out and drink beer for sure.....5 out of 5 for thatThe food was just OK though.  I got the peppersteak pastry .... the meat was kind of chewy and low grade,  however the pastry and peppercorn brandy sauce were good.  I'd go back and try something else in the future and maybe bump up my score.Juke box is full of good music!  Thats a bonus.
5	It was hard for me to believe that a non-American convenience food (similar to the Indian samosas) could become so popular in Phoenix. This restaurant gives me a new perspective, and I think that a fast-food nation could in fact get elegantly poised over a hot plate of Cornish heaven. Such is the power of this convenience food. The bangers and mash is the closest to the original recipe of the pasty and therefore is a must try. 'The Italian' is scrumptious but is not the smartest thing to go in for at a British eatery. For a more wholesome meal a side of mushy peas seasoned with salt and pepper is a good order. The decadent mix of colonial English interiors and ultramodern music weaves magic on Pasty Company customers, making them want to come back time and again.
4	I finally made it to this spot. We sat at the bar. I must complement the purse hooks. I love them, they have a clasp and are easy to get to! (I know guys probably don't understand but it is a big deal to the ladies) We ordered the cottage pie pasty and the rosemary chicken, and split them. The cottage pie was my favorite. The red wine gravy was really good, totally comfort food. The rosemary chicken was good also, but be sure you really like roasted red peppers. I loved the $3 Car Bombs and cheap mixed drinks. The beer list is huge. Sitting at the bar you get to see them make everything. The desserts looked fantastic but I was stuffed. The staff was great and very helpful since it was my first time. I will definitely be back.
4	This is so great, I don't have to have Tony's Pasties FedExed from Michigan anymore! Thanks Cornish Pasty, gosh you're nice!AND vegetarian/vegan!5 stars when you go gluten free.Good luck and godspeed.
5	The long awaited second location finally open, Cornwall native Dean Thomas has another major hit on his hands! A wonderful collection of made from scratch pasties (say "Pass-Tee"), unique desserts and some of the best examples of the brewers arts to be found anywhere on this side of the pond.Lunch or dinner will cost you less than $10.00 (without the beer) and the variety is a bit staggering. From the traditional Oggie with beef, onions, potatoes and rutabaga with a lovely red wine gravy, to the adventurous Lamb Vindaloo with basmati rice, potatoes, lamb and a wonderfully spicy vindaloo sauce all of Dean's creations are worth trying.We have been visiting this hidden wonder for a couple of years now and have tried most of the items on the menu. (Except for the vegetarian pasties which we just have not gotten to yet.) It is nearly impossible for me to pick a favorite, they are all that good!If you enjoy beer then Dean's selections will please you. Not a drab, tasteless lager in the bunch! Hoegaarden on draught as well as Guinness, Harp and Strongbow Cider plus a few others to keep a beer lover happy for a long time.With more room to seat folks, a nice bar/counter, outdoor seating (complete with an area for those that still smoke.) and TWO bathrooms the new Mesa location of the Cornish Pasty Co. is sure to be a huge success.Take the time to stop by either location of The Cornish Pasty Co. you will come back again and again
4	Had the Tempe CPC on my radar for a while, but this is a bit closer so I hit it for lunch.Love the pasty! Had the Bangers & Mash, but there is a nice list of tasty options that could keep me coming back for a long time. Also a good selection of draft beer. I went with the Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA, which went great with the pasty.Another good sign to me was that few of the customers looked anything alike. An older couple, a few Harley riders, some guys in suits, a few punk-looking gents... all there for the good grub. Looking forward to a return trip.
4	Wow, I've been living next to this place for a few months and I've been missing out.  Its mostly English fare, sometimes with a twist.  I'm a pasty fan and was scoffing about how the crust would be all wrong and the shepherds pie would be made with beef, etc, but I had to eat my words (I wasn't wearing a hat).  Everything was perfect and the sauce was fantastic!  One of our orders got messed up a bit but we got some freebies on the house that made up for it.  Lots of good draft beer, and even a tasty draft cider I hadn't tried before.  The staff was great, helpful and friendly without being too clingy, and my glass never went empty.   I'll be back for sure.
4	Amazing food and I prefer the atmosphere at this location.
5	Yum!  Yum!  Yum!I went with a friend for dinner on a Wednesday night and the restaurant was fairly crowded.  She got some Thanksgiving Turkey pasty with stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce on the side.  She said it was wonderful.  As a vegetarian there was a whole page of choices!!  I went with the Mock Rosemary Chicken one the waitress recommended.  I really liked it... mock chicken, brie cheese, mushrooms, potatoes, roasted red peppers and a sweet mustard sauce on the side.It was so filling that I couldn't even finish it.  Which is a bit of a bummer because I wanted one of the delish sounding desserts so bad.  I must make a special trip some night soon just for dessert.The atmosphere was trendy, fun and friendly.  The service was GREAT.  The food was cheap and as good as it gets.What took me so long to finally try this place?  I can't wait to go back.
5	Being English and missing a lot of the things we can't get over here we were delighted to have found this place.  I have not tried all of the pasties and have stuck to the traditional ones that we get at home, i.e, cheese and onion and cornish and they are very good!!  I sent my husband there to buy their half baked ones so we could freeze them and have whenever we get the craving and I ended up ordering $80 worth without any regrets.  Needless to say my freezer is full of pasties and I even have a couple of ones I have not tasted before, so looking forward to trying those.  Have not eaten in the place either but quite frankly the food is that good I don't it would matter what it's like inside.  Also just noticed this is the Mesa shop we have only bought from the newly opened on in Tempe.
4	Went back for lunch again today. The service was spot on and the food was fabulous. I ordered the Carne Avada and I am in LOVE. My mom had the Greek Chicken which was really good too. I sat at the bar and the kitchen staff is very entertaining. See you soon my little pockets of heaven...
5	O..M..G... This place is SO GOOD! And I love the atmosphere...it's just very cool, chilled and laid back. I love the church pew bench seating and the doors as tables. The service staff was great, fast and friendly. The place was so clean and just bright and airy. I would love to come back for their happy hour sometime and try all their imports. Loved all the historical facts in the menu. Just an all around cool place. As for the food...delish. My husband and I split The Italian and The Bangers and Mash. First off the crust on both was amazing. What a great flavor, and crispy yet soft at the same time. The Italian was pretty good for being in a British place. If you're looking for a Stromboli or calzone, stick with La Famiglia or Old Chicago, but for the most part, it was pretty damn tasty. Loved the roasted tomatoes on it. The Bangers and Mash..well I had my half of that second, and I'm so glad I did. I'm still savoring the delicious red wine gravy that you pour over the pasty. And I'm always a mashed potato fan. The sausage had an excellent flavor and the whole thing just went together nicely. Yum...SO GOOD. I can't wait to back and try more! Oh and a really cool feature...the waitress noticed my husband was on his lunch hour and we were sort of hurried, so she gave us a menu and said next time we come to order ahead and they'd have them ready when we got in. I love that kind of service. Definitely will be going back.
4	After the Yelp Office hours yesterday at Bunna, Brian S. and I peeled off from the group for lunch.I hadn't had anything really "british" in a long time...maybe not since the last time I was in London (haggis, pasty, bangers and mash, bubble and squeak...I just realized that british pub food names sound a lot like a rough morning on the growler:)We headed east in search of authentic british pub fare (I have to use the word "fare" when I talk about british food...it's some sort of legal review requirement).We didn't make it all the way to London, but it still turned out alright.Jeff M. also attended Office Hours and told us about a new, and significantly less "fragrant" Cornish Pasty Company location at Dobson and Guadalupe, in the comfortable confines of Mesa:)Now when I look for authenticity in british pub grog, I start right at the front door.* When I walk in, do hear a nearly unintelligible version of the English language, with "h's" being dropped left and right and "v's" substituting for "th's" in most words? No, I didn't hear that at CPC!* When the barman and hostess smile at me, do I see the results of 85th best dental care system in the world, with the traditional "rusty picket fence" smile so favored by the English working class? I didn't see a hint of less than perfect dental hygiene at CPC.* If I'm trying to find a seat or a table, and politely inquire as the availability of a given chair or table, do I get a jaunty "piss off" in reply? I did not!I was becoming alarmed about the ability of CPC to produce a decent pasty, given the mounting evidence that CPC just "isn't the real thing", but I buried my misgivings and went ahead and ordered a Cottage pie. I say, old boy! I needn't have worried a whit! These delightful and extraordinarily tasty little footballs (American football...not soccer) of pastry wrapped meat, potatoes, veggies and spice are as authentic as Prince Charles (and roughly 4 times better looking). They don't just make really good pasty's and pies at CPC, they make them pretty! They braid the dough on top of the pasty before they bake them...they get points for presentation!Brian had a chicken greek pie that also looked tasty and well made.CPC has a nice bar area surrounding the kitchen so you can watch the cooks at work (in another un-authentic touch, I didn't see single cook working over a large vat, with a cigarette dangling from his lips...I don't know how they made a pasty this good with all these handicaps:)The total bill for everything, including drinks, was less than $20 (another un-authentic touch...the last time I was in London, a pack of gum cost $20, although, in fairness to CPC, that might have something to do with the rate of exchange).Finally, although I don't normally review the restrooms, I will.After the meal, I had to "shake hands with unemployed" as we say across the pond (it can be a long and uncomfortable drive back to Scottsdale, otherwise). The restrooms are quite small and usable by only one person at a time, unless you have more of a "euro" sensibility and don't mind sharing the loo...I doo.So what's the verdict? Nope, it's not like the local you'll find in London...thank god! It's much, much better! Swing by and get a pint and pie at this new and non-stinky CPC!
4	Um, yeah.  This place RULES.  The Tempe location differs greatly from the Mesa/Chandler location but are equally great.  The Tempe vibe is that of a hole in the wall NY/SF/Chicago joint and sometimes I can actually take a moment and feel like I'm not in drab AZ.  The Chandler location is new, cleaner but mirrors the same decor, menus and furniture that the Tempe spot has. For awhile I couldn't get away from the Cajun - this one is my favorite. I've tried the Royale With Cheese and  the Italian.  All of them were good but the cajun, by FAR, rules thus far.Unfortunately, I have only been to Cornish during my work day, so I haven't been able to wet my whistle with the great beer selection they have.  Plenty of English/Irish style beers to choose from - a decent happy hour too.The menu also educates you on what a Pasty (PAS-TEE) is. Give it a try!
5	yes, it is 5 star blow your knickers off good. In fact, read Brian S.'s review because he lays it all out as to why this is such a heavenly spot. All I will add - lamb and mint pasty with a kroenenberg beer...Tuck in!
5	I like the Tempe location better but this one is good too!  The church pews do kick ass.Favorite pasties:  Vegetarian balsamic mushroom with mozzerella, spinach, and a side of marinara.  Peppered steak, the blue cheese in it makes it!  And for dessert the pb&j with banana!GREAT BEERS!
5	After a long hike, my group of 6 was starving and I decided that we should check out the Cornish Pasty Co, in Mesa. We ordered a variety of pasties: the Royale w/ cheese, Shepherd's Pie, Chicken Alfredo and the Reuben.Now, you may wonder...what the HELL is a pasty? First of all, it's pronounced 'pass-tee', which is a meat pie. Not to be mistaken for 'pace-tee', used to describes a person's pale complexion or those nipplage stickers burlesques dancers use. It's the British version of a Spanish empanada. And, IT IS HUGE!! I like huge....food... ;o)I ended up ordering the Shepherd's Pie. The flaky shell crust hides the meat and potatoes, on the inside.  The meat was well seasoned, super yummy and blended well, with the mashed potatoes. I was craving for more, after my first bite. Actually, it was so good, I can still imagine the taste of the pasty, in my mouth. Hello, drool!A single pasty will cost you about $8. It's enough to fill up a single adult. We didn't get sides, this time around.  But, we will next time.  And, oh yes, there WILL be a next time!!The church pews are a nice touch.  The service super friendly and helpful.  I got no complaints and I will come here, again. Oh, why don't we have one like this in San Diego?!? Why? Why? WHY?!?Until the next time Cornish Pasty Company..... *le sigh*
5	Been meaning to try Cornish Pasty Company for I don't even know how long. Just hadn't gotten to it.Today we got to the Mesa location and it was killer. Started off great just walking through the door. The decor is killer. They have done some neat things with the bar (tiling, industrial purse hooks - the Mrs. loves those so they stood out to me). The church pews for seating and the glassed over doors for tables are super cool. The melted candle bottles on the table and the black & white photos also help to give it a nice vibe.Next looked at the menu and they have a great beer selection (mix of on tap & bottles). I did get a bit overwhelmed with the number of pasty choices (which is good). They also have quite a large number of vegetarian pasties which is nice - for the rest of the family. : )Whittled it down to the chicken tikka, shepherd's pie and royale with cheese. The server recommended the chicken tikka and I went with that. The pasty itself was excellent. Great flavor, little bit of heat, great pastry. As the Mrs. is from Australia, we're big into pastry and things like pasties, meat pies, sausage rolls, etc. I definitely need to get her here soon!The service was great as well. Everybody was super nice and quite efficient. Food and drink came quickly. All in all, a great experience. Quite happy with the entire meal.With so many pasty choices, I think it's trouble once you break the seal. I foresee many, many visits in our future.
4	This food is amazing, and very cheap.  I ate for less that 10 dollars and walked out stuffed.  I think everyone should give it a try. The decor of the place is really great, and unusual for the southwest.  Go and eat and be merry.
4	I went with Lamb and Mint...  I can't really explain or relate it to anything per say but it was gooooood.  The dipping sauce (gravy) it came with was really good.At first glance it didn't look like it'd fill me up but I was surprised... the meat and stuff is packed pretty dense so it works.  The bread is really tasty and crusty but not too dry.The beers were like $6 a pop and for two of us it was $30 before tip...I'll go back... was pretty good... lots of other pasties to try on the menu
5	This place has great iced tea and every thing I have tried on the menu has been great.  Top notch food and service.
4	I'm glad I joined Yelp today. If I hadn't, I wouldn't have seen mention of this place, and we wouldn't have had a delicious dinner tonight - or maybe we would have, but these people wouldn't have cooked it.I enjoyed my meal here, as did my husband. I had their asiago chicken pasty, while he had the Mexican, with no sides. Even so, the meal was filling and flavorful. The atmosphere is fun, and not quite what I expected, with church pews and an industrial sort of feel. Our server was attentive. The only downside was that it seemed a little loud - not the music but the chatter of other people seemed to overwhelm the place. I'd like to go back and try their desserts sometime.It was a little difficult to find this place - it's tucked away in a corner in the plaza right on the corner of Guadalupe and Dobson. We went right past it at first.
5	This place is rad! Some friends of ours took us here and I had no clue this type of food existed here in AZ. It was my first time having a Pasty and I got the Philly cheese steak pasty and it was awesome.  We had the peanut butter, banana and jelly pasty for dessert and it blew my mind. How this place has not opened more locations than a few I will never know. I can't wait to go back .
4	I love this place... The salmon ceasar salad,bangers n mash pasty,royale with cheese pasty and the tropical tea have all been perfect and delicious. I will be back again and again. The waitstaff is good... young hipster set but helpful without being hovery. Try the Caramel banan dessert... simple but super rich.. must be shared! its huge.
2	I was so excited when I read about this place - it was something I never thought I'd find. Backstory - when I was a teenager and would hang out weekends in Harvard Square my favorite place to eat was Warburtons - anyone remember it? It all connected with the Susan Howatch novels (Penmarric) I was reading at the time - anyway I digress. Suffice it to say that the whole pasty concept was intriguing and this place was terrific. It closed down years ago but I kept hoping I'd find something similar ... someday.To present day, newly come to the area. We finally made it to the Mesa location. I was glad there wasn't a wait, but walking in was a strange experience. It was dark, loud with no one at the entrance to seat us. Figured it wasn't that kind of place. The decor was a definite turnoff for me - cold, weird seating that felt like a black and white railroad car. I hate to be nit-picky but the first thing I saw when I sat down was a spider going up the wall next to me.Ok, enough on atmosphere. The food ... huge menu that's a lot of fun to look at with lots of choices. I had the Greek salad and Greek chicken pasty. The salad was great - enough for 2. MH had the Mexican, which was actually quite spicy, and he's very used to spice. Overall our opinion on the pasties was ... ok. Quite filling - we only had half each. However, we thought they'd be a bit bigger to justify the cost, or a dollar or two cheaper since they don't come with anything else.  The dough was sturdy, well formed for holding the fillings but it was definitely hard.Re: the service - it was good - she was friendly ... but it was hard to find anyone when we wanted anything, especially when we wanted to pay and leave.I hesitated writing this since everyone seems to love it so much, but this was my experience ... not bad, but not somewhere I want to spend my precious restaurant dollars for a so-so experience. The atmosphere was kind of off-putting. Given everything, I don't think we'll be back. And I had such hopes! Sorry Cornish Pasty!
4	My niece is weary of my yelp adventures. This place has redeemed me. The decor was fun and functional. Easy atmosphere, good food , a young friendly staff. I took my niece at least 10 minutes to decide on the chicken pesto pasty. I had the veggie Mexican. The pasty is a meal, we left without having to discuss eco friendly to go containers. I always bring it up, my niece always mocks me. My eco activism isn't always consistent. We had I light flavored beer the waitress recommended. OK she loved the pesto chicken, I enjoyed the Mexican... We both are looking forward to your next visit. For me repeat visits are a true testament to a rave review. Peace!
5	I ain't got nothing bad to say about this place except I didn't go sooner. My kid and I were looking for a lunch this past June and rolled by this place about a mile from our house. I was curious and headed in. We really weren't sure what to expect but since I've spent some time in the UK, I was intrigued.The atmosphere is very cool. Industrial type metal tables, with candles burning on the tables and long wooden church pews for people to share tables.The waitresses (we've been back since) are really cool and completely unique from each other. My kid had a PB&J pasty, and I ordered the Cajun Chicken. I loved mine, and hers was so big she couldn't finish it. The next time I got the Rosemary Chicken, which I love almost as much as they Cajun. I am a picky eater but both of these were awesome. They do take a little time to cook your food, which means it's fresh. And if you call ahead you can special order (like no onions or whatever). They also deliver within a few miles of their location (including my house and MCC where I work!). I hear the desserts rock, too!I will keep going back.
3	My first question... what the heck is a pasty??? A group of 8 of us sat outside on a Friday evening... the waitress was awesome, keeping up with our beers and everything :) I went with the safe choice, I think it was called "the Italian", but it was filled with marinara sauce and meat (maybe sausage and/or peperoni). It was very tasty- reminded me of a stromboli with a thinner, flakier crust. Next time I'll try something more adventurous, I swear :) I did have a bite of the bf's "lamb and mint sauce" pasty and that was very good too (I'm not a total food wuss... really, I'm not). Hoping to get back there again soon to try more of the menu!
4	This is one of my favorite south Tempe haunts of late!  It has a relaxed feel, and a far more spacious dining area than the other Tempe location.  The Pasty is a unique little pocket of delight!  Originating as traditional miner's fare in Cornwall, England, the Pasty has now evolved into many new and interesting, nontraditional Pasties upon it's arrival to Tempe, AZ.  Although the more traditional Shepard's pie with red wine gravy is my favorite flavor, there is now a Royal with Cheese, a Chicken Tikka Masala, and many more fun-filled pasties to try!  For those of you that have had a Pasty in England, this will not be what you are expecting because the Pasty here is much larger.  There are no side items served with it and you should expect it to be a just little smaller than a calzone.  Go without the expectation for traditional English fare and the Pasty will not disappoint!  Aside from the yummy pasties, the setting of The Cornish Pasty is cozy and fun.  The Jukebox there is awesome....playing everything, classic rock, psychedelic, new wave, etc.  At night, the lights grow dim and each table is candle lit.  They have a large patio that is currently being remodeled and a long indoor bar that overlooks the cooks prepping delicious pasties.  The staff is a charming and scenic tattooed hipster crowd that make the place seem young and alluring and there are nearly always bikes parked outside and pints being poured.  They serve a nice assortment of beer in a nice array of sizes.  I love the Pasty and I love to recommend it because it is unique and just plain delicious!  If you haven't had a pasty yet, you should!!
4	Great place!  I would have never even noticed it tucked in the corner of the Chiba Hut lot if someone hadn't pointed it out to me.  This is one of the more interesting 'homesy' places in Phoenix that I enjoy going to and taking out of town visitors to.  The restaurant itself is very simple, it is very narrow and rectangular.  Most of the seating is at the bar/counter, which is right on the other side of the food preparation area.  There are about six or seven tables in the place, and they are all pushed up to the one wall that isn't the kitchen.  I have only good things to say about the food.  I watched mine be prepared from scratch as well as many other dishes and their ingredients are extremely fresh.  If you're crass like myself you could boil everything down to gourmet hot pockets.  The crust is flaky and just hard enough to keep it's shape, and there is almost no end to the ingredients you can order inside, from the traditional to the exotic.  I also noticed they had some great beers in stock.  I've never walked in to a Phoenix restaurant (excluding those attached to breweries) and seen Chimay on the menu.  All-in-all a great place to eat, I've been back a few times since my first visit and been pleased every time.
4	What a cool and odd place!!  The service was wonderful, the people - staff and customers were  fun and friendly!! I went original - with the Oggie and loved it!! Their red wine sauce - YUM! I wanted a few more sides of it, but controlled myself!  Although when I asked for a take-home box, the waitress asked if i'd like more sauce!!!! whooo hooo - heck YES i want more sauce!!My date had the Mexican -- pasty.  It was nice and spicy!! Interesting to have a mexican flavored irish pocket / sandwich - but hey, it works!!Go give 'em a try -- it's a different type of place and all in a great way!
3	I've been here once a month since my return. The first time was in June...I met up with a fellow gamer (geek alert...yes, I do play an MMORPG and no, it's not WoW) who lives around the corner from me. I didn't eat a pasty, bad me! Instead, I had their chicken caesar salad. Good lord I'd died and gone to heaven with a dish like that...not too much dressing, tons of leafy lettuce and chicken that was cooked just right!We loved the idea of the pews. I liked it because it reminded me of being back in Scotland. :DService rocked it! Friendly and kick ass, prompt! They are making me fall in love with them.A month later, I take hubby there...I order the same thing...and am massively disappointed. The lettuce is wilted, chicken is the best part of the salad and sadly, there is so much dressing I was distraught.Again, service rocked it...but hubby was most impressed with the happy hour prices of the beers and the size...and the selection. He wasn't happy with is pasty which was ok by my standards.Today I had a craving for a pasty. Hopped over there and had their chicken tikka. It was aight. Nothing to make me do cartwheels or dance on the tables. Ok, if I danced on the tables, I'd really be embarrassed because my ass would break it. I'm sure of it.Anyway, I'll give this place another whirl next month and see how it goes. Maybe it might be good.So far they're consistently inconsistent in the food, but their service is top notch.
4	Okay I went here on recommendation from some Yelpers and I have to admit a personal flaw...I add letters into words and flip things around when I'm reading sometimes, so this whole time I'm thinking Cornish Pasty is a Pastry (notice the 'r') joint...I know, I know, "didn't I read the reviews??" Yes, of course I read the reviews; but I'm like the ship Titanic...once I get an idea in my head it's really hard to 'turn the ship around' as it were...Once I got over the initial shock that this was, in fact not a pastry place, but a pasty place; I was pleasantly surprised! This place is great! Our server was friendly, talkative and attentive. The music was a little loud, but for the setting, I think it was at an appropriate level.I got the Philly Steak pasty and savored the flavors of the meat and man, that pasty crust was dang good too!! Yummy! Even though I had some personal problems in the beginning, it turned out to be a FABULOUS experience and I would recommend it to other Yelpers looking for some good eats.
4	I've had this place bookmarked for ages now and finally we were in the area so we went.  We drove around the stupid little shopping area forever just trying to find the restaurant until we discovered that the address is slightly misleading.  In case this happens to you, it is facing Dobson and a little bit south of Guadalupe.  I absolutely loved the decor of the restaurant, very minimalist, lots of black and white with a really eclectic mix of old, new, and industrial furnishings.  I really liked the church pews for the booths.  They could stand to have a better air conditioning system because the fairly open kitchen and the constant opening and closing of the ovens makes it get warm inside pretty quickly.The food I thought was fantastic.  The menu has a TON of different pasties to choose from, so there is definitely something on the menu for everyone, even vegetarians.  I chose the meat and cheese pasty which was pork sage sausage with a couple different cheeses inside.  When it came out, it looked beautifully golden brown on the outside.  I really really liked the pastry portion.  The inside was equally as good too.  The sausage was really delicious.  It was simple but so full of flavor.  My main gripe about this place is that they don't make the pasties fresh.  I watched the guys in the kitchen pull them out of the refrigerator/freezer.  However, even though this happens, they still taste delicious and fresh.  They probably just make them the morning of, as I can imagine they are quite time consuming to prepare.  Great place!
3	Well I know it is a Pasty company and all but why can't I just get normal bangers & mash?  Why do you have to screw it up by wrapping it in bread.  Also, when I order B&M, I expect it to have peas.  That's just the way I am used to it and, when it doesn't have them, it is missing part of the flavor.  That really screwed with my expectations of the order (that also took forever) and is why I didn't give them four stars.The quality was extremely high and the sausage was amazingly good.  The presentation was nice and the red wine sauce was the perfect compliment.  Totally a good meal for a decent price.  I would recommend this place for a pasty - just not for British food.  They are a one trick pony but at least they do it well.
5	pssst. dean's upgrading the patio seating area, with big tables/booths and a cover to block out the sun. think casey's, but with way better food and in mesa. can this place get any better??
4	Woohoo! I finally got to try a Pasty! I've tried to go to the Tempe spot a few times, but it was either almost closing, so kitchen was closed, or lunch, too busy. But this weekend the 101 to our house was closed, so had to take a detour down Dobson, passed CPC, and yelped (do I get a prize for working that in?) at my husband to turn the car around! I've been trying to try this place for years, I pleaded. Boddingtons on tap makes me happy, the Pasty I chose was the asiago chicken with roasted green chili, double happy. Hubby had lamb with a mint sauce, he ate the entire thing, amazing, then had a big fat nap when we got home.The interior is diner-like they do have much more seating than the Tempe spot (church pews with tables) and a patio at this location. I wouldn't mind coming back for a patio-beer day. Oh and the waitress did mention they might start doing brunch on Sundays soon, including mimosas and bloody marys.
2	Neo-Traditional British Bistro Cuisinie Meets American Dive BarFirst impressions - Very warm inside the restaurant, strong curry smell.Loud unintelligible heavy bass "music" playing.Feels more like a dive bar than an eatery.Friendly, knowledgeable staff.Good selection of beers.Small tables and booths, definitely not designed with comfort in mind.I can't say the music is bad, but very hard to understand because it's all bass and no treble - I think there are vocals...The red wine sauce provided would be at home in a beef burgundy but for a cottage pie? Not so much. Cottage pie pasty was dry and lacked the Worcestershire sauce flavor one would expect. Basically just ground beef and mashed potatoes.The crust was too crisp, dry and crumbly, not flaky. Had I been a Cornish miner, my lunch would have fallen in my lap upon the first bite.That's not to say the pastry didn't taste good, but it crumbled upon first contact with a knife. Luckily I had a knife, fork, and plate as my filling needed to be scooped after any attempt to penetrate the crust.The "Pilgrim" pasty came with a side of Stuffing....eh. The contents of the "Pilgrim" were less dry and tasted more like the intended turkey dinner than the cottage pie resemled its intended target dish. This dish came with cranberry sauce....eh. The red wine sauce went much better with this than it did with the other pasty.
5	Soo excited that I finally went here. I loved everything about it; the atmosphere with the candles and awesome music playing on the juke box, the service, and the food. Last night we went and sat out on the patio and I was in heaven! the weather was perfect, Heidi the owner was great, and I was so releived to finally find a cool place with good food by my house. I got the spicy asiago chicken pasty and it was great; and I think I might go back already today, and get the Rosemary chicken! yay finally a place with a little culture :)
3	Same goodies as the Tempe location but much bigger space. This location is rather nice with lots of seating and an ambient feel. I really enjoyed my pasty but I know my parents weren't as impressed. I had the veggie rosemary chicken, yes Quorn veggie chicken is the best thing ever. The pasty had veggie chicken, roasted red peppers, roasted red potatoes and some brie; it was fantastic. We also had some pea soup, baked broccoli & cauliflower, and some oven chips. The broccoli was delicious (I have an aversion to cauliflower) and the chips were good too; remember chips=fries, crisps=potato chips. Both my parents were disappointed with their dips, the chicken pot pie came with some red wine gravy instead of chicken gravy and the chicken alfredo came with ice cold marinara, they were out of alfredo sauce. Bottled beer was a little pricey. I still love me some Cornish Pasty.
3	I stopped in earlier this month with a friend. We went on a Tuesday night, and almost completely had the place to ourselves. That was OK  as we were able to chat without yelling @ each other, and were able to chat a little bit with Heidi. Great gal...very friendly service. I ordered the Oggie (The Traditional Pasty), mushy peas (mainly after gauging my friend's expression of comfort to see them on the menu...childhood memories no doubt), and chips (potato wedges). I wasn't overwhelmed by the food. However, is English food ever overwhelming?. The pasty was a little dry and the wine gravy takes some getting used to. Although the beef was lean, it wasn't too tender. I can't say I'd recommend on the food, but the Strongbow Cider and the Hoegaarden were both pretty good. Also stuck around to play some Cricket @ the dartboard, which probably wouldn't have normally been available. I think it seems like a good place to have some drinks with friends, and soak up a good crowd atmosphere on a busier night.
5	Countless pasties later and I'm back for an update.The patio had some issues so the owners (who are awesome) tore out the glass top long tables outside and added huge (seats 6+) booths with flower pots on top with cushion seats and backs.They've added more "dessert" pasties, plus more side dishes and salads.Sunday's now feature breakfast pasties, a bloody mary bar and mimosas.They are doing a lot more with this location than with the original Tempe shop, which I assume is because of the added space. Whatever the reason, they are doing it right.If you want to get the expanded Cornish Pasty Co experience, take a few extra minutes and hit the Mesa location. It WILL be worth your time.
3	Three stars only because our meal took about an hour and 45 minutes from beginning to end.  Our server explained it was because of an extremely large party and only one person being able to work the oven.  We had ordered pea soup and asked for it before the pasties came out.  Our server stopped by to check on drinks (we were each on our second and no soup in sight yet) and said our pasties should be out soon.  We realized she'd totally forgotten about our soup so we flagged her down and asked about it.She was very nice and apologetic and didn't charge us for the soup, which showed about about 10 minutes later...with our pasties.  Now about the food.  The long-awaited pea soup was well flavored and slightly chunky, with a dollop of cream on top.  Very yummy and delicious when scooped up with the bread and butter served with it.I had the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty.  The menu said spicy and boy, do they mean it!  I ended up having to scrape a lot of the sauce off the pieces of lamb and potato in order to be able to eat it.  The flavor was great but I couldn't take the heat.  My boyfriend ended up finishing it for me.My boyfriend wanted the Bangers and Mash Pasty but they were out.  So he had the Rosemary Steak Pasty instead.  It was very good as well.  With the steak, red potatoes, roasted red peppers and brie, it was a hit.  I didn't care for the mustard cream sauce it came with (yes, I stole a couple of bites).  We debated dessert and decided to go for it.  Another wait ensued but it was worth it.  I had the peanut butter and jelly pasty.  Heaven!  With peanut butter, raspberry jelly and banana baked inside, then raspberry sauce drizzled over the top.  Served with whipped cream (the real stuff--not too sweet).  Excellent!The bf had a sticky toffee pudding that is named after Shirley Temple.  He loved it.  I had a single small bite, knowing that sticky toffee pudding isn't something I enjoy.  This dessert didn't change my mind.  So I can't recommend it but based on my bf's reaction, it must have been good if you are into that sort of thing.I'll pick another night and try the place again, for certain.  Learned my lesson that a busy Saturday night is not the best.
4	After years of meaning to do it, we finally checked out the Cornish Pasty Company. I had the Oggie with a side of mashed potatoes and a Boddingtons. The wife had the Lamb Vindaloo and we shared a cider. We also had a side of chips and our niece had a salad. The food was very good over all, and I would say the Vindaloo was outstanding (I took a few bites off my wife's plate). Please don't order it if you can't stand spiciness though. Too many restaurants nowadays are wimping out on spice because people order something they can't handle and send it back to the kitchen or complain (try finding truly hot buffalo wings these days, for instance). But for spice lovers, it was A-1. These things take awhile to bake, so don't go if you're in a big hurry. They had one lady waiting the tables, and as time went by the place got busier and busier. But she kept up with it somehow, and just when I thought she would surely forget something, it would arrive. It was very impressive, actually. The food did arrive a little out of order, again, thanks to the baking time. But it was not a big problem. Someone else has mentioned the good music they play on the jukebox and the nice seating they have outside. Add to that a decent beer selection and you have a darn good experience. We'll be back for sure.
4	Like everyone else it seems, the Cornish Pasty Company came as a suggestion from a friend, I have been meaning to try it out for a while.First of all the decor was awesome. The church pews, industrial purse hooks, tile, candle wax candles and large photos of English industrial workers really set the mood. The servers were relaxed, helpful and friendly. The music wasn't what you normally hear in a restaurant, but I LIKED that about it. The drink selection is very good I think, lots of neat import beers and they'll do a taster sample if you want one. I love ciders, so I ordered the Strongbow, it was a bit on the warm side, but nothing to be too upset about.I'm not a foodie by any means, I'm rather bland when it comes to trying new things, so I stuck with a "safe" menu item, Chicken Pot Pie. It was pretty good, although I was hoping for more of a cream based sauce, but that's a personal preference thing I think. We also ordered the Carmel Apple dessert pastry. That was yummy! But it was odd that they served it with chocolate chip icecream instead of vanilla as mentioned on the menu, perhaps they were out? Anyhow, I would recommend the Cornish Pasty Company to anyone looking for something new, a little different and perhaps an tasty adventure of sorts.
4	Great food. Something almost anyone would like. Way cooler decor than I expected and good drinks. A must-do for everyone.
4	A bit of a "nip" in the air this morning...and when I think "nip", I think "pasties" and when I think "pasties", well, I just naturally think "pasty's" :-)So there you have it...that's how my mind works...I've said it before and I will say it again...linear thinking is the best thinking:)I get so lonely working away in my plush private office with nothing to keep me company but a steady stream of information and diversions from across the universe...and my chowchow, DeeDee...sometimes I need to get out of my gilded cage:)Today was one of those days, and fortunately for me, my cardiologist buddy, Jim, was in a position to prescribe a bangers and mash pasty at CPC, for my continued good heart health :-)Stat - (Latin for "with a side of broccoli and cauliflower"...he says they are chock full of "beta blocker's"...I didn't even know I needed my beta blocked!)We met for lunch with his longtime friend (and my new friend) Gary (who is, among other things, a novelist...I want to see how he works me and CPC into a book:)I was pretty hungry after spin class this morning and the waitstaff at CPC wasted no time in getting the retox going for me...I think service has improved since I was here last and food remains authentic and excellent!Neither Jim or Gary had ever been to CPC before, but they both handled their pasty's like pro's and the three of us all joined the CPC - "CPC" ("Clean Plate Club"...I think there's an award ceremony at the end of the year:)Jim had an Oggie and Gary tried a Greek Something Pasty and both were fortified against the rigors of the remainder of Friday afternoon (Jim had some sort of "human heart thingy" he had to do, and I had to come back to my office and type on my computer...who has the more stressful job...really? :-).Finally, the people at CPC all continue to be so darn happy and pleasant...I so often see people working at restaurants that look like they hate being there (and probably do) that it's worth noting when everybody from the cooks to the servers all have smiles on their  faces and in their voices.It's probably from eating all those pasty's...they're approved by all of my cardiologist buddies, so you know they must be good for you:)
4	yes I am a fan- and this is yummy. Creative assortment of dough pockets filled with yummy.Recommend for groups or even a cheap date.
4	Last time I ate here I left a rather scathing review, so I figured it was time for a second visit.Unfortunately I must have gone to the wrong restaurant because the food here was great!Pastry was spot on this time. Firm, but not crumbly!I could cut it without the entire structure failing. I was even able to pick  up the pasty and eat it traditional - a la hand.I had the Cottage Pie (same as last time) and the taste difference was immediately noticeable. The ground beef was moist but not fatty and there was cheese! I don't remember cheese last time.For personal taste: I still think it needs more veggie, less potato, and a splash of Worcestershire.I also had the Oven Chips w/ Garlic - Awesome!If you've ever eaten the garlic fries at other places like Gordon Biersch, these blow them away! Real crushed garlic on real thick cut potatoes, slightly caramelized from baking. Not some rub-on paste placed on deep fried frozen battered spud strips.Now the complaints:1) The Noise - still too much loud bass. The walls, floor, and ceiling are all hard surfaces. The conversations and music bounce off these surfaces and create a cacophony neutralizing most conversation.2) The Parking - there is no handicapped parking available anywhere near the restaurant. What parking there is, is cramped and narrow. Parking a pick-up was a challenge. Even the people in the Toyota Camry had issues maneuvering.
5	Very good for a great price AND a variety of vegetarian selections! I was excited, my BF took me here for my b-day and we were not disappointed. I could only eat half of my pasty and so we skipped desert. Beers were reasonably priced too. We will be back but I am afraid my kids would be scared "everything is touching" eeekkk!
1	Remember where you came from, what I mean is I've been going here since they were still painting the walls and hanging pictures.  There is a crew of us that live in the hood and frequented there.  Lately the service has severely lacked, it's like they're doing us a favor by serving us.  A pasty is a pasty, but bad service will shut you down.  Kick your servers in the ass and get back in gear...
4	When the kids come to visit they always have a list of restaurants they want to check out. We struck out for a late dinner and this location is close to my house. We walked in and liked the feel of the restaurant. Church pews for seats and doors for tables gave it a quirky fun feel to it. After a quick look at the menu we order the Oggie, the peppered steak and the lamb vindaloo. I also was forced to order a pint Guinness. The wait time for the meal was average and the pastys came out nice and hot. We liked the taste of the Oggie, full of flavor and balance. The peppered steak had the best texure, the steak was very tender and pastry just right. The lamb vindaloo was average. It was a little spicy but, the flavor was incomplete. I will have to back and try the lamb and mint next time . All in all a good light dinner and a return visit will be in order.
5	I had been contemplating visiting this place to try their pasties when the mood finally struck. It was in the midst of winter rainstorms that were apparently the worst Arizona has seen in the last two decades. That didn't stop this place from being quite busy and packed with patrons.My own reasoning for braving the weather probably has to do with childhood memories of pasties. I was introduced to these delights while living in Holland. I attended an international school (NATO brat) and the cafeteria food service was managed by the British, so pasties were always available. It also rains quite often in Holland, so my craving for a good pasty may be inextricably linked to rainy weather.The Cornish Pasty Company did not disappoint. I had the lamb vindaloo pasty and a Pinstripe Red Ale from Colorado. The beer selection here is impressive and seems to be quite a draw, since I got the impression that the crowd here was suitably beer-literate. The vindaloo was quite spicy but delicious and the beer complemented it perfectly. The quality of the pasty was perfect... piping hot filling, flaky crust.All in all, I was happy to discover a great place nearby to eat and drink. Maybe next time I won't even wait for it to rain.
5	The boyfriend and I have been patrons of the Tempe location for years so last weekend when we happened to be in the Mesa area, we decided to give Cornish Pasty location #2 a shot. First impression walking in the door was how much bigger this location is! There were lots of tables, several for big groups. The place is much lighter too, lots of windows. All the tables were sat so we grabbed seats at the bar. The menu is bigger than the Tempe location. They have sides! And a couple more desert options as well. I didn't notice additional pasty options but we went for our usual anyway. We split a Royale with Cheese so we could save room for dessert. As always the pasty was cooked to perfection and stuffed with meaty, cheesey goodness. We were so temped to get a side. We saw what looked like the cheesy broccoli and cauliflower and it looked really good.We ordered dessert - the chocolate bread and butter pudding. Wow was is rich and good. It's a big serving, enough for two, and it's served with a scoop of ice cream and a side of some kind of cream. It's very chocolaty and had a hint of brandy in it. The cream didn't do much for me but the ice cream cut the richness and was a nice compliment to it.The staff here was super friendly and made our lunch very pleasant. I highly recommend either location but if you have a big group or want to take your family, the Mesa location is the way to go.
5	I went here about 2 months ago and it was FANTASTIC. If you, like me (before I went here) was like what the hell is a pasty? Go in and find out. It's like an English (or British I don't remember) old traditional food that wives of coal miners used to make since it was easy to eat out on the job (the history is on the menu). It's similar to a calzone, except the dough is more of a fluffy, flakey pastry consistancy. I had their italian one and I was wow-ed. It had italian deli meats in it with cheese and their marinara is to DIE for. I asked the cook after tasting it if it was homemade and he said that it was. They have all kinds of fillings, surely at least one that you would enjoy. It is a very small place, only like 10 tables plus the bar. I like sitting at the bar, you can watch them make everything right in front of you.
2	hmmmm. idk. is it a gourmet hot pocket? i had the bangers and mash. i probably would have liked it a lot more had it not been hot pocket style. the gravy was great. there wasn't a lot of sausage and i love the grilled onionswe also split the pb&j and that was alright. i liked the rasberry jam. but idk, the whole wrapping everything in a dough sorta turned me off. not sure if i will go back.
5	Wow! For those of you that might think the name is misspelled and missing an (R)....your wrong, as I was. Pasty is an English dish of whatever filling wrapped in a flaky, buttery crust. Yummy!This was another location listed in Phoenix top sandwiches, so I stopped by again for something to go....this is not something to eat in my car!  Add the cleaning bill to the total tab and it got a little pricey.  Seriously though this place rates so high on my go to list that I visited twice in one week.  1st I had the Salmon Pasty... that was amazing, with little potatoes, spinach and a great sauce.  Second visit I had the Greek Pasty, fresh salad and a bowl of an amazing mushroom soup!  My friends tried the lamb and I can tell you it was also a HIT!The Mesa location is on considerably bigger than the Tempe location and I love the old church pews lined up as picnic tables for a large group.  I also got to observe a party enjoying a very large Pint with their meal and was quite jealous.  This should be on your go to list as well.  Happy eating!
5	Recently went to the Tempe location and they now serve sides as well. Yippee!
5	I'm ashamed that I haven't left a review for this place yet. I've eaten here for a good while and I've never been disappointed with the food. Well, there was this one time, but it was because it was sold out. I'm okay with that, it tells me it was really popular that night. Anyway...The prices are good, the teas are good, and it's just fun to sit in the pews while watching the candles melt. Every friend I've brought here has had a good time with an equally good meal. I'm a sucker for the royale with cheese and a side of thousand island.You know what, look at the average review score. I really think that's the most telling part of this place. Really. Go. Eat. Enjoy.
4	Okay, I should start by admitting I was a bit skeptical. I mean, I know everyone raves about the things, but they just sound a bit odd. But Jim went and couldn't stop thinking about it. I guess we've been married long enough that if he tells me I'll like something, I believe him.So we took our youngest and headed over there with the intention of getting two pasties and an order of chips. Abby chose the Royale (cheeseburger). I was flummoxed. I couldn't decide between the Mexican, Rosemary Chicken or Salmon. The server helped me out and I ordered salmon. Everything was amazing. The best thing about it was that this doesn't seem to be one of those places where you order the same thing every time. I can't wait to try a wide variety of pasties.We sat along the bar by the kitchen and chatted with the chefs, demanding to know what each pasty was as they cut it open and we could see inside. They were charming, full of information and never acted put-upon. The service was also terrific. I'd go back in a heartbeat.The one caution I'd offer is that everything is served "as is" - you can't make any changes if you, say, don't like mushrooms or what-have-you.Enjoy!
4	A big ole' double handful of bangers and mash with red wine gravy!  That's what was in my pasty!  First time here and I can't wait to go back!  Man was that good!I am looking forward to working my way through the menu at this place.  I met fellow Yelper Donald S here for lunch and we sat at the bar where we could watch the kitchen.  As I watched the busy bees busily going about making pasties and other delicious looking things I noticed the ingredients sitting around on shelves...nothing prefab.  No bags from Sysco or some other purveyor of pre-made restaurant ingredients.  Nope, just fresh veggies, fresh meats, lots of big cans and bottles of spices and seasonings.  I am getting hungry right now thinking about the food.  Yum.Update (I've been there again since I started my review):Now that I have gone a second time and tried a salmon pasty, the royale pasty (sort of like a bacon cheeseburger) and shared a dessert I can unequivocally state that Cornish Pasty is one of my top ten favorite restaurants in Phoenix.Service has been great and my last visit I sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen and chatted with the folks as they were cooking.  Nice people here!
5	Dean and Heidi are fantastic restauranteurs. Dean has well honed palate for flavor combinations and is never satisfied with the status-quo. He has elevated the humble pasty (comfort food for coal miners) into collection of international meals enclosed in pastry. I have eaten 90% of the pasty menu and every single pasty was well crafted and bursting with flavor. My favorites are: Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka, Lovely Bit 'O Salmon, and Bangers+Mash. Always ask for double sauce!There is a fine line-up of beer on tap, including hard to find ones like Dogfishhead 90 Min IPA. I usually do Guinness or a Black+Tan, all poured properly.It's fun to watch staff make the pasties. They are a tattooed, funky bunch -- you will never find a more gracious group or more dedicated to getting the product right, though.I enjoy the Mesa location with family, but prefer the grittier "coal mine-like" atmosphere of the original Tempe location if I'm alone or with the guys.
5	Seriously people, I love this place! And one of the things that I love about it is that every time I go there the place has changed (okay, maybe not every time but at least the last 4 times. This most recent time the bar doubled in size, moved to a different area and they closed up the counter where it used to be. But enough about these paltry things. Here's the important stuff....1. The girls who work there are beautiful, tattooed, and very nice2. The beer selection is very good, although i wish they had Newcastle on tap3. The food is damn tasty (and now they have breakfast pasties (!), which they sadly don't actually serve before 11)4. The music is some of the best I've heard anywhere in the valleyI've been there probably a couple dozen times and never had anything bad, or even not-awesome. Sadly I don't go there as much anymore since i moved into Phx but the new booths look inviting so I will definitely be back. My lunch buddy/BFF said it's going to be her first meal when she comes back from Asia, carbombs and Mexicans. Sounds like a damn fine plan to me
5	Absolutely amazing!  Went on a Saturday afternoon and got lucky because it wasn't busy so we got a great table in the sunshine (a welcome escape from the Chicago winter).  The food was great and I had to stop myself from eating off my boyfriend's plate.  I got the Pilgrim since I love thanksgiving dinner and it was so delicious.  My boyfriend got the Tiki Masala (sp?) which I liked even though Indian food isn't normally my thing.  Definitely going back there every time I'm in town now.
5	ROTD: Part Deux.O-M-G, That's right, OMG.(For us who aren't 13, it means: OH MY GOD)So the fiance and I are in town visiting her parents when lunch strikes and she asks "What do you want?"Instantly my stance hunches over and my palms start rubbing together like Mr. Burns, "You're Hungry? Eggggseeeelllleennntt" I say. One swipe, one touch, and a few taps later we're following the old iPhone to Cornish Pasty's Mesa location, with me, at this point, bouncing up and down in the car like a child whose forgotten to take their riddlin for the day. "What's a Pasty?" She says..."Oh-ho-ho" I respond with a Santa Like cheer "Just wait"As we arrive the strip mall decor looks familiar, except instead of thinking this is an old timers pub, one may mistake it for a dry cleaners. Inside sits an area that has to be at least twice as big as the Tempe location, complete with pews to sip on your suds and nosh away at your nostalgic nourishment. Also Like the Tempe location, if you sit at the bar you'll see chefs hand making new pasties and the pride they put into each one. So 17 dollars, 2 Pasties, 2 drinks and a happy fiancee later I can confidently say "SCREW YOU RECESSION!!" because she was so impressed, she even bought :) Eat your heart out ,er...A Pasty, Alan Greenspan.
4	Good after bar food... Good before bar food.. I am in LOVE with the Lamb Vindaloo pie.Now I don't have much experience with "pastys" in England..( or anywhere else:) but BOTH the locations here serve as good as yer gonna get in the PHX area. Cool atmosphere to experience..Learn about what a pasty is..and drink from the copious beer selection. (beer snob)Gotta love the service too.. attentive attractive ..Prolly one of the places to be for World Cup Football fans out there!
4	This is such a fun relaxed place to eat!! I always sit at the bar because I totally enjoy watching them prepare everything. Maybe my review won't be the best for most people checking this place out...but I have never actually had a pasty but have been here half a dozen times. So for those who are too scared of the pastys or don't see something they like or just want to check out something else on their menu...I must say, try the artichoke, bowtie pasta salad!! Its amazing! The dressing is great, as well as the spinach, pasta and feta! I have tried to replicate this at home..no success. So if you aren't the pasty type, try the salad!!
5	a great British pub. Highly recommend the Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tiki Masala. Both are wonderfully tasty. Great selection of craft beers on tap.
5	I love this place almost more than words can say.  Inexpensive, delicious, and the atmosphere is outstanding.  It is British food done in a unique manner, and it doesn't make me feel like a disgusting cow, the way that Rula Bula does for instance.  The drinks are delicious, the servers are friendly and interesting, they have a free juke box with some pretty good music on it... what else can I say?  I visited the place three times in two weeks after I first heard about it, it is that freaking awesome.
3	OK, decent beer selection, but no local beer on tap?  Whats with that?Place has a nice ambience but can be rather claustrophobic, service is good somtimes, and absolutley terrible on other occasions. Some of the pasties are not as good as they sound and can be quite dry.  Be careful when ordering.  The original classic pasty is always a good bet. Good yet short happy hour & a creative atlternative to the average corner pub. Could be better, could be 5 stars!
5	This place is AMAZING!!!!!  My mouth salivates every time I think of their food.  A great place for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  They have a wonderful variety of beer and wine to choose from.  AWESOME atmosphere!TWO THUMBS UP!!!!
3	Food is great. Service is...meh.
4	I go here all the time because I have a bunch of friends who work in the kitchen. It's all good stuff.. I have tried most of the pastys. I love the Reuben, the Cajun, and the Royal (all horrible for you) I recommend swapping halves with a friend so you can try 2 types. Good beer selection.
5	This place is awesome.  What's even better, I live walking distance from it.  If you've never had a pasty, do yourself a favor and try one.  These things are huge.  Lots of ingredients wrapped into a pastry shell and baked.  My God!  Drink selection is good here.  Bloody Mary bar on Sundays.  Check it out
5	I am from Michigan and I would have never guessed I could get an authentic pasty in the desert. Had the traditional pasty and it was delicious. Didn't think I could get it on the plane back to Las Vegas or I would have taken one to go
5	I can't describe to you how amazing these gourmet adult hot pockets taste! They literally MELT in your mouth- a few of my favorites are the Cajun Chicken, Dill Salmon, and the Stilton & Steak---Bon Appetit everyone! And don't forget about the all day everyday-$3 car bombs(you can't beat that price) their happy hour is amazing, too!
4	LOVE IT! Share a church pew with another family and grab an Irish car bomb. Can't remember all the pasties I've had, but I know I like the one with curry and fake chicken! Also try the garlic fries, but make sure your woman has some too so you don't sacrifice any kisses. If you're into beans, get the white beans in the tomato sauce, extra spicy; it's great, but I'm going to ask for it without cheese next time.If you're not a drinker, the lemonade is tasty too!
5	I did not know what a pasty was until today. I decided to come here and try it out. There's many pasties to choose from: premium pasties (meat), veggie pasties, and dessert pasties. When I picked up the menu I think I stared at the menu for a good ten minutes before I finally settled on the chicken tikka masala (red curry) pastie. It has marinated chicken breast, tikka masala sauce, basmati rice and green peppers. Today, I choose to sit by the kitchen so I could watch the chefs in the kitchen make/bake my pasty. I waited a good ten minutes or more for my food and I understood why. They make everything from scratch. When the pasty finally came it was baked to a perfect golden brown color. When you bite into it the shell just crumbles which made it more enjoying to eat!Go get your pasty NOW!
5	Every time I go, I get a different type of pasty.  I have yet to be disappointed.  The food is freakin' amazing!  I grew up eating pasties in Wisconsin and the Oggie is just like the ones I used to eat as a kid.  Yay!  Every time someone comes to visit, I take them here and even get the pasties to go because I crave them.  The only thing that needs improvement is the need for a hostess when it gets busy.
4	The Mesa location doesn't have quite the quaint charm of the Tempe location but the food is still great and the patio is ample. All the pasties on the menu are very good and the traditional ones do stay very true to the Old Country recipes. The dessert pasties are worth a try if you have room. I also enjoy picking up the ones you can finish baking at home. Drink prices are always good and they normally have specials going. My favourite is the Shepherd's Pie or the Bangers and Mash. Ask for extra red-wine gravy.
5	If you are looking for something unique and a bit edgy, this is the place for you!  Cornish Pasties are yummy baked pockets of goodness, they are so flavorful here!  I recently asked Cornish Pasty Company to cater an office event, and they were a hit!  I had the oggie, which is the traditional pasty.  Check out their website to see their menu options and read a little bit of pasty history: http://www.cornishpastyco.com/index.html, but its much better to go in, grab a pint, a pasty, and have a great time!
5	So without a single notion of what a Pasty actually was, I joined my usual "Find unique and interesting places to eat" group of friends to try this place out.  And boy am I glad I did.We took a seat at the bar that overlooked the kitchen and I started off with a 20oz glass of one of my favorite wheat beers; Hoegaarden.  As we sat there watching one of the employees make a batch of Pasties, my friends and I chatted casually with himself and a few other employees about the place and what was good to eat and such.Being adventurous I decided to try out one of the many veggie menu items and went with the Chicken Basil and Pesto Pasty.  It featured vegetarian chicken and I was curious as to how it would stack up against the real thing.It was served quite prettily shortly after we ordered and I dug in.  Delicious!  The veggie chicken obviously wasn't a dead ringer for the real deal, but I felt it worked quite flawlessly with the rest of the contents of the dish.After that we decided on different desserts and I chose the chocolate rum bread pudding.  It was different than any bread pudding I've ever had for starters because it was chocolate.  Next it had a crunchy outer shell that contained the gooey goodness inside.  I was informed that they were sadly out of the vanilla drizzle that normally accompanies it as well, so that would have also made it unique had they not been out.It's also worth noting that the employees were an absolute blast to interact with as they were playing quirky and fun songs off their iPod and were just being outgoing and fun in general.  It was mentioned though that the manager was not there at the time and that usually had the place had more patrons (there were maybe 2 other couples in the place) in it they would have had to conform to more "professional" standards.  Overall it's a shame I live so far from the place because I could easily see myself becoming a regular.  Prices after pasty, dessert and 2 20oz beers and tip was just around 27 if I remember correctly.
5	I love this place! I was thrilled with the vast amount of vegetarian options. The staff is friendly, the beers are good, the food is delicious and different, and the decor is awesome. If you're looking to go somewhere different and want to try something new, this is the place!
5	Absolutely delicious. I ordered the chicken tikka masala. Fantastic is the only word. The history of cornish pastys is also quite interesting. worth a visit for sure.
5	Simply amazing.Everything on the menu is excellent. The imitation ground beef is even good. While eating my girlfriend's vegetarian shepherd's pie, I didn't even realize it was imitation until it was already gone.Great service, awesome atmosphere and decor. Very reasonably priced. Great happy hour.Also, I just can't seem to get enough of the Strongbow Cider that they have on draft. If you haven't been to Cornish Pasty yet, you need to get off of Yelp and drive there immediately.
4	I had talked up this place to my boyfriend (only having been to the Tempe location), so we stopped by for a drink while on our way home. First of all, compared to the Tempe CPC, this one is HUGE, and has awesome seating and a cool feel to it. We had a seat at the bar and were greeted immediately and had a few drinks. Watching the staff make the pasties and other food goods was really cool, and we'll definitely be by another time to indulge in some food.
5	I love this place! I've been to the other location, but not to this one since it opened.  I finally came for dinner, and am glad that I did.  Serice was great, friendly as always.  I had the Shepards Pie Pasty and it was delicious!  Very filling, and its a nice sized portion, so you walk away full.I will be back, and always enjoy eating here!
5	This is our watering hole in Mesa.  They are good because:  a.) wide beer selection and they serve copious amounts if you so choose; b.) they have pasties AND good salads which is a rare find in Mesa; c.) they place just as copious amounts of Iron Maiden and have a free jukebox for that matter; and d.) consistent, friendly wait staff.  Any given night you will see an odd combination of young and aged East Valley hipsters; parental types and the working happy hour crowd.  They all get along and there is always a fair amount of seating available.  At night they light candles which gives some unique ambiance that can't really be found in Az.
5	One of the best spots in Mesa!  Cool atmosphere, great music, and super nice wait staff!  Oh, those pasties!  So delicious!  My goal is to try every single one!  Only complaint...they never have the 34 oz. mugs in stock!
5	I have been going to cornish pasty co for a long time now. We always went to the tempe location, but once the mesa location opened, it was were we always go. It is closer to where my wife and I live. I have to say the best pasty to get has to be the carne adovada pasty. I have probably eaten this pasty at least 50 times, and every single time I get it, I enjoy it as much as the first time. A place with great atmosphere, service and food. A must try for any person who enjoys quality food.
4	Finally made it to CPC for dinner last night. One of our friends is moving out of town so we headed over for drinks and dinner and took over one of the large tables inside. It took awhile for our whole party to arrive, but our server was nice and was attentive to drinks and the like. Once everyone arrived, we ordered our food. Our server was a little....ditzy? She asked for mine and my friend's order twice...and after we were like "um you already got ours?", she bought out an extra plate when we got our food. Whatevs. I got the cajun chicken again. Man it's so good. We got a round of $3 Irish carbombs. Shared an apple caramel pasty for dessert. It was a good night.
5	Superb.  I have not met a pasty I didn't like here.  Oggie, veggie oggie, lamb vindaloo, carne adovada, etc., and the list goes on, and will continue to grow as I eat my way through the menu.  This is a great place for vegetarians as well since they use Quorn and faux ground beef.  My veggie oggie was almost indistinguishable in taste from a regular oggie.  Dessert is also excellent.  I've had the apple caramel pasty and it was the perfect way to end our meal.This is a must-eat-at restaurant.  Plus, with enough happy hour car bombs ($2 after 10 PM, and from 3-5 PM), you can giggle inwardly (or outwardly) at the thought of eating something called "pasty" (yes, even though it really is pronounced Pass-teee).
5	I literally cannot find fault with this place. As you walk in, they've got these super long booths that invite and encourage big groups, tall ornamental candles with long trails of wax that occasional reach down to the table, and just the right dimness to evoke an intimate atmosphere without necessitating a flashlight to read the menu. The pasties are all incredible. My one regret about this place is that I wish I could try every single one, but there are something like 30 to choose from, and it alway stakes me an inordinate amount of time to choose. They have thoroughly mastered the art of incorporating just about any cuisine into that delectable pasty crust. You like straight up Irish style? They got it. You want steak? They have that. Are you a fan of Indian food?! Yes, they have one of those. How about a cheeseburger pasty? YES. Each variation is so tempting, I've actually found myself considering their vegetarian options, and I'm about as vehemently anti-vegetarian as they come. So, yeah, the food's good.Beer-wise, I love this place. Love. It. First, you get to pick what size beer you want (16, 20, or 32 oz, or pint, imperial pint, and stein). Then, pick from their draft selection. Yes, it's not a very wide selection, but look what you're getting: Boddington's, Guinness, Rogue Hazelnut Brown, DOGFISH HEAD 90 MINUTE(!!!). You simply cannot leave here unsatisfied. And if that wasn't enough, during happy hour Irish Car Bombs are only $3. I believe a better deal simply doesn't exist in Tempe. Do yourself a favor and eat here as soon as possible.
5	Cornish Pasty Company, "It's a place that makes Hot Pockets" says James. Hummmmm....that is just gross I say.  I realize the Nestle Company has sold billions of these nasty things since the 70's, but I don't want to go to a restaurant and eat Hot Pockets.  After reading the incredible reviews about this place I could not resist. Not much to the outside of the place and seriously I would not have given the place a chance if I was driving by.  Inside is comfortable and inviting.  We were asked to seat ourselves and the server was over to take our drink orders almost immediately.  They have a good selection of mostly beers but the real focus here is the food.  35 or so combinations of pastry filled pies which makes deciding a bit difficult.  If you go you may want to check out the menu online beforehand or be prepared to browse the menu for awhile.  Our choice was the steak & cheese and one filled with sausage.  Both were incredible.  On the side, we had a choice of red wine gravy or mustard cream.  I asked our server which one she recommended and she said she would bring both.  Wow...funny I had not thought of that, but glad she did as both sauces were delicious. With a valley full of so-so restaurants it is always refreshing to find a truly good place to eat.
5	I dont know if its the quality of the food, the atmosphere or the great selection of beer here, but Dean and the rest of the people over at the Cornish Pasty Co. know what the hell they're doing! This place is awesome and if you've never been...get off your ass and check it out!Growing up in Michigan, the pasty is somewhat of a local food (by way of English immigrants). If you're from northern Michigan, the pasty is nothing new to you. However, the pasties we grew up with are not the pasties they serve here. Dean has taken the idea of the traditional pasty and put a totally high end, almost gourmet twist into the mix. Look for southwestern and Greek flavors as well as traditional English and Italian pasties. The Oggie or O.G. is awesome. Simple, traditional and good. The staff is friendly, helpful and colorful! Check out the juke box witch contains mostly, if not all British bands. Just another nice touch.Ahhh a Pasty and a Pint! Life is good.
5	I don't exactly know how to describe a pasty if you've never had one before.  I had never even heard of them until recently, when I read a review of this place.  Always the adventurous type when it comes to food, I figured I'd give it a shot.  How bad could it be?It's fantastic.  At it's simplest, a pasty is a beautifully filled pastry with meat, potatoes, veggies and some sort of sauce.  Like a chicken pot pie without the tin.  But better.  Oh so much better.  And if chicken isn't your thing, fear not - they have pasties of pretty much anything you could imagine!  We went this past Saturday to try it out.  I like the decor, cool black wall, love the church pews to sit at the communal tables - also a long bar or some small tables to sit at if communal seating isn't your bag, baby.  The menu is quite extensive, a few pages worth of different pasties - a full page dedicated to vegetarian options (certainly not for me, but good to know!).  They have a nice drink menu as well, I suppose depending on what you're looking for.  They nod their head to the winos with a pretty limited selection (think there were 4 different types, nothing too spectacular).  The beer list is extensive, and perfect for the setting and menu.  Lots of american and english brews, quite the variety actually.  And with the draft beers you get a choice of 14oz, 20oz or 32oz.  All of them decently priced.  (For the record, I had a Boddingtons and it was delicious).$3 Irish car bombs, all the time.  (plus a couple other shot/drink specials) but that one jumped out at me.  To the food.  I had the Oggie, which is described as the traditional pasty.  Steak, potatoes, onions and rutabaga with a red wine gravy.  It was brought to me with ketchup or more red wine gravy for additional moist-maker if you so choose.  It was great.  Steak was tasty, not too tough (i'm sure it's not filet mignon, but it was certainly good quality for a filler).  I'm still not sure what a rutabaga is, but I know I like it, at least in this dish!  Couldn't decide what I liked better the ketchup or gravy, so I went back and forth with each subsequent bite.  The wife had the spicy Asiago Chicken.  Perfectly cooked chunks of chicken breast with a slab of asiago cheese (melted and oh-so-gooey delicious), hatch chiles, black beans.  She was quite happy with this one.  We also ordered a side of the garlic "chips" which are pretty much oven baked french fries - just like an order of fish and chips.  We ended on the Chocolate bread and butter pudding served with creme anglaise and vanilla ice cream.  So decadent and quite tasty.  Perfect ending.I can't wait to go back and try new varieties of the pasty.  The options seemed limitless.  Not to mention go back and drink all their beers and partake of the $3 car bombs.  Service was good, although the pasties take a few minutes to cook.  So don't expect it to be "fast food."  Good food takes a bit of time to cook properly!  They told us about this when we ordered, so the delay was expected and welcomed (gave me more time to enjoy the Boddingtons!).
5	If you want a filling and creative meal- this is it! How can you get better than a pie crust wrapped around anything from salmon and asparagus , greek feta chicken -to a thanksgiving meal - and wash it down with a cold beer- this place is a must taste- and you're hooked!  The only draw back was squeezing my very pregnant friend into a church pew booth- when pull out seats were limited- but - we left happily full with leftovers for later. GO!!
3	I'm feeling bad about giving this place just an "A-OK" because of the many positive reviews.I can't personally say I'm a huge fan of this place, so I can't give it four stars, but I will say that I will be visiting this place again.The beer selection is really great and the mugs are worth a smile.The atmosphere is "young and hip" and reminds me of a Scottish Pub I visited in the past.  The staff is truly nice and trying to be helpful.  Though we went at a weird time because our server changed in the middle.The food though wasn't what I hyped it up to be, perhaps I set the bar too high.  The soup though was totally weird.  My sister and I ordered two soup; one was way too salty and the other was truly bland.  The Pasty itself wasn't bad.  I've never had a pasty and it tasted very well, Pasty.  The taste won't blow you away or cause you to over-eat, but it is fun to eat, and the non traditional pasties are worth trying.  The other thing we ordered was a lemonade.  That was pretty good.Over all, the atmosphere was pretty good, but judging on food, it was a little better than okay and kind of interesting.  Oh, almost forgot, the food is truly very very filling.We had:Cottage Pie PastyLemonadeChicken Tikka Masala PastyLeek SoupI went with my mother recently and she totally digs the food, and I found it more memorable than the first time, but the food still didn't blow me away, still, I'll be visiting again.
5	The stars say it all. Over a hundred reviews and it has 4.5 stars. You can't go wrong! I prefer this location over tempe, it seems to be less packed at busy times. I love sitting with strangers in the pews! Honestly, I wish i worked here, it has a great vibe! I see this company expanding across the valley!Food: You can't go wrong! Almost everything comes with its unique sauce to dip in. The desert menu, i feel needs some work. The one with the bananas, yes its good, but anyone could make it at home.BEST THING ON THE MENU!!! Sounds weird...but the baked broccoli and cauliflower appetizer. Its hot, cheesy...and healthy all at the same time!
4	Great little place, great food too. Between the tattoo and piercing-ridden staff and the interesting decor, this place reminds me of 'back home'. It really looks like a spot I would have enjoyed going to in the Park Ave. area of Rochester, NY. The place has some communal seating (complete with vintage church pews as benches) and also an outdoor area for people who can't get enough of the heat (or like to smoke, I suppose).The menu is vast - I was amazed at all the different pasty options I had. I do wish they had the traditional without rutabega, but I settled on one with beef, cheddar and potatoes instead. It was moist and flavorful and the crust was perfect. I know what a "real" pasty is and although these are slightly different than what I'm used to, they are definitely worth it.One thing to note - thought not surprising - their beer selection is not run of the mill. I asked for a Bud Light and the server looked at me like I was from outer space. After she helpfully pointed out the options on their beer menu (with offerings from mostly European breweries) I had the opportunity to try something new, and I was happy for it.
4	Not sure why i am giving them a review.  looks like they have plenty of support.  i have had the cajun, and steak and cheese pasty.  both were excellent.  little crowded sometimes.  patience is need here.  it take time to make each pasty, they aren't premade and frozen, so expect to be there a minimum for an hour for luch.  the servers are very nice and polite.  nice to eat something different for a change.  but i will be going back more i am sure.
5	Cornish Pasty Company is my first stop on my quest to try the Hot on Yelp top 5...I've had homemade pasties years ago so i was very excited to try this place.  I'm surprised its taken me this long to try this place because the hype is insane!  As i've said before about places that are super hyped....believe the hype on this one! this is one of those places where the menu makes it tough to decide on one thing.  Based on previous reviews and a trusted opinion from a fellow yelper (Robert J.) that joined me for dinner, i decided to try the Royale with Cheese.  Bomb-delicious!.  Robert J. decided to try something new and he had the Rosemary Steak.  Since the pasties are cut in half by default, the decision go half-sies was easy.  Rosemary Steak was also Bomb-delicious.  I wish i could give a deeper description of each but it would really be tough.  You just have to try it yourself.  As a side we split the oven chips which are pretty much steak fries seasoned with salt and pepper (nothing to be crazy about but decent).This place also seems like a cool place to chill and have an adult beverage.  They carry a nice variety of draft beers from across the world and i must say, a beer with the pasty is a solid combo.Until next time...
5	Don't just drive by, go in!!! I've never been so full! Great drink specials, especially Sunday! Love the ambiance, low lights and candles, but don't forget to order some shots like my fav the Rotten Apple. Still working our way through the menu, don't have a fav yet all have been delicious!
5	I am in love with Cornish Pasty Co. The servers are friendly and the food is yummy.  Yup, that's right.  Yummy.  Everything has that made-from-scratch feel (cause it is).  I like the Greek salad (amazing pesto vinaigrette) and chicken pesto pasty best.  For you non pesto-junkies there's a full menu of delicious pasties to select from.  FYI: Save room for dessert! Just saying.
3	The main reason to miss a star is that the one that we ordered (the mint-lamb) was a bit dry to my taste and no mint to taste at all. For desert we had the apple one and that was much better. I'd like to try a different one some other time and compare :).Good environment, and for groups, friendly staff who would explain you what they are cooking!!
5	Great range of pasty choices on the menu. Cool, friendly staff. Make sure you don't sit in the back as service there is a bit slower. Guinness on tap (amongst others). I have to come back a few more times to try a few other pasties. The oggie is tasty. Id like to try the royale with cheese.Pasties are "Cornish", not "Finnish". Subtley different than what I'm used to but delicious nonetheless.
5	My friend just bought a house dangerously close to this place. I've been 3 times in the last 2 weeks, and I live 25 miles away. I love this friend, but her proximity to magical pasties may be contributing to my frequent visits. I've sat at the bar, at a church pew table inside, and at a booth outside under the misters (during the short-lived reprieve from this heat). The bar is cool, you can watch the kitchen staff weigh out the pasty ingredients and craft those life-changing vessels of goodness. And get second, third, and fourth carbombs rather quickly. Which, by the by, are $3. All. The. Time. I've sampled many a pasty, as I've usually been with a group. Have to say the Carne Adovada has by far been my favorite, with the Royale with Cheese coming in at a close second. Mmmmm Thousand Island dressing, hello! The decor is pretty awesome, understated. Definitely, definitely, definitely do the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. It will not disappoint.
5	Awesome atmosphere, food, and only 3 dollars for irish car bombs! A different style of food totally worth every penny. I visit every chance I get.
3	When trying to decide where to meet some friends for dinner, Cornish Pasty was suggested and I excitedly agreed. I had read great reviews, so was happy to finally visit for myself.The food was great- worth a four or even a five star review. There were a few things that really hurt the quality of the experience for me.The seating at CPC is four sets of church pew seats around tables fashioned from large doors. What was frustrating is that each set of seats were occupied with really small groups of 2-4 people. The waitstaff could have easily asked people to move to one end of the pews or the other, and the length could easily hold two separate sets of diners without encroaching on either party's personal space. Instead, we stood and waited for 15 minutes.Second, the temperature of the place was hot and muggy. Running some fans or turning up the AC a teeny bit would have made things more comfortable.The music was really loud, and we had to shout over it to talk across the table. It seemed a little like they were trying to be more of a bar/hipster hangout than a restaurant. The service left a bit to be desired, but I don't fault our sweet waitress. She was nice and as attentive as she could be, but admitted she was frazzled as there were only two on shift for the entire restaurant. Since I've only been once I don't know if that's the norm, but I hope not.One important note- if you are a picky eater, take a look at their menu online and call ahead a few hours early for special orders. You can't make any substitutions as everything is made in advance and half-cooked, then finished cooking when ordered. A bit of a bummer though, because you have to order 2 for special orders.Something that stood out in a great way was their entire page of vegetarian pasty selections. So awesome! I hadn't had a good shepherd's pie since ditching meat many years ago, so it was great to have a well made veggie version. If and when I return, I'll definitely try some of the other meatless pockets of deliciousness.Also, the mushy peas were out of this world. Although, this is coming from someone who eats peas right out of the can.
4	And now for my 300th review...........What is a pasty?  It's a lovely piece of pastry filled with yummy stuff.  You can fill a pasty with almost everything.  Shepard's Pie, Cottage Pie, Chicken Tikka Masala, meat and cheese or something akin to a Chicken Pot Pie.  It's all delicious!  Sounds like a Hot Pocket you say?  Oh no, no, no, this is much more and infinetly better than an item you find in the frozen food section of your local grocer.  A pasty is fresh, not frozen, and the filling choices are infinetly better than the stardard ham and cheese or pepperoni pizza hot pocket.  This location is bigger than the Tempe location.  There are several longer tables in the front, several tables on a patio outside, as well as tables along the corridor and, if you choose, there is the bar where you can watch them prepare your food.  The servers are friendly and knowledgable.  It is a causual atmosphere.  I have been here many times and always had great service.  The have many beers on tap but sadly, nothing local.  I would bump it up one more star if they added a couple of local brews.  And they know how to pour a pint of Guiness!  It's a great spot to hang out and have a pint or two and when you get hungry take a look at the 3 page menu.  You will have a hard time choosing so you'll have to come back again and again.....If you like the English Pub feel, this is the place for you.  This would be my "local" if I lived closer but it is close enough to lure me here frequently. And if you've had a long day and would like some take out, you can do that too.  They will do a half bake on a pasty for you then you take it home and bake it for about 20 minutes and viola! dinner!   And even though I was just there yesterday, I am craving another!  Maybe it's because I'm part Welch and Irish.  Thank you Cornish Pasty Company!!
2	CPC, you would have gotten FIVE stars if your service didn't suck butt.this review has been a long time coming, as i am fairly lazy.i dislike waiting. a great deal. i do however understand that sometimes it's necessary. i expected some wait time at this place, due to the nature of the beast. i did not expect rude and ridiculously slow service, as in we sat for 20 minutes for a refill and they were not busy. this was after we'd sat there for 15 minutes waiting for girl to take our order, not busy at that time either. after we ate, she was ever so prompt in bringing the check, but we waited another 15 minutes for her to pick it up! we were there for 1.5 hours, which is just too long for me. and no fault to the decor (which is very interesting, church pews and glassed-in doors for tables) but you're uncomfortable with no padding.i'll eat here again, but only if someone goes and picks it up for me. i'd rather not go in again after that kind of service.my pasty was delicious, the fries were...not my favorite kind, but that's ok.
5	Cornish Pasty is a great example of my theory that food inside of food is always delicious!I've never had a bad experience with anything on their menu, although I favor the Pesto Chicken and the Chicken Tikka Massala the most.If you decide to visit after 5 on a weekend, be prepared to wait.  Any earlier than 5pm will usually result in quicker service, but in my opinion, the lack of a crowd sort of takes away from the unique atmosphere.Their happy hour is great also; they have a fair selection of drafts, including one of my favorite Colorado breweries, Ska.  And nothing goes better with a piping hot pasty than an ice cold brew!
3	Finally knocked this one off the list.  I now understand why the average life span of a 15th Century Cornish miner was like 30 years... these Pasties pack a wallop.  Not the best meal but very hearty.
5	I've gone to Cornish Pasty Co. once a week since the first time I tried it last month.  Believe the hype!! Delicious food, ultra cool comfortable ambience, delicious brew and super nice staff, even if perhaps a little slow sometimes.Seat yourself and enjoy, I tried the Cottage Pie first, which was good, my hubby ordered the Chicken Pesto, it was great.  Next time around I got the Oggie and there is definitely a reason this is first on their menu, soooooo delicious, like a delicious beef stew in a crust, newbies start here! The Cheesesteak is also soooo delicious, my husband hasn't ventured outside of that one since he first tried it cause he doesn't believe anything will ever taste as delicious. Their fries/chips are okay, and I've only tried their soup with black beans which was tasty and spicy.  definitely save room for dessert because the apple caramel pasty haunts my daydreams, its that good.Unfortunately my pre-holiday guilt is kicking in so I'm gonna have to cut back to only going every other week so as not to tip the scales soon but I will definitely make my way through their entire menu eventually and report back =)
5	There are so few places worth the hype.. Cornish Pasty.. THE EXCEPTION.  The Pilgram is the Third Thursday of November in one bite.. Truly unique, and one of the most take you to a place, and time bites.. The decor, music, and the staff, really make this place work, The prices are right in line, and they have a real kick ass beer selection, I have read about spotty service, and I could see that being the case, but man... the food.. Probably the best meal under 10 bucks in the Copa.. Thanks CP!
4	Yummmmm!  I've loved every pasty I've tried and always bring out-of-town guests here.  My favorite is to sit at the bar (especially during lunch time) and watch the delicious magic of pasty making.  Ok, that is a lie; my FAVORITE part is sitting at the bar when they bust open the can of dulce de leche and give me a spoonful :)I love the tables made doors and church pews, the drippy candles in wine bottles, and the rockin' juke box selection.  I desperately need to try the full English breakfast pasty to reminiscence about my summers in London. However, for being such a hipster joint I am very disappointed that there is not a bike rack....
5	darkish lighting, church pews (first time i actually didnt mind sitting in a church pew), tables made of doors with glass over them, and good music. this place does a great job of setting a comfy and relaxing atmosphere right from the get go. be aware that seating is first come first serve so if you want one of the roomy booths outside, you'll have to go during the weekday or get there early on a Friday night and stake your claim. they fill up rather fast.service was great. everyone was extremely friendly and our waitress was totally attentive. she was really patient as we picked through the menu and tried to decide what tastiness to eat. oh and did i mention that rather decent selection of beers and a cider or two? yeah, that. soooo delicious. i did see only one local beer on tap (Kiltlifter) but it didnt disturb me too much since i saw quite a few delicious Belgian and German beers. don't get me wrong, i'm all for local but i can be swayed by supreme tastiness. i had the meat and cheese pasty, our friend had the philly cheese steak, and the boyfriend had the vindaloo. surprisingly the vindaloo did not suck. i dug the peas and the moist chicken. my meat and cheese was awesome. i mean c'mon, its meat and cheese. the sausage had a great sage-y taste to it and the cheese was uber melty. the philly cheese steak tasted EXACTLY like a delicious cheese steak from philly. all in all, this might become my new haunt. i saw that they had great brunch specials and lots of mimosas/beer. how could i NOT come back?
5	I prefer this location over the one in Tempe. It's less crowded and less hipster. I always sit at the bar, it has the most lighting in the place. The food is always on point. The cooks are super friendly, the servers don't pay much attention but I can over look that because the cooks always get me what I need, with out so much as even a blink. The music is always in good taste. And I am always in good company. I'd like to say this is one of my favorite restaurants to visit, when I'm not watching my weight. :)
5	Delicious! Loved the food, very creative and very reasonably priced. FYI, I recommend the chicken/portobello pasty. I wanted to try one of the dessert ones, but I was stuffed after lunch. The guys working behind the counter were very nice (and cute) and the decorating and atmosphere was pleasant and clean. I'd definitely recommend it.
5	A friend told me he was taking me somewhere "interesting." Understatement of the year. The atmosphere was rich, the food was great, the service was friendly and the music was phenomenal. I don't know how they choose their tunes but it was the perfect soundtrack to a unexpectedly pleasant evening. I don't like to use the word "hip," but there's almost no better word to describe the experience. This is a great place to take friends and/or family.Since the pasty's are cut in half, my friend and I decided to order something different and then split. Seeing as it is November and Thanksgiving is just around the corner, we went with 'The Pilgrim' (roasted turkey/chicken, sweet potatoes, grilled onions and stuffing), and to see how they handle mainstream, we also got the 'Royale With Cheese' - yes, that is an amazing name. It's essentially 'their cheeseburger.'I had half of each, two glasses of Kronenbourg 1664, and I must say it was one of the best meals I have had in a restaurant in some time. The service was incredible - friendly, personal, and quick - and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to everyone I know, as tempting as it is to keep such a wonderful location as "our little secret."
5	My brother turned me on to this spot. I was first skeptical about going to a place that sounded like all they served was large hot pockets. But to my surprise this place was anything but ordinary! The whole concept is very creative for a restaurant. I love the history of the pasty too. They also serve my very favorite beer in the world on tap...... HOGARDEN! I stop by on the regular now for a Pilgrim pasty (the best!) and a hogarden! If you haven't been you gotta try it!
5	2010 Best Place for Holiday Food and Ambiance!   I look forward to taking my family here (Mesa location) and having the wonderful food and drink.  Everyone with Scotch-Irish heritage should try this place.  It's food like my little Seanmhair used to make!
2	When I walked into the Cornish Pasty Co., I immediately felt like I was home. I know how strange that probably sounds, but it's true. The restaurant itself is extremely laid back and comfortable, and set up very differently than any other restaurant I've ever been to. Instead of tables, they have pews with long tables in between and candles made from bottles on every table. My friends and I were seated immediately, and the server, Mike, got our drink orders quickly.  Once my friends and I decided what we wanted, we waited maybe 10-20 minutes for our food to arrive. I ordered the Philly Pasty, which had meat, Swiss cheese, peppers, and onions in it. The food, once it was ready, took about five minutes to get to our table. The crust of the pasty was amazing: golden and crunchy, perfect. The stuffing, on the other hand was a different story. The stuffing was lukewarm; I wasn't impressed with the temperature. It was still delicious, but it definitely could have been warmer. The food was served on metal plates and the drinks were served in huge, heavy glasses. I felt like I was back in time, to be honest.  Our server, Mike, checked on us regularly, but he was listening to his iPod and eating on the job... that didn't inspire much confidence for this particular dining experience. He was also doing dishes intermittently, which is acceptable but at the same time it just struck me as odd that he was doing them instead of waiting his tables. All in all, it was a positive dining experience, and I would definitely go back to that Cornish Pasty Co. location. Next time, I would just make sure my food was warm when it reached the table.
3	The food here is alright, however, the service is not very good. I went on a thursday night and it was pretty busy. I sat outside because that was the only area with open seating. Unfortunately I sat right by some people smoking (not the restaurant's fault, but not pleasant either). It took 20 minutes for our order to be taken and another 45 minutes to get our food. When i finally came, it was good and I like their concept, it just took too long. I was told that the pasties are premade so there can't be any substitutions in them, yet it took so long to make them.. curious. Anyway, I would give them a second chance, but as of now, they were not such a good experience.
5	This place is unsurpassed regarding great service, impressive draught beer selection, food, music selection...it's so HIP I almost forgot I was in Mesa, AZ.  It's a place you'll want to add to your list to take folks when you want to have fun and eat well too http://www.doggiestepsdogtraining.com/
5	GREAT food! Excellent restaurant. The food took a little while to come out, but it was definitely worth it! We will definitely be going back sometime soon. I was pleased to see an entire vegetarian menu!
5	So good we went back the next day.  I fell in love with the pasty in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and never thought I would find any as good in Arizona but these pasties are the BEST.The oggie was fantastic and I love that I can go with my vegetarian friend and they have a PAGE of vegetarian options.The oven fries rocked and I love HP sauce (ask for it as well as the gravy)I think we will probably end up there once a month.  Good value too!
3	this place was okay, going to give it another chance to really decide. Atmosphere is pretty cool, you feel comfortable soon as you walk in..seat yourself place. After we placed our orders one of the two pastys we ordered had ran out which kinda sucked. checked out the alcohol menu and seemed to have a large variety, and good deals for happy hour as well. food was okay, had the Alfredo pasty and the spicy asiago chicken. Was not anything that knocked my socks off, but it satisfied the hunger. like i said will probably give it another chance and try something else and def give the desert a chance because they look delicious!
5	I've been coming to this location for over a year with friends and the service has always been friendly (understandably a bit slower on the food delivery when it gets busy). The food is always top notch and we have yet to get anything here that we don't like...aside from mixed drinks, but there's enough on tap to not worry about that.
4	Holy monkey.  Talk about a place that, originally, I had no interest in going to.  However my friend whom is a master at introducing me to things that are awesome yet inconspicuous, told me this place was 'legit'.  Alright she didn't say 'legit'. She said CPC fucking awesome.  You happy now?? You caught me lying.  (I'm just trying to fit in!)  Anyway, this place IS mos' def' FUCKING AWESOME!   You get a freshly baked 'wee pie'  (wee is the word I use for fucking huge) filled with amazingly fresh ingredients, tossed in front of you and served with spectacular 'red wine gravy'  which is a badass entity unto itself.   Dude, It is impossible to not gorge here.  NOM NOM TIME!CPC has a huuuuge selection of interesting love pockets, even a dessert selection! And to my amazement, a WHOLE page dedicated to you retards who are vegan.  Pretty shanzy if I do say so.  And I do. Say. So.  One ITSY BITSY critique:Please please please come take my order BEFORE I sit in front the chefs making the damn delish pasties for 20 minutos.  I love hearing from and watching the people who craft my food, but not when I know I may die of hunger waiting for my waiter to take my fa-reaking order.   Holy fuck,  I get it if you're busy, but on a monday afternoon??  I need food. I'm a 'stocky' (euphemism for tubby) white guy, I needs to eat.  Your pasties, while divine, take like another 20+ minutes to bake!  Hear my roar of hungers good employees of CPC! (roar) Order taking and scarffing MUST COMMENCE  within 30 minutes (or less) of my  hairy bean bag of an ass making contact with said sitting apparatus of my choosing.  Regardless of my impatience, You 'effing ROCK CPC! I'll be back!
5	Dude.  Went back to CPC.  Ordered taken quickly, got me some hibiscus tea (wtf pink drink?  it's awesome).   HOWEVER, there was a mixup with my order.  Break it down:SAME day of the week, SAME server as last time, DIFFERENT location in restaurant (outside table with squishy seats) NEW, BIGGER issue than last time.... but... was it really?     And of course you're asking, why a FIVER now?  Lemmie 'splain:Even though things went sideways, our waitress did not falter under the pressure of said 'eff up.  She didn't avoid the issue or ignore my table and  she brought me a SECOND pasty for FREE along with my original (but slightly late) order.  Her course correction was done in record time (10 minutes or less), pretty amazing considering Pasty's take somewhere in the neighborhood of 20-30 mintues to cook (I could be wrong with my timing here)   Conclusion:Ku-fucking-dos CPC.  Open mouth, insert foot via my original critique. I'm now CPC'S BFL (bitch for life). :::Cabbage Patch:::
5	Usually I take a while to go back and contemplate a few days over an experience at a restaurant, but today's meal was so delicious, I am writing a review right away.  I went to the Cornish Pasty for lunch.  I drove from the Northern part of Mesa, so it was a good 25 minute drive each way for lunch.  I was hoping for the best to drive that far and take a longer lunch.The menu was very diverse and suited many types of cravings.  They had everything in the pasty from chicken pot pie to chicken tikka massala.  I would like to try one of those one day, but I opted for the portobello vinagrette.  It came with a piping hot side of marinara sauce that had some fresh garlic cut into the sauce.  When I took that first bite, I felt like I was in heaven.  The serving size is very good and I got pretty full from one pasty.  If I had room for more, they had dessert pasties as well, such as a caramel apple.Well worth the drive, and I will definitely make a visit to the Tempe location closer to home.
4	Cool place. Very busy, get their early.  Still looking for my favorite pasty. Got the chocolate bread desert, it was GREAT! Will go their again!
4	I must say I was skeptical at first. The name didn't exactly draw me in--wasn't sure what a pasty was anyway. And when someone explained it to me, I was like, "Ew-I don't know about this." Well let's say I was very wrong! Pasties are the yummiest things ever. I dream about the Veggie Greek. Their mushroom walnut soup with fresh baked bread on the side is divine. The desserts...OMG, so amazing. Try the Shirley Temple pudding if you're a toffee lover, or the chocolate bread pudding if you're a chocolate lover. I happen to be both! The staff is friendly and takes good care of you. The location in Mesa is definitely bigger with more tables available, but we go to the one in Tempe too because it's closer to work. My only complaint, and perhaps why I didn't go with 5 stars is the way the first come-first serve seating works, especially at Mesa, because there will be a party of 2 taking up one of the huge booths (made with real church pews--how cool is that?) even when there are smaller tables available, and then our party of 4-6 will have to hang around and wait. But it is always worth the wait :)
4	Finally decided to check this place out with the hubby last night and the food definitely lived up to the yelp hype. Everything was extremely tasty. We took a trip to the UK last year and that was the first time I had encountered pasties which were viewed there more as street food to eat on the run, like hot dogs are in NY. But I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by the menu here since there are so many options! They have every kind of pasty you could want, even tex-mex and Italian style options. I went for the traditional British shepherd's pie and it was amazingly good. My husband got the rosemary steak which I had a bite of and I thought it was also very good, although neither of us liked the sauce it came with. Since it was a chilly night, we started with the soup; he had the potato-leek and I had the mushroom. Both were very good although I could feel my arteries clogging up as I drank mine (think major butter/cream). We also ordered garlic chips (wedge fries with chopped roasted garlic on top) and they were d-lish! As it turned out the pasties were so large we really should not have ordered sides but I forced myself to box up half of mine so that I could save room for desert. I had the Shirley Temple pudding which was this amazing British-style pudding with caramel sauce that made the top and edges a little crispy. It came with the sweet cream to drizzle on top. It was like bread candy. I know that sounds weird but it was seriously good. I agree with the other reviewers that the service is extremely slow. We were there for over 2 1/2 hours! But I got the impression it was due to them being short-staffed and the fact that the nature of the food means it takes a while to cook... rather than the servers being rude or snobby. The excellent variety of beers on tap (including Strongbow cider, yay!) means that you can keep yourself entertained in the interim and the food is definitely worth the wait. I highly recommend you give them a try on a night when you are looking for something a little out of the ordinary and you have time to kill.
3	Why does this place have a FUNKY smell to it? The first time my friend and I came, it smelled. The second time was no different. I've worked at restaurants before and the smell replicate that of a DIRTY kitchen. Like the floors, rubber mats or the mops haven't been cleaned. The smell of sewage reaps over the entire restaurant. Instead of savoring the pasty aroma as it was being brought out to us from the oven, my friend and I couldn't get over the nasty smell of funk! The bathroom was also DISGUSTING! I remember being a busboy at a family owned restaurant in Mesa and the staff would always have bathroom duties every hour or so, checking on the bathroom and do general whip-downs and toilet cleaning. It's really a managerial duty to assign tasks like these to the staff.Moving on to the pasty... well, it was pretty darn good! My friend had the Oogie and I ordered the Greek Chicken. I like the Oogie more... the sauce that accompanied it was delicious, it seemed like it was roux-based; but the second time we went there they gave us a totally different sauce with our Oogie. They had some other sauce with it that tasted like berries. We asked out server if they had another sauce similar to our first visit. We tried explaining what the sauce was like, in terms or color, texture, and goodness, but she came out with a comparable - H.D. (?) sauce. It was ok - not the same though. I was a little disappointed... Loved the flaky crust, btw.I really like their food, but aside from the smell it was good! I'll try the Tempe location next time, maybe it'll be less stinky.
5	From the bar, I watched my food being prepared by dudes who look like they're from Seattle. And then served by chicks who look like they're from Seattle. And now I'm enjoying my Cottage Pie Pasty amongst other diners who all look like they're from Seattle. Except the guy over there with no neck wearing the Affliction shirt which is two sizes too small, rocking the Bluetooth earpiece; he's clearly from the Jersey Shore. Or North Scottsdale.I've been to both Cornish Pasty locations, and I gotta say that they do a great job with the space(s) they occupy. This haunt in Mesa - like the one in Tempe - occupies a strip mall (as do 98.5% of the restaurants in the East Valley), but it sure doesn't feel like it once you're inside. And I dig that.As for the dough these things come in ... It's, like, equal parts flour, Jesus, and butter! From this point forward, I'm dedicating my life to reverse engineering these mofos and then opening a Cornish Pasty. In Seattle.Let's just say I'm a fan.
5	We have been coming to this place for awhile now and it is one of my favorite places to eat.There are usually quite a few people inside sitting on the church pew seats and enjoying their meals off the old doors covered with glass tables.  The place is not fancy, but very different.  Decor is very simple with just black and white as the theme.The people who work there are mostly college age kids.  They work hard here, dishing out awesome meals.The food will not disappoint anyone.  The pickiest eater can find something  that will please them.  There are over 20 delicious pasties, many without meat.  Everything is cooked to order, so it takes abit to get your food, but the wait is worth it!I usually go with my wife.  We like to sit near the bar at the patio doors.  I usually order the Greek pastie with an order of roasted potatoes, which I wash down with a Four Peaks Kilt Lifter beer (my fav!).  When you order the Greek, they give you little containers of tzatziki sauce  and some other sauce (which I am not fond of).This is an especially awesome place to go to when it is really cold out as they use these huge ovens inside to bake your food, and it is really nice and toasty there.In the summer, they have two patios to enjoy the fresh air.So remember if you want a meal that is different, filling and comfortable at a decent price, this is the place to go.There is another location in Tempe, but I have not been there yet.
5	Love this place!  The atmosphere is amazing.. I like this location better than the University location becasue it is larger, brighter, has outdoor seating and it easier to get in.  LOVE CORNISH!
4	Cool place. Wear whatever you want. sit with whoever you want. Chat, have fun... and quit worrying about life.Can't wait to take a date here for the candlelight dinner. :)
2	I would give the food a 4 the price a 3 and the service a 1. Not sure if I would go back but I can't say the food wasn't good. Probably wouldn't be too bad if I had a couple hours to kill watching how NOT to treat customers.
5	Wow, I was definitely impressed by this restaurant. I don't normally like pasties or pies that aren't sweet. And the English aren't exactly famous for their cuisine. But Cornish Pasty Co pulls it off so well. They've got your straight up traditional pasties with meat and potatoes, but they've also got some Italian or Mexican fusion pasties. Today, I got the Bangers and Mash - I thought I'd start out with something more traditional-sounding. Alex A. got the Chicken Alfredo. I liked mine better than his. The pasty crust was so moist and flaky - not at all hard and dry like what I usually get from pasties. My favorite part was the red wine gravy. It was AMAZING and totally pulled the entire pasty together. Alex's Chicken Alfredo, on the other hand, came with a marinara sauce, which I thought was too sweet/tomato-y. We also got a side of garlic/jalapeno chips, which actually means fries in British. They're super fresh and comes with the potato peels still on them. The restaurant itself was also really nice. It does have that British pub feel. I thought the service was a little slow, but that's only because we were in a rush. I also thought that the food was a little pricey for how much we got, but the taste definitely makes up for it.
5	I can only rate this place on the food as I have never actually been here :) I have had there pastys a couple of times now but my husband picks it up on the way home. The first one I ever tried was The Oggie, and it was really great!! The second time we had The Royale with Cheese, and WOW!!! Amazing!!Like I said above I can only judge on the food and it was delish :)
3	If you like British (Cornish) pasties you are in for a treat! There are so many varieties to try, I definitely need to go back. I never had authentic pasties whilst in London but the food seems legit. I also like hanging out just to hear the music. They typically play Lou Reed, Depeche Mode, The Smith, and The Cure. It brings back memories! Definitely worth visiting!
5	Good laid back vibe with people flying around hitting timers and taking food out of ovens.  Those pastys are good, and the variety is amazing.  Dog Fish Head on tap is a plus as well.  To quote the infamous Governor of California " I will be back."
3	I hate to give this place 3 stars but you will understand why I did when you have read this review. I ordered their meat and cheese pasty and it was pretty good. I have been to England multiple times and have never enjoyed the food, so I was pleasantly surprised when I actually liked this British cuisine here in the states. I also ordered the peanut butter and jelly pasty for desert and it was "ok". I thought it was going to be amazing but I was a bit disappointed. Ok now for the interesting part. I'll set the mood. Sunday 8:30pm and starving. We sit ourselves at the bar. There were very few customers in the restaurant so we thought we would enjoy the ambiance at the bar.....WRONG! Our server was very nice and brought me my favorite import! But all the rest of the cooks/servers/staff were just ridiculous. They were having a fun time at work at the expense of the customer. I was trying to have a conversation with my bf and I literally could not hear him because the guys in the kitchen were SO LOUD. They were singing (off key) yelling at each other, horsing around open flames, and just being immature obnoxious boys. I'm not sure how old any of them are but my guess would have been 12. Our quiet evening out was pretty much ruined. I could tell that some of the other servers we uncomfortable with the obnoxious behavior but were unwilling to speak up. I'm not sure if there was a manager on duty, but I guarantee the behavior I witnessed would have not been tolerated. My suggestion to management.... have a manager on staff at all times, or else you will lose customers. The staff you hired is clearly not able to work without supervision. If anyone would like very specific details please email me.
5	I travel for work and eat out almost everyday of my life (since 2003) ... and I asked myself, "What the heck is a pasty... and am I even pronouncing it right?" Well I have eaten here maybe 6 or so times and have come to love the pasty. The Pilgrim is my favorite, it's like Thanksgiving dinner rolled into a little hot pocket. The staff is typically college students with plenty of tattoos and piercings, and the service is so-so, but the food is awesome! Go.
4	Went here shortly after opening on a Tuesday afternoon.To be honest, I was a little reserved about dining somewhere that only served one type of food, however, you have to think that if a place serves one thing, they should be able to do it well, right? Well, The Cornish Pasty Company does it well.The pastys were light and flaky, the fillings abundant and tasty. The food, as simple as it was, was done well and I'd definitely do it again. The atmosphere definitely chimes in to the british pub feel and the church pews totally add to the ambiance of the restaurant as a whole.My only issue was that the prices did seem just a tad high for what you receive. The pastys do not come with any kind of side dish aside from a dipping sauce that's paired with each individual offering. With each pasty averaging about $9-10, it's a bit much.
4	I've been here quite a few times since my original review, and am happy to say the food has been consistently really good!I still think it's too noisy inside and lament the lack of handicap parking, but won't let that deter me from coming and enjoying the fare.Now that the EU has decided "Cornish" Pastys can only be made *in* Cornwall I'm wondering if this place will have to change its name. :-0
4	This is the first stop in Arizona and what a surprise. I tried the Greek pasty which was delicious with tzatziki sauce on the side. Great beer selection. Sit outside and enjoy the weather!
5	This is one of those places that need to be experienced first hand.  The atmosphere, food, drink and service are some of the best here in the Phoenix area.  I've only been to  the one here in Mesa, but hear the one in Tempe is equally amazing (just more compact).Do yourself a favor though.  Wait to sit outside.  It can get kinda hot inside.  Otherwise, enjoy!
4	love at first bite?   i would say so! i had no idea this place would turn my horrible mood into smiles and sunshine,(something only skittles can do) or that the pasties would be something i've been dreaming about for the last few weeks! not being able to choose between the zillion and ten differant choices, i decided to wing it at the last minute and got the meat and cheese pasty, while my boyfriend opted with the shepards pie.  i cannot get this thing out of my mind! it was loaded with sausage and cheese and came with the red wine gravy everyones going  on about!  the boyfriend was also very impressed with his and says he cant wait to go back!  we also had the jalapeno chips, which are actually like steak fries. Those are also delicious!   The only negative was that it was sooo packed, we had to wait forever to be seated and get our food.  but hey, with the amazing food they have, its def ok!!!  see you soon CPC! :)
5	Kronenbourg on tap! The pasties are good, the cheese and broccoli plate is even better (and around $4). The treacle pudding is spectacular. Best of all no TVs and good music so you can enjoy your pint or two in peace.
5	I can't believe I waited this long to write a review. I have been to the Cornish a dozen times and love it more with each experience. You can go for just a beer, car bomb, or their tasty pasty. A a cold Rogue and switch it up between the Greek (w/chicken) or the Carne Adovada. Trust me once you have it you will always crave it. I went to Germany for 7 months and all my friends would tell me I just had or about to have a pasty. Well this is the one place I missed from home. Thanks for having multiple locations! Maybe one is Scottsdale is to come?!! PS their staff rocks!
5	Oh The Pasty, how I love thee, let me count the ways!  I have never, not once been disappointed.  If you've never had a pasty, I would tell you that you need to go.  I really like the atmosphere, the church pews as seats and the alcohol bottles as candle holders are awesome.  I would say that the staff seem like hipsters, but they're all really friendly and helpful.  They have pretty good drink specials, and their hibiscus tea is mighty tastey!PS.  Their vegetarian menu is LONG, and like I said, it's all good!  I think my favorites are The Greek and the Eggplant Parm.
3	Came in the evening very busy place and loud.  Fun Place with its decor.  Lively people.. Most of the Menu is all about the Pasty... I ordered four, had two gave away the other two - I was all Pasty out by the second one.. Feels like a fancy hot pocket with fresh ingredients.  I ordered the meat & cheese which is nice if your craving something cheesy.  Also had the Sheppard pie which has a nice smooth potatoes flavor with meat.. These are nice for Sharing since they cut them in half and the sauce they have is real nice.. I had the red wine sauce with both.. Good.. Each pasty is under $10, good deal and these good to eat on the go.. I Also ordered the Strawberry Pavola $5, Only came with Strawberries no grapes or kiwi's as it suppose too.. The meringue shell was good, the sauce was sweet but I would go easy on it, the cream was so - so but overall good can be too sweet if you top too much sauce and cream...  Not sure if I would return, even though it was good but not enough for me to be wowed..
5	Friendly service, excellent food.I didn't know what a pasty was until I came here.  The food is filling and actually very flavourful.The first time I came here, I got a Bangers and Mash.  Second time, I got the Oggie.  I recommend skipping the beans if you're used to the typical Boston style baked beans.  Fries and mushy peas are a good thing to start with.  Finish off with the Apple Pasty.Very vegetarian friendly.I recommend going early as this place can get very crowded.
4	Food is always delicious and atmosphere here is awesome! We also had great service. I only wish you guys would open a cen-pho location, i (along with many others) would be all over it!
4	i would describe a pasty as an empanada.. but if you've never had one, think of a hand held pot pie.a ton of options for vegetarians..  a whole page of veggie pasties!  we had the tomato soup and the mushroom/spinach/walnut soup.  followed with the salt and pepper british chips and the veggie oggie (portabella mushrooms, onions, rutabaga, potatoes in a flaky delicious crust).  finished off with an apple caramel pasty (apples, cinnamon and caramel in that same flaky delicious crust!).  there are also two other pages of meat filled pasties..  things liked "the royale with cheese" and "bangers and mash"..  something for everyone.interesting decor - candles dripping down alcohol bottles, church pews, and tattoo covered staff.great food!  i can't wait till our next spring training trip so that i can eat here again!
5	So yummy!  I don't think you could go wrong with anything on their menu.  You definitely have to try it!
4	Great food!  Took my family there to check it out.  We were not disappointed!  Wonderful food, very filling.  We'll be back, undoubtedly.
3	Really great food here, reasonably priced.The thing that prevents us from going back to this place is the service and the employees. Hipster Heaven! They could truly care less about their customers. Especially the guy waiters. One spilled beer right in the middle of our table AND in our other beers. not even an apology. No offer to clean it. Nothing.This is the land of the skinny jeans, losers, bone in the nose, tattooed face crowd. So if that's your scene, go. The food is excellent.
4	Excellent pasties.  Both the Bangers & Mash and Red Curry Chicken Tikka Masala pasties were very tasty.  Great ambiance.
5	For ages, the only location for the Cornish  Pasty Co. that I went to was the location in Tempe, which I also gave 5 Stars.  I give 5 Stars to any golden standard that I can always come back to or if it's one of those places that I'll take a friend to who's never been.Somehow, this location in Mesa is better.  The Tempe location still deserves my full 5 Star-rating, but this one surpasses it.  It deserves maybe a 5 GOLD Stars or something like that.My friend Chris came in from out of town and had a hotel room in Mesa.  I reserved a Zipcar, picked him up and this where we ate.  Everything was perfect.  I love the outdoor seating, I love the indoor seating, I love the decor and the food doesn't fuck around.  The taste doesn't tip-toe and pussyfoot around while you chew on it, it loads the flavor into a shotgun shells and fires it into you mouth and laughs at you when you're taken back by how delicious everything is.I love taking friends to places like this because you get to see their over-the-top reaction to it as well.  It's like when you watch one of your favorite movies with a friend who's never seen it and you get to keep saying, "Oh, this is the best part."  With the Cornish Pasty, it's the same thing, so many elements are the best part.I want to be baked into a pasty and I want to eat my way out of one, but I don't want to drown in gravy or something.
5	Abridged:Meat. Cheese. Potatoes. In bread. Oh and Banoffee pie.Unabridged:This is my favorite Pasty location. First off, there is tons of space. Tons. The decor also has a nice relaxing but slightly sophisticated feel. And there aren't a million ASU students prancing about and hardly ever a wait in line when we head there for lunch. Vegetarian or not, there's always a pasty for everyone. Every time I've gone to either location, I've never gotten the same one twice, and I still have over 3/4 of the menu to clear off my list with most of them being ones I would love to enjoy. They're big enough that half the time I end up taking half home with me... though that's probably because I after trying the Banoffee Pie, I haven't been able to not order it since. So usually it's take half my pasty home and split Banoffee, which is the most heavenly dessert on the planet. All the items are made there, and if you sit at the bar/kitchen area you can watch them making them right there in the restaurant. It's kinda fun really. Sometimes I watch a little too closely if I know they're making a favorite, trying to figure out how I can mimic this masterpiece at home. Alas, I've always ended up failing. One thing to note is that while they make them there, they prep them in advance so you cannot substitute. However, I've been toying with the idea of calling a week in advance to have a special one made and paying up front so I can enjoy it a few days later.So, back to this Banoffee Pie deal... I think I need to inform you in advance to save you from desperately trying to resist its allure when you visit due to this amazingly good review. So, it's a pretty awesome dessert. First, you start with a thick graham cracker crust. I am personally not a huge fan of graham cracker, but this isn't your typical crust like on a pie or a lemon bar. This looks like texas toast. For serious. Then add some homemade caramel, homemade whipped cream and bananas. This only adds up to a win.
5	Second time came to this place and all the foods from the start till the desert was awsome!!! I mean, e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g!!
3	i had wanted to try cornish pasty for months and finally went there. i REALLY wanted to like and i did but truly wasn't all that impressed. i had the"oggie"- it was good but nothing spectacular. my boyfriend got the veggie greek- one of the dipping sides seemed to be pure tahini, which was SO not tasty. the place was packed fora wednesday night at 8:30 and seemed to be more of a wanna be irish pub/dive bar. i could have gotten a free car bomb with a foursquare check in, but even that didn't make me give it an extra star. i'll go to the original and check it out, but not anytime soon
3	I was there for a birthday kick off, meaning "meet, drink, eat and leave".Glorified gourmet hot pocket..?? NO way beyond that! Good stick to your ribs food. Every combination of meats, cheeses, veggies and sauces you can think of, Mexican style to Thanksgiving!!I will be going back to try another Pasty!
5	Simply put, Cornish Pasty is AMAZING. This was my first time visiting the restaurant and I could not have asked for a more perfect experience.  The restaurant was dark, with long dark wood booths and candles dripping wax down the empty Jameson bottles. The music was great and the tattooed and pierced staff made me feel right at home.  The table was actually a door with a piece of glass covering it, which was an excellent touch to the atmosphere.  And now, on to the food!I took my best friend who eats like I do and together we ordered: Shepard's pie pasty Chicken tikka masala pastyLovely bit of salmon pastyPeppered steak pastyMushy peasOven chipsThe best part is that everything (maybe not the peas) was perfect and distinctly flavored; no dish tasted like any other dish on the table.  I would recommend the chicken tikka masala pasty and the peppered steak pasty if I had to pick two from our table.  After boxing up the leftovers to bring home we ordered dessert; we picked the Strawberry Pavlova and the Apple Carmel pasty. Both were also amazing and with a shared glass of Chardonnay our meal came to a very satisfying end.  I am sad that I had waited so long to visit the Cornish Pasty Co. But it will definitely be a favorite on my list from now on.
4	A great place for lunch, dinner, drinks, whatever. I recently took my partner here for her birthday dinner, and we were both pleasantly surprised. We went around 7pm on a Sunday and it was pretty busy, so we ended up sitting at a high-top outside. Our server was attentive, but not pushy, and refilled our drinks without having being asked. For starters I got the cream of potato, leek and stilton soup. Be forewarned, if you're not used to the stronger cheese you may not like this soup! personally, I loved it. It had a bite and was served with crusty bread and butter. We shared the Oggie and the Lamb Vindaloo pasties, and both were fantastic. The Lamb Vindaloo has a great kick, and actually made my nose run. Both the lamb and the beef in the pasties were tender, and the red wine gravy that came with the Oggie was great! For dessert we got the Shirley Temple Pudding. If you've never had it before, be aware that it doesn't have the consistency of pudding like you're used to. It's almost like chocolate malt-o-meal, but doesn't really taste like it. It's chocolatey, sticky, warm and amazing! the creme anglaise adds an interesting texture to it. If there's only a few people in your party, you may end up sharing a table/booth with strangers, that could be the only downside. Some people love that kind of atmosphere, some people aren't keen on sharing space with people they don't know. The price was right. Sunday is happy hour all day, but we didn't drink. But for 3 of us, 2 soup appetizers, 3 sodas, 3 pasties and a dessert it came up to just over $40. We'll definitely be back!
5	Cornish Pasty is...wow. It's almost indescribable. It's really that good. First of all, any pub that has Hoegaarden on draft is automatically a winner in my book. When you add that plus a great happy hour, life is good. If you just want to get your drink on after a long day at the office, Cornish is hard to beat. If you want to drink AND eat (two of the best things a person can do) you will have an evening to remember. I'm vegetarian and this place has a ton of options for me. The Veggie Oggie and The Greek are my favorites--make sure you get a side of HP if they have it. You won't regret it. As long as this place is open, my husband and I will be frequent visitors.
5	pasty/past/Noun: A folded pastry case filled with seasoned meat and vegetables aka AMAZINGNESS! Yes, amazingness is a word. A friend and I had decided to check this place out, and absolutely fell in love. I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken Pasty: Spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies and mexican stewed tomatoes, with a side of sour cream and salsa. If you want to add a lil more heat you can request some sriracha. They have a great selection of wine (I'm partial to their Malbec) and beers and their happy hour is killer. The ambiance alone is pretty sweet as well. We sat at the bar, which is purely lit with candles. The tables are set with black church pews with candlight and dim lighting throughout. If it's a nice evening they have plenty of outdoor seating as well. Everyone that works there was soo chill and laid back. Made for a great evening ! Just hope next time I have enough room to try their dessert!
5	Notice to restaurant staff: If you screw up and order, just quickly do something to make up for it.Cornish Pasty prepared a cheesesteak pasty when we asked for a Mediterranean chicken. You know what the server did? She noticed the order was wrong and pre-emptively had the cook make a Mediterranean, then delivered the cheesesteak to our table, free of charge. That kept everyone in a good mood so we could enjoy our other pasties and buy a few more Kilt Lifters. Everyone wins.Note: The lamb vindaloo pasty is very spicy, so be prepared. My girlfriend adored the Lovely Bit A Salmon pasty. And don't skip the garlic fries.
5	I love this place. I have been there multiple times and the food is always fabulous  I grew up in NZ, so pasties were part of my life... These live up to the real thing, are unique and delicious. I highly recommend.
5	This review is based solely on salads, carry-out. I eat salads. Lots of salads. Lots of really dull, average, sad salads. Thanks to the countless reviews for both locations, it seemed quite clear that this was the place to go to get some.. exciting salads. EXCITEMENT is what's packed into the salads here! I had the Chicken Tikka salad, which is two hefty, hot chicken breasts and the standard fair of lettuce, onions, etc.. Fresh! Crispy! Tasty! The folks both had the Sausage Salads which were even more incredible.. they pack like.. a pound of really tasty homemade sage sausage, with a really incredible creamy mustard dressing, all under $9 each! What a score!!! I can't wait to go back to Cornish Pasty!
5	Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite restaurants, and the ambiance is great, whether it's for a quiet lunch or Happy Hour on Friday with the place crowded. The food is always outstanding, and the staff is so chill and laid back.Try the Chicken Pesto pasty, and the Cinnamon Apple Pasty for dessert. nom nom!
2	Went here last Friday evening with my dad for father's day. I usually go to the one in Tempe (where I've never had as many issues) but chose this one because it's a larger building and closer to dad's place. As soon as I walked in, there was a weird smell. It wasn't a food smell but a people smell (an intimate people smell.... ugh). I assume that was because of the cooling issue, which I'll talk about further on...I opted for sitting at the bar because it was pretty full and a little too warm to sit outside (though there were plenty of people far braver than I). Also, when I've sat at the bar in the Tempe location, the employees have always been jovial and friendly and up for a good chat. I wasn't so lucky this time.For starters, we got the creamy tomato soup. It came with croutons and a few slices of home-made soda bread and butter. I've never ordered their soups before and it was awesome! I'll definitely get this next time I eat at the Tempe one. Main course: dad got the Philly cheese steak pasty (he's not one for tradition, I guess) and I went for my favourite - meat (2 types of pork sausage) and cheese. I also got a side of the home-made baked beans. The pasty, as usual, was really good but the baked beans were gross - dry and just all the wrong flavours. I much prefer canned, I guess. They were either in the oven too long or had been sitting out... just not fresh.While the food (minus the beans) was good, the building was super hot. It was pretty crowded and we were sitting by the bar where all the ovens and things are, but they need to definitely invest in a better cooling system with more vents or something because it was almost unbearable - and it wasn't even in the triple digits outside yet. I can't imagine eating there in the middle of the summer! Also, service was really spotty. What I presume was the owner (or at least a manager) came by a few times and we had our plates cleared but we were sitting on the end of the bar right in front of a girl making fillings and she didn't say a single word to us the whole time. I wanted some HP sauce and I couldn't get her attention since she didn't bother to look up once. I get that you're busy but you're still an employee and it's still part of your job to handle some customer service. Even a smile would have been nice, but was perhaps too much to expect from a restaurant that hires only 20-something hipsters and hippies (and I don't mean that insultingly, it's just facts). Perhaps I'm getting old in my young age.Also, that HP sauce I wanted? They were out of because of "supplier problems". You know they sell it at every Fresh & Easy, Trader Joe's, and World Market, right? You don't need to import it yourself and if you're out of an English staple in an English restaurant, at least go out and buy a few bottles till your "supplier problems" are handled. Just a suggestion.I'm sticking to the Tempe location in the future. You can't keep me away from my pasties so easily.
4	I have a friend who might as well live here, so when he suggested that we meet him I was curious to see why. As it turns out, it might be because of their alcohol options as opposed to their food options. The soup options looked tasty, so I went for one while we waited for our friend to show. I ordered the leek soup. The soup itself was nearly a revalation, but I was not a fan of the bread. I love bread, so this was a little sad for me. The soup was creamy, had just the right amount of cheese, and somehow managed to not be overly leeky. Five stars on soup.There was an impressive amount of beer options, according to my husband.I ordered The Pilgrim. The dough was delicious, as was the turkey. I could have done without the large slices of onion and par-cooked yams (which didn't taste very "Thanksgiving" to me anyway). When I caught a bit of stuffing it made me very happy. I didn't like the gravy, but didn't need it anyway as the pasty was not dry. There was also a side of cranberry relish. I ate it all and took an additional cup home for my left overs (the soup was filling).The second half of my pasty came home and spent the night in our fridge. It was far better having rested there for the evening. I was impressed with how much more I liked the pasty on day 2.  Four stars on pasty alone.Seating indoors was strange, not suited for a couple having a dinner date, but ok for drinks. Seems as if though the bench-seating and dark atmosphere would be cool for pre-game drinking, perhaps with a large group of friends. It was slow when we were there, which I understand may be uncommon.
5	Still lovin the Pasty. Thought it would be worth noting that I brought my British husband here four, yes FOUR, times when he was in town. One of those times we had four more Brits in tow and they all loved it. "It" includes the food, the atmosphere, the beer selection, the giant booth outside that accommodated 8 of us and the great service we recieved. This restaurant manages to be the trifecta of perfect, as it's good for friends, good for low key dates and good for parents too.
3	Great food...great menu, especially for those of us who don't eat pork, beef, or poultry.  We had the Chicken Tikka Masala (Red Curry) and the Spicy Asiago Chicken, both using subsitute chicken from the vegetarian section of the menu.  The waiter, talked us into a side of chips.  We got them delivered (later to be removed from the bill), as we were finishing the pasties (pronounced with a soft a by the way...).  So, the waiter took responsibility after telling us 3 times that it would be "just a minute."We'll go back, and recommend trying this place.
4	It's believed that the pasty was invented for miners. They were a way to get a full, nourishing meal that miners could transport easily and eat without cutlery.I'm not sure that's what Cornish Pasty Co had in mind when they opened up. Sure, the place is dark, like a mine. And a lot of the waiters have crazy beards, similar to what the old miners sported. That's where the similarities stop, though. This place is H.I.P. Was mining hip? Probably not.They have a hundred thousand beers to choose from. And every single pasty I've tried is SO SO SO good. The dessert takes the cake (but it isn't cake). PB&J Pasty, with ice cream on the side! Ooey Gooey peanut butter, jelly and bananas.The only reason CPC doesn't get the full five stars is the service. It's usually awesome. Every now and then, though, you'll get someone who is too cool for school. That'll ruin it! I still highly recommend this place, though. Amazing food, awesome atmosphere and mostly good service.
5	This is my favorite restaurant/bar in town. The pasties are AMAZING and the beer choices are awesome, not mention decently priced (though together you should expect to spend about $40 for two people). The Chandler location is the only place I've ever found with Franziskaner Hefeweissen on tap!
5	Your receipt will say it all. "$3 Car bomb..F*YEAH".. I dont even like carbombs but I tend to do atleast one EVERYTIME I go there. Also Wednesdays is $3 Guinness day.. not gonna be able to beat that anywhere.The food is so yummy, but if you are in a hurry, this may not be the place for you.And the owner, gooood lord! I have the biggest crush, the things I would let that man do to me.
5	The "hipster" tag on Yelp was made for exactly this type of restaurant. This place was full of them; you'll see a lot of tattooed employees here and general indie-ness abounds at the Cornish Pasty Co. Luckily this also means good music. I heard El Ten Eleven, Minus the Bear, Crystal Castles, and Caribou while eating there. But onto the food!...CPC has a great variety of pasties. I tried "The Porky", which was delicious. Inside it was pork, potatoes, apples, sage, and a few other ingredients. My table also ordered a side of jalapeno fries, which were very good and just the right level of spiciness.  You really can't go wrong with this restaurant. What's not to love about a place that has Strongbow on tap? I would definitely recommend eating here.
4	Pastry? Pasty? Oh, it's pah-sty aka dough-covered deliciousness. I've noticed the hype on yelp and am really glad I finally hopped on the bandwagon. My friend suggested going to the Mesa location because there is more seating than the one in Tempe. It has a cool vibe...  kind of a modern English pub. There are large communal tables, a long bar, and a patio to choose from. With haboob #2 looming in the sky, we decided to share an inside table with 3 cool strangers.  I was with a party of 5 and we all loved our orders. I had the carne adovada - shredded pork with green chilis and great spicy flavors. Loved every bite. We also shared the apple, cinammon, caramel pasty for desert. I loved this too. Maybe more. Maybe not. Both were just so darn good. It seems like the perfect place for a meat and potatoes sort of guy, plus I heard there's a great selection of English beers, so I'm planning to take my boyfriend there for dinner asap (twice in one week wouldn't be overkill right?) Vegetarians, they have a long list of pasty options for you too.
5	Dig it! Good beers on tap. Tasty food. Friendly servers. Cool place to hang out and relax. My fav pasty is the cajun chicken with the spicy sauce. Don't forget to check out the desserts. Towards the back is an iPad where you can pick a few tunes to be played..kinda neat if you're in the mood for something in particular. If you haven't checked it out, you should. I like this location better than the Tempe location because it has more seating and a better scene for visiting with friends.
3	I ordered the porky and I'm not sure what it was but there's something about the flavor inside the pasty that did not sit well on my tongue. The order itself was pretty hefty and despite my first misgivings I was able to give into my hunger and gobble the whole thing up. The BEST thing about the meal was the desert- strawberry pavlova. The meringue shells were exactly as advertised; crisp, airy, and full of homemade goodness. I hate overtly sweet deserts and this definitely was not that. The fresh whipped cream and fruit were a perfect complement to the meringue shells. In fact, I would actually think about returning just for the desert.
4	The quality of food here is consistently amazing!3rd trip here and 3rd different pasty. Enjoyed the Portabello-Chicken Pasty w/ a salad and finished every bite (okay, I split it with a friend, their servings are plentiful!)  Perfectly cooked and flavorful; it's served with a side of marinara that I could have eaten alone with a spoon! Everything's good here. If your a soup lover you MUST try the mushroom soup.  My salad was fresh and their house dressing is this amazing creamy basil goodness.The staff is very friendly and do a good job at paying attention to the little details. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the music is a little loud for this small of a space.  During lunch I think it could be turned down, save the loud music for happy hour.
5	I drank the 34oz pitcher of Hoegarden by myself. Like a boss. The only challenge was actually LIFTING the 34oz pitcher.... which was a struggle.I liked Cornish Pasty Co because its simple: pastys, beer and a couple of sides. No worries if you're vegetarian or pescatarian or whatever the hell you're in to these days (seriously people!)  they have every kind of pasty you want, and all delicious.I got the sheppard's pie with the traditional fillings (mash potatoes, gound beef, peas and carrots) and gravy dipping sauce.  Mmmmmmm, the delicious taste of an English heart attack.The pasty was decent in size (filling enough for a whole meal for sure), came piping hot and had great flavor. The gravy dipping sauce was the best and they should probably put waaaaay more of it on your plate than the small cup you get with your pasty. Add some side orders of their chips (garlic and jalapeno please) and you've got yourself a manly meal. For those into decor: this place has it. Very simple style, candle-lit and long tables, almost picnic-style. Easy, simple, down to earth. I don't need more than that.5 stars all around. Did I mention that I finished my 34oz pitcher of Hoegarden? Like a Boss? Really, I did.
5	after our first horrible experience, i had vowed never to go back.  i'm so glad i gave it another chance!  this time we went when it was busy, and sat at the bar.  the bartender/server was so helpful and attentive, completely knew how to treat customers.  the tomato soup was incredible and i have since recommended CPC to many of my friends.thanks dean!
5	Great place! My husband and I live in FAR West Valley so whenever we find ourselves even remotely on this side of town we make the drive to Cornish Pasty. This place is simple. Good quality tasty food. We each try a new pasty everytime we go (been 5 or 6 times now) and we have never not LOVED our pasty. The servers are so friendly. I wish we lived on this side of town because we would be here all the time.
4	As much as I love CPC, I can't bump it up to 5-stars. I went with a fair group of friends Monday night and expected it to be busy and came to terms that we'd probably have to sit on the patio. Suprisingly, all of the booths on the patio were available because they were SOAKED by the misters. So we ended up having to wait about 20-minutes outside by the available booths because they were unusable :( But the experience inside was stellar as usual.
5	Delicious food, awesome music, great beer selection, and awesome overall setting and staff.  You can't go wrong here!  Happy hour, dinner, lunch, anytime and anything on the menu is sooo good!  Very original music on the jukebox you won't hear anywhere else.  I love this place!  The cajun chicken pasty and the pasta salad (among many others) are favs!  Vegetarian options are plentiful :)
4	I've never been to Scotland but I was told that this place or yet type of food is sort of Scottish. So let's see.Yummie food!! Been here a few times with the hubbie, friends for happy hour and birthday. There are 2 locations of this place in the valley and my favorite one is the one in Guadalupe Rd. As you walk in, it seems like you went back in 1800. Place is very warm with black and white paint as their primary colors. There are long tables with long white candles with melted wax still attached on the side that makes it very old yet beautiful. They use church pews as part of the long tables making the furniture very unique. Service is good and fast. They will take time to explain to you if you're first timers. Menu has a fair amount of selection according to their signature to the most popular pasties, they even have a full page of selection for vegans! Pasties are like calzone in a way or empanada in some countries, where you have meat stuffed inside a flour based dough. And they can out whatever kind of flavor they wanna put it! My favorites are the pesto chicken and chicken alfredo pasties! I also love, love, love the oven baked chips which are basically potatoes cut in wedges, baked to perfection and sprinkled with garlic or some jalapenos for those who are looking for some kick..You will not go wrong with these chips! My hubbie loves their Guinness which he says is very different from other restaurants, which I would say is true coz he has tried all kinds of this from all different places. They also have a good amount of beers that originated from Europe. Pricing is fair enough for the big servings they give. I usually come home with half of my pasty so that's really big serving! =)I recommend this place if you're looking for something new and fresh without shelling out too much $$..
5	This place is awesome! The pasties are huge and delicious.  We split one and that was sufficient.  Hoegaarden and Strongbow on tap too.  Love it!
5	Imagine this... a delicious, flaky pie crust that's been stuffed with delicious stew like middles.  Yum... making you hungry?  It should be!  This is the kinda cuisine that the Cornish Pasty Company serves up.  And they do it well.  Really well.  So well in fact that I've told my friends in California about this place and we try, in vain, to find something similar in the Bay area.  ((sigh))  Please CPC, come to Sunnyvale, California!Aside from the tasty food and reasonable prices, this is a joint with unique music and appeal.  It's a cool place for a date though maybe a lil loud for a meeting of any kind.  They have an outdoor patio and inside seating... and a well stocked bar!I'd definitely recommend Cornish Pasty House to friends and in fact, will have to visit again really, really soon.See ya there!
4	Met a friend for lunch here today... neither of us had eaten here but she had heard good things about it.   We decided to eat family style and try a salad and a pasty.  Ordered the Chicken Tikka Salad and the Chicken Pot Pie Pasty.The Chicken Tikka Salad deserves 5 stars.  What a taste treat!  Loved the spicy tikka masala with the crisp lettuce, fresh tomatoes, cucumbers and lots of red onions.  Nice contrast of hot and cold, spicy and mild.  And the mint yogurt dressing... spectacular.  Wonderful companion to the chicken and provided a "cool" contrast to the spiciness of the Tikka.  Kept in theme with the Indian spices with a modern salad dressing twist.  Excellent.  I'd love the have this salad often!  I was rather disappointed in the pasty.  The chicken was rather dry and I found it heavy on the thyme.  Veggies in it were tender and well cooked.  The crust was lovely:   light, flaky and flavorful.  I'd give this pasty a 3.  Service was good (a bit slow bringing the check at the end), ambiance had a British Isles pub feel.  Good experience over all and I'll be back for the Chicken Tikka Salad and to give a different pasty a try.
5	How have I not reviewed this place yet?!  The Cornish Pasty Co. is incredible.  I am from So Cal and it has become my tradition that I visit it twice every time I am in Phoenix - when I first arrive and then again when I am on my way to the airport.The pastys are so good the boyfriend and I have devised a way for me to transport the partially cooked pasties by plane to Southern California so I will have extra stock when I get home :-)The is hands down my favorite place I have ever eaten at.  EVER.  That says a lot.
4	Not as atmospheric as the original location, this is a better spot if you want to introduce the family to the joys of humble English cuisine. You cannot go wrong with the original Oggie (I always take a couple of the par-baked to go because I live 2.5 hours from here) but the lamb and mint is great too.
5	Great beer, Great food! Love this place! My family and I go here about once a week and the food and service are always fantastic! The patio is the best place to sit even during the summer! My favorite is the vegetarian Greek.  The apple and cinnamon dessert pasty is excellent as well.  Highly recommend!
5	Cornish Pasty Co. is awesome! Fun environment! Friendly people!! Great service!!! And the food is INCREDIBLE!!!! Seems like every time I try a new pasty, it is my new favorite... Until I try another! The dessert pasties, seriously, are the most AMAZING deserts I have ever had! ***warning: pasties are HOT when delivered to your table... Be patient, enjoy slowly!
5	Absolutely love this place! Nothing but awesome every time I have been there!
5	Great food great price!  Atmosphere is awesome!  Try the Chocolate Bread & Butter desert, you won't be disappointed!!  Great place to hang with friends and chat the night away, especially on the patio which has ceiling fans and misters.
4	British food? In Mesa? Doing successfully in one of the most cursed plaza's in Mesa history? Yes, yes and yes, apparently...I've always wanted to try a pasty...glad I was finally able to. On walking in, you realize the place is so British, that there's actually a bit of culture shock. The big long tables and benches may have you questioning whether or not you should sit down at one of these tables with an already seated party, and the answer is YES, you should! Thats how its done on the other side of the pond, and thats how its done at the Cornish Pasty Co.They have a pretty good beer selection. My party of 3 split a large greek salad, and we could have used another one or two mouths to help us out. The dressing it comes with is a lemon pesto salad dressing, which was delicious. A word of caution, however: A little goes a long way. Its pretty thick, potent stuff. But it really does go well with the red onion, olives and feta in the salad.I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, and later I was also able to try the Chicken Pesto pasty. Both were very very good, but I liked the Tikka Masala a little better. It seemed like it was a very popular choice there as well. I would say on both pasties, the side dressings left a little to be desired. The tikka masala comes with their version of raita, a traditional indian yogurt dressing, but their flavor (while not tasting bad) did seem kinda off for some reason. The pesto chicken came with marinara, and again it seemed a little off.The clientele here is a pretty mixed bag. The servers are the tatt'd up, facial piercings type, which Im not sure exactly why that is, but I dont mind it. Im not judging anyone, but there seemed to be a lot of lesbians in the place too. I have not a clue why either would be the case, but It didnt bother me--just struck me as odd. The place at 5:30 was PACKED. You come any later and you WILL NOT get a seat.One last thing that I would like to mention is that for the vegetarians out there, this place is extremely veg-friendly. Practically an entire page of their menu is dedicated to pasties with quorn fake meat products, which although I didnt try, Im sure would be fantastic.I will definitely be back soon, though maybe next time Ill try lunch and see if its maybe a little less crowded.
5	Think Hot pockets on steroids*. Great Beer, Atmosphere and patio furniture.  I return to this place religiously.. Each time, eager to try something new. I'm about half way through the menu as it's rather extensive. I highly recommend the "Spicy Asiago Chicken Pasty." Spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies, and Mexican stewed tomatoes. With a side of sour cream & salsa..ORGASMIC. You seriously can't go wrong here people. The Menu versatility is astounding; it's as if they have a pasty specifically tailored to your palate.Try the "Strawberry Pavlova"  for dessert. Perfect place for a date or to suck down some good food and beer with your buddies. Eat well, Live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do.   - Cheers
5	I love Cornish Pasty Co. I've tried several flavors - lamb vindaloo, the oggie, lamb and mint, rosemary chicken, the pilgrim. All of them are totally delicious, fresh, and the ingredients are obviously good quality. The sauces they make are all excellent and flavorful, although I prefer the red wine gravy with lamb or beef, not turkey or chicken.The prices are totally reasonable. At first you think it's steep for what is essentially a handheld pot pie, but you get a lot of bang for your buck. I can only ever eat half and take the other half home. Sides are also tasty. Haven't tried the drinks or desserts but I assume they are just as good! Service is a little spotty (they seem to employ affable, somewhat spacey young men). But I suppose that's kind of in line with a British place, huh? ;)Something I find disappointing, though, is that you cannot customize any of the pasties. If you don't like an ingredient in it, you have no choice but to order something else. I get that they prep the pasties earlier in the day to maximize efficiency in baking, but still.This location is really nice and I prefer it to the location near ASU. Great outdoor seating area, misters, lots of shade, etc.I will be back many times, I am sure.
4	A-Ok in my book. What's better than a gourmet hot pocket and an irish car bomb for brunch?I ordered the salmon pasty with spicy beans. The dough itself firm, but fluffy and the filling is great. I especially enjoyed the sauce that accompanied it. As for the beans. They were spicy as hell. I ate it all, but I don't know if I would order it again. It was almost unpleasant to eat.
2	I had heard great things and saw lots of 5 star yelps but I was not impressed. The time we were there, there was either a hipster, wanna-be convention in town or there is a community college nearby. Well the people who work here certainly think they are cool. It is open until 12Midnight and I would be curious what the crowd is like then. The floor is set up like a dining hall, not a bar (no real mingling space, long German style tables on a tightly packed floor) [might get rowdy in a good way]. The selection on draft beers was mildly impressive but they were out of the German Lager I wanted....but Guinness will do. The food was somewhat pricey and my dish, Veggie Rosemary Chicken, was bland. People seemed festive but I think I will try somewhere else next time.
5	Good food, with a truly one of a kind vibe... you have to experience it to appreciate it.
5	Food is definitely true to its British nature.  And Irish Car Bombs are a great deal.  The prices are highly affordable a great place after an ASU game or just late at night with lots of friends.
3	Novel meal idea, I've had a few different meals here and all have been pretty good. Great selection of beers and really cool decorating job with old church pews.
3	I'm not sure if my wife and I ordered the wrong things, but we were underwhelmed.  The atmosphere of the place was nice, but the food itself didn't really do it for me.
5	Cornish Pasty always makes me a happy girl. They have great beer, yummy food, and the staff is the best! The menu has a ton of choices for meat eaters as well as vegetarians and everything is made in house. The patio offers additional seating and the iPad is always playing memorable music.
5	We visit the Cornish Pasty often and WOW!!!! We always are trying new things and always very satisfied. The staff is very friendly, never judge a book by its cover!!! The apps are great, Pasty's are great, dessert's are great, atmosphere is great, drinks are great!!! A definite must!!!
4	I had never been here, but kept hearing amazing things about it... So I went the other night with my friends... I was the last minute invite cause they thought I was already out, but I was told they hadn't been seated yet. I literally left right when he called me got there 5 min later and they had been seated. I think the waited 15 min for a table for 6 on a friday night, not bad at allOK onto the food, I had the greek chicken flavor, and it was so tasty!! It came with taziyki sauce on the side that was so heavenly i wanted to lick the container it was in. My room mate had the spicy asiago chicken and he let me have a bite, and yummy! I must say though the flavors in the greek chicken one were seriously amazing, artichoke hearts... sun dried tomatoes just so good. I will be going back hopefully sometime soon. In the meantime  I  want a vat of the sauce to swim in at home
5	After years of obtaining my pastys (I choose to spell it this way, the other makes me feel dirty!) at the Cornish Pasty Co's ASU area location, this new location is a welcome addition to Mesa, and far closer to my home! First, the restaurant is rather small, but has a large covered patio in case you feel claustrophobic! Inside you'll find large church pews in front of long tables. This is fabulous during busy times, as you'll meet wonderful new people sitting at the other side of your table that you might not have otherwise spoken to!  Menus are on the tables and the candles that sit in empty whiskey bottles are just cool. On to the food!My 11-year old daughter adores the PB&J, of course, but so does my 62-year-old mother! I've not tried it yet, but it smells wonderful! Personally, I've tried the following during my many visits: -Cheese Steak: Wonderful large chunks of tasty meat with peppers and onions and cheese. The red wine gravy is fantastic with this one, you might need more!-Ruben: The sauerkraut is made from red cabbage, and the corned beef is perfectly cooked. A fabulous choice!-Vegetarian Greek: This was my very first pasty, and was absolutely fabulous. Kalamata olives, artichokes, spinach, sun dried tomatoes, -Italian: A fabulous concoction served with marinara. Salami makes it tasty, fresh basil leaves put it over the top! -Chicken Pot Pie: This is the only one I really didn't like... not because it was bad, but because it was bland. It needed salt... -Greek Salad: This salad is rather interesting, and the dressing is not what I expected! But it's good, and full of lots of good veggies!You should definitely go here, it's a great place to eat, food pie! Enjoy!
5	This was our visit and we thouroughly enjoyed our meal.  What a perfect meal for one of the few cold nights we have here in Mesa/Phoenix. We had yummy dough filled with yummy stuff like pastrami, corned beef and saurkraut baked it is a warm golden brown.  What a deliscious take on a Reuben.  We also had a more traditional pasty with steak, potatos, and rutabagas.  Very good in that whole comfort food kind of way.The only negative I would give is that the space is small and the noise level is high, but then so is a pub in the middle of London.
5	I had heard a ton of yelp buzz and really wanted to go but had been put off because of the distance from my house and some poor reviews of the waitstaff.   I am seriously regretting getting put off!  At first we walked in and I felt sort of out of place, that faded quickly though.  I wish I had gotten the waitress's name because she was AWESOME, everyone was.  We sat near the cooks and it was great.  I checked out the porch seating and was impressed with the heating system they had out there, nice and warm on a very cool (for the valley) night.  The staff that were off for the night were eating and having drinks out on the porch and they were all so friendly!  We didn't have a single case of snobby or feeling ignored.I got the Shepard's Pie (with the minted lamb).  It was great.  Perfectly made and the red wine sauce was great!  They didn't have any coconut rum so our waitress asked for a different drink order, in the end we decided to do a Long Island Ice Tea and adding pineapple juice since I originally wanted a Surfer on Acid, in short it was so good that I could have had 6 (and ended up on the floor) but been a very happy camper.  We also tried the Mushy Peas and Garlic Fries which were fantastic!I will be going back ASAP!  I can't wait to take my Foodie Dad there!
4	I've been coming here over the past year, each time bringing my Colorado friends, and one word sums it all:  YUM!  The menu is vast and the flavor is always amazing.  Seating is quite limited but that just means this place is widely-loved.  The servers are usually lovely unless it's closing time.  More than once, the lights would suddenly become blinding, the music will be switched to death metal, and the volume would go up to borderline-deafening.  That's never a good way to get customers to leave so that docks off a star.
4	Love the food, love the servers with attitude, love the atmosphere, hate the community seating that paired me against some stranger with no concept of boundaries.  Some night after a few drinks, I'm gonna give that stranger a taste of my elbow in her ribs for once.  No one comes between me and my lamb pasty.
4	Some of the best food that I have had.  We each tried a different pasty - every one was superb.  They were flavorful and crusty.  The meat and cheese pasty and the chicken pot pie pasty were especially tasty.  The atmosphere was what I would imagine a pub to be!  The reason for the 4 rating was because of the service!   We seemed to wait forever for the food , and the waitresses seemed to disappear for long stretches.  The first waitress we had was bitchy, but the second one seemed sweet!  We eat out a lot and know good service - this was not it!  The person from the kitchen that brought our chips did apologize for the wait.  It even took long for drink refills!  Too bad because the food was great!
5	This place is great. I had friends tell me about it and no one could quite describe to me what the food was like, now having been there I understand why. It is excellent and undescribeable. Its like the most magnificent hot pocket you could ever imagine stuffed with a variety of different delicious combinations
5	My long distance boyfriend was spending the holidays with me from Cornwall, England.  This was both of our first times here.  He loved this place and states the only pasty to beat it was the butcher in Truro, Cornwall, England- and only just. :) We had the Meat and Cheese Pasty and the Italian Pasty and they were both amazing.  We also had chips. :) Which we agree to disagree if they are french fries or chips. :P  I have never had a pasty before at all and I thought they were delicious.  Very hipster in here which isn't exactly my scene, I would prefer it to be less loud and crowded- but there is a reason it is packed- because it is great.  I "can't" wait to go back and neither can he when he gets back to the states. :D  I have told everyone who asked about my vacation about this place and how we both loved it.  Give it a try! :)
3	I came out for a friend's birthday in December.  I had never been or heard of this place before.  So, I go and find a small place with a patio and a bar.  :-)Pasty kind of reminded me of a really large hot pocket type deal.  I didn't eat anything while I was there, but the place sure did smell amazing.We drank though.  Irish car bombs!  I'm not a fan of them, but the birthday girl sure is!I don't think I'd drive back to Mesa just to go here, but if you live in Mesa and are looking for something different...you might like it.
4	Really good food.  Cool atmosphere too.  Eat an early lunch cause if you don't, there will be no dinner after this place.  You can also ask for half backed to take home and heat up...
5	The food here is AMAZING! The service is good. Staff is very friendly. Its always busy and be prepared to wait for your food, but once it arrives it was so worth the wait!
5	Fantastic food, great service! This is the place to be :)
5	This is my guilty pleasure. My boyfriend and I eat here AT LEAST once a week. All of the servers are laid back, but fast and friendly. The Cornish Pasties are amazing. I've tried many, but my go-to is always The Ruben. If you like ruben sandwiches, the Ruben pasty will blow your mind. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!! Cheers!
5	My girlfriend and I discovered this place months ago and we both fell in love with it immediately! The atmosphere is unique which is nice because it helps get you away from the every day franchise restaurant feel. The food is absolutely incredible and their choice of beer is exceptional as well. I highly recommend trying the Pilgrim, Cajun Chicken, and the Chicken Pot Pie. These three Pasty's are definitely my top three favorites. Both the quality of food and service easily makes this place one my of favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area.
4	Cornish Pasty Company1941 W. Guadalupe RoadMesa, ArizonaWe arrived on a Friday night at 6:00 as a party of 14. Probably not the most fair thing to do since I knew I was going to review the restaurant, yet it didn't phase them in the least. While they take no reservations, they treated us courteously, and seated us after a short wait.This is not the quietest place to eat at, as a lot of it has to do with the bar, which is very conducive to friendly chit chat, but overlooking that, it's quite a charming place. There is seating outside, as well as in church pews inside, which makes for a cozy atmosphere as well as the possibility of having new conversations with people you have never met - something that Americans are not used to, but is very common in the rest of the world.Everyone ordered soft drinks except for myself. I ordered a Strongbow to see if it was what I remembered from the U.K., and it was no different at all. A true hard cider with good flavor of apples.For my main course, I ordered the Oggie, a mixture of steak, potato, onion and rutabaga, served in a pastry crust with a small cruet of red wine gravy. ($8.00) . I was instantly transported back to the U.K. with my first bite. It had great depth of flavor, and the red wine sauce was absolute dynamite. An excellent dish! I also ordered a side of Mushy Peas ($2.75) and a side of Baked Beans ($2.50). The peas had nice flavor and were exactly as served in England, but I didn't care for the Baked Beans. There seemed to be an odd flavor associated with them that was off putting and which everyone agreed was not very tasty. Other members of our party ordered the Italian, the Porky (pronounced as orgasmic), the Shepherds Pie, the Reuben (good corned beef), the Chicken Greek (said to be very tasty), and the Lamb Vindaloo (usually very spicy, but apparently toned down here for American palates). Two of our party ordered the Pilgrim, which is roasted turkey, sweet potatoes, grilled onions, stuffing and red wine gravy. One pronounced it terrific, while the other didn't care for it.The menu also includes a nice assortment of vegetarian dishes as well.Most people didn't have room for dessert, but a few did, with almost everyone sharing. One of the desserts was Banoffee Pie - a graham cracker crust, homemade caramel, whipped cream and fresh bananas. It was interesting to note that the whipped cream was unsweetened. When mixed with the other ingredients, it picked up it's sweetness from them and tended to tone down the overall sweetness of the dish - a wonderful idea of what would otherwise have been an overly sweet dessert.The other dessert that was ordered was the Apple Caramel Pasty - a kind of apple turnover pie crammed full of apples and cinnamon and covered with a homemade caramel sauce and served with a large scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream. Nothing could have been better, especially since the caramel wasn't too sweet.Considering how crowded the place was, service was not too bad, and certainly could have been a lot worse.Perhaps the only fault I could find was with the ladies room. The paper bin was full to the top, and the rolls of paper were scattered around instead of being in holders. I have been in nicer restrooms in other restaurants.Overall, this was a wonderful eating experience, with several authentic dishes on the menu as well as some creative ones. I recommend it highly and give it 4 stars.
3	First off, I LOVE THE FOOD. So giving this place three stars breaks my heart. I've been to this and the Tempe location each a few times. I do prefer this location because it feels more spacious.I dropped in for lunch between meetings and sat at the bar facing the open kitchen. And then I waited. Somewhere around 12-15 minutes passed. I almost got up and walked out, but the guy in the kitchen manning the oven noticed I was still sitting without a beverage and asked whether I'd been helped yet. He offered to get me something to drink and took my food order. The restaurant was not too busy, and there were a few servers wandering around. Around the time my food was ready, one of the servers sat at the far side of the bar to eat lunch. I finished my pasty and had to go to the cash register to pay. I probably shouldn't have tipped, but I used to be a server, thus feel massive guilt for not doing so. Moral of the story, I'll probably just order to go next time and eat in my car. I hate when good restaurants are held back by poor service.
5	This was my first experience with pasties, and I have to say, Cornish Pasty Company has made a fan out of me!  We sat in front of the kitchen and had loads of fun watching the guys (and one gal) make the pasties with great dexterity.My friend and I started the meal with garlic chips that were addicting and so flavorful.  They're not skinny and oily like regular garlic fries.  These chips are large warm wedges infused with garlic flavor.  I highly suggest getting them!  My friend got the chicken pot pie pasty and really liked it.  I had a bite and found myself in strong agreement.  My lamb and mint pasty was also good, as it was very balanced, but I was a bit disappointed by how dry the lamb was.  The gravy it came with fixed that though.Finally, we ended the meal with sticky toffee pudding.  It was actually my third choice in desserts because the first two choices had sold out.  But regardless, this dessert was so so soooo very delicious!  It was crunchy on the outside, but soft and gooey on the inside.  The sweetness level was perfect, and the cream sauce brought the dessert to the perfect level of indulgence.I am definitely going back here.  There are so many pasties that I want to try, and all under $10!
4	As a business traveler to find an eatery where you can walk in alone, feel comfortable, have great food and drink and excellent service in a casual pub like  atmosphere is rare.  This place has it all.  Wish we had one in NY.  Will come back again and again.
4	What the heck is a Pasty??? Upon a friends recommendation, we gave Cornish Pasty a try. The food was amazing, the staff was efficient, friendly and attentive without being annoying and the desserts.... WOW. I usually don't have room for deserts, don't make this mistake, save room. The Shirley Temple pudding is not from this world. I am now a Pasty fan and will return for more culinary abuse. The only thing holding me back from 5 stars is the size of the dinning area. Although they have ample room on their patio, the seating inside is very limited. Most restaurants have enough seats so that as people finish, tables become available regularly. Here, there are 4 tables, so your wait time, if you want to eat inside, can be long. If you go before 5:30, you should be fine, if you go after 6, especially with 4 or more, prepare to wait. I myself will just go at 5:30, eat and be happy.
4	Heavenly delicious food! Definitely come hungry because you will leave extremelyyyyy stuffed. It is one of those Im-so-full-but-I-can't-stop-eating-this-food type experiences! They have a huge selection of pasty's on their menu so it feels like you need an hour to decide which to choose! I hfinally decided on the Chicken Alfredo - YUMMM!!! We also tried the apple pie pasty type dessert ~ also sooo heavenly even if you're stuffed from the dinner portion :)Great place to go for a date night out or with friends! Small place but has a relaxing and unique atmosphere. Servers/ Bartenders are great!A must-try!! :)
5	Cornish is great for anyone who lives bread and beer. They have a great staff who always remembers you, they aren't trying to sell you things you don't need. The staff recommends wonderful Items you can sit at the bar or table. They also have a patio and you can smoke on a certain side which I like. The staff is always laughing and talking with eachother but still completely on task and happy to see you. I like this location very much.
3	I first discovered Cornish Pasty at the Tempe location in 2006.  The food has always been delicious, so I was thrilled when they opened a location closer to home.  The food is still good, but there are two issues with this location that really need to be addressed.  First, as other reviewers have noted, there is a really bad odor inside the restaurant.  It almost smells like bad feet.  I don't know if its a particular food that is making that bad smell or what, but because of it, we always opt to eat outside.  When you enter a restaurant you should be greeted with a cornucopia of deliciousness -not a weird stench that makes you want to run.Secondly, the customer service.  This is consistently - inconsistent.  Sometimes its ok, and then other times its just plain terrible.  The other night we had to wait 1 1/2 hours for our food and we didn't see our waitress for over an hour--that's right-AN HOUR--no drink refills, nada.  In fact we almost just left.  I don't care how busy you are, that is unacceptable.  If the customer service was excellent, I could overlook the 5 earrings in the nose-20 tats-freak show waiters they have serving the customers. (ok, so they ARE friendly for the most part)  But bad service, coupled with hippie freaky waiters is starting to wear thin.  I really want to give this place 5 stars because their food is wonderful, but until they get their customer service up to par and get rid of that smell. this place is never going to be in my top 5.
5	If you are reading these reviews and have never indulged in the tasty delights served by Cornish Pasty Company, you must get your ass over there as soon as possible!The variety of options is astounding for a place with a menu largely dominated by a single item: the humble pasty.  Nearly every major cuisine is represented, and for the vegetarians, this place is mecca, because there are just as many options on that side of the menu as the omnivorous one.  They also have a few sides (Cauliflower and Broccoli Cheese Bake is f*cking INCREDIBLE), salads, soups, and desserts.  Strangely enough, I've never tried any of the desserts, but they all look amazing.Me and the boyfriend's favorite flavors include Rosemary Steak, Lovely Bit of Salmon, Bangers and Mash, Peppered Steak, and The Royale with Cheese (yes, they have a cheeseburger option, perfect for a picky kid, just don't let them eat the whole thing!)  And speaking of portion size, don't think when you first behold your precious pasty that it is nothing to write home about in terms of size.  That little football will fill you to the brim, (this is probably the reason I've never had their desserts!)  They are great to split with a friend along with a salad or other side, if you are looking to lighten it up a bit.I can't really comment on the service.  Since the Mesa location is a quarter mile from our house, we always order out.  From what I can tell, they are packed every night.  We never have any problems with our order, though now I think of it, the last time I called to place one, the phone just rang and rang with no answer, and we ended up getting My Arepa.  No big, though.I'm so glad this concept is expanding in the Valley, Cornish Pasty is quickly becoming an institution in this town, so if you haven't been yet, make it happen!
5	Great Food? Check. Quality Service? Check. Fun environnent? Check. Good beers on tap? Check. Food I crave? Double check.That about sums up all you need to know about cornish but if you need to know more just think of the best hot pocket you ever had, multiple the quality by a million and you have a pasty. I have tried numerous items from here ranging from the homemade sausage salad (too big for a single sitting so leftovers=winning) to the lovely bit 'o salmon to the strawberry pavlova dessert and it is all great. My biggest problem coming to this place is the near pannick attack get from having to choose from too many great options. I'd tell you what my favorite pasty was but that would imply that one is better than the others which simply isn't true. Plus they have something for pretty much everybody, the only thing is if you are super picky pastys are cooked to order but not made to order so ingredients can't be swapped. Even then anybody I have ever come with has been able to find something.
5	Amazing food and great service.  I can't get enough of this place!
5	just go and try it. dont hesitate.
5	Cornish Pasty Co is one of our favorite restaurants... in fact, the one reason we don't eat there on a weekly basis is that everyone else knows how good it is and it can get PACKED.  I always get the same meal because it's perfect: Hibiscus Iced Tea (addictively good) and Shepard's Pie.  Lamb, carrots, peas, onions, mashed potatoes, cheese - all in a flaky crust.  Ultimate comfort food!BF loves the Chicken Greek, Spicy Asiago, the Pepper Steak, and pretty much every other pasty he's tried.  It can be slow but the atmosphere makes the wait a bit easier because you can ALWAYS people watch.  There is a wait while the pastys cook so if you're starving, go with the soup - their soups are very good and come out fast.We haven't had many of the desserts but the banoffee pie and the caramel apple pasty are both solid.  Can't speak much about the bar side, either, but BF does love that they serve Strongbow cider.If you haven't gone before, you'd better go soon - used to be a hidden gem but now we have to worry about getting a table!
3	Was here for sister's birthday party. On a Friday night. When it's packed because it's a bar and it's Friday night. They don't appreciate a large group on a Friday night, even when you tell them in advance you're coming. Unfortunately at first the service was so slow some of the party-goers had to leave. At my table (we took 3), it went fairly quickly. However the server said he couldn't separate checks, but WE could separate them ourselves at the end and he would ring up as many different cards as needed. So basically he wanted us to do his job. On the food side- yum! I had the salmon pasty, and it was really good. Though I was expecting a little more to it for the price, it was still filling. The salads were pretty good size. This is why I give it three stars, the food is really good. I would come back, but maybe for lunch when it's a different atmosphere. Husband said he wouldn't, but he's not into the bar scene and he didn't like the smoking out on the patio. I didn't see anyone smoking, but he said he could smell it.
2	I was at the same party as Dani C. Though they were called in advance AND the party person was there 30 minutes early, they wouldn't seat anyone until most of the group arrived. We had to take one table and hover around waiting for another. Then we waited so long for service one family had to leave. 90 minutes after I arrived someone finally took my dinner order.I've been here before and pastys just aren't my thing. Haven't found one I liked so I tried their chicken caesar salad instead. It was a large serving but mediocre. The only thing I like about this place is the Strongbow on tap. Many of my friends love it so I'll end up going back but it's not someplace I'd chose on my own.
2	I've been to the Cornish Pasty Company in Tempe many times.  First time at this location was pretty bad for several reasons. First, the place smelled bad upon walking in. Sorry, it smelled like sewage. I've worked at many restaurants. Second, the church pews we sat in were filthy. No excuse. Third, a small roach scampered off the side of the table when I sat down. I had to flick it onto the floor and forget about it.Yes, I actually stayed and ate. The food was excellent, but I won't be visiting this location again.
3	I have been here three times so far.  The pasties have been hit and miss for us.  We tried one of the rosemary pasties and didn't really enjoy it but last time we had the pilgrim and my wife and I both thought it was great.  The pasties are smallish compared with portions at most restaurants and a little on the expensive side at 8 to 10 dollars each.  The house salad comes with a great and unique dressing that is almost like a pesto.  The oven chips are some of the best French fries I've had.  The roasted potatoes were on the dry side.  The mushy peas are good but I'm not sure what to compare them with.The place is small and a little awkward with much of the seating being long benches.  The staff is good but a little on the brusque side.  Last time we were in the waiter told us he had something else take care of and asked if we minded waiting.  He was trying to get another table out that needed to get back to work.  Once we had his attention he was very attentive that left me feeling like we were bothering him at the same time.  Neither my wife nor I really care for the red wine gravy.  It tastes a little muddy to us.  The potato leek soup is excellent with a strong flavor of stilton cheese and a nice slice of bread.  They also have a great beer selection.I'm sure we will go back again but Cornish Pasty is not on our regular rotation.
5	Wow!  My 160th review and it can't be better.This place is located in a strip mall and  I found it a little hard to find with the GPS.  Inside, this place appears to be rather small.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door.  The dining room had a very industrial feel but it was comfortable.  On the tables were empty Jamison bottles with candles on top.  The menu offers a lot of choices including a cheeseburger royale and thanksgiving dinner.  I had the Cajun Chicken.  It was so delicious and flavorful.  The crust was flaky and light.  I loved it. The food was served on metal plates which goes along with the industrial feel.  They have some great beers on tap as well including some local brews.  Our server was very attentive and answered all of our questions. He had full knowledge of the menu as well as the brews on tap.  I'm very happy this place was recommended and I be back the next time I'm in town.
5	Love this place, it's in my top 5 list of places to frequent for good service experience. Great food, great beer, and very friendly staff, make Pasty House a hit with any friend or client I have ever met there. They do get very busy in the evenings, dinner service is slower than lunch, and there is often a waiting line even on weeknights, but the wait is worth it. My favorite entrees are the Portobello Chicken and the Meat and Cheese pasties, but they are all good, I have never been disappointed with anything on the menu.
4	I have to say that I really felt like I was taking a risk going there for lunch.First off, I heard a lot of negative things: long lunch, slow service, dirty place, smells when you walk in, dingy servers and food preppers.. though I don't recall any "food sucks" comments, which is exactly why I took the "risk" of having lunch there.My comments on the so-called negative things others pointed out:-long lunch/slow service: Yes, this was not a short lunch .. but it was also not a long lunch.  Food took a bit long but we also were expecting 'custom-baked' pasty.  Plus our server was quick enough to bring us drinks and my soup order, etc to hold us over;  Our server guy was outstanding - friendly in a genuine way, prompt, kept checking on us, and had very good customer service skills (I'll get to that later).-dirty place: Yes, as I mentioned, it needs a good cleaning (those pew cushions were nasty and the wax should be scraped off and menus cleaned up)-smells: Yes, but we deduced it was the cabbage.-dingy servers/food preppers: It's an 'alternative' type of staff.. I myself am not that alternative, but I have no issues if my servers look like Cheba Hut or Pita Jungle employees :) As long as they are clean with handling my food (at least, that I notice).  I did note, however one of the food preppers talking on his cell phone while he was handling food.. I thought that was gross (god knows where cell phones hang out and all the dingy dialing we do).OK, so now to the food:I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and my friend had the Chicken Pot Pie - both were delicious!  I was super impressed with the breadth of the pasty 'stuffings' and got very excited to see they had over 40 options!  I want to go back and try them all.  The yogurt served with my tikka was perfect.. the chicken was plentiful and well seasoned.  Essentially, their fillings are both inventive, somewhat unique and really entice me to come back.  Plus, I appreciated that their pastys are a good size and that it is not a dough-overwhelmed dish (meaning the crust is perfectly thinly sized and not like a calzone).Bottome line:Yes, there is a distinctly strong smell when you walk in ...yes, the pews had dirty cushions on them.. the candle wax was all over the table/menus, the menus had other grime on there.. honestly this place REALLY needs to quit the slacking and clean this place up... BUT, their pastys were yummy and their service was excellent - 2 major players in making me want to come back.Okay, so now to the note about customer service:I found a piece of red thick rubber-band (~1" long) in my soup .. we could only assume, due to it's color and size, it was the ones used to bunch up produce (It was a leek-potato, stilton soup).  Yeah, not excited about that find, but I did appreciate that when I mentioned it to our server, he swiftly took it away (offered me a new one) and immediately apologized and said it was 'on the house'.  THAT is fixing a problem immediately and correctly - kudos for him for a great response and showing good customer service.  I can understand that 'shit happens' sometimes but it's the aftermath of how you treat the customer that found the rubber band in their soup that matters.I'll be back!
5	Quite possibly the best place to eat in Mesa. Let me tell you what you are in for if you go. The CPC has taken these pilgrim pockets to the next level.  Personally I would recommend The Royale With Cheese or the Shepard's Pie. The pies take a while to make so now would be a good time to order drinks as well. If you are the beer drinking type I would suggest the Hoegaarden it's the best I've ever had. If you are looking for something more stimulating you may want to try their Irish Car Bombs. Or if you are you are up to it go with both.When your pasty arrives don't touch the plate! It could be scorching bloody hot. Your pasty is probably going to take a few minutes to become edible as well, just stay clam it will cool soon enough. When you have finished eating get the apple stuffed pasty for desert. By now you will feel very full, I know, I do it every time and the only thing I can say is that it was worth it.Cheers!
5	All I can say is OMG! Food was great I got the shepherds pie pasty with a side of gravy it was great. It was worth the drive for pick up from my home in Gilbert. Staff was friendly and the place looked warm and inviting. I will be back again. Theres like at least 5 more things on the menu I want to try.
4	Nice wooden, yet modern interior, with candles. Staff and guests come with a pleasant grungy edge. A whole page with veggie pasty, and even one vegan option. Vegan pasty? Yes! I stuck with a veggie option (rosemary 'chicken', good) to not rock the boat too much. Maybe vegan next time, it's intriguing.
5	I love this restaurant!  Everything I have ever ordered has been very good, and we have been here many, many times.  After reading through some of the reviews for CPC here on yelp, I have to say that I am a bit surprised by what people are complaining about.-I have never once noticed a "smell" upon entering the building at this location.-I have been to both the Tempe and the Mesa location, and the portion sizes are the same at both locations.-The servers and cooks are not "dingy," whatever that means.  In all of the times we have been to this location, we have never, not once, had a bad server.  They are all friendly and respectful.-The only dirty-ness I have experienced there is some broken candlewax on the tables indoors, and tables that haven't been bused yet outdoors (they turn over that fast!)My only complaint is that when we first started going to the Mesa location when they opened, they were quiet.  Now, they are constantly busy...any time of the day.  But that isn't really anything to complain about; that business means that hopefully they will be there for years to come.Make your own menu decisions, but some pasties that I like include:Pesto ChickenLovely bit of SalmonChicken GreekChicken pot pieThe oven fries are also great...order them with garlic and mustard cream sauce.  You won't be disappointed.
5	This place is great, too bad it's so far from me.  The restaurant is very english pub like.  With cool bench seating, a big patio, and a big counter to sit down and enjoy your pasty.  They are always playing an eclectic mix of music that I think adds to the charm.  The staff are really nice and check on you to make sure you have enough to drink and are enjoying yourself.  They get extra bonus points for having a huge selection of vegetarian and vegan pasty. Who doesn't want a savory turnover with delicious fillings? I have really enjoyed lunch here the few times I have gone.  I'll be bringing some friends with me next time.  Keep up the good work.Try:- Eggplant Parm- Oggie- Greek
5	I love this place! Ok the soup is amazing! Oven chips are great! Pasties are unbelievable!Dessert - English toffee - or bread pudding both are really good!
3	IRISH CAR BOMBS= $3?! WHATTTT!!Cornish pasty= Meh.I tried half of my friends(spicy Asiago) okay, Rosemary Chicken- Worse.  The rosemary tasted strange to me just lacking some other flavors. Maybe some other spices??  I LOVE rosemary and I did NOT enjoy this nearly as much as I expected.Next time i will stick to the desserts those looked appetizing!! Oh how I wish I would have went with my first gut feeling.  So mad at myself for that!!Oh yelp you disappointed me so... I was expecting sooooo much from this place and I was severely let down by my choice.I will give you another shot when someone pulls my leg again.Someday...
4	This place is the best. I only order the cottage pie or bangers and mash. They have like 100 different types of pasties, but I've come to realize that the more traditional ones are the safer way to go. Plus I'm an Irish girl and I love meat and potatoes.I prefer this location to the Tempe one. It's much larger and the service is a lot friendlier. Plus the patio is amazing. Also, the Tempe one has been "expanding" forever and it feels as tho it will never be done.
5	I love the Cornish Pasty! My first pasty experience was at this restaurant. They have a good variety of pasties, and sometimes have new ones to try. I think my favorite is the greek - the flavors meld so nicely. I also love the steak with the Stilton cheese - mmmm! I always eat outside - nice in the winter, misty in the summer. The only con I have is if you have to eat inside - the music is LOUD. Now, I live in MN and can only enjoy pasties 'if/when' I make them or when I visit AZ. And when I visit AZ, Cornish Pasty makes the top 5 places to eat list.
4	For lunch I had the Porky - it had roasted apples inside which added sweet detail.They have Boddingtons on tap - that's my bff's favorite beer so I ordered one and sent him a pic for jealousy purposes.  It's a good beer, a little thicker than I'd prefer but being too thick is never a bad thing.  Service was friendly but slow.
5	They do one thing and one thing to perfection -- pasties! If you've never experienced one, imagine your favorite food baked into a light, flaky dough and served with the perfectly matched sauce. While you're at it, order a side of English style coleslaw or garlic chips and an ice cold draft. How could you possible go wrong? Even better are the amazing prices and relaxed atmosphere!
4	I have spent some time in Cornwall and have eaten my fair share of pasties.  So I was excited to try this place out.  Right off the bat though, I love that they have so many vegetarian and vegan options.  That's really nice.I tried the balsamic portobello mushroom pasty, the chips, and the chocolate bread and butter pudding.  Overall, it was good.  I would say that, aside from the chips, it's not as authentic as I would have hoped for.  The pasty itself was a bit more "posh" than what you'd normally find.  To be fair, I didn't do a direct comparison.  In Cornwall, I had previously eaten the more traditional pasties like cheese and onion, pork and apple, etc.  But I'm not looking a gift horse in the mouth, as I said, I was very happy to have so many veggie options.  But the pasty did seem more posh in term of the pastry being more refined than what you'd normally see.  I mean, basically, the pasties they serve are actually probably better made and prepared than real pasties... the pastry is crisper but also a little tougher.  Overall, I like my pasty though.The chocolate bread and butter pudding though, I'm afraid, was really not what I was expecting.  Real bread and butter pudding is made with chunks of bread and, you guessed it, soaked in butter (among other things).  What I was served was something more like a sponge cake soaked with brandy and comes with a little pot of creme anglaise (which I don't think I was ever served at any time in the UK, but hey ho!).  The sponge cake has more of a consistency of treacle tart/pudding.  Minus the treacle, of course.  And again, it tasted really nice and was a lovely dessert in it's own right, it was just not bread and butter pudding.  It looked like a striped cube, by the way.So I guess for the food that's my review, that the food was very good in it's own right, and possibly is a posh version of those foods, but I didn't get that authentic homey feel from it like I hoped because it wasn't the real thing.I would definitely go there again though.  The service was really good.  I liked the vibe of the place and the decor is cool.  And the food was tasty overall.  It's a nice, casual, fun restaurant.
5	Very very good. Unique and a treat! Vegetarian selections are broad but there is definitely something for everyone. Get out of your box and go!
5	They have vegan menu
4	My fiance finally dragged me here after years if talking about how good it was.  The good was really good.  I wish their dinners came with a side of veggies instead if having to order something extra.My only complaint was the water misters outdoors.  Barely 90 degrees and they were running.  Normally I'm ok with that but everything was soaked.  The chair padding, the table, then my food..  they finally turned them off and then they dripped, and dripped and dripped some more.. all over my dress clothes and my head.  I left looking like I ran through a sprinkler.  Food is worth it, if you sit inside.
5	Awesome pasties - so many vegetarian selections!!Awesome soup!Awesome salad!Awesome beer!Awesome sides!Awesome desserts! Ok I've really only had the bonaffee pie ;)Service is hit or miss, but Pasty Co gets an extra star because they are so vegetarian friendly!!** MAKE SURE you try a side of the chipotle sauce with any pasty!
4	I first went to the Tempe location for vegetarian food. Their greek salad (dressing) is great. I've been trying the pasties and I like them all so far. The wine gravy is different. The Mesa location has more room and the patio. The church pews add a touch of humor. Better when you're with friends. Cool place for a beer. The service is relaxed and good..try it!
5	I just moved here from SD and this is the first place Ive found with the slightest hint of authenticity or originality.The servers are tastefully rude in a way that is amusing and contributes to the dark atmosphere. Everything inside is dark, old, and antiquely, which together with the black and white gothic portraits an candlestick lighting makes you feel like you're in an alfred hitchcock movie.The food is outstanding. I had some kind of mexican food pasty and every bite was delicious. If you've never been here and are a fan of anything alternative or outside of the box, I highly recommend you try this restaurant.
5	I ordered a pasty stuffed with ground beef, French fries, onions, melted Swiss Cheddar blend, and it was DELICIOUS. They're so big, my friend and I (both of us girls) split one, so it was only $4.50 each. I also got the mushroom spinach soup, which comes with homemade (I think) bread and butter, and the soup was warm, thick, and not too creamy. We finished off with the Shirley Temple for dessert, an amazing toffee, chocolatey bread pudding that comes with a white cream you can stir into it. Restaurant is pretty dark inside, and they play loud Indie music, so I wouldn't go with a client or boss, but with friends, it's great. Just the right volume so you can notice the music, but still have a conversation.
5	Oh man! I have a favorite fast food restaurant in Nebraska called Runza... every time I go there, I have to eat as many as possible. Needless to say, I had my first Cornish Pasty and holy moly, it's seriously a glorified Runza! So amazingly delicious! It's kind of like a calzone only not pizza styled. I had a shepherd's pie in mine and totally worth every calorie! :D
2	I'm so torn over the rating! The food was fantastic! I had the Cottage Pie, my husband had the Carne Adovado. Both were rich, tasty, and well-made, but the service was dismal! It took 10 minutes for our waitress to approach the table, which wasn't initially a problem but the service only went downhill from there. It took a half-hour to get our food, and our server never checked on drinks, we sat there with empty glasses and drinks with no ice, finally went to the bartender for refills. Again, the food was awesome! With my husband being a pastry chef we always want to try desserts and ordered the Bonaffee Pie and the Apple Pasty, after we ordered we waited...and waited...and waited, no sign of our server, finally waved down another server he checked and our desserts were right there! Again, our server nowhere to be seen, still empty glasses. After waiting for so long we weren't really interested in our desserts anymore unfortunately, then surprise! Suddenly our server was there with the bill!! After not seeing her for 40 minutes she drops the bill, doesn't offer boxes, no conversation, just drops the check. After we paid, she hovered at the next table which was empty and took the check before we were even completely out of our seat.     So TL;DR        For our first time here, food was excellent, but service was so bad we won't be back! I'll give the Tempe location a try, hopefully service will be better, but I won't go back to the Mesa location again.
3	I'm still a huge fan of the food, but the last time I went here the service was bad. I was introducing friends to the restaurant, and it was embarrassing. Here are the bad points:-My friend asked if they had a kids menu. The answer? The server barely looked at her, briskly said no, and quickly walked away. I really don't care if they don't have a kids menu, but I could think of a few nicer responses. -Our water glasses were rarely refilled. We're in AZ. It was about 100 that day, and we were sitting outside. -The server said they don't split checks. Weird. They've done it other times I've been there. Plus, we were perfectly split into our groups, so why is this difficult? -The general attitude of our server was very poor, like we were a bad interruption in his day.
4	I've had this twice - once my friend, the penguin, brought some over - and then Saturday night we actually dined there.  The pasty itself tasted much better eating there - probably because it didn't have time to get soggy.  But the side dish, the broccoli and cauliflower smothered in bread crumbs and cheese is LEGIT.  Very unique concept, and the crowd is very hipster / bohemian - which always makes for good people watching.  I'll be back fo' sho'!
5	What a FANTASTIC find!  My first trip to Ireland was earlier this year, and I've been craving pasties ever since.  After a random Google search, I found this place..followed by a quick lookup of reviews on Yelp.  Let me tell you, the excellent reviews on Yelp are spot on!Today was my first visit.  I ordered 2 pasties for pickup during my lunch hour, as I figured I'd eat half of each one and save the rest for dinner(IF it was any good).  I got the Cheese Steak(10 out of 10) and the Shepherd's Pie(8 out of 10).  After a 15 minute drive back to work, they were still piping hot!  And the taste absolutely blew me away.  The Cheese Steak was PHENOMENAL....it will be hard not to order that the next few times I go, but eventually I'd like to try the many other creations they have.I've heard their Happy Hour is fantastic, so I intend on rounding up some friends to check that out sometime soon!
5	I've been a handful of times now, and it just gets better. I vow to try a new pastry every time, and every time it is delicious! I love the vegan options as well. Everyone I bring to this little speakeasy loves it. The ambiance is what really sets it apart from other places. It's a hip, cool environment that really makes you feel like you stepped into Ireland. It is great for date night, or happy hour with friends. Every server we have ever had has been very nice as well.
2	The food here is quite good and original. HOWEVER the incredibly horrible service was impossible to overlook. We came in and sat at the bar for a good, 10 minutes until I finally asked the cook behind the bar if he could take our order. He said yeah sure, wrote it down and put it somewhere. About 30 minutes later I decide to check, walk over and ask the waitress if she can check on our food. She asks the cook, he said he never got anything. The cook says well I gave the other cook the order. So we wait another 20 minutes for our forgotten food. After eating, plates sit empty, still no waitress, so I walk over to one and tell her we need our bill. This was so utterly disappointing.
5	I have lived in the area for years and always passed this place wondering what it was.  Finally, my Husband and I decided to give it a try...we had no idea what to expect.  The place is very intimate.  Some of the tables are long with benched seating so yes there is a possibility you may sit next to strangers.  But who cares when the food is as YUMMY AS IT IS!!!  The menu pretty basic but has many options for a Pasties.  I ordered the Carne Adovada it was AMAZING!  My Husband got the Pesto Chicken he raved about how delicious it was (didn't try because I do not like pesto).  We ended with dessert some apple caramel sauce with ice cream it was to die for!
5	After living in the southwest part of England for many years, this is the next best thing, if not improved from the original. Venue: I think they hit the mark with the church benches and the door tables. Its usually pretty busy on the weekends and can be hard to get somewhere to sit. They are expanding this location which is pretty rad news. The candelabra is pretty good at setting the random tone. They music is usually the hipster genre but thats ok for me. Appetizer: This is by far the best Mushroom Soup I have yet to find in America. Very similar to the mushroom soup you would find in most pubs in souther England. If they could add the fried bread under, it would perfect.Food: Tried pretty much all the meat pasties. Can't go wrong with the Oggie or a shepherds pie. Dessert: Best bonofy pie in town. Other then me mums.I sugest this to everyone!
5	Rosemary chicken was scrumptious! The  mustard cream sauce was a great complement. One pasty will definitely fill you up. Then share some fries and you're golden! They have a variety of pasties and I want to try more! It is almost like a calzone but better...gourmet hot pocket!Oven chips, or awesome fries are fantastic with jalapeno. YUMMMM. I brought it all to-go, but I'd like to eat in because the ambiance seems chill and pretty rad.
5	Their vegan vindaloo pasty is amazing.  Every day that have two vegan options... great atmosphere, food, and service.
5	I LOVE cornish pasty!! The ambience is really neat but the place itself is a little small. Everytime I go, I try a new pasty and every one I have tried, I have liked. Good selection of beers (import and domestic). I personally like sitting up at the bar because staff is really friendly and chatty (if you want them to be).If you're looking for a new place to try that's casual, this place is great!
4	I wish we had this place back home! I'm now hooked on pasties! The hubs and I ordered the shepherd's pie and I got the chicken massala. It's a little on the expensive side and the portions aren't very big. We actually ordered a third shepherd's pie cause we were still hungry and it was so good! lol. The strongbow cider was also very delicious. We'll be going back here again next time we're in town.
4	Comfort food and beer at it's finest!  Had to try this joint based on the Yelp reviews and after looking at the menu online.  My husband and I were out driving around aimlessly yesterday and when he said he was in the mood for a beer, I said, "I think I know just the place."  As soon as we walked in I felt like I was no longer in AZ.  The pub atmosphere is great with a lot of bar and counter seating and church pew type benches for seating, but made comfortable with cushions.I had the Oggie and really enjoyed the tender, flavorful steak and potatoes.  The crust for the pasties was nice too.  Very flaky and buttery.  My husband had the Meat & Cheese and we both liked the spice blend in that one.  So 2/2 on the pasties.We shared a side of chips (frites) which were cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Crisp on the outside, but like floaty mashed potatoes on the inside.  3/3.  I was impressed with the beer selection.  They have everything from local brews to Oregon and CA brews to Chimay and a couple of other European ones.  I started with the Hoegaarden white, which I had never had and enjoyed immensely.  My husband ordered the Rogue Hazelnut Brown and that's not what he got.  It was a very good IPA, I suspect it was the Four Peaks IPA that was on the menu, but it definitely wasn't the Rogue which we have had many times.  He mentioned it to our server (who was great by the way, even though it was fairly busy in there), and she said he wasn't the only one to say that, but that's the beer that came out of the Rogue tap.  I think they got their kegs crossed or something.  She offered to get him something else and I forget what he ordered but it was the correct beer that time.  She didn't charge us for the first beer, which was a nice surprise when we got the check, even though we drank every last drop of it.  We didn't know what it was, but it was not going to go to waste.  I ended with the Firestone Walker Double DBA.  I think.  By that time all the blood was in my very happy belly.  They have a good amount of outdoor seating on a very attractive deck.  It was a little hot for that yesterday, but I will definitely be back to try that out.  This would also be a great place to belly up to the bar.  From what I could see all the employees were working hard to take care of their customers and I saw a lot of smiles.  How could you not be smiling with all that great food and beer and all day Happy Hour?!?!
5	I was a little leary after reading about the customer service. Wow, yes it's busy and the staff is squeezing through small passages since the tables and chairs take up a lot of room, but I have no complaints. The food was AMAZING, the drinks were strong, and the service was fine (aka busy!) HINT: Go early or you will be waiting for a table. I would love to see them move into a bigger place, like maybe next to Postino's in downtown Gilbert! Hint, hint!
4	I went there at night on a recommendation of a friend and didn't really know what to expect. The place is somewhat hidden and rather unpretentious compared to other restaurants. The place is lit by candles and soft lightings, with metal music playing in the background. Occasional rock and metal music plays in the back ground which goes well with the easy ambience. The place despite its unconventional getup offers intimacy for groups and also welcomes loners. They have a huge collection of beer, both domestic and imported, all reasonably priced. On to the main course - pasties. Comparing pasty with hot-pockets oversimplifies this delicacy. Alright, its roasted bread stuffed with cheese and your choice of meat, but there is so much more to it. Depending on what you get, you'll get to enjoy vibrant flavors that go well with your choice of alcohol (personal recommendation - get Buddingtons).Pasty recommendation: Peppered Lamb
5	I could eat here everyday. The variety of different pastys are awesome!  Chicken tiki masala is definitely #1. The music gets a little weird but the atmosphere and awesome and the beer selection rocks. Not only that but they do have some of their pasty's in vegetarian form - so when you aren't feelin' meat you still get an freakin' awesome tasting pasty.
5	Don't deny yourself the chance to eat here - the food is amazing. As a 5 star description says, "As good as it gets!" is the truth here. Great vegetarian options! Note to first-timers: just grab a table, it's kind of a casual system. Good beer, good music, great prices. Tony helped with the recommendations, and was spot on. Tell him "Hi!".
5	Awesome British food:Yes Relaxed atmosphere: YupHot waiter: Oh, Yeah
4	If I ever leave Arizona, this will be at the top of my list of local places I will miss dearly. Whenever I've had a long, crappy day (or week, or month, or...), I usually find myself craving my go-to comfort food. This, my friends, is Cornish Pasty.I wasn't always a believer. When I first heard about CP last year, I thought it sounded kinda weird. "I don't think I'll like it," I told my Cult of Pasty friends. You can't accurately describe the glory that is a pasty to someone who has never experienced it. (As another reviewer noted, "glorified hot pocket" doesn't sound too appealing.) But if you haven't tried it yet, at least do it once, just so you don't have to wonder anymore. Seriously, just go.I have never tried a pasty I didn't like. Ever. Thing is, I'm an extremely picky eater, and I dislike a lot of veggies (taste, texture, whatever, they weird me out). Yet this place can make me eat spinach, artichokes, tomatoes, onions, and potatoes like they're my favorite foods. Somehow, they magically combine a bunch of ingredients that sound like they may or may not go well together into one amazingly delicious, harmonious pocket of baked goodness. It's always perfect. I was especially hesitant to try the salmon pasty, but you know what? It's one of my favorites. Magic, I tell you.But great food comes with a price. There's a good chance there will be a little wait here. There's also a good chance the service will be spotty, which is why I knocked off one star. On several occasions, our server has been extremely scarce, or food has come out at different times (as in, one pasty comes out and 15 minutes later, the other is out... doesn't make for a great dining experience with your partner). Mostly, we just have to wait to get anything we ask for, so bring your patience with you just in case.My least favorite thing, though, is the door leading to the patio. That freaking door! On my last visit, it drove me CRAZY because every 15 seconds, someone would come in or out, and it would SLAM so audibly that I couldn't ignore it. I think it's just the door itself, but couldn't they like... make an effort to close it quietly, if they can't get it fixed? It was so distracting that I was having a hard time hearing conversations or enjoying my meal. There's no way I'm the only one bothered by this. Management, please fix ASAP.But here's a great thing: when you're not in the mood to deal with being squished into a little bench with some strangers or searching for your waiter to get the water refill you needed 10 minutes ago, you can always call in your order, pick it up, and bake it at home - then sit down with your favorite beer or wine and enjoy your meal in privacy. Tastes just as delicious, I promise. Give it a try.
4	This place is so great!  The atmosphere is comfortable, and the menu is expansive.  This is a great place for vegetarians.  We were starving so we started with an order of baked fries that were fabulous.  They were big slices of potatoes that were baked with olive oil, black pepper, and salt.  They were crispy and yummy.  Next I had a half order Greek salad that was very fresh and very tasty.  And next I had the vegetarian "chicken" tikka masala and my husband had the royale with cheese.  My tikka masala had great flavor, and the "chicken" seemed so real that it maked me nervous that maybe the waiter messed up and gave me a real chicken tikka masala, although I know that did not happen.  My husband and I really enjoyed our lunch and will definitely be back.  I already know what I am going to get next time, the vegetarian cottage pie.  I can't wait!
5	Evel Knievel would eat these pastys. You should too.  Pure genius, good atmosphere, attentive service.  I still study the menu before I go, been coming for a decade, too.
5	Tell you the truth I was extremely nervous to try a Cornish Pasty, but boy am I glad I did. I have never been to the University location but I can tell you that this one is awesome! It is interesting to learn about where the Pasty originated and that story is told in all of the menus. My meal of choice is the Cajan Chicken and a ice cold english hard cider to wash it down.
4	I really wish I had the option for a 4.5 rating. The Cornish Pasty, Co. has been a date-spot as well as a casual hangout of mine for years now. The best thing about the Pasty (pronounced "Pass-Tee") is not only the amazingly simple food, but the elegant atmosphere. Where else can you dine under candlelight without feeling like a chump? The lighting is dim and beautiful, the surroundings simple yet quaint. You can get the full story behind what a Pasty is inside every menu, and I recommend reading about it! Interesting stuff! The prices are very consistent throughout the menu, typically being around $9 per dish, which is very acceptable considering the density and beauty of the food. The staff is typically friendly, with the occasional "I'm having a bad day" server. It can be hard to tell who is a server, as they wear simple street clothes, but I believe this adds to the welcoming feel that the owner, Dean, has established. Apparently renovations are to be coming soon, with the restaurant expanding to almost double the current size. I'm anxious to see how this will affect the overall mood of the place, but also excited for change. There are no TV's here, so don't expect to go watch a game. You do however have a nice range of beer and wine choices, with a limited liquor selection. I was told that the bar will expand with the addition. Date? Go! Hangout with friends? Go! Take mom out to dinner? Go! I can't think of any circumstance that this place doesn't cater to. (oh yeah, and they also actually cater to parties as well, which I believe can be requested through their website http://www.cornishpastyco.com/menu/index.html along with a full menu.Give it a shot, you won't regret it!
5	In the mood for something different than Mexican & sushi. Saw the 4.5 Yelp review, not a fan of anything British as a general rule, but what the heck, all the Yelpers can't be wrong, & they served food until MIDNIGHT!  Frankly, I expected it to be "good, but not my style," as I prefer lighter, healthier food for the most part, NOT a "meat & potatoes person."Went there alone since my family wasn't with me. I was a very "un-hipster" 40-ish yr old female alone. As I walked up I noted the loud patio, people having fun/drinking, hmm. Inside: dark but not in a seedy way, real wax dripped down the wine bottles holding the candles. Church pew seating as mentioned. Pretty cool, but the tables looked huge & daunting for this SWF diner. The outside looked too "party". No one really approached me right away, a few people said hi, but they all looked so casual sans uniform, I couldn't quite tell if they worked there or just walking by?  Didn't know if I should wait to be seated, but there was really no obvious place to wait for such guidance, as the front door leads right into the dining room. After a few awkward seconds I identified that guy as definitely an employee & threw myself at his mercy, "Hi. I'm new. How does this work?"  He was great, sit anywhere. Grabbed a seat at the end of the raised bar. As someone else said, a good place to bolt from if things didn't go well. Also had a good view of the dining room, the kitchen prep area & the servers work area. Friendly Serena stopped by, I warned her too that I was new. She was great! Since they clearly have a great, well-chosen list of ales & beers & that seems an obvious British accompaniment to pastys, I told her some of the beers I normally liked, such as IPAs, Kiltlifter, Dogfish Head 60 & 90. She lit up & said she's bring a sample of one she thinks I'd like. Love the service already!! I love love love when they bring samples of something so you can truly decide before committing. She NAILED IT - On-tap Green Flash Hop Head Red. Never heard of it, LOVE IT.Ordered the Chicken Tika Masala pasty since I was in the international mood & Yelpers said it was good. Waited the 15 mins or so. Noticed that the servers have fun, the kitchen is friendly like everyone says, the crowd is diverse.  The music is great, stuff I like, upbeat, some good swing-dancing music, Stray Cats, etc. Only thru Yelp reviews did I learn it's now "hipster" music, ha ha. Then arrived the pasty...SOOOO much better than a typical calzone crust! I love how thin but sort of crisp the crust is! Nothing even close to doughy, it's lightly holding the divine insides. The Chicken was moist and chunky, the tikka masala sauce was spiced but not "hot," really savory flavor.  The side sauce was perfect with it, nice touch that they all have various perfect accompaniment sauces! I asked Serena for a box right away to take the other half home to family. Good thing I did, or I would have stuffed myself with it because it was sooo tasty & been in pain later.I'm also not really much of a dinner-out dessert person, as they are usually too over the top gooey sweet for me. But the Banoffee Pie with bananas caught my eye. Home-made caramel? In home-made graham crust? What??  Argh, okay....  I can have a few bites & take the rest home.Serena was again brilliant, telling the kitchen to "build it" in the to-go container. Once it arrived, I could see why, truly awesome suggestion, as moving it would have messed it all up. The guy behind the counter asked,  "Just bananas or also strawberries?" I deferred to Serena the Expert... "Plus strawberries."   He told me when busy, he doesn't have time to create this masterful work of art that he made, but tonight he was able to do so. It was beautiful, and tasted 10 times better. I couldn't stop. I didn't know why. Finally, another server stopped by and we chatted about it. The secret is: the caramel is sweet, the graham crust is both sweet & salty, & the whipped cream isn't sweetened at all. The balance is WONDERFUL! Scary-wonderful: "...just one more bite, then I will close the box..."Thanks, Cornish Pasty, will be back with many others really soon!!!
4	I really enjoy eating here.  The food and drinks are always delicious, and have yet to disappoint.  The service is a bit slow but super friendly and super accommodating.  Look forward to returning.
4	Took my mom here last night for the first time. She loved it! I love the food here, but as for the service, its mediocre. Seating is kinda limited unless your at the bar or a smoker and are out on the patio. Love this place!
5	Try it.  They're amazing.
5	From the outside, it looks like any other restaurant in a strip mall.  But walk inside, and it's long black tables with benches, molted candle wax covered wine bottles and some pretty tattoo clad, pierced, rocking, and very friendly staff members.The menu explains the pastry and it's a interesting story.  I grew up with meat and potato's so I was expecting something like my mom's pot roast, but within a pastry shell.  What I didn't expect was that little bit of mint in mine.  I ordered the lamb and mint but didn't expect it to be savory and stand out, but it was good.I also tried the desert pastries, be ready to wait, they take a while to bake, but it was worth it.  Shirley Temple's pudding, sticky toffee pudding, imported British treacle, and served with creme anglaise.  We enjoyed the food, and we enjoyed the service.
1	You shouldn't leave a restaurant feeling upset and humiliated.  But we did!Earlier tonight, my son jokingly said that he wanted British food for dinner.  Having heard the stories of our adventures in England and just how bad the food was there, this is a bit of a running joke in our house.  But then I thought of all of the amazing reviews about this place on Yelp, and how we thought it might become a regular haunt for us.So we hopped in the car with our two kids and headed out.After parking, we walked up to the restaurant, where 3 people were sitting below the entry door and patio.  We went up to the door and looked around, not quite sure where to go.  There was no staff, and no obvious stand with a hostess, but I saw two empty big booths outside on the patio.  So I left my husband and two kids standing around by the door outside while I went inside.  I was greeted by the side of a bar.  Still no staff or obvious hostessing area.  I walked across the restaurant and saw a couple of empty tables, another empty table outside, and a lot of space up at the bar.  The only staff were standing at the kitchen bar area, and one girl was loading up with plates.  Still no obvious hostess.  I told the girl that we were new and had never been there before, and asked if we just seat ourselves.  She said "Yeah".  I said "Great, we'll sit outside then.  Will somebody know to come serve us?"  Again--affirmative.So I went back outside and told my husband we could sit down.  At this point, one of the two booths had been taken and so we seated ourselves at the other.  My husband grabbed menus and we were browsing the menus.  The server came and greeted us, and half way through his greeting he just walked away over by where we entered.  I saw one of the people who'd been sitting by the door pointing over at us.The server came back and told us that there was a waiting list (the three people by the door were now five).  He apologized, but we knew we were being ejected from our table.  The people at the table next to us were staring, and I was feeling guilty and humiliated that we had apparently stolen someone's table.Feeling extremely uncomfortable after both the lack of any greeting and having to track down staff AND their lack of communication, plus having other customers' eyes on us and obviously having angered the people waiting, we opted to leave.  I was feeling completely humiliated and ended up being upset for quite a while.Sooo.. they may have great food, but I really have no desire to go back.  Hopefully they can work on greeting customers and their communication issues.  Obviously it wasn't meant to be a new regular joint for us.
5	One of my favorite restaurants! I eat at Cornish Pasty at least once a month because the food is that good and the atmosphere is ago much fun. Everything on the menu is yummy, but the Reuben pasty is the best on the menu. Truly delish.
4	Had lunch here with Rand H. and Robyn N. and I had the chipotle chicken pasty and it was awesome. The garlic fries were good but not like the pasty. the next time I go there I will try a different pasty with a dessert. Dont get me wrong though the fries are good but I will need the room for dessert because they have hot sticky pudding and I was to full to try it. So I am looking forward to returning to this place.The pasties are great!!!
4	Love this place.  I think that every city should have a pasty joint!  I love the stylish yet simple decor that isn't trying too hard and the friendly and welcoming vibe you get from the minute you walk through the door.I was skeptical that this place would have much selection since after all, they were only selling pasties, but their menu features so many different kinds (I wanted to try them all!) and they even have great salads as well.  I settled on starting with a Greek salad and a peppered steak pasty, both which exceeded my expectations.  They also have a great selection of beer and wine if you look for something to quench your thirst.
4	Amazing!! Great food and lots of it!! Gotta love the huge outdoor patio too.  Definitelygonna be a regular!
2	I have heard so much about this place!   The reviews.  My co-workers and my kids rave about this place.  I really wanted to like it.  Atmosphere is great. Huge assortment.  We got our food and first bite was ok.  It was luke warm.  Mind you the place was not busy early evening before  dinner with a long wait for the food to come. THe second bite was not as warm.  The third bite was cold.  Not just cold but soggy mush cold. Some food can be eaten cold.  Pizza, Fried Chicked.  This just flat out turns you off and ruins your taste buds.  The staff after 10 minutes of trying to get them away from staring at their cell phones and the group conversation at the bar.  They blankly look at you and say,  "do you want us to heat it up?"  We were turned off. Its like reheating leftovers.  THey sent a couple home with us and we paid for our beer.  Been to several pasty places. I love them! They keep them in the oven with a much smaller choice range. So when you get they are baked throught out, hot and feel like a meat pie should taste.  Its all about quality control
4	I'm in Phoenix a handful of times a year, and typically visit chain restaurants. But, I've decided to make an honest attempt at supporting local businesses, so... thanks to Yelp, found Cornish Pasty Co! It's always kind of hard relying solely on Yelp reviews - typically, when I decide to go with a Yelp recommendation, I've heard someone mention it in conversation or I've read an article about it. I am happy to report that the rating for this place is spot on! I ordered the tikka masala pasty, and my husband ordered the reuben. Husband said it's the reuben he's ever had (though, I disagree) and my pasty was so delicious, I continued to eat it despite being overfull. Husband was very pleased with the beer he selected as well.Told my MIL about it & hope she tries it out soon, as she typically sticks with restaurants that she is familiar with. Looking forward to going back over the holidays!
5	Oh Cornish Pasty Company... your acoustics aren't great and your tables do need a bit of cleaning but your food is so delicious I see and hear nothing else. The bangers and mash pasty coupled with a side of mushy pea is quite possibly the best thing I've ever had. Top it off with great service and a beautiful atmosphere and I'm in love. I have heard that they are opening a location in Vegas and implore anyone from management reading to open a Tucson location!
5	Love this place!  Try any pasty and you won't be disappointed.
5	I would come here everyday if I could. It had a hipster edge.. Great for the beer, even better for the food. It's reminiscent for my guy who lived in Cornwall and misses the fare there.
1	My mother-in-law grew up on this type of food, so when she came to visit for Christmas, we thought this would be a fun place to take her.  The menu looked interesting and the high review scores were promising.  We went on a Thursday night and got there for a late dinner after running some other errands about 8:00.  When I first walked in, I thought they might be closing because ninety percent of the dining room was empty and had been blocked off.  But a guy by the door - who I eventually figured out worked there - said it would only be a minute for the table.  So I gave him my name and we waited.  After about 10 minutes, he came by and told us they were clearing a table.  10 minutes later he said that again.  After 30 minutes of waiting, he admitted that he had no idea when seating would be available.  We gave up and left - the Thai food next door was fantastic.If they had just been upfront and told us that most of their seating was unavailalbe, we would have placed a to-go order.  But don't say you're clearing a table if there isn't really a table...
4	I had read positive reviews of this unpretentious restaurant for a year before steering their way on a whim around my birthday. I was not disappointed. Great food, drink, and service. I had potato leek soup, bread, curried potatoes, and a lamb mint pastie. I chose a pint of 1664 followed by a Guinness, both fresh on tap. I liked the candles in bottles with heavy wax drippings . . . Except. Except the proprietors chose vodka bottles with the hammer and  sickle. No big deal if you approve of the worst mass murderers in history.  If it is supposed to be daring or chic, try swastika festooned decor; same reality.
5	So good! Perfect for comfort food! Just amazing food!
4	Went here the other day for the first time.  It was really good, and Im looking forward to going back again and trying other things.  I had the Meat and Cheese pastie with the Red Wine Gravy.  ummm YUM!  I also had a side of baked beans.  Probably the closest thing I have had to and Australian Meat Pie in years.  I am really looking forward to going back and trying sheppards pie, made with minced LAMB.  You can get to go orders as well.
5	Love this place! Great food, atmosphere, and booze!
3	Food is great, but service is horrible.  The servers are rude and it took a 30 minutes to get our drinks and another 30 for our food. I really liked this place when it first opened.  We live in the area and had hoped for this to be a regular place for us to come to eat, drink and meet friends. I hope the management fixes the problem with the service.  If you are going to try this place, I suggest you sit at the bar for better service.
5	The food at this place is so amazing!   I can't wait to go back.  I had the salmon pasty and it was a real joy to the mouth.  There were 6 in our party and all of us were very happy with our food.  My pasty was so large I could only eat half, YEAH I get to have the other half tomorrow for lunch
4	I would like to preface this review with this: I had no desire whatsoever to eat British food when I came here.  I was forced.I was told it was amazing, and Yelp reviews have very rarely steered me wrong.  I walked in and loved the decor and set up!  It was very comfortable and I did feel like I was in a British pub.  Not that I have been to Britain.  But I can imagine.I really like that they carry Quorn products.  I recently became aware of this meat-alternative and have gone a little nuts over it.  It tastes and has the same texture as real chicken.  Anyway, I digest.  I had the Quorn Chicken Pesto Pasty.Oh my gosh, it was so good!  I was not a fan of the sauce it came with, and the service was pretty slow, which is why it got four instead of five.  The person I went with had....I don't know, but it was beefy and came with the best wine sauce ever.
4	I grew up down the street from this place and it's in a strip mall I visited frequently, but I never went. I assumed it was a mom and pop place with consistently good food (it outlasted many other businesses in the complex), but maybe a little boring. My sister suggested we go there for a family dinner and I was so surprised when I walked in! Finally, a reason to check that little box for "hipster" ambience on Yelp! Every server who walked by greeted me and told me I could just take a seat, but unfortunately there was not a big enough table for my group, so we started the list, which just grew and grew as more people tried to get in for their pasties! They have great patio tables outside and long community tables and bar seats inside in their newly expanded space. It was a little dark and loud once we finally sat - not good for an overly tired infant we had in tow or my dad who has a hard time hearing in loud settings. As I mentioned, all the servers were great, except for some reason, ours. She was very rushed and unfriendly unfortunately. But, despite that, I really liked the place! They have a whole page for vegetarian pasties, but once I actually look, I wasn't too impressed that they rely heavily on Quorn (fake meat), but there were a few choices of just veggies and I could get the balsamic mushroom pasty and be happy every time! However, my mom got the same, but with chicken and thought the balsamic taste was a little strong. They ran out of their chips, so we had their coleslaw, which was good. I definitely plan on going back, maybe trying their Tempe location for their happy hour!
5	This place is amazing!  Seriously, I couldn't find one thing wrong.  An amazing beer selection, great atmosphere, super cool staff, and the food was outstanding!  So stoked to have found a new favorite that is fairly close, and yet disappointed that I've been missing out on it for so long.  Highly recommend!
5	It's this simple: how many good English Pubs with outstanding English Pasties (a folded pastry case filled with seasoned meat and vegetables) do you know of in the Valley? Exactly... If you don't know what a good English--yet conspicuously American influenced--pub is like, this is your best shot in Arizona. The food is well thought out and straight forward. Some of the Pasties may be a bit more flavorful than your traditional English oriented places but the flavors are wonderful, and I dare say, healthy. There is a Pasty for you in there somewhere! This vegetarian and vegan friendly atmosphere is a find for those who want to sit back, enjoy a pint and enjoy a candlelit evening and relax for the day. If you're looking for "vibe," you found your new place. The atmosphere reflects a relaxed and soulfully sophisticated crowd. Nothing bad to say about this place.
5	Super good comfort food with a moody laid back atmosphere. Many vegetarian options!! :)
5	As someone who does not eat nonkosher meat, Cornish pasty has a ton of vegetarian selections and a salmon selection.  Their pasties are so perfectly cooked,  so flaky, have no grease, and always taste fresh.  I always order the vegetarian traditional pasty (forgot what its called) that has fake ground meat, cheddar cheese, mashed potatoes, and peas.  It is great..  Such good flavors all mixed together in that perfect dough.  Also, it costs less than 10$!The negatives are that a pasty is not quite enough to fill me up for dinner, and they do not come with anything.  The soups are pretty good though, especially the walnut one.  I am not a fan of any of their sides that I have tried such as the oven baked chips or beans.  You are better off ordering 2 pasties and taking the leftovers home rather than ordering a pasty and a side.
5	I absolutely love this place.  They have great beers on tap and excellent food.  What more could you ask for?On my most recent trip I had the Cajun chicken pasty again but with oven chips.  The oven chips were fabulous with garlic.  The pasty was exploding with flavor.  The crust was flaky and delicious.  The filling was very delicious.  I wish we had something similar back in St. Louis as it would be a great hit.  Since my last review they have doubled in size.  The new space looks great!  If you have never been here, I highly recommend checking this place out.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Yummy Goodness!!! The Mushroom Walnut soup is Cozy Delisciousness (trust me on this) and the Hot Flaky Pasties are comfort food in a crust! Love the dark English Pub feel and the cool vibe of the place. The white candles in the old wine bottles are a nice rustic touch and add to the ambience. The one draw back is that the service can be hit or miss- but a plus is that if you don't want to be dine in you can order half-baked pasties to go for $6. I told an Australian friend I went here, and she said she had just been there a few days before and she could literally eat one of their pasties every single day. She loves them so much she wanted me to go again with her the next day!
4	Rock it!  Great food, huge portions and an enormous outdoor patio.  Definitely coming back!
5	The waitstaff is so fun /and/ good at their jobs. My waiter, Matt, was a blast & cool about special requests. Got a chance to meet the manager, Justin, to tell him how great I thought everything was. Just cool people. And the food- uhh! Amazing! Oven chips & Greek Salad (with amazing lemon pesto dressing) and PB&J pasty with ice cream- under $15! If you haven't been here- get here. There whole menu is amazing & even vegetarian-friendly.
4	Cornish Pasty Company, pronounced "Pass-tee," has two locations. The Mesa, Arizona site is the larger of them. The other location is in Tempe, Arizona, close to Arizona State University and the size of a small hallway. Both offer the same menu, but the wait time for seating is better in Mesa. The only negative is that it takes a long time for the food to come, once ordered. However, the wait is worth it.  The food is tasty and priced low and everything is homemade, from the grinding of the various meats to the rolling of the pastry.
5	This is absolutely one of my favorite places to go eat and have as take out.  I have almost tried everything on the menu here, and though I have my favorites, I have never disliked one pasty, salad, soup or dessert I have tried.  The food can take a long to come out if you go when it's busy, but with the large beers they offer the wait doesn't seem so bad.  My go to pasty is the Cajun, it got a bit of spice but it's amazing.  For the non-meat eaters they make two different types of vegan pastys daily but they can run out in the evenings so it's a good idea to call ahead if that's what you are looking to have.  They also have a lot of vegetarian options, all of which are delicious!  And if you are a sweets person the banoffee is a very sweet, graham cracker crusted, caramel filled dessert topped with whip cream and bananas (or strawberries if you request them).  Like it said its VERY sweet and big enough to share, but it's worth the calories.The atmosphere and seating at the Mesa location are great, especially with the new expansion.  They have the place mostly lit by dim lights and candles which makes it a fun place to have date nights or even just go for drinks.  This place is awesome!
5	Woke up on Saturday and decided I needed to try something new that I have never had before. So I turned to the fine Yelpers I have come to know and love and found Cornish Pasty with the highest reviews in Mesa. Off I went having no clue what I was in for and never having had "British" food. I have now found my new favorite obsession!!! We ordered two Pasty to share... the italian and the spicy chicken asagio. Both were my favorite! They were stuffed with lots of ingredients and came with sauces and were very tasty. We also got the oven chips with garlic and jalapeno. I think these are the best "chips" I have had anywhere hands down. We wanted more but were stuffed! However, not too stuffed to go for dessert. We shared the banana/carmel/graham cracker crust/whip cream pie. And wanted to lick the plate clean and fought like 2 year olds over the last bite! While it was large enough for two people and probably three people, it was so good that I think next time we will start with dessert!Love the atmosphere here as well. Really unique and we don't have much around Mesa that really transports you to another place. I can't wait to go back and have found my new obsession!
5	We HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this awesome place!  We both had the Chicken Greek Pasty...delicious! A very unique place to eat at. Cannot wait to go back to try something else on their menu. Try to go here!
5	This place is amazing! Family friends took us recently when we were wanting to try something new. The combination of meals inside a baked pastry was definitely unique. I had the peppered steak pasty and my husband had the pot pie. We were full after eating half but it was so good we finished once we licked our plates clean! My husband was also thrilled with their large beer selections.make room for dessert or take it to go! The banana and the strawberry deserts are u like anything we have ever tasted! Will definitely be returning to try all the variety of pastries available!
1	This place has a reputation for hiring only douchebags for waiters and they totally lived up to it. I wish I could tell you about the food but after almost an hour without getting any, we decided to leave. I don't think that a restaurant concept of rude service is a good one. Good service is important and this place totally failed on it.
5	It was so good the first time that I had to go back a second time the next day! I had never had a pasty before and I am now a huge fan. Great selection of filling that just about anyone should be able to find one they will like. I loved the music they had playing, unique atmosphere, and really great service both days. The Pasty takes a little while to cook but it well worth the wait. Their version of fries with garlic, jalapeno, or both are also a tasty treat to add though the pasty is really filling on it's own. I can't wait to go back and try all the different ones on the menu!
2	WORST SERVICE EVER. We'll get to that later. First off, they have a good beer selection and cool atmosphere, and it's worth checking the place out. The food is okay. It's a neat gimmick, but when it comes down to it, they're just fancy hot pockets. And they're not even that fancy. They are greasy and salty though, in a good way, so they go well with beer. All that said, I've been to the location at Dobson and Guadalupe on several occasions, and each time the service is just awful. This last time, I had two guests show up at different times, both had to wait more than 15 minutes before anyone asked them if they wanted anything. These delays continued throughout the visit, and more than once our server just completely forgot to put our orders in. "Oh, dude, I totally forgot. Huh-huh." Later, we all ordered food to go... The pasties came in the same bag (for three different parties), and none were labelled, so we had to send them back to figure out what's what. And get more bags. This visit was typical of every time I've been there. I'll probably go back, but it will be grudgingly.
4	Cornish Pasty is great for lunch with friends.They have a couple of locations locally here in the Phoenix area and are quickly expanding elsewhere too. (I've heard they are opening a location in Las Vegas).  For those who don't know what Pastys are, they are pastries filled with meats and other ingredients and baked.  Sort of like a calzone, but not pizza related.I usually end up getting the Italian pasty - it's filled with pepperoni, salami, capocollo, ham, fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, and roasted tomatoes and served with a side of marinara.  They have plenty of other options too like The Porky, Shepperd's Pie, Cajun Chicken, Lovely Bit of Salmon, and The Pilgrim to name a few.Making changes or substitutions to the pastys won't really pay off for you because the pastys are pre-made that day and, if you need anything removed or added to yours, they will need to make a brand new one and it takes a lot longer to get it baked and out to you.  They will gladly make the substitutions, just be ready to wait for it.Traditionally, the Cornish Pasty locations have had super small dining rooms, but this location just expanded into the space next door and it's really opened up a lot of additional seating.We have stopped going to Cornish Pasty with our son because of the amount of time it takes to get the food delivered to the table.  This is not the fault of the restaurant, (the service is usually really good) the pastys just have to bake for awhile and our 18 month old son gets antsy and is done with sitting in the highchair before the food arrives.  It hasn't stopped us from going to Cornish Pasty, we just don't go with him anymore.
4	We've been to the Tempe CPC a lot and just love the huge variety and the friendly staff. We were so excited that a new one opened in Mesa, which is a bit closer to our house. I haven't eaten there yet, but picked up "to go" twice. Everyone is so friendly and nice. Each time I've had to wait beyond the 20 minutes I was told, but each time my order is spot-on, hot and tasty. Now with the new bar in we're looking forward to coming in for a pint and a pasty.
4	Great food. Awesome atmosphere. Killer staff. Went in on a weekday around 5ish and was seated promptly and a waitress came right away. Was hoping to get a better happy hour special than I did, but that wasn't the reason I was there. Ordered the lamb shepards pie pasty and was blown away. The little red wine gravy was mind blowing as well. I'll definitely be heading back here more often.
5	This place NEVER disappoints...SO GOOD!!!
4	Probably not the best idea to bring children, however they are accommodating!
4	What a great unique place! Great atmosphere! It's as authentic as it gets! After living in Ireland and traveling around Europe this has a divine find. English food is good..don't believe me try this place! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the service is OK at best.
5	l love this roomy, pubby, delicious restaurant. Tried the Shepards Pie Pasty and it was really good (Rueben still wins). The joint was jumping on a Wednesday night which happens to be "reduced price Guiness night".  I like the hipster vibe and  can't wait to turn others onto it.
4	Don't go here! It is so good! Tried the cottage pie, which is beef compared the mbbaah pie. These are pretty good size pastries.....so watch out skinny peeps. While you are eating these....try some Communist vodka....it will make you a Boris in no time.Great vibe inside....almost hipsterish....
4	When I use to work in London, I always looked forward to having a pint at the end of the day with my friends. Besides their incredible food, Cornish Pasty has the feel that reminds me very much of an English pub. The food is the real star here, but the beers they have on tap are outstanding. One of my favorite, is the north London brewer Fuller's Extra Special Bitter(ESB). It's fresh, tasty and took me back to the City pubs of my youth. Granted the beer back then was warmer. LOLAs we sat waiting for our server, you could see everyone was happy to be here. We sat near the bar, to the right of where the cooks are preparing the meals. Pretty soon all those dozen or so bar stools were taken. There was a lot of laughing. Folks being happy at the end of the work week and enjoying each others company. What a great atmosphere!We started with the 20 oz/ pint of the Fuller's ($6.00) that I mentioned (photo) and glass of the Leitz Out ($6.50) Riesling. Both hit the spot nicely. For dinner we ordered the Bangers and Mash pasty, along with the Rosemary Chicken pasty and shared some English Oven garlic chips ($3.50). I believe the chicken might have been the better of the two pasty, but not by much!Both, had a sophisticate layering of flavors, that were subtle and very nice.  In the hands of a different Chef, you could see how the flavors might have overwhelm the palette. But not here. Surprising they were only $9.00 each. Incredible. For dessert, we shared the Chocolate Bread Pudding ($6.00) and the Apple Carmel Pasty ($5.00). Both were also delicious. Each of the above items were very filling. We couldn't finish them, or the desserts. So we had four "to go" boxes for later. I've posted several pictures and we really had a fun time.  Our bill came to a fair $49.07 including taxes, but before gratuities. We'll be back. Enjoy!
5	Cornish Pasty food & service:  5/5  The Romper Room Effect 0/5We had a late lunch around 1:30 on Easter Sunday and our server was great!  The receipt said his name was Johnny Cakes.  Somehow I doubt that's totally accurate, but hey....if it is, you go Johnny!  He was friendly and laid-back and took great care of us.  The pasties were great, as usual, and we also tried a side of their curry potatoes which were delicious!  If you like curry, these are cubed, perfectly roasted potatoes with a few roasted tomato bits as well.  They complimented the pasties and beer perfectly and I would definitely order them again.I know it was a Sunday.  I know it was Easter Sunday, but the amount of kids screaming and running around was appalling.   Take them to the park.  Take them home.  One inconsiderate mommy was wandering around carrying her beer, half-heartedly trying to corral Screamy and Sticky and if I heard her say one of the kid's names once, I heard her say it 400 times.  (Names changed to protect the inconsiderate).  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Ad nauseam.  He's obviously not listening, but hey, get your buzz on.  Who cares.  Several children were crying loudly and the ones that were running around were frequently in the way of the entrance and patrons coming and going.  Ridiculous.When I'm managing my own restaurant I will politely pack their food up to go and give them clearly printed directions to the two or three nearest parks.   Letting your kids run around like wild animals is rude and inconsiderate and it's dangerous.  These are the same asshats who will sue you when their sweaty, foaming at the mouth kid falls and hurts themselves.  Send them to the park.
5	This place is AMAZING! This was our first time here today after having countless people tell us we NEEDED to try it.  We sat at the bar this afternoon and were really the only ones there but our bartender totally rocked, he gave us tons of recommendations for drinks, pasties and desert. You could see he was clearly busy making drinks for the whole bar but he paid tons of attention to us and made sure everything was taken care of. I wish I remembered his name but none the less, awesome. I ordered the Chicken Alfredo Pasty...nothing what I expected but it was definitely more than what I expected, it was so delicious! We also got an order of the garlic chips....wow is all I can say about those. We obviously had to try the deserts our bartender recommended the bread and butter pudding....holy crap....die and go to heaven good. We will clearly be back again, and hopefully have the same bartender we had this afternoon. The atmosphere is great, the food is amazing, and the service was awesome! I will be telling friends about this place for a while. Chive On!
5	I have literally been wanted to go to Cornish Pasty Co for 4 years - but we rarely travel to the SE side of AZ since we are in the very NW valley. Since we are moving to Gilbert we've been traveling down there to look at houses and finally we were able to eat at this establish meantOMG was it super super good! My husband and I shared to Pasties: Meat and Cheese and the Chicken Pesto. There are no words for these delicious treats except yum yum yum! Not to mention we had a great server and many delightful dipping sauces (btw their thousand island was better than any i've ever had!)We also had the Shirley Temple dessert - very tasty and a nice end to the mealI'm sure we will be frequent visitors to this great place :)
3	So we got here around 7:15pm, we ordered around, it took them around 50 min for them to get our food out. But the food was really good. They were kind of slamed, but we also were sitting outside. So I'm thinking if you sit outside your service will be a little slower. So I would suggest you never sit outside.
5	My mini late night w/ my hubby. Was the best experience that we had there. Our server Jesse was the the best server that we had for the many times we came. Food is delish.  Tonight we had something different, the salmon salad. Normally I'm not a fan of salad, but I think next time i gotta have it again. I always come for the mushroom, walnut and spinach soup every time. It's a gotta have for me and so is the  car bombs, but tonight I'm addicted to the body bomb. It's lighter in taste. It's perfect!  It's not as rich as the orig. car bomb. Thanks Jesse for the recommendation.
4	Solid food and beer.  Basically everything is stuffed and baked inside a pastry.  Like super beef wellingtons!  We had the Indian one, the southwest one, the steak one, and a veggie one.  The veggie was a little heavy on the cheese, but the others were just right.  Sauces were acceptable but not spectacular.  Overall, solid.
5	Great food, great beer. Food is made fresh! I had the lamb vindaloo pasty. Also ordered garlic jalapeno chips. My daughter had mashed potatoes, she loved those too! Wonderful, cozy feel in the place too. Love the candles in the liquor bottles.
4	I've never had a British style pasty but this place offers a unique twist on it aside from the traditional ones. Make sure you come hungry and have an empty stomach, these pasties will satisfy your hunger.I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken which was an Awesome flaky, buttery pastry type crust stuffed with chicken, asiago cheese, black beans, hatch chiles, roasted corn, and tomatoes. The crust was thin, flaky, and buttery that seemed to defy how it could itself together with all those fillings. I appreciate that it wasn't doughy like other types of stuffed pastries, strombollis, calzones, etc. and it seemed to strike the balance between the crust and the fillings.Although it may be typical for a pasty be aware of any of the ones that have potatoes as part of the filling. I tried their version of the chicken pot pie and my taste buds only remembered the heaviness of starch and more starch with the crust and roasted potatoes and the chicken seemed to be lost in all that. I was kind of bummed they ran out of oven fries. I was looking forward to that.Overall, a very unique and delicious experience.
5	This is the kind of place that every time I have people from out of town, I'll take them there and I know they will love it. The ambiance is really nice, it reminds me of Austin's unique restaurants. Food is excellent, service is consistent and their Mushroom, walnut and spinach soup is to die for. Highly recommended!
4	Food is always wonderful. When I call in pick up it is always ready on time. Been there quite a few times never disappointed.
2	Like the food. Service SUCKED!! 2nd time in the place. Took my wife here after church on Sunday. Walked in. No greeter, no sign to sit yourself, no nothing. Um..ok. So...what do we do? You need to have someone at the front door at all times...Or at least a sign that says seat yourself.Sat at the table for 10 minutes. No acknowledgement. No menus. Just a Jamison candle bottle that we played with. Had to ask some random person sweeping if she had menus. Really? Another 10 minutes, what would you like for a drink? Are you our waitress? I don't know if your another sweeper or somebody else playing a joke on us. Acknowledge your table!! How difficult is that? Training of the employees has got to be number one and sadly its the food number one. Bummer.Maybe it was just a Sunday afternoon kind of thing, but our waitress could care less. First time in here? Thanks for coming back! No questions, no nothing. At least ask my wife...I really like the food but it does nothing for me when you can't get simple service right. We will not be back. We've had friends that have been there in the last two-3 months and say the same thing. Food is great. Service is horrible. It's not just me saying this. Fix some things and care a little bit more about your diners...I hope you make it to the 5 year mark. I'm willing to try again but it's got to be better on the 3rd time otherwise your a waste of time.Two starts cause the food is actually good. -2 cause of the 19 year old waitresses with their junk hanging out of their bras.
3	So I have to review this place because I adore the food. Sooooo good. They have an awesome beer selection and a completely unique vibe. I love so many of  their pasties, I feel guilty repeating one. Weird, I know. I love the $3 Sunday mimosas. I love the pews. I love the greasy Jameson bottles covered in wax. I love the old doors as tables. I love that the wait staff doesn't wear a lame uniform. I love that you can sit at the bar and watch them prepare food. I love their outside patio. So much to love....all that said, this place has some of the worst service I have ever experienced. The wait staff is neither trained nor professional. They range from indifferent to down right rude. I'd like to say the poor service was a one time thing. Nope. Crappy service here is more dependable than the mail.  I give this place millions of chances because the food is so yummy but I'm nearing the end of my tenure as a customer of the Mesa location of Pasty.Maybe Tempe will be better to me. I hope so. I think I may have to say goodbye to Mesa.
5	I use to live walking distance to this place and I went once a week! I have tried almost all of the pasties and they are super delicious. My all time favorite is the Portobello Chicken one! I miss this place the service is great and the food is amazing!!!
4	i had peppered steak , it was amazing ,I love the fry chocolate dessert as well . definitely will go back !
2	Good: The atmosphere is pretty cool. It's laid back and the music selection on rotation is pretty decent.Bad: The music is way too loud, and you can't hold a conversation without shouting. The staff are kind of disinterested and borderline rude. Prices are a bit high for essentially getting a gourmet Hot Pocket; and wasn't worth coming back for in my opinion.Other Thoughts: I can't help but hate hearing, "Cornish Pasty Co." or "Pasty" when my co-workers refer to this place. To me it comes off very "hipstery" and campy.
5	Greek Salad with pesto dressing is awesome! Walnut soup was delicious too. The Italian pasty is my favorite. Good red sauce!
4	love the atmosphere cant wait to go back after the remodeling is done
5	In a land of endless Chipotle and Red Lobster locations the Cornish Pasty Co is a true GEM! I stopped here while traveling for work from the Pacific NW and then it was well worth the hype (and the wait!)  I ordered the Greek Veggie Pasty and Curried potatoes my meal was sheer perfection!
5	OMG!!!  The Cajun Chicken and Apple Pasty are to die for!!!!!
3	This isn't an entirely fair review because I only had dessert. The apple caramel pasty was quite tasty.  My companions greatly enjoyed their meals as well.   Husband was disappointed at the lack of "authentic" pasties (read: organs) but I was grateful to have avoided the awkward situation of asking him to take his meal across the street and eat it on the sidewalk. Cute place, good service.  My only issue was that it was rather loud and difficult to hear each other..
5	Tremendous!  My girl is a vegetarian, and it is always a super thrill to find a location that does veggie dishes well and uniquely.  Tried 2 of the special veggie pasties with the quorn meat substitute. HOLY COW! So good! So excited to find a place as cute as this is and as funky cool.  They have a patio right outside and very eclectic decor.  I can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu.  The location used to house a little family owned italian restaurant, so this was a welcomed change to a location that needed some updating.  And they are open until 12am for all you late night people that want different food. Excellent work to the proprietors!
5	Just had dinner at our new favorite dinning spot in Mesa... The Cornish Pasty Company.  Not only is the food DELICIOUS,  you also get great service and a friendly place to visit.  I guarantee you will be back as often as possible.  I would highly recommend a visit to enjoy an evening out with friends or family.  And don't forget to ask for Aaron, if he has time ask him to preform some magic.  I can also suggest that for desert, get the chocolate bread pudding with ice creme.  Had a fun time this evening... can't wait to be back.
5	Went back again. This time the meat pasty! WOW! So good. Inhaled it in like 5 minutes.  Our new favorite spot! Can't say enough good things.
5	I still love this place.  Got addicted by going to the one by ASU.  The expanded dining area at this one is really nice.  As always $3 car bombs, ginormous beers with a good selection, and pasties is a winning combination.  Recently had the Reuben.  It was super good.  And then there is my old Lamb Vindaloo and Bangers & Mashed favorites.  I actually like too many to usually even stray from the few that I've had an loved.
5	I loved this place!  Shared the Balsamic Portobello and Vegetarian "Chicken" Tikka pastries with my vegetarian English friend - SO delicious!  She said it wasn't too authentic (since pastys are usually just 1 flavor of meat or something haha) but the concept and selection was even better than what she had had in England!It's basically a giant hand-held [chicken[ pot pie/calzone with yummier crust.  It took a really long time to get the food out - but waiter was really friendly and their English cider was yum and strong!  They have Wi-Fi but I never could get the correct password...  Also there's only one toilet per restroom which seems weird to me since there's a huge bar inside the restaurant...where do all the drunk bladders go!?Would definitely go again if I'm ever randomly in Mesa :)
5	My dinner was absolutely fantastic! I had the shepherds pie pasty which was extremely delicious. It was nice and hot coming out and smelled amazing. The environment is a little dark...but it is a bar so I guess that is what you'll get ha. Will definitely be back!
5	I didn't know what to expect and was totally blown away! Great beer selection, and the food was fantastic. It was like a movie that you don't expect to be that great but becomes your favorite. I am looking for opportunities to get back to the East side of town so we can eat here again. (Come hungry, the portions are also large).
5	I recently moved back to Arizona from the bay area and have become somewhat of a food snob.  Berkeley, Oakland, San Francisco, Piedmont... they all had so many amazing restaurants to offer.  Cornish Pasties could be uprooted and planted smack dab in any one of the aforementioned cities (or any other in Northern California for that matter) and they would blow the competition away.Since moving home, I've eaten and/or had drinks here about a half a dozen times.  That's about once a week.  They have salads, pasties, and desserts that are to die for!  I love the vegetarian cottage pie with whatever that amazeballs sauce on the side is as well as the banana/whip cream dessert (the name is slipping my mind at the moment).  The first time I visited Pasties, my friend and I split the pasta salad.  It was big enough to share and so delicious!  Do not visit Cornish Pasties if you are in a rush.  Remember the phrase, "good things come to those that wait?"  You will need to keep it in mind here.  They are baking thick ass pastries for cheese and rice's sake.  Calm down and wait for one of the best culinary moments of your life.DO come here if you'd like to receive attentive and fun service!  Every time we've come in, we've received some of the most laid back yet knowledgeable service the valley has to offer.Bottom Line... a must try!  Thanks for being so awesome!
5	So I went for my first time and WOW!!!  I was nervous that it was going to be crowded and the service would be slow...not at all!!  Our waitress was very attentive and the food was out quickly!  I had the pasta salad as an appetizer and it was to die for!  For my pasty I had the carne adovada...amazing!!!  I cant wait to go back!!
4	One of my favorite local places to eat!  I try to take a new person there every time I go so I can spread the Cornish Pasty love.  I haven't tried a pasty that I don't like with the exception of the tikka masala.  I love tikka masala otherwise, but in a pasty it just didn't taste right.  I also don't like that since all pasty's are premade you can't substitute or take out any ingredients you might not like.   That being said, this place is amazing and you have to check it out.
4	Now with vegan pasties- yum!
4	I visited this restaurant with a group of friends.  We were promptly greeted and the service was good.  I liked the food "OK" but these pastys are not made fresh while you wait - so no substitutions of ingredients are allowed.  Also, you don't get one or two sides included with your pasty, so you will end up spending a good deal of money if you want to sample some of the excellent side dishes.  The mushroom and walnut soup was excellent, as was the fresh bread.
4	We finally made it back here to give them another try.  Service was...eh...but they were seriously packed, so it's understandable. We took our two rueben pasties to go and damn did they hit the spot! They were fantastic! We'll definitely keep going back! Also, I'm not sure how long ago this happened but they expanded. The restaurant is twice the size now. Which is great because now we can try eating there instead of bringing it home.
4	I went to the Cornish Pasty Company for the first time today on recommendation from a friend who loves the restaurant.  I ordered the "Mexican" which was absolutely delicious.  The spices, steak, potatoes, cheese were all perfectly balanced.  The pasty came with a side of salsa and sour cream, but the pasty was just perfect as is.  No salsa or sour cream needed.  My husband ordered the pesto chicken.  It was pretty good.  I sampled his item and he ate part of mine.  His was pretty good, but we both agreed that the Mexican was the best.  Like with the Mexican, the pasty came with marinara sauce.  I tried it, but it overwhelmed the wonderful flavor of the chicken and pesto.  Plus, the marinara sauce and the salsa both tasted like they came out of a jar, so to put them on a pasty seemed not right at all.  We also ordered the garlic oven chips (fries)--first mistake!  I LOVE garlic and add it in just about everything I eat.  The fries were just too overwhelming with salt and garlic.  We could not eat them.  We took them home to our teenagers, who eat anything, and they agreed that they were too salty and had too much garlic.  I am quite certain, based on my friend's review, that my fries/chips were accidentally dosed with extra garlic.  She claims they were the best, but mine were not edible.  After trying the fries, I did not like the mashed potatoes either which tasted like they had too much garlic.  They probably didn't, but it was hard to get the garlic flavor out of my mouth.  I sampled the potatoes within 5 minutes of them arriving, and they were just warm.  The cheese on top had already hardened.  I think that definitely took away from the potatoes.  Like with the fries, we brought the potatoes home, and the teens ate them no problem and claimed that they did not have too much garlic.  As for us adults, we will definitely order a pasty or two again.  I will probably try the garlic chips again just because my friend can't be wrong.... and maybe those potatoes too.  Hopefully they will come out with melted, gooey cheese next time.
5	This place is amazing. Love the atmosphere. Drink selection is good. The decor is ol church pews with doors for tables. Great date place.  The food truly stands out. Im a purist so i love the simple Bangers N Mash.   Eat here you will not regret it.
5	Consistently friendly and attentive service is only outdone by the tasty and original menu. Cornish's pasties always hit the spot and the menu is vegetarian-friendly. They have a great selection of pasties, sides, and beers. My family always leaves happy with a full stomach and intact wallet. They've got a great thing going here!
4	A fancy hot pocket made with fresh ingredients in a wide selection of choices. They don't do custom orders, your pasty comes as is. I've tried a bulk of them, but the cajun chicken continues to be my fav, it's just spicy enough. Sunday is all day happy hour and the beer selection is pretty nice too. I only wish they had a hostess, almost every time I go there, I've been sat at a table that had more people coming so my group wouldn't fit.
4	My good friend brought me here during a visit earlier this year.  Interesting concept and pretty good!  I had never had a pasty before and it kind of reminded me of a cross between a pot pie and a calzone.  But it was definitely better than the pot pies I remembered from Maries Calendar's!  It was delicious!  It gets crazy busy in the evening, so I suggest getting there early.
5	Yelp helped us again!! This restaurant was great. great beer great staff.Great Quiet outdoor seating hard to locate its technically on the cross street  A pasty  is basically individual pies filled with meats and vegetables that are cooked together. I cant waint for the Las Vegaslocation to open!!! Definately great value staff everything I highly recommend!!Great wholesome meal!!
5	With the plethora of various Asian, Mexican, and other Central American cultural food places that scatter the valley, Cornish Pasty Co. was a much needed deviation from the typical outing. Until eating here I had never actually tried "authentic" British food, but I'm sure glad I did!  Both the atmosphere and the taste made eating here amazing. Perhaps it's because I am a part of the younger generation, but I am frequently drawn to restaurants that have a simple, modern aesthetic. The softly lit and rustic feel of Cornish Pasty co. fulfilled this desire to the brim. Not only did the atmosphere make it enjoyable (a wonderfully mellow alternative rock playlist wavered overhead), but the kindness and charisma of the servers helped as well. They weren't afraid to chat you up as you ordered, but knew to not overstep their boundaries. Finally, there is the food (mmmm yes. The FOOD.) As I mentioned, I had not indulged in what might be called culturally British food before. Because of this I played it safe and ordered the chipotle chicken pasty, whose name rang familiar with my southern grown tastebuds. What followed was a tasty adventure. The portions are well suited for the type of food, and I finished just as I started feeling full. The pasty itself was delicious, a great combination of meat that reminded me of the lovechild of a calzone and a spanakopita. But what sealed the deal was the sauce. Each pasty comes with a flavor specific sauce to accompany it and it was not something I felt I could do without. So here's a recap: Tasty, good atmosphere, friendly servers, delicious sauce. 5 Stars.
5	Love love love!Haven't had a pasty I didn't like from this place!Pros:-Great/friendly staff-Lots of good options to explore on the menu (including vegetarian options)-Nice variety of beers and decent  happy hour specials-Fun/down-to-earth feelCons:-You essentially seat yourself, which can get tricky if you're going with a large group. The staff is usually accommodating, though, and will try to find space to fit your entire party.-I don't believe you can really "customize" your pasty (i.e. switching the type of meats)My favorite is the Royale with Cheese. Get it with the both homemade BBQ sauce AND the thousand island sauce. It's basically a cheeseburger in pasty form and it's oh so good. Another favorite is the Pilgrim--sweet potatoes, chicken/turkey, and you HAVE to get it with the side of cranberry sauce. Delicious.
5	Awesome Awesome Awesome. order a Pasty, any Pasty. if you want it customized, call them ahead of time! get it to go! grab a drink, get an irish car bomb for 3 bucks all day everyday. have a unique experiance with a unique dessert and atmosphere. much love. totally Hipster.
4	What a cool place to hang out and enjoy some great beer and great food!
4	My aunt was excited to take us here for her birthday. Yup, take us out for HER birthday. She said she want us to try this place because it has authentic British food and if we don't like it, we can go somewhere else... ??? She said theres two location and she always go to the one in Tempe but she yelped and saw that the Mesa location isn't as packed as the one in Tempe. Upon arrival, I realized I've eaten here once before. Nothing too crazy but not bad either [: I just remembered that their fries are called 'chips' instead. We were lucky and got seated right away for a party of 8. Of course we ordered the chips, some with garlic and some without and each of us got a different pasty to try. There was just so much options I couldnt pick from, so I asked the waitress which ones were her favorite and I settled for the Salmon one. Eh..Chips with and without garlic were a bit on the salty side.Salmon pasty- a bit too fishyItalian pasty - my favorite! If I would have ordered this, maybe I would like this place more.Cajun chicken - my second favorite, even got one to go for my mom ;]Chicken alfredo - I felt like the chicken were a bit on the dry side.Hamburger pasty - Makes great leftover! Microwaved and eaten with A1 steak sauce !I don't remember the names of the other ones but my sister got a mexicanish flavor and I didnt even bother to try because I dont really like that flavour. BUT the thing that made our night was the dessert!!! If you come here, make sure you leave room for some dessert pasty!Of course we were all full but my aunt gave glowing reviews about the dessert and we decided to try out some. Unfortunately because of the monsoon season in Arizona right now which makes it more humid (is that possible???), there were no strawberry meringes, so we stuck with the apple pasty and the PBJ with banana pasty.Oh my, the apple was my favorite of the two because of the caramel sauce they filled it with. Heaven in your mouth. The PBJ was not bad either. I just wish they put more banana in it because the bites with the banana were the best. They have actual pieces of peanuts in there also which gave it a nice crunch. All in all, I dont mind eating here again.
5	1. Oven chips with garlic and jalepenos.2. Any of the soups3. Any of the Pasties4. BANOFEE PIE!!BOOM. done.PS. My favorite soup is the Mushroom, Walnut, Spinach; my favorite pasty is the Royale with Cheese with thousand island dressing. Yes it's pretty much a bacon cheeseburger with fries but the pasty crust just makes it oh so much better. I also give the $3 car bombs a thumbs up.
5	I had their Reuben, and it was juicy, tender, and unique. I will definitely come back for more and possibly try their dessert next time.
5	Great atmosphere good beer and great food. Loved the building a lot of fun.
2	The first time I came here I was wowed!  But this time not so much.....The service was terrible I mean terrible and it wasn't even busy.  What was even more maddening is that I saw the servers in the bar area chatting and messing around while all of us were waiting.  The entire time we were there we saw our waitress twice once to order and once when we asked for our check from someone else.  I couldn't even get a glass of water. While the food is good and the beer is great all surrounded by a great atmosphere the manager needs to make sure his or her staff is working for the customer instead of flirting with the other staff.
5	Cornish Pasty is definitely one (or two) of a kind. This place has a vibe that nowhere else does in the area. Almost reminiscent of a downtown hangout, this Pastys is pretty hipster, but in a good way. TONS of great beers are always on tap and their pasties are amazing. If you've never had one, its almost like a pizza pocket filled with a deliciousness of your choice. A great place for a night out with the girls, guys, or both.Overall, head to CP for some good beer and a yummy pasty.
5	I've never had a bad trip here. They have a great selection of beer, and everything on the menu is amazing. If you're not familiar with Cornish pasties, they're basically homemade hot pockets. The gobbler is my favorite, but treat these things like Pokemon and try them all! :)
5	Lucky Mesa. You have a Cornish Pasty Company! Today, we visisted the Mesa location, and it's quite different than the Tempe locale. Quite nice, in fact. There are two large patio's and this location (Mesa) is huge! My hubby, the Brit, ordered "Scotch Eggs" which is a hard-boiled egg, wrapped in sausage, and quickly deep-fried. It's served with a mustard sauce, and a little salad on the side. My hubby was in Heaven. We both ordered a cup of soup and a pasty. I had the tomato and it was delish. My hubby's gave me dish-envy: Leek, potato and Stilton cheese...OMG! Try it! I had my normal "Porky" Pasty, and my hubby had the "Lamb and Mint" pasty. Both were served with that yummy gravy on the side, and both were fabulous!! I can't say enough about these restaurants. They are both consistently wonderful food, play awesome music, and are an overall PERFECT experience!
5	This place is simply awesome, I haven't tried a pasty I haven't liked yet.  Service is always friendly, and it's always happening at this awesome local restaurant.  Try the Royale with Cheese, simply awesome!!!
5	Absolutely LOVE this place. Everything is fresh, everything is really awesome. I go here on a regular. Chicken alfredo pasty with a side of alfredo sauce is amazing. Bannoffee pie is out of this world. Garlic oven chips are a perfect snack, and the tomato soup is to die for! The expansion of the chandler store is great! Always happy, even thiugh the service can get a little rediculous when its busy!
5	It's weird, I always have the most difficult time choosing a pasty because they always sound so amazing.  Well this time,  it was different, it was like I opened the menu with my eyes closed and dropped my finger to the item at random...The Royale with Cheese!From top to bottom I loved it all.  The medium cooked hamburger, grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon, a cheddar swiss blend and French fries all wrapped up in a golden pastry with 1000 island for dipping.  I even requested a second side of 1000 island because it was a match made in heaven.  I don't throw that phrase around that easily so when I say it.....believe me, I mean it.  The atmosphere always puts me in a mood...you know that mood you get into when you don't care about anything...especially time.  And that's a good thing because you are in for typically a 20 minute wait while your pasty.  That's why I always order  their large Hoegaarden...it definitely adds to that mood.  I can't decide which locations I like...but so far...if I am in an outdoors mood I go to the Tempe location and if I am in the mood for indoors I go to Mesa.  Both have great music playing in the background...sometimes Zeppelin, or Iron Maiden, or Judas Priest...that sort of music.  Their seating consists of either large picnic type tables, great for large groups or belly up to the bar to eat and drink and be entertained.  If you like to people watch..I recommend eating at the bar where you can watch the magic. Overall the experience is nothing short of fantastic every single time so please...never change.  But who am I to tell you what to do and what not to do.  I look forward to my next trip and the new Spicy Barbecue Chicken Pasty.  It sounds amazing.
4	I hate to use the term "hipster" but that is all I can think about when referring to Cornish Pasty.  The ambiance is one of a kind.  My all time favorite.  I feel like a completely different person when I'm sitting in side.  It has somewhat of a publike feel, with long wooden benches as seating inside - great way to meet strangers, a long bar area, and a huge patio section.I'd have to say, if you're trying this place out for the first time, go for dinner! The ambiance is quite different and has a dark mysterious factor that I really enjoy.  There aren't really any lights other than the kitchen.  To add to the mysterious effect, each table is lit with a long white candle placed on an old empty wine shaped bottle.The restaurant comes with a full bar, as well a huge specialty beer menu.  They even have decently priced Irish car bombs. The service is amazing, as all the staff is very friendly and down to earth.  But don't expect fast service- the food there is made to order, which is a great time to explore and cultivate yourself with a new flavor of beer. If you're a Pasty virgin, it's like a really fancy hot pocket.  Someone first described to to me like a calzone, which I think lessened my first experience, because I had completely different expectations.  However, it didn't fully ruin my experience because I still loved it. Cornish Pasty has a HUGE menu selection for pasties.! With over 40 different styles, there isn't something that won't strike your fancy.  They have their Signature, Premium, and Vegetarian Pasties.  You're bound to struggle trying to decide what best suits you at that moment.It's been a while since my first couple of visits to Cornish Pasty so I don't remember what I tried.  But the last time around I ordered the Peppered Steak; Sirloin steak, sauteed portabella mushrooms, leeks, roasted zucchini, and Stilton cheese- with a side of peppercorn brandy cream sauce.I have to say, their sauces are to die for.  Nothing I can compare it to.I've read a lot about their desserts, but I have yet to try it. Every time I venture out to this spot, I'm full by the time I'm done with half my pasty.But I'm determined to try their Apple Caramel Pasty next time.  I hear it's all the rage.
5	Try the broccoli and cauliflower bake. .. to die for!
4	I really loved the food. I recommend the chicken tikka pasty, so tasty. I was not fan of their lighting however did give it publike feel. I'm glad I tried it out.
3	I wish there was a way to leave two different sets of stars. My 2/5 will hopefully get their attention. I was glad to see that the restaurant is doing well and remodeled their two locations with more locations coming soon. The food at Cornish Pasty is impeccable. I always bring friends and family visiting here to try the unique cuisine. I like to explain it as 'gourmet hot pockets'. I haven't ordered a thing I didn't like. I know it can be hard for picky eaters since there are no substitutions but thankfully I don't have that problem. Their soups are amazing, all made in house. The peppered steak and chicken and rice soup are my two favorite dishes. The Mesa location recently added some new appetizers and I can't wait to try them all. Very disappointed to find that Tempe didn't add them to the menu yet. The atmosphere, music, and excellent drink selection is another aspect I love about this place. It's good for dates as well. $5 mid shelf and always $3 Irish Car bombs with lots of microbrews on draft? YES PLEASE. The one thing I hate about Cornish Pasty, and the reason why I give it 2/5 is the SERVICE SUCKS. It must be a requirement to be a hipster with 5+ visible tattoos/piercings with a poor work effort. You even get a raise for having poor personal hygiene! I've been eating at Cornish Pasty for 5 years and have never received good service. Last time I ate at the mesa location the service had improved a lot, unfortunately I went to Tempe a week later and had awful service. I could go into detail about the awful service, forgetting ordered items, being ignored and the general distasteful appearance of the staff. I don't mind tattoos and piercings, I have some! I was even a waitress for 7 years, but you should really brush your hair, shower, or wear socks to work.If you like great food, drinks and atmosphere and can stand the idiots they hire to serve you. Then definitely eat here. I will continue to be a regular, I just wish their management would shape up those servers. I would recommend the Mesa location over the Tempe one. The Mesa one added new menu items, I ate there about 3 weeks ago and received great service. The Tempe one continues to disappoint. Although the food is always top notch.
5	Tried this place for the 1st time with my gf the other day. The bangers & mash one I had was amazing, and her shepherds pie was really good too. The mint in it was a bit much for me, but she liked it. Can't wait to go back and try the others.
4	Great food Good for family
5	I have lived by this place for years and never knew it was there we went there after a family gathering not only did they acomidate myself and 11 others in my party their service was top notch and their food and drinks were amazing
5	Amazing food at a quality price.. They are always friendly and good service.. Also a great date place for at night. Not loud at all and just an overall cool place.
2	Absolutely delicious food completely outdone by the most disturbingly disgusting interior ever!  I've always eaten outside before, and had I never done inside, this would have been a five-star review.  However, the last time I went,  it was so hot out that we decided to eat inside.  I sat at the bar area where you could see the kitchen.  The floor appears to have NEVER been cleaned, there was garbage everywhere, and I watched employees scraping food leftovers, crumbs, etc. onto the floor and leaving it there.  I also observed an employee with bare hands reach into a bucket that was setting on a cart and toss a handful of some kind of meat from the bucket onto a salad.  The bucket was not refrigerated and had sat there for who knows how long.  I was so appalled that not only did we not order any food, we actually left our alcohol behind.  The glass ware was dirty, the silverware was filthy, and the place was just an outright mess.  I have to give 2 stars at least because I know the food tastes really good, but I'd never be able to eat here again after seeing these conditions.  The owner should be seriously ashamed.
5	I've been here numerous times and it's been great everytime.I don't think I have had the same thing twice (with exception to the Banofee (sp?) Pie)Cornish Pasty is not a place a would come to if I was rushed for time at all as the food takes a while to prepare. Even though we may have to wait a bit longer for food than at other restaurants, every server I've had here has been attentive and friendly and eager to answer questions or make recommendations. I've sat at the bar and I've sat at the tables. The restaurant is always clean, I never stick to the floor or table, the food is good and freshly made, the servers have always been accomodating and the music is fun (and a rather ecclectic mix at that).It's a place I will come to again and again and always look forward to introducing friends and family to it. My parents love it and have been back twice since I brought them here a month ago.
5	Excellent food, great people and service. Gotta try this place!  very neat!
4	I kept seeing this place on Yelp and had to try it, I will say I loved the pasty I had (Turkey & cranberry).Overall I was very happy with my meal with the exception that there were no sides offered with it.  Fries, chips, cole slaw, something!Worth checking out for sure.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat i went on my first date with my know soon to be husband, and have come back may times since then. The service is great they don't rush you the food comes out fast and taste amazing. Also if you have not tried there deserts all of them are very good I like the banana caramel pie thing myself. The one done side with the pasties we found out is they are pre made in the morning so you can't ask for something not to be in it. Which i don't mind since the have a big selection but might bug other people.
5	If you read my review for the other location in Tempe, you know how I feel about this place. I have a love-love relationship with Cornish; there will never be any hate. Never once have I been disappointed in the food and I can honestly say I've tasted 3/4 of the pasties on the menu. Do I have an addiction? I think it's safe (and probably best) to say "yes". Their new appetizers that were just released this summer all sound quite delicious, however, I have only tried the Jalepeno Cheese Dip with Pastry Curls and I was impressed. Usually have awesome service here. Of course, considering the fact that my boyfriend, my roommates, and I were here at least once every couple of weeks, we were bound to have one bad experience as far as service goes. I will not hold that against you, my beloved Cornish Pasty Co. All of the wonderful experiences make up for that one not so great one.
5	Who has been hiding this place from me. Right in my old old neighborhood. Down the street from my high school. Obviously this place wasn't here when I lived in this area way back in the day. Otherwise I would really have kicked myself.My girlfriend introduced me to this place and she is the best for bring me here. I love everything about this place. The atmosphere is great. A little dark but it works. The whole place is lit with real candles. They actually come around and replace them when they get low. Very cool.Great beer selection too. Some I have never even heard of but want to try. I didn't know what to get so the waitress got me a sample of a Scottish ale it was good so I got a pint. I want to come back and try the rest.We also got the oven baked chips with garlic and jalapeno. Chips = fries people come on get with it. They were awesome. Some of the best fries I have ever had. Although I will say the jalapenos didn't quite make sense. I like jalapenos don't get me wrong but they were just chopped up on top. When you picked up a fry they fell off. If you managed to get a few to stick they would come off when you dipped it in the sauce. You can bypass the sauce and just eat one but they didn't really add anything. If they were baked into to the chips that might be better. Still very good regardless.Now on to the Pasties. The reason you came here and the name of the place. I have never had a pasty before but from looking at the menu you can put pretty much anything you want inside of one. They have an Italian one, cheesesteak one, Greek one, a few Mexican flavored ones and so on and so on. You name it it was in a pasty. I finally decided on the spicy chicken asagio one with some advice from my girlfriend who has been here before. Sure it takes awhile for the food to come out but they are making it when you order it. By the time you sip on your drinks and munch on those fantastic chips your food comes out so it works out. So good. Flavor was perfect. Everything all crammed in there but all working together. The dipping sauces they give you with it work perfectly. They vary depending on which pasty you order. Don't be shy pick it up with your hand and munch away. No shame in it. That is really how you are supposed to eat them anyway.I can't wait to come back and try the other great pasties. I have to say I might be addicted. So good and such a great place.
5	I love this place! Great food, great atmosphere, great music, and great beer! I love the pilgrim pasty, so good. If you have not been you should definitely go!
4	Excellent food and very nice extended menu for veggies. I tried majority of pasties here and liked lot of them. Chicken tikka pasty is my favorite. Pesto and rosemary chickens are also my favorite. Cream of Tomato with croutons is by far one of the best soup I had. Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding formerly known as Temple pudding  is heavenly and must  try.
4	Went to Cornish Pasty Co. last night.  The atmosphere is low lit and very charming.  We opted for a seat at the counter adjacent to the open kitchen because we like the action and the exchange.  The place is a little bit hippie/hipster,with friendly, very casual service.  Our server was effective and checked on us often without being too intrusive. We started with the Scotch Eggs, which were authentic and delicious  We ordered a Greek salad and Chicken Greek pasty.  Both were good, but Pasty was much superior.  They must be doing something very right as we understand a third location may soon be opening in Scottsdale.
4	ok but the mushy peas are terrible
4	I can't believe I forgot to review this place after our visit. Wasn't sure what to expect when I took my husband and my mom here as none of us had ever had a pasty before. I think my fear was based more on the hipster/ college pub atmosphere than facing the unknown. Everything we tried was superb. I got the Oggie which was delicious and filling. We ordered the smushed peas which I thought were delectable. I tried whichever pasties my mom and husband ordered which I can't recall but they were all very good. I definitely intend to return.
5	OMG! OMG! OMG!!!I'm a Brit living in California, and my boyfriends son lives in Tempe (ASU graduate....SUN DEVILS!!!!) and we came out for a visit this weekend.I was bored at work a couple days ago, so Yelped "British bars in Tempe, AZ" and this place popped up. After reading the reviews, and telling my boyfriend I wanted to try this place out, the 4 of us (boyfriend, his son and son's girlfriend) went for dinner tonight.The place was packed - always a good sign. We got seated straight away, though. Our server was attentive but not obtrusive, and got us started on our drinks while we perused the menu.Please note above - I'm English, a genuine Brit! I was very impressed with the menu. I haven't seen a scotch egg in years! They serve scotch eggs!!! And mushy peas!!! I opted for the chicken tikka masala pasty, as I love curry. Holy crap, batman, that thing was HUGE!! WE also ordered a side of their oven chips, which are like proper English chips (fries, for the uneducated) and a side of gravy.They have a huge selection of pasties, and the prices are totally within reason. I will definitely be coming back to this place when we come out next month for ASU vs Washington State.SUN DEVILS!!(P.S., the game was terrible, we got slammed)
3	I will always love the food here, but I had super shitty service. I don't know what it is about the nonchalant hipster mentality, but she took FOREVER with EVERYTHING. She also screwed up my drink order. Terribly. Pretty meh experience.
5	I love this place! I have been to the Tempe location just once and just realized that there's a location in Mesa! This location is much easier to find ( they have a pretty big sign out front) compared to the Tempe location which is more of a hidden gem. The food was amazing and prices are so reasonable. The owners have done a really good job with making sure they deliver consistent product between the two locations. I definitely recommend Cornish Pasty for a unique dining experience with great service and delicious food.
4	I have eaten at both locations and enjoyed them.The tempe location is crazy small and 1/2 the experience is watching everyone move in a small spot.The mesa location is much larger and we sat at the bar and watched a well orchestrated staff put out fresh wholesome ingredients.Be sure to try the oven baked chips ( fries) but be sure you can handle the chopped garlic if chosen.....it is strong !!!!I've had the Royale with cheese pasty and it is a filling , well seasoned and savory experience! My girlfriend had the italian which she enjoyed.The only complaint i have and one i have seen here before is the music. Really makes no sense with the atmosphere. I love 80s & 90 's music but it just doesnt seem to work here.l
4	I ordered a balsamic portobello pasty with the chocolate bread pudding, and I loved the pasty. They give the option of leaving half of it uncooked so you could heat the other half later and enjoy a fresh pasty later on, although I opted to devour the entire pasty at once. While the pasty was delicious, I found their bread pudding's brandy sauce to be far too overwhelming. The dessert ended up tasting more like an alcohol sponge with select unsaturated spots than it did like actual bread pudding.
5	This place is excellent. The pasties are do good - we have been several times and not had a single bad one. The banoffee pie for dessert is not to be missed. I think the prices are reasonable as well. I have only been to the Mesa location which at peak times is packed - which leads to it being insanely loud and the staff super busy. Beware - there are no special orders on pasties - they are pre prepped.
5	Had an amazing lunch here today. Tried the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty with mint yogurt and loved it. For dessert had the Sticky Toffee Pudding which was unbelievably tasty : ) I liked the cozy atmosphere, the great beer selection and even the music : )  The staff are super friendly and helpful. Looking forward to the Scottsdale location which I hope opens soon!!!
5	This place is pretty close to the real deal. The best pasties I've ever had were in London - they were cheap, fast, there were plenty of choices, and mindblowingly tasty. This place, on the other hand, is not nearly so cheap, and not nearly so fast... but there are plenty of choices, and they are all mindblowingly tasty. Maybe not *quite* as tasty as the ones I had at a place in London, but close, and this requires a significantly shorter trip. I make it a point to stop here whenever I'm in the area.
3	The family and I wanted to try this eatery out. Mistake was, going on a Friday night at 5:30. Seating was good, as we're the Hostess and Server. Food for we two adults was wonderful. Both kids, 13 & 11, didn't care for their order, a Chicken Pot Pie, and The Pilgrim. We planned to box these up and made lunch the next day of them both.Ambiance of this place was noisy, the seating uncomfortable and dark, the music was blasting too loud to where my GF asked twice to lower the volume. By the time we were about finished our meals, a group of "Bohemians" showed up, occupying the area next to the bar, directly behind out seats. Apparently, these unwashed college aged idiots, smelling of Cigar smoke, from the Cancer Emporium, ie, Cigar store, next door to this restaurant, and body odor, came in loudly talking, swearing, wearing their damn hats to the side, like so many SubUrban Gang Banga, wannabes, ordering shots of some quantity, generally ruining our evening out. Their unpleasant stench, literally gagged the 4 of us, and the unfortunate family that shared our Pew. Pew, what an appropriate term for that time! These morons, finally moved away, thankfully, as I was about to land a size 13 boot, upon someone's ass. I guess, if I was 20-30, and chasing hairy under armed and legged young women, this is the place to be!I'll go back there for the lunch time, never again for dinner. Overall, the place is painfully in need of a make-over, in caliber of decor, and clientele.Too bad, as the food was exceptional.
4	totally satisfying!
5	AMAZING. One of our favorite places to go. They recently remodeled and made the place bigger. They have some of the best soups I have ever had, and their pasties are incredible. I have tried many of them, and have yet to be disappointed. Great atmosphere, and delicious food. We will continue to come here as long as we live in Phoenix.
1	Food is extremely SALTY.  The chef's taste buds are probably shot and he/she adds way too much salt to EVERYTHING!  I'm never going there again.  Not balanced in the flavors whatsoever.
4	A go to place for a filling, warm and delicious meal! When you think pasty you might just think of the traditional meat and potatoes, but this spot offers SO much more. Being a non meat eater I enjoy their long list of vegetarian pasty options. I have pretty much tried them all and there is not one that I do not like. If I had to give my favorites they would be: Veggie Spicy Asiago, Veggie Rosemary & Veggie Pesto. All equally delicious! The restaurant itself definitely has a hipster vibe- dark, wine bottles with candle wax dripping down the side, old church pews as table benches. They also have a large outdoor patio. Don't have time for a sit down meal? Call in your order to go. They will either cook them hot and ready to eat or half bake them and you can pop them in your oven at home to eat when you are ready. For take out, dine in or a late night bite and a beer this place is a must!
4	We had a great time last night. Music was good. Our bartender chad was great and on point. Food was good. I had the mock chicken tika masala it was good, the sauce that came with it was very sweet and didn't sit well with the dish. Next time ill skip the sauce or try another one.
5	Amazing food!  I have had just about everything on the menu with the exception of their soups and man FANTASTIC.  This is definately one of my favorite places.
5	I LOVE this restaurant!!  Every single item we've tried on the menu has been outstanding - and my friends and I have tried them all.  My favorite meal there is to start with the Tomato Soup (best I've ever had), then the Peppered Steak Pasty (order extra sauce...trust me) and for dessert, the Chocolate Bread & Butter Pudding.  For the love of god, do not skip dessert.  Take half your pasty home (yummy the next day) and eat dessert.  Awesome, fun staff and the service is always excellent.  Friday nights are packed, so save your visit for a weekday night - or lunch.  One change I'd make?  Turn the music down.  It is a restaurant, not a night club.  Hard to hear the person you are sitting right next to.They just opened a new location down the street from my office...more yummy lunches for me!
5	Had a vegan friend coming in to town, called in, and apparently they offer 2 vegan options every day. She loved it. My friend and I out of respect, ordered vegetarian dishes. With the quorn chicken, I couldn't tell the difference. Awesome food. Great service. Giant beer.
1	I came to this place while I was around town. And at first I really liked the atmosphere and the staff but I sat there for over 30 minutes and nobody served us. Even when I walk up to them and ask for our orders to be taken. Nobody came up to us and ask. We did not even get a glass of water overall. I have been a Foodie for a long time and had not been disrespected at a restaurant even when it was horrible food, it was not like they were busy or anything. I was terribly disappointed and I would never go back there again even when I am in town.
5	Ok so I'm not big on trying new things. I try new things but I'm always afraid I won't like it. I guess you can say I am an adventure but in denial!  Hehe. Ok so my boyfriend loves loves to try anything.  First time I cam here I got a ceaser ckn salad and it was awesome I will say. Second time we came here his sister was in town with her boyfriend from Massachusetts visiting. Beer is awesome so I hear from my boyfriend and his sis and her boyfriend. I like wheat beers so I'm picky. But I won't say the beer isn't good just because I am a selective person. Ok so we all got pastes I got a salmon asparagus one and I can't remember what everyone else got but I will def say there was no complaints coming from anyone! I am normally good at not over stuffing myself but this was to good to pass up! Haha. Service was great! Was sat immediately maybe a min for them to get our drinks which was great! No complaints here. Dont eat to much you come here or your missing out on the pastes!
4	Always good food at cornish pasty. I've been to their smaller shop over next to ASU.This one definitely is a lot more of a refined atmosphere. I actually prefer the smaller one because it was very "divey".If you want to have a more classy place to go to come to this location.All in all if you haven't been to cornish pasty, or had one before definitely have to try at least once.the one with lamb is the best.. (unless you don't like lamb, then i dont think you will agree with me)
2	Cool place, good food, horrible service. I want to like this place but the staff is cold and inconsiderate. Makes you feel like they are doing you a favor by letting you eat here. If service is important,  go somewhere else.
4	I had to try this place out because of the reviews. It has a very trendy vibe and it feels like you are in a pub in England. The pasty was pretty good, but that wine sauce is amazing.. I dipped my fries in that shiz. ;) The fries were great too. They had jalapenos on top that added some great heat. Overall a pretty good find. I shall be back.
5	Best food. Amazing beer selections. It doesnt get any better.
4	I enjoy this place.  It's a nice break form the limited varieties of food you can get in the East Valley.  The pastys are tasty and this location is 10 times nicer than the cramped hot and dirty location in Tempe.
5	Love this location, amazing waitresses, perfect pasties, Love !!
4	This was my first time trying a pasty and I am glad that I first had them here, based on the recommendation of a friend who favors this place. This place was jam-packed on a Monday evening! Their pasty menu is really extensive!! We were having a hard time trying to make a selection from among the wide range of premium & signature pasties. We finally decided to settle on the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty(for the Indian flavour) and the Chicken Pot Pie Pasty. For appetizers, we had the tandoori chicken wings - these were super oily, so much so that the waitress even gave us extra napkins to wipe off the excess oil.. eww! But I would give this appetizer a slight plus point for the spicy masalas coating the wings, that made it tasty. I just wish they had done a better job of marinating the chicken wings in the proper fashion before cooking them the right way(which's baking & grilling them and not deep frying!!)The accompanying yoghurt mint sauce was what really caught our attention more than the chicken wings itself. Its super duper delicious!! The waitress who served us was very helpful in explaining the different sauces served here and she even brought us different samplers to try out during the main course.The lamb vindaloo pasty was awesome, true to it's taste. If you are a lamb fan, you should definitely give this pasty a try. The chicken pot pie pasty was passable with a mixed blend of potatoes, vegetables and chopped chicken. It went well with the yoghurt-mint sauce and the tahini sauce.Finally, it was desert time and once again we were at a loss to pick one among the various tempting choices on the list. The waitress once again poured in with her help, describing the best and the okayish desserts. If you are a toffee fan, the Sticky Toffee Pudding is the most delicious on the list.  They had also run out of the Chocolate bread & butter pudding that day since everyone seemed to be ordering it. We finally decided to give the Banoffie Pie a try. Beware!, the dessert is too much for just two people. We were full by the time we finished off half of the pie. The pie's crust was difficult to break and had a hidden layer of caramel cream within, which complimented well with the whipped cream. Aah, the whipped cream.. is well, not the lighter version, but a heavy thick cream that tastes almost like homemade butter. You can only have so much of that heavy cream. I wouldn't have it again.I would give this place 4 stars for the food, 3.5 stars for the service. 3 stars for the ambience(they had good candle lighting all over, but if you prefer someplace quiet, then you should skip this place).
4	Tried this place for the 1st time my brother and best friend have been ranting about!All in all the atmosphere was soothing low lighting, hip music, and good beers! Now for the Pasty I personally had to try the ever so popular Bangers and Mash and yeahthat pasty is a solid sell! I tried a vegetarian Pasty my sister in law had and that toowas quite delicious. Various craft beers to enjoy with your meal and wines as well. Recommend this place for any occasion. Overall the service was helpful and informative. Food was hot and tasty. Beer was cold and yummy. I'll be back!
5	Awesome Place.  Cozy and hip with church pews for seating!  Come try a Cornish Pasty .  They have many different flavors to choose from.
5	I love this place. I didn't think I would Luke this place as much as the Tempe location... But...Love the food, music, and atmosphere. Today our server was super busy, so the bartender saw this and brought our drinks over. I never mind waiting when people are working hard and this was a pleasant surprise. Loved the candles, door tables... And the plates. .. and really good, very large, beers!
4	Let me just say this. WOW!!  September 16 was my Wife and I anniversary. We both decided to try some thing totally new, but did not no what. So after researching on the internet, we came across the Cornish Pasty Company. After reading other reviews, and visiting the web site, as well and researching what a pasty is, we both decided that this was the spot to go. Apon walking in, the smell took us by suprise, was a little overwealming for we both have never smelt nothing like it before, but being in there after a few we started adjusting and relizing how much we both enjoyed the ambiance. Apparently its one of the main spices they use in pastys. There service was really good, out waittress was extremely good. The one thing that impressed both my and I was that even the othere waitreses and waiters would ask us if we needed anything and how every thing was going. Oh yeah,  by the way. The food was awsome.
5	This place is amazing!  The food is delicious, the vibe is the perfect combination of hip and comfortable, and the wait staff were cool and made great recommendations. We had the Bangers & Mash and the Carne Adovada Patsy's--so good! You have to save room for dessert; the Sticky Toffee Pudding is the best I've ever had.  I'm so glad we found this place and I can't wait to come back.
5	YUM! YUM! YUM!! Cornish Pasty is an awesome place!!! Most of the seating is large community tables and there is a very warm, welcoming vibe to the whole place!! They have a great selection of beers and the food was AMAZING!!! Very authentic and so delicious!! This will definitely become a MUST GO place for me anytime I visit AZ!!!
4	Food is great here and the atmosphere is pretty good. Portions are pretty decent, I think we all had some left over. Only gripes are that the benches we sat in we're terribly uncomfortable and the place was so loud we could hardly talk. Otherwise it was pretty good.
4	Yummmmm. This place really isn't doing anything to convince me that British food isn't all fried or boiled, but man this was delicious. I had the Oggie with the red wine gravy. Great beer selection as well with lots of stuff you don't usually see on tap. My mom and I came at an off-time, but I could see this place getting pretty packed and crowded during a normal eating time. Definitely will come back.
5	Cornish Pasty is our favorite neighborhood restaurant. The food, staff and drinks are amazing! We describe the pasties as a glorified hot pocket. My favorite is The Royale and potato/leek soup.The $3 car bombs are a great "dessert" option. We are never disappointed when we go
5	Amazing and more amazing. The atmosphere was unique and inviting. Food was incredibly delicious. We will be back again!
5	This place rocks. I love all the different type of options the have for there pastry and the flexibility in changing out the fillings. just call 30 mins or an hour ahead and they will make a fresh pastry with any custom fillings you want.the staff is great, the price is great, and the food is amazing!
5	This is the best food I have had in a very long time and I move around so much for business trips. I have had the best food in chicago, miami, LA, etc. This place hit the spot. I wrote a lot in my previous reviews. This time I'm not going to write much. Sometimes less means more and everything is so good here from the appetizers, to main course, and desert, drinks, etc. I want you to be surprised when you get there and have your first bite. So do yourself a favor don't read the other reviews on what item to pick. Everything is good, go for it, enjoy!
5	love love love this place!
4	Everything I have ever tried here has been delicious.  The atmosphere is always so calming and casual.  I love the decor and how they turned doors into tables with pews as seats.  Sometimes it does take a while to get recognized by a waiter or waitress, but that may also be because it is always so busy in there.  The one draft I wish they had is kiltlifter--- since it is a local favorite, they may see more people ordering it if it were on draft instead of in the bottle.
3	I'm British and we love our cornish pasties. The Cornish Pasty Company is a great spot to hit if you're craving a cornish pasty. We tried several appetizers from the scotch egg to the british fries. All were yummy and tastey. The cornish pasties were good and flavorful.This place lost two stars because of the unbelievably horrid service we received. Our waitress forgot several items and at the end of our meal, after ordering a dessert, she brought us our tab instead. When I questioned where our bread pudding was, she told me she didn't receive an order for a bread pudding, when I clearly ordered one. No apology or anything. It was a nightmare.
3	The pasty is delicious. I also had the apple cinnamon pasty, scrumptious.  But was very disappointed that this restaurant does not honor our Veterans or Senior Citizens with a discount. In fact the restaurant became snobish when asking. This is sad. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
4	So good! First time experience and the food was excellent. Soup was creamy with a hit of spice. The Shepard pie w minced lamb very well done w flaky dough crust sooo good. Plus the gravy wine sauce to top it off excellent! I could drink it, it's so good.
5	Two words: I'm addicted. I've been to Cornish pasty about 4 or 5 times now since I've discovered it and to this location about half of those times. Every time I come here I am delighted by the aromas and the menu options are always enticing, however I usually stick with the pilgrim because as I said earlier, I'm addicted. The atmosphere is so grunge, dark and even the people working there are not your average joes, which I love. I always get a very interesting waiter and have a consistently good meal. Actually, it's beyond good, it's mouth watering amazing. The pastry always tastes fresh and is baked to perfection, and whatever you order to go inside of it is ALWAYS piping hot! The wine sauce is to die for as well, so don't be suh with it!And if you're still hungry by the time you're finished with your entree, which is almost impossible I've come to learn, the dessert menu looks incredible and I've had the peanut butter and jelly pasty (not as ordinary as it sounds) and it was a lovely way to end the meal!I would recommend this place to anyone who loves comfort food, so basically everyone. Enjoy!
5	Um yea, the Royale with Cheese. First, I love a restaurant with a sense of humor. Second, this pasty is delicious. Third, the portions are out of this world! I had to take half home because it was such great comfort food. I love the vibes. My boyfriend calls it a hipster place but he loves the food too so he doesn't complain. The beer and wine selection was great. I love that there were so many varieties and they were different than what you might generally see. My boyfriend really liked one of German beers (can't spell it through sorry!)
5	For those who are not familiar with this british speciality, a cornish pasty is a sandwich baked into a pie-like crust.  It's a lot of like a hot pocket, except it's good.  And this restaurant serves up an amazing cornish pasty.  It also doesn't hurt that Cornish Pasty Company has an authentic british pub ambiance.I had the Oggie, which is a pretty traditional pasty.  Steak, potatoes and onion.  Give it a minute before taking your first bite.  Trust me when I say it comes to the table piping hot.  For just $8.50, it's a pretty good little meal.  Need more?  There are some good sides and salads for about $2 to $5.  The beer selection (tap and draft) is awesome.  I did not partake in dessert, but what I saw at other tables looked amazing.
4	I just love these restaurants. Great food and atmosphere . Service can be a bit lacking but that's kinda the vibe here-laid back.Just had another pasty tonight-oh so good: bangers and mash
5	Stayed in Tempe for several nights on a house hunting trip. One of the nights happened to be NFL conference finals night so I wanted to get take out and watch the games instead of going out. I sent my husband out for the pasties and chicken wings.He is a pretty conservative eater so he opted for the Oggie (traditional pasty) while I went for the Pilgrim (Thanksgiving style). The pasties were huge and still steaming hot when they arrived at the hotel room. The Pilgrim was served with the red wine gravy (delicious) and cranberry sauce. I thought the crust was as perfect as pasty crust could possibly be. Not too thick and braided along the edge. The filling was so moist and well composed. The meat wasn't dried out and the sweet potatoes really added flavor. My husband said he preferred my pastie to his. I was not enamored with the tandoori chicken wings. They were caked in tandoori paste and soggy. I would not recommend these. They were also super spicy.Since we are moving to the area, we will be coming back to try out the many varieties as well as the pasty dessert!
4	First time I came here I had no idea what to expect. I didn't know what a pasty was. I was pleasantly surprised. Pretty genius idea to put savory foods in a puff pastry. I had the salmon pasty. OMG! It was the best one I have tried. My other friends got the cheese steak and the pesto chicken. They were definitely not as good as the salmon. The salmon had this nice texture of being cooked perfectly well. Not too over cooked and not undercooked. The sauce that bathed this salmon was creamy, but unexpectedly, not too heavy. The only downside is, it is pretty dark there so I had a hard time seeing the menu and my food, but I guess that's part of the atmosphere. I definitely will go back here and definitely recommend this place if you have never eaten here.
5	This is my favorite location! I love the atmosphere, great music, patio seating, staff, etc. Try the pilgrim or the royale! So good!
5	Excellent and different. Huge variety of entrees and all that we ordered were amazing. Wait staff was great and fun. Save room for desert because they were to die for.  Think I will go back tomorrow night.
3	First time I tried these pasty things. haha. They were ok. These are the items that people back in the last century ate. Like miners and poor people I think... There was a story about in the menu. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary but I'll go back to try other items just to make sure I'm not missing anything. If I had to think about it... pasties are giant hot pockets that cost $10. Well, this is more of a time period food so I guess there's that additional cost to make it to represent it accurately. Although I don't think they had Mexican pasties back in the day. lololol.It was kind of dark in there but I guess that's the mood they were going for. The entire place was mostly candle lit. Servers were nice. I say... good to go try it out at least once.
5	GREAT EXPERIENCE! Our first time here was a couple of weeks ago and it was a unique and delicious dining experience. We sat at the counter and were able to watch them prepare food. The service was great! There are so many pastry choices. I can't wait to go back and try more. They have the best homemade fries I have ever had, and a great beer selection. I can't wait to bring family and friends here!
5	Our waiter was nice and he actually talked to us. The food was great! I got the portbello mushroom pasty. :)
5	This play is worth the wait. We had a 40min wait on a Friday night but it was all worth it. And they have a very nice patio you can order drinks and appetizers  to wait for your table. Best food in Mesa!
5	I come here alot and their foods are extraordinary. The atmosphere is nice too. Be sure to order their lemonade, it was squeesh fresh when we went there. Really good serving size too. Iam sure you wont be able to finish one pastry alone.:)
5	Food is excellent, kitchen is in the middle of the dining area so you watch them cook,  atmosphere is great, very chill and thematic,  service varies but been never really disappoints depending on the night and how busy they are, I keep coming back to this place, I make a special trip every time I'm in Arizona, my favorites the Italian, and the Royale with cheese,  but every thing I've tried there I'd happy get again, don't skip out on this place!
5	More than anything, I love the ambience here.  The food, in particular the pasties and shepherd's pies are also delicious.
4	Very strong and good flavors. Very filling. I liked the on east side more then the Tempe location. Don't like eating there cuz way to dark and hipster ish lol . Worth a try
3	Cornish Pasty Co. Is a delicious adventure across the pond without leaving Phoenix. Tonight my sister and I had another great meal here. The service was only so so but the pasties are so good that I will give them a pass on service at least for now. We were originally seated in an area of the patio outside which we were told by the hostess, used to be a smoking area but they had recently turned it into a non smoking area. We really wanted to sit outside on this beautiful evening so we put up with the lingering smoky aroma and ash trays that were sitting on the table next to us. After we had ordered drinks, the table behind us proceeded to light up a cig. We were not to fond of this since we were told by the hostess that this was now a non smoking area. We decided to move tables since we observed that another nearby table, outside of the "smoking" area. We did inform our waitress of the move before we officially made it. I know that this is not necessarily the best thing to do in a restaurant setting because of the set up of waiter/ess per table or area but since we were mislead into believing that we were seated in a non smoking area, we felt it necessary to move.Anyhow, our waitress did not seem to fond of the fact that we had moved and she rudely made the comment to us that and I quote "THAT IS THE SMOKING AREA" well I am sorry miss lady! We were told it was non smoking!! I would rather not be around cigarette smoke during my delicious pasty meal. I ended up ordering some Cornish coleslaw to start which was fantastic. It does have a fair amount of raw red onions in it, so be aware if you are ordering it on a date or a lunch break. It is more of savory coleslaw rather than sweet with hints of horseradish. I ordered the bangers and mash pasty. It was absolutely delicious! They do make their own sage sausage in house and it is oh so good! Mashed potatoes and sausage with a sage sausage gravy, YUM!! My sister had the chicken pot pie pasty and was equally impressed.Overall the food is delicious. I have had many a pasty in England and these area equally as good if not better to some that I have had in around various cities in England. The service is hit or miss. I will be back for more because I love the food!
4	Great food, there is absolutely no question about that.  However my experience could have been a lot better, the service was shit. I don't care about censoring myself here, because that is the only way to properly describe it. That whole high and mighty attitude doesn't fly. Sorry i dont automatically know everything there is to know about your establishment, when its my first ever time eating here. But whatever, Great food. Some of the best food around, but never will I ever eat in house again, ever.
2	Meh. Not too impressed. Ordered the asiago chicken pasty and garlic oven fries - they were nothing to write home about. This place is also not very kid friendly, in my opinion. Probably won't go back.
5	Six stars. This place goes above and beyond expectations for food quality. It's not the cheapest food in the world, but you damn well get what you pay for. So filling. Every bite is orgasmic. Excellent customer service. The place itself has a very weird atmosphere. I feel like the mood they're going for is: privacy. Like all the booths have really high dividers and it's really dimlyLit. So much so that when you walk back out into Arizona sunlight it came be rather disorienting, especially if you've just finished one of their giant mugs of beer, which are almost a necessity to accompany your meal and complete the cornish pasty experience. Damn it's been a good couple months since I've had any and writing this review has made me crave it immensely. I gotta wrap this up and head over there now. It's almost noon so it's probably a good time to start drinking. (don't let this fool you- it's not standard bar fare. You don't have to be drunk to enjoy this food. But the option is available.)
2	The pasty's were good.  Went there on a lunch time last week. Sat at the bar .while waiting for our food. All the cooks were scruffy and dirty looking. Handling raw and cooked food with out gloves. Plus a cleaner climbed up on an oven and started cleaning the oven hood ?should this be done while the place is open ?? One cook went and got a drink and was drinking this while "preparing" food. The place needs a good clean. Two stars for the pasty's.
5	i love this place, they are like gigantic gourmet hot pockets.. everything is like $9. so amazing i love the lamb and mint, royal w/ cheese, rosemary steak, pork and apple, bangers and mash, shepards pie.. the best red wine gravy sauce and best thousand island dressing and desert hot pockets... and 8$ will buy you 32 oz of beer or hard cider...amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Something so simple done unbelievably well. First time? Try the Oggie (The Traditional Pasty) with steak, potatoes, onion and a side of red wine gravy- DON'T YOU DARE GET KETCHUP INSTEAD! If you want something a little more southwest, the Carne Adovada is RIDICULOUS. They also have a great variety of local beer on tap.
5	If someone put a gun to my head and told me I could only go to one place in all of Phoenix for the rest of my life, I would choose here. No jokin'.
5	Love this place. The food is always good but tonight I stopped in for drinks and dessert.  So I had the chocholate bread pudding. . Omg so freaking good and the bar tender Chad was great.
5	My wife and I came here with our good friends who are English.  They told us how authentic it is and told us about the history of the food.  Really cool stuff!  When we showed up it was great food and the history of the food was throughout the whole restaurant.  Lots of old pictures of tin miners.  We loved the hearty food and the great atmosphere!
5	Fabulous!! Found this place on yelp & it looked like a place my whole family would enjoy.  It was a lot busier than we anticipated, but the hostess was very nice & it wasn't too long before we were seated.  Our waitress was pleasant & efficient. Our pasties were so good!  I had the spicy chicken with black beans, asiago cheese, corn & tomatoes.  My husband had meat & cheese, and my kids had the Royale, chicken pot pie & the Pilgrim.  Each one was perfectly done. We ordered two desserts, and to be honest, we didn't love either one.  The chocolate bread pudding was too strong of a brandy flavor for me, and the other one - some graham cracker Carmel banana thing - was too heavy on the whipped cream with not enough Carmel.  But the beer list was good & the atmosphere was fun, so I'm giving a 5 star anyhow. Now we just need one of these places in San Diego!
5	The service could've been better, but the food and timeliness that we got it was great.  Each of my friends got something different and we all had a try of the Tikki Masala Pasty, Rosemary Steak Pasty, and Original Pasty. The Tikki Masala has a bit of spice to it that I was not up for at the moment, but both of the other dishes were very flavorful and so filling! The atmosphere is great too! Such a cool place!
5	Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite places to eat in "the valley". I love the Mesa location because it is larger than the other locations and I like the makeover on the patio. Tikka Masala is by far my favorite pasty...in fact I have never had a bad pasty and their beer selection is great! I guess I can't say enough good things...
5	Well I've been going to the location in Tempe for years and have nothing bad to say about Cornish Pasty. Their food is second to none and I always bring out of town visitors to Tempe and they love it. Well first time making it to the Mesa location. Really nice building, I see they still have the long bench settings but the overall restaurant appeared bigger and more open. Still same great food. My personal favorite is the Meat and Cheese and I usually try to take a bite or two from my wife who usual orders the pilgrim or Italian. All are great!!!Good service as well, I forget our server name, but she was very nice and food came put prompt and was very attentive to our party. Overall a good addition to the Cornish Pasty restaurants. I can't wait till I get a chance to checkout the scottsdale location next so I can complete my Cornish Pasty visits.
4	Very good, like a hot pocket on steroids.
4	Yum. Vegan pasties! I had never heard of a pasty before until coming here. They have two vegan options daily, which I believe change regularly. I tasted both of them when I was there and couldn't choose a favorite. Their beer selection is pretty good and fitting for the meal. This is a great spot to take your non-vegan friends and all have a good compromising meal. :)
4	when i ordered an Oggie with ketchup, the waitress said, "ah, you're from Michigan then."  why yes, yes i am.these pasties are good.  i would take one from up north over these any day, but not by much.  they also have a bunch of other kinds of pasties (not really pasties, more like pasty-inspired foods) for the more adventurous.  it's the Oggie for me though.
5	I'm sure there are those who would not enjoy the food, service, or atmosphere at the Cornish Pasty Company. They would be wrong. Don't hang around those kind of people. Life is too short. We started with the chicken liver pate and Scotch egg. Both quite excellent. I really liked the honey mustard that came with the egg but my wife requested something else and tried the tsiki sauce. Killer. Btw, these folks aren't pouring stuff out of a bottle or bucket or microwaving your dinner. This is real food prepared by real chefs who know what their doing and it shows. I hadn't had a pate in a long time so it kind of got to be 'new' again for me. First bite. Interesting. And every mouthful became more interesting and delightful. I refrained from liking the bowl because of some sense of shame if seen.We split an 'Oggie' for our pasty experience. This is I think their most popular pasty and it was very good dipped in the house-made red wine gravy. Steak, rutabaga, potatoes, and onion. There's probably fifteen or so other pasties to choose from. Note there is a difference between a pasty (short a) and pasty (long a). In some places, pasties (long a) are required. We ordered dessert based on hearing a 'wow' from a nearby table and looking just in time to see a spoon moving from mouth back to dessert. Choc cake, topping and ice cream. Yes.Top staff. Jenny, our waitress, if she's in, ask for her. Blouse and jewelry to match her tats. And any young woman with a 'Dad' tat hits this Grandpa's sweet spot. Randy, the manager, cruises the place and seems to genunely care about your dining experience. The staff seems to like working tOne last word that maybe best describes this place. I ordered a Speckled Hen Ale. Unusual to even see on the menu. English ale. I had to try it. #1 - it was an ale of a quality I would love to drink it on a regular basis. #2 - it was served at the proper temperature so that one could fully enjoy its quality. Not that American fetish ice-cold thing that allows a nation to drink swill and not know it. Yep. Beer snob here. Sue me. But not too bad. I drink Grain Belt whenever I have a chance.
4	I'm a picky eater, so this place doesn't have a lot to offer me (due to the way these are made, you can't special order anything). That being said what I did order was quite tasty, and I can see why this place is a favorite. Where things really shine is the dessert. I had the apple cinnamon pasty and wow! They hand make everything in house, including their caramel, which was absolutely to die for.
5	This restaurant's menu isn't huge, but it is packed with delicious food. I have never left unsatisfied or felt like I didn't get my money's worth. The customer service is also top-of-the-line. This place gets BUSY (be prepared!), and regardless of whether or not there is a line out of the door, the fine staff of this establishment never lose a beat. (Even the people waiting to be seated are patiently and happily waiting for their turn for one of their amazing dishes!) I am a repeat customer, and this is the first place I think of when I'm looking for some good British food. :)
5	Incredible!  Staff was amazing, craft beers excellent, Pasty was perfection!  Light crust, perfectly brown and crunch with Thanksgiving dinner in the inside and cranberries and gravy on the outside!  How could I miss!  That being said my husband and I will split one next time to enjoy either the soups or the Bannanoffee dessert!   We sat at the counter overlooking the food magician at work and they were tithe best seats in the house! Enjoy!
4	Terrific vegan food and great beer-woohoo! Just wish it were bigger so I could sit down and enjoy the food and drink more quickly!
4	This place is truly a PHX must!! I have never been a to place this unique before. Also the ambiance is great, I have tried lots of the pasty's and their all tasty!! I always take my friends who visit to cornish pasty, and they all love it as well!! My personal fave is the chicken tikki!
5	Cornish makes my tummy and heart happy!I stopped in after looking at wedding dresses for a close friend of mine (always a bridesmaid..never a bride. . . ) and this place made me feel less depressed and likely to spend my life alone... because...The food will make you forget it all! Feed your face and feed your feelings! I had never heard of a pasty before coming here and this is what has been missing from my life.I don't need a boyfriend any longer . . . I can get a Shepherds pie to keep me safe and warm. Need someone to make you feel loved and wanted? Pssh..forget that...shove your pie hole with a pasty--and then make it a pasty hole! Try the Tikka Masala and then change your last name to Cornish Pasty-Tikka Masala.. no one will question you ...because they know you found what is right in the world.Feeling a little tied down? Try Reuben.. he's so good and filled with pastrami and can take you to the 1000 Islands. . . he's like an ugly fat man but rich so he's a bit more attractive. But, certainly delicious.Want to get a little freaky? BANGERS and MASH! It's like a threesome in you mouffff! Do it!!Go to Cornish Pasty! Seriously!!! Go and find that special pasty..that special something to make your soul feel good again.
4	Love THE CAJUN with an order of chips with garlic and jalapenos.  We've had the Royale, Rueben, Acovada and the Greek.  All good but I go back to the K JUN.The Lentil soup is amazing too.  Wouldn't have tried it but saw someone here I knew and they recommended it.The Banofee desert is awesome but have them heat it up or get it to go and nuke it for 30 seconds and it changes your life.  Without being heated it's still very good but heated it goes to another level.
4	OMG!! Large selection of beer in big glasses and anything you would eat at dinner stuff in a loaf. I like the turkey, stuffing and cranberry pasty. Other good Pasties include the taco and the chicken fettuccine. Great food, kind of a old mine lunch motif and great story about Cornwall.
5	How can you not like Cornish Pasty's? This place is amazing. Every location is amazing. All the food is amazing.AMAZINGMore seriously, I do go to their locations all the time. The one I end up at the most is the Dobson/Guadalupe location. I love the decor. Church pews are great seats. The place is always packed with a pretty friendly crowd. The jukebox has some really excellent music. The food of course is nomalicious. I highly recommend all their hand crafted soups. I've never had a pasty I didn't like. Of course, also save room for some dessert. The caramel pasty and the pavlova are both killer. The pavlova was so good I went home and learned how to make them so I could have them even when I didn't feel like putting on pants. Sadly, sometimes the desire to not put on pants even outweighs the desire to eat at a place this amazing.
5	Being English, I'm always skeptical when people advertise 'authentic British food' as it never comes close to expectations. I'm happy to say Cornish Pasty is as good as it gets. How they keep their prices so low astounds me as the quality of the food is second to none. I turned vegan 4 years ago and they have an extensive vegetarian menu with 2 vegan pasties on offer daily (usually... they've let me down a couple of times but I just switch to vegetarin for the meal - don't judge). Alcohol is great too with Strongbow on tap and specials always running. I bring my parents here when they visit too and they love it - they're from Cornwall, which should tell you everything you need to know. My only complaint is that it's been flooded with hipsters, which is not my scene. I'm a 34" waist and I can't get into skinny jeans.
5	Gourmet hot pockets. Plus they have my new favorite food scotch eggs. Its a hardboiled egg wrapped in sausage and deep fried. Glad they increased the size of the Guadaloupe and Dobson location. Foods amazing enough for me to overlook the hipsters.
4	Love the atmosphere,  Love the food !  The garlic french fries are to die for !  My favorite drink... The rotten apple...  It is a mug of hard cider with a shot of jagermeister turned upside down inside.  I know I know it sounds strange but it is yummo!
4	Good food!!  Nice atmosphere!!
5	This was like a party in my mouth.  My mom used to make a traditional meat and potato pasty that we ate with ketchup but I had no clue these could be so versatile. The roasted garlic oven fries "chips" were amazing perfectly cooked. I had the meat and cheese and my friend had the cajun chicken so we split it and each got half of each kind. ..server made us and I was soooo glad he did! ! I loved them both equally. . The red wine gravy is AWESOME and the home made thousand island is the perfect tang. I was less impressed with the banoofee dessert thing we tried but we will be back for pasty again
4	My husband and I really enjoy coming to Cornish Pasty Co. We've only been to the location on Dobson. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. The spirit there is so friendly and helpful. If you don't know what to order the waiter/waitresses always do an excellent job with recommendations. The food is always delicious and super filling!
5	EVERYTHING tastes amazing, and they have a great beer selection. Definitely get the scotch eggs and oven chips.
5	I really don't know how you can give this place less then 5 stars. The service is awesomeThe atmosphere is awesome The food is awesomeThe variety they have for meat eaters and vegetarians is nice. Part of my family and friends are veg heads the others are carnivores so this place is a good place to go if you have a diverse crowd of people wanting to eat out. They have great beer and drinks too so that's something everyone can have.
5	I absolutely love this place. The price may seem high until you get down to eating the servings. I am a big guy and can easily put away a lot of food but I even have trouble finding room for this. The pasties are not a meal you can leave in a company fridge for long because someone will seal it. It is that good. Everyone I have ever taken to eat there has said at first the food can be a little rich for their taste but by time we leave they all tell me that they have found their new favorite eatery, that is saying something since a lot of the people I have brought over are from New York or Europe. On a further note there is a wide selection for almost anyone vegetarian included, the tea drinker, or even the ones of us that would like a little beer with our meal. Best of all $3 Irish Car Bombs for the win! I recommend this place to anyone, take your time meet the staff (most of them are heavily tattooed and/or pierced but they are great people kind and friendly and not just because they are paid to be).
5	My favorite is the chicken tikka pasty
5	i'm so happy i found this place.when i heard the word pasty, it didn't exactly coincide with great food in my mind.  but that forever has changed,  the pilgrim was amazing.  hands down, best thing i've eaten in a while.  turkey, stuffing & roasted veggies with a side of cranberry sauce & red wine gravy.  like thanksgiving dinner in a little bundle of joy. dessert was delicious as well.  apple & caramel pasty with vanilla ice cream.  the pasty was fluffy and buttery and glorious and all of the things you want when you are feeling like a fat kid.  nice beer selection.  i chose a trusty Guinness but i wish i had been brave & perused the beer menu a bit more. next time.can't wait to go back.
5	Very Unique food and great atmosphere!!! manager is awesome and they whole staff is very good!!! I love the Mexican Pasty and the Garlic fries are the best ever!!! very comfortable place and reminds me very much of English style food!!! owner is a very nice guy and hands on with making sure the food is well presented and it is always made to order!!! the manager Justin is very helpful and wants to know everyone leaves happy!!!! great place for out of town guests to visit as well!!!! also has to go half baked pastys which is great too!!!
5	AMAZING!!! The peppered-steak is my most favorite! I've had their cheesy broccoli and caulflower side as well, SO GOOD! HIGHLY recommend every location!
5	Awesome
5	OMG WOW. This place is just amazing. If you have never been, you are missing out. Went there with family and everything we ordered, from soups to pasties were flavorful and aesthetically pleasing. The selection of beer on tap is also impressive. 5 stars well deserved.
5	Delicious food way low key joint all servers are pretty helpful with suggestions. Carne Adovada and the Reuben are my personal favorites.
5	EXCELLENT! I was referred by a friend in Tucson.  I had the take out for my family.  It  was interesting place when I went inside.  Not sure I would want to eat in there but I got the food home and it was unbelievably great ! The kids loved it :) Im a fan and plan on doing this again asap
5	very good pasties my grandmother made these too and they have that grama taste and the desserts everytime ive been here its been great
4	I love their American Royale burger and the beer is always great. I like coming here with my coworkers and enjoying a nice kickback. Have also had company dinners here. Great atmosphere and food.
4	Great food. The service was a little slow but it was very busy so it's understandable. We will be back.
5	This place is AMAZING! Love it and love the atmosphere!
5	We love Cornish Pasty! I like that the staff isn't all up in my face all the time, but they are attentive. I wish they had more than 2 vegan options per day. The vegan pot pie is incredible. The pub chips (fries) are delicious too. Bottom line: go there, with family or friends!
4	This was our first time eating in the restaurant. We picked up carryout before and were very pleased. Kent (aka Jack Black) took great care of us at the bar. We watched the assembly line of pasties and it was awesome. They have a smooth system considering how busy it gets. So far, my husband and I have tried the Lovely Bit o Salmon, Pepper Steak, Pilgrim and Pesto Chicken. My favorite overall is the salmon and my husband's favorite is the pepper steak. The Pilgrim is also fantastic, it is like having Thanksigivng dinner in a hot pocket of awesomeness. I highly recommend checking this place out if you haven't been yet. We will definitely return.
2	Have eaten here several times over the past year. The food choices are varied. You won't have trouble finding something for everyone. Although the pastry seems  pre-made and frozen, heated on the spot, it is generally tasty. Prices are quite reasonable. Main concern our past two visits has been the poor service. Our last two visits we were seated just outside the restroom against a wall in a dark area, but candlelit. Our server apparently either forgot about us or had to many tables to serve as we waited 15 minutes the first time and on our last visit decided to leave after 15 minutes. Too bad as we had liked this local eatery.
5	I love this place- we are a vegan-vegetarian family and I can't believe I haven't heard of this until this year!  We come from Michigan originally where pasties were as common as lakes and these are AWESOME.
4	I feel like I've been magically transported back to Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood every time I step into this restaurant (which I won't explain any further, if you've been both places you know exactly what I mean). I love that they've taken something as traditional as pasties and made it so gourmet yet accessible. There is a pasty for everyone, from a Thanksgiving dinner, to Mexican, to Indian. My two favorites are the Cottage Pie and Lamb Vindaloo (two completely different but equally delicious choices). They are super filling so take your second half home and enjoy one of their delicious desserts. I recommend the strawberries pavlova or the chocolate bread and butter pudding. Also, beer, big beers.
3	Had a neutral experience. It was an interesting place. Everything baked into a bread. I was excited to taste but unfortunately mine had to be burnt on the bottom.. I give them a 3 star because the Portobello chicken was pretty tasty  OMG you MUST get the Strawberry Pavlova! It's so good.
4	I thought their food was very tasty!  Although I wasn't a fan of their Oggie (basic one) - I really love their Cottage Pie Pasty.  Haven't ordered dessert, but they sound amazing too.
5	Can't say anything bad about this place.  LOVE everything I've had there!!
4	We preferred the more traditional meat and cheese pasty  to the chicken tiki pasty. Both are good but the mustard sauce and gravy that come with the meat n cheese are an absolutely the perfect compliment to the cheesy, flaky pasty.  Tried and true comfort food combinations.  Love the flavors and the red wine gravy is indeed very tasty.My husband is a big eater.  He recommends getting one or two sides if your hungry and want to fill up ( I was fine with just a pasty).
2	Went there with my husband last night to celebrate our 15th anniversary.  Had been once or twice and sat at bar.  Had good experiences and enjoyed the variety of vegetarian options.  Food was good last night, but our waitress needed some serious help.The ordering went well enough, but while we were eating our delicious pasties the waitress started bussing the table behind us.  She knocked over what I think was a pretty good amount of red wine in a glass on the table and then left quickly. My husband's back was to the table and he had felt a splash on his arm. I went and looked behind his chair, saw the spill, and saw a huge splatter of wine across the back of his creme colored shirt.  Wine was also a platter ed on the floor.  The best I could tell is that our waitress either had very dull eyesight or was hoping we wouldn't notice.  Another employee walked by and saw what happened and I told her it was our waitress.  Waitress came back about 5 minutes later and offered to "blot" the wine out w/water......really..like that would work.  She then asked us if we wanted anything else, dessert, if my husband wanted another beer.  She ended up taking off $14.  Said she bought us a round, but $14 didn't even cover our 2 beers much less the cost of my husband's ruined shirt.  Pretty much ruined our anniversary dinner and she didn't give a true apology.  After reading other reviews it seems like service is an issue at this location.  If we ever go back, I would most likely sit at the bar or counter to hopefully avoid inconsiderate waitresses spilling food or drink.
5	Cornish Pasty Co. is one of my favorite places in AZ. A Pasty (pronounced: past-eee) is like a healthier adult version of a meal sized hot pocket, but it is much better than that sounds. The menu (contents of the pasty) is diverse enough to please anyone. If you sit at the bar on the left, you can watch them prepare the pastys while you eat.
5	Legit and authentic. I think I've tried them all (the pasties) and there were only 2 I didn't care for. My go to traditional pasty is the bangers and mash and when I feel like a little spice in my life I go with the Carne Adovada. If you really want to mix it up, try the chicken greek or the salmon.Their soups are amazing. It took me awhile before I ever ordered soup at this place and now I never don't get at least a cup, even when its 110 degrees outside. The red pepper/chicken is where I started but now I can't get away from the cream of leak. I wasn't even sure what leaks were before I tried it and now I can't get enough. It has a certain addictive quality.I also like the added apps and sides. Love the bar. Service is good but has a strong hipster presence. If you can handle tattoos and piercings along with great food and a nice beer selection this is must to check out.
5	My husband is not easily amused, and he said and I quote, "Best dining experience I have had all year!" Food=phenomenal! Go hungry, it's quite filling. Make sure you try a Scottish egg, it was my first time and it was delicious! Hard-boiled egg with sausage and bread crumbs, so delish!We got the "oggie" pasty which is basically meat and potatoes and it was so good, that pouch thing that it comes in is like what you wish chicken pot pie was, but 1000 times better. I got "the pilgrim" pasty as my dinner, and it was like thanksgiving feast in a pouch! I was in a food coma after that thing. They had a good beer selection too, and the ambiance is super cool. Overall, great vibe, great food, great service too! This place has been put on our list to take out-of-town friends as a must!
5	I love this place! The food is great the staff is knowledgeable and friendly. I have not had a bad experience yet!
5	Wow!  This place was great!!  First off let me say there are so many choices of Pasties on the menu it is hard to decide.  I went in torn between the Greek and the Cottage Pie.  I went with the cottage Pie and an order of their chips.  The cottage pie was fantasic!!  The wine gravy was out of this world.  As for the chips, YUM!  The waitress was a sweetheart.  The music was just the volume.  Lot's beers to choose from if your a drinker.  Highly recommend.
5	Oh Cornish Pasty Co, I wish I could eat you every day.  The more traditional pasties are great, as well as the Royale with cheese and the Chicken Tikka Masala one.
3	Very hipster-y. Definitely do not feel cool enough to be there. Cornish Pasty company was not too bad, but I had my expectations set a little too high I think. It is great that they have a whole menu of vegetarian pasties, and vegan options too.I got the Veggie Oggie, and it wasn't the best, but I ate it all so clearly I didn't hate it! It was just a little dry, but the ketchup helps with that. Also the fatty in me would have preferred a bigger portion. I would try something different if I were to go again though. I also think this place is overpriced and don't like that you cant you cant alter the items on the menu, but I understand why!
5	Teenage son and I were in town for some shopping, and we stopped here for lunch.  We LOVED it.  The cool darkness was appreciated after driving around in the hot sun, and the metal menus and decor was cool.  Teenage son (the bottomless pit) had the Oggie and I had the cottage pie.  We split an order of chips, but it turns out they weren't needed.  Teenage son was full after 1/2 of his pasty, and that almost never happens.  Both pasties were delicious and flavorful, and filling without being heavy.  The chips were about the best we've ever had.  The waitress was pleasant, helpful and kept our water glasses filled.  She even sent us off with water cups to go.  We'll definitely be back next time we're in town.
5	You must come here! Good beer list and an INCREDIBLE menu. Every time I've been I am torn on what to order. Check it out!
5	I love this place so much!  I go here at least once a month.  This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in town.The atmosphere is awesome.  It is hard to describe, almost like industrial meets traditional.  They have drip candles in wine bottles on all the tables.  They have a bar area that serves drinks and then a "bar" area where you can sit facing the kitchen and watch the cooks prepare food.  My daughter and I usually sit there.  They have a big patio as well.The service is always great.  The food of course is the star of the show.   Even the beverages are great.  The tea is very fresh and I usually get the hibiscus tea.So good!  If you have never tried a pasty, this is the place to try one.  The Oggie is one of my favorites but there are so many options and delicious ones.It is awesome that they have many vegetarian options and even some vegan options too, as I have some friends who do not eat meat or dairy.Everything I have tried has been amazing, literally a party in your mouth ;)   I love thier tomato soup it is so creamy and flavorful and comes with the most delicious thick slices of homemade bread.I love their pasta salad which I order frequently.  It is bowtie pasta tossed in a pesto sauce with artichokes, spinach, roasted red peppers, feta, onions, etc  It is so yummy!Desserts are fantastic too.  I usually get the banoffee pie which is a graham cracker crust with homemade caramel on top, then topped with fresh whipped cream and sliced bananas.  Simple ingredients but so amaaaaaazing!Everything is made from scratch and you can tell.Everything is fantastic here, you will not be disappointed.  I will be back again and again. :)
4	Food, good. Very good. Beer on tap choice was black and tan. Also very good. For kids...not so much.
5	With a name like an English Strip club you know you are in for a treat. Had the Chicken Asiago, Philly Cheese Steak and garlic fries. Split between me and the boss, my wife. We agreed eating Pasty on a church pew should be practiced more than once a week.
5	Such a unique concept that is very fresh and delicious! When I go back to AZ I always try to stop by to grab a signature pastry (the chicken pesto) before I head back home.
5	This is a go-to spot whenever I have family visiting. The food is unique and always delicious. The portions are just right and all entrees are ~$10. The desserts are a little pricey ($6-8) but are excellent if you want to splurge! Good beer selection as well.
3	Edited my review because our issue was handled with the waitress, at least the company staff handled the review. Still didn't have a good experience BUT! They got back to us about it and that says a lot about this place. We'll most definitely be back and give it another try. I'll just be back in the fall when it's not so hot :)
5	Great lunch experience. Wait staff was friendly an efficient and the food was fantastic. Loved the pilgrim. Even brought one home.
5	Always a great experience. I'm working my way through the menu. A truly original restaurant. The staff is always great and knowledgable of the menu. This is one of our go to places. Keep it up!
5	If you like excellent food, great beer on tap and all on the cheap- this is it. I love this place- I usually go with Lamb Vindaloo so I can get a little spice in my life and one of their amazing beers to wash it down. When that warm pocket of goodness arrives at your table, you know you made the right choice for your meal. You can even take one to go and finish cooking your pasty at home. All in all, this is a go to for me and my friends and you won't be disappointed if you work this place into your rotation either!
5	I can't even think of one bad thing to say about this place. Everyone is really friendly. Major hipster vibe. The service was fast and they fill you up with amazing bread while you wait. (You can buy a loaf to take home) The food is absolutely on point. There are many options and every one of them looks delicious. The desserts are amazing. Not really feeling the church pew seating but its easy to overlook when everything else is perfect.
5	Believe the hype.  This place is great!  I take every visitor we have to Cornish Pasty.  I have been here almost 10 times now and I am still finding new favorites on the menu.  All the Pasty's are awesome.  Even the pasta salad is great.  Great place!
5	Yummy! Amy was a great server - sitting watching magic being made! Enjoying a Hanger 24 Apricot brew - it is the very best! Thanks!
5	Definitely the best food in Mesa! Original, delicious, and more choices than you could ever imagine... Pasty's is consistently satisfying! I can't recommend one specific dish because I've had 'em all and have a difficult time choosing one specific item. Just make sure you order a few side dishes because they really bring your meal together. And the chefs will make any item as spicy as you prefer! By far the best place to eat in Mesa!
2	I truly wanted to like this place but the wait staff turned me off. On one particular evening the staff blasted heavy metal to chase the last patrons away, my waitress said. "That's just how we do it," she said. I like rock, good food and good drink. This place fails miserably on the music front, especially when staff refuse to ease the volume following multiple requests.
5	Are you not a fan of English food? This place is the game changer for me. The perfect English comfort food. A huge variety of pastys and side dishes to please anyone. The ones I've tasted were well made, cooked and plated to my liking. A pasty and one of the many well selected beers they have on tap was a great meal. But wait! Start your meal with a Scottish egg  as your appetizer, there perfect. The food and sauces seemed to be mostly made in house, the red wine gravy is delicious, as is there thousand island. Outside patio setting at there Mesa location on late summer evenings are pleasant and relaxing. They have a smart staff of helpful folk to answer your questions and fill you in on any tap changes as they manage to get it all done with a smile. Last word... sweet.
5	The atmosphere is dark, and drip candles flowing down Jameson bottles, light your table. Lots of hipsters, but mostly just relaxed, chill people. The booths are set up as long tables, so you may end up making new friends, if your party is not 12 or more. The bar is usually packed out, and during the cooler months, expect the patio to be the same. I haven't had a pasty I didn't like, yet. The crusts are thick but flaky. My favorite, by far, is the Spicy Cajun Chicken. The sauce really makes it and adds to the heat! The desserts look delicious, but I am perpetually on a diet, so I only tease myself. If I were to choose one to cheat with, it would definitely be the Sticky Toffee Pudding. Looks gooey sweet!Great selection of beers and a full bar. Go early to avoid crowds.
5	We went here earlier in the week. Oh my, this place never disappoints. The service is always excellent. The employees always make sure we get what we need. We always leave so happy from Cornish Pasty. I want to keep coming here every week. All the food is excellent and we love the deserts too.
5	Wow.  Just went for the first time and the food was incredible.  Friendly energetic staff too.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Very chill atmosphere, beer us of usual trendy quality. Service is very relaxed and quick. Food is a very unique taste from the UK. Much like a meat pie but a pasty. I recommend to all in the mood for something new and fun.
5	Love this place, from the ambiance to the walnut soup accompanied by gorgeous bread with soft butter.  My favorite place on the East side!
4	Not what I would have ever expected but this place was great. Good food, good service. My only reason for dropping the one star is that it had too much of the dark grungy feel to it. Yes, I know, that's probably what they were shooting for, to make it have the dark pub feel, but that's not my thing. Other than that, highly recommended for the wonderful food.
5	For the epic win. Great food. Chill server. Awesome music and $3 car bombs! Can't beat it!
2	This place can't seem to decide if it's Tilted Kilt or TGI Friday's ....... Basically the food here is great, everything else is not.  a "pasty", apparently, is a shepherd's pie (or any other one of the 40 variations on a meat pie), which definitely is tasty.  Each pie I'd say is worth about $6 - $7, average price is 9.50, so a bit overpriced.  Scantily dressed, grumpy waitresses, references to beer and beer mugs everywhere, and extremely loud music that makes it hard to hear or be heard.  Basically, it's the perfect place to go if you're still in that teeny-bopper 20'ish stage, and mostly for an all-male crowd.  I wouldn't wander in here with kids, even though I did see one couple braving it with a 3 year old; they looked visibly uncomfortable.
2	Was really good the first time we came however the second time fell way short of expectations!!cool atmosphere food was okay really good the first time not sure if They had different cooks or what!!
4	Great food, but you have to have a designated amount of time blocked off to eat here.
5	A+ as always! $3.00 Irish car bombs... Can't beat that, plus the awesome food! Been going here for years!
5	Just awesome...
5	Awesome place! They always have great beer on tap and an amazing take on a traditional British dish.
5	Wow...Amazing yummy food, fantastic service, cool vibe, awesome decor...this place is pretty legit. I sampled some of everyone's and all of it was damn good. The potato and leak soup is great (which is what I got because yeah...I don't know I'm lame) my sister had the bangers mash which was so deliciously English! The only thing more English was the cottage pie (doesn't that just sound British?) my brother had the carne adovada (sp?) which was good but the table agreed that the super English ones is where it's at so that's my recommendation. AND you must end with the banoffee. That...I mean no words. So great...I mean if I decide that I didn't care if I were morbidly obese I would probably eat one everyday for the rest of my life.
3	Food is good service is so, so or bad.  Normally I get the chicken tika masala and it is yummy but i tried the steak and rosemary. It was really unappetizing.  I ate about 2 bites and that was to much.  I asked the person I was with to try it and they agreed. Both times I've tried eating at the restaurant the servers are less then stellar. If you do try here stick with the to go.
5	I have been here many times and the food is always great. Staff is nice, cider is awesome.  Only complaints parking is always full and I wish they had better chairs.
5	This is a very unique place to grab lunch or dinner. The pasties are completely delicious  and reasonably priced. The atmosphere is also pretty cool - they play great music! If you have people visit from out of town, I highly recommend you bring them here. This is one of my favorite places in the valley.
5	Wrong place
5	This place definitely live up to the reputation. These pasties are so on point and are reasonably priced. There is a good selection of beer and great atmosphere. Be prepared to share a table with another group but don't worry about it being awkward. I will be back soon for more, the shepherds pie won me over.
5	Food was awesome and the service excellent. I will be eating here again soon. I had the Cajun chicken and my wife had chicken pot pie. Both were just amazing. Andy was the best server. Fast efficient and made excellent suggestions.
5	I visited Cornish Pasty 2-3 weeks ago. It was my second time eating at this location. The food is always fantastic, but the service was particularly spot-on, too. Our waitress (wish I could remember her name) was great about checking in and always making sure our water glasses were full without being intrusive. It was honestly some of the best restaurant service I've ever had. I had the chicken pesto pasty, and my husband had the royale with cheese pasty. I can't wait to come back and try more of their menu.
5	Yes Please! Can I eat here everyday??Stopped in on a Monday night per my boo's suggestion. I was kind of sceptical about the whole idea of a fancy hot pocket but boy was I wrong!We sat on the outside patio, not the most comfortable seats more like fancy park benches but it was nice out and we had the little one so it worked. First we started out with their "chips", English for french fries. We had them with the roasted garlic and they were bomb! I had the pepper corn steak pasty. The sauce that was served with it was out of this world and all I wanted to do was dip my fries in it till the end of time! The flavors of the pasty worked well together, definitely need to be a big fan of blue cheese to enjoy it though for it provides a strong flavor. The crust was perfectly cooked and flaky and I can see how it would serve any flavor combination well. My boyfriend had the bangers and mash and I may have even liked his more than mine! The gravy served with his was equally as delicious. The vibe of the restaurant was also super chill and laid back, definitely hipsters floating around but hey, they're people too. I will definitely be back to try them all!!! I think the hamburger one may be next on my list...
4	I normally stick to the basics. But I've been here enough to explore the menu. Pasty's are always delectable. But experiencing the drinks are a must. I've relied entirely on the experience of my bartenders to walk me through the selection. Recommended!!
5	Have visited this location several times and have never been disappointed. The place has a very cool hip vibe about it as well as having excellent food and a great selection of beer. Wife always gets the carne adovada which is so good and favorable.!i have had the pilgrim the Reuben, bangers and mash meat and cheese just to name a few and all are wonderful. Fries are killer as well as the soups. All in all a great place for lunch or dinner.?
4	Went here a few weeks back and the food is great. Ambiance a lil on the darker rustic side, and music is pretty loud, so not the best family setting with kids. Long wooden tables and benches accommodate large groups and nice to have outside seating. Menu provides options from meat lovers to vegetarians, to sweet and spicy. Plan for about 15-20 for your food to arrive. Scene here is a mix of hipster and local residents on a weekday evening.
5	Any meal you can imagine wrapped up in a flaky, buttery crust!  Every Pasty I have had is delicious.  Great atmosphere, great food and great local beer.  And you can even get half-baked Pastys to take home with you to bake later.  This place is a must!
5	I love coming to Cornish Pasty! I usually sit at the bar because I love how they have old doors as the table. Super unique. I always get the chicken pot pie pasty which is so filling I usually take the 2nd half home and heat it up for lunch. It is definitely a great spot for a date night or a larger group dinner.
3	Love the desserts here the most, especially the apple caramel pasty.
5	Wow the food is amazing! It has his selection of vegetarian and vegan meals. I got the mock chicken Asiago spicy one and my partner has the bbq one. We both loved it. Even their fries are delicious. The atmosphere in here are very inviting and cozy. I sediment highly recommend you to give this place a try! I certainty will take our friends here.
5	Love love love this place!My family is from England and let me tell u this is spot on ! If we ever have a craving for English food but don't have the time or ingredients to cook it ourselves this is the place to go.My husband is a picky eater and being American not always a fan of straight up Brit food loves this place as well! I always get the shepherds pie and he usually goes for anything chicken or the Mexican style. I always get the mushy peas and he gets the fries. Just like home! We never end up getting through an entire pasty but it tastes as good reheated in the oven. And let me tell you my husband never eats leftovers and always eat his from here. The only thing I will say is that we had the pavlova one time and it's just not as good as my moms! Everything else amazing! All in all if u don't have the money to travel to England want to try the food and experience the English pub life go here! The Brits are not as bland as you think and they will prove it!
3	Yelpers seem to love it. Place was packed on Friday night. Service was good. I had Bangers snd Mash pasty. My wife had pepper steak pasty. Red wine sauce was tasty.  Both were good. My problem is that the food and service was good. Not great. Good enough to take leftovers home, but not good enough to return. Average, at best.
4	The food here is pretty good. Our host Hannah was also real lovely, thumbs up to her!!! We will definitely be going back here.
5	Excellent! The food is awesome, we had a variety of pastys. The original oggie was cooked to perfection. The Indian lamb vindaloo was spicy and very good. The cajon chicken and the chicken Alfredo were also good. I wish we were hungry enough to get dessert. The portions are large, splitting with a salad was perfect. Ambiance is also very nice. The service was outstanding. I will definitely go back when I'm in Arizona.
3	The actual pasty was great, the dough they use and how they cook it is delicious. The atmosphere is dark and bleak and I guess going for that old-time English pub feeling.The servers are all hipsters so if your grandma isn't into seeing tattooed guys with beards and skinny jeans or girls with septum piercings she might not appreciate the experience. Personally, I don't care I was here for the vegan options.The problem with a pasty is that they are pre-made so you cannot change anything, meaning you cannot add or take any ingredient away. Unfortunately for me I only think it's average because of this. If you're not a Veg then you will probably enjoy it, or if you eat cheese because almost all their vegetarian choices have cheese...and they sound delicious!I'm probably just pissy because the menu says 2 Vegan options daily and they only had 1.
4	Went here for a birthday lunch with my husband.  Talk about some great pasty's!  I recommend trying The Oggie, The Shepherd's Pie, or the Bangers and Mash.  All three were delicious!  They even have an option to take some home with you...all you have to do is pop them in the oven for a little while.  I hope to go back soon...keep up the good work Cornish Pasty Company!
5	LEEK SOUP is what i like yummmmm
5	Cornish Pasty Co is one of the most fun and unique restaurants I have been to in a long time! The staff is very unique (young and edgy looking) but they treat you really well. The food basically consists of what appear to be calzones filled with a variety of meats, cheeses, and spices. Basically whatever you are craving, they will have it stuffed inside the pastry. I highly recommend the "Royale with cheese" - it's a bacon cheeseburger themed pasty.
3	This place is ok at best. The first time we came we waited at the front for about 5 minutes with no hello or anything from anyone in the restaurant. Several of them did look at us a few times but that was it. Also, this place is pretty small so seating fills up quickly. Not kid friendly in any way. The pasties are good but if there is a bit more flavor I would probably want to go there more often.
4	Amazing! Fresh ingredients you watch them make your food in front of you. Tender flaky crust, a must try in Mesa.
4	Great food with a good selection of beer.  The place can be a tad dark,  but it just adds the the ambiance of the place.  Nice outside seating as well.
4	Great food with a good selection of beer.  The place can be a tad dark,  but it just adds the the ambiance of the place.  Nice outside seating as well.
3	Went there for girls night food was amazing drinks were good service was awful. Spent the first 20 minutes waiting for a waitress to show up just to take our drink order, the next 15 minutes were spent waiting for drinks. Finally waitress returned to take order and told us half of what we ordered was no longer available. After the waitress took our order she returned to tell us one more thing was no longer available, seems they had run out of just about everything. She did bring us free bread to soften the blow of being out of one other thing. Although the waitress was nice enough they just didn't seem to have enough service for such a busy night. I would definitely try it again because the food was spectacular but the service really needs to be worked on.
5	If you never tried the Cornish Pasty Co, try it now! I never tried a pasty before, and I was surprised how much I liked it. I ordered the chicken pot pie and my brother ordered a steak on with a peppercorn sauce. We both really enjoyed our meal. Also, the customer service was great. Sadly, I am not from the area, so it will be awhile before I can enjoy another pasty.
4	You must try Spotted Pig for the best food in town. It feels like you're eating homemade recipes as all the dishes were well prepared and rich. I would definitely recommend going back. Go early to put your name down and there's a bar you can have drinks while you wait for your table.
4	If you've never had a pasty, you need to do it.A hot pocket on steroids, this is a well prepared meal contained in a pastry shell. My wife had the Shepard's Pie and I had the chicken Tikka Masala; These were basically a luncheon portion of a meal all wrapped up in a delicate pastry. And even better, the preparation, taste and sauces were as well done as as any Irish or Indian restaurant.I also had a cup of soup---a blend of mushrooms, walnuts and spinach with some of their fresh, made on site, bread. You could taste every ingredient----it was that good.Finally, a hot, baked sticky toffee with vanilla ice cream.
5	This place reminds me of home!Great beers, bottled and on tap, and the menu (well at least the dessert menu) is exactly what my grandma cooks for Sunday lunches. The chocolate bread and butter pudding is one of the best I've ever had, and I consider myself a connoisseur. It's got brandy in it. Ask for it with creme anglais and ice cream."Get in my belly"
4	What can I say that hasn't been said about Cornish? Start with an order of oven fries, grab a delectable pasty and finish off with some banoffee. The food and drinks are always phenomenal. The same can't really be said about the service. I wouldn't recommend getting take out here. I certainly don't anymore. Only dine-in because at least then the mistakes can be fixed. Thus saving you a trip back when you realize you are missing parts of your order or if you happen to received the wrong pasty. It is about 50-50 from my experience on them getting orders right. While the service is often lacking, the food, atmosphere and good times tend to make up for it.
5	Love, love, love this place! I only wish I had found them sooner, but I seriously can't get enough. I've been here countless times and even as soon as after placing my order I start thinking about the next time I'm going to come and all the amazing pasty creations I want to have.Everything from the ambiance to the staff to (especially) the food adds to the experience and makes it wonderful. Where to start? How about the ambiance. It is quite dim here, appropriately like mining caves, and the dripping wax candles are the perfect touch to make you feel like you're part of the English history (read about it on the menu).The wait staff can be described as trendy, but we've had several occasions where they remember us and every single time they are extremely friendly. The manager is also there often and checks in on tables himself to make sure diners are 100-percent satisfied with their visit. Try sitting in different areas of the restaurant to get views of the line prep area; it's quite memorizing to see them remember which orders are which as each pasty basically looks the same coming out of the oven.Now, the food! I'll start by saying that the food here is salty, but it is seriously out of this world. The oven chips (french fries) are a hit, and usually ordered with the jalapeno topping. The mushy peas are so simple but so warm and comforting; super fresh peas mashed down to the perfect consistency; they even go great as a dip for a pasty. I almost wish I could order a bowl and have it instead of soup. "Almost" because you gotta try the soups!Every soup order is served with killer slices of fresh-baked and thick-cut bread. Dip the bread in the soup or eat it on its own. Either way don't eat too much because it'll fill you up quick and you want to definitely save room for the main event and probably dessert. The red pepper and black bean soup is nice and spicy, but the cream of leek and potato and the mushroom and walnut soups are favorites too. Order the larger bowl and you'll still be craving every last drop.There's so much that can be said about the pasty choices here. The pastry dough is perfectly crisp and the pinch on the top or side of the pasty is really one of the best parts; kind of like the crust on a pie or a pizza. My favorite has got to be the Pilgrim, which is basically an entire Thanksgiving dinner in your hand; perfectly balanced with the sweetness from the sweet potatoes, the savory and salty stuffing, and the moist chicken or turkey. However, the list is extensive for the top runners including the Oggie and the salmon. Their sauce sides pair really well with each pasty, but you can swap them out if you've come across a favorite.After all that if you've got room for dessert, I'd recommend ordering a few for the table and sampling a bit of each for the full experience. The Banoffee Pie, Shirley Temple Pudding, and the caramel apple pasty are incredible but so are the rest.If you haven't had a pasty before, make this your next "To Try" spot. I promise you'll be back for more as the menu is diverse in flavors and there has got to be something for everyone. Even vegetarians can enjoy many of the options since there is a vegetarian pasty section on the menu. It should be noted however that the ingredients in the dishes cannot be altered. Every pasty is premade, "sealed", and then cooked off in their oven to order.Prices are, in my opinion, very fair. They have happy-hour specials on drinks and unique beer selections too. I would even recommend getting take out from here. Your take-out order can be made ready-to-eat or half-baked, meaning you take it home and bake it fresh in your oven.
4	Great place for a couple, out with friends, and even children. Ordered the following pasties: The Ogee, Carne Adovado, Shepards Pie,and Cheesesteak. Also ordered the spinach, mushroom, and walnut soup & for dessert The Toffee Sticky Pudding cake. Everything was delicious and the server was relatively attentive. Whenever we come we can't wait to try a new Pasty. Great vibe in the evening and a fun place to hang out.
5	I love this place. This place is awesome for food, friends, and drinks. Their pasty is wonderful. I wish I knew about this place a lot sooner so I could have eaten their more often. I always order their cheese burger pasty and its just amazing. Everything about it is delicious. I can't find one wrong thing about this place at all. Their drinks are awesome and at a good price as well. The environment is pretty darn cool. It's definitely an Irish pub so if its super packed (Friday-Saturday night) be prepared to be sitting by someone, but that's how we made some wonderful friends as well that night. Definitely will be going there again and again until I probably die.
4	Great food with a good selection of beer. The place can be a tad dark, but it just adds the the ambiance of the place. Nice outside seating as well.
5	Hubby and me drove from Phoenix to try something new. The food was  incredible, it was well worth the drive and the fact that you can order half baked pasties to take home, only made me a bigger fan. Our waiter was very attentive.  This is our new favorite for sure.
