1	Haloween night and only one checker.  We waited in line for 20 minutes.  This place is a joke.  Look ven my photo of everyone waiting in line is the main pic.. haha
4	Not bad. Super prices. I saved 40 dollars once shopping at Food 4 Less, rather than one of the other Vegas markets. It could be a little cleaner and fresher-smelling, but that's OK. It's a discount grocery store and the people are pretty nice. Highly recommended.
3	This store is pretty clean, but can get pretty busy. The lines get long at certain times of the day, so it's good to avoid the place during peak shopping hours. It's large and well-stocked and like all other Food-4-Less' you bag your own groceries, a main reason I don't come that often. They also don't tend to stock gourmet items, so I tend to only come here when there are sales on particular items I'm looking for or to stock up for a party at my place for junk food.
3	Clean, large, has a variety of fresh produce makes for an easy shopping experience. Only having one cashier creates a bit of a back up, but it is nothing too severe. The best way to describe Food 4 Less is similar to Costco or Sam's Club without having to purchase a membership.The prices are low and they even have some ethnic food. The majority of their foreign items are Mexican, but that is not so bad if you are looking to stock up on spices. I have been looking to start juicing and their fruits and veggies will not break the bank.
2	Great Prices. Clean and very well stocked. The one thing I dislike is the parking it's always full of shopping carts that obstruct parking.
2	It is what it is, but "Food 4 Less" is a misnomer. I went to buy beer for the cajun restaurant which didn't have license, and found it to be more expensive than major grocery chains (such as Vons).  Like Luisa said, the parking is horrible and very poorly designed. There's better out there.
3	Ran for some liquor and great choice !
4	The walk into the store is quite scary, I cannot tell if it's the people outside that makes it so, or all the garbage and waste products (dirty diapers and tons of trash, even something I cannot say what it was it was so disgusting) I saw on the way in.  But once inside the store, it's very different.  Clean, organized and with a good selection of meats and produce that is as impressive as any other grocery store.  For that once in a while shopping trip to a grocery store, this one isn't my first choice, but since I was with my husband, I felt better going in with him than staying in the car.
4	They have very inexpensive food however sometimes the produce doesn't look as fresh as it should.
3	I friggin love this place.okay, so its a little terrifying walking INTO this joint, especially after dark...there are a lot of people that look like they were (for lack of a better phrase) "ridden hard and put away wet", but holy bejesus...you can get some of the weirdest things...for the lowest prices.  And I'm still stunned about how much meat they have here...and how cheap it is.  Okay, so I don't know the quality of it, but .99cents a pound for chicken?  boom.  They have those nasty smoked pig ankles my dog likes.  I think my favorite part of this place was the liquor section.  I LOVE how the good stuff is locked up, and you need assistance to get what you want...and I love the prices.  23$ for a bottle of belvedere.  Man, I wish we had you in NY, food for less.
5	conveniently located north of the Strip and conveniently open at 6am. we tend to start our March Madness here by picking up all the essentials. and by essentials, i mean booze. and lots of it. sprinkle in some porkrinds, doritos and a chocolate easter bunny, and we're set for the debauchery. the store is clean and and bright and the staff are pleasant. prices are also excellent. this spot will continue to be our first stop in town every MM.
3	Was in Vegas for a week and needed some snacks for our room.  We were in the area and stopped by this location to grab a few items.  It's gone downhill from what I remember from my last visit many years ago.  The store has aged a lot and the clientele is somewhat sketchy....a function of the surrounding area going downhill over the years as well.Overall, the store provided what we needed.  Nothing more, nothing less.Return Factor - 20%
3	I shop here alot.....the prices are awesome !! but the produce is normally less then par, and my family eats a lot of produce.Its close to my house which is great.  Good selections.Customer service sucks though.  I understand they do not bag our groceries which i prefer to do myself anyways....but ive seen the cashiers straight up refuse to help elderly or less then strong people with their heave items.I will continue to shop here cause i love to save money.....but the customer service reallllllllllllly needs a lift
3	I shop here sometimes when I don't feel like going to smiths the prices are reasonable and I always find everything that I am looking for at a good price and it's only a couple of blocks from  my house. The reason for the 3 stars is because of two things one sometimes the store is dirty and there are items mixed up with other items and the floors are usually really dirty. And two the customer service is so so  sometimes they can be helpful and other times not so much but other then that this is my go to store when I am looking to save money when I go grocery shopping or when I don't feel like shopping at smiths.
1	I am really a glutton for punishment I suppose the couple of times I have made the mistake in coming here! The only reason I have even stepped foot into this store was because is super close to my house. I remember the horrid smell of rotting vegetables that stank in the produce "section". Whoa I am glad I had an empty stomach otherwise I would have lost my belly junk. Stinky and the floors are constantly dirty, black marks all over the place. They have clearly just given up on any sanitary decisions regarding store cleaning. The employees are always unfriendly, bitchy and sullen on all occasions. If I could kick my own as I would have for making the same mistake over and over by coming back out of convenience. Well at this point I would drive 100 miles elsewhere to get what I need to avoid this assault on the nose and horrid sour milk smell.Smells bad bad bad bad, it effing is so foul I would rather shove my face in a skunks juice box rather than inhale this funktitued!Forgive me I am just bitter, the experience was scarring and that bad.
5	Today was my wife's birthday.  Yesterday I went around to several bakeries in search for an eight inch round white cake. My wife is picky and I've been experimenting for six months now. I ended up at food for less where the baker recommended the white triple layer cake with whipped cream cheese frosting. It was ready the next day.  It was the very first cake I gave my wife which she said was perfect. I give the baker five stars and thank her for putting the frosting on my wife's birthday.
2	Famous Pros & Cons instead of babble/chatter!Pros - Sometimes lots of food is relatively cheapCons - Where do I begin...one of the worst Food 4 Less I've been to.Most fruits & vegetables while a little cheaper than other stores are a day away from being roach/fly foodFar from fresh, most fruits and veggies look dried, shriveled up and maybe picked up the night before from Smiths or Albertson instead of it being tossedStore has largely chemical or dying food smell - not a good hygienic sign...Parking lot was so full on a super hot 110 day that you'd think food is freeAll carts were out and many were broken (wheels) or had trash in themFood isn't THAT much cheaper.  Check out Sprouts for instance, or other stores for sales before coming here. Frankly I'd pay 20% more so that all my fruits and veggies don't all look like raisins and must be eaten asap before they completely shrivel up and die. Fresh Meat prices are about the same as other stores, but given how fresh their fruits and veggies are, I'd rather pass on meat  here. In sum, if you're starving fresh out of work and willing to eat Albertsons' yesterday's food and save a dollar, this place is for you!
1	The only Thing good About this place is I can run across the street to get what I need. It's Just Low Budget, Ghetto and Smells Like a Hobos Sack after a 110 degree Vegas Day asking For Change at a intersection...Avoid If you can.
4	Cheapest place to buy your every day need for your home.Go there for a good customer service and great variety.I had forgotten my cc at home when realizing it at the register. She wrapped all my groceries and placed them in the fridge until I came back with my cc.Thanks.
