5	The Mills Avenue District is located between 3rd Street and Mill Avenue - 5 blocks from the Arizona State University campus. It's busy place that's teeming with activity, lots of traffic and skateboarders. There's a variety of restaurants and bars to please most anyone's palate. Outdoor seating is available at most restaurants to take advantage of the wonderful Arizona springtime weather. Boutique clothing stores cater to the university crowd. The police make their presence known by patrolling the area on bike or on horseback.
3	Best Feature: AmbianceI'm gonna have to be brutally honest with you, Mill Avenue is not the coolest place in Tempe.  In the old days, Mill was more of a bohemian paradise, with hippie street performers, people walking in the street and a cookie shop that opened it's doors and wafted the smell of cookies through the air.Today, the Mill Avenue District (Isn't "District" a bit lofty of a word to describe a two mile strip on one street?) has been more commercialized.  Now, that's not necessarily a bad thing - look at 3rd Street Promenade in Santa Monica, that's commercial and fun.  But Mill is home to several bars, 3 clothing stores and a mixture of expensive and inexpensive restaurants.  If they had truly thought out their expansion, they would have branched out a while ago and made an "arts district" a "shopping district" etc.  As it its now, they have no idea what it's supposed to be, but they slapped the "Mill Avenue District" name on it to give people the feeling they're living in a real city.Mill's real problem now is that the buildings are too expensive for anyone not representing a giant company to afford.  Even if they somehow afford one, the rent and the lack of people buying things usually drives them in the ground (Swell Clothing RIP).However, Mill is not without it's merits.  If you ARE looking for a place to get drunk, it's very convenient, especially for ASU students.  Slices is a great no nonsense pizza by the slice joint.  Occasionally, there are events like the Arts Festival, which end up being fun.Overall, Mill is better than nothing, but it's got a long way to go.
4	The Mill Avenue District is the ONLY place in Arizona where you can actually walk from place to place.  You can park your car and spend all day there!  It is also the only downtown area that is waterfront, so you can relax while walking along Tempe Town Lake, or even rent a paddle boat from Rio Lago.There a several great restaurants in the Mill Avenue District, such as Caffe Boa, House of Tricks, and La Bocca Urban Pizzeria & Wine Bar.  There are also several major events that are definetly worth going to, like the twice annual Tempe Festival of the Arts!  Downtown Tempe encompasses the Mill Avenue District (Mill Ave), the Lake District (Tempe Beach Park), University District (College Ave), and the Farmer Arts District (Ash Ave).  There is LOTS to do.
3	Great place if you're that type of ASU student that likes to get shitty drunk on the weekend and wind up in someone else's bed. Or just get shitty drunk. Kind of a bro-fest on the weekends, Mill Ave. is tolerable and sometimes very nice during the afternoons. It's pleasant to go down and get a cup of coffee, walk around. With the loss of Border's Books I don't go down there that often, but will take the Orbit Bus to get a cuppa with a friend or something. I just wish there was more room for smaller, more interesting businesses. The cluster of bars and expensive clothing stores are underwhelming.  The trees, though, and the older buildings are charming. All in all, I hope Mill shapes up to be a place where everyone can go and enjoy themselves. It's time to bring back a balance and draw all different types back in.
2	Too bad this Mill Ave. district reviewing isn't separated into different eras.  I preferred the pre-Millenial Ave. days, such as the early 90's right when the expansion started and it was "the place" with fresh shops that were all OPEN, and fewer of those annoying homeless people asking for money or tampons.   This was when the Coffee Plantation was locally owned, had coffee carts on campus at ASU, and the coffee was actually somewhat good.  Mill had so much traffic of people cruising that the police had crude anti-cruising measures set up to reduce the traffic.  Even though I never ate at Long Wong's and a few others that are gone, it is sad to see them not there.  No... SLICES and THE LIBRARY don't cut it for me.
2	I'm 30.  That makes me at least five years too old to be on Mill Avenue to bar hop on a Saturday night (unless you're a transient).  Although I have to admit that I enjoy stopping by every few months for the nostalgic value.  It brings me back to my college days at ASU even though most of the places I frequented back then are gone.Mill is a great place to go get something to eat.  Maybe even hit up a bar or two after a football or basketball game.  But if you're no longer of college age.  You may want to avoid it at all costs.
1	I absolutely HATE that I can say this... but, I remember the days when Mill Avenue had a different feel to it. There used to be fewer chains and the vibe was much more bohemian, making it more or less the only part of the Valley with any personality. Several years later, visitors to Mill Avenue really just go to a simulacrum; a soulless husk of an Old West-ish main drag. Don't be fooled by the "historical buildings" on the street, as a number of them are over a century old, but quite a few were built architecturally designed to look old. I can appreciate the aesthetic value of it, just as I can appreciate the attempt to make a walkable neighborhood. Unfortunately, only this synecdoche of Tempe is walkable: the majority of visitors have to drive to get here (not good for a bar-hopping/drinking-and-driving destination) and the lack of amenities would still make it difficult to live and work here without a car, unless they shop for groceries at the corner CVS. Its proximity to ASU is likely to keep it a popular destination, as is Downtown Phoenix' laziness and willingness to let Tempe take prominent events (i.e. Oktoberfest, New Year's Eve,) but all in all it's worth avoiding.
5	You're getting old. Your college days are over, and you have a crippling fear of "douchebags" or lightly dressed women who remind you how much weight you've gained since graduation. You tiptoe through the mainstay restaurants like Rula Bula while avoiding Sun Devils at every cost. Then you post unflattering reviews on Yelp while secretly knowing you've enjoyed every trip.Mill Ave falls somewhere in between posh outdoor strip mall that tickles every fancy to unnavigable, clogged road, full of drunkards and the cops who babysit them. Either way, I'll be having a blast. Think to yourself: Where else in this town could you stumble out of the bar at 2AM, find yourself in a hookah bar until 4AM, then grab some cheap eats and chat until 6AM, when the booze starts flowing again. It's a cycle that can last as long as your wallet or organs do.Seriously though, there's no place I'd rather be taking a stroll in the middle of the night. Paired with all the epic times I've had here with or without getting hammered, I'm afraid this is as good as it gets in these parts.
4	I enjoy going to Mill Ave. Whether it's for the nightlife or going to the different restaurants, there is always something to do to suit your different tastes. Mill Ave. is a place anyone should try especially on lazy days when you don't know what to do. It's a good place to hang out with your friends!
2	I am reviewing Mill Ave as a whole, this is different than the individual businesses on the Ave.Mill Ave seems like a fun place to hang out when you get bored, and it is, mostly.I really don't like the police force out there (are any of them good in the Valley?), they are way too in your business which they should be for disruptive or drunk people, but not really for those of us who are clearly not doing anything wrong. If I am sitting on a bench on Mill Avenue that does not imply that I am also a drunk underage drug dealer as well.However there are many disruptive people on Mill Avenue, and it seems that the cops are less worried with those who are actually committing crimes. I mean I am a firm believer in the saying "two each his own", do what you gotta do to be happy. I am not easily bothered but when I walk down a street and see a man peeing in the open, a man vomiting in a bush, a group of guys in speedos, and a group of girls in lacy bras within five minutes, I am a bit irritated. Especially because more than a few cops passed by and my friends and I are the only ones who look suspicious.There are also the countless creepers you can find on Mill Ave. I am not talking about the homeless, they are actually quite easy to get along with around there. I am referring to the guys that basically harass everyone of the female gender that walks by.I mean I suppose I should know what I'm getting myself into by heading over to a place such as Mill Avenue, but it's a bit ridiculous.
4	Downtown Tempe now has free metered parking after 6 PM on weekdays. It gets crowded, but some spaces are usually available near the Tempe Beach Park end of Mill.
3	Mill Ave and I have had some fun... back when it was two lanes and there was a cop sitting around recording license plate numbers to issue tickets for "cruising"... It used to be busy. FUN busy, not homeless busy. Every storefront was occupied, and there were some awesome independent shops. These days it has a different feel, shops are empty and stores are opening and closing within a few months. Nobody cruises Mill anymore, there are even times I almost try to avoid it because I just don't want to be asked for money again... but I'm biding my time... waiting for the day I can update this with five stars. I know it's coming... I know it is, let's just hope I don't pull a Harold Camping here.
5	Mill is a unique area and a great part of Tempe.  It has its own character, love it or hate it.  Some business plans thrive here, and some that seem like sure things fizzle and disappear.  Lots of good bars and shops.Go here during the day to grab lunch or do your banking, or go for the nightlife, with Thursday through Saturday nights being the best.
3	For those looking for a rowdy night on the town in a college setting, a very diverse crowd or you simply want to cheer on the Sun Devils, this is your spot. Mill is lively, it's got a lot going on, the streets are lined with restaurants, bars and shops and your bound to leave Mill with a story. But, if you aren't ready for a Vegas-style night in a very young (early 20's) setting, this might not be your spot. Like Emma W said, I am also reviewing Mill as a whole. I have been to several places on Mill that I like and several that I dislike. For those reasons, I am giving it a solid three stars. I like restaurants such as Canteen, Cafe Boa, Gordon Beirsch, Rula Bula, La Bocca and a couple others. I'm not a fan of any of the bars on Mill but was and would be if I was still in college or in that mind set. If I was going to visit a bar on Mill, I would go to the Big Bang piano bar for some live piano music, but be warned that it gets really crowded. I like that Tempe Town Lake is near the Mill District and they host lively concerts, block parties and races. They also have sail boating and paddle boating. And finally, I like that Mill Ave has a lively vibe where I know that no matter when I visit Mill, it was always have a group of interesting visitors. I don't like how dirty, crowded, rowdy and out of control Mill can get on any college game day or at night. I try to avoid Mill at night at all costs because like I mentioned above, I'm not college age anymore. If you go to Mill, I suggest you go during the day or if you go at night, be prepared.
3	I have to give Mille Avenue a positive up for the mere fact that they might be the only district in the Valley that have adopted parking meters with an option to pay by credit card! It's great. I can't count the number of times that I need to park in a meter but lack the change needed. However, with these meters, all I had to do was swipe my card and poof! I was able to put time on the meter.
4	I did not stop at any of the bars or restaurants along this corridor, I just drove on Mill Ave to see what was out here. It was busy on a Saturday night/early Sunday morning. It is worth visiting, if you are seeking something to do after the Star sets!
1	Yuck.(And I'm not one of the people comparing it to how it was in the 70s either - I am a 21 year old college student that thinks it is yuck.)Mill Avenue is not the hype people give it. It is disgusting. It's dirty and grimy (and not just because it's old). There are homeless drug addicts everywhere you turn, that will harrass you if you don't give them change, and scare the crap out of me when I have to walk past. I will NOT walk down Mill after dark alone. Full of wasted college kids here every weekend night of course, and it is a terrible atmosphere if you're not 21-24 looking to get hammered and lucky.Good luck finding parking, it's all metered, expensive garages, or free 3 blocks away at Farmer and 5th, but that's usually full of students' cars.EDIT: No more free parking, ANYWHERE! 5th and Farmer is now "Permit Only" until 6 pm. So if you want to get lunch or hit happy hour, you are SOL on parking. Gee, Mill Avenue, guess you really must not be doing well, that you have to take more and more free parking away every few months.The stores are all corporate garbage, except for Old Town Books, Hippie Gypsy and a couple independent (at least I think) restaurants/bars. How exactly is a giant PF Changs, Urban Outfitters, and Starbucks conducive to "local flavor"? The rent in the area is outrageous, hence why the mom-and-pops can't stay in business.And if I didn't hate Mill Avenue enough, the fact that they had a cute mom-and-pop ice cream sandwich store (Cookiez) and then allowed "Slickables", a big honking backed-by-tons-of-money store selling the EXACT SAME PRODUCT with Dreyers ice cream to move in across the street. That was just in poor taste, especially since Cookiez is now out of business.Take your venture to Old Town Scottsdale instead - way more variety!
1	I am just going to hit on the new "Mill Avenue's New Year's Eve" since most of the year, Mill Ave is exactly what you would expect so you should know if this is the kind of atmosphere you want to visit or not. Because the Fiesta Bowl didn't find hosting the NYE block party as profitable, Tempe was left to execute the event alone starting 12/31/12. Previously, Mill was barricaded off, you had to pay to enter, and the block party included a variety of stages and outdoor vendors you could visit while mulling around the crowds or visiting the Mill Ave shops/bars. At the north end of the party was a stage that generally included a well known music performance. Now that Tempe has taken over, the only significant difference between NYE and any other night on Mill is the crowded sidewalks. Now, while I have a hard time faulting a non-profit for backing away from a losing venture, in the case of the Fiesta Bowl, an organization that has proven to be a private circle jerk for Arizona's most-connected individuals, where their organization benefits heavily from public support well beyond their NP status, they seem to only find losing ventures as those which do not provide the most value to the Fiesta Bowl members personally. The city of Tempe's 2012/2013 event was enough to make sure I don't return next year. Honestly, I don't even give one star reviews but there is nothing to savor about the event as a whole. It's free and you get exactly what you pay for -- crowds of people crammed onto the sidewalks so pedestrians can't move and traffic can't make it through the crowds that saturate the crosswalks. There is no organization so each bar is doing it's own thing (except more crowded/expensive than usual), and all the while, the only "entertainment" is the same burnouts who always sit on Mill with their drum music trying to engage pedestrians for money.  But should you still decide to go next year -- because the city's PR department will tell us that they've made it better than ever -- don't say I didn't warn you.
1	I am just graduated from ASU and I have avoided mill avenue like the plague, unless it was at night. Why would I pay ALOT of money, just to park where my car isn't even watched, just to get hassled by homeless and begged for spare change by drug addicts. I feel like Im in an episode of walking dead when I am on this street. Not only are there homeless and pieces of trash lingering and begging, there is literally trash everywhere and everything is dirty. If you are a guy, the only store for you is urban outfitters so the shopping also sucks.  I have no problem making the drive to scottsdale where you don't pay to park, theres no homeless, and the only drugs users than affect you are the roid monkies.
3	Love the shopping, food, drink and pulse. Hate the religious fanatics screaming on the corners with bullhorns or shoving jesus cards in your face.
5	Mill Avenue District is the place to be and be seen in Tempe.  The corollary is that it is a good place for people watching . . .  if you like seeing drunk college students.  Yeah, it's Tempe, and it's a college town.  Shopping, dinning, drinking, strolling, and froyo, Mill District has it all in spades.  The new family fav is Canteen.  The fam has also been known to stop in for pizza at Mellow Mushroom and La Bocca.  We've tried the foyo and bought some shoes.  The side walks are wide, the traffic slow, the decorations come out during the holidays, and the parking isn't bad if you know where to look.  Mill has a character and charm all of it own.  And who knows, it might even have a light rail station one day.
3	Mill Ave is alright. If I were a decade younger, I'm sure I would love it. I don't get to see the college-age nightlife very often now, so it's a little entertaining to watch all the stumbling around, shouting, laughter and vomiting into bushes (okay, that part isn't so entertaining). There are a few bars, restaurants and shops that I enjoy on Mill, but it's not a place I visit regularly.
5	This has to be the best entertainment area in Arizona. Lots of bars, restaurants and shops. There seems to be more offerings for anyone under 40, if not under younger. Fun day or night, but wY different late night. Parking is easy.
3	We came to Mill Ave in search of cigar and eats and in that it didn't disappoint. We came down around lunchtime in the middle of the week, so I didn't really notice a lot of the stuff people were complaining about (i.e. homeless). There was a ton of construction going on but there was a good amount of parking. We paid, but as we were walking noted that there was a bunch of free ones around everywhere.
3	Our experience with Mill Ave was a bite to eat and a stop at a store, so it was pretty limited.  We went during the week, mid day and saw nothing but busy students and professional people getting breakfast and running errands.  It seemed like a nice enough area with lots of eating options and shops. There are lots of meters to park, but also look on the side streets, there were open free spots everywhere.
4	Great place to hang out on Thursday nights and Saturdays. I come here with my friends when we want a change of scene from old town. The bars are cool and id check out gringo star and el hefe. Mill is fun just be careful on the streets alone. Also la boca is great along with z Tejas and ra.
