4	This location used to be a Starbucks, so this is a brand new Rubio's. The decor inside was pretty amazing, and the salsa bar was fresh and fully stocked!! The roasted chipotle salsa was pretty bad ass!I got the grilled salmon taco and salad for $4.99. It was light, but filling, and healthy!!!The salmon was cooked excellent and all the food was fresh!!Great deal, good service, and nice clean place!!
4	Stopped for quick food on the way to the Hoover Dam from LV.  It's new and very clean inside.  Got the Big Burrito Especial.  For $8.41 I got a soda and big burrito that was excellent.  The regular salsa was good, especially with a bunch of the chopped onion/cilantro mixed in.Sadly I checked the website when I got back to VA today and the closest location is 1,725 miles away in Aurora, CO.  Luckily I found out that I can save 3 hours by taking I-64W from Lexington, VA instead of just I-81.
3	OMFG, everybody in my office was going GaGa over free food!!  How do you cheer up a bunch of grumpy employees sweating like pigs because the A/C wasn't working in the office.  Free burritos!!!!  It was the talk of the office all day.  Hey did you get your free burrito?  "Yes, now leave me alone.  Go away"I only came here because of the free coupon for the Burrito Especial they're promoting for the Las Vegas Film Festival.  The only other time I've eaten at a Rubio's I had the fish tacos.  I figured I would never return. But....................Anytime, there's free food you expect the long lines and long wait for your food.  But I must commend the people running this place efficiently for being so busy.  Very well organized and they had portable vibrators so you knew when your order was ready.  I grew up in San Francisco (Land of the Taquerias) and being a burrito snob and typically despise chains like Chipotle, Baja Fresh and Rubio's so I wasn't expecting much.  But nobody should ever go here because of "authenticy".  But as for the burrito itself eeh it was aiight.  The good was that the steak or chicken tasted straight from the grill.  The guacamole tasted fresh and not like the kind that's processed in a plastic container.  But is it $8 good?  That's debatable depending on your standards.  But the good news is I have yet to have an immediate "closed-door meeting" today!  Usually bad "mexican food" leads to a quick meeting for most people.  With all that said, I don't see myself returning anytime soon.  I'll stick with my favorite mainstay taquerias that serve my beloved Lengua, Al Pastor and Carnitas options for authenticity.
4	Rubio's can be found in the shopping center at Eastern & Serene with the Ross' and Home Depot. It is the far south east corner near Papa Johns.I love their fish taco's! The fish is Pollock that has been dipped in a beer batter and fried to perfection. I don't find it too oily at all. You can pick between corn or flour tortillas, I chose corn. The original is topped with cabbage, salsa and some white sauce.. cheese maybe? Not too sure what it is, but it is delicious! The Especial comes with gaucamole, onions & cilantro and cheese. The plate comes with a side of their "no fried" beans and chips. I changed out the beans for their side of rice. I found these sides to be kind of small in servings. My boyfriend added a side rice to his and it was only $.50, but it was small. You can also switch it out with black beans as well.I found the establishment to be very clean. They have a salsa bar near the fountain drinks. They have 4 different salsas. Salsa verde, picante, mild salsa, and chipotle. They also had an onion/cilantro mixture, and of course pickled peppers & carrots (like robertos!)Service is quick and they are very helpful. I haven't tried anything else yet, because I really like their world's famous fish tacos.. but they also have mahi and chili lime salmon and shrimp. They also have chicken and beef for all you non-seafood lovers out there. Their food is very fresh and their tortillas are pretty awesome too!
4	Above-average American-Mexican fast food. Good salsa bar. My wife swears by the fish tacos.
5	We came here on a Saturday afternoon after going to the gym and found this place nearby. he ordered his favorite the 2 gourmet taco combo. (gourmet grilled shrimp, bacon & herb. Damn thats good!) and the steak. which is ok. (my 2nd fav. taco is the veggie ..and believe it or not I'm a steak lover burt I also love me some poblano & portabello mushrooms taco. (in soCal it was called poblano & portabello but in LV its called "Veggie".  I went w/ the grilled grande bowl. only 550 if you ask for it w/no dressing. and its gorgeous!!! I asked for the dressing on teh side and if you dip your fork into the dressing b4 ea. bite- you get less calories!  I highly recommend this place.
4	This is one of the better "Americanized" Mexican restaurants.  Famous for their fish tacos, which are very tasty (on Tuesdays, they are only $1.25!).  I've also tried their Burrito Especial - not bad, but can be dry at times.  They also have a salsa bar you can choose from.  Restaurant is clean, roomy, and service is quick.
4	I don't come here very often, but I have to admit the couple times I have, I'm impressed. I like their new langostine(mini-lobster) tacos and their grilled fish taco. I've tried their fried fish taco but it's oily and grossly battered. Service is so-so as one time the counter folk are very customer service oriented but the other time, the guy was oblivious.
4	I was strong armed into ordering lunch for a 25 person Inservice here by my Boss. There's a reason they pay him the big bucks! They not only made a whole lot of tasty food, everythings was made to order, LABELED, so you knew what you were eating, but also set me up with a box that divedes the utensils, plates and napkins, so they didn't get mixed up. They also delivered the food on a cart to my rather tiny car, and the guy CRAWLED in to make sure everything was balanced so it would fall. While I was waiting I asked if there was a pond store nearby. The lady behind the counter actually did an Internet search, and gave the directions and address. That;'s customer service. Much better than Pollo Loco, who said they only check their fax once a day and didn't know my order was on there last Inservice. I am a fan, I will use this Rubio's a LOT!
4	Pretty darn tasty tacos....I like that the tortilla is fried on one side so the inside has a light crispy butter covering.... Fattening but a yummy added element to your taco experience.The creamy sauce they put on the shrimp taco is Yummers and the steak is soft and tender. I really liked the shrimp and steak tacos!!!The chips & beans are pretty standard.There is a salsa bar but none of the salsa's are really outstanding to me...The food however was yummy....
3	Since I won a $50 Rubio's catering gift certificate at a Yelp event, I figured it was time to finally try out Rubio's.Placing the catering order was very simple and easy. You can do it all online - pick out what you want, when you want to pick it up, etc. (And you can arrange delivery if you want.) And I appreciated that they called me the day before my scheduled pick-up to confirm the order.When I walked in to pick up the order, the place itself was actually quite nice for a fast food-type place. And some of the pictures of the fish tacos did have me salivating just a little bit. And the menu did appear to be rather expansive.As soon as I arrived, I was helped immediately. Once I said "catering pick-up", they knew my name, knew I had a gift certificate, had my order all packed up and ready to go, etc.The packaging was pretty nice. It was all in a nice, reusable tote-type bag. On top was a box of utensils, napkins, and plates. And nothing I ordered spilled or leaked or anything.I ordered two platters - one salad and one quesadilla (mix of some steak and some cheese). Honestly, the quesadillas weren't much to write home about. Good, but nothing different or standout about them - just average. The guacamole that came with them, though, was above average. The salad, while just a salad, was quite tasty. There was plenty of cheese, which I appreciated, and the dressing was deliciously spicy. So good service and good food, but nothing that really pushed me to think of it as more than a-ok. However, I do now intend to go back and try out some of their tacos and other items. And probably get some more of that salad dressing.
4	Place is clean, food is tasty, and it's priced right. You just have to be careful and check out their nutrition facts online, b/c some of their 'fish taco's are loaded with fat.You could eat a burger, fries, and a milk shake for the same 'fish taco meal'.But they have tons of condiments and there's never a line.
2	I love the taste and quality of the food at Rubios. However, this location my husband and I have been to 4 times and EVERY VISIT they have MESSED up the order!  The good thing is they are apologetic and remake it, but this last time they messed it up even after taking it back.  The receipt will say the right thing, but the person actually making the food will do different.  1. Did flour instead of corn tortillas 2. Putting on sauces that we asked for not to be on the food 3. Chicken instead of steak. The food is good, and they were nice, and sorry for their mistakes, but the time & wait is not worth it. We will not return to this location, but will go to other locations.
4	I like Rubios, just find it a little pricey for what you get. But do love me some fish tacos Tuesday night. Sasla's are all good too.
3	Fish taco, shrimp taco... yeh, I love it! But if the shrimp is not fried will be much better! I just don't like fried seafood.
5	Perfect location, very friendly staff, always clean, and the food is always amazing. (:
3	I used to love this place, lately when I go it is very bland and boring.  I don't know if they have gotten worse or my taste buds have just gotten more picky.  It is better then like Taco Bell or something, but it isn't really that wonderful.
4	Just as good as any other Rubio's I've been too. The staff is usually friendly and establishments are kept clean. I'm addicted to their fish tacos, but I'll try something different every now and then. I've never been disappointed. Always fresh and fast.
5	This is my favorite Rubios! I eat here very often, have had tons of different employees and it's all been great! The 2 taco Gourmet chicken taco plate is my favorite and defintely a recommendation! I like to get it as a burrito sometimes  :) YUMMMM
5	I had the Atlantic Salmon burrito. There was delightfully flaky salmon, rice, red onions, guacamole all wrapped in a delight flour tortilla. The serving seemed bigger than my head and came with tortilla chips that were perfectly crispy and sensationally salted. I sampled each salsa from the bar and have decided that the tomatillo is the one for me. I absolutely love that they have Vanilla Coke 'on-tap'.We will absolutely be back for more. :)
5	I'm originally from Southern California where you can get some GREAT tacos - This place reminds me of all the great tacos along the beach area in So Cal.  Highly recommend it - some of the best tacos in Vegas.  I've tried every taco on the menu - all fantastic!
3	This location is a nice little spot, for when I really want a chicken bowl. Located near the Golds gym I see many protein needing people in here often, but theres always a few things that bother me here. The chicken bowl, its really really good...But the problem is, that its pricey. At about $10 a meal for something that might or might not fill you up, it might be a better bet to head to a more authentic Mexican place in the area.
5	Delicious every time! They should run more specials and keep the salsa bar cleaner.
4	Seriously! Best Fish Taco next to Mexico!I would give one more star if the service was little better....
5	This Rubio's is far better than any of the mexican food I've tried here in Henderson.  Awesome service and food quality.  Probably better than other Rubio's I've tried across California.
4	My coworker was very hesitant to try the fish tacos, as she is a self-proclaimed picky eater. I got two for her, knowing she would love them. She did. The end.
5	Excellent fish tacos (used to come here every Tuesday for $1.25 tacos) now that I can't eat those I've been exploring the GF menu. The other night I had a grilled Mahi taco and gourmet steak taco (be careful those come with bacon) Both were really good. I also really like the Pinto beans.. I usually put some salsa and cabbage from my tacos in it. Yum! My favorite salsa is a mix the two red ones. I get the bigger salsa cups from behind the counter and do one scoop of each. Try it! Service st this location has always been friendly and quick. Also they have an easy to use online and in store allergen (dairy & gluten free) menu. One of my favorite taco places.
3	The food tastes great and I like that it's always quality. What stops me from giving a higher rating is their customer service as well as how long it takes for them to make two tacos when there is no line and very few customers in the whole restaurant.
4	Delicious clean best first fish burrito I ever tasteBut I think its a pricey
5	I was always told how good the fish tacos at Rubio's were. One day I decided to actually try some and didn't regret it. Can't go wrong with $1.50 fish tacos on Tuesday. Quick service and great tacos
4	Great fish tacos and burritos!  Maybe not the best spot if you're in a hurry...takes a few minutes to prepare things fresh.  I come here every few weeks or so.  Never been disappointed.
4	I'ma keep this simple.  I only come here on Tuesdays for their 1.50 fish tacos. fresh, delicious, and always hits the spot.I like up dress up my tacos with their assorted sauces and sides.  Always a good choice after a workout.They have forever earned my business with their customer service and demeanor.
5	The very first time I tried Rubios was when my family came to visit me out here. my dad told me to meet him and my family here for lunch as they awaited for me. At first I just thought it was going to be a regular Mexican Taco place. But boy was I wrong.. Rubios is probably one of my favorite places to go to in Vegas. After living here for a couple years already and never knew or heard about them I was so mad that I never came to their place. Their food is amazingly delicious and you will not have any regrets. My girlfriend's family came to visit her as well and I brought them to Rubios to try and they loved it so much that they "forced" me to take them there again before they left. For any person visiting Las Vegas, I would highly, highly recommend giving Rubios a taste that you will never forget.
3	We used 2 coupons and just paid separately. I had the Ancho Shrimp burrito on a whole wheat tortilla. It was decent; I don't think I've ever had a BAD meal at Rubio's, however this burrito could have used a bit more rice. It was tasty though and had a decent amount of shrimp placed throughout the burrito, which probably accounts for the $7.79 price tag. Definitely tasted better with a $1 off coupon I received via email. My son had the Burrito Especial w/chicken, gave it a thumbs up.
4	I love the attitude of the employees there ,the food is cooked fresh and even the cooks have a great personality and you can tell care about your experience . I wish the customer service level in every restaurant was at this level!!!
4	Good Mexican fast food with sustainable seafood tacos, enchiladas, and burritos.  The shrimp enchiladas and tacos are actually pretty good (the shrimp isn't over cooked).  Tuesdays, their fish tacos are half price for $1.50.  Pretty good deals and economical for those on a budget.  Highly recommend and hands down, much better than Taco Bell.
1	As some of you may know, the kitchen area is visible from the lobby area. So you can sit feet away and watch them prepare your food... Well, I just witnessed the cook wring a towel from a dirty bucket, wiped down the prep counter then without hesitation, proceeded to prepare food while still wearing the soiled gloves. Not once did he attempt to wash his hands! Disgusted, I demanded the manager have him at least, change his gloves. The manager didn't even apologize, instead he responded with an attitude as if I was being "boushy". WTF
1	I love Rubio's but this location is terrible! The service is very slow even when they are not very busy. I've been there a few times and they have messed up my order every time. Once they made the completely wrong burrito. Another time I got chicken instead of steak. Tonight I ordered a Steak Burrito Especial to go, got home to eat it and there was not one piece of steak in the burrito. They also tried to give me a tiny one ounce container of guacamole with my order of chips and guacamole. I go to the location on Green Valley and Pebble all the time and they have always given me the 4 oz cup of guacamole with the chips and guacamole and they always get my order correct at that location. Avoid this location and go to the Green Valley and Pebble location instead.
4	I come here for one reason only! $1.50 fish taco Tuesday's! Of course there are other things on the menu, but the fish tacos are delicious!! The fish is fried perfectly crispy and is served with your choice of corn or flour tortillas. And at $1.50 each, you can easily wolf down 5 or 6 depending on your appetite. The kitchen is open, so you can watch them prepare your food. The employees have always been nice. And the salsa bar is awesome!! Mild, medium, hot...they have it all. Don't forget to load up on the cilantro/onion garnish too. Two thumbs up for me!
4	Great regional chain spot for a quick lunch. This place has some good fish tacos, the normal fried fish tacos and the mango habanero grilled mahi mahi tacos!  Both are tasty, if you go on a Tuesday the original fish tacos are $1.50 after 2:30pm.The chicken burrito especial isn't a bad pick either.  The nice thing they also have here is a churro, nice ending for a quick lunch.  Most meals come with the pinto beans and chips which are pretty decent, nothing special but good.This location is pretty clean and lots of space to eat inside or outside.
4	Pretty solid lunch place for baja tacos.  They have a great salsa bar with a variety of flavors.  They are typically pretty quick with the food.  The tacos come with corn tortillas unless you ask for flour.  Don't forget the churro to round out your meal.  This is a great lunch place.
