1	The service was not good and the menu is not impressive.  I did not like any of the pizza options (you can either get vegetarian or "standard" beef or pork toppings (no chicken or fish toppings like you can get at places like Wolfman or Anzi or Brixx).   I ordered the Salmon Artichoke Pasta and quite frankly, it tasted like a frozen entree that you would buy in the grocery store.  My partner ordered one of the meat pizzas and found it to be heavy and greasy.   We found no reason whatsovever to go back.
3	It's a nice alternative to Brixx and the delivery chain pizza places, but not too much of a step up.  The pizza is coal fired, but I didn't notice that impacting the taste too much.  The coal firing gives it a subtle smoky taste, but that's about it.  I thought the sauce was overly sweet.  The toppings were good quality and generous.  The wings were actually pretty good, and the salad was acceptable.  The space itself is nice with several big screen TV's, nice wooden tables and chairs and a full bar.  The service was very good- they even comped part of my meal after a small mix-up on the order. It's definitely kid-friendly and very accessible for wheelchairs.Overall its worth a try, and a good place to go if you're tired of the other options and need a change of scenery.
1	went with some freinds this weekend to visit cheese mo'z was very disappointed.  we ordered 2 different pizza's , both were just okay nothing to brag about.  the pizza with ham, pineapple an pepproni the edge was burned not just from the coal of which our waitress tried to tell us an a few pieces of the ham were burned.    however i will say the meat toppings they were generous with. i will say the cheesey bread was good :)   the service we received was very poor.  three of us had empty glasses we asked her for water an tea it took a while.  that happened at least 3 times this was during lunch on a saturday, they were not croweded at all.
2	Our group was very dissappointed with the pizza.  The margarita pizza was loaded with garlic which was overpowering - ended up throwing out half of the pizza. However, The Trailblazer, sausage, roasted onions and peppers and portabella mushrooms was good.  The wine was not very good we actually sent it  back becuase it was old.  Best just to stick with the soda. When we went almost 1 year ago, it was very good.maybe it just was not a good night.It was not crowded tonight, so that wasn't an issue.
2	ItWas about 9Months since we were there and must say we will not be trying this again!The spinach artichoke dip was not too be desired. It was like soupy queso cheese dip out of a jar and the pizza was just ok this time when we brought home the leftovers to reheat the cheese it seemed to be they are using artificial cheese now- ugh. Can't believe the differenceFrom just. FewMonths agoToNowYuck!
