4	Great Cuban food at a great price!
5	You want great Cuban food? Great atmosphere? Great price? Great people? Like cigars? Then Carlos Cafe is the place to go.  They have outdoor seating as well.  Live music is being worked on.  Owners are very friendly and treat you like family. Love the new location.  The new location is hopping with activity.  Might want to call ahead and see how busy they are.
2	I hate to do this, because I used to love Carlos Cafe when they were in Rock Hill. Heck we even used them to cater a party once that's how much we liked them..We ordered fried Calamari, Steak Sandwich, and two empanadas for take out, to the tune of 30 bucks..roughly. Opened the Calamari and it wasn't cooked, the batter was undercooked and the squid was slimy..didn't eat..8 bucks wasted.. The sandwich was lacking in that flavor pop it had before and was pretty small for a 10 dollar sandwich and dare I say it but the empanadas were liken to that of a taco bell chalupa. :(I called and spoke to the manager and he said he would refund the money because he wasn't into bad business. Which was cool of him, but when I tried to tell him that the food just wasn't the same he got a little offended. Ohh well.   That said I want this place to survive because Fort Mill needs more places like this instead of the Chain fast food invasion currently going on.  I just hope the owner/manger can wrangle the troops and costs to provide the same quality as the old Rock Hill restaurant.  I myself won't be supporting the place with my money anymore.  Unfortunately two high priced, mediocre meals at the same place just won't cut it for me. I will drive the extra 10 min to Piece of Havana  Sorry Joe...
5	Great service and even better food! Really enjoyed my meal and loved the Cuban coffee. Place was packed at lunch which is great to see around here. Dinner menu looks awesome also!
4	Been wanting to try this place for awhile.  I enjoyed my meal, Service was good.  My friend thought their meal was only ok.  Will be back to try a mojito.
4	Excellent authenticity and quality, though a tad expensive.
2	Nine dollars for a cuban sandwich and ten dollars for a pulled pork sandwhich with no fries or chips. Really? I have been looking for a good latin restaurant. I guess I will have to continue my search. Note to manager: Play a little latin music instead of the "Best of the Eighties", that would help the atmosphere.
1	I was going to mark this as a place to try until I read the rude responses by this owner to negative reviews!  I'll pass on this place. Sounds like food is primarily bland & don't complain about it! they throw you out?
3	I wanted to like this place more:(. We love to support local places, so we are thrilled to find a gem. Based on our one visit, Carlos Cafe isn't a gem - yet (I'm hoping they improve).  I will say that something that may have altered my viewpoint is that we were the only people in the place. It was a chilly Monday night, so maybe people stayed home. At any rate, it's weird being alone in a place. No way to properly judge the atmosphere and all that staring from the staff is just uncomfortable.The waiter was excellent. Very friendly and helpful. Service and food prompt. The menu selections are varied, but pricey in my opinion. $10 for a sandwich no fries is a tough sell in small town SC. Especially when the sandwich was only okay. The Cuban was quite bland somehow.  I am absolutely willing to pay more for my food if it is top notch, but this was not.  Hubs ordered a plate dinner which was okay and a better price point for what he received. I really hope we just caught them on an off night.
1	Expensive, cuban food is cheap to make...i had the breaded steak, it was bad, no flavor and the breading fell off the meat as soon as i cut into it, it was totally the wrong breading! The picadillo was good and so were the plantains and coffee, i was disappointed big time by the steak, especially since the owner lived in Miami, she should know better. Oh well.
4	One of my local favorites. Reminds me of the Cuban restaurants in North Jersey Cuban neighborhoods. Authentic, friendly. Wonderful flan and cafe con leche.
4	Great waiter, good margarita. The $5.00 empanada was mediocre & the breaded steak was dry but the yucca ap was awesome along w/ the garlic dressing it comes with. The steak w/ chimichuri  was good and prepared perfectly. I would go again to try some of the other dishes. Again, loved the waiter
1	My husband and I stopped in last week. The waitress was great. She introduced us to the menu. She suggested trying the wings which was a good thing because the shredded beef was dry, you could hardly chew It. This week we called two times to make sure they were open, then to make sure they had wing's ordered some with and without sauce. Lucy took our order. Since the order came out wrong, we had it sent back. Ricky Ricardo comes out saying out in front of a full dining room to his wife to never let us back in.  When I called out to ask if that was what he said, he threatened to call the police. Am not sure what the one review meant by saying being kicked out but we were.
5	We'd been looking forward to checking out their new location for a while, and one recent Friday night, we were able to drop by.  What an upgrade from the old Rock Hill location!  It's beautiful inside, and the man singing was a nice touch.  The Cuban coffee and the black beans are amazing.  Seriously, who knew I'd ever be singing the praises of a bowl of beans, but those are worth it.  My husband asked to combine the Cuban Sandwich and the Midnight Special, which they happily customized for him.  The owners both came over to chat and ensure we were enjoying our food. This was a great dinner, and we will be back.
2	Disappointing!  I love cuban food, so I really wanted to like this place.  Overpriced, small portions, and surprisingly bland.We order the empanada appetizer and received 1 small/medium sized empanada.  It actually was good, but I was left wanting more. A Piece of Havana gives you 4 empanadas with their appetizer and three different flavors.We split the Cuban sandwich and roast pork entree.  Sandwich was good.  Pork was bland and small portioned.  The plantains that I had with it were good.  Congri was fine...nothing special.I would recommend going to A Piece of Havanna.  More food and more flavor.
3	Have no experience with the previous location I have read about in the reviews. So my review is only about the new place by Walmart.Went with 2 co-workers for lunch and I was not disappointed.  Granted we ordered off the lunch menu, so our stuff is what they were prepared to make. I got the fried pork chunks (non-bone pork squares).  While the outside was a bit dry, the inside was very moist.  I ordered the rice and black bean separate and mixed as desired.  Not real spicy, but just enough of a kick. My two co-workers went with the Congri and said it was good.  They had the shredded beef which they were just mixing all together,  but they had been here before and are continuing to go back.Cannot tell you about the Plantains as I did not order them, I don't eat them.Only issue was trying to get to the place.  We turned in one entrance to early and had to go all over creation through the lots to get to them, but I would not hold that against them.I would give this a "Try" recommendation because Cuban food is not for everyone, but you may be surprised.
4	What great place! We drive all the from Matthews for this food-- we are so picky with food( hard to find tasty when there's good Latin food at home) but its worth the commute for lunch, as dinner is on the pricey side. Lunch menu is awesome for such a GREAT price. They do offer free lunch for kids early in the week, but the choices are hotdog or hamburger (ugh!) please put rice and beans as you are a Cuban. I hardly get dessert but we did get the flan-- incredibly delicious, such a homemade rich taste! They are definitely not stingy on ingredients! Tip for chef: the lechon asado has good taste, but I do prefer it shredded with the juices, like Piece of Havana off S.Tryon has it-- so much better this way, and less fatty. Also, the ONE empanada for $5, something's gotta change.... Either lower the price or add another one, way too expensive. Try the cuban coffee, so good!
4	We went on a Thursday evening.  Happy hour was a good deal, and they had a tapas plate special but we went for the 1/2 off appetizers which were delicious.  We sat outside on the patio which was nice and shady and quiet, dinners were great, mojito's  were delicious!  I don't know what people are talking about about small portions, the portions are really quite large, enough to take home for leftovers.  Nice atmosphere, we look forward to coming again.
5	I have been here 4 times the service and food has always been consistent and great! This place is spotless too!
5	My wife, kids, and I eat here about once a month. Truly a local gem-family owned, extremely fair pricing, all fresh ingredients, very flavorful, knowledgeable wait staff, Desserts and Cuban coffee also a must! You will not be disappointed-the owners, Joe and Flor make sure all the guest are having an enjoyable dining experience!
5	We love this authentic cuban restaurant.  I live in Tega Cay and go whenever possible.  My husband and I have had the cuban sandwich and the chorizo sandwich and they were excellent.  The beef turnover and croquettes are delicious.  Everything is tasty, served hot and fresh.  Black beans and rice congrio make my mouth  water.  They have a grilled boneless chicken breast marinated in cuban  spices.  The prices are unbeatable.  Try this restaurant, you won't be disappointed.
5	This place is the best, really. Especially for the area, this level of amazing authentic food in the burbs?? Really Tega Cay, you are spoiled...Empanadas- I could eat 12Ropa Vieja and Vaca Frita- Will never let you down, so good! Mojo Wings, omg the flavored mojitos, oh and the pork chops, and that beer selection!! The crown jewel though: Choribano Preperado. A classic cubano with ham croquettes and chorizo, this sandwich is the king of all sandwiches, simply unbeatable. Cafe con leche -- let me just say I live in Portland , the land of coffee and we really value our barista skills here-- I haven't had a Cuban coffee that matches this one, and I miss it every day! This is a gem of a restaurant. The owners take immense pride in this beautiful restaurant, and it shows! And ...$7.99 lunch specials....Really Tega Cay, you are Spoiled!!
1	If you've never been here, skip it at all costs.  It was fairly crowded when we arrived at 7:30 on a Fri night.  Expected!  Duh!  We grabbed seats at the bar.  Ordered a Cuban sandwich (uh, their specialty) and calamari.  Kept checkng with our bartender .... 30-min ... 45-min.  It will be right here ... five minutes ... next in the window.  Yeah, 45-min?!?!   He was fabulous and somewhat apologetic.  Then, lady who appeared to be owner was in front of us, to which I questioned, 45-min, really?!?!   We've seen eiglht people at the bar come and go, plus three tables come and go.  She replied, we were busy.  Yeah, well, service is unacceptable.  To which she replied, and I quote ... "I don't give a sh*t ... don't come back."  End quote.  I cannot make this up.  My husband was sitting right beside me and witnessed this nastiness.  I am in the customer service industry.  Is this how you treat customers, I ask?!?!
1	If I could only get away with "no stars", that is truly what is deserving here. I wanted so much to love this Cuban restaurant coming from S FL but unfortunately that will not be the case. Went on a Friday night and sat outside to listen to the music. Our server started right off the bat by saying "this is my 2nd Friday working here" so already on edge for what was to come. I ordered the Steak Milan and hubbie got the Palomillo Steak. After about 10 minutes our server came back and said they ran out of the Steak Milan so I substituted the Chicken Milan. Meanwhile I overheard the same server tell the table next to us the ran out of Strawberries for the Strawberry Mojito.  At this time I ordered my 2nd Mojito to keep me relaxed - I could tell this would be an adventure. About 30 minutes later the food runner came with 2 plates - 2 Chicken Milan's...huh?!?!  Got our server who said they ran out of steak also for hubbie's Palomillo Steak. Not sure what gave her the impression she could just substitute the Chicken Milan. At this point, we asked to speak to the manager because our server was not going to explain what happened. The owner came over and asked us to explain our side of the events which we did. She said that they ran out of steak which included the same cut of meat used for the Palomillo Steak. She also said they may not have run out steak but didn't have enough cut up (Friday at 7pm and not prepared?!?!).  She went on to say that training new servers that are not familiar with Cuban food is hard and this is a tough business. She also proceeded to say this would probably be our servers last night working there. She apologized for the mistake and comped our drinks and Mariquitas. A couple of things I should point out here...I feel the issue with this restaurant is the Mgmt/Owners. Server training issue #1. Since the restaurant is in SC and not Cuba or even S FL, it's SO important to train their servers on Cuban food since they will be helping to educate customers who may have not had this type of food before. Issue #2 - WHAT RESTAURANT RUNS OUT OF STEAK on Friday night????  That is ridiculous!!  Finally...Issue #3 - it is in VERY poor taste to have the owner cry to us and tell us her problems with running a restaurant and tell us our server would be fired. Suffice to say we will not be back.
4	Have only been here for lunch but it's always been delicious food! Service is typically very good!Advertises $8-10 beer buckets on Friday and Saturday night, can't beat that!
4	Great food, wait staff, and atmosphere! Very authentic. Coming from northern NJ we were desperate to find the same great Cuban food we grew up with. I believe we have found it in Carlos Cafe. We will definitely become regulars, especially with their $7.99 lunch menu during the week.
1	Glad it closed.  The owners were not nice and the food was awful.
4	Wish you would have never left Rock Hill, sorry to see y'all close but never went to your new location.
