3	FKA East Coast Pizza, the decor is pretty much the same--including some of the predictable baseball crap, Sopranos poster and autographed picture from an authentic and professional 'Robert DeNiro look-alike'.  (If ya squint). The pizza, alas, is also much the same. I'd probably give it 3 1/2 stars until the grabby owner or manager took the second phone call in front of me while I'm just trying to pay for the pretty-Okay cheese pizza. They only sell Pepsi products, too, so if you're thirsty, take advantage of the nearby Von's, or Long's et al. This joint is a decent local option. Free delivery is offered on the menu.
5	Some of the best pizza I have found since moving out to Las Vegas
4	Little pizzieria tucked away in the village center trails shopping center. From what i can surmise it's all family-owned and run and serves Brooklyn style "fold-over" pizza though i'm hardly an expert.  Picked up a large cheese to share which was promptly ready on time. Crust was on the thin side like i like it but hand tossed and just the right amount of sauce. And they didn't skimp on the cheese. Basic little italy decor, with red checkered tablecloths and a help yourself soda fountain. Currently, it's 13.25 for the lg cheese (a little steep to me) but check the valu-pak coupons and get it for 9.99.  Rest of the menu, regular fare, calzones, salads, and can order pizza by the slice.  By The Way, they offer free delivery to limited areas. P.S. To absolve you of your guilt, you can also get it made with whole wheat crust for a buck more.
5	Great east coast style thin crust pizza.  Great crust, at first a nice crisp texture, never soggy, then a good chew with good sauce.  Get the plain cheese, its what they do best and 13 bucks for a large it's a good deal.  Try the fried dough it's good too.  The lunch special is 4.75, you get 2 slices of cheese and a soda, awesome.  The big guy who makes the pizza is cool to talk too (not going to kiss your ass) and the service is fast.  One of my favorite spots.  The best east coast style pizza I have had in Vegas. FYI, they say that their dough is made by family in Boston and shipped out.  Supposed to be that the water makes it good and they tried it with local water and it wasn't the same.
3	The pizza crust is definitely the best one out there. A must eat pizza for sure. Too bad the people who works here are not super friendly.That's a downside. Price is good. Take to go. The place is not very nice.
5	One of my top 3 pizza in vegas nice thin style east coast pizza sauce is amazing rumor has it they ship everything from boston area great lunch specials also try the fried dough
4	I have been back this place twice in the past month.  This is good pizza.  I suggest ordering with light sauce & extra cheese.  The meat lovers is loaded with sausage.
3	Was hungry after a workout session at 24 Hour Fitness, checked out Yelp for nearby restaurants and found this pizza place.  After reading a few reviews I decided to give it a try.Pizza - There is some great pizza deals here. (see photos for menu)  The pizza is thin crust New York Style....I had the 2 Pepperoni Slice special.  The pizza was very good, but got greasy real fast.  I see why some people rated this low for delivery.....it would be soggy if it was delivered.  The pizza was good, not great....but good.Will I come back?  Probably, but it's not the first place I'd think of.
3	The pizza here is really good, truly authentic NY style pizza. Probably the best in Summerlin. It's pretty cheap too. The only other things I 've tried here are the calzones and the chicken wings. Skip the chicken wings cause they was small as hell. Maybe they was pigeon wings or something.The staff is not that friendly and when you order delivery most likely any special directions you give them will be ignored. Other than that, I recommend getting a large cheese pie to go. Would not recommend anything else. You won't be dissapointed - in the pizza - and that is the most important thing right?!
4	The restaurant delivered a great catering menu to our event tonight. We are huge fans! The delivery guy was even nice! The house salad was awesome! It has fresh mozzarella, asparagus, roasted peppers, marinated mushrooms gourmet and light. Eggplant Parmesan cooked to perfection! Heaven and was still fresh and tasty after delivery great sauce home style breading. Sure to keep the vegan you love happy. Rigatoni filling and a real crowd pleaser with plenty of ricotta cheese. Three kinds of pizza all awesome crusts and that great east coast style good cheese and quality meat. A favorite from now on. Excellent service thought of everything!
5	This place is LEGIT! Best pizza I've had in years. The people are friendly and the price is average for great pizza. Every time I go in, I end up chatting with the staff for a few minutes and they always remember me and my order. I guess that's not a good sign of my health LOL but it is a good sign of great customer service!
4	After receiving a coupon in the mail, I thought I would give this "local" east coast pizza joint a whirl. Man, am I glad we did. Terrific pizza with a tender crust. The antipasto was da bomb. roasted red peppers, marinated mushrooms , asparagus, black olives, salami and provolone with a side of the house italian. Damn good pizza & salad & it's just down the street. Yeah baby!
1	OMFG!!! How does this place stay in business? So...I decided to try a new pizza joint near my house and you would think Summerlin upper neighborhood I see people going in and out all the time and the place looks decent. How bad can you screw up pizza right? Well...let me tell you You walk in and place your order and they charge you .50 cents per toppling for pizza by the slice. Once you pay you slide over and watch them make the pizza and they pull out a pre-cooked cardboard crust cheese already melted and begin to add your toppings on...i should have stopped them there and asked for my money back but I didn't want to be rude. Once I got home and opened the box I saw uncooked toppings on all the slices on a cardboard crust with cheap crappy cheese. I had to throw it back into the oven at home so i know the pizza was cook and safe to eat.1st Slice Meatballs uncook,2nd Slice Ham and the Pineapple look like it just came out of a can...3rd Pepperoni looked decent but still un-cooked4th Mushroom and olives....un-cooked and it came out of a salad bar on to my pizza...YUCKI knew I should have just demanded for my money back but was scared to ask because the Manager was ripping one of her employees a new one right in front of me....I was afraid to askI wouldn't call myself a connoisseur of food or pizza but I know bad food I really know bad pizza....Isn't it against Yelp policy to write your own reviews? Who ever gave this place 4 to 5 stars is beyond me. Little Caesars or Digiorno is 10x better than this placeI would NEVER step foot into this place again and you shouldn't either I will post a picture of what my slices looked like Angry pissed off headed to the bathroom former customer
1	You should not get one star, but YELP makes us be nice.  Wanna ask why I want to give you one star?  That is because toppings should be cooked!!! I went for a late night dinner...ordered four slices to go.  1) pepperoni- shouldn't it be cooked? 2) ham and pineapple- canned pineapple, not cut and shouldn't the ham be cooked?  3) meatball- sliced meatballs and un cooked, sense a theme? 4) pepperoni, olives and mushrooms- if I wanted un-cooked veggies I would get a salad!!!! Your pizza is a pathetic!!!! Thank you but next time I will eat at papa johns!!! Oh, the root-beer is amazing- thank you pepsi co!!!
4	Not the best customer service, but holy cow great pizza and great prices! The staff should just smile more, they seem miserable most of the time :/
1	Food was 30 mins late and the pizza guy thinks I am going to tip him 18 dollars on a 20 dollar order, or perhaps he is two springs short of a slinky and cant add?Then one bite into the mozzarella stick revels a  cheese that was not melted, seriously I could have peeled it off like straight up gas station string cheese.  How can you deep fry something and actually avoid cooking it?  Then when I called them to complain, they leave me on hold and then start laughing about me calling them.  Stellar managerial skills did you get your  Kellogg MBA from the back of some Frosted Flakes???  I think my husband orders from them if he is in a pinch for food for the kids, however I declare a moratorium on this lower crust.  Can you put pizza in cement shoes? Who else delivers in Summerlin??
5	pizza is to die for! crust is fabulous, cheese it top notch! antipasti salad was excellent! wings, are breaded, so not my fav.  not a big place, so to go is the way to go.
5	Classic mom & pop with classic East Coast crust.Did the Bianco, or however they call the white pizza, ricotta cheese, mozz, tomato, which is standard on one side and on the other half we added onion & it was stellar.Calzone was ON POINT.  Portion to filling rations made mouth happy.  Again great texture on the crust.  Had some red sauce on the side and it was everything you would expect.If  I can find one flaw is that we needed to add salt but have to believe the demographic of elderly prevents that sodium be a constant.Thanks Upper Crust.
5	This is really a very good NY style pizza joint.  We love Monday Night Football and pizza and Upper Crust fits the bill perfectly. The dough is really amazing. A good chew, the right amount of sauce and cheese.  Great value with the web coupons. Two large cheese pizzas and ten wings for $ 24.95. They deliver and tonight we had our ordered delivered in about 35 minutes. We're regulars and it's nice to support a little guy in our neighborhood.
5	Finally! Real Pizza in Las Fakass!I've Iived here off and on for almost 30 years, and one of the most disappointing aspects of my Saturday night is not having a good slice to chow down on. (okay, I'm exaggerating, but go with me here)I'm no pie snob, but I do know quality when I put it in my mouth, (clears thoat) and most, if not every, local pizza shop in town has the same tired flavor, texture and sauce. And as for the other guys, the big guys, why even bother?!?!This place has my vote every time. They don't deliver very far, and only have one location, but I would walk 500 miles just to have one of their pies. The crust is perfection and the sauce is sinful. I can not say I have ever been a fan of fried hot wings, but for some reason, the ones served here are boss. And if you dare leave without some of the Fried Dough you should be slapped and sentenced for illegal trespassing.Don't listen to the naysayers, I'm assuming those people are only use to West Coast cardboard cutout designer pizza. Wolfgang and anybody who ever thought it was a good idea to put barbecue sauce on a pizza pie will burn in the eighth circle of hell for eternity. If you want to know why pizza has been a staple of the American diet for over 100 years, this is the pie you have got to try. As for service, these guys are working in front of a hot oven for Gawd knows how many hours, in a desert!!! I could care less if they smile or even talk to me. As long as they continue to make slices the way they served up mine I'm happy. Its a 5 star pizza joint, not a 5 star restaurant. Lets keep this all in perspective people.
4	Pizza is good but price is on the high end for a pie!
5	My Girl, her kids and myself have been here about 5 times so far. It's a favorite all around for the kids, and a great price range to feed 5 people.We usually get a large cheese pizza for the kids and a medium deluxe for my girl and me. We also get a side of the French fries here. The fries are breaded, seasoned, and just taste damn good.While talking to the manager he mentioned they actually fly there pizza dough in from NY, I gotta say it's pretty good pizza, one of the best I have had in town.Defiantly try this place out.
5	We go here as our neighborhood pizza joint and love it! The staff is nice and owner remembers us from going do often. We typically do slices but we have ordered whole pizzas too.  We love the meatball topping on the pizza too! Good crust, good sauce, and toppings are great.
3	This is a hole in the wall pizza joint. But you know what? I liked the pizza, grease and all! Its one of those guilty pleasures, because really, the pizza isn't special in any way. It just isn't awful. This is the kind of place I'd go to if I were hungry and just wanted to sit someplace for a quick bite.  You read a local free magazine, watch a little TV, eat your pizza at a rickety table, and off you go. I'd give it 2.5 stars for the whole package- ambience, quality, etc. but since you can't, I bumped it to a 3 since I actually like that pizza.
5	I left the city before I could try the pizza but let me tell you, the eggplant parm is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.  I loved it so much that everytime I made the trek to Upper Crust, I couldn't bring myself to deviate from my usual order.  I enjoyed this sandwich so much that I couldn't resist the urge to tear into it during the drive home.  It is that good.
3	let me give an updated review. this place is a honest place to go to especially if ur like me who tries to support the local food places.  they burnt my pizza last time i went and honored a coupon of 50% off next time i came back. redeemed it today and they were a little sneaky about it they gave me half off the full price instead of the sale price which i didnt say ne thing about because it was only a couple dollars difference but that would have made their tip from me.  i dont think i ever want to eat here again tho unless i want chicken fingers bcuz they are the only ones that serve decent ones in the area.
3	When I am craving pizza, I always order a cheese pizza from this place. I have tried the pizza with toppings but be careful how many you have them put on because the crust is so thin and can't hold all the toppings so well. Now if you are a fold your pizza and eat it kind of person, ignore my previous statement! I'm just not a "fold and eat" kind of girl, and prefer cheese pizza anyway. Veggies are cut fresh and the crust is from back east. The garlic knots are so tough and hard they can break a window, I do not recommend wasting your money on them. The "East Coast Calzone"  is actually pretty tasty and worth the money. I just ordered it today and really liked it. I asked for a side of sauce and it was really good. My hubby likes a lot of the chain pizzas, but I would prefer this type over them any day. If you go to http://www.uppercrustpizza-lasvegas.com/ then you can see the menu and check out what deals and coupons they have going on. I have tried the garlic knots several times and like I mentioned before, I just don't like them (wish I did) however the pizza and calzones hit the spot.
4	Good pizza. Fold the slice in half and it is almost liking back in New York. It is one of the few places that you can get fried eggplant. The pizzas are always good. If you like "New York" style, then ask for it well done.
5	This is the best place ever! The food was fantastic and they appreciateyour business too, Wow. The other pizza place was rude, starts with an R, and didn't care about service. Why would you go there? Thank you wonderful lady, sorry I didn't get your name, you are the best! From a hungry customer.
5	Let me start by saying I LOVE pizza! I have never had New York Pizza but my boyfriend is from NY and he says this is as close as it gets in Vegas. They have good lunch specials like 2 slices and a drink for $5.00 or grilled chicken salad for $4.00 so I go here a lot for lunch. Usually call ahead and my order is always ready when I get there.Good sauce, thin slices and lots of stringy cheesy goodness:)***Things I love about this place is its family run and the owners are so friendly and work in the shop themselves.
4	I generally only get delivery from here (that is, I rarely eat in) and usually the pizza is awesome.  No complaints; love it (especially for the price.)  However, on occasion, I've gotten burned crust, which made me kind of sad.But for the most part they always do a great job.  I could eat here anytime.
2	This is NOT the same as the Boston name. I have dinned at the Beacon Hill one for years when I lived on the east coast. The epic eggplant parmesan and prosciutto were noticeably missing, as was the legendary fociacia. This place is average north east thin crust pizza with sweet sauce and should not be mistaken for Boston's legendary upper crust, no matter what it's origin.
4	Pizza was great! Delivered really quick (40 minutes). Garlic knots were over cooked and tough, or else this would be a 5 star rating from me!
5	Great pizza and awesome philly cheese steaks! We order a large cheese pizza and a philly to share they even added fresh garlic in it! The meat was tender and shredded like it should be! The peppers didn't overwhelm the sandwich like most places! The pizza crust was nice and crispy and not flimsy! My son even said it was the best pizza in his life he's seven lol!
3	A bit small of a place mostly for take outs.   The chicken and eggplant parmesan were OK, not thrilled.  Perhaps better to order pizza.   You could tell the east coast attitude of some employees.  Not bad, will go back
4	Certified legit! The crust is the bomb. One of the closest I've tasted to a real NY pizza without being in NY. Make sure you sprinkle some red peppers, a little Parmesan cheese, and a touch of garlic powder before you bite down. You won't regret it.
5	My husband and I love this pizza spot. We get the two slice deal, which comes with a drink, for about 5 bucks! The staff is always friendly and pizza is always bomb!
5	It's the best pizza in Las Vegas. Not sure what else you need to know.
5	Other than enjoying their delicious pizza, I liked this place because of their customer service. I had made a phone order, but it was for a later time period, plus I had to customize a pizza for a Vegan friend, and they were able to accommodate my needs.
5	I grew up in New England and lived in Boston for a long while.  This is close as it gets to old school Boston/New York Style pizza.  I make this my spot every time I am in town.
4	Good pizza, fair subs and the nastiest mean owner and employees with that summerlin attitude. i went in about 40 minutes before closing and the owner said we had to eat fast and be out by 9 pm on a saturday night. That lady is downright rude so I will not give them my business any longer. Also, they put such a small amount of onions on the pizza as a topping..how inexpensive are onions?
4	Very happy to find a good pizza place close to home.  I got the deluxe pizza and garlic knots for takeaway and was hard-pressed not to sample anything on the short drive home.  The knots were buttery, garlicky, soft, and warm -- diet food it ain't!  The pizza was really good.  I really liked the tomato sauce (tangy, flavourful, NOT bland at all) and the crust (thin crust with a great thickness at the edge, perfect for gripping and for chewing).  The only thing that could have been improved is more topping.  I didn't feel that there was quite enough veg or meat on the pizza.  However, I'm willing to try another pizza soon.  :)
5	Upper Crust is now my new favorite place. While hanging out with my family, we were hungry and my Brother mentioned a pizza place he had heard about and saw there was a coupon offered for 2 Large Cheese Pizza's and 10 Wings for $24.95 so we decided to drive out there and give it a try. Being from the East coast I look forward to trying out different pizza's [seeing it's my Favorite food of all time] and Upper Crust Pizza met my expectation of an 'east coast style' pizza. The crust was cooked perfect, not too hard on the outside and perfect consistency on the inside, not to thin and not too thick...it really was my idea of perfect. The sauce was the right amount and was really very tasty. The cheese was just the right amount and I love cheese, the pizza wasn't overloaded and definitely not shorted on either. I could not stop eating the pizza, nor could the family it was that good, out of the 4 &  1/2 of us we only had 1 piece left. I don't eat wings, however, my Brother and his wife do and they said the wings were "really good wings", weeven got the approval from my 20 month old niece who kept eating them and  she even proclaimed "these are good, Mommy". The service was friendly and fast, they took the coupon with no problem and offered to make one pizza first and then make the 2nd pizza after the first came out, which was a great idea and the timing was perfect, just as we were taking the last piece off the first pie the second was being placed on the rack. I would highly recommend this pizza place and even to it's a bit of a drive from where I live I will be picking up regularly...hopefully I can control myself and not stop there daily ;-)
1	I'm not a huge fan of the pizza but my wife likes it from time to time. I have had there sandwiches and they are good but not worth the price for what you get. The garlic knots here are hard...hard....hard! I gave the knots 2 tries too many. Bambini's puts out the best authentic garlic knots in town and if you can't come close to the type of knot they put out... don't even try.So I ordered a large cheese pizza for pick up. I have had pizza with toppings from here before and the pizza here just can't hold them well. I arrived at the time the pizza should have been ready and had to still sit and wait 25 additional minutes for my pie to be ready. The cashier was friendly but no apology was ever offered. I'm not a fan of their sauce and ordered the pizza with light sauce and some extra on the side for my wife (she does like the sauce) and of course when I got home and opened up the pizza box there was certainly NOT light sauce on the pizza. They did remember the extra sauce on the side. The pizza this time had a funky taste on the bottom of the crust. My wife who usually likes the pizza here wasn't even pleased. I personally don't think the pizza here is authentic or worth the money but we do all have different tastes and opinions when it comes to pizza.
5	1st time here. Came for pizza but got the lasagna as recommended by the owner. It was delicious, next time I'm in the area I'll try the pizza. It did take a while to make so its a good thing I wasn't in a hurry. The owners were both very nice and open as well. Nice place.
3	Second time we ordered delivery.  First time we ordered extra mushrooms and the pizza was good, this time was a pepperoni mushroom and there was nothing on it.  Delivery was fine but the pizza was below average.  There are better places in town.
5	Love it.  Ate there for first time yesterday and it was amazing!  As close to NYC pizza in Times Square as you are going to get!  Staff was amazing and prices are great!  We will definitely be back!
3	Nice atmosphere, cool little neighborhood pizza place. However me and a guest for our first time decided to try their specialty pizza which was the Quattro or 4 seasons, it was a white pizza base with 4 segments of individual toppings of prosciutto, green and red peppers, mushrooms, and what tasted like pickled asparagus(gross). I have to admit this is partly our fault in ordering, we should have asked a good recommendation but they seem pretty busy at times and not very attentive unless your a "regular" nevertheless we might give this place another try and stick to something a little more basic when ordering, it does seem they have a nice menu so I'm hopeful in this place!
5	I had to supply pizza for an office party. I have worked across the street from this business for over a year. I made arrangements for our 4 week pizza party. I can't say enough about how easy it was to deal with Dina. She was kind and professional. Yesterday was our first delivery and the pizza was fantastic. It was fresh, the sauce had a great flavor. Not too acidy. The crust was perfect, thin, good flavor's, salad was crisp, the dressing had the right amount of tang. The staff enjoyed all of it.The delivery was on time, the young man who delivered it nice and pleasant.I look forward to our future deliveries, and trying many more of the food items they offer.
1	worst customer service I experience in a long time. The owner is a jerk. He uses the excuse that he's from Boston. I've been to Boston and people are very kind of open back there.pizza was average at best. the pizza was burnt around the good part of the pizza.
4	Great Italian calzone!Boston style east coast pizza is delicious. Recommended as best neighborhood pizza spot.
1	We ordered 2 pizza, and 20 chicken wings to go...the bill was $48 and that was after using their $5 off coupon.  What a ripoff..for that price my husband and I could have gone out to a nice steak house for dinner.  The pizza was nothing special and the wings were too greasy.  I shall never go back..there are many more reasonable pizza places near by...try the one in Boca Park..  The owner of Upper Crust Pizza has coupons on their website that they don't honor and an obsolete menu with outdated prices that they don't honor either..they claim they can't get their website fixed, bull..If you are so inclined to go anyway, double check the price before you go..it is outrageous and certainly not worth the price...the owner has an attitude problem also, she is not friendly whatsoever and when I argued about how high her prices are she gave me a song and a dance...Don't waste your hard earned money on this place.
5	Great place and the best pizza in town in my book. I was born and raised in Boston and for all the Bostonians out there, this is as close to Regina's pizza as you are going to get. Family run business from a North End family who is very friendly and will have long conversations with you instead of just taking your money and serving you food. Place is small with maybe 4 or 5 tables and it can get busy if you are dining in. Most importantly: their sandwiches and pasta dishes are also great and that is because they make them fresh, so I would recommend giving them at least 20 mins and call ahead to eat in if you are in a rush, but it is worth the wait.
5	Upper Crust is out of business. Rumor is the owner moved back to Boston with no notice. Today I noticed a Marshall sticker on the window indicating an eviction. It is a shame; loved the pizza.
4	My local pizza place. Being from New York I am always on the hunt for good pizza and this place is the closest thing I can find here in Vegas. Sometimes I ask them to cook the pizza a little longer to get a nice crisp crust. All around good food from the chicken ceaser salad, to the calzone Crust is thin and crispy, but have recieved chewy crusts from here before. The wings are breaded which I know everyone doesn't like but they are good. The calzone is ok. But the real hidden gem is the chicken ceaser salad. Having a craving for one right now.
