3	They're a 3 1/4  in my book, although a seafood fan might be more impressed.There was a lot of seafood to select on Saturday for lunch, which I did not try, but saw plenty of classy customers literally carrying handfulls away from the boofay.  No kidding, there were multiple people doing it -- stacking their plate so high with crab legs that they had to hold the pile in place with their free hand draped over the top while walking back to the table.  Class like that you don't find in other cities, for sure, but the West side? Sheeeeeeet..Aside from the abundant shellfish, I found a moderate assortment of chicken dishes, beef ribs, and plenty of the usuals, with the addition of a neat flour shell chicken taco thing I really enjoyed.Discard Pile~2.5McKenna Novelty Factor~3.5Greasy / Crispy Spectrum~3NQI * ~ big fat ZERO               The napkins were stupid.  They were too small and way too thin with no absorbancy and no gription at all.  I don't care how much cheaper they were for the restaurant to buy than a normal napkin, I had to go through two dozen of the little shits, making a huge pile of sticky, greasy wads on the table and plate.  With ribs and crab legs, all of the customers were using at least as many as was I.  Unless they pay less than 1/24th the price of the same number of normal napkins, they're wasting money on those little shit napkins.  Yeah, they left me pretty pioughd.* Napkin Quality indicatorAnother ciriteria of mine for judging a boofay or other restaurant.  Cloth or paper? What kind of paper quality and thickness? How many did it take to do the job?  Example of 5 star NQI = India Palace has schmancy red cloth       http://www.yelp.com/biz/india-palace-phoenix-3#hrid:AxhJ7bqaVGG2dlAYmYPQMAExample of 4 star NQI = Moto has paper naps that are near-cloth consistency        http://www.yelp.com/biz/moto-sushi-phoenix#hrid:MeS_qbooFUkIfp_W3wccaQ
2	The place was dirty with screaming children running around out of control. I cant imagine a more unrelaxing setting. The food, while there was alot of it, was mediocre at best and at 11 dollars a person, not worth it IMO. The best part was that the drink was included in the price. I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
4	H ad lunch here today with Rand H. and I thought this place was pretty good. It is an older building but it was still ok inside. The buffet had about 90 trays and almost everything I had was real good.Like Ryan C. says the people in here are not the classiest but the food is good enough to earn them four stars.And if you like Chinese donuts they have the best in the valley..Yay I am a fan and look forward to returning.
2	Its ok, I guess. But it reminds me off chinese food prepared for a mexican clientele. Everything has mexican spices in it. Even the meatballs - WTH? Meatballs are italian. ? But they do carry crawdads year round- but they to have mexican spices in them.
5	This place when using their coupon is an amazing value.  I have been there twice and the food was plentiful and oh so fresh. Beware food can be real greasy at times but who is thinking about nutrition at a buffet ?  Anyway, the food is never old nor stale but always fresh because they keep just enough food out between rotations.  Lunch is $7.99 with self serve beverage but with coupon it's only $5.99 !  Dinner is $9.99 but with coupon it's only $7.99.  Great Wall Buffet is an excellent value !
5	this is probably 1 of the best Chinese restaurants in the valley it's definitely authentic dim sum. They also a lot of fresh seafood in live tanks.  I have been there 3 times for the dim sum and it has been excellent every time.  I want to order an entree off the menu as it looks very good also.  Only 1 complaint last time.  the duck was cold and a bit too salty.  I still have to give the food 5 stars.
1	Today was our first time to eat here and it's the worst I've ever experienced. We got there and the lady at the front was on her cell the whole time. The food was disgusting and gross. I feel so embarrassed for picking this restaurant because of the high ratings on here.  To summarize, over priced disgusting gross food, no service and dirty surroundings. Not ever coming back.
1	Food was so bad we left without eating. If you like these fake Chinese buffets, then ignore this review. It was awful.
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =Ok, so you want to go out for lunch today.  What's the first thing that comes to mind?  Great Wall Buffet Two Corporation of course!     :-))Ok, well maybe that's just me.  In fact, apparently it WAS just me because this nice restaurant has now closed up tighter than a clam.  I guess they needed more than one customer.  That's too bad, because it was good!     :-(
