5	Can't beat the Beuh (Roast Beef) sandwich.  One of the best I've had likely on this continent.Great vibe, very friendly staff.  They have free wifi, and a few small tables out front (mini-patio).  Stumbled upon this place on a frigid -25 degree day last winter, and will now likely make a visit every time I'm in Montreal.
5	The lady lives right next door and it took me ~1-2 years to convince her to actually try brunch at Cantine. We'd pass by every week-end, I'd nag, she'd say it looks too pretentious and then we'd end up at either Senzala  or Rapido.Last week-end, because we were short on time, we decided to take the plunge and see what Cantine is made of. We were very pleasantly surprised! She had what "Christine R." got - the goat-cheese and pear covered nutty bread and that was simply delicious. The (vanilla?) mini creme brule was outstanding and refreshing.I had the "champignonne" option, which is basically two poached eggs with a mushroom sauce, toasted baguette a bowl of fruits and a side of pear puree. My choice was more classical, but excellent nevertheless. In either case, the presentation was exquisite and it was not your typical and standard brunch fare.For $30, including tax and coffee, but not tip, it's not a bad deal, but certainly not the cheapest around the area. It is, however, a great brunch bistro, where one can relax and savour the food in a 70s style decor.
4	Stopped by this cute looking spot for brunch- there was another group in front of us, but we were seated right away. The restaurant was bustling, and had we been just a tad later, we would have had quite the wait. The decor was fun- orange and brown- modern with a 70s throwback. Everything was in French, but we could make out enough to feel confident about our order. We got the 'croissant de soleil' (croissant, eggs, cheddar, jamon, spinach sandwich) and the 'la totale' (eggs, bacon, jamon, pancakes, and mini toasted baguette). Each entree came with a fruit salad, seasoned mashed potatoes, baked beans, mixed greens, and a basil and pear shooter. An incredible amount of food which was all very tasty, no salt or pepper needed.Brunch for two ran us $32 - but given the quantity, we got our money's worth. Needless to say we walked out in a slight food coma. I would absolutely recommend this and would head back for brunch next time I'm in town.
5	My favorite restaurant during our trip to Montreal over Thanksgiving.  We went for brunch and highly recommend others do the same.  It's got a great, neighborhood-y vibe and was the only restaurant we visited that had a line (albeit one that moved fairly quickly).  You can tell that this is a place that locals love!
3	Went for dinner. Tried many of the dishes. The concept is interesting, but sometimes the flavours were missing. The ribs were definitely not ginger and garlic. The service was good but not stellar. Nice decor and an interesting menu.
3	I'm always looking for a good brunch place, so I decided to give this one a try. Service was ok, but we had to remind the waiter of a few things he forgot to bring, plus the eggs benny were overcooked (supposed to have a liquid yoke) and we had to send them back twice before they got it right. Otherwise, the menu is very original, reasonably priced and tasty. It gets very crowded for brunch, make sure you get there before 11h30. I recommend trying their evening menu, which offers a fresh twist on french-canadian cooking, the stuff i used to eat when i was a kid, but grown up version, such as a club sandwich, but instead of chicken you get duck confit... And great cocktails too! Overall a fun place to go for drinks with friends, but not for a quiet romantic evening.
5	Awesome brunch, huge portions, great serviceWe arrived at Noon, expecting a huge line and was surprised to only wait 5 mins for them to clean up a table. I got the Disco Duck Omelet- duck confit with caramelized onions and cheese in a HUGE (HUGE) omelet with caramezlied grapefruit and an apple argula salad, and almost mashed potatoes. It kept me full until dinner time.  I could NOT believe how huge the plate was. there were at least 6 eggs in the omelet...i'm not even kidding. The sevice was great- they weren't warm or super friendly but they were nice, efficient and didn't pull a Parisian attitude (like other places did). My friends had the pistachio croque and mish mash which they both loved. Their plates looked gorgeous and huge as well.When we left, the line was about 12 ppl deep...lucky us!Highly recommended
4	My boyfriend and I came here for Sunday brunch after finding out that the wait at Lawrence would be 25 minutes (they called an hour later saying a table was ready. An hour.) I had always heard good things about La Cantine and was eager to try it out. There wasn't much of a wait, however the staff seemed really disorganized- 2 separate servers came to ask how many people we were, and 3 different servers came to ask us for a drink order. The food itself was good. It seemed like a mish-mash of random food thrown together, but it's all good. We had the scrambled eggs-stuffed croissant and the eggs benedict on toasted pistachio and nut bread (unfortunately, very burnt). Both dishes were served with fruit, a scoop of mashed potatoes (a nice change from the usual roasted potatoes) and some leafy greens.The tables are well-spaced apart and the music is at a tolerable level (vs. L'Avenue where the tables are claustrophobically close and the music deafeningly loud). All in all, a good experience, it's just frustrating to have to repeat the same thing to 3 different servers.
4	Having brunch in Montreal is our last to-do before we headed back to Manhattan. We relied on Yelp to give us guidance and we ended up in La Cantine. It was Sunday afternoon and there was a line although not as terrible as it could get in West Village here. We waited about twenty minutes before we finally got seated in the back room where there is comfy sofa. I ordered the Aunt Baby's Club which has bacon, cheddar cheese, tomatoes and mayo and eggs inside a soft and tender bun. It also comes with mashed potato and fresh sliced fruit. I really like my sandwich and it is just very buttery and cheesy at the same time. I got to try my husband's La Totale and it is definitely the best on the menu if you are a meat lover. The ham is so fresh and and bacon is juicy and fatty. I think we all felt food coma after the meal. The price is about $14 a plate without any juice or coffee. So it is about $20 a person if you order an entree and a coffee. Glad we ended our brunch lovely and full!
5	Just thinking of the brunch we had here makes me want to get in the car and drive to Montreal! If you are visiting Montreal and want a good brunch, you must head here. My husband's breakfast was more like dessert! He had the Ultra Chocolat and I really think I wouldn't have been able to finish it for breakfast if I had ordered it. I had the Croissant de Soleil. The croissant was huge and amazing!Each of our meals also came with a citrus juice shooter which was amazing in and of itself. The mixed fruit is not like what you get in America which is usually cantaloupe, honey dew, and another melon or other random fruit thrown in. This was pineapple, orange, grapes, pears, strawberries, and grapefruit. I love fresh fruit with breakfast so that made the meal complete for me.Let me repeat myself. If you are in the Montreal area, eat brunch here!!
4	I went there last night and was greeted by a very sweet waitress. The service is good an the atmosphere is very nice. I ordered a hamburger steak with extra foie gras. After around twenty minutes wait the waitress apologies for the waiting because the foie gras need extra time to cook. And the wait is well worth it: the foie grad is nicely cooked it is so juicy and full of favor. The gravy is amazing too. The other thing that really impress me is the onion ring and the gravy. Too bad the hamburger streak itself is a bit dry.
5	We had such a good time here for Sunday brunch! The only awkwardness is that there's nowhere to wait for a table, so you have to stand in the vestibule and peer in, but otherwise everything was great. The menu is creative and amazing, and all the portions are enormous. The smashed potatoes and baked beans that come with a lot of brunch entrees were so great. And the entrees all come with fresh sliced fruit.I think the "Mange Tes Croutes" (pistachio bread with poached pears, goat cheese, and ginger honey) was the best, but my Croque du Soleil was also good, and the chocolate croissant was better than expected. Would totally come back.We did have to kind of wave our hands around for a while in order to get the check, because the young waitresses were gossiping and giggling loudly back in their own corner, but that's okay because this place is so cute and the food is so tasty.
