5	Yeah, this place is amazing, and it's all because of the people that run it. My dad had a 120 gallon marine invertebrate reef aquarium (very complex to manage all the chemical levels and make sure the critters don't each each other) and he came in here regularly to do tests, talk about what was happening, and buy more coral, anemones, fish, sea cucumbers, etc. He always got expert and first-rate service and came home with a lot of remarkable specimens.
5	I was tasked with buying the little lady's niece a birthday pet, she wanted a turtle but the folks here steered me towards something easy to keep for an 8 year old, a hermit crab. The staff was extremely helpful and answered my questions about strange creatures for 20 or 30 minutes. I knew absolutely nothing about little reptiles and the like but they answered every question I had and pointed me towards an animal that was both in my price range and in the upkeep range for a child. Huge selection and tons of weird looking critters to stare at. Highly recommended if you have tons of questions.
5	My friends and I refer to this place as the Aquarium.Who would've thunk one could find such an awesome exotic pet store in the middle of Champaign?I came here to see whether they had any hedgehogs, and was pleasantly surprised at everything else they had!You find tropical fish of all sorts, koi the size of submarines, frogs, lizards, newts, snakes, spiders, birds, and pretty much any furry little creature (including chinchillas, ferrets, etc.).... and that isn't even the complete list!The staff there is extremely knowledgeable, nice, and helpful.  Plus, if you check out Sailfin's website, you find that there's always a sale or deal of some sort going on.You have to check this place out!  When you're driving past Neil, it's pretty easy to miss initially because the store looks like it's located in an abandoned white warehouse, but just make sure to keep an eye out for the sign on their building.
2	This place is WAAAAAY over priced.  They take advantage of being the only exotic pet store in town.  I try to avoid them as much as possible.  I think it is ridiculous to pay over $5 for a frozen baby rat.  Not even a large rat, or a medium size rat, but a small rat.  And they don't give discounts if you buy bulk (which any other exotic pet shop I've been to, from Berkeley to Chicago does).  I order my exotic pet supplies over the internet or drive up to the Chicago Reptile House in Orland Park.
5	Best Local Fish Store within 100 miles of CU. There are others with better selections of niche products (such as Johnny's Reef Experience in Normal has better coral), but Sailfin is the overall winner, especially when it comes to fish. Their prices are not the lowest, but it is not cheap to stock a large selection of healthy animals and maintain an educated staff.If you have questions, the staff are very good about giving you a straight answer, even if that means dissuading you from making the purchase. Sometimes it can take a while to get service, but this is just b/c this sort of consultation takes time, and once they get to you, you will appreciate the personal attention. If any staff members are in doubt about a question you may have, they send it up the chain, all the way to John if necessary.Speaking of John, he genuinely takes an interest in every hobbyist that comes through the doors and wants the best for all. Don't tell him that you got your equipment or livestock from other sources, such as craigslist or Internet forums, as he poo-poos them. This is because he dislikes the anonymous nature of this stuff (and maybe a little competitiveness no his part). They have a 1 week guarantee on their fish (but not invertebrates) and have sales from time to time on their website. When they have these sales, it is not to clear out existing inventory, but to generate volume, so they stock up huge in advance of them and are thus a great opportunity.
5	This is a great store.  The employees are very helpful and knowledgeable.   They have a great selection of fish and supplies, as well as mice,ferrets,birds,reptiles,and hermit crabs.  If you have a problem with your tank, they will test your water and tell you how to fix it.
1	So, went there the first time and thought the manager was great! So I went back the second time and had gotten two 3-wks old "male" rats, said by one of the worker there during March, 2011. And now! VOWLA! Baby rats appear out out of no where!!!!! Called and complained about the situation. Also they could do was paying me the money if I decide to sale those babies... They couldn't even offer anything else! Like a proper apology! As a new rat owner, how could I know that it's hard to tell their sex when they were only 3-wks old?! I did see their big testicle like thingies at the time when I purchased them! .......... Thought it was a great place, not I am second guessing about my feelings. Re-evaluation is needed for sure.................... baby rats............
4	This is where I got my pet rat, Splinter, she was a quality rat.
5	Friendly, knowledgeable, efficient and decently priced.  This place has been my only place to go for my fish and aquarium supplies, plus I love it's a local business that has been here for a long time.  P.S. To the two only negative reviews, it's obvious from the text that they are not A) knowledgeable on the subject matter of their pets, and B) more concerned with price rather than the few extra dollars you  pay for a well-educated, friendly staff who will walk you through every step of the process of choosing and purchasing your pet.  A+ for this place.
5	I love this place! They take good care of all their critters. My fish from here have lasted longer than the ones from Petsmart/Petco and the customer service is always great.
3	While looking for a dechlorinator, the fish guy on duty told me that boiling water removes chlorine but that it's bad for fish because it "kills the trace elements." This was interesting to me, as I did not know that trace elements could be "killed." It reminded me of the time a friend informed me that microwaving water kills the water's DNA. This was also interesting to me, as I did not know that water has DNA. But hey, I am an open-minded dude and love to keep up-to-date on the new sciencey info. I still bought the dechlorinator, though. They do have nice fish.
5	I got my first gold fish for my start up aquarium from here. Staff here are very friendly and helpful. they guided me right from the type of food I should feed and the environment I have to maintain. When I went back after a week, to get my water tested they were really helpful to suggest what extra care needs to be taken and even helped configure my filter manually with the new setup. Very knowledgeable staff and they have a great selection of fish and other animals.
4	I like this store because of the fact they had a great variety of animals to choose from and make a pet decisions .The only bad thing is sometimes some people think the same thing for owning a pet and theirs not enough pets there when you
5	Sailfin is awesome. Hands down. This is a small biz that truly cares about their pets and products. Some reviews mentioned too pricey and customer wait time to get help. Well, there is a downside and a benefit to everything. Maybe it's more costly than a big box store, however, you'll never get the customer service and the passion from the employees at stores like PetsMart. Plus, at those stores, they don't have the most quality products or selection. As far as the wait time goes, just remember when it does get to your turn, the staff is going to spend that quality time with you now. It's sort of like having a really great doctor who takes the time to talk to you, but meanwhile there are other patients waiting in the waiting room next door. I'd much rather support a place that cares than a place that sends em in and sends em out. The staff at Sailfin are so knowledgeable. They know the natural habitat of the animals they sell. If they are selling you a product, there is a reason. They truly care about the longevity of an animals life and the enrichment it receives. And actually, you should care too if your going to make that kind of investment. If a customer doesn't seem to care....then they won't sell it to you. Bravo to them cause it keeps out the impulse animal buyers who will get bored and not want to take care of their animal. This pet store is the perfect example of how a small biz should be. Support your local small business and you'll be supporting your community. I've had my birds from Sailfin for almost 20 years now and they are heathy champs! I owe it all to intelligent staff there! Thanks Sailfin, keep doing what you do.
4	We got our first pair of furry children (aka dumbo rats) from Sailfin, and we couldn't be happier with our boys. Sailfin gets their rats locally, from one of several local breeders, and they are meticulously cared for (quarantined for a week before you can purchase them, kept in a warm room, separated by gender, only one litter for sale at a time so you don't see babies with their eyes barely open with adult rats, etc.), so we were able to buy brothers who had been together since birth. They are the happiest, sweetest rats in the world, and it was clear that they had plenty of human contact before they were brought to the store. The fact that Sailfin doesn't ALWAYS have certain animals out pleases me as well. For example, I've been there when they haven't had any rats at all, because they were waiting on a litter from a breeder, and told me it would be a week or two. It's not like they have a room in the back full of attention-starved animals waiting to make it out into the main room to have a chance to be bought. The selection of treats and toys are really amazing, and it's clear that the staff really know what they're doing, though once I saw rats picked up by their tails before, which is not a best practice for handling rats. It's really uncomfortable for them, and their tails can actually detach. Other than that, we're happy to continue shopping at Sailfin - happy employees and happy animals.
