5	THIS PLACE USED TO BE CALLED BUFFALO KIDS!!!This is a wonderful gently used kids clothing store that only caries the best of the best used clothes! They are extremely selective! I brought in a bunch of stuff for trade, thinking that all my beautiful pieces were exactly what they wanted. They only chose two items that were worn twice! Quality and selection are always the best here. You pay about $2 premium over other resellers, but I like to think of it as a service charge for the work they do to filter out all the ugly used clothes. Some of my daughter's favorite pieces are from here. :)
5	I can't believe Ada G. beat me to reviewing this place.  They weren't in Yelp before and when I tried to add them it wouldn't work.  User error I'm sure.  Maybe should have tried before that glass of wine.Anyway, 80% probably of the toddler's grossly packed closet comes from here and because I'm such a clothes whore, it's obviously worn off on him.  (Possibly projected.)  Aside of liking the price of $8 Adidas pants rather than paying $35 (yes, they're really $35 in real life) I really like the aspect of recycling/reusing things.  It's like kittens and puppies.  The world doesn't need more kittens and puppies so you should get yours fixed, likewise why keep those sweatshops working double time?  OK, my analogy really sucks and I clearly shouldn't be Yelping while drinking but if you have children, come here to shop.  I outfit my beautiful long haired boy in Ralph Lauren, Adidas, Puma, Quicksilver, Volcom and most any big label that floats your boat.  (They also have Ed Hardy but please people, that so overdone.  Please don't put your children in it.  They'll look like last years seconds.)They also have a nice selection of toys, puzzles, books and the like.  Good puzzles too.  The nice, thick wood kind and sometimes you can find the cool retro wood toys here too.  I've even seen a Bugaboo Frog here once.  If you would have snatched it up you could have pushed your little sweet pea around in it on those days you're feeling bourgeois riche.
5	I go here quite often, and I am impressed at the selection, prices and friendly service that I have experienced here at this little resale shop.  I have sold/traded items here and I appreciate the fact that they are organized and the store doesn't look like a trash heap (see my Other Mother's review).  The trade and cash values they give are very fair, and to my surprise, they took a lot of my gently used items.  They only sell items in very good condition, but you won't pay a lot for them!  Just an FYI, they do not sell cribs or large furniture here. Mostly clothes, shoes, books, dvds, games, jewelry, accessories and toys.
5	This is the best children's consignment shop that I have come across. I frequent this location at least one to two times per month. Lisa is the owner and is super friendly and helpful. They seem to be very selective about what they take and I never feel like I am sorting through someone else's "trash to treasure garage sale leftovers". I have been shopping her for my kids for the last 3 years and plan to keep coming back. Prices are GREAT and we can usually find some great name brands (which it important to my daughter). Easy on the wallet & cute on the kid! :)
4	Big selection, sizes tend to run small. Clothes in good condition, great price. Friendly & helpful owner. Will be going back for sure!
4	Great deals! Awesome for seasonal wear, books and toys.
5	I just came across it today while shopping for lunch and a quick trip to TraderJoe's.  I was very shocked to see that nothing I bought was over $6.00.  They had an amazing selection of clothes.  for $60 i walked out with 4 pairs of shorts, 2 swimsuits, 1 costume and 5 dresses.
5	Found a great deal on an Graco infant car seat. The staff was friendly. Place is clean.
3	I wasn't super impressed with the store during my first visit. The selection was very slim. I was looking for 3T clothing and they only had one circular rack that had both 3T AND 4T. The employees weren't very friendly, not that they were rude, they just didn't really acknowledge that I was there and I was the only one in the store. The good thing about the store was that the items really were reasonably priced. I didn't find anything during my first trip but I might consider giving it another try, I mean you can't expect to find something if people are not donating. Maybe next time they will have what I am looking for.
5	When my sister asked me to buy some winter dresses for my nieces, I inwardly groaned because: 1. These are items that are best bought in person rather than online, 2. What do I know about children's clothing? I don't have kids, so I don't know the best places to go. Off to search on Yelp, and I found Love Child Resale, close to where I live! The store is small, but they pack in a lot of clothing and toys in it, all very reasonably priced. After searching online and in various other stores, I found that for some reason, it's hard to find winter dresses in the winter. Luckily, they had the perfect dress, in my niece's favorite color, at a rock bottom price. I picked up a long sleeved Ralph Lauren dress, in very good condition (No tears or stains, only slight wear from washing), a dress that is $45 new, for just $5.50 used here!Items were easy to browse through, as everything is nicely separated by size. If I need to buy kid's clothes again, this is a good place to go!
5	I love, love, love this store! I am a bargain shopper and hate paying retail or full price for anything. I have kids and they grow like weeds! Things fit for a few months and then it's time to buy the little buggers more crap. Seems like such a waste to spend $20 or $30 on a child size pair of jeans when I can get them for less then $10 here. They carry good brands. Gap, old navy, gymbo, justice. You get the idea. Unlike other used clothing stores which are always hit or miss, I never leave this place empty handed. Their prices are VERY reasonable. I wish the store was a little bigger. The racks get really full which makes it hard to look through them at times. I like how organized and east to find things are. Staff is always friendly. Love this place!
5	This is a SUPER store for kids' clothes, some books, games and limited toys. Every time I come here I leave with some seriously screaming deals. My kids love coming here because the prices are fabulous and there are always treasures to be found.Plus, (and this is a big plus) the staff are very friendly and child-centered. I've never felt like my kids were a bother to them.
5	Just went into this store today and was very happy with the prices! Name brand clothing for little ones :) the racks have plenty of different sizes to choose from for boys and girls! Was pleasantly surprised with this little store
2	I've been coming by this place for years. The owner and/or staff are nice and friendly but it's reeeeely not a very good resale place. I buy expensive, never from an outlet, name brand kids clothes and I bring them in in great condition. I never leave feeling satisfied with my exchange. Like not one time. I continue to find low budget cheap brands like Mossimo, Old Navy and some brand from Wal-Mart (I don't shop for clothes at Wal-Mart, I had to ask!) I bring in Quicksilver, Under Armour and Abercrombie, barely worn and they pass them up. Every time. I will come out with less than $10-$20 which is not even worth the trip. I don't know the last time I bought something from them, it's been a while. Their selection is usually worn, dated and brands I would never dress my kid in. But they do have a nice shop. I like that they have dressing rooms and sizes even up to 0 and 2 so I can shop for myself from time to time. The prices don't really reflect the brands. For the money and the experience, I think I'd rather go to Nordstrom Rack.
5	Ive been meaning to write a review on this place for a long time.  This is a GREAT resale store and you really need to go through each item carefully. I promise you will find something completely unique and name brand.  They have a huge inventory and everyone here is SO nice and helpful. Also, the prices are incredible.  I leave here with bags and bags of items....always.I know how resales work because I have a friend that owns a large one in Phoenix.  They may not take your items because sometimes they already have a lot of those items already in, or maybe it's not in with the season, or maybe it's a design that just doesnt sell quickly off the shelves. It's always easy for us as buyers to question why a resale store wont take our items, but I feel like they have always been fair.  You have the option here for them to give you cash or a store credit. I always opt for the store credit because I love their selection and I can always find something fashionable.My last trip here was last week and I was able to buy my daughter brand new outfits for the winter. Brand spankin' new with original tags at a super deal!Seriously, if you are looking for a trendy place to buy clothes, books, shoes, toy,s diaper bags, slings or anything else for your kids; go here!
