5	Is it possible that I am the first to review this institution? Surely not... however, I am going to do it with gusto. This megalith of high fashion, beautiful design is a bastion of old Montreal money... and I love it. I can honestly say I have never purchased an item of clothing here, but I always come to smell the fabrics and touch the purses. It is New York and London, it is Sex and the City but with class... and it has the true heart of an artist. Think personal shoppers, eye catching displays, floor after floor of designer collections on fetchingly arranged displays and golden racks. Think purses that twinkle under spotlights, and smells of leather, fresh flowers and diamonds. (If you can't smell the diamonds, you need to step outside). The most fun for those of us who actually work for our money, is to go to Ogilvy to have a snack or lunch in the bistro downstairs. It is exceptionally good food, and it allows you the luxury of lingering and watching the ladies who shop in this place. They hail from Westmount and Mount Royal, they are fashion forward for the tennis club set and are exquisite to observe. Their carefully coiffed hair, the complete outfit worn for being seen and seeing. It is sociologically fascinating. So my cousin and I had our wonderful coffee and hand made biscotti and were replenished and when we were one with the vibe, we moved on happily.
5	this review is for the enfant section only since that's the only department we visited. the enfant section is located in the basement next to home goods and a mini bistro area. there are nice high end outfits for infants and children. we ended up purchasing our baby to be's homecoming outfit here. they had a huge burberry section. we opted not to explore this section. we ended up with a baby blue velour petit bateau outfit. i love petit bateau! the sales lady was super helpful and very nice - not snooty at all. although the outfit was expensive (close to $100) it was worth it -- it's the homecoming outfit! i'm not one to splurge on baby clothes either but for the outfit home from the hospital...it's ok. i would definitely visit again. definitely a higher end department store perhaps similar to a neimans or bergdorfs? we greatly enjoyed our experience. maybe next time, this mama can get some things as well for herself...
2	The store reminds me of my German grandmother and her love for L'Air du Temps by Nina Ricci..the store seems to be frozen in time, in the 40's I would say, other than that it's all over-priced stuff, not much variety, and snotty employees...I only go there because of the post-office on the 4th floor...for real  luxury...Nieman Marcus or KDV in Berlin...
4	Ogilvy is the the old school, high end department store for Montreal.  Many cities have their high end downtown department store that has always been there and in Montreal Ogilvy's is it.  Great old school service and expensive prices.
4	I am actually reviewing their cafe, it was actually pretty good! The prices weren't as expensive as you'd think they would be and the brie and chicken sandwich I had on olive ciabatta was really freaking good. I was also in their salon and was greeted by many employees, asking if I needed a drink. Woah, what? That was really unexpected but awesome. I guess you definitely get what you pay for here.As far as the department store goes, I didn't really get to see much except that it looks like Barney's or Saks.
3	I really like this upscale store, reminds me a bit of Norstrom or Lord & Taillor stores in the US.   If you are looking for a gift for that special someone, this place will have it, but make sure you have room on your  credit card!
1	Received a $200 gift certificate and decided to go to Ogilvy's hair salon. I went in with  long blond curly hair and met "Charles" who told me my hair was too brassy and too long. I ended up with blah brown, short hair with ridiculous bangs. All the things I told him I didn't want. The horrible mess came to a total cost of $160.00. Worst experience  ever! Will NEVER return.
1	We were shopping in Montreal on Friday afternoon [7-26-13] with guests from Italy.  We bought several items totalling over $1,000.  Most staff was adequate, however, a certain male staff member in men's clothing was quite rude.  Perhaps we didn't spend enough to receive better than his less than condescending rude behaviour.  Being originally from Montreal, I was surprised to see how such inferior help could be hired by management.   They've come down a very long way from where they were.  Many other shops available for the next visit.A disappointment!
5	This is the nicest, most traditional department store in all of Montreal, hands down. As a kid, 50 years ago, I remember the grandeur of this store, and it has retained a lot of that "classy grand dame" character, from the ornate elevator doors, the revolving front doors, and the Scottish kilted bagpipe-playing gent who walks the perimeter of each floor at around noon each day, playing the bagpipes with its distinctive, Celtic sound. That's what this store is: distinctive.The downstairs cafe is excellent for lunch, with a great selection of sandwiches and salads and cafes and pastries. There's a home accessory/stationery department also on the lower level which is fantastic. The baby clothes area has such gorgeous outfits, it almost makes me want to have another kid (almost being the key word...!!!!). There's a Godiva chocolate area and Ugg boots section, and other distinctive areas. The cosmetics and perfumes take up the Main Street level, and clothing is on all the floors above.I have friends who swear by the hair salon in this store, too.Growing up, Ogilvy's always had the best Christmas displays in their front windows; we used to drive downtown specifically to check it out each December. I hear their holiday displays are still beautiful.I love this department store, as it embodies all the old-time elegance of Montreal of yore. The sales staff have always been friendly to me and my kids, as we ask where certain departments are, and I find the prices of their merchandise to be the same as elsewhere in the city.
4	You don't have to be rich to come here. You can easily enjoy a quiet and tasty soup and sandwich lunch downstairs in the cafe. The stationery shop is also a great place to pick up unique cards, notebooks and paper. The MAC cosmetics boutique is also a great place to have a stylist help you pick out the best colors for your complexion and style.You *DO*, on the other hand, have to be rich if you want to shop their exclusive designer boutiques like Louis Vuitton, Longchamps Paris, Michael Kors or Aquascutum and absolutely need to have whatever is hottest off the runway. I personally don't and I'm quite content looking on ebay or a handful of other sites for the same items at a fraction of the price.Another plus: Ogilvy's is the only place in Montreal that sells Annick Goutal perfumes so if you want to smell like a piece of heaven, come here to get it.
3	My feelings when I first moved to Montreal was that Ogilvy was going to be my best hangout. It's the biggest department store (the only as well) and the one that carries sort of niche brands. However, there is something about Ogilvy that repels me drastically. Starting at any makeup counter on ground floor with all the stuck up boared sales associates who can hardly fake a smile to the shoe department that has a very disappointing collection!! I particularly was puzzled when I went to try a coat there and all of garments on the racks were chained!!! I needed to try few (when you are paying over a thousand dollar for a coat before tax I think you have the right to try on) I spent five minutes looking for someone to unchain (release) the coat And I finally found help She 'released' one Max Mara coat and unwillingly waited (she needed to chain back the coat and disappear) Anyway the coat was large and long and I did not like it She tried to convince me it is the right size and shape for me!! Then hanged the coat and vanished I looked around for more coats, liked some but could not find the sales person again Honestly what is the point in chaining coats!!! Can't security tag work fine?! Funnily enough Holt Renfrew (which is owned by the same company as Ogilvy) have a smaller collection of fashion but nicer staff which really counts if you want to sell to publics
3	This place feels like outdated luxury with a lot of small boutiques that simply do not have enough inventory (for example Burberry is a joke in terms of selection). If you want to buy a nice hat for your grand-mother its probably the place to go... The best thing about it is probably the florist which always has some of the most beautiful arrangements if your willing to splurge... I think they are about to do a much needed make over in the mean team, I think Holt Renfrew is much better
4	i love ogilvy. yes, its extremely expensive if you're looking to buy something. you'd probably have to sell your arm or maybe your baby to be able to afford some of the items.i'm not a big fan of the food there but you can't fault them for offering food.i enjoy walking around in the mens department and try to see what its like to be rich and then, it makes me sad. but no despair, i always hit the fragrance section and let my nose travel and dream. one of the few places in town that carry l'artisan.what i enjoy most is the holiday window display. it makes you feel like a kid all over again.some of the staff working there can be pretty freaking snobbish but then, as long as they don't bother me, i have no complaint
1	I'm a university so probably not the typical customer, but I'm very put together and feel comfortable shopping in high end stores. Today however I was appalled at the rudeness of an elder sales lady on the top floor. She was rude and condescending and I have no interest in shopping there in the future.
