5	I'll keep this short and brief, Positano is quite simply one of the most authentic Italian restaurants in Scotland, full stop.They pride themselves on cooking "fresh to order" pasta, meaning you get a nice 'al dente' pasta dish. So what that means is that there is no precooked pasta sitting around in large plastic vats waiting to be heated before serving. It's just out the pack and straight into boiling water for 10-12 minutes. Therefore there isn't a soggy rigatoni or penne quill in sight, hurray!!! The seafood dishes are a treat, cooked very simply with just good olive oil, garlic, cheery tomatoes etc. The pizza's are also fantastic, big, thinly stretch with tasty toppings.I've visited Positano on numerous occasions and I've never been disappointed. The kitchen staff are all Italian and know their stuff. You can always hear them chatting away in the background, I find it creates a good atmosphere. The owner is incredibly enthusiastic, welcoming, slightly zany but a treat to chat to.Positano's prices are very reasonable which makes this one of my Edinburgh favourites.  I just can't quite believe I'm the first to review it!
5	love the risotto and lobster lasagne! We stayed in Edinburgh only for 10 days, but we came here for three times. Every time I went, i love it better! Definitely a 5 star!!!
5	What a great find! The service is for sure the best I have had in Edinburgh. The owner/chef was very hospitable and chatty. Lovely Italian man who we ended up having some really interesting conversations with. The food was also very good! We had a special; chicken wrapped in Parma  ham smothered in a white wine sauce. They even made a special small pizza for the wee one! The people working here really fussed over our daughter which was a breath of fresh air. Most places don't really interact with children in this way. It really sets a positive good dinner atmosphere for a family. The owner even surprised wee one with a free ice cream dessert! Which was the icing on the cake! Very lovely people and top notch food. Can't sing higher praises for this place.
5	Positano is the most authentic and delicious Italian restaurant in Edinburgh. The staff is also one  the hardest working and friendliest I've even had the joy of being served by. If you want true Italian food served by true Italians who have an undeniable love for what they do, then this is the place for you. Also, it's affordable! Who can beat that?
4	The food was good and decently priced. You could smell the delicious aroma coming out of the restaurant before you even walk in. The service was SLOW though. Coming in to grab a quick dinner by myself, one of the waiters acted like it wasn't his problem to find a seat for me & didn't know what to do with most tables being full. Even after the crowd cleared and I got a table, the service was slow so that was not an excuse.  I would come back though to try it again!
