5	Good Mexican food in Tempe is very hard (impossible?) to find. Generally it requires a trek to Phoenix or Mesa to find the good stuff. When someone told me the old Devil's House had turned into a new mexican place, I was there that very night to try it for dinner.I brought along my friend who grew up in Yuma just like I did. We may be white boys, but we consider ourselves Mexican food experts. The one thing we have been looking for is good street tacos. In Yuma, there is at least 50 taco stands around the small city all serving up amazing tacos for around $1 each. The closest we've found around here is Mickey's in Mesa (a small hot dog place with great street tacos). Upon entering, the layout is a little weird. It looks nice like a sit-down place, but there is a big counter to go up and order. There is a salsa bar that my friend quickly examined. He said it was a good sign. Two kinds of salsa, creamy guac (the real mexican kind, not the chunky american kind) and an assortment of your standard taco toppings. We both got the carne (I got three tacos, my friend got the burrito). From the first bite, we could tell this place was a keeper. Big portions, juicy and very tasty meat. The salsa was perfect. I got the plate, so I got beans and rice as well. The beans were good but nothing special... The rice though, was amazing. I could eat a pound of it I think. The prices are average (I think I paid about $7, and my friend about the same). My friend also got a horchata, which he said was amazing. All in all, I'm just happy to have an actual good mexican food place to go to in Tempe now. It was pretty dead inside at dinner time, so I hope it can make it. Lets support this place and keep it around folks!
5	This is a really great taco stand style place.  While the fact that you order at the counter, and the look of the menu they have displayed may remind you of Filibertos' or any other [fill in the blank]bertos' restaurant, the comparison ends there.  The place itself is decorated very nicely, with a modern touch, as well as a Mexican influence.  There's a salsa bar with a variety of salsas and spicy vegetables that is properly maintained so it doesn't look like everything has been sitting out for a week like you see in some other places.I've been there twice so far, and have only tried two things.  Carne asado tacos and a carne asada burrito.  I think you can judge if a Mexican food restaurant is good by the quality of their carne asada.  In this case their carne asada is really top notch.  They use quality steak, and it seems like they grill it on an open flame instead of just a flat grill (Just based on taste, didn't actually see them do it).I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a great giant burrito for only around $4.50.
4	I must say that this is the best taco place in all of Tempe.  I usually had to make a trek to the west side to get some decent tacos.  This involved considerable time, money, and having to be in the west side.The flour tortillas, the meat, the drinks, and the fact that they put cabbage on the tacos were all outstanding.  The hot dogs were decent but I would hold out for the real deal bacon wrapped ones, if you can find them.  However please note the following:  The corn tortillas were below par (think mission brand).  To many a mexican food joint are ruined by there tortillas and I am making a stand!!Overall it is a great place and I hope it sticks around.
2	I had the Mexican hot dog.  The dog was boiled not grilled.  The bacon was bacon bits sprinkled on top.  The "bun" was cold as were most of the toppings which quickly cooled down my dog to lukewarm.  My friend had the chicken stuffed burrito and she said it seemed like the chicken was boiled also.  My other friend did enjoy the tortilla soup and beef taco.  And everything but the soup was served on styrofoam.  I am so Not a fan of styrofoam.
5	There is no good mexican food in Tempe....well thats what I would say before Morenos came to town. YES, YES, YES!!! Horchata in a big jug behind the counter, YES! Cabeza chimichangas, YES! Blaring mexican music outside, YES!
5	Good food! Have been searching for a reasonable Mexican restaurant in tempe for a while now. The first time I drove by I didn't stop because it didn't look like a sit down restaurant. After reading some yelp reviews I decides to give it a go. I am glad I did. It was priced very fairly. Their specials are awesomely priced, and very tastey.  Great rolled tacos with rice and beans. Pretty good salsa too. Little upset at the lack of free chips/salsa, but overall a dinner for two and chips was under $20. I'll take that any day of the week. I plan to return soon.
2	I was bored and hungry on tour, found this place thanks to my Yelp app, and decided to go for a walk in the hot Arizona sun for a Corona and a burrito. Fast, friendly service. Decent food. I couldn't pick up my burrito because it came out on my plate already split underneath. Luckily I'm the type of person who doesn't mind if he has to eat his burrito with a fork an knife. I ordered the "mix" meat burrito which was consisted of chicken, pork, and beef. About half way through my burrito, I realized there was little chopped up bits of hot dog in the meat mix...weird. I saw Mexican hot dogs as an item on their menu but didn't think they would make their way into my burrito. But it was good, so of course I continued to eat it. No free chips and salsa, although there was an open salsa bar with a really good salsa verde along with other salsas and hot sauces, jalapenos and carrots and onions, limes, and even cucumber. Oh and the $2 coronas all day every day is always a plus. All in all, it was decent but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back there to eat. Maybe to drink though :)
4	moreno's is cheap and delicious...yummy chicken tacos with cabbage, onion and cilantro...go to here
2	If I had reviewed this place after only eating their food a few times, I would probably have given them 5 stars.. I've ordered delivery from them about 8 times total between the middle of march and now. The first 4 times we had food from them they were excellent! The food was delicious the delivery didn't take very long, the delivery guy was great. Overall, those first 4 experiences were awesome. Since then their service has gone downhill consistently. The last time that we ordered from them our order was entirely screwed up and we had waited 1hr & 50 mins for chile relleno, 2 tacos, 2 horchatas, and a taco salad. All of our food was cold and we only got 1 horchata because the delivery driver dropped the other one. Their tacos are usually great but these were just bad. Anyway, I'm not sure what's been going on at Moreno's in Tempe, but everytime we've ordered from them it's gotten worse. I hope this is temporary because when we first had their food, I loved it.
4	Husband-o and I needed some cheap good eats for dinner after I returned from a business trip.  Scanned the Yelp and were not disappointed by Morenos.  Though not the absolute best Mexican food in the Phoenix/Rural/Metro Area, it is the best in Tempe.  Started with the requisite chips and salsa.  Despite having to pay for them, they were worth the $2.49 and they brought us a free refill of the hot, perfectly crispy and salty appetizers.  Salsa had good smokey flavor and the right kick of heat.I got the #2 combo with a chicken taco and a beef burro.  The taco was a bit small, but very similar to those you'd actually find in Mexico on the street carts.  Beans and rice were pretty run of the mill, nothing spectacular, but definitely tasty.  The burro was great.  The best part was the steak, though it was more a chopped beef than a shredded (which I personally prefer), but the right-off-the-char grilled flavor was intense and very savory.  The tortilla was better than most, but you can find better in Central Phoenix if you want to make the trek.  Husband-o got the beef chimi and was very happy with it.  The guac was better than average.Overall atmosphere is very laid back and Tempe-esque.  Service was great (though there weren't many patrons to serve...was Thursday at 7pm).  Looks like they had a good selection of Mexican beer and a fun variety of margaritas.The value is great, too.  I, who rarely have leftovers, took home a box with half the meal, as did Husband-o.  Total bill was $19.Another great asset, you can opt for table service, but can also just order right at the counter!
4	Nothing like sitting at home in your pajamas, waiting for your Mexican food to arrive :) I couldn't decide between the carne asada burrito and the bean burrito, so I ordered them both, with a side of guacamole. I split them each in half and saved the rest for tomorrow. The bean burrito was REALLY good. As for the carne asada burrito, it was good but not as delicious as I was hoping. Maybe it's the quality of meat, but I really can't complain, it was very reasonably priced. The BEST part of the burritos are the tortillas. They are delicious! I will definitely order from them again, how can I not; they are fast, inexpensive and THEY DELIVER!!!
5	The food is so good, the staff is so nice, the location is awesome!  They even deliver!The food here is authentic and fresh.  The staff is very friendly.  There is a huge choice of food and a lot of different types of meat, but it is also vegetarian friendly.
4	Moreno's certainly deserves its props in Oaktown for being a pretty damn good Mexican restaurant in Tempe. It's great to know that in a city flooded in the market of "berto's" style fast Mexi-food, there are some places that want to show it's customers a little bit more! Here are a few tips when eating here:1. GET THE CHIPS! Seriously, they are fantastic - and they are probable the best chips I've had at a Mexican restaurant.2. The salsa bar is great, but do yourself a favor and order salsa from the back. It is the best salsa in the whole restaurant guaranteed.3. Their torta plates are tasty (especially the adovada), filling and cheap! 4. Make sure you relate yourself with the daily specials, they have some great deals!If you're by ASU and want some Mexican food, Moreno's is a sure thing.
5	Came because the Best of Phoenix issue told me to.  After contemplating whether to take my daughter to the restaurant next to Club Tattoo, we entered the cleanest restaurant I've ever seen.  I think it is supposed to look like a dive with bricks showing through the walls, but it is just too clean.  The chips were fresh and salty and the salsa was runny and spicy; both delicious.  I order the pollo fundido to see what a fundido is.  After filling up on chips, my daughter ate one-fourth of my fundido (sans pollo because she is vegetarian), her beans, and none of her quesadilla.  The guacamole was fresh and the other three-fourths of the fundido tasted great.  The service was also great.  So if you are looking for some delicious, inexpensive Mexican food served really fast and in a clean restaurant, Moreno is your grill.
3	I will give them credit for the Salsa that comes with the chips.  It's very tasty.  Smokey, just a "tad" runny, but chock full of nice-sized onion chunks.  My two kids and I both loved it.The rest of the food - nothing too special.  We had a chicken torta, and it was "OK" - nothing to make it stand out, yet nothing to complain about either.  Thus the 3 stars.I want to give them another try and see if they can improve my view of them - and to give myself a chance to try more items.
3	I went for lunch in between classes at ASU, and got the chicken chimichanga at the recommendation of my waiter. The most tasty part of my meal was the free salsa. I smothered my bland chicken chimichanga with it.
3	Pretty standard fare, but delivery definitely sets them apart in Tempe.
5	Great Mexican food!
3	I have been a Moreno's customer since they day they opened. When it opened, the restaurant was pretty very awkward. It was confusing if you were supposed to sit down, walk up and order, bus your own plates. It made the restaurant uncomfortable.However, the food was fantastic. I used to live across the street from the restaurant and ate their a few time a week. The poritions were large and everything I ate was great. Chicken, cabeza, lengua, all fantastic. Asada was not the best, but it was still good. The salsas were good, but nothing memorable. Rice and beans were always delicious. Even the shrimp burrito was tasty.Everything was great for the first year or so of the restaurant.Recently they have made some refinements and it is just not as good. While they have removed the akwardness from the restaurant, they have reduced portion sizes and raised prices. Still a good restaurant, but not like it used to be.Drinks are still VERY cheap at Moreno's. It was always hard for me to leave without knocking back a few Dos Equis.
2	"Let me yelp this place really quick.." I said to my friend before we came in. What a mistake it was to give up that idea.As you walk in, the place is clean and cosy. Service is fairly prompt, even though there was only one waiter working during lunch time.I had a fish burrito that arrived ~15 minutes after ordering. It consisted of undercooked rice, a pinch of vegetables, and fried breaded shoe sole for a fish. Honestly I once had a better fish burrito at Del-Taco across the street.My friend had chicken sizzling fajita, which was rushed in sizzling and smelling pretty good. Unfortunately, it lacked flavor and had the same undercooked rice and 97 year-old salad for sides. The guac and sour cream were fresh, though.Worth noting is that the salsa was pretty good, full of flavor with just the right bite of hotness. So if you're looking for some chips/salsa and beer, go for it. Otherwise, don't do this to yourself.
5	Only one word AWESOME! The food and drinks are great and at a reasonable price. Next time I'm in Arizona I will definitely go again.
4	Interesting. Not outstanding. Their soft tacos were plain, but the sonoran hotdog- their signature item was AWESOME!.  Great staff too.
1	I cannot believe what I was served here! I ordered the mini Chimis. The chicken ones were ok but a little plain. The beef ones, on the other hand, were freaking MOLDY! I can't freaking believe it. I was very upset. It seems as though I am not going to get sick from this (its been about 10 hours since I ate there and I feel fine). The waiter was nice and comped us the meal.
2	I purposely made a yelp account so I could rag on this particular restaurant and how frustrating they are. I hope the owner sees this. Notice two stars and not just one? I love their food. They get an extra star for that. The chips salsa is the bomb. Enough compliments...But the service is terrible! If I could curse up a storm about them, I would. They deliver only on occasions.. it seems like. They close up early, it's a college town... What college town delivery restaurant closes up shop early?  We asked for delivery at 830 and they said "We close at 9". Well it's not 9 yet wtf?! The service sucks. It's so bad I'm no longer going to order from this place again. After they denied our money.. We drove to the one on Horne and Broadway, which was still open, placed an order to go, and the guy couldn't make a salad. We asked for just a dinner salad with no cheese or dressing.. And somehow they were incapable of doing that. They took sooo much time asking how to make the salad that every time I gave them clear specific instructions, they would come back with something like chicken on there. A regular salad... With lettuce tomatoes onions. Did you hear me say Chicken? The sad part to this is that they left a menu for delivery Anyway, you should join me in boycotting Moreno's. It's a horrible experience every time.
4	SO SAD!!!!! They went out of business! :(((
