1	Wow... We didn't think a sandwich could be this pitiful. Somehow, these funny named little fellas found a way!  Tasteless "French" bread combined with scant meat and scarcely any toppings makes for an unhappy patron.  The only minor bright spot in the meal was the soup, but then again, when you pay close to $13.00 for a wich combo, cup of soup and a drink, you certainly expect something better!  We would say that this is mostly on par with Subway only for half the amount of food and almost twice the cost.  We certainly wish Erbert & Gerbert's all the best and hope our experience was just an opening day fluke! These new 5 star reviews seem totally contrived, but we'll be back in about a month or two to check and see.
5	This store just opened and it's terrific! With a great selection if sandwiches from classic to signature, the real problem is making a choice. Located close to campus with plenty of parking it's easy to get to. Patio seating under a sunshade or inside in the cool air conditioning.     Even better: they offer delivery and stay open until 3am everyday.      The service is friendly and quick. The store is brand new and clean. The sandwiches and soups are spectacular.      I highly recommend.
4	Being from MN originally I was already familiar with Erbert & Gerbert's but it's been years since I've been to one so I was very surprised to find one here! My boyfriend and I stopped in on a Saturday. This place is small! But it wasn't very busy so seating wasn't an issue. I got a half Narmer, which is turkey with avocado, and a cup of chicken and wild rice soup. The soup was delicious. A mainstay up in MN or WI, not too many places here do wild rice soup and this was done just right. The sandwich was just pretty good. The funny thing is that like most sub shops they cut out the center of the bread, but here they give it to on top of your sandwich. Which worked out great for dipping in soup! Anyway, like I said the sandwich was pretty good. The ingredients tasted fresh enough but I wanted the French bread to be a little softer. The bread at Jimmy John's is super soft so I was hoping for something similar. But overall, it was a solid sandwich.There is a lot of competition when it comes to sandwich shops in downtown Tempe now but I think there's a place for E & G. Especially if you're looking for a sandwich on the go.
1	the only thing keeping me from raging on the employees right now is the insert of bread they  give you with your sandwich. enjoy over paying for a worse version of jimmy johns. dont come here.
5	I've been coming to E&G pretty much every day since they opened up here. I had never been to an Erbert & Gerbert's until I moved out here, and I'm glad that I finally got to experience them.The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming, clean and looks good, the staff are always really cool and nice to me, and I see the manager up at the front talking to customers every time I've ever been.I've tried a few of the sandwiches and surprisingly I've liked them all quite a bit! Even the PB&J! Tonight I got the Narmer but substituted the regular mayo for their pesto mayo and added their tasty peppadew mustard. I'd never had peppadew before coming here, and now I can't get enough!I recommend this place to anyone looking for a good sandwich spot!
5	This place has amazing sandwiches! Each one is very unique in the use of ingredients and its name. The service is very fast and every employee always has a smile on their face. I cannot wait until I can go back and try each and every sandwich. So far my favorite is the Apollo which has chicken and barbecue sauce! Yum! I hope this place stays around because I love them!
2	Think of this as Jimmy Johns with wheat sub roll. The place is an exact copy of Jimmy Johns. From the menu, to the look, the atmosphere, even the receipt is similar.  The sandwich was fine, nothing special. the strange part was that they give you the inside of the bread that they removed (see pic). I didn't need it but it was different.  This location probably won't last because there is an actual Jimmy Johns on Mill that will get all the passers by. This location is not in a very accessible location when there is a lot of traffic.  E & G's is good if you are walking by and need a quick sandwich but don't make a special trip.
4	Pleasantly surprised. Their cranberry Wasabi is quite good and unique. We ordered delivery and they sent a long some extra chips which was nice. We will order again.
5	I was there the other night for the first time.  I don't really like going into Tempe, but for those who are used to it (my daughter is graduating from ASU this year), this is a great place.  The parking was a lot easier than I thought it would be, attached to the building and free for the first hour, so whew, it wasn't too hard to meet my daughter there.  My husband used to really like Jimmy Johns, (decent), but their food doesn't compare and DEFINITELY nothing like a Subway for which I was grateful.  I ordered the Titan, which has a pesto mayo (love pesto) and heard from the young gentleman serving me that they had potato soup.  He explained they carve out a portion in the bread for soup dipping.  O.k., so normally I love potato soup, not so much so in a restaurant of this type, so I wasn't entirely sold, but decided to give it a try.It is a loaded potato soup (don't know if it's available all the time), but it was absolutely surprisingly delicious.  I would most definitely order that any time it was available, I didn't notice what other soups they had, because Potato is my favorite.  I love dried tomatoes and pesto mayo.  This is what sets them above what might be considered a typical sandwich shop.  I want to try several other sandwiches, and like the versatility of the sauces like cranberry wasabi, that is one I think I'd like to try also.   I wish my  business was closer, I'd order in :)  I think you will be pleasantly surprised. The staff was extremely personable.
5	This is my favorite sub shop EVER!!! I am from the Midwest and lived off Erbs and Gerbs during college in Minnesota, and I am sooooo happy this store is down here in Tempe.  All of their subs are phenomenal and their soup is out of this world! Check them out, seriously,  you will NOT be disappointed!
1	Flavorless sandwich with inconsistent hours. Called during posted "business hours" and they were not open. Please do not waste my time.
1	Was working at the  Tempe Festival and this was the closest restaurant to my booth. Ordered a turkey sandwich. It was ready in two minutes!  Wow I was impressed. Took one bite and I almost cried. All it had was mayo And lettuce. Couldn't tell what I was eating if I closed my eyes.  Two slices of processed meat and one slice of cheese. I should have asked for a refund.  I was starving so I was forced to eat half. Gave the other half to a street dude who looked hungry.  I predict this place will be closed when I return for the spring show in March. With all of the restaurant closings on Mill Ave in the last two years, this place doesn't stand a chance.  I saw at least six new places from when I was here six months ago. No clue why this place is even open for business. I hate Subway and this place is worse. For real
1	It appears that anybody can open a sandwich shop and use poor quality ingredients and suddenly they are a nationwide chain of crappy sub shops, aka Subway. This place takes it to another level with really stupid sandwich names and then if you start reading some of the combination of ingredients on the menu, the situation gets even worse. Nothing sounded good and they use good ole' deli sliced (read - Oscar Meyer quality) turkey and other B list ingredients. Also, what is with taking the filling out of my bread? I always make fun of those people and I open my sandwich and my bread innards are laying next to my lame sandwich. I know that's your "thing", but at least gimme a choice. It is my bread and after all since I'm paying. In addition, they also forgot to put avocado on my veggie sub. Ironically, as I was ordering a group of folks were marching outside concerning the recent police actions. I was secretly hoping that this store would get looted, but no luck, so just avoid this poor excuse for a sub shop.
