5	Z Pizza has great lunch specials.  I love their slice, salad and a drink deal you can get for about $7.  Very convienent for a quick workday lunch.  It's a hard decision whether to eat at Slices or Z Pizza.  I really like the food at both, but Z wins an extra star for always being well maintained (and cool) inside.
5	I live not but a half mile from this Z Pizza and I can't in good conscience bring myself to ever call Pizza Hut or Dominoes again!  The pizza selection fantastic...You've got to get the Napoli or the Provence pizzas.  They're not just good, but sublimely good for a place around the corner.  I feel bad for anyone not within delivery range, but I guess I am lucky to be so close and have access to great, simple pizzas and salads that don't taste "fast".  A definite must visit when in the Northeast Valley!
5	I hardly ever eat pizza because I can never find a place that the slice is not sliding around the plate in it's own oil/grease.  BUT this place is soo wonderful.  It's more gourmet pizza with tons of organic ingredients.  So for the health nuts (it's cool I'm a member too!) this is whole, fresh ingredients packed into a beautiful presentation.  The pizza and salads are so pretty you almost don't even want to eat them! But then the salivating begins and you dive in.  My personal favorites are the Casablanca (mozzarella, ricotta, mushrooms & artichoke hearts) and the Moroccan (pesto, eggplant, feta cheese & eggplant!).  The salads are also great.  I've had the Pear & Gorgonzola Salad (to die for!) and the ZBQ Salad.I live less than two miles away and even on a weekend between 6 - 8 pm they still deliver within 30 minutes if not earlier!Try it!!! zzzzzzzzz :)
5	I go hear often enough that employees recognize me and know what I'll order.  Great place to stop in and have a quick slice of pizza.   They also have my favorite soda there, Jones soda.  Good sized menu with organic pizza, salad and noodles.  Has 5 or 6 four person tables and 2 two person tables on the inside as well as stool seating along the wall.  Some more tables are just outside.  You can see the employees making everything through a glass window.  The pizza is really good, which is all I ever have there.  I'll usually go out and eat there, but when I'm tired or just lazy, they deliver!!
5	I drive 25 minutes to this location when I want pizza for lunch. The pizza is incredible. Like many others after having discovered this pizza, I cannot bring myself to ever ordering a Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, etc... pizza again! I guess Z Pizzas deal is organic ingredients. It works. I think its the sauce that sells it to me. It's pretty much just tomatoes. They have other things like sandwiches and salads, but I never make it past the 2 slice combo for lunch.
5	I just moved here from New York and feel that this pizza is amazing.  Beautiful, crisp crusts.....
5	OMG OMG OMG Hands down the best (and best for you) pizza around. Try the Pear and Gorgonzola, or the nitrite-free pepperoni, or any of the Rusticas. Seriously...they might have a secret ingredient because I find myself craving their pizzas in a way I've never craved any other pizza. Not only that, but they are the nicest group of folks you could ever hope to meet! (Yes, they deliver in the neighborhood -- and check out 2 for 1 Tuesdays!!!!)
5	excellent pizza! helpful, kind service! quick take out! i had the thai and it was everything i hoped it would be and more. crust crispy, ingredients fresh, toppings plentiful, sauce peanut-y. i am so happy i work less than a mile from here - i'll keep coming back.
5	I was going to give ZPizza 4 stars then I started thinking....why not 5? I have never had a problem with service, staff is always friendly, pizza is always good with little inconsistency, they now have the killer of all Vegan cheeses.....Daiya so why not? Well, 5 stars is reserved for someplace or thing that you cannot live without. If it were to go away, or you were never able to have it again, then your life would somehow always be one notch below what it could be.I am not sure I feel THAT strongly about ZPizza, but then I realized if I gave it 4 stars I would be the first non-5star review for this location! I can't bring that kind of Karma on myself! 5 stars it is!!The Soy Berkley Veggie pizza is really all I ever get, it's a great pie for sure. I like mine with wheat crust and lightly baked and most of the time Zpizza does just that. The buy one get one free Tuesday deal is something we hit frequently, I understand that it's going away and will be replaced with another customer appreciation deal but really, I am surprised it has made it this long. It was quite the deal. The Soy cheese used to contain Casein which doesn't exactly make it vegan friendly. Most all stores now have switched to Daiya vegan cheese(which isn't soy but actually made from a root). It's the tits(see what I did there? Tits is a hot new word for describing something top notch, but tits is also what dairy cheese come from, this cheese doesn't; so you can stop thinking about a cows tits and where your dairy cheese comes from, clever I know) The cheese is fantastic, Whole Foods carries it for there pizzas too. I have had there yuppie veggie sandwich before as well ( I was really hungry and had a pizza and sandwich if you must know) and it too is good. The pizza at Zpizza might not impress pizza snobs looking for authentic Sicilian, Brooklyn, etc pizza but the pizza is good and creative and uses better ingredients then most places, therefore actually making it somewhat good for you(ok, it's still pizza but I am trying here).I haven't been to ZPizza in a few weeks and after checking there menu it looks like they have made a few changes, my Soy Berkley pizza now has a new name and new ingredients. I see some other changes as well, change is good, I am not mad(NOOOO!!!!). Time to see what new pizza creation I can put together, the addition of new and healthy ingredients can only help.
5	I love Z Pizza so much it is almost always our Tuesday night meal plan (because of the buy one pizza get the 2nd for 5$. used to be free but still a great value,). My favorites are the Mexican, the Zbq with the thai being a close third. I have ordered from this location and the one on Hayden and they are both good but this one edges the Hayden one out I think. I want to branch out and try more but I'm so hooked it makes it really tough to change! We always order 2 mediums and have them for dinner and lunch the following day! So yummy!
5	The pizza is my favorite in Phoenix.  It is light, airy and tasty and does not give you that "I am reading to explode as my cotton mouth is making me drink two liters of water every half hour" feeling.The ingredients are fresh and delicious.  I am hooked!
5	Visitors from out of state, my husband and I came across this little pizza place while walking downtown.  We were more than pleased.  The pizza was EXCELLENT! we ate an entire large pizza and were very satisfied but not overly full.  The staff was friendly and the place was very clean, including the bathrooms.  You can't go wrong eating here.
2	Z Pizza is indeed my favorite pizza in the Valley. It's fresh, great tasting, and is made by great people. HOWEVER. This location...sucks. I've ordered from here numerous times, and delivery takes forever. (Even though it doesn't seem nearly as crowded as other locations.) The staff who work here are friendly, as I've found at all of their restaurants. The pizza my sister and I ordered a few days back though was salted to no end. Don't get me wrong, I love salt, no matter how bad it is for me, but I've never tasted such a salty pizza. I could see the coating of it layering the top of the pizza. Disgusting. This completely repulsed me, so I didn't really care for another slice. Z Pizza makes a great pie, that's undeniable. I may have had a once-in-a-blue-moon shitty pizza, but that's enough for me to drive to Thompson Peak & Hayden to make sure I get the quality food I'm paying for.
3	What happened Z? I let a few meh experiences go trying to not be too critical but this last time really irritated me. One of our favorite pies here is a slight tweak on the Thai chicken, we drop the dead bird and the dairy and add Daiya cheese and avocado along with all the other toppings that come with it. They don't give you any money back for dropping chicken but that's cool, I can deal with that but at the very LEAST get all the other toppings on there. We order online to avoid any confusion, plus I think it's handy to have online ordering. Usually if something has onions it only goes on half, the web ordering makes this very easy to do. This last time was no different except we go maybe 1/4 of an avocado over then entire pie; it was a disgrace. Additionally they totally left of ALL of the bean sprouts, carrots and chile's! WTF!? It was bare. $18 for this? Really? I probably should have called back at that point but I had one incident a few months back and didn't want to hassle with it. We give this place lots of business though and I feel completely duped.For the time being we have been making pizza at home and LOADING on the toppings, I will admit that it's not as good and more of a pita but I am not ready to give Z another chance just yet, I feel too betrayed.
4	So after my latest frustrations with ZPizza I contacted management. I explained the situation and after an initial email I received a follow up. They didn't give me free pizza for life(guaranteed five stars) but they did give me a small discount on my next pizza which we ordered that night to see if things would change.I was told by management that they had new cooks and the online ordering I guess is not as straight forward on their end as it is for the customer so we called in our order last night. I am happy to report the pizza was pretty much perfect, not missing any toppings, a decent amount of toppings, etc. I am not sure the price was right but maybe their prices have gone up, even so I appreciated that management actually got back to me and that I can enjoy Z again.
4	Z Pizza is great! I used to go here for lunch all the time with my co-workers (we went through a phase when we were going there at least once a week). They have a great variety of pizza and almost every slice I've tried has been very good. The guys who work at the Tatum location are awesome - super friendly and great service!
4	We ended up here for our book club.  Not too shaby.  We were going to be at the greek place across the street but they ended up being closed on Sundays.  Friendly service, yummy pizza and good tossed salad because of their house dressing.  Overall, nice little pizza place.
4	The pear and gorgonzola pizza is probably the best pizza I have had in a long time. There are a lot of complaints here about the service, but we didn't seem to have any problems when we ate here. It is pretty small, not a place I would really recommend for dine-in. They also sell by the slice, which is something you don't see everyday. I look forward to going back!
4	I wish I could be wittier, but this was some pretty good vegan pizza.Finding pizza with "cheese" when you are eating vegan can be difficult. Finding food options, period, can be difficult. So my vegan friend was searching out places to eat (besides the usual), and his friends suggested this place. And you know what, the berkeley vegan was pretty delicious.I used to be distrusting of fake cheese and meat, but I have been able to put aside that fear to realize that its not so bad. In fact, the cheese they use here (daiya, I think) is remarkably similar to the real thing; and the burger crumbles were flavored a lot like italian sausage.  For $20 for a large, its not terrible, but its far from cheaply priced.  The crust was okay, it was not as chewy as I prefer, but not like cardboard either.  If you are vegan looking for pizza, this is a good choice.
4	love the vegan options. try it, the daiya cheese they use is just as good if not better than the real thing. service can be a little slow, but always polite and welcoming.
5	mmmmmmmm, as close to NY pizza as I have found. excellent toppings, great pricing.
1	I wish I could be wittier here, but I have no idea what sort of flaccid, cardboard-flavored, awful, disgusting stuff the reviewers who like this place were eating before they thought that this was good "pizza."  I've tried it several times, hoping for improvement, only to be disappointed.  Oh, Z Pizza, how you never fail to fill me with regrets...The first time was from a neighborhood circular just a little while after they'd opened a few years ago.  We ordered the Casablanca, and were told to come in 20 minutes to pick it up.  We ran a little late and showed up 5 minutes past the due date.  They hadn't even made our pizza.  The guy behind the counter grabbed a pre-made crust, tossed the toppings on (I swear he must have poured a gallon of garlic sauce on it or something; Papa John's and the new Domino's had nothing on this pie) and handed it to us with a look of disdain.  Eating it was even worse.  Crust was alternately soggy, half-cooked. and stale, ricotta tasted past its due date, and we ended up throwing most of it out and having PB&J sandwiches instead.The second time was at a friend's place.  His girlfriend was a fan, and it had been a couple of years, so I thought that maybe they'd gotten over the New Restaurant Hump and improved.  This time it was Pepperoni.  Pizza arrived late and was cold, the driver wasn't at all apologetic, and once again, it tasted awful, despite the beers we pounded back to dull the senses and lower our standards. The third time was when someone ordered it for my office.  "Oh, there's traditional cheese here," I thought.  "It can't be that bad."  Apparently, I had learned nothing from my previous experiences.  I've had a lot of lousy pizza in my time, but this was the absolute WORST.  At least a half-dozen of us from the office got food poisoning at the same time, and the only thing we'd all eaten was the "pizza" from Z Pizza (not even the same pies, either!).If you want ACTUAL good pizza, go to NYPD.  Or Grimaldi's.  Or hell, buy Totino's.  Anything is better than the slop they have there.
2	Was it worth the 21$ for a salad and small pizza? Absolutely not! Bad service. Maybe the guys grandma died I don't know. I want to tell you what really made me mad about the experience. We order the small pizza and salad and the guys could have cared less and took our $ and we sat down. We were looking around and hmm, there's a sign saying "x large pizza and large salad only 23$". Wow that would have been nice if the guy told us that. I left hungry, mad and unsatisfied. To the owner: teach your employees the value of upselling and telling the specials. Something so small can affect a customers experience negatively. And your salads are severely overpriced Won't go back unless I'm desperate.
3	Sadly, this is the best available delivery pizza in our area.  It is California-style, which means good, fresh ingredients in interesting combinations for a bit too much money.  Sometimes it is not as satisfying as a more traditional pizza.  Also, they can be incosistent.  Probably one in three deliveries ends up being sub-par (undercooked, too little cheese, etc.)
4	Closed - they did not renew their lease :( Saw a sign posted up on their door this morning.
4	Z Pizza has my favorite salad of all times! The Pear and Gorgonzola. It's SO good, I highly recommend! The pizza here is good, too. They don't skimp on toppings, and the crust has an almost sweet flavor to it. I would give them 10 stars for food (when they get it right). We have had some incorrect pick-up orders a few times and sometimes the food is different. Like they forgot some of the stuff the dish or pizza is supposed to include.This location is super small for dining in, so I recommend doing take out or delivery (although they have a very small delivery radius). The other Z Pizza's are good for dining in and even have beer and wine. Cost is average- ask for specials. They also have an online "Z-tribe club" that gives you a free small pizza for signing up and other deals via email. If you just want to try it out, sign up for the club first and you have nothing to lose! The kids that work there are nice enough, but can be a little slow and always seem stoned to me...
1	Went last night, as I was having a salad craving and *THIS LOCATION HAS CLOSED. What a bummer! I still recommend Z as a whole, so check out another location!
5	New to the area...wanted pizza!  Great Yelp reviews lead us here...definitely NOT disappointed!!  Caught the BOGO Rustica special (great deal!) ...hubby picked the Mediterranean and I chose the curry chicken with yams (sounded too weird to pass up...). Both were incredible! Light crust, fresh toppings, amazing flavor!  Signed up for email/text notifications on specials/coupons.  Can't wait to come back and try the Moroccan and pear/gorgonzola Rusticas!
