5	We use this for a post office location for our business.  The afte hours access helps us with our schedules and the employees see us coming so if are there during normal hours, we don't have to fumble with getting our box open.We also use the location to receive packages and appreciate the email notifications when packages arrive.The owner is very involved and is friendly and helpful. His involvement is evident in the way his employees act.
1	This store is horrible. I went in on a Friday and paid $21.29 ($14.81 in shipping costs) to have a package to California by Tuesday. Today is Tuesday and when I tracked the shipment online it said the shipping label has been created and once the package arrived at the facility, the delivery date will be updated.  Umm...what??? Shouldn't all of that have been done? The store is already closed so I called UPS Support. The guy was nice but said the store hasn't shipped the package to them yet but that they did accept payment for it. Great. Now what I shipped won't get to my sister in time who is leaving for France early Thursday morning. Who knows if the store even has my package anymore (I'm going to find out).  What a waste of money and time. I have a baby so running shopping and shipping errands in 100+ heat isn't exactly easy.By the way, my dad used this same store and paid for two day shipping (for an expensive electronic)...the package took 5 days to get there. I should've just gone to the post office. It would have been cheaper and I wouldn't be out $100+ dollars on the cost of a gift and shipment. I've never had such poor results from a UPS store. Save yourself the hassle and use the kiosk at the post office.
5	Gabbi was busy but didn't get flustered at the huge line that almost went out the door. She handled me and my three boxes of stuff, quick as a flash and got us out the door. Emailing labels for collect on account shipment was easy. Very impressed with service and ease of shipping, especially with hiw busy for noon in a Monday, they turned out to be.
1	Horrible, HORRIBLE experience. Sent a package out of the country for the first time. The girl seemed she knew what she was doing...not the case. My package was held in customs for 3 days before being sent back to me. Called their customer service phone number and was told the store sent it by the wrong service, the girl also didn't properly label my return address and now my package is in limbo. Their toll  free # is in India (what a treat!), I was sent to the original store to have corrected. When I get there this morning the owner gave me such horrible attitude and refused to take care of the matter there because 'he has things to do first" !!!!Horrible customer service at this location. Steer clear of this one. my international ship cost was $60.39. This owner that refused to resolve the issue right away would not tell me what he was going to do about the issue only that he would call me later.Three hours passed, the other business owner called to tell me because of the country's import rules for used clothing, they were not able to pass. Now, you would think a UPS store would know these things before asking you to pay $60.39 to ship a box. She also would not refund the shipping cost. I will never return to this location again
