4	Been going to Macayos for years.  It is a regular stop in the family restaurant rotation.  The service at this location is always decent.I would give it 5 stars, but they took my burrito off of the available options for the combo platters a few years back, and I'm still a little bitter about that.  Now I have to order it ala carte from my Enchilada platter (because choosing one or the other is just unrealistic).The thing that separates Macayos from a lot of the other Mexican places in town is that you can actually identify the meat source.  This is a big thing with me.  I like the "authentic" places sometimes, but I always have this nagging question in the back of my head as to what animal the "beef" actually came from.  Macayos seems to be the best of both worlds.  Good menu choices, with actual honest-to-god beef, pork, and chicken (etc).
1	I don't want to sound like a snob...but that was the worst Mexican food I've ever had!!!My husband is Mexican and we love Viva Mercados, but this was just all around nasty!  The salsa, beans, enchilada sauce...it seriously tasted like hospital food to me and I'm not joking!
4	The last two times I went to Macayos I had the Sonoran Beach Chicken Tacos. ( I love them) They appear plain but the sauce really makes them stand out ..I think it's made out of cilantro and ranch. They serve it with beans and rice but I always pass on the beans. It's filling and not bad for $9.99. The service is always accommodating especially last Monday our server was awesome. She really went out of her way to make sure we had everything we needed!
4	I'm here to talk dessert ...The Mini Chimi...was good! They have these little rolls stuffed with chocolate sauce. The rolls are a little harder than crepes. They sit on top of whipped cream and vanilla ice cream. It is served in like a tostada shell..I tried to dip the shell in ice cream but it tasted kind of awkward. They should maybe serve it in a waffle bowl instead. Overall it was a nice treat and it's big enough to share!
1	I came here once and knew I would never return.  It wasn't that the food was bad.  They had no hot sauce other than Tabasco.  CAn you imagine a Tex/Mex restaurant without Cholula or Tapatio? I sent a comment to the company via their website and I never got an answer.  With so many Tex/Mex choices available, I'll be glad to drive by this place and keep on going!
4	Macayo's has been a stand-by favorite of mine since the wee age of 14. I still order the same thing (either a TCT - toasted cheese tortilla or a Quesadilla). The cheese they use, and I know cheese, is SUPERB.The chips and salsa are crazy delicious. In fact, this is the first place I ever tried salsa (I told you I was picky!) and have been hooked ever since. They serve both smooth and chunky so you can make the decision for yourself.Margaritas = :) I could see how people would say it's not very authentic. Fortunately for Macayo's, I am no expert on authenticity. But I hardly have to twist the arms of my friends who are experts in that field to dine at Macayo's with me.But that could be because I only insist on getting the Fried Ice Cream after our meal. One of my favorite deserts in Vegas.
2	I went here with my parents the other day because they had a coupon.I ordered the shrimp verde enchiladas. When they arrived, they were chicken. I called the waiter over and told him I couldn't find any shrimp in my shrimp enchiladas. He apologized and got me a new order...which had shrimp. The enchiladas were okay but I probably wouldn't order that again.My mom had Baja enchiladas which she loved. My dad also liked his beef taco and Baja burrito.We all got the chicken tortilla soup to start, which was very good.I wasn't overly impressed with my meal but may have just ordered the wrong entree.The salsa served with the chips was less than stellar.
1	Had not been here in years and it looks as though I have not missed a darn thing! The ONLY bright spot was the warm crispy chips and their Macayo sauce (plus the friendly observant guy who kept the shiny silver chip bowl full!) Ordered the mini-mex sampler...Seriously, the Don Jose's frozen mini-chimi's and taquito's have far better flavor! It wasn't like the food was awful-it was bland... Not even worth the chewing... My husband ordered the salmon that came with a chili verde enchilada. He said the seasoning on the salmon was good but the poor salmon was as dry as my contacts after being worn 4-days in a row. The bite of enchilada was fine-nothing exciting but didn't make me sick either. The servers were pleasant. Definitely won't be eating here again given the other good eateries in town and the fact that I can buy Don Jose's at Smith's or Albertson's for far less dinero!
2	Lunch for 2 costs $36 here not including tip.  The place is corporate mexican restaurant...- The servers were okay but you can tell they hate their job.- The table was all gummed and sticky.- The place is "stale" - hard to explain - but that is the best description I can come up with.- I had 2 chicken enchiladas.  Meh..  Rice and beans. meh...  I would say this is below average mexican food.I would skip this place.  No Bueno.
1	Never again! 1. bland food, everything taste canned or packaged. 2. expensive for the low quality 3. service is bad 4. miserable decor Don't waste your money! Worst Mexican restaurant meal I have had in my lifetime guaranteed! I suggest "Super Mex" see my review! Durango/215.
3	It's okay
2	I've been eating here since I was a kid. The food is pretty good, but the service is just "ok". I remember wanting to work there after I graduated high school but their ad's said they only took people with a minimum of 2 years experience. Funny because now I've graduated college and I've worked in restaurants for 6 years and the service is nothing "2-years experience" worthy. The server always seems to be abrupt, in a hurry, and not personable. I actually had to get up and go to the water pitchers to refill my drink. I keep coming back for 2 reasons: 1- this is 1 of 2 places my brother can for sure eat at with his allergy, and 2 - the food is good.
1	Horrible service for Happy Hour! I met some friends here for happy hour last Friday (not my idea) and was sadly disappointed. The happy hour specials are reduced priced drinks and half off appetizers. Our problem was that we had a 90 year old waiter that had huge difficulties taking orders and getting them right. We ordered drinks that took forever to receive even though we were sitting 5 feet away from the bar. I walked up to the bartender (at the bar) at one point to order another drink and was quickly told that I had to wait for the old man to come back. The appetizers we ordered came out in sporadic order, some never came at all so we had to reorder. He even brought us a few we didn't order. I saw another table haggling with the waiter about the check he received as well. They need to either hire an additional waiter for the bar area during happy hour, or find one that can multitask efficiently. We had a group of 10 people and it took us 3 hours to get 10 drinks and 5 appetizers. On a side note, the food is mediocre at best.
5	Ahhhhhh Macayo's my first job in Las Vegas, five stars for that!   Oh wait...you fired me! ( stars removed) Ok Macayo, your on your own now, this review will be based solely on your own merits.1.  Location. Nice building with ample parking love it. Star2. Atmosphere. Clean and nicely decorated. Star3. Food. Very consistent, love the seafood enchiladas, mini chicken chimichangas, and great sizzling fajitas. Star 4. Service. Nothin out of this world. Only what is expected. The girl with big boobs across my table did get extra exceptionally good service. Star5. price. At around 8-15 for a meal? Star!I'm out of stars but the margaritas are a star of their own! I had a couple, few, some, of them before writting this so they may have had some influence on the result of this review. I may have make some changes tomorrow when my margarita goggles are off!
3	Why are there soooo many people hating on Macayos? The food is awesome. The service sucks! But...Macayos is a Vegas staple. There prices are reasonable. It's not the most authentic place, but it does it's job. I've never had a BAD meal here.I recommend: tortilla soup, baja burrito - shredded beef, pollo con espinaca,  enchiladas (any will work here), fried ice cream, and their signature margaritas!If you want tasty Mexican delights at decent prices and are in no big hurry, this is the spot. Word. Ole!
1	I stopped going there a few years ago: Can you say "Cheese?" Way too much of it on everything. Maybe it's changed, but why spend the dough for food one can get elsewhere and better? (I just came back to this review because Yelp told me it was unfinished, whatever that means).Because I'm intimidated by Yelp and women, I finish it with this: If you want a "lump 'o cheese," and at best mediocre Mexican food, go and enjoy yourself. It is definitely better than McDonald's.
5	This review goes for all the Macayos in Vegas. Been eating there since the 70's and it's my favorite Mexican restaurant because of the TCT and I love the beef ecnchiladas and the fajitas. Hundreds of other Mexican restaurants have opened and most are very good, but I still like Macayo best.
2	This is Mexican food done American to the max!! Lol if I want cheese all over my wanna be Mexican food I'll come back here but other than that Macayos you can stay away with your sad open faced so called quesadilla!! Smh
2	Probably the worst macayo's in town the food was terrible
3	This location is definitely nicer than the others but for some reason it just doesn't have that ghetto flare that the others do... I miss the one on Charleston and Decatur. The service is always OK, I always see more servers and bussers than necessary, or maybe not enough because I can never seem to get my drink, or my chips and salsa refilled in a timely manner. The food has always been pretty good, nothing super authentic but it's a sitdown mexican restaurant where you can be served in a nicer setting. When it comes to price, you have to know what you're looking for, some of the dishes are super over-priced with small portions and some are well-priced with great portions, I honestly have been kind of lost when it comes to some of their dishes and their differences other than price...
4	Anyone that grew up here in Vegas has most likely grown up going to Macayo's. I was upset to find out that the one on Decatur closed down since this is the one I grew up going to with my family.    I was pleasantly surprised to when I got to this one with my wife because of how nice, new and clean it looked compared to the other ones around town. It was clean with a nice friendly staff who were attentive but not over bearing and very friendly.   The food was good of course. I got the Beach Tacos which were chicken tacos on flower tortillas with rice, pico, lettuce and cheese with a chile-lime ranch... Amazing    If you go you also have to make sure you order TCT its what they are known for( besides their Margaritas and Pina Coladas)   Overall I was very pleased with the new Macayos and will definitely be back.Gracias Senor
1	NOT GOOD. with so many other options in town, there is no reason to eat at Macayo's. I understand that this restaurant caters to folks looking for a Tex-Mex style food. What I don't understand is how it can be so below average. They cover all of their food in cheese whiz (gross). I have been informed that Macayo's is a local favorite, and has been serving Las Vegas for years. It's time to move on people.
1	Big disappointment food is not fresh tastes like canned tomatoes and instant rice.  Beans were microwaved before serving too. Place is not to clean either tables are sticky.
4	Macayo's oh Macayo's, how I do love you so so MUCH.  I have been going to Macayo's for over 15 years of my life.  When I moved away it was the very first place I requested to go when I got off the plane.  My grandma knew almost all the staff, which were extremely friendly by the way! My favorite thing to get here is the bowl of albondigas  soup and a large TCT; *drool*.  I have tried other things of course such as the yummy cheesy enchiladas, the big tasty chimichangas, and rolled tacos.I have never experienced bad soup, chiladas, or TCT; and I'd say I have been well over 200 times so that's a pretty good record.  I must say though, hence why I had to minus a star, there have been a handful of times when I have gotten chicken items to find it was over cooked and flaky.  I would have to say it's hit or miss; but the other three items- you just cannot go wrong.  Hawg dawg, now I need to go get some! :D
2	Food didn't have much flavor and service could've been better.
5	Seriously AMAZING!!!! Linda is my new favorite server in Vegas......Friendly, knowledgeable! The foood was OUTSTANDING! And the whole staff came out to sing "Happy Birthday" (much to the embarassment to my 15 year old daughter!!!) Will for sure go back....the food, YES....But just to be around the people that work there..HELL YEAH!!! Nice job, Macayo's for having the BEST service and staff I have seen in a long time!!!!
3	It was my first time here n i was on a date. I'd have given a five star review but the lady who helped us was really snippy n sarcastic, which made my date get irritated n say  some mean things the whole night. Other than that my chimichanga was really good. I could have done without the waitress n the bad company. They should have eaten together.
2	I was torn between a 2 and a 3.  A  2 doesn't mean I'll never come back, but it does mean the food is not the quality I prefer from a sit-down Mexican restaurant.  This is one of those casual eateries where the food is slightly better than a fast-food joint but not totally unpleasant. The chips were very pedestrian. The salsas could have been made from canned tomatoes.  If a friend wanted to stop here I'd be ok with it, but if I wanted a nice evening out, this wouldn't be the place.Other than the food, the ambience was casual and comfortable, everything was clean, and the waitstaff were attentive and friendly.
3	Chips and Salsa are great here. I'd come to Macayo's just for the hot smooth sauce!! Mmmm nom nom nom....
2	While recently in Vegas, I decided to go back to and try an old love. No, not a strip club or girlfriend, Macayo's Mexican Restaurant.And just like trying to resurrect an old flame, it fizzled and was extremely disappointing. Sometimes it's just better to remember the good times and move on.Like love, our tastes change. Like love, one person matures, the other doesn't move forward. Macayo's is just bland. No spice. No atmosphere. Baby, you've lost that loving feeling.Friendly service? Oh yeah...enthusiastic server? Oh yeah. But now, this place is better suited for those palates who prefer plain. Period.
5	This place has been around since I was in high school and the food is still the same. Just a good staple. I give it 5 stars for consistency.
5	Been coming here my whole life, we have brought in birthdays, anniversaries and more. I love the chips and salsa and usually the service is always good. I love the enchiladas, shredded beef and green sauce. I have also had a steak there and it had cheesy goodness on top...bomb.They have a good happy hour as well:)
3	Probably 2.5 stars.  The staff was nice but it's the food that holds this place back from  a higher rating.  The chips and salsa are bland.  Went with the chicken, shrimp and steak fajitas.  The steak was clearly a low quality and tasted like liver, everything else just felt massed produced.  Next will be going elsewhere.
2	I think I've had my last mediocre experience with Macayo's to last me and justify finding a new restaurant.A friend and I went to this location for dinner recently.  We were seated in the normal dining room section...and then left for ten minutes.  Well, during that time we perused the menu and picked out exactly what we wanted.  When the waitress finally approached our table, she took our drink orders and then left before we could give her our appetizer or entre order.  She came back fairly quickly with our drinks, took our appetizer order and then left again.As we were waiting for our appetizer order (a cup of queso dip) I heard her approach the recently seated people behind me and ask them for their drink order.  The woman had indicated that they were ready to order their food also, so she prepared to take their order.  These are people that were seated after us.  At this point, I heard the party behind us inquire about the queso dip and the waitress responded, "These girls over here just ordered queso, so when it's done, I'll bring it by your table first so you can see what it looks like."  Really?  I've already waited long enough and I'm pretty hungry, but I have to wait longer for you to bring an item I'm paying for to another table for a display reason?She finally came back to get our actual orders and I requsted a grilled chicken quesadilla with no peppers or onions, just chicken and cheese.  The waitress asked me..."so, you don't want the chicken we normally prepare with the onions and peppers?"  No, I just said that I didn't want that.  When our food came out, my plate only had the quesadilla, no sour cream, no quacamole...nothing.  I stopped her and asked if she could bring me a side of sour cream and she says..."I thought when you said no garnishes that you meant everything."  Ok, first off, I never said "no garnishes."  I said that I didn't want onions or peppers IN my food.  She also failed to honor my friend's request that they prepare her enchilada with extra sauce.I think I'm just sick of getting ready to go out and paying for the experience, just for it to be so mediocre.  I know how to make a quesadilla and how to make an enchilada, next time I'll just stay home and do it all myself.
4	Hugo was great food was pretty yummy
4	Great Americanized Mexican food. The food is always yummy and quite tasty. This particular location is one of my favorites in town. The area is nice and the restaurant itself is so big and spacious. No cramping in or having to squeeze into the tables/booths. Yeah for no claustrophobia seating like some of their other older locations. I really enjoy the food here. No, it's not what my Mexican family makes, but it is good for what it is. I am addicted to their Baja sauce. You could put it on shoe leather and I would eat it up and ask for more! Do yourself a favor and try the Baja enchiladas with extra Baja loveliness. As well as the Baja sauce, their smooth salsa is delightful. I have been known to pour it all over whatever I am eating for an extra level of yum. It also goes wonderfully with the Baja sauce. I live me some saucy goodness!!!If you aren't in the mood for a big meal, check out the mini chimichangas. Add cheese on top and you have a great snack. Throw in a margarita and you have a party in your mouth!The prices are really quite reasonable too. They have great weekday lunch specials, as well as happy hour specials. Also check your neighborhood newspaper and they put coupons in pretty regularly.
4	I have been going to Macayo's since I was a toddler. It is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in town, and I've tried almost all of them. Parking is a pain at this location, and getting in and out of the parking lot is a little dangerous, but totally worth it!The Sahara location always seems to be loud, they always have parties going on, but it doesn't take away from the atmosphere at all- it adds to it! I loooove the Tostada Del Mundo! It's one of the best things on the menu!
4	NIce settling, very colorful.  Food was excellent.  Went for lunch with my grandmother.  Guac was really really good.  And i am picky.  Had the enchiladas del mar.  Pieces of crab and shrimp very tasty.
1	Stopped here for dinner the food was below average as was the service. I would have liked to have desert but since a waitress would have been required to order it I was out of luck as she never showed again after the food was served.After waiting forever for a check we finally went to the register and asked if we could pay. No tip was left which is rare for me.
3	The food wasn't horrible but it wasn't great either. The salsa tasted like spicy tomato soup, the tortillas were hard, but I had a veggie fajita and they brought out beef, I am vegan so had to ask for just veggies but when the veggies came out they were good lots of variety, broccoli, squash, zucchini, and mushrooms.
1	Horrible happy hour and service. Drinks are weak ! Food is bland!!
3	The food is always great here, but every empty table in the dining room was dirty and it wasn't that busy.  The bathrooms were clean though.  Overall it was a good experience.
4	We go because we've gone since we were little. We go because of Cha Cha and Bob. We go for the world's most delicious chips and salsa. We go for the TCTs. We go because it's delicious. The new location is bright and clean. Service is quick and friendly. I love my cheese enchiladas! And I love to fill my Cha Cha's huge hat with margaritas. Cheers.
4	Fajitas excellent
4	Ate here a few weeks back.  Have to rave about the chicken poblano, totally delicious.  If your a fan of chili relenos try this version!  Nice decor, friendly staff, reasonable prices.
4	I do love the chips and salsa, but most if the food is from a can. This location got an extra star cause its always clean. Service is spotty, unless you ask for Hugo, he's awesome! Sometimes reminding the bussers to refill the water and chips gets old, but a full bar makes up for it. The Shrimp Chilorio is tasty and good, and the Green Chili Cheese Enchiladas are unique. They offer businesses 15% discount cards, do ask!
1	The look and atmosphere of this place is starting to show its age. We just ate there for dinner, and the food was mediocre at best, stale tasting chips. After we finished with our so so meal, our waitress was no where to be found. We learned she was attending a large group and she just abandoned us. It felt satisfying leaving no tip.Adios Macayo, we'll NEVER return.
1	I've driven by this place many times and my husband and I finally decided to give it a shot. From the outside, it looks like you would get a classic "Mexican Food" experience. We had high hopes.OMG, were we completely wrong! While Las Vegas doesn't have many great Mexican restaurants, this place was definitely bottom of the barrel. One star is being generous and that star is only due to the waitstaff who were friendly and attentive.The food, however, is another story entirely. The chips were fine but that's not saying much since it really takes a concerted effort to screw up something as simple as a tortilla chip. I find that the quality of a Mexican restaurant can almost always be immediately determined by the quality of the salsa. I was optimistic when our chips were served with not one, but TWO different tyes of salsa. Sadly, my hopes quickly turned to profound disappointment. One "salsa" tasted like the blandest, generic jar of salsa one can find in the grocery store. The other can only be described as glorified enchilada sauce. Seriously, who eats enchilada sauce with their tortilla chips?Our entrees were an even bigger disappointment. My husband and I both ordered salads from the lunch special menu. I ordered the BBQ Chicken Chipotle chopped salad and was stunned when an industrial sized cauldron of "food" was placed in front of me. My $10 salad consisted of a few small strips of over-salted chicken with barbecue sauce atop a pile of lettuce cut into chunks big enough to choke a cow. I did occasionally see evidence of tomatoes, beans, corn and a few other ingredients that were listed on the menu description. However, these other ingredients were so difficult to locate amongst the ridiculous amount of lettuce that I would have probably had better luck trying to find a leprechaun or unicorn. My husband's salad was Macayo's version of a tostada salad with chicken. Once again, a ridiculous amount of iceberg lettuce mix from a bag, at most a Tablespoon of canned pinto beans at the bottom, and the same bland, over-salted chicken breast that I received. We both ordered our food with no cheese but were shocked by how little else was served. If I had to summarize both of our meals in one word, it would be BLAND.Using fresh, high quality ingredients and made to order menu items prepared by a chef who cares is the key to great food. Why is this most basic concept lost on this restaurant? Macayo's has a lot of potential in terms of location, ambience and friendly staff. If they find a way to improve the quality of their food, there is no doubt that their business success would increase exponentially.
2	After waiting 15 minutes to be greeted by a server I thought I would suck it up and be patient. However, it got worse! The soup we ordered had a layer of grease on the top and the margaritas were watered down with cheap sour mix. Furthermore, the food came out at different times leaving the kids without their cold quesadillas. The server was far from apologetic and I was sorry we came. I always look for a positive though-the salsa was delicious. However, it is safe to say I think I will stick to my other favorite Mexican spots next time.
2	i really wanted to like this restaurant, but it was just okay.  i liked our waitress; our food not so much.  the chips were alright.  salsa tasted store-bought or like it came out of the can.  i mostly got full off of that because the food seemed to take a while.  ordered a three choice meal. i chose a deep fried shredded beef taco, sour cream green chicken enchilada, and tamale with a chicken tortilla soup on the side.  the best of my choices was the sour cream green chicken enchilada.  everything else was meh. the food is more americanized and it's acceptable for that matter, but disappointing for me as i was expecting authentic.  i probably won't be back again.
3	This is a very typical Mexican place.  Not upscale, buy not Taco Bell either.  Many things are likely from a can, the quality is minimal, the fat content is high but so is the flavor.  Macayo's is ideal for when you want some chips and various Tex Mex dips, tacos, burritos, chimichangas, etc.Our first trip to Macayo's was on a friends recommendation.  He had some margarita beverage-ware (silly looking clay cups with either a Mexican man or woman's torso with a cup on the head).  If you bring this cup with you, margarita refills are hella cheap.($3-4)  The service was fairly bad.  It was an hour before closing, yet the bartender's (male, did not introduce himself) actions made it pretty clear that he couldn't be bothered with us and was ready to go home.   He made assumptions (don't give me a frozen margarita just because I am a girl and then look put off when I insist on having it on the rocks) and skimped on every aspect of service.  Nevertheless, we had queso on the brain and were determined to stay and make the best of it.We had a trio of dips including spinach queso, chile queso, and beans for just under $10.  It was just what was needed and expected.I had vegetarian fajitas and was thrilled with zucchini, squash, broccoli, peppers, and mushrooms, but not so thrilled that more than half of my total veggies were onions.  The boys were all happy with their various tacos, nachos, and burritos.  Rob recommends the beef burrito.  For some reason, 2 of our friends decided to WAY over tip even though the service was hesitant at best.  Maybe next time this guy will remember us and be more attentive?My return trip several weeks later was much better!  Michelle being behind the bar brought happy, prompt service.  She clarified all of our orders---yes, I would like that on the rocks:) smiled, was well-informed on menu items, and had a general sense of pride in her job.  We repeated the tasty-fattening trio of dips and I remembered to order my  veggie fajitas sans onions.  Success!I can't give it more than 3 stars due to:Lack of ambiance and music(we played our own Pandora the first time)Low quality of ingredients, especially the pink/white tomatoes and iceberg lettuce.However, I will be back because sometimes you just need some crappy delicious Tex Mex and a margarita. Happy hour $3.99 margarita $1.89 dips.Less than 5 for taquitos, chicken fingers, wings, mini-chimichangas.  $2-3 beer
1	During one of our visits to this location, I ordered a dish, but without chicken, as I was trying out a vegetarian diet at the time. The waitress brings it out with chicken. I politely remind her that I had ordered it without. She argues with me and tells me, "No, you ordered this with chicken!" Shocked that she's arguing with me, I incredulously reply, "I'm on a vegetarian diet, why would I order it with chicken?" She gave more attitude and we talked about not going back.A few months went by and we decided to give this location one more chance. Our food was terrible (overcooked, etc). We asked to swap out our entries. My wife, on the way back to our table from the bathroom, overheard the waiter making fun of us for being too picky. Who does that? How can such a person even have a job as a waiter? Hopefully, he got a job picking up trash on the side of the road and no longer works there. But we'll never know because we are never ever ever going back to Macayo's.In summary: poorly prepared food and even worse service. Save yourself a trip. If you want to know what it's like dining here, just stay home, microwave a burrito, and repeatedly smack yourself in the face with it.
5	This place I have been eating since I was a child, the Chips and Salsa are the best, the food is great, it might not be true Mexican, but it's always fresh and the service is great, I always sit in the bar area
5	My favorite place in town hands down. I've been eating it since I was little. I've gone there enough to know the service depends on the person but their chips and salsa, oh my word. I could go there and just eat those. My favorite thing to get is the tacos authenticos. I can split it with someone and I can kinda built my own tacos. To finish your meal I recommend the churros. They make the prefect ending. Their French vanilla ice cream is delicious in top.
4	The T-C-T Toasted Cheeses Torte with green chills was awesome.   We have been going to Macayo's for five decades and the salsa and T-C-T's have been a favorite for years.  The rest of menu is real Amiercannized, but the T-C-T stands alone as one of the best menu items in town.  Through the years I have never met anyone who didn't enjoy the T-C-T.  I would make the visit just for the T-C-T, if you don't your missing out big time.......
2	I really dislike Macayo's but my mom loves it and her birthday is about the only reason we step foot in this place anymore. Considering how dead it was at 6:30, I'm guessing I'm not the only one who's not a fan. It's really no surprise the Decatur location closed and with so many good eats around this one, I'm willing to bet they're hurting too.Every time I come here, the food just seems to get worse and worse. The chips are usually decent but this time around they were cold and stale. My wife ordered tortilla soup and a fajita quesadilla and I decided on the Baja chimi. If you look at the photo, you can see how greasy the soup was and her fajita was even worse...she picked up a piece and it was completely soaked. Luckily she had already filled up on stale chips and TCT so she didn't have to eat much. The Baja chimi was ok but the tortilla also tasted stale and to say the shredded beef lacks flavor is putting it lightly. If you're in the mood for Mexican food, don't waste your time with Macayo's. There are much better places in town, many of which are the same price or even cheaper! The only reason I'm giving them two stars instead of one is they made a pretty decent margarita and our waitress this time around was very friendly. The food is barely worth one star and until the next birthday, I won't be coming back!
1	This place is worse and worse. Last night I came with my family. We didn't receive chips and salsa. The table next to us that sat down after we did was on their second round of  chips and salsa. I had to literally get up and ask someone for it. When it finally did come our food pretty much came right after. :] The server never did any check backs to ask how everything was going, and obviously no checks to make sure we were receiving chips/salsa. Plates were cleared before we were done eating and without asking if the person was done. That's pleasant. We weren't asked if we wanted dessert the check was just dropped off. WHERE is the service? Are the sections that huge that the servers are incapable of providing the standard service necessary to run a restaurant? This is Las Vegas which has a billion restaurants. Applebee's has better service than this place, and consistently I might add. We only come here for the food now. I don't know what we're tipping for when it is this horrible.
1	This place is terrible. The food is awful. I ordered the steak fajitas and it was not good. Service was bad, my sister who is vegan ordered the veggie fajitas, they gave her steak.  I ordered pico de gayo to go with the chips and salsa and it never came.  My husband got some steak thing and it was smothered with nacho cheese (I'm pretty sure from the can).  One thing positive was the place was packed with rowdy kids and families so it was kid friendly.
1	We came in with a party of 12 for a birthday. The server messed up our meal which was supposed to be a shrimp dish with white cream sauce. The sauce tasted like it came straight from a can and we had to eat it after everybody else in our party was already finished with their meal.Very disappointed!We won't come back anytime soon. This restaurant was great for years, but not anymore.
3	Ok. So .... not a huge fan of macayos. It's very basic mexican food. I've had some bad ass mexican food in San diego!!!! I went to macayos today and I had to share my favorite thing is 5.95 for a huge bag of yummy hot chips and a 24 ounce (or less) full of salsa chunky or smooth. I'm having friends over tonight so I added an extra salsa (extra charge) I have a large amount of chips and salsa and that's my favorite thing about macayos. If ur craving chips and salsa this is the spot for chips to go. Bang for your buck
4	I went here with my wife, daughter, son-in-law, and three young grandchildren.This place is excellent for family dining.It was early-dinner time, we had no reservation, and they sat us right away.I heard other children in there, but there was a half wall between us and them, so it wasn't a problem.We ordered five main courses and a few side orders (guacamole, rice and beans, etc.), and they had no problem with us sharing the food. In other words, they didn't charge us for sharing. Always a plus.My son-in-law is kosher, and he enjoyed every dish for which he could eat.The kids really liked it, which is what it's all about, right?The decor was as authentic as any other Mexican restaurant that I've been to, and when my family visits again, I'm sure that we'll be going back there.Yay!
5	WOW.  excellent service and food.  our waitress was on the ball, even on a busy Saturday night.  we got more free chips/salsa without hesitation.  food was above average mexican, but good portioned.  easy to locate just off west sahara...big ol' building.  we would be back...and very much enjoyed our experience.  hubby ordered some big combo plate -- and he ate it up pretty fast.  i got a veggie quesadilla, yum!
3	Don't come Macayo's expecting great food or even good food. I have only tried their happy hour which is until 6:30 on weekdays. On the few occasions I have come it has been with regulars and the service is always impeccable. The staff is very sweet and accommodating and they seem to know all the regulars by name. The food is lacking in pretty much every ways but if you stick to the happy hour menu and keep your expectations low, you'll have a great time. Margaritas are cheap and tasty and I've always had a good time when I'm there, for what it's worth.
1	I really dislike this restaurant. The food was flavorless and we waited a really long time for our food which is weird considering it was not crowded. I've never tasted guacamole so plain and flavorless and the fajita I ordered was also less than tasty.  Will not return even if it was free.
5	I've been going to Macayo's for probably 30 years. I love it. The TCT is extra yummy. I usually get either the shredded beef burrito enchilada style or chicken fingers, both delicious. I also used to get the gringo cheeseburger which was always good as well. My husband loves the Sonoran Wings spicy.
4	We have enjoyed this restaurant for many  years. Tonight we had great service, our waitress Maria recommended the enchilada sampler and it was great. However, one of our favorite things is the chips and salsa. I noticed that the spicier sauce seemed watered down, and it had no consistency to it. I advised the bus person of this, and he agreed with me. He stated that other customers have complained as well, and that all of the salsa in the restaurant was the same way.
4	I came here while on vacation because my aunt and grandma always come here. We were sat right away and the decor reminded me of my favorite childhood Mexican restaurant.I love chips and salsa, but their salsa was not good. Neither impressed me. The chunky one tasted like Pace, the thin one tasted like enchilada sauce.We ordered the chili queso dip and it was SOOO good! I ordered pollo con Espinaca which was pretty good. Tortillas were great, beans and rice were average, the sauce was amazing, but the actual meat wasn't. The sauce would be amazing if it was on fresh grilled chicken breast, but the chicken that I had tasted like frozen precut strips like from a lean cuisine meal. It was rubbery and not great. My dad got the fajitas and said the meat was flavorful, but veggies were overlooked. I personally like soft veggies, but to each his own!I would come back and try a burrito or just come for the chili dip and drinks!
4	Very good Mexican food! My boyfriend and I stopped in last Saturday, we sat in the bar and our service was GREAT! We ordered margaritas to start, and enjoyed chips and salsa.... I ordered a cheese enchilada and a chicken taco, my food was delicious! I would definitely recommend Macayo's.... I don't think you will be disappointed!
3	Went in for happy hour. Had a couple cold dos equis. Ordered the two taco combo meal with ground beef. The beef was a little bland. I had to put salsa on to add flavor. The chips were a little stale but all in all it was a good meal not a great one. Wife had California burrito. It was huge and she had leftovers. She also mentioned it had way to much sour cream on it. But hers was also good.
2	It was okay.  Husband orered the carne asada burrito .. husband said it tasted like nacho cheese sauce was used instead of shredded cheese.  Combo meal was okay.  Got the chile rellano and a shredded beef sour cream green chile enchilada.
4	Macayo's is a chain but it is a staple of my visits to Vegas. Partly because it is about 2 blocks from my mom's house and partly because I absolutly LOVE their tortilla soup. It is super simple as it consists of broth, cheese and tortilla chips with a little bit of stewed tomatoes. No meat.I really like their chips and sauce. The chips are thin and they serve two different sauces. One is mild and slightly chunky and the other is a little hotter and smooth like a taco sauce. Both are good but I typically gravitate towards the hotter one or I combine them together.Also, can't pass up a margarita when I go with mom. If you purchase one of their margarita glasses you get a discount on the margaritas whenever you bring it back in. I bought one probably 20 years ago but never think to take it with me. Guess I should try to remember that next time I head to Vegas.Macayo's was a popular "after football game" hangout for high school students back in the 70s so it is always a little nostalgic for me to go there. Unfortunately, back then, I only ate burgers :(
4	This place is so good. It's not authentic, who cares!! Just shut up and eat the great food! Order a TCT and make love to it with your taste buds. It's greasy and cheesey,  dip it in the smooth sauce like a boss and enjoy.
3	I been to here a few times when visiting family ...I recently moved out here and been craving some Mexican food...I came by a few days ago and ordered..... My order came out as I expected...... 2 crispy beef tacos rice and beans yummy.....my wife order on the other hand was not that good.....she ordered a carne asada burrito.....first of all our server was nice my wife asked what came in the burrito....server said carne asada cheese & pico de gallo ...... Her burrito arrives and there lettuce in the burrito.....BTW who servers a burrito without rice n beans in it......it tasted like a wrapped cheeseburger.... Even the kids chicken taquitos were not that great.... Prices are a bit to high but depending on what you order food not that great....
4	Never had bad service here. Never had a bad meal here. Baja burritos are the sh*t. Carne asada and carnitas are always cooked to order here.
5	I am thankful to know that there are still two Macayo's left in Las Vegas. What a disppointment that the East Tropicana locale has  closed with very little info. The TCT's are amazing and a tradition for those growing up in Las Vegas. I hope folks will patronize the remaining restaurants so all can continue to enjoy this wonderful and familiar favorite.
2	We went for a friend's birthday as this was what she was craving. There were two babies in the group, which is fine because this is seemingly a family restaurant. I needed to change my son, but they don't have a family restroom or a changing table in the bathroom. I thought that couldn't be right, but after asking an employee this was confirmed. I ended up having to take my son out to my car on a cold night to change him. None of the employees seemed to care.After this wonderful start to the dinner, things didn't get much better. Our chips didn't get refilled, neither did our drinks. The food was OK, at best. Our server was friendly, but it wasn't enough to salvage the night. This place used to to be nice, but no more.
3	Oh I want to rate this one higher than I think it deserves so badly!  Having been in Las Vegas since I was a wee little one, Macayo's was a household name.  We used to get their chips and salsa as a special treat and bring the chips home in s poet bag and the smooth salsa in a styrofoam coffee cup!I still enjoy to this day their chips and salsa. The TCT is always a great appetizer as well. However, I'm saddened to say that overall, their food sucks.  I have tried a large portion of things on the menu at one time or another and 90% of it is nothing special at all.  This is a terrible reality for me as I want to say it's great.  After being served what looked like a bowl of vomit today aka Chicken Chiliorio, I had to write the review.  This sounded so tasty on the menu but comes out so awful looking and tasting I had to end lunch without eating it.  Fortunately, the great service which is typical of Macayo's staff took it off the check.  Good things:  chips and salsa & TCTMediocre at best:  everything else I have tried. I wish I could find a better place that hit the spot on both the chips and salsa and the main course. Those are hard to find a good balance of.  Three stars if you're selective on what you eat
