5	Found this place at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort (I live in town). These ladies do it all, they have a full salon and do a great job, offer nail services and waxing services (Bonnie was very friendly and professional). They also offer every kind of massage there is - I'll be back for sure! I was a walk-in and they took care of me with little delay but I think I will make an appointment next time as I can see this place being busy.
5	the staff was so friendly and welcoming and the massage therapist really helped with the knots I've been having in my back!  She was so helpful and the massage was extrmely relaxing that I practically fell asleep.  Graat spa, will be back!
5	I live in a near by community and I have been going to this spa for many years.  The staff is absolutely the best from the desk personnel (Michelle and Ali) to the spa technicians (Courtney, Patsy and Bella).  I would highly recommend this to anyone who wishes to be treated to a special experience.
4	My husband and I recently stayed at The Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs for a business conference. while there, I enjoyed a pedicure and massage at the spa. I found it to be very clean and the people were very friendly. My pedicure took over an hour- which I wasn't expecting. Overall, it was a nice experience and I will definitely go back if I am ever in the Phoenix area again.
5	Had a massage and it was fabulous.  I asked for deep tissue, and it definitely was.  David, the masseur, did a great job!  I've also had eyebrow wax and haircuts and everything has been great.  They have a membership for AZ residents too!
1	I have never been there, but the way that I have been treated, I would give "zero stars" if I could.I received a $120.00 gift certicate to this spa, last year.  My kids bought it for me, for Mother's Day, as it was the first Mother's Day without my own mom.  My mom had passed away a few months before, along with my sister, the week before that.  2 losses, in a very short time. And with my father in hospice care, and dying.So needless, to say..I forgot about the gift certificate.  And now Tocaloma will not honor it.I have called, and spoke to Karen, and Karen said the manager said: "No, they would not honor it" (even though my kids paid cash for this), and so I left a message for Kelly (the manager), trying to explain the situation, in detail.  No call back from Kelly.  Very disappointing!!!   I hope you all don't suffer the losses that I did in one year (3 family members), and have an organization treat you so poorly.  Shame on you.  adding on:  I posted on Facebook, under the Pointe Hilton Tapatio page..they said that my post would go to management, and even gave me an email address; to write --and guess what?  NO RESPONSE!!!
