5	Great place to find anything and everything for birds.  They even clip wings, and claws.  Bird sitting is available too!
1	The owner is the rudest person I have ever met in my life.  Not only will I not shop here, but I definitely will be telling EVERYONE I know how obnoxious and rude this woman is.  I would suggest finding ANY other shop!!!  I would never even think of leaving my own babies with such a fowl person!
1	It's a small but clean store with just a few hard goods and some nice young birds. However, the owner was rude and condescending to me. I'm not sure why, since we didn't even begin to get into a conversation - she just started talking to me like I had never seen a bird in my life.  I happen to have substantial experience, and own a number of macaws and others in a private aviary. Perhaps she judged me based on looks, since I am not an older woman. Either way, I would not feel comfortable going back and feel she doesn't deserve any of my business.
1	New bird owners - stay away! Brigette will exaggerate if not lie about raising birds just to make a sale. We looked at buying a couple of birds and she told us they were easier to care for than cats and dogs. Ha! She took a deposit, but when we had to go out of town for a few weeks. The birds were on consignment. We said we could not take the birds apologetically, but she was rude and said no refunds. We stated that we could not give them a good home. My wife and I both travel extensively, and we did more research and learned that actually required more care than cats and dogs as she told us. She is rude. Honestly, I'm surprised they are still open. $500.00 gone.
5	I bought a female eclecuts parrot from her and she is really energetic and sweet. I would love to get an African gray or a male eclecuts bird. Bridgett is really knowledgeable about birds. Bridgett also has all kinds of toys and food. You can also get cages too. Her birds are healthy and beautiful. She has all kinds of birds from small to extra large. I'm glad I got my bird from Bridgett. :) :)
1	Bridget, is an Indian giver! She gave me a greenling Mccaw named Lucy , 13 months ago. She couldn't sell Lucy because she was biting people. Do I worked thousands if hours training her. Then Bridget, said I was only a foster not the owner. Shame on Southwest Avairy. That was not right nor in the best interests of the animal. This place should be shut down they are a total fraud. The owner is a scumbag he works for Boyd Gaming corporate office Eric Bowers.  He hides behind the mgr. Bridget. This business is all about the God Almighty Dollar.
