5	Express is everywhere, but this location in Town Square is amazing for both girls and guys.  I can always find EVERYTHING, and in my size.  Plus the staff is wonderful - they always find new items for me to spend my money on.  Finally, the location itself is great - Town Square is my favorite shopping/dining spot in Las Vegas for locals.
5	Holy Bejeesus they were having a HUGE sale yesterday.John did a great job setting me up with a fitting room and checked up occasionally to ask about fitting and if there are any other colors i was interested in.Then he disappeared for a bit. Turns out he was helping my buddy with a shirt. This Express store didn't carry the size he was interested in so John called up a few other locations, tracked down the size and color at the Fashion Show Mall location and had them hold it till we got there. Props to you John
2	Seriously... never. again.If there's anything I've learned in life, it's to think before I speak.  Shouldn't there be some sort of video entitled "How not to put your foot in your mouth" or "How to be tactful" that every employee must watch before they start in the retail industry?  Will preface this by saying I swear I'm not one of those gals who wears things two sizes too small and thinks it looks too big, lol.  You'll never catch me rocking something that I needed spanx and a day of starvation to fit in.  I wanted to try on a dress but they didn't have my size.  Took the only size they had (small) to the dressing room and asked the employee if they had it in a medium.  She replied, "why, they didn't have a size large on the rack?"  I envisioned choking her with the size small dress and instead replied that I was sure I was a medium.  But seriously, come on lady.  You're no fool.  You're a woman.  And you understand that women are sensitive about their bodies and weight, no matter what they look like.  Was the comment really necessary?  How about a "I'll check for you" or "we only have whatever's left on the rack"??  All's well that end's well.  The size medium fit GREAT and I looked pretty good in it :)  But I'll save myself the hit on my self esteem and stay away from this place until I'm a size small... The end.
