5	I figure since I go here almost daily during the work week, I should probably give it a review. And, you have to figure since I go here pretty much daily during the work week that I really don't have any major complaints. I've been really trying to make a conscience effort to be healthier, and I know that I've been cramming my face with some not so healthy, but delicious options during my weekends, I still try to stick to a grilled chicken sandwich with no mayo for lunch. Now, I've had grilled chicken sandwiches before and none of them really tickled my taste buds. The first time I drove up to the drive thru during my lunch hour, I told the lady on the speaker (which is horrible by the way.. more on that in a sec.) that I needed a few minutes. I pondered over the ever delicious Bo Berry Biscuits, and the seemingly bland option of the grilled chicken sandwich. Well, I've been doing Insanity, and I could hear Shaun T yelling at me from my computer at home, and that's a bit of distance to hear a big muscle man yelling at you! So I opted for the grilled chicken instead with a pouty face as I drove back to work. I get back here and open up my sandwich and take that first bite... WOW!! YUM! This is the best grilled chicken sandwich I've ever had, and it's right around my calorie mark for a meal for Insanity. Perfect! The speaker system sounds very echoish, and it's hard to hear them sometimes, but if that's my only complaint, then I'm good to go.
4	HATE TO ADMIT IT, but I'm addicted to Bojangles fried chicken.  This is a relatively new location.  Drive through FAST.  Doesn't seem to be very busy.  A bit tough to get in and out of off Wilkinson Boulevard.  Staff has always been nice.  Food hot & fresh.  Clean store.  It's Bojangles.
2	Sunday Morning of Memorial Weekend - - on the way to the airport for my trip back home I drove by and found Bojangles on the opposite side of the road.  I had these guys on my Yelp Radar due to the respectable reviews.  As soon as I saw there was no line (YAY!) I did a U-turn to stop in and grab something for the flight home.  I wanted to get some variety so I could just eat it later if need be. So the story goes - - - Chicken & Biscuit - was pretty good, probably one of the Top 2 things I ordered here.  The biscuit kinda fell apart, the chicken was pretty good, not really crispy good as described in other reviews, but respectable.  I would get this again. - Potato Rounds - this was the other Top 2 item probably because it was piping hot and fresh.  Very crispy, tasted great, I'm just glad there was only 5-6 because I could easy over-consume these.  Now it starts the decline from 4-4.5 stars to the 2 star experience: - Egg and Bacon Biscuit - not that great, didn't seem as fresh, the bacon was....meh.  - Coffee - that came with my meal was lukewarm, and I asked for cream and didn't get jack squat. - Ham n Cheese Biscuits - they were advertising a sale on these, don't recall the price, but I got extra for later but took a quick bite to check out the quality - - yuck.  These looks like they were sitting on the warmer ten minutes too long.  The ham was solid like cardboard, the cheese.....?  Let's not go there - - these were horrid and should not have been served.  If I wasn't on my way out I would have gone back to return them and get a refund - - yeah, that bad, Bo....that bad.  The customer service was sort of friendly, more business-like and she tried to get me out of there so there was a sense of urgency.  I could tell she was held up by something cooking - either the Chicken or the Rounds.  I was kind of in a rush so that could have caused her to forget the cream for my coffee.  Had the rest of the sandwiches been as quality good as the Chicken and Biscuit, it would have been a stellar experience for this chain.   Unfortunately in this case, Bo doesn't know consistency.
1	By far the shittiest bojangles I have ever been to. I dont believe anyone in there knew what they were doing. It took 15 minutes the make two Cajun fillet biscuits and the chicken was extremely raw. I would only recommend this place to someone who is trying to catch salmonella.
