4	This is a great little lunch spot. Neatly tucked away among galleries and shops in Old Town Scottsdale, this gem was bustling at lunch time today when I went. Despite the crowd, I ordered and received my lunch promptly, and didn't even have to struggle to find a table. They even had large round tables for groups. When I walked in from the outdoors, it felt a bit hot inside, but after sitting and consuming lunch, the temperature was just right--not totally freezing like most air conditioned restaurants this time of year. The food was good-- I had a half sandwich and a side of fruit salad. Each sandwich comes standard with "the works"-- which is lettuce, tomato, cucumber, red onion, mayo, mustard and even, get this, alfalfa sprouts! My half sandwich was only $3.45 and the fruit salad was $2.00, well worth it given the generous portion and delectable fruit. They even had mangoes in there! Not your typical pineapple and strawberry mush. The other sides looked great, too, like parmesan pasta salad and the like. They have hot sandwiches, too, if that's to your liking. Nice simple little place with plenty of afternoon attractions in the area.
1	I was walking in Old Town, waiting for my hair appointment later in the afternoon. I was looking for the Mandala Tea Room but found the Picnic Company first. There were about 10 police motorcycles out front and I figured they knew what was up food wise in the area. I felt rushed from the second I walked in the door. The employees looked like they were in a hurry and I felt pressured to order fast. I quickly glanced at the menu, not wanting to get a sandwich, I decided on the Sedona Salad for $6.50. The salad was slapped down on the pick-up counter, and when I got up there, it was the most unappealing, thrown together mess I've ever seen at any establishment that calls itself a restaurant. First, it was extremely small. Second, the spinach, feta, nuts, and red onions were all just thrown on there as though it went through some fast food assembly line.The vinaigrette tasted bottled. I could have made a more presentable salad that tasted better with produce from Fry's, that cost me less than a dollar. Who knows how their sandwiches are. I'm sure they're decent considering all the cops in there. I won't be back to find out. I was so hungry after eating this sorry excuse for a salad, I walked over to the Mandala Tea Room and ate another meal. ugh.
4	I picked up Picnic Company today to-go.  I have been a handful of times to this location, and I'm always pleased.  The staff is friendly and the food is quality! Prices are reasonable also... you can order a full lunch for under $10!Order the almond chicken salad or make your own sandwich up (like Jared does)... you can't go wrong!  The honey mustard dressing is really good and so are the homemade croutons that come in most of the salads.  Their side items are always fresh and yummy - I like that they offer fresh fruit.  Their raspberry iced tea is refreshing too.  Big serving sizes are another picnic company plus.  I have never ordered their food to go and taken it on a picnic (as the name suggests) but now that we live so close to this location, I'm hoping we'll do that sometime soon!  Until then, I have no problem dining in or taking out from this casual eatery in my new hood!
3	Yum! This is a super-quick place to pick up a salad or sandwich.  I'd had a pretty big breakfast, so I wanted something on the light side.  The caprese salad, served along with a little cup of pesto, was perfect. Clean, fast, and to the point. That's pretty much what I want from a lunch spot.  They have a functional little seating area too -- nothing fancy, but it seemed pleasant enough. I'd be glad to return and sample a chicken or potato salad, or maybe another salad with their home made croutons.
4	The Picnic Company offers a variety of "Unique Sandwiches"  to choose from with great balance.  I really like the California Picnic, (BLT inspired) the sourdough bread is toasted and the traditional BLT set up is complimented with an avocado spread with melted cheese.
2	I'm not sure what's going on with you, Picnic Company, but I popped in to visit you today for lunch with Colleen and Amanda... I wanted to show you off to my out-of-town friends.  But unfortunately, you let me down!You had no fruit salad and you were out of ham.  Not only that, but I noticed your menu said no yogurt either... and the topper?  No bottled water - ok, I can deal with that.  But if you're out of bottled water and I request a large cup for water, do not charge me 50 cents for the cup.  Really?I hope I just hit you up on a bad day... I miss the Picnic Company I know and love!
3	I think this establishment is riding the center line, meaning, middle of the road.  The atmosphere is not fussy, but not necessarily appealing, the food is good quality, but nothing that I could not make at home (if I were so inclined), the prices are fair, could be better, could be worse, and the service was also fair: efficient, but not friendly.  If this company were aiming for average, then it has achieved it.  But if I were a business owner, I would want to be known for, be special for..........SOMETHING!I have to admit, I think the idea of buying a picnic lunch that comes with a picnic basket (for a rental fee) is a cool idea, but will I even remember this place after I leave when the rest of my experience was so very average?
4	A vastly superior alternative to the same-old Subway-style sandwich shops...I hate them, and their long lines!  They have a great soup, half sandwich, and salad menu choice that is not to be missed.  All three were excellent!  And, the decor does not feel like a chain restaurant.  You won't be disappointed!
