5	It's nice to have a bigger gas station.
3	The gas is cheaper here than the Love's a mile away which is weird since truck stops almost always have the better price.  Thanks for the less expensive gas, but your bathroom is gross.  The toilet paper literally is more rough than sandpaper.  I'll pay more next time for gas just to avoid your restroom.
4	The station is clean, very busy.  We were just driving through the town and stopped here to fill up.  So not sure what customer service is like.
3	Stopped in here for a pitstop before hitting Phoenix. Bathroom's weren't the best. They were friendly though. I came thru the door and they were quite cheery! Think it was from all the traffic they were getting from the redirecting of the freeway traffic.
4	***This gas station and convenience store is right off the freeway; their gas is a little cheaper than a lot of the California gas stations that are in more isolated areas just off the freeway (like off the 5 freeway from Los Angeles to San Francisco); Circle K is a big gas station and it is easy getting in and out of***This gas station features several free parking spaces if you are just looking to grab something in Circle K's convenience store; Circle K is kind of known in certain areas to be like am/pm or 7-Eleven so it might be worth checking out.
3	I believe this Circle K is the busiest in all of AZ.  God forbid you happen to need gas at a peak time, because you will probably have to wait AND fight your way to a pump.  I say come here at your own risk of irritation.....The parking absolutely SUCKS!!! Patrons here are soooooo fricking rude when it comes to finding or waiting for a space. I absolutely disagree with someones post about plenty of free parking - HAH! Not even close.  I almost hate having to come here sometimes.Yes it is convenient, but not when you have to wait in a line that circles around the fountain drink area!The staff is nice though, haven't changed much since I have moved to that area.  There are a couple that are slightly strange (and Im using the word slightly very lightly lol)It is a Circle K and is a little better than most.  Clean store.  Huge fountain drink area as well.  Not sure about the bathrooms though.
3	The customer service is excellent. The snack selection is pretty good. I like the soda fountain. The prices, including the ones for the gas, aren't terrible.
2	This place is always  busy.  Some kind of gang graffiti scratched on the view window of almost every pump.  The Fry's vip card does not work at the pump.  At least mine doesn't.  Generally the store is clean.  Sometimes they are staffed, but usually you have to stand in some unorthodox type of line.  Gas prices are usually a little higher here than at Fry's a mile down the road
3	I stopped here on a road trip from Phoenix to San Diego.  This place was hoppin'.  It had what I needed though which was gasoline and a clean restroom.  I don't think I'll ever stop here again if I can avoid it since it was so busy.
3	This location is very clean, service was good.
