4	I have to admit...for some reason I really like Chili's. Out of all the similar American chain restaurants, Chili's is my fave.I was tempted by all the bad choices on the menu, but somehow I was able to be good and ordered the Guiltless Chicken Sandwich. It was surprisingly decent, but I'm sure no comparison to say, those buffalo chicken sliders with fries and onion strings. No that I would know. My sandwich came with some pretty good black beans that tasted barbeque-y and broccoli that was seriously good. I wonder what they put on it... probably FAT. Just kidding. Sorta.Anyhoo, it was pretty busy at lunchtime so we sat at the bar and the poor waiter dude looked kinda overwhelmed so service was a little lacking. But other than that, just your typical Chili's.
3	I love Chili's, and go there fairly often.  My favorite food is their burgers -- especially their BBQ burger (with onion ring).  If you are on a diet, don't plan on saving calories here.  Even with their low-fat menu, you are still going to have to eat some big portions.  My .02 cents, go to Chili's and enjoy yourself.  Go back on the diet the next day.  This restaurant has fair service, quick seating, ample room for large parties, and generally is not too busy.  It is a good place to go for good food that doesn't break the bank.
3	It's an old stand by. They do have a pretty good burger. Not too crazy about their appetizers especially the queso with beef. Where was the beef? Service is usually good. Prices are moderate. Overall nothing to rave about, but nothing really wrong with it.
4	4 Stars for CHILI'S as compared with comparable restaurants and other Chili's.I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants, but this location is close to home and has late-night hours.  Went with the family recently.  We were seated quickly and had a helpful, friendly and attentive waiter.  Drinks came out quickly and  he kept glasses full for the entire visit.  EMPHASIS on the excellent service!The foods ordered were prepared as requested.  Everything was fresh and at the correct temperature.  One of my daughters orders a "special" salad that has been off the menu for years.  Her request is always accommodated, and this visit was no different.  I'm not knocking points off for high fat or salty food.  Yes, much of what they offer is that, but you know that going in.  There are other options which may be ordered that aren't high salt or high fat, so it's possible to eat here regardless of diet.
3	It does the job.... not great not bad
4	This was my first time at this location, but I was impressed, The staff were friendly and helpful, and even moved tables around to accomodate our large group. They were also very good at keeping waters refilled, chip baskets topped off, and food arriving hot and fresh. Even the numerous unusual requests and separate checks barely phased them. They must come from the planet of Krypton or something.
1	Recently made a visit to this particular Chili's to take advantage of the $20 meal for 2 deal. Even though you getting a good deal on the food the restaurant raises prices on other items in order to break even. For example a small drink in the bar was $8!! The food items on the $20 meal deal are sub standard at best. I had the baby back ribs (totally dried out) and the wife had chicken crispers (very greasy and no taste at all). The corn on the cob with the chicken dinner was ICE COLD and had to have it sent back to the kitchen to be replaced. One more side note, on the way to the restroom, walked past the kitchen, and the kitchen looked like a someone lost in a food fight as there were food scraps littered on the floor throughout the kitchen area. I always had good experiences at Chili's over the past 20 years. The experience I had with the most recent visit it will be a very long time before I step foot into another Chili's establishment.
4	2 for 20 deal is great. The wife and I visited this locale last Friday evening and had a wonderful meal. If you sign up with chilli's email club you get an instant coupon for some free queso....chips and salsa....it is a really good deal. So naturally I signed up for the deal and then we were off to chilli's for some dinner. Along with the Queso...which my wife had...I ordered the fried cheese for our other appetizer. I had the Crispy honey chipotle Chicken Crispers with Fries and Corn on the Cob....while my wife had the Chicken Quesadillas with fresh tortillas. All this only cost 21.86...I mean that is a great deal for a nice dinner for 2 people....so get on over to chilli's and Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	Ordered the Honey-Chipotle Chicken Crispers. They were OK, but practically swimming in the sauce, which was overly sweet. And my draft Sierra Nevada did not taste right for some reason. Other than that, service was fast and friendly.
4	Chili's has been a go too for me for years.  Have frequented this location may times over the years, probably 5-7 times a year, as well as other locations.  Has always been consistently good food, great atmosphere and acceptable price.  I was sad when they removed the Cajan chicken sandwich from the menu :( but have no complaints.  Highly reccomend this, and every other Chili's in the valley.
5	We were in town from California and this Chilis was near our hotel. It was late and we wanted to grab a drink. The Bartender was super friendly, she had several customers but she made us feel as if we were the only ones.  If I remember right, her name was Bree. We will definitely return next time we are in town.
5	I frequent this Chili's location a lot to meet my mother or grandmother for lunch. We are always greeted and seated right away. My grandmother uses a walker and we always get friendly assistance from staff opening doors when we enter and leave the restaurant. Also, staff always moves the walker to a different location, out of the servers and patrons way, and they always bring it back without ever having to ask or wait a few minutes.Food and drinks are always delivered and refilled quickly. I rarely ever stray from my lunch order of the Chicken Caesar salad, but the honey lime dressing on the side instead of the Caesar dressing, and I always add avocado. The salad and avocado is always fresh and my order has never been screwed up despite how picky it might come off, yummy! The bottomless chips and salsa are so dangerous, but oh so delicious!
1	WTF happened to Chili's? I used to frequent the one on Mill Ave for lunch because they were fast and the food was usually pretty decent. Don't get me wrong, I'm not talking gourmet or healthy, but it at least tasted decent. We went to this location for dinner the other night and it was absolutely horrible. The service was incredibly slow, we ordered and it took over an hour  and a game of chase with our waitress to finally get our food. We complained to her about the wait and she offered no apology. When we finally did get our food it was cold.. Not luke warm, but cold. In addition to that, the famous Southwestern Eggrolls were a soggy mess. I rarely complain to a manager but this situation warranted a big complaint. The manager was nice and gave us 20% off the bill and a free gross dessert to go. We ended up pitching it in the trash, it was completely inedible. Chili's you have officially made the Blacklist.
5	I recently dined here at the Paradise Valley Chili's location and was so pleasantly surprised by my entire dining experience! It looked to me like there was a new updated look to the entire restaurant.  (I had been there last year) My husband and I stayed for over an hour and the flavorful food came out to us hot and quickly!  I think our server's name was Melissa. Cute smile and very friendly! We will definitely make this our regular stop now, especially after shopping at the mall. Not just because of the food and decor and service, but it was extremely clean, and that's important to me. Thanks Chili's. See you soon!
5	The service here is always personal and the food comes out quickly. I have been dining at this location for almost a decade but the new look is amazing. I'll be at the all day Sunday Happy Hour in the lounge regularly for sure! ;)
3	Typically I visit this location on a regular basis. But nothing beats the service and food at 7th st Bell. In regards to the PV mall location..lately have had some issues with quality of food and atmosphere. Food quality has slipped slightly..getting luke warm food. Corn on the cob has recently been served cold..ordered the Southern Bbq burger and the onion strings were cold and the bun warm and hard. my girlfriend had the potato skins which were somewhat hard and burnt..one which was not eatable. Also..we were sat in a section later in the night and had to listen to all the off the clock employees gabbing and carrying on. Oh well...can't win em all. Will still go here.
4	Umm this is chili's so I'm not sure that there's much to say that people woudn't already know. They are all the same, and the employee turnover is probably fast enough to make specific reviews meaningless. However, I will say the reason that I'm giving this one bonus stars is cause they let my puppy in! It may have had something to do with it being an odd time of day, and pretty empty, but I asked the manager if they could accommodate a dog, and they said yes as long as we sat at a corner table. Any place that lets my dog in is good in my book
1	Yes, this is a Chili's but if this is the corporate standard, I don't even need to think twice about going to another one.  The 2 for $20 menu offers no deal unless you want more deep fried food.  I had the ribs and they were dried bones with little flavor.  Server recommended the dry rub and then brought out the wrong ones.  (Actually the wrong ones looked better than the ones I ended up with.)  My companion ate his entire meal while I was waiting for my dinner to be rectified.  Overall a bad dining experience.And if someone else is giving it 4*s because they let her bring the puppy into the restaurant, I'm really going to avoid this place.
2	The same people who say they've never been to a Chilis are probably the same people who've never seen Star Wars. Freaky group.  So since we all know what to expect it seems the food has gone downhill lately.  It was never The French Laundry to begin with but always reliable, affordable goods.  Now the food is not as fresh and pricier. I know Americans can rival the dinosaurs in body mass but they cut the portion size!  They can at least give those with no regard for cardiac consequences the choice of smaller portions.  I know change can be good but Chilis changed why I went there.
3	Haven't been here for awhile.  Had the classic sirloin 6 oz with sauteed mushrooms and 3 Spicy Garlic & Lime Grilled Shrimp. When my order came, it was missing the shrimp.  The steak was cooked okay, but it really looked like a 4 oz. I substituted the vegetables with a sorta fruit cocktail. It had mostly tasty tangerines and one other fruit, maybe mango. When my shrimp came, it was the size of three quarters and not worth the extra $3.My wife and daughter shared the Tostada Chips and Queso followed with the Triple Dipper of Southwestern egg rolls, loaded potato skins and Big Mouth Bites. Those weren't bad at all.Good place for burgers and appetizers.
3	Food was good. Service could be a tad better.
1	WOW!! What a Horrible experience!!!I have been eating at this Chilies for about 20 years now! I've always had a good to pretty good experience, but this time it was just Horrifying!!! The food came out tasting awful! We are Done giving Chili's a chance! We will NOT be back!!!
4	Although it's been a while since I've last eaten here, I have always enjoyed this brand.  Tonight was no exception.  I got the 6oz sirlion and it was very tender and tasty.  My wifes salad wasn't quite as good but the Mac-n-cheese made up for that as did her soup.  Hopefully it won't be years before we go back.
3	Chili's is one of the restaurants that I will eat at that is a chain restaurant.  The reason why is because every time I eat here I know that food will be good.  We came here with my nephews and my niece a couple of weeks ago.  The service was awesome; they kept being soda for the kids and our food come out really quick.  We got a couple of the 2 for $20.00 deals.  The cheeseburger was better then I thought and the Mac & Cheese was good too.
1	Awful. Food tasted like a frozen microwave meal. Way too expensive for what it was.  Halfway through our meal, people sitting across from us walked out after finding mold throughout their salad. Their quote to manager after she offered to comp meal was, "You couldn't pay me to eat here." My thought now...you couldn't pay me to ever eat there again! Goodbye Chili's!
1	Went there last night first food was burned after waiting 40 minutes and then after sending it back it was raw. Service was a joke use to go to this location a lot but not going to go back there again!
1	Went in for an early dinner, sat in the bar area at a table. My server was good but the one sitting at a nearby table in uniform drinking a beer was extremely loud and disrespectful to the guests around her. I can tell you she is having some friends over with a baby this week if anyone wants to go.. The food came out in a timely manner and was fair to good. My NY Strip looked more like a flat steak but was seasoned well. The timing between the pre dinner salad and dinner was a lil short so in order to eat my meat while hot I had to cut my salad short.I have decided not to return for a while and see if they can get some better management. Seeing a staff member in uniform consuming alcohol is not indicative of a family environment nor is it something I wish to have my kids see and think it's ok while grooming their social and personal skills.
5	Not much to really write. They are consistent. My kids love eating there. I love the chicken crispers. The waitress there remembers us and our orders, which is funny considering most waiters at restaurants can't even get an order right. I love the self check out on the tables, so i never have to ask for the check. Glad that technology is coming to phx finally. They also have games to keep the kids busy. Never have had bad service. Sorry but there isn't anything bad to write about this place.
1	We arrived early for lunch but still had to wait a good half hour before our lunch for two arrived.  And it was horrible.  My food look like it had been thrown on the plate. Slopped up the side and dried on the plate.   I ordered a toco and an enchilada.  Both were well below average especially in this city.  The other plate was a sandwich with avocado - it had one tiny sliver of avocado  This place has really hit the dumps.  Never again.
5	Yummmy! Love how they add new items to menu often.  Food is always great. Service is fast and friendly!
1	Let me start by saying my intention anytime I go out to eat is not write bad mean reviews. I try to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.  That being said. This was horrible all around. It wasn't like food was great and service bad. Both were equally terrible. First my family walks in. The restaurant wasn't packed but not dead either. Four employees see us but don't come up to greet us, so we wait and wait and wait. 10 minutes go by nothing. I finally say to my husband "let's just go" as the hostess finally comes up. I'm nice so I do not say anything. We ask for a high chair. The hostess looks like we ask for something she couldn't do. So I ask instead for a booster seat. That she can get for our son.  Finally we get to our table. Our waitress comes up. Super unfriendly. I can tell she wants us gone even before we order. We order our sons meal and an appetizer. The app was burnt. I ask her opinion btw 2 dishes. She doesn't have one. Ok fine I order my meal big mistake my tortillas taste like rubber. My husband says the same about his meal. I know you get what you pay for but come on Chilis. I'm not asking for a lot. Friendly decent service and hot food.
2	Chili's is Chili's...I don't expect toooooooo much. I've been to this location many times because it's close to home.However, this last visit cost me over $80 for 3 people, and was somehow STILL so bad that I may not go back.We sat at a high top in the bar. It was pretty busy and we waited a long time for a server. We couldn't even touch the table bc it was still dirty so we grabbed a smelly rag from the table next to us and wiped the stuff off the table.When the server came, she was ok. I'm a good tipper, so I ended up tipping her 20% which was like, $13 and some change. However, she was very busy and seemed like she had too many tables. She was one step behind all night. We had already paid our bill using the table machine and about 5-10 minutes later she asked if we needed anything else. We said no. She informed us that she could either bring us a bill or we could use the machine. Yep...did that a while ago. Thanks.  :) My boyfriend and I split a ribeye steak meal and a rib meal. Each of these was around $17 I believe. TOTALLY NOT WORTH IT. I have never gotten anything besides "fast food" type foods at Chili's. And I never will again. For that amount I could eat a delicious juicy steak, cooked properly and with fresh sides at somewhere like Outback.The steak was ordered medium and came out well done. Absolutely NO pink in the middle...none. The sides were bad...dry yellow broccoli, first garlic bread I've ever had that I didn't care to eat, cinnamon apples were squishy and way too sweet & goopy, old brown lime in my beer...Worst part was after spending so much money and eating mediocre food, we both got sick. Yep...for $83, we got bad food AND diarrhea. Thanks Chili's!
2	This review is for the nachos. Wow they are salty and terrible.  The poor cook painstakingly put meat, tomatoes and cheese on individual chips and put them under the broiler. Their hard work was wasted as I just wanted chips with toppings piled on with cheese all over the place.  Plus it was incredibly salty.
