4	You'll find a diverse array of people dining here. This Merry Ann's isn't nearly as pretty as its newer sister location, but the food is the same. Sometimes you'll see students studying here.It's a 24 hour place, and there's one of those "use the claw to grab a stuffed animal" machines in the back if you're interested.
4	The Merry-Ann's at Neil and Kirby is a standby.  I use to live near there and my neighbor and I would go there every Sunday morning.  The regular waitress was awesome and knew what we wanted.  It is the typical greasy spoon and I love it for that.  Got the t-shirt.  I've moved and have yet to find that certain place that gives me the warm fuzzy feeling that a omelette or diner's stack from Merry-Ann's can provide.  Forget your calorie-counting conscience at the door.I think the one downtown is okay, but because I heart the original so much, the dt one will never compare.
5	The Original Merry Ann's...look no further for your search for the proverbial greasy spoon.  What is it about this diner down by the train tracks?  Is it scarfing down cheese fries on blindingly bright orange decor at 3 in the morning after a night out?  How about when you feel the train shaking the whole place when it passes by a few feet away?  Maybe it's the "diner stack" (a blob of eggs, biscuit, sausage, on a bed of hashed browns, then drowned with gravy).  Or its hangover cousin that adds hamburger to the mess?It's a rarity to find a place like Merry Ann's in Chambana nowadays - best to enjoy it while your stomach can handle it!
5	The Billy Goat's of Champaign.  'Nuff said, but in case it's not...Definitely the place I go to after a night of debauchery for that heart-clogging, turn-everything-it-touches-transparent-from-the-grease, orgasm-in-your-mouth goodness.  I mean, they have a "hangover burger" for f*ck's sake!I love breakfast food.  I would eat breakfast food every meal of the day if I didn't mind putting on 20 pounds (trying to go in the opposite direction, actually: new years resolution, you see =\).  Merry-Ann's has AMAZING breakfast food.  Ergo, I love Merry-Ann's!  Everytime I go, I make sure to get The Dinner Stack (everything you could want for breakfast dumped together and then smothered in sausage gravy), or their Super Burger (sometimes with a side of cheese fries even though I know the burger itself fills me up... what can I say?  Thirsty impairs my judgement).Breakfast isn't all that Merry-Ann's does well; they have all the typical diner food (juicy burgers, grilled sandwiches, cheese fries, milk shakes, etc.) - but better.Open 24 hours a day with almost most things on the menu only around $5, you'll be able to get that extra drink or two at the bars/club.
4	The stack after 1am is the only thing I ever really came here for.  But it sticks out in my memory.  Ah the goodness.  I also went to the other newer location in downtown Champaign.  But its almost too new and clean to enjoy properly.  This place is dingy and small, but it gives it character.  At either rate, if you in town and awake late at night stop by and order the stack.  You'll be amazed you ate it.  And more amazed you loved it.
2	This was the first diner that I've been to but I was not impressed at all. The food was just okay, nothing to rave about. You can find your regular grease-laden favorites here. As far as specialties go, I'd say, the diner stack? If you're looking for a fast track to a heart attack after a game at the Assembly Hall, look no further.
5	(Note: Rating only applicable from 2am-6am)Stack.  Sausage.  Over-easy.  Biscuit.There have been nights where I go into Merry Ann's and that's all I'd say.  And I'd be a happy man.  Despite being off-campus, this is still the numero uno place to go when you've got that drunken hunger.  The late night staff is great too as long as you're not overly drunk or loud; my friends and I have come in enough that they recognize us, even though some of us have been alumni for a few years now.As noted above, the stack is their signature item (hash browns, meat, cheese, egg, and gravy), which I recommend with sausage (hamburger is too plain) and a biscuit.  An acceptable alternative is the horseshoe burger (toast, cheese fries, burger).(Second note: Make sure you go to this location and not the one in downtown Champaign.  The downtown one is too brightly lit, takes longer to get your food since it holds more people, and doesn't have the same staff or service)
1	I first went to Merry Ann's the night I craved The Home Stretch Haystack. Merry Ann's version paled in comparison. I gave them another shot a few weeks later, this time for lunch.  I ordered a blue plate special, country fried steak, mashed potatoes and gravy, and peas. The country fried steak patty was chopped formed, deep fried, and covered with a gravy dry mix, which also covered the potatoes. The peas were from a can. Haven't eaten there since.
3	I was excited when I walked in, because it reminded me of a Waffle House.  I know Waffle House is generally pretty disgusting, but I love it.  Then I looked at the Merry Ann's menu and . . . no waffles!  WTF?
3	Good food, good pancakes, SUPER FAST service.  I was very impressed with that.  Standard diner fare, my hubby liked the biscuits and gravy and didn't complain about being brought to a diner (he's a snob usually).So overall, a great cheap place to go.
3	Good old-fashioned American diner.  The service was a lot friendlier than "kiss my grits" level, so kudos for that, but the kitchen had a hard time handling my request to put out my short stack a little while after my main meal.  I ended up waiting ten more minutes after we had finished our other food.They have some great cheap specials here, but I went with steak and eggs for $9.  One friend got the "mega omlet" [sic] for $7 which was pretty tasty.  The food was mostly plain and bland; I mean, it's hard to screw up scrambled eggs and hash browns, but it just wasn't that great.  Even the toast was more flavorless than regular toast (how is that even possible?).  But the pancakes were delicious--fluffy and wonderful.  The orange juice was terrible.  We saw the waitress mixing up a big jug of it from concentrate and water out of the soda machine.  It was room temperature when she served it.  Yuck.  Good times, though.  It's a diner.  Word of warning to you U of I students--there is a one-hour table maximum from 9-3 (that's a.m. AND p.m.).
3	I went here as an alternative to IHOP, which I must say I adore, for various and idiosyncratic (read: sentimental) reasons.The seats face big open windows, so you get a nice view of some traffic going by (as well as a Walgreens and McDonalds) if you're into that -- I am.The food was pretty standard. My special came with a VERY large portion of hash browns.Unfortunately, I had to pay quite a bit extra for the same items I typically get with the special over at IHOP -- 2 eggs, bacon, hash browns, and some pancakes.However, it was worth it to be in a different location with its own ambiance. Feels a bit like you're eating at a diner in a small forgotten town that only has one main road running through it, and the people who stop there don't live there but are just passing through. Or I could be projecting.The staff when I was there was older and not college-aged kids, if that makes a difference to you.
4	Looks like a waffle house, smells like a waffle house.. feels like I'm back home in SC! He had the diner stack, biscuit on the bottom, eggs scrambled. I had 2 eggs over medium with bacon, hashbrowns, and toast. We were the only customers on a Sunday morning at 1pm until the hungover undergrads rolled in. Service was excellent. Our waitress was very friendly, and our food arrived promptly. It was delicious and didn't leave me with that greasy what did I just put in my stomach feeling that I was expecting (from past WH experiences). I will definitely come back. The only thing that could have made my experience better is a big bowl of cheese grits...
4	Yes. It is a diner/waffle house; it's the least original thing that can be said about it but no less true. Comfortable and relaxed, the perfect place to go when you need to ignore the angels of your better nutritional nature and just pig out on things slathered in gravy.If I were in college, lived in Champaign, and needed a late night place to haunt, this would be it.
4	Merry Ann's is a great place, a true down home American diner.  They have great breakfast food, which is all I've ever had there.  You can sit as long as you want, the waitresses keep bringing you refills, and there is a good mix of locals and students.  My boyfriend and I used to always go here to study, or for late night munchies.  I definitely recommend it.  It's not the cleanest, or healthy by any means, but if you're looking for a good American diner, this place is it!
5	While this diner appears to be nothing special, they serve up some of the best and most craved dishes for breakfast all day.  The service is always excellent and the staff is quite friendly - even if their customers have just managed to fanagle a DD to drive them here after a night in campus town.For those of you health conscious, perhaps you can have wheat toast?  That's about the only health alternative here.  So settle down in a booth, order the horseshoe or infamous stack and prepare yourself for a guilty pleasure.My personal favorite is the hangover stack - a bed of hashbrowns, optional biscuit, sausage or hamburger patty, eggs any way you want them, slice of cheese, smothered in artery-clogging country gravy heaven.  It's really the gravy that sets this breakfast delight apart from the rest.  Guaranteed to take the edge off that night of heavy drinking - as if one indulgence weren't enough.
2	First time ever in which a diner refuses to serve egg whites only (I don't mind paying extra) with an excuse that I don't quite understand: "Because it is too busy." Anyway, I picked the only item available in the menu that did not look entirely unhealthy: Mushroom omelet. I guess I shouldn't go to this kind of diner if I am looking for "healthy". Yet in general diners don't have any problems with providing egg whites for an extra charge. It's not like I was requesting extra virgin olive oil and organic vegetables! Not at all! This is the kind of mushroom omelet that you get at Merry Ann's Diner: You can taste the can flavor in the mushroom. Those cheap can mushrooms just came out of a humid tin can and have not been soaked in the omelet for long enough to lose the taste of tin from the can. You can even taste the water preserve from the can sticking to the mushroom. The cheese in the omelet is even worse, since it just came out of those cheap packages of singles and it wasn't even half way melt in the egg. It was still partly stiff from the fridge. The actual omelet  (the egg part) did not taste like anything (which is much better than the mushrooms tasting like the humid tin from the can). I love the look of the place, though! I would go back as a photographer because it is a really sweet, cozy, traditional piece of Americana. Because of the looks they get 2 stars instead of 1. By the way, if you order toast and you don't want them to soak your toast in half a gallon of butter, let them know in advance! Otherwise you get a gallon of butter on your toast by "default."
3	Amazing diner food, but that's it.It's still a diner, no matter how you cut it.It's nothing to really make a fuss over, as even the best diner food is still diner food.The price is reasonable and they're open till all hours of the night.  Making my ridiculous drunken forays into Champaign-Urbana much more comfortable and filling.I love this place, but it's just a diner.The atmosphere and look of the place is classic 1950's diner, which is actually pretty awesome.  I seem to always get the really short and rude servers.  The ones that make you feel like you're not supposed to be there.So, there you have it.  It's great food, poor service, great looking diner, great price.  But, man have my waitresses been bitches.
1	Not a fan. I was expecting much better, even from a breakfast-all-day diner, because I've raved over similar diners in other review (see: CJ's in Seattle and Izzy & Nat's in Battery Park). However, no. I have no interest in darkening the door of this diner again.I rate diners based on how they deliver on four menu items: their hash, biscuits and gravy, country fried steak, and pancakes. I wasn't able to try Merry-Ann's hotcakes or their steak, so I'm just rating my experience on the hash and biscuits and gravy.Merry-Ann's is a cute, Illini-paraphanalia-ed (is that a word?) diner with overly hovering waitresses and bad orange juice. The booths are teeny and sticky, with an assortment of dairy-free creamer and jam stacked haphazardly on one end. Interesting. But ick. Their $3 orange juice is pulp-less, watered down concentrate.Their hash is AMAZING. It's the reason why I'm giving Merry-Ann's its single star. Crispy yet soft, I could've had platters of this thing. Dripping in ketchup or on its own or mixed with the diner's pepper gravy, oooh the hash is heaven.Biscuits and gravy. Oh gosh. What went wrong? I appreciate the full-size serving, but the biscuits were soggy and the gravy.... I am a fan of sausage gravy in general (I don't discriminate), and I have no qualms of venturing out into the pepper gravy arena, but gravy in general should be thick and flavorful and not congeal and as awesome as it could be. Merry-Ann's does not know how to make a good gravy. It was flavorless and milky and the only reason I even ate it was because I mixed it with the aforementioned fabulous hash browns.Sigh. Oh well. Am still on the search for a great breakfast nook in Champaign. Any suggestions?
4	They have this dish called the diner stack....wowhashbrowns, two eggs, sausage patty, and gravy....all on top of each other. I also got a biscuit to go with it. I am pretty sure this might be one of the worst possible things to eat health wise, but damn was it good!!! I dont think I had lunch that day since it was such a huge meal and great hangover cure. The line can get long at this place for breakfast, but it moves pretty quick and it worth the wait IMO. Service is your typical diner service so not bad.
2	I'm generally not picky, but Merry-Ann's has become a disappointment for me.  You might say "well, it's just diner food," but even for that it's kinda expensive.  If you stick to biscuits and gravy you're pretty safe, and their fries and hash browns aren't bad.  However, everything is a couple bucks more than I would like to be paying for greasy diner food.I think the final straw with me was when I ordered a chicken tender plate only to receive chicken nuggets that definitely came out of the freezer: uniform inside texture, only vaguely reminiscent of chicken.  I'm pretty picky about mechanically separated chicken.  Maybe that's snooty, but I just hate it.  In any case, for how much I paid I expected something a little better than that.For late night food, you're better off making it yourself or even going to Steak 'n Shake.
1	Dear Merry-Ann's,Please start serving:1) Real cream (instead hydrogenated fat/soybean oil)2) Real maple syrup (You serve breakfast...come on)2) Real butter (see number 1)Also: Overpriced.
4	Outstanding breakfast!  Eggs so fresh you'd think they had the chickens out back.  C ordered corned beef hash and was delighted to find that they mix in grilled onions.Highly recommended.  An institution in Champaign.
5	merry ann's will always hold a special place in my heart, as evidenced by my making it my first review.  at the corner of neil and kirby, just on the edge of the illinois campus, it was one of my favorite places back when i went to school there.  you might be thinking, "really, diner food for one of your favorites?"  partly.don't get me wrong - it's not the best food I've ever had.  i mean c'mon man, it's a diner for goodness sake.  but if i'm ever in the mood for diner food, give me merry ann's over ihop any day.  but it's about more than just the food - i'll get to that in a second but first my review.  when i ate here, i really only ordered one of two things: the #1 and the diner stack.  ahh yes...the stack.  two eggs any style, sausage patties or burger, slice of cheese, served on a bed of hash browns, over your choice of biscuits or not, covered in a generous ladling of sausage gravy.i get mine over-easy, with biscuits, and the hamburger patty (because it felt heartier than the sausage patties and went better with the cheese, plus you get bits of sausage in the gravy anyway.)  top it off with some black pepper and about 10 plops of tabasco, and i'm good to go.i've seen the stack ordered with over-medium (a solid choice and they make them well here) or scrambled (though i prefer the runny yolk.)  the hash browns are your regular frozen kind, but somehow the cook always gets a good mix of soft and crispy, even under all that gravy.  i prefer the burger, but my wife favors the sausage patties and a side of toast in place of the biscuits because it's less heavy.  but the key to the diner stack is the gravy.  i've never seen them actually make it, but they always seem to have a vat of it readily available.  it looks real thick, but goes down surprisingly smooth.  now i understand the phrase, "and it's all gravy," because it tastes amazing and goes great with however you build your stack.  any way you order it really, it's a thing of breakfast beauty.  i will never stop touting the glory of the diner stack at merry ann's.if you're not in the mood to miraculously gain two pounds, then i recommend the #1: two eggs, choice of bacon, ham, sausage links or patties, hash browns, and toast.  traditional.  plain.  simple.  delicious.  and you might only gain one pound.the other reason i hold this place in such high regard?  the memories.  the people, the conversation, the bonding.  all of it.  i was introduced to merry ann's by upperclassmen who used to come here and just talk about stuff.  just you and some friends fitting no more than four to a booth and talking about life, about school, about what lay ahead, and bonding over a stack and a smoke (back when you could smoke in restaurants.)  as a student, you couldn't get to merry ann's unless you had a car (which i didn't) so it meant something to me when i would be invited to join them.  when you're young and a few hundred miles from home and living by yourself for the first time, it was nice to have a place where you can open up or just sit back and enjoy conversation.i've spent many a good time and never a bad time here.  i enjoyed everything about it.  i liked that it was 24-hours, so you could head over after the bars closed, or in the middle of the afternoon (i've done both, and maybe once or twice during regular breakfast hours.)  i liked the fast and friendly service, which it was for the most part.  i liked that they always asked if we wanted our checks split.  i liked that townies ate here; made from bits of real townie, so you know it's good.  i liked the menus that never changed, except for when they got laminated.  i liked watching the cooks assemble a stack like an artist at work.  i liked sitting on the left side a little more than sitting on the right - don't know why.i leave you now with a couple of do's and don'ts for merry ann's; some words of wisdom if you will.  do eat here.  do not judge it until you do.  do try the diner stack at least once.  do not box or take it to-go (it won't be the same.)  do make sure at least the driver is sober enough to make the drive here.  do not eat all by your lonesome (invite someone.)  do expect to wait for a table (and if there's no wait then it's all gravy - see what i did there?)  do not go there to study.  do respect the staff and other patrons.  do not overstay and take up a booth if there's a long wait formed.  do tip well.  do not sit in silence.  do engage in good conversation.  do NOT talk about fight club.  and do come back now, ya hear?so many words for a little diner in central illinois.  i promise future reviews won't go this in-depth or off-tangent, but this was more about paying homage to friends, to this place, and to memories from way back when.  i know to some, it's just a diner.  not me.  yeah it was far.  yeah it was never really clean.  yeah it was just diner food.  but to me it was more than just that.  the time i spent at merry ann's was always...comforting.
4	I've been to Marry-Ann's several times while visiting friends in Champaign.  It's an old school diner in every sense: small booths, you're expected to order your food then get out, mountains of greasy food, and cheap prices.On football Saturday's (when I go) it's a great place to fill up prior to heading to the stadium.  I've tried a couple of different things, but usually end up with steak and 2 eggs over easy.  Now to be honest, the steak is tough, thin, and overcooked, requiring a healthy dose of A1.  But hey, that's what I expect form a place like this.As an out of towner, I like to make at least one trip here.  Just take it for what it is; cheap, greasy eats.
4	I would normally rate this 3 stars, but considering my behavior the last couple times here, I suppose I owe them at least an extra star in asshole tax. An average diner with good service (by this I mean they dont kick people out who clearly need to be put to bed). I suggest the Diner Stack with Lipitor for dessert.
1	Well, there's good bad-food and there's bad bad-food -- this is the worst of bad-food.  The lowest quality food possible.  While I like a good greasy spoon diner, this place is just horrible.  Absolutely gross.  Gave them the benefit of the doubt and went twice, but it's a thumbs down from me.  If you're 20 and very drunk at 3 a.m. -- maybe; otherwise, stay away and keep an artery open.
1	Walked into Merry-Ann's for breakfast on Saturday.  There was no sign to indicate method of seating.  I stood there while several staff stood idly behind the counter.  They looked me in the eye but never acknowledged my presence.  I waited a bit and then left.  I will NOT return.
4	I have some pretty fond memories of this place, since this is where we USED to go before the new one was put downtown. This is a total drunk-food/hangover spot for sure. The food is by no means phenomenal, and the method of just walking in, seating yourself, and being casual about it definitely doesn't appeal to some people. But being that it's 24 hours (and there are few of those places in Champaign) this will always be a favorite of mine.
3	Horrible service, OK stack.  I wish the hash browns were a bit more crispy, but I guess you can't complain when it's $4.50!
4	I went to Merry-Ann's for the first time on Sunday morning. I was a little bit hungover (oops) and ready for some diner food. Merry-Ann's satisfied all of my breakfast cravings and then some. I had the #1 combo - 2 eggs, hash browns, bacon and toast. I also got a half-order of gravy and a biscuit, plus a coffee. The bacon was by far the most disappointing part of the meal. It was just flavorless and gross. Everything else made up for it, though. My eggs were done perfectly (sunny-side-up), the hash browns were crispy, and the biscuit and gravy was just the right amount of spicy. Two people had a good, filling breakfast for around $14 before tip, which rocks. Pros: Everything except the bacon and the awkward time when we had to stand around and wait for a table to open up. Oh, also, I wish they had Heinz ketchup.
1	We ate at Merry-Ann's Diner in December of 2010 and our entire experience was very disappointing. First, we struggled to even get into the building due to an ice buildup on the sidewalks, common sense says that you at least take the time and salt your sidewalks for your customers safety. Our waitress acted like she had better things to do than to take our order. When our orders arrived my husband ate about 80% of his but explained that the flavor was "lacking" and that his food was "very greasy". My order was virtually inedible...literally only ate a couple of bites and was unable to stomach anymore of it due to the horrible flavor and excessive grease. The two best things about our meal was our coffee and getting the bill so that we could leave. The restaurant itself was dirty. The only positive thing that I would guess that this diner is good for is a hangover fix...unfortunately we weren't hungover college kids and were actually expecting a good meal, which did not happen.
1	Generally, I'm a fan of cheap, greasy diner food. This place, however, is just bad. It's overpriced for what you get and the service is awful.  The diner itself could use a little work as well. Our table was sticky and dirty. My friend and I stopped here before I moved to Champaign while I was in town looking at some apartments. My friend ordered the grilled cheese with fries and I ordered a chicken sandwich and fries.  Her grilled cheese was basically a piece of American cheese on white bread. That's it. I've made better grilled cheese at home using the same ingredients. There wasn't really much to my chicken sandwich either. Overall, nothing special. I don't understand the rave reviews of this place at all.  Maybe the breakfast is better? Too bad, I won't be returning. Also, I noticed a sign that said NO STUDYING. I guess they want you to just eat your crappy food and GET OUT. The location in downtown Champaign seems nicer, but I haven't been in because of the horrible experience I had at the other location. Might give it a try to see if it's any better.
2	Merry-Ann's Diner is the definition of mediocrity when it comes to diners. Unfortunately, Champaign has a lack of diners and 24 hour restaurants.  I usually get the Diner Stack or the Hangover Stack if I go in past midnight. Both are pretty average with the sausage gravy masking the rubbery taste of the hamburger and the hashbrowns tending to be the best part of the meal. I don't necessarily think that Merry-Ann's is bad, but there are better breakfast places (Sammie's Pancake House in Champaign is much better/cheaper in my opinion) and late night places (almost anything on Green Street). It's definitely better than the IHOP on Green Street, which is terrible in every conceivable manner.
1	Merry-Ann's Diner is a truck stop style 24 hour breakfast diner. Unfortunately, Merry-Ann's is not very good. I can't recommend it.Merry-Ann's menu, decor and layout, and overall look and feel, are identical to that of a Waffle House franchise. I suspect that this diner was designed to duplicate the successful Waffle House model. All of the menu items, from the coffee, eggs, and omelets down to toast and sweet rolls, are poor, although some items are a notch better, namely mediocre. Service is roughly comparable to that of other Waffle House stores. Ditto for the decor, and, in fact, the actual floor layout.Prices are low in absolute terms but they are somewhat high for the types of menu selections offered, quality aside. (And the quality delivered is mostly poor.)Before the Hilton-Garden Inn took over the property across the street, there was a well-regarded breakfast restaurant, almost a Champaign institution, attached to the property. The Hilton razed the restaurant as part of its renovation. Too bad. The Merry-Ann Diner is not suitable for breakfast at any time of day.
2	Merry-Ann's Just doesn't do it for me.  I'd just assume walk to Subway or Peking Garden when I'm looking for a cheap lunch.
3	1st off I have not eaten here in over 10 years. I got the fish sandwich Which was 2 frozen fish pattys on a bun and plain fries. I could of ate cheaper at home with the same ingredients. My kids got the #2 breakfast and the grilled cheese sandwich which both of them loved. I give it 2 stars the kids give it 4 stars so we gave it a final score of 3 stars
2	Service 5 stars, food 2 stars, atmosphere 2 stars. Overall 2.5 stars.
1	So terrible.Everything... besides the hotcakes.
4	This place is nostalgic. It's got that classic diner booth setup where the servers pass plates right from the center, and they're both friendly but abrupt like a diner should be.If the coffee even tried to be good here I'd probably be here more often (they usually always keep it topped off!). But it's consistently the worst coffee in town. You can taste the stale.Even so, it's a diner. I still go back for friendly people, cheap eggs, the clanking of dishes, and the grease rolling on the edge of the plate.
4	Just a fantastic establishment with friendly people. I have literally never ordered anything outside of the breakfast menu, and don't plan on ever doing so. The corn beef hash is the best in town, and the diner stack will cure you of all current or potential ailments. It's great for before you get black out drunk, great for after you get blackout drunk, and pretty good when getting blackout drunk is not involved at all.
2	Just okay food. I can make better food at home for cheaper.
2	Average small-town diner feel in all the good and bad ways. Food tastes pre-cooked or frozen, meny is too large, service is great, and it's breakfast all day.
1	Waitress was super unfriendly, and the food is way overpriced for its quality and quantity. Going there for any kind of nostalgic diner environment is not worth it.Save yourself the trip!
