3	I discovered this location by complete surprise not knowing that the Motor Vehicle Division had a location by Interstate 17 or Deer Valley airport. I had to visit on two separate occasions for a re - examination due to medical reasons. Shame on me I failed the written test on the first occasion...Call me a dumb ass if you like..Well I missed 9 questions and was only allowed to miss six. The second time I missed only two and I passed (after studying the silly book).On my second visit, I arrived at 2:00 pm, was given a number and by the time I was done, it was 4:30 pm! The place was packed even though it was Tuesday. The staff is friendly and for the most part efficient (just not the second time around). Just bring a lot of patience with yourself and best days to visit by the way are Wednesday and Thursday. Why only three stars you might ask...? Well I wasn't blown away or anything, and I deem 2-1/2 hours an awfully long time to wait just to get a driver's license.For more information, visit www.azdot.gov (the driver license manual as well as practice tests are online)
3	Could not believe my eyes that there was 30 people waiting in line before 8am. Super glad that I was out in about an hour. Getting here early is a must.
3	Lady was nice, transaction was quick.  35 minutes total for my title change.  Not bad for the DMV.
3	First time here at this location.  Arrived around 7:30am doing some title transfer.  I was about the 10th person in line.  Doors open promptly at 8am.  Out of the door at 8:30am.  Great and fast service.  They know exactly what they are talking about.  Come early if you don't want to wait.  Check their Website for wait time if necessary.
4	For the DMV my experience wasn't too bad. The wait wasn't very long (approx 1 hour) and everyone I encountered was friendly and helpful. I was just changing my last name on my car title. Four dollars later, I walked out with my new title, no problem.  Sure, I'd rather wait LESS time but when you're expecting it... it isn't too bad. Does.... smell a bit in there. Can't put my finger on what it is... But I'm sure it's just an old building or something.
