5	This has been one of my favorite places to eat for years.  The service is great and the portions are incredible.  For authentic mexican this is the only place to go.
4	Good, but not amazing, "traditional arizona " mexican food.for some reason, i've had about five friends who have worked here as servers, and they all stuck around for at least a year, so i imagine the owners/managers are pretty cool.on sundays they have discounts on pitchers of beer and margaritas all day. the food is good and relatively inexpensive, and the select apps are half off during normal HH times. located right on hardy and university (wedged between Cornish Pasty and Cheba Hut) it's convenient and has good service.
3	I've had a mixed experience at Rosita's. The first time I came, I ordered their signature dish with chicken, that came absoutely swimming in melted cheese. I should've known, as Lauren V. noted, Rostia's serves Arizona-style Mexican food for the most part, which means uber helpings of cheese and sauce.Wiser the second time I went, I ignored my waiter's advice to order another dish that seemed to be also a prime candidate for cheese drowning, and went for the fish tacos, which were quite good and served with a heaping portion of rice and beans.I should also give props to the salsa, which was somewhat spicy but comes with extra hot sauce to add to one's own pleasure. While this seems common out in Arizona, it's a tradition that should make its way east, for sure. I guess it all depends what you're looking for. Most of the dishes here seem to be in the "cover with as much cheese and sauce as possible" category. If that's your bag, then you're set. I, on the other hand, feel I need to choose very carefully here.
3	This was my first "Mexican" restaurant after I moved here. Eh, it was OK. I was expecting more. Considering that when you're from Pittsburgh, the closest thing to Mexican is Taco Bell. Ha. I went with the safe bet, Carne Asada, which I'd never heard of, but sounded good . It was good but, not enough to bring me back. Besides, I like the risk factor of Fili-Bs :D
4	One of my favorite Arizona style Mexican joints. Their chips are always hot and fresh made. Their salsa is nice and spicy. The red is a little smoky. The green is hot and flavorful. Their guac, if you order it, is fresh made and tasty.They have a few stand out items on the menu.Albondingas Soup - mexican meatball soup. It's about $5, huge, comes with a plate of refried beans and warm tortillas, your choice of corn or flour. (Corn, bishes!#@) Delicious, filling, and relatively healthy. Tamales. I love their green corn tamales. They have green sauce on them and some hot chile inside. Yum!Short ribs. Yup. Grilled and very meaty. Delicious.Enchiladas. Perfect.If you like menudo, you can order it with or without the hoof. I don't like medudo or hooves, so you're on your own, but it seems popular with patrons who have that inverse make a run for the border vibe.The reviewers who panned this place must have smoked crack before visiting. Or filed the wrong report at the wrong place. They can't be talking about Rositas!
2	This was very disappointing!  We came for breakfast right after they opened up for the morning on a Sunday, and the entire place smelled like cheap cleaning supplies which really did not help my appetite.  The smell was almost overwhelming the whole time we were there.  The service was very good and fast, definitely above average service.  However, the food was mediocre to just bad and it was way overpriced for the quality.  I had a spinach enchilada with beans and rice.  The spinach enchilada tasted good, as things that are 1/2 sour cream can't help but do.  It was low quality, high calorie and not very subtle.  The rice was probably my biggest complaint.  While it had a pleasant orange color, it tasted like...  plain white rice that was a little too old.  Sort of crunchy where it shouldn't be.  The tortillas, salsa and chips tasted like they came  from a grocery store.  So all this would have been just fine if it hadn't cost like $11 each for our breakfasts.  This being Arizona, I have higher standards for Mexican food and this was way too expensive.
4	As my friend from high school likes to say, "this is my second favorite place to go eat."The first, of course, is Someburros.Oh Rositas, how I miss theeFor in Cleveland, the land is bereft of good Mexican food(and NO, Chipotle doesn't count)Eating here brings back good memories of times spent with friendsOrdering chicken mole, enchiladasHUGE glasses of refreshing horchata!I revisited Rositas a few days agoAs good as I remember it to beGreen corn tamale and spinach enchiladaAlthough I've had tasty enchiladas here before,The flavors for me didn't quite taste right.Green corn tamale was delicious though.So, not perfect food, but really close!
2	Rosita's is better than Macayo's (that's not saying much), less commercial and more traditional AZ mex.. It is decent, but they over-cheese everything. Their food tends to be a bit greasy and overpriced, however the salsa is excellent. The menu is humongous and they cater which is nice when you forget it's mexican potluck day at work :) The service has always been fast, friendly and very attentive. I'm knocking it down to 2 stars because on last two visits the sewer smell (remember that smell from Long Wong's..) permeated the entire restaurant and I just about lost my appetite (which is not good when you are paying $8.95 for a freaking burrito).
2	So when my friend Kevin and I are looking for a beer fix, this is usually where we head. They have decent deals on pitchers and oh so edible salsa (personally I like the hot version) but that is where the love affair ends. And even though we have gone to this spot several times, I wouldn't say that either one of us are fans. We go for the convenience.I've tried several items on the menu and have to say I've never been particularly impressed with any of them. That's a nice way of saying I've never had anything here that wasn't done better somewhere else. I have spent years learning the nuances of what makes a good Mexican plate and if you are looking for something authentic, this wouldn't be my first choice. On the other hand if you are happy with an Americanized version and in need of cheap beer, definitely check it out!
2	What was that freaking smell? Holy crap. Smelled like a dirty diaper wrapped in farts. Permeated the entire restaurant. Sure didn't do much to make the greasy over-priced food any more appetizing, I'll tell you that. Thought maybe it was a one-time thing, but after a quick scan of a couple previous reviews, it seems to be a recurring theme with this place. Yuck.
2	I have to concur on the weird smell... a little like sewage. Definitely not good for the appetite. I liked the friendly service, but while the food was cheap and edible, it was nothing special. The salsa is indeed pretty good, but not so amazing  that it's worth coming here instead of going somewhere with better food. I had a prickly pear margarita that had a nice flavor, but was way too sweet for my taste.
2	We walked into this place to see not 1 but 2 hostesses just walking away from the hostess stand. It was several minutes before we were acknowledged despite the appearance of them being adequately staffed considering they weren't particularly busy. The chips and salsa arrived immediately -- salsa was good but chips were the greasy, stuck together variety. When I asked the waitress for recommendations (the menu is quite extensive) she replied, "I don't really like mexican food but...". Against my better judgement I ordered the arroz con pollo per her recommendation. I ate some of it, it was "fine", but I left about half on my plate and I NEVER leave food on my plate. It was also accompanied by steamed cabbage & other veggies which I found odd and have never experienced in a mexican restaurant before. I'm glad I tried it .. but am glad I didn't have to go out of my way to get there & I won't be going back
1	Bad food, but lots of it.  If you have a hangover and need grease, this is your place.  Other than that, drive a block and eat at Mucho Gusto down the street--now that is real mexican food!
3	It's easier to think about the things that I don't like about Rosita's than it is to think about why I eat there every now and then.  Pretty much, I only eat there when I'm either extremely hungover and don't want to drive any further than I absolutely have to or when I'm in a hurry because it's so close to my house and the food comes quickly.Basically, this place has got two things working in its favor:1. It is extremely close to my house2. Damn good salsa.However, this is a Tempe Hotspot for some of the ugliest and weirdest people around, including some old drunk dude I always see staggering around University and Hardy with the same look of bewilderment.  One time, I'm pretty sure he was being thrown out because everyone looked mad at him and he walked out with an air of indignance.  Another time, I heard a different old man cough, then fart, then cough again.  These are the kinds of people you will see at Rosita's.Overall, the food, though not great, is not bad.  Yes, it's greasy, but if you're hungover, you'll feel better.  It's fine for what it is.  I really enjoy the chimichangas.
3	Pretty good homestyle Tex-Mex.  The salsa is outstanding.  Just don't go here for lunch unless you are able to take a nap afterwards.
3	I've always enjoyed Rosita's. Everything is really cheesed up, a lot of it is greasy, and the've expanded their menu within the last few years. It's almost overwhelming how many things are on there but I especially like the fajitas and of course the chips and salsa.The salsa is definitely 5 stars. I've gotten college kid servers who were cleaarly stoned, twice! My eating partner and I asked what one of their favorite things to eat was, and it was classic to see the look of delight in his red eyes, because he got to dispel his great wisdom of Rosita's fare on us. "Dude...anything with the red sauce is the best..."  I wonder if he hit the Cheeba Hut next door after a serious case of the munchies?
3	I have since returned to Rosita's after my bad/mediocre experience and it seems to be just fine.  Just fine as in it would be amazing if located in a northern state, but here in Arizona where delicious Mexican food is plentiful, it doesn't stand out.  I appreciate that they offer two types of beans rather than just the standard refried variety.  The service and food have been fine lately.
4	Our first visit to Rosita's was after we moved right down the street and not disappointing.The food was about what we expected but better.First rate hot sauce,as good as the sauce my husband makes.And that's good. Service was always great as we sit in the lounge or even at the bar when we go.Awesome happy hour,2$ beers,half off appetizers.What could be better!
4	I miss Rosita's.  I've not lived in Arizona in a few years, so perhaps it's gone downhill.  However, their chips and salsa were always fantastic.  I could get full just from that.  And their chimichangas were to die for.  I always went during lunch, as it was just up the road from work.  It was cheap, quick, good service, and tasty for the price.
5	Excellent food, great service. I don't like it when people say that Rosita's isn't authentic, or that it's just 'mediocre' as far as the food. I've had authentic Mexican food cooked in authentic Mexican households, and Rosita's is comparable. It's border food. If you're going for authentic, try some of the higher end dishes, like the carne asada or the carnitas. Go for Happy Hour if you go for anything. The appetizers are cheap and plentiful, and the drink specials really roll around to some good stuff. I've gone there for dollar beers before. Terrific.
1	Today I had some of the  the worst food I have ever eaten, anywhere.  The tamale was tasteless mush and unevenly heated.  The rice was lukewarm warm and nothing special.  There were chips that tasted out of the bag, or old.  To top things off, they are overpriced especially compared to other Mexican restaurants.  The waitress was nice but that was the only semi-positive.  I will never go here again!
4	The wife and I decided to take a chance last night since ASU was out for the summer and things aren't normally as hectic. And we're glad we did. Entering to the blaring trumpets of Mexican music piped overhead, we were immediately greeted and shown to a table. Within a minute or so we were treated to freshly made salsa and a bowl of warm chips. The salsa was one of the best I've tasted with fresh tomatoes, onions, light seasoning and just the right amount of cilantro. Our friendly waitress was personable, focused on us and our needs and helpful with the menu.  I ordered the chicken burrito enchilada style and the wife ordered a fish taco; we were both very happy and have plans to return again.While the neighborhood is funky, this is old school Mex-American grub made the way it's supposed to me made.
4	We eat there once a week. Chips and salsa is the best.
5	My family frequents Rosita's and I can see why it's been a Tempe staple for so many years.  The chips and salsa are excellent and worth the trip alone.  I always get a black bean burrito enchilada style and it is the best black bean burrito in town.  The servers are really attentive and friendly as well.  I notice that many people seem to think it's overpriced, but I don't agree.  You can get a cheese crisp at happy hour (which is all day Sat/Sun) for $2.50.  My burrito on the lunch menu is around $6, less than most other similar places.  I do agree that the bathrooms are not the best, but I don't pass up good places simply because of the bathroom.  I'd miss many great dives in larger cities if I did that.  Overall, I think you'll be happy with your meal and the service provided at Rosita's.
2	I remember trying Rosita's a long time ago and being pretty disappointed after a number of my friends had hyped it up pretty heavily...so today, as my co-worker and I debated over which Mexican place to try, I decided to give Rosita's another opportunity to win me over. For starters, the chips and salsa were pretty average. The chips were a little thicker than I prefer, and the salsa (at least in my opinion) tasted like a thin tomato base mixed with water. Very little spice, and not much taste at all. I ordered a shredded beef burro and a chicken taco combo plate because it was one of the best deals on the menu at $7.50, and I enjoyed the shredded beef...perhaps a bit dry, but it still had a decent flavor to it. The chicken, however, gave me flashbacks to my bad experience at Manuel's...although not quite as awful, it was very bland and lacked any real redeeming qualities. I still don't get how a place can f-up chicken! Jeeez. The spanish rice I had on the side was pretty standard, but all in all this was another pretty "bleh" dining experience. My dining companion just sent me an email to inform me that his bean burrito was already trying to make a comeback, I'm just glad I went double rice verus rice and beans. I give it two stars because we had a good waitress who was fairly attentive and because the shredded beef was passable.
3	I've had better from a "Rosita's."  This place has the atmosphere down, but the food could use some work. All the ingredients are there and the menu is definitely a full one, but there's just something missing.I would, however, recommend the salsa. Both the mild and hot are impeccable.
1	Rosita's was a real disappointment. I was craving a hard shell taco with rice and beans for lunch and gave Rosita's a shot at satisfying my hunger. I chose wrong.The chips and salsa were okay, not great. The salsa was a pretty watered down and didn't have a lot of flavor. The chips were warm, like they promise, but tasted like they'd been sitting under the warmer a little too long.I went with the burrito and taco lunch special; everything I was craving. I chose a chicken burrito and machaca taco. It was sorely disappointing. The taco was okay, but didn't have a lot of flavor; the burrito was horrible. A thick, store-bought quality flour tortilla filled with flavorless, boiled chicken and absolutely nothing else. I had to cut open the tortilla and douse the atrocity that lay inside with the remaining rice and beans on my plate and a large helping of salsa just to make this thing palatable.Whether Mexican, Italian, Thai or American, really good food is all about flavor. Unfortunately, Rosita's had none to offer.
2	tonight is saturday and we were the ONLY 3 people in there? yet, our server was below average...way below. had to ask twice for water and for beer refills. and salsa...had to ask twice for that as well. my dish was ok. standard mex but very salty. i won't count our dinner companion because she is too picky (everything was wrong with her dish according to her). however, my girlfriend loved her fish with lettuce wrap dish...said it was "the bomb", a phrase she has rarely used since entering her mid 30's! our prickly pear margaritas were quite tasty though, so a grand 4 stars for that.but what made me give it only 2 stars was the service...we never, ever expect much because we know how hard it is to be a server...however, with us as the only customers, the service tonight was way off. overall, 50 bucks for 3 entrees, 2 margaritas and 2 beers.
3	Rosita's has a bad rep. It's a good little place and they retain employees for years, which is a good sign. When you go inside you'll immediately notice a sort of icky, midwestern grossness about it. Expect to see many corpulent men with military hair cuts. They will be squished tightly into their booths shoveling massive quantities of cheese covered food into their mouths. Try not to let that spoil your meal. Those guys go there for the same reason I do. When you sit down you get a basket of warm chips immediately. Their salsa, which is made with oregano, a much neglected herb in Mexican cuisine, is my favorite. I'm usually in a food coma from eating so many chips before my burrito even arrives. You will not leave hungry. It's good hangover food. If the wait at the over-rated Harlow's diner across the street is too long then try Rosita's instead.
1	Chips and salsa, ok but does not taste homemade and how hard is that?I order a bean burrito with enchilada sauce on it and asked the waiter if it was vegetarian. The waitress looked unsure but said yes. When the food came, there was a definate meaty taste so I asked her if she could make sure it was veg. She huffed back to the kitchen and returned saying it was. I threw up that night and my friend threw up the next morning but didn't know what to attribute it to.For some ridiculous reason (probably the location and a margarita craving) we came back a few weeks later. I ordered the same thing and again asked if it was vegetarian. The waiter, Seth was very polite and said he would go check. When he came back, he informed me that their enchilada sauce is NOT vegetarian and apologized. I won't be back for their bland, uninspired food and rude (except seth)  wait staff.
2	Went here for a quick lunch when I arrived in Tempe. The menu has a large variety of different Mexican and not so Mexican dishes. I had the carne asada; it was decent. Nothing to complain about, but nothing to rave about either.
5	They have a huge menu that is VERY original. I HIGHLY recomend the Mexican Pizza for an apitizer, the Shirmp Fajitas, and also the CHICKen Mole is To die for!
3	I visited Rosita's today for lunch with a group of coworkers. A couple of my friends had previously visited, but this was my first experience. We chose Rosita's because of a promo coupon today which donated 15% of the total bill to a local animal shelter.Previous reviews described poor service; however, our service today was about average for a busy lunch timeslot. I ordered the two item combo with rice & beans. I chose the shredded beef taco and the green corn tamale. Good flavor on the tamale, nice crunchy hard taco.
2	Rosita'stisk tiskthere is nothing to really say it's not even that rosita's is bad, it's ...well...i guess i expected more on account of it's lifespan. The food here is mediocre, the service slow but friendly enough, and the ambience is purely no frills. I can't think of one single aspect of Rosita's which could distinguish it from the million other restaurants just like it scattered all thoughout our metropolis of strip malls like so much pollen in the wind. The only reason it gets 2 stars is cause i hate giving a bad review, and it's a local buisness and you gotta support your roots
1	I went there last night, and both my boyfriend had a bad experience.Let's start with we got the appetizers.Decent Appetizer Platter... minus the fact that it was cold.Margaritas- Okay nothing amazing.Cheese Crisp- Good Flavor, but hard to chewThe service/waitress was kind of rude, and wasn't very attentive even on the aspect of a glass of water.We just figured we had a bad time and would try it again, that was until 2 am the next morning when he was puking his soul out.
1	this place is ridiculous.ive had pretty mediocre food from here a few times, but its down the street from my house so i think i just keep hoping it will get better. The Carne Asada is totally bland. And their quesadillas are practically inedible. The one good thing is their salsa and bean dip.So I just called to place a take out order for a side of bean dip. The woman informed me that chips do NOT come with the bean dip and it would be $1.99 extra for them (Do most people eat bean dip WITHOUT chips?). Ok. Fine. I will pay the $1.99. Then i ask if salsa is included with the cost of chips, to which she replies no, salsa is extra as well. I hung up. Everything they were trying to charge me for is FREE if i was going to sit there and eat my bean dip! I think i have finally given up on this placejust go to cheba hut next door ;)
3	This place is ok. I have not been terribly impressed the two times I have been there. It is standard mexican sit-down restaurant faire. I would rather go to Guadalupe and get some good street tacos.
1	Checked into a hotel on University yesterday and decided to drive down the street looking for a restaurant. I should have gone to Subway and saved myself about $20. They didn't have any 100% blue agave other than Patron, which I don't drink. The house margarita is Jose Cuervo which is headache city, so I ordered unsweeted ice tea. I was hungry so I ordered the Fajita Trio, consisting of beef, shrimp and chicken. When it arrived I knew I wouldn't be able to finish it, so much food. The beef was tough, the chicken was dry, and the shrimp was passable. The refried beans were runny and the rice wasn't very good. I could go on, but I think you get the picture. The entree was $16.95 and I didn't finish it, nor did I ask for a doggy bag. Rosita's Fine Mexican Food is misnomer. Oh yes, I did have to rush back to the hotel to go to the bathroom. You can figure out why.
3	Rosita's is pretty average. I probably stop in once a year, I stopped in the other week on the way to Gammage to catch 9 to 5. There is nothing outstanding about this place, but nothing to terrible either. the chips and salsa are always good and plentiful, but they are just ships and salsa, its hard to mess them up. I always get the same thing, a green corn tamale and a shredded beef taco. I like them. The service is hit and miss. Last week was horrendous. Our waitress was no where to be found, never checked on us to see if the food was ok or if we needed anything and we waited for ever to get the bill and had to flag her down to have her take our payment. When I go here I don't ever have high expectations, so I am generally not let down.
3	This is your normal Mexican restaurant. Although I eat there at least twice a week, I do not think there is anything special about the food. I do love their bean and cheese burrito but that isn't all that hard to make. The atmosphere is very casual and there are always kids there. If you can enjoy your meal while sitting in a loud place, then Rosita's is for you. I usually get my food to-go. The service is good as well, but once again it's nothing special.
2	I don't know where to begin, I was born in California, lived in Chicago for 15 years both of those locales had better Mexican food. Now after living in Arizona for the last year trying some restaurants and take away spots. What is the deal Mexican food here so close to the border yet the flavor and colors of this food don't illustrate any thing but drab and boring. Pureed guacamole is not what I was expecting when I ordered it to accompany my Combo Grande of Chile Rellano and Chicken enchilada, do not order the fideo way too soupy and it taste like watered down spaghetti O's not good. I love Mexican food but I won't be back here to have it.
3	i like rosita's- especially their salsa. the food is average mexican- the chile relleno platter is good and their shredded beef is the best bet. the service is good but like i said- it's just average
3	Meh.... Not bad. Not goooood though.  This is cheap college campus Mexican food where you get a LOT of food really fast for a small price.  The quality is there but this place is in no danger of taking home a "Best Mexican Food in Tempe" award.
3	Two words - beef chimichanga. I love chiimis and theirs is hands down one of the best in the valley.  Overall, Rosita's is a pretty average Mexican restaurant. Calling it "fine food" may be a bit of a stretch. I love their chips and salsa and their black beans along with the chimi. Steer clear of the "guacamole". I don't think it includes a single avocado. It's more of a green sour cream.  We affectionately refer to it as "the creepy green sauce".The service is usually fast and always friendly which makes it a great place for a weekday lunch.
3	five of us from the office went out to celebrate a new client contract and Rosita's is close to the office - the margarita's were good, the service was good, the food was good, and the chips and salsa were good.  the shredded beef chimichanga I had was as good as Macayo's, where the price is 25% higher.the enchilada sauce could have been Kroger's brand - the salsa made up for it.  my friend gave me a bite of her tamale and it was very good. - So, basically, ya pays ya money and ya takes ya chances
4	I used to love this place before they changed their menu.  They use to have this awesome chimichanga, which was filled with peppers, spicey pork and lots of other goodies.  I always got it with the white cheese sauce.  Let me tell you, this chimichanga was DA Bomb!!  However, for some reason, they took it off the menu!!  Ugh!! The food is still pretty good though, but I miss that chimichanga more than you know!  In fact, let's have a moment of silence, please!  :)
1	We went here for dinner the other night and ended up wishing we hadn't.The staff is very friendly and that's probably what keeps this place open. The food is bland at best and way overpriced for a little hole in the wall. I ordered a strawberry margarita and found that a strawberry had never been near it. Clearly a flavored mix.We each had a shrimp taco and a fish taco. The shrimp had been so overcooked that it was like chewing on little lumps of plastic. The fish had no flavor at all as it hadn't been seasoned.We left with a feeling of "Lesson learned."
4	I love this place. Everything Ive tried on the menu is great.Cant beat their happy hour, mmm margaritas.....While I agree w/ Tiffany that calling it "fine food" is a stretch, its definately authentic, and filling.
4	I come here on occasion, usually with coworkers for lunch during the week.  I have always enjoyed the food here.  The lunch specials are great and the chips and salsa are always plentiful and warm.  I will definitely return when in the mood for Mexican food.
4	This place is good for local and fast Mexican food. Better than Macayo's or Filiberto's. The atmosphere is relaxing and I like that they have daily specials. There is an interesting story behind Rosita's. Mama Rosa opened the first restaurant in the 60s and it was very small with only four tables. Now it's much bigger and they still use her recipes. Yum! Now I want a chimichanga.
1	Wow... can you say bland? Flautas would be much better with seasoning. The Peppi Burger was too small for the bun and had more breading then stuffing in a Thanksgiving Turkey . If you like guacamole from a jar and tasteless food this place is for you.
4	I enjoy going to this restaurant often. It's a sit down for dinner type place, and the menu is quite extensive. I try something different every time I go, but the fried ice cream is something everyone should try at least once. The person I dine with enjoys the Tamales, but they are a bit pricey for the meal. The daily specials are worth the effort in price, and the lunch menu can't be beat for the time of day. I do caution people to understand the waiters. It's a touch and go topic, some of the servers are attentive and quick to refill a glass of soda, where-as others can't be found regardless of where you sit. It really just depends on the day and time.
3	First time at Rositas. Food was fabulous but the service was terrible. We sat down and were immediately given chips and salsa. But then our waitress took forever to come over, and when she did she took our food order at the same time as our drinks. It took what seemed like forever to get our drinks! In fact, we finished a basket of chips without them! Then it seemed like things were smoothing out. Our food came and was amazing so we were feeling good about it. Then the wait for the check was probably 10-15 minutes! And I saw at least 2 other tables in the same position we were. There were only about 6 tables total there. So, food is amazing; service not so much.
3	Rosita's is pretty standard Mexican fare, but that makes it none-the-less delicious! They have fair lunchtime specials and great tortilla chips to compliment your meal. Highly recommended if looking for some no-nonsense, simple and straight-forward-delicious Mexican!Keep singing,-Jerron
2	Food was just OK. My wife and I both had chimmi's enchilada style but they didn't deep fry them so they where really enchilada burritos. My black beans where also under cooked.
3	This review will be short. My favorite food is a bean burro, enchilada style. Their bean and cheese burro (E/S) is very good. However, the price is too high for my food budget. The burro is $5.95, and the red enchilada sauce is an extra $2.25. If you have an ice tea or a soft drink, that adds another $2.25. The total is $10.45 + tax.  Add on a tip and you bought yourself one very expensive bean burrito. The waiters I saw that night were very friendly, and two of the guys working there were almost too hunky to be human. I may go back some day to get some DNA samples from them so that I will finally know the truth. If these two guys are what the people of their planet look like, I hope they colonize our planet in the very near future. Thinking about them made me lose my train of thought. Anyway, to summarize, Best Buy is a great place to buy new CDs.
1	My wife and I were only in Phoenix for a night, and figured we would try some Mexican food  seeing as we had never been in the Southwest before.  Our 1st restaurant down the street never got around to serving us, so we came to Rosalita`s figuring it might have authentic Mexican cuisine.It was brutal.The service was atrocious, as one poor guy was working both the bar and the "lounge" area which had about 8 tables full.  He was pleasant, but completely overwhelmed.The food itself tasted as if it had been left out all day and simply reheated.  The chips were stale and the salsa tasted suspiciously like the crappy Ortega stuff you buy in the supermarket.  My shrimp dish was so disastrous that I only ate half of it because I was afraid it might make me sick.  The shrimp were overcooked to the point of turning into rubber, and the sauce was nauseating.  The rice was overcooked and dry, and the green salad of lettuce and carrots was steamed!   This was without a doubt the worst mexican I have ever eaten in my life.My wife thought her tacos were bland, but much more edible than my shrimp, even though the cheese was not authentic, or tasty at all.
2	My husband and I were in town for spring training and Rosita's was suggested by our hotel.  This was our first visit and will be our last.  I should have known something wasn't right by the smell that overwhelmed us when we walked in the door. Something must have died, it was terrible.  We waited then waited while the hostess had her back to us while taking a phone order.  She was so surprised when she turn around to see us and 3 other groups waiting to be seated.  We were seated in the bar area and met by a pleasant waiter who clearly was overwhelmed.  My margarita was delicious wish I had another but after delivering our order we never saw our busy waiter again.  I had the green tamale, and it was very good.  Unfortunately, that tamale wasn't good enough to overcome the negatives.
1	Horrible. This place has not changed since I worked there 24 years ago. Granted, I was the worst busser in the world, but that does not excuse the bad food, old decor, tired menu, and lackluster staff. The food is essentially taco bell but more expensive. The guacamole is neon green without flavor, the food swims in grease, and the beans and rice are often cold by the time they get to the table.There are better restaurants just a few minutes away.
1	I genuinely hate places like this; "this" being places that lull you in with some back story of the "MUY AUTENTICO" food/founder and their story of making wholesome food from old recipes, et cetera, and then you get your meal and realize either the founder was a liar or they just have been serving trash since she died.I had a combo plate with a tamale, a tostada, and a taco. All tasted like they came straight from the microwave, and the standard beans-rice accompaniment was typical from a box/can in taste. (I got black beans, and they were served in a bowl. They were *just* like you would get from a can, and pretty sure they were floating in the can-water which most people discard).I guess you can say one thing about this place: It's an equal-opportunity employer. However, that's not a good thing in this case: The college valley-girl type staffs the joint and very loudly gossips in front of customers- Like, welcome to Tempe! As if!Can't believe they charge more than 3 bucks for a plate for this stuff in good conscience.Leave it.
2	This place has been here forever. and it hasn't changed at all it seems. It wouldn't really be THAT bad if it wasn't for the fact that EVERY damned thing you order is oversalted to the point of insanity. It's crazy! And my girlfriend is a salt fiend....she really loves it! But even she couldn't stomach that much oversalting. It seems to be the only trick the kitchen knows! And you can see the evidence on every table...completely full salt shakers, that likely never need refilling. A person would have to be mad to actually add additional salt to their food here. There are much better Mexican food places around- try Susie's Mexican cafe, up the street on University.
5	I love Rosita's! The food is awesome and the happy hour is fantastic. I go at least once a week. I highly recommend the spinach enchiladas and the shredded beef tacos.
4	I went to Rosita's as a reward lunch with my team from work yesterday, let me tell you going anywhere with us is a challenge in itself!, we have Juan aka lunchbox, who can certainly eat his share and more! We did give Rosita's a headsup that we were coming even though there is just 8 of us, but the place is always busy!We got there and were seated right away and got Lauren as a waitress,  she took great care of us! She even got assitance to bring exta chips and salsa which by the way was super yummy! Love their super size cups, never have to ask for a refill they're like a half gallon size, perfect for my diet coke addiction! I decided in 2013 to enjoy life more so I ordered dessert first, the shortcake soppapiah, fabulous! I had the spincah enchilada with white sauce which was melt in your mouth goodness! I am a lucky girl because I sampled my coworkers lunch, a tasty bite of a chimichanga, and a fajita! Oh yes and I got a bite of the fried ice cream too, can you say pajama jeans, I needed them by the time I was done! Everything was fantastic, service included!
4	Accidently found this little gem, after an afternoon of shopping.Went in, there was a line waiting to get in, ok, this could be good.  Smelled wonderful!It could be updated, but it was clean. I would like the music to be softer, so that we could talk without letting the other customers in on our conversation.The food was amazing!  My friend ordered a lightly fried chimi, she devoured it.I wanted a Shrimp Taco Salad, not on the menu, but they did it for me anyway...Thank you Seth for a great evening.
3	I used to love this place, but I found better.
2	Nothing special. Not authentic as they claim. Skip it.
4	Very good home cooked food! Moderately priced!
4	Been coming here for years! Used to be the best, but after new owners took over, it has slipped a little! Great salsa, and spinach enchiladas!
1	Average salsa and all around dirty.  I cannot give a good rating when the menus, restaurant and restrooms are repulsive.  Sorry!Staff was very nice, but owners should think of replacing carpet, paint and pressure steaming the bathrooms!
4	We've been searching for really good vegetarian Mexican food in Tempe for about two years now. Rosita's is definitely it. Our server, Lupe, was super friendly and helpful. He let us know that the green chile sauce isn't vegetarian, but recommended alternatives and made sure that we were okay with other ingredients in the food. I had the chile relleno platter and my fiance had the tamales. We each had a margarita with lunch, and the bill still hit under $30. Great service and great food; we'll definitely be back!
2	No matter what you order the salsa and hot sauce aren't good.  The hot sauce is just not good. The salsa tastes like they added vinegar to preserve it. Otherwise, it might be good if they made it fresh and more often. I've lived in Az over 50 years.There are only a few things that a mexican restaurant needs to get right, sauce is one of them.
1	If I could have a negative star I would!!  I paid $20 for 1 rolled taco/flautas w/black beans and one taco w/ beans!!!!   Are u kidding me????? F$uck this place! I tried to give benefit of doubt, boy was I wrong!  Rip off!   DO NOT EAT HERE, WASTE OF MONEY AND RIP OFF!  What a joke! Taco Bell is better!
4	Growing up in Tucson, I often have a craving for Mexican food.  I have tried many places throughout the valley and Rositas is great.  The food is cheap and is consistent.  I typically get the taco/enchilada combo, or a green chile chimi.  The margaritas are also pretty good.  I also always ask for the hot sauce with my chips and salsa.  I can't give it 5 stars because I have had better Mexican food, but this is the best I have had in the Phoenix area so far.
1	No. Don't go. We came here as a group of three and each ordered a large meal. I got their Carne Picada which was 13.00 and 2 of their margaritas for 3.00 given that it was margarita Monday. My friends got a margarita too and a taco salad 10.95 and their fiesta bowl 8.95. Personally the food was only ok, I've had better at even Filibertos, definitely other mom and pop shops around. After paying, we sat around as I ordered my second margarita, which, by the way, is not strong at all, because after two I felt nothing. So we were chatting and the waitress comes back and asks us why we had only tipped her 7%. After going over, in detail, who tipped how much, she deliberated that my friend's bill of $11 and tip of $2 was around 12% and that my other friend's bill of $9 and tip of $1.50 was less than 7%. I don't know if she just sucked at math, or something, but I also added on a tip of $4 to a $20 bill of my own. She didn't see it like that and confronted us. First of all, I've eaten out a lot and I have worked as a waitress. You don't go an confront your customers basically blaming them for not paying you what you wanted and asking for more. Then after seeing me pack half of my food away, we left and I forgot my box. I turned around and went back in to grab it. Oh but they had conveniently tossed my box out. The service, HORRIBLE. I would give it a negative if I could. The food, average. There are better places out there that are cheaper and more authentic. For a mexican place in Arizona, they could have done something that put them above the rest. I should have just gone to Cornish Pasty Co. next door.
5	Love the Queso Chicken Stacked Enchiladas. About five of us go and always order the same thing.
1	Horrible, totally disgusting food. The waiter asked how the food was and asked us if we wanted boxes, being we took about two bites of our meal. We laughed and said no boxes, please...insinuating, the food is horrible. He smiled and discretely nodded in agreement, he knew the food was horrible too and works there. I don't know who would even run a restaurant with gross food , what's the point in running a crappy restaurant. The water tasted like sewage even after adding 6 lemon wedges to it. A Mexican restaurant that is too cheap to provide customers with bottles of habanero sauce or even tobasco for that matter. The food tastes so horrible they should at least provide that. Crappiest joint I've ever been. I'm laying in bed at a hotel with a rubber boot settling in my tummy.
2	First of all, the lack of cleanliness makes me wonder what the kitchen looks like. I don't usually pay attention to decorations but when you open up to a dirty food stained menu then you begin to question the rest of the place. The fabric on the booths are greasy from everyone's heads. The ceiling and surrounding walls are stained and dusty and looks like it hasn't been touched since 1979. They have Dos Equis on tap for happy hour which was cold. The chips are blah, the salsa was chunky but flavorless. I ordered the green chili burrito. For 8.95 it was pretty small and plain. The green chili sauce unfortunately was canned. Come on! When will there be a Mexican place that makes authentic slow cooked green chili?? I'm a white girl and could do better! At least the beers cheap but there's really nothing special here. Hopefully I don't get food poisoning. Clean it up!
4	We decided to give Rosita's a second chance and I'm glad we did!  The chips and salsa are excellent here. I ordered the Monday night special - chicken fajitas burro and it was delicious. Much better than anything I've ever ordered in the past. It came with rice and beans that were.....fine. The rice could use some help.One person in our party ordered the green corn tamales - she did not care for them. My husband said the fajitas beef burro was good. My daughter inhaled her kid's grande plate that was fill of mini tacos, tostada, rolled tacos, etc.  My son ordered the beef chimi. He said it was good, but soggy. I definitely agree with other reviewers - this place needs a major face lift and deep cleaning. The restrooms are a disaster. Very casual atmosphere. The service was fine, but not great.  Nothing to compliment but nothing do big as to complain.
2	I had a tamale combo here with a friend. It was okay, I've had much better for around $12. The tamale was kind of "fluffy," there was hardly any meat inside. Beans were very standard, chips and salsa were okay. The water was absolutely horrible though. It tasted like how sewage would taste.I probably wouldn't come back.
3	I consider three stars a safe visit. Some people loved it, some people hated it.That's life! It was a average restaurant. The chicken enchiladas were  OK. They didn't have a lot of taste. I didn't really like the beef tamale. It was too thick and lacked taste. The margarita was drinkable. I agree with the Yelpers...The salsa was DELICIOUS! You can't mess up rice and beans. My partner said that his chimichanga was OK.If I lived in Tempe and lived close to there, I would probably go back. As a visitor, I won't go out of my way to go there during any visits to the Phoenix area.
3	Rosita's was the ONLY place to go for great Mexican food when I was younger...but now it's average at best.  The spinach enchiladas are fantastic but the green corn tamale was tasteless...the fideo was watery like soup...not like it used to be.  At least the water is now filtered to some extent.   My biggest complaint was near the end of our meal...someone lit up a cigarette (wasnt the bar...maybe a cook?) and choked my 83 yo mom and I..we had to leave quickly.  When I complained all I got was "cigarettes?  I dont smell anything".   Rosita would should be turning in her grave!If the health inspector had been there, that place would have been shut down.
3	I love Mexican food and this place is the closest Mexican restaurant to me and that's the main reason I go there. The food is generally pretty good but on multiple occasions I've gone there at later hours and noticed the chips to be extremely stale to the point where you can't really eat them. The salsa is good but not my favorite. The entrees I've had are always the best part though, which it always should be. I typically get the stacked enchiladas with shredded beef, which is good but could have more flavor, with rice and beans. On other occasions I've had a chicken chimichanga which was also good. Compared to some other Mexican restaurants, I can say there are other tastes out there that I prefer. If they could make sure to have fresh chips and salsa the entire time they're open, I'd give them at least one more star. The food is good, but isn't out of this world amazing. I will be returning and plan on being a repeat customer thanks to the proximity of the restaurant to my house, and good service.
4	Great family friendly place. A Tempe tradition for generations.  Great chips and salsa.  The mole enchiladas are my favorite.  Very good rice and beens. Friendly staff who remember regulars.
1	Used to come here at least weekly, food is ok but they where cool and had good prices on patron and had a good poor, except last night, we always have two drinks with dinner " we live in the neighborhood and walk home" and how , first  one was a little short and I noticed  it was some one else working the bar, so we ordered another and when they showed up it was half the size of the first one that was barley 1.5 oz. So we complained very nicely and they didn't do nothing, no refund on the crapy shots, no new shot, nothing. And when I told them I wouldn't be coming back ever again because they didn't fix their problem, they didn't care and kept saying that so annoying word :im sorry"  Never again, my tab is always over a hundred and now I will not ever go back over 3.00 of Patron and Ill make sure everyone of my customers and friends and family do not support them or places like that , that think its ok to act like you work at wal-mart
2	We've been here a bunch but I feel like it's a little bit overpriced and most recently found a big long black hair in the hot sauce. The server apologized and said the manager would come over but he never did.  It's like they could care less about their customers.  I'm sticking with Los Olivos in Old Town Scottsdale for the best ever tacos!
3	Came here with a couple of co-workers for lunch who don't seem the adventurous type, though everybody always says they are.  It's a pretty standard Mexican food restaurant that you can find just about anywhere.  There is nothing standout about the menu, other than the fact they call their burritos "burros" which we were all pretty sure meant donkey.  You get the standard chips and salsa.  There is a big lunch menu with lots of options.  They charge for just about anything extra.  The server was good and made sure to take care of us before he got to a very large group so we wouldn't have to wait.  I wouldn't not come back here; but there are so many options that I wouldn't necessarily seek out this place either.
2	This isn't bad if you want cheap and convenient and greasy Mexican food. I live in walking distance and a few friends and I go sometimes. Their happy hour is cheap (dollar off margs and 1/2 price appetizers). The margarita is weak and corn syrupy though. The interior is run down, and that can be charming if a place has out-of-this-world authentic and fresh food, but this is sub-par and have had much better cheap Mexican. The salsa is fresh and delicious, and that's what it mainly has going for it. The chips are usually a bit stale. They douse everything in cheese. The best item I've gotten is the spinach enchiladas, which I recommend if you're hard up for Mexican and end up here. I go if I'm bored and don't want to drive or bike anywhere -- convenience, but I would rather make my own Mexican at home (which is sad that as a Kentucky boy I feel like I can do better). I expect so much more out of Mexican food places in this part of the country and have had mind-blowingly better than this even in Kentucky.
1	Filiberto food with high restaurant prices. Tried it once before and thought maybe I got something bad. But I was wrong. This is just average mexican good posing as fine food. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good Mexican food. I would recommend restaurant Mexico on mill if you want great Mexican food that doesn't try to church up it's prices
1	This place is a joke. Second time I've been in here and they have charged me for items placed on my plate. I was charged $2.50 for small dribble of onions $2.50 and for refried beans which I ate in four bites. They charged me for rice and green Chile.  By the time I got out of there with a ice tea drink I was charged over $20 for a very simple small meal. The waitress was running from one area to the other area and was extremely slow getting to our table. There was nobody attending the bar area and we were there for 30 minutes and never seen anybody in that area.
2	Was going to give this place three stars before the bill came for $40 for two people with no alcohol. There is good food here but the rice is awful and so is the carne asada. Stick to chips and guacamole and you will be fine
1	What happened?!?!? This use to be my favorite Mexican spot near campus, but apparently it's heading downhill fast.  Went in for a quick bite around 8, the restaurant was almost empty, but the three servers still seemed way to busy to be bothered with my order.  Ten minutes to take an order is ridiculous.  Once my food finally hit the table, it was another 12 mins before I found the bus boy to track down my server because my order was wrong.  The food is consistently average, but the service is just awful right now.
4	I've been to Rosita's quite a few times now and it's consistently pretty good. Salsa gets brought to your table within a minute of being seated and tastes great. The last time I got the fajita quesadilla and their sangria margarita (special of the day) and both were excellent!! Especially the sangria margarita. It really hit the spot during the warm evenings of Tempe.As far as the staff goes, they're very friendly most of the time. It was only once that my server seemed very annoyed to have to serve tables. I haven't seen them since.On the downside, I do not recommend the guacamole. It's similar to an avocado paste or puree, which is a bummer. It could be as delicious as everything else and is significantly worse. I had to mix in some salsa to enjoy it at all.All in all, I think it's a good Mexican place that's unassuming, friendly, and quiet. Nothing too special, but I don't think you'll be disappointed.
1	Never again rositas!! My husband and I ordered some food for take-out Monday night for mindless football grub. We ordered two carne asada burritos, one with black beans and rice, and two beef tacos a la carte. The tacos were $5 a piece, and we're tiny! I'm sorry, but for $5 I could buy a much better taco at a gourmet taco restaurant. The burritos were also small and over-priced at $9.95. The black beans were an absolute joke; they literally emptied a can of beans into a container, with all the fluid that should be discarded when rinsing beans. Neither of us took a bite of those, and they ended up right in the trashcan.  The chips that came with our order were completely stale and chewy. The meat inside the burrito was tasty, so they can keep one star. Next time I want crappy Mexican food, I'll head to fillibertos and save myself $30.
3	Our meal started out great with tasty margaritas and above-average nachos. The real downfall was the chicken tostada, which was made with canned chicken!  Seriously, neither of us could eat it. To add insult to injury, our waiter totally forgot about us so it took 45 minutes to get the check. At least they told the lousy tostada off the check!
3	Solid lunch if you want mexican food. I like the flautas and beef burritos.  Good chips and salsa as well.  Not the best around but definitely not the worst.
2	This place first of all is way over priced for simple food, service is poor and the food just has no taste, I had the  chicken enchiladas lunch special the only good thing was the size of the enchiladas were decent but the bad is only one side for 10 buck rice or beans all Mexican places come with both...also had a burger but they wanna charge 2.50 for fries that should come in my 11$ dollar plate .. I went in a group of people from work nobody was happy
4	I go there for lunch often.  The food has always been great, and we're able to get in and out in time to get back to work in time, atmosphere is casual...not a fancy place, but it's comfortable.  Service can be great or not that great depending on the server...but overall, we love it and will keep going back.
