5	REALLLLLLY!!!! Finally!  Japanese style crepes in Vegas?!?!?For those of you who are so loveable that you have read my reviews in other states, you know I have a thing for hand held crepes.  My favorite place is Sophie's in San Francisco's Japantown, a place I went daily on my most recent Bay Area vacation (I posted a pic with my review of my eating the coveted green tea ice cream red bean paste matcha sauce crepe).  Then last summer in Seattle, I made my co-vacationers go to a mall just so I could try Unicone.Needless to say, I had no idea based on the picture on yelp that the crepes would be hand held.  I just went because I knew it would at least smell good in a place that makes crepes and waffles!  Heading in there today, I learned that Crepe Shack opened 3 days ago.  Owner Li is a young entrepreneur with a big colorful space and lots of restaurant experience.  We talked at length about the business idea, his support of other new businesses and food trucks, and sushi (because we all love it mmm).He is working out supplier issues so more toppings and ice cream flavors are to come, but for now, there is still a great selection.  I enjoyed a crepe with fresh strawberries and kiwi, shredded coconut, and almonds.  It was a really good treat, sweet and tasted healthy.  Li told me the batter is meant to taste fortune-cookie-esque, and it did.  This is a really fun place for a "healthy sweet tooth" craving.  If you track me down at the Yelp Seats kickoff on Tuesday, Li gave me a stack of 15% off cards that I can hand out!  Bon appetit!
5	Awesome, affordable Crepes! Many different combos. Ate there this morning with my special lady friend we both left with smiles on our faces. We will be back.
4	It's at the end of the shopping center where trader joes is. Pretty big place & friendly service. I had the "mix" which had strawberry, bananas, and kiwis (with strawberry ice-cream). It's like a crepe burrito but shaped more like an ice cream cone. It's quite good and mad props for having mexican coke with real sugar. Go ahead and drop by; I don't think you'll be disappointed.
2	Well, after waiting months for it to open, I was a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the freshness and quality are great for the price, but it still is a bit lacking. It really wasn't enough of a "breakfast/lunch" type menu. No meats really, everything is virtually cold. Most of the items are a "build your own" option, and if not guided by an employee, the finished products can be boring.  Ordered:*Bananas with Waffle. It was just that. Plain but fresh. Should have added ice cream or whipped cream. *Crepe with Apples, Almonds & Caramel Sauce. Caramel was runny, and settled in the bottom of the cone, leaving the rest dry. But fresh none the less.* Chocolate Chip Waffle with ice cream & Bananas Foster Crepe. Suggestions & Comments:- Need real utensils. Eating waffles with plastic forks is not good. - Some food just needs to be warm. The crepes are cold, fillings and fruit are cold... maybe get a griddle or electric skillet, or even a microwave to eat toppings. An offering of meat toppings would be good too. Eggs, sausage, bacon, etc... - Offer a plated crepe option so they can be eaten more evenly.- Food is messy. add napkins/holders/wetnaps on each table. - Employees need to suggest items or give samples. Several customers came in, read the menu, and then left. :(Overal, I don't think I'll be returning any time soon unless they're are some BIG changes. I do appreciate the freshness and quality for the price. I'd happily bring my vegetarian toddler here for a quality treat afterschool. And that is a good thing :) better to take the kids hear then just about every local fast food joint.
5	Yummy!!  I went here 2 weeks ago and it was really good.  Customer Service was excellent.  Way to go guys!I had the Crepe  with cheesecake bites, ice cream and berries.  I have never had a Japanese Crepe before and they now have a fan.
5	This place is awesome.. The crepe I ordered was chocolotety.. Nutella, chocolate ice cream and chocolate toppings.. I loved it!-Kyle, 7 years old
5	Was in the mood for waffles and found this place on Yelp. Decided it was a must try based on the reviews. Wow, did not disappoint! Had the bananas foster waffle with a scoop of birthday cake ice cream, good stuff! Staff is very friendly and helpful especially if it's your first time.
4	Went here last weekend and got an original waffle w/ nutella, bananas and almonds. It was really yummy!Everyone in my group got an different type and all though they were yum-0!The place had fairly good foot traffic which was awesome considering it is a locally owned place. the only thing i thought was weird is they have real plates but plastic utensils.Ill be back and have told my coworkers about it!
5	Super impressed!  The food was delicious, the staff was friendly, and the place is very clean.  I'd never experienced Japanese crepes before, and I'm pleased to report I have a new favorite.  Not so heavy as to make you stuffed, but sweet enough to satisfy.  I had the Elvis, which is a crepe with banana, peanut butter, and ice cream.  I also tried the yogurt parfait, which was well done, and I got to pick my fruits, which I liked.It's great to have something new and different in my neighborhood.  Also, they stay open late, so check them out!
5	Yea! We finally made it to Crepe Shack & Waffles! Where to begin? First off, the spotless place is painted color block style in the bright cheery colors you'd expect from a ice cream/dessert place. It's gets a bit of extra character from super high ceilings with some exposed ductwork, and those bright walls, which are cinder block.The staff is very friendly and helpful...my youngest, choosing to be a pain, couldn't decide what to get, and was only making the weakest attempt at reading the extensive menu. Instead of being annoyed with her (as I was), the lady asked her a few questions about her favorite flavors and set her up with a waffle with raspberries, blueberries (Tickle Me Berry) and coffee ice cream. It was a surprise win. My oldest had no problem, going for the Camp Out S'more waffle... mini marshmallows, graham cracker crumbles and chocolate sauce. She chose chocolate ice cream and wordlessly devoured the thing with amazing precision. My honey and I decided to split one of their signature hand held Japanese crepes. We went for the Make Me Swirl...cheesecake chunks, strawberries and blueberries, and chose strawberry ice cream. It was beyond fresh, and oh so delicious! We were regretting not being hungry enough to order one for each of us, as we were dying to try the East Meets West..red bean, condensed milk and mochi bites. Ah well, next time. There will definitely be a next time!I would like to clear up any confusion one might have about Crepe Shack & Waffles. This is a DESSERT place!!! When you walk in, it screams dessert. You'll read reviews bemoaning the fact that they have nothing savory. You can smell the crepes from the parking lot...nothing about it says lunch. Now the crepes...these are Japanese crepes, not the French sort. They're lightly sweet, somewhat reminiscent of a fortune cookie in flavor, but very tender. They roll your selections up in a hand held cone. They have coffees, teas, etc, but we had our treats and dashed. They're right next to Trader Joes, so stop and get a crepe first...it'll keep you from impulse buying at Traders. Never shop hungry!
4	This place is great! I really enjoyed the crepe and the staff were very friendly. I would give it five stars if they offered sorbet or another non-dairy frozen alternative. Overall though, I enjoyed my crepe and will return.
4	I've wanted to try Japanese-style crepes for a while after learning about their existence through reviews on Yelp LA (Yes, I like to peruse the eats of other cities...). Sadly, Vegas is slow on food trends...forcing me to look at pictures (like this http://bit.ly/h42u9L and this http://bit.ly/ftAs5D) of these crepes to satisfy my craving. Just in the nick of time before I was about to attempt to create my own Japanese crepe in my kitchen, Crepe Shack & Waffles popped up in my neighborhood next to my beloved Trader Joe's. And reading all the fabulous reviews, I knew I had to make a visit to this shop ASAP. With friend by my side, I visited Crepe Shack & Waffles for a sweet dinner treat. The place is super clean and roomy with high ceilings, colorful walls & a minimalist feel. Perfectly designed to cater to the rush of high school students who come by this place after school and during the night to hang out. Plus 1 for free wi-fi! Upon walking in, we were greeted by one of the workers who explained how the menu and ordering process worked. My friend and I both decided to order from the Specialty menu rather than the DIY menu, as the Specialty Crepes are a much better deal in terms of price. I chose the Tickle Me Berry (Strawberry, Raspberry & Blueberry) Specialty Crepe w/ Green Tea ice cream and no whipped cream, and w/ my Yelp discount I paid less than $5 for this wonderful cone of yumminess. Owner Li and I started talking about his business, Yelp & such, while he was making my crepe. He told me that he wanted to make his crepe batter reminiscent in flavor to a fortune cookie with the addition of more vanilla,  compared to regular crepes which are more eggy in taste. Great decision! I'd much rather taste more vanilla than more egg. Anyways, after Li added fresh strawberries, blueberries & YELLOW raspberries (!) and a scoop of ice cream into my crepe, he rolled it up in a cone and handed me this piece of food art. Being a Japanese-crepe newbie, I thought the crepe was meant to be eaten w/ a fork at first, but then I realized "utensils not required" as it's meant to be eaten like how you would eat an ice cream cone. I took my first bite and was impressed. The crepe itself was thin, soft, airy & slightly chewy all at the same time. The flavor of the crepe was sweet but not too sweet, the berries were fresh (I wanted more berries...) & the ice cream was just the right amount of sweetness. All these elements harmonized well with each other, resulting in a concoction that left my sweet tooth satisfied and not aching. I felt less guilty about eating this somehow. My favorite part of the crepe was the last bites before it disappeared, as the slightly melted ice cream combined w/ the remaining fruit and the crepe made for the last perfect bites. I'll be back again with friends in the near future. Not just for the yummy crepes but for the friendly service as well. I hope this place sticks around for a while.
4	I like anything with fresh fruit and ice cream so, that made me a fan already.  Environment and Structure: Clean and cool, bright, and fun decor.  Although I did notice maintenance paper covering some windows all the way towards the ceiling.  Maybe they weren't done renovating? Free Wi-Fi to do homework/study which is a major plus =)  There's a glass separation between you and the crepe-making table so you can see your order being made.  What I disliked about it was how tall it was.  I could barely hear the employee on the other side of the bar and I couldn't speak to her either.  There are shirts hanging on the wall for self-promotion.  And they're pretty cute if you're a serious fan and you want to purchase them.Customers: Not busy the day I visited, but the owner (who personally made the crepes my friend and I had ordered) said it was a slow day.  There's usually more people.  This crowd consisted of people in their teens to early 20's.  Since my friend and I were first-timers, one of the customers even suggested her favorites to us.  That was nice of her.Service: Very nice employees who seem eager to help.  But the cashier seemed annoyed because I think I was talking to him too much.  For the impatient people, these crepes take time.  The crepes are made and fruits are sliced to order so it'll take a while if you're on the go.  I wouldn't go here if you've got only 3 minutes til you have to get to work. And imagine if there was a long line...The Food: Fluffy crepe batter.  Fresh fruit.  Yummy and cold ice cream.  Did I say fresh fruit?  It was wrapped in a paper cone which annoyed me because 1) the paper is thick to rip apart and 2) I kept biting into it.  But otherwise, it's a sturdy holder for your crepe.  I would definitely love to come here again because it was delicious and the people are nice and helpful.  Plus, fruit is yummy.
4	When I want to pretend to be fancy and French, crepes always fill that spot. I have tried the waffles, they are too soft and airy. They lack the density and crispiness of a Belgium waffle. They lack the density and crispiness of a regular waffle. While I did not enjoy the waffles too much, I love their crepes. This is where they truly excel, because the crepes are so light and delicious. I would eat a whole one without batting an eye, but I never allow myself to. No matter how badly I want to be selfish, I make myself share this treat because they are rather large. For half the price of any crepe place on the strip, you get more. The crepes are packed with freshly cut fruit, ice cream, and whip cream. My favorite is the Rebel which has strawberries, bananas, and nutella with vanilla ice cream is sensational. I want to go back to get the east meets west with green tea. I am a sucker for Asian flavors. Overall, if you are in the neighborhood, check it out. Even if you have to go a little out of your way it is still worth it. The staff are tremendously friendly. They brief you that it might take a little while since everything is made to order. I appreciate this small gesture instead of just letting you wait.
5	We went back last night, the place was jumpin' busy and the staff handled it, no prob. We were greeted and welcomed back when we walked in, and hey, that's always nice, right? Our crepes were delicious again! Kid one got the Camp Out S'more with coffee ice cream and loved it. Kid two got the Rebel Special with vanilla ice cream. I assume she liked it because I never saw her eat it. Poof! Gone.  I had the Make Me Swirl with raspberry sorbet (YEA!!!), and it was divine! It's going to be hard to stay away! :)
5	Tried the east meets west with green tea ice cream. It was orgasmic. The amount of filling that they use in their crepes is astonishing. I did not know if I should have stopped the gentleman as he was slathering my crepe with asuki beans, followed by a constant stream of condensed milk. I decided not to and it was a good decision. Although it might not be the healthiest, I do not regret my decision. The sweetness of those fillings, plus my green tea ice cream and mochi bites balanced out well with the crepe. My only wish was there was more ice cream, but there wouldn't have been room for it even if I had ordered it. My friend ordered the original with green tea ice cream. That was rather delicious. It is bananas, nutella, and almonds. I had forgotten about the contents when I stole a bite and was shocked with the contrast in textures. It is not unpleasant, but seeing as how I went from a thoroughly smooth crepe to this one, I was thrown off guard. The more often I go here, the better it gets. I believe it is the owner that makes the crepes. He is very friendly, in fact the whole staff is. He often asks about the guests opinion and talks about ways he plans on improving his desserts. It is refreshing to see such enthusiasm for growth and improvement. I will be back.
5	I've loved crepes ever since I ate one from a street vendor in Paris.  The lightness, the fluffyness, the myriad of options to put on top or in it.  Delectable.The shop is pretty minimal, with pastels on the wall and menus on flatscreens.  I think people are tired of climbing up on ladders to change prices.  You can make your own crepe (with high number of combinations possible), or pick one of the combos.  I'm not a fan of many berries, so I partook in the Classic with a scoop of Green Tea ice cream.Keep in mind that crepes do take a while to come out, but it's being made right in front of you: the batter is spread and cooked, the fruit is peeled and chopped, the ice cream is scooped, and the entire thing rolled up in a cone.  It's placed in a paper cone as well, but keep in mind it's a warm treat with ice cream in it.  Melt will happen.Although I don't agree with David S that the crepe made me jizz in my pants, it was wholesomely good.  If you've never had green tea ice cream before, you're missing out.  It's vaguely sweet, with the undertone of tea that contrasts the sweet with its slight bitterness.  The classic already had nutella and bananas in it, so that's enough sweet for me.Check in on Yelp and you will get 10% off, but be kind and drop at least that much in the tip jar.  The folks that work here are very warm and friendly, and it's not the easiest thing to make.Never had a waffle here, but why would you have one when you can get a crepe?!What's your cost for this exotic French treat? 5. 5 dollar.  5 dollar footlong.It's ca-ca-ca-catching on.
4	We were in the area and I was feeling on a snack and saw some of my Yelp friends check into the Crepe Shack so I decided to get crepe-y and be creepy. I didn't find my friends, but I found some treats to fill in the need for a afternoon snack. I got the East Meets West: red bean, mochi bits, condensed milk and green tea ice cream. I forgot how messy Japanese crepes was, but it was fun eating it. The flavors all went really well together and the crepe was good. It's a little less crisp than some of the crepe places I like (like Sophies in SFO), but good flavor and chewy.The BF is more of a waffle person so he got a Bananas Foster: bananas, cinnamon powder, caramel, whip cream, ice cream. It was good toppings, but since they are using the crepe batter the texture is less than ideal. It was dense and wasn't crispy enough. The BF thinks next time he will order a crepe instead since that wasn't what he looks for in a waffle. The staff is really friendly. The owner was the one who rang us up and saw my Yelp check-in offer and asked about how often I used it, asked what I thought of the crepe, etc. Seems like the type of owner who is responsive to customers feedback. They're fairly new, but it seems they are getting into a groove.We live way across town, but definitely a place I can see myself stopping by again when we're in the area.
5	After all my Yelp friends were raving about this place I had to give it a whirl. I glanced at the menu online and fell in love with about 5 different crepes (which you can make into waffles as well)....so as you can imagine I was excited to try this place out.The minute we get there I couldn't have been happier. We were warmly greeted by Sandra and Lee (I think he's the owner). They explained the whole Japanese crepe thing to me and I was even more sold. I asked for help on deciding between the Elvis (peanut butter, banana and honey) or the Bananas Foster (banana, brown sugar, caramel and cinnamon). Sandra, without hesitation, blurted out Bananas Foster (gotta love her). Then I asked what kind of ice cream (they have a few you can choose from)...she said vanilla would be my best bet too. I was already going for broke on the calorie meter so I thought I would add whipped cream just because she said its good (and it was included in the price). OMGOODNESS! The fruit was so fresh, the caramel, brown sugar and cinnamon were perfect compliments, the ice cream and whipped cream was delightful and the crepe shell was perfect (not to sweet but not flavorless). They formed it into a cone shape which held the ingredients together perfectly. They also wrapped it in a paper...which was a bit hard to unravel...but I eventually figured it out. I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK. Everything was amazing. Thank you Lee, Sandra and Alex...your hospitality and food are wonderful.
5	Addicted to this place! Brought my whole family here and they have yet to make me look bad! Considering I live in Aliante area and this is in Henderson should yell people something! I skip 5 other places to come here! I always make my own and always with ice cream...
4	This place is a little industrial, smells like heaven and is loaded with wonderful goodies. It would have gotten a five star if only it had savory crepes. I'm still missing crepes a gogo in the bay area, so I guess I'm just being whiney, but I would love a really good savory crepe.    The sweet crepes here are awesome. They pile them high as can be with fruit and goodness. I even added a pic of my crepe. As my sister would say nom nom nom. Give it a go! Don't forget that check in deal wowee!
5	Words cannot even express how this place has changed my view on crepes. I am not even a crepe fan at all. Normally I do not enjoy the taste nor the texture of most crepes I've tried in the past. Most crepes have this eggy taste, which I don't like at all. I was actually going to order a waffle, but according to fellow yelpers they do not recommend it. So what the heck, I ordered the apple a la mode crepe. I noticed while waiting, the waffles often broke in the waffle maker and the guy behind the counter had to make a new one each time that happened. What a hassle, made me feel bad for him because I know how much of pain it is when that kind of thing happens. Now on to the crepe! I had high expectations for this place to begin with because everyone I knew who lived in Henderson had already been here. In addition, all the reviews on yelp were good. As I mentioned earlier I ordered the apple a la mode crepe and I was in absolute awe within the first bite. The combination of ice cream, apple, gram cracker, whipped cream was absolutely amazing. The crispness from apples and the crunch of the gram cracker was a nice combination. Plus the ice cream and whipped cream was like a glue that blended everything nicely together inside the crepe. The texture of the crepe was smooth like silk (yes, I am serious!) and the taste of it was not eggy at all. Back in January I had a crepe from Jean Philippe Patisserie in Bellagio and I probably liked this crepe from Crepe Shack more. To top it off, I think eating it in your hand rather than on a plate with fork makes it a more enjoyable experience. Woot! Can't wait to come back to try the banana foster and east meets west crepes.
4	Cool and adventurous!If you like something different and fun, try this place out.1.  Crepe - Enjoy the story of how the crepe is made and the freshness as it is created right in front of you.2.  Fillings - Watch as they put the freshest possible fillings into your crepe.3.  Fun - The team doing this seem to have a lot of fun and are totally committed to the experience!The experience and hip ambiance is the key to this rating!  The crepes were okay, but I am just not a big fan in general, so don't take my word for the taste side.....
5	My pregnant sister was craving crepes for the longest & 1 of our friends told us about this place so we decided to check it out after dinner. As I came in, I smelled something wonderful & sweet. Even though I was kind of full from eating at Montesano's Italian Eateria nearby, my stomach got excited again & my mouth started watering w/ the aroma. I got such a bad sweet tooth.The place was so clean & had that cute modern look. Very friendly staff. Very reasonably priced. There were so many options on the menu. Everything sounded good. We ended w/ the Cookie Monster, Banana Foster & the Elvis crepes w/ vanilla ice cream. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The cookie monster was my favorite. It was like eating that Half Baked ice cream by Ben & Jerry's but 100x's better. OMFG! I seriously want to come back again today. I'm in love. It's my first time having a crepe in shape of a cone w/ ice cream. I can't believe I've been missing out all this time. So thankful for my sister's pregnancy cravings. Next time I'm going to try either the Rebel or Tickle me Berry w/ the green tea ice cream. The Maui Fever sounds good too. I'm so excited for my next visit!
5	Yum, yum, yum!!!! What a good find.. I hope more of these places start popping up around Henderson. The word, crepe turns my head, so I definitely had to stop here. I like that its a Japanese style crepe, which took me by surprise. They serve it to you in a cone, free from a plate, fork, and knife! Its made to eat on the go, wrapped in paper... and does NOT drip or run! I see some people don't like the paper wrapping or the way it's served...  all I have to say is embrace the culture!The staff is super friendly, patient, and willing to help you out. I was asked if it was my first time, and they thoroughly explained everything. All crepes are made fresh, starting from the crepe, then they cut up fresh fruit in front of you (no pre-cut fruits here!!!). Ice cream and whipped cream are included, but you can replace your ice cream with an extra topping... if I comprehended correctly. When it came to decision making I got the banana's foster with vanilla ice cream inside mmm mm mm. And my friend got "one of the most popular" Rebel ___ (I'm drawing a blank on what it was called!). Two great crepes for $10.50.They were both jam packed with filling and there was no skimping out!! While we were enjoying, we were even asked if we wanted anymore sauces!!! I was perfectly content with my crepe... the best part was definitely the bottom where all the extra melting goodness mixed together, and I was definitely surprised it didn't drip from the bottom.I will 100% be back ready to try another flavor!!!
4	I love crepes so much that my husband and I went all the way to the other side of town to give this place a try! I was expecting a breakfast place that served eggs and hash browns with your crepes. I was wrong but these crepes are worth the trip. They make the crepes in front of you and they are very light and non greasy. I had fruit and mint and chip ice cream in mine. It was good because they don't overload the ingredients. You can also take it to go because it's rolled up into a cone shape like an ice cream cone. They need one of these in Summerlin!
4	Went here today for a surprise ice cream date with my bf. He got out of work really early and was needing some sugar. I had been raving about this place and suggested it instead of the usual Dairy Queen or Mr. D's. As usual we walk in and the lovely young man describes their concept for my man. He is down for the Apple A La Mode crepe and I branched out and got the East Meets West crepe. Both were good. I must admit that his was better. Mine wasn't bad but the consistency kinda weirded me out (they did the crepe right...I just had a different thought in my head when I ordered it). So I definitely won't be getting that one again but the service, quality of ingredients and overall value still rock. The only reason its getting 4 stars is because I wasn't blown away by my crepe but I will definitely be back again soon. I must start working my way down the menu.
5	On a wonderful night out went to the Crepe Shack & Waffles to get dessert.  I have to say the place impressed me!  The decor inside the place is rather spartan but don't let that stop you from ordering one of the most delicious crepes you will have a chance to eat.  Since this was the first time I had been there I asked the staff what were some of the more popular flavors.  Then I ordered the Banana's Foster and my hubby ordered the Camp Out (basically a smore).  We both got the crepes filled with whipped cream and vanilla ice cream.  It was YUM!!!  The crepe was freshly made (right in front of me) and then filled with bananas, brown sugar, caramel sauce,  whipped cream, and vanilla ice cream.  Then the crepe is folded up into a cone.  Eating the crepe reminded me of eating a waffle cone but instead of a hard cone it was a soft, warm, yummy crepe!If you have time go and check out the Crepe Shack!  It is in the same shopping center as K-Mart and Trader Joes on Easter.  The Crepe Shack its on the end of the shopping center and I recommend sitting outside if the weather is nice.  You have a good view of the city!  :D
5	We were not sure what to expect from the Crepe Shack but we decided to give it a shot. SO glad we did! The crepe and the waffle were spectacular. Bananas, ice cream, strawberries, almonds, YUM! I know that I will be back!
5	Holy crepe! I love this place. So much so that I went two days in a row. The crepes are delicious, the people are cool, and the crepes are delicious!I didn't really know what "Japanese Crepe" meant, but I am all in. They explained that the batter is less eggy and this results in a crepe that kind of tastes like a fortune cookie. I'd have to agree. On my first visit, I went with the Strawberry Sensation (strawberries/cheesecake/strawberry syrup) with strawberry ice cream. Yum! The next day, I went with the Rebel Special (strawberry/banana/nutella) with green tea ice cream. This combination didn't match the previous day, but it was still good. The crepe is rolled into what resembles an ice cream cone. So with the scoop of ice cream in there, it basically feels like you are eating an ice cream cone.Make sure you check in on your Yelp app to get 10% off your crepe. Make sure to also get your punch card to get your tenth one free. I usually don't fill up punch cards, but I can see this place getting repeat visits from me, despite how far south it is located.I haven't tried their waffles and I probably never will. But for a delicious crepe snack/dessert, five stars all the way!
5	Dear Lord...I was lost and then I was found after having the Camp Out S'more Japanese Crepe. The marshmallows, graham cracker crumbs, chocolate sauce, whipped cream and vanilla ice cream were like a dessert nirvana. It was quite crowded when we went at 1:30pm....the local school was getting out. I was impressed how quickly the staff worked and we had our crepes within 7 min...which is a perfectly acceptable wait time in my mind. Also...I must commend the kids...they were all well behaved and very respectful...nice to see. Will be back VERY soon for the Camp Out S'more.
3	Japanese style crepes? Say what?? I had the pleasure to experience this Japanese delight and let's just say that maybe my selection wasn't all that great but everyone else seemed to enjoy theirs. We went towards closing so there was hardly anyone there. Overall the place is clean but nothing that wows you when you walk in. I will admit that the bathrooms have pepto colored walls that it can stir up a bowel movement...just sayin'.Anyways  moving on to the crepe, they're made to order so they're as fresh as it can come. Picture Cold Stone but with hand held crepes (waffle cone style). The scent of crepes lingers in the air and takes you to that delighful moment of bliss. They have a pre-made menu to select from or you can make your own. Truthfully, it's cheaper to choose their menu than to make your own.Well I choose the one with caramel, brownie bites and marshmellows. Sugar shock indeed! The crepe was light and fluffy that it had a soft fortune cookie taste (as Paolo stated in prevvious review). Luckily they give you whatever ice cream flavor you want and whip cream so I played it safe by picking vanilla. Surprisingly I wasn't a big fan of it. I felt that they should have combined the items together instead of keep them separate. I didn't like having a bite of just marshmellows then the next bite was just brownie. It didn't please the palate very well. I knew I should of stayed with the Strawberry Sensation crepe! In the end, this is a great place to get dessert crepes but in my opinion I would stick with the ones that offer some type of fruit as it balances out better than one with brownie or marshmellows. I only wish they offered non-dessert like crepes then I might give it 5-stars!
5	All I can say is.... " I CAN'T GET ENOUGH"!   No matter how full I may be from Dinner.... I always find room for my crepe.   This place is amazing.... nothing like it in town.  Very friendly staff, great menu selection....  My favorite is the Rebel special, my kids and husband like the create your own.   Highly recommend you trying it!
4	So, after a very large meal at Monstah Lobstah, I felt like my sweet to savory ratio was a little off. I remembered that this place was in the area and I've been dying to try it, so we stopped in for a little dessert.My fella and I decided to share a Rebel Crepe (Japanese crepe filled with banana, strawberry, nutella and an ice cream of our choice - butter pecan). We got our order and started sharing! Everyone has described the flavor of the crepe as a little like a fortune cookie, but I would say it tastes more like a soft version of a sugar cone. Either way, it was delightful and not overly sweet. Since I prefer my desserts a little on the less sweet side, I probably would prefer this treat without the ice cream, but it did add a bit of interesting flavor punch to this dessert. About halfway through sharing my fella decided he wanted his own dessert and ordered his next crepe with banana, strawberry and white chocolate. He loved this one even more. I wasn't able to finish my entire crepe, but so might be a great idea to share if you're not super super hungry. All in all, great little dessert spot. I'd come back if I'm in the area.
5	As good as it gets for an afternoon sugar fix! :)
5	My favorite dessert place in town. The waffles are amazing. Everything is fresh not overly sweet just very good. The owners are supper nice.
5	CREPES! i've only had crepes in california when i'd visit cousins and i liked the warm/cold dessert treat. i was really excited to hear about crepeshack being open for a good while now and so i stopped in to give them a try! i ordered the rebel sensation? i think sensation? i'm not sure, but it was nutella, strawberry, banana and vanilla ice cream. the staff was so polite when asking their personal faves and what they think would best fit my tasty needs. my rebel sensation was to die! i loved every bite. just the right thinly sliced fruit that fit into every bite was yummayy. nutella wasn't overdone, just the right amount of spread. and the ice cream was vanilla. can't complain about vanilla ice cream. my friend orderd the brown sugar one with i forgot but i remember telling him "damnnn, my goal is try every flavor" such a good location and now that its getting warmer i hope i dont catch them when they're extremely busyyyy but i wouldn't be surprise if they get more popular! can't wait for my next visit to mention i check-in on yelp for a 10% off!!!!
5	Few places have pushed me to update, and none have received a second update, except for the Crepe Shack. Hearing from the owner, himself, about the new waffle batter, it was only right to go in to check it out. The edges were crispy and the center was spongy. The batter was delicious by itself. The taste and consistency is close to the waffles that I ate while in Asia. If you want something simple and classic ask for it with cinnamon, a dusting of powder sugar, and some maple syrup on the side. Their crepes might be what draws me in, but the food talk is what has me constantly coming back. It is refreshing to see people who show pride in what they do. The enthusiasm that they show in striving to produce the best product is a draw. It would be easy to just cut up everything ahead of time or make a fruit preserve, instead they use all fresh produce and prep as they go. I also like how Li acknowledges the new crepe joint, but sees that they each have their own unique niche.
5	I picked this place for one of my last hurrah treats before summer dieting begins. Oh to be a naturally thin person so I could eat here every day (ok I'd settle for once a week!). We tried a waffle and a crepe. Both were wonderful. We customized them to our own tastes (I got bananas, oreos, caramel and vanilla ice cream in a crepe and the husband got birthday cake ice cream and brownies on a waffle). Both were cooked to order and utterly delicious. Yay for birthday cake ice cream, tons of beautiful fresh fruit, and a nice mixture of conventional and creative toppings. The owners were friendly and service was quick. I will be back once my bikini days are behind me !
4	I've been having crepe cravings lately and this place definitely hit the spot.You walk into a clean,open space and you are greeted by friendly people who are ready to introduce you to the world of Japanese crepes. Unlike the crepes I am used to, this crepe was rolled up into a cone and eaten without utensils.The menu is displayed on tv screens. No paper menus are available. It was explained to me that the reason behind this is because the menu options change to reflect item availability. So you know what you are getting is FRESH.They have numerous tasty combinations with appealing names like Tickle Me Berry and Cookie Monster. And if the specialty crepes don't tickle your fancy, then you can create your own. And all crepe fillings can also be topped onto a waffle.I had the "East Meets West", a crepe filled with red bean paste, condensed milk and mochi bites. I added strawberries, bananas and whipped cream. It was a little too heavy on the red bean paste for my taste, but the fruit was so fresh and delicious.The only thing: I wish this place had savory crepes. But if ever my sweet tooth wants a crepe, this place is where I will go. And the price is right (average $5-7)p.s. To receive discounts and free stuff, text CREPES to 77948
5	Moved down to Reno a few weeks ago and heard this place through some friends. They had a large menu consisting of different types of crepes and waffles. I couldn't decide on which crepe to try so I actually had a custom made crepe with bananas, strawberries, blackberries, cheesecake bits, and vanilla ice cream. It was sooo yummy!! I usually don't like ridiculously sweet desserts, but this was perfect. The owners were really friendly too. They explained the concept of the Japanese style crepe as soon as I came in. They also made me an ice coffee, which wasn't on the menu.  I would definitely come back for an evening snack/ dessert. Highly recommend this place!
2	Went to this place because my friend and I have been craving for some crepes.  Saw all the 5-star reviews from yelp so we figured why not?  Upon entering, the 2 ppl behind the counter explained how their crepes are prepared (rolled in an ice-cream cone style) and told us what the favorites were.  We got the rebel special and the banana with nutella (I can't remember the name).  Anywho, it was good, but it wasn't 5-star good.  Just like Nelson Q., mentioned on his review, it wasn't anything to scream about.  The taste was just "meh" and the crepe was definitely too thick for my liking as well that it almost tasted like a pancake.
2	The place was clean, smelled good and they used fresh ingredients, those are the positive things I found about this place. I just wasn't a fan of these "Japanese" style crepes because of the thickness and heavy use of vanilla. I was expecting a variety of crepes and all they had were sweet which made the wife happy..at first. We are both very much into the traditional French Crepe which are much thinner and more egg based compared to the ones served at the Crepe Shack. The presentation as a cone was interesting and I had an issue with eating the crepe with plastic utensils. The lack of variety, savory and breakfast offerings, and the style of crepe, was the overall knock on this place.
5	Awesome fresh crepes & waffles made to order. The staff use seasonal fruit & toppings, fresh whipped creme & the ice cream is terrific too. The staff are customer service oriented, always welcoming with a smile. What more could you ask for?
5	At first when I walked in I thought the place was a bit dead... But I guess I beat the crazy rush. Within 10 minutes of me becoming awestruck while staring at the numerous choices and options the menu had to offer the store became bustling with young lively faces ready and eager to order.  The employees were friendly and helpful. They also all had great smiles and wore bright, lively colored shirts. (a big plus to compliment the atmosphere). Overall with the experience, environment and excellent crepe's I think I will come back again when I'm in Vegas!
5	I recently moved back in to town and heard about this place through a bunch of friends who said places like bachi burger, five guys, and crepe shack were the best right now. As soon as you go in, a delicious smell hits you and you can't wait to get your crepe! I had the mix with raspberries instead of bananas, vanilla yogurt instead of ice cream, and it was awesome! I love the combination of fresh fruits with the sweet crepe. I actually lived in france for 3 years, so i've had my share of crepes. Although this is different from a french style crepe, which is more on the buttery, heavy side (not airy, just to add. a crepe is thin but not meant to be airy.. it's not a souffle), it was soooo enjoyable, with a fortune cookie taste. I've tried japanese style crepes a few times in cali, but nothing really struck me enough for me to crave them. But I can't wait to go try more crepes at cs&w! I'll definitely be back and recommend this place to everyone!
5	Clean and vibrant environment with friendly staff!  Im glad it doesnt cost close to 10 bucks a crepe or waffle.  The prices are reasonable especially with ice cream!  I got the rebel special. What else can i ask for besides ice cream, whip cream, fresh fruit and the crepe??
5	Crepes.....I LOVE crepes. Now this is a different kind of crepe that I've never had before. Japanese style crepes are a "fortune cookie" flavored crepe. We came here on a Sunday and it was pouring! Rain won't stop us foodies! Since we were full from a 4th of July party we decided to share one crepe which proved to be more than enough for the two of us. I ordered the Rebel Special without ice cream, which meant that I got more fruit. I really liked the crepe itself without all the filling.....which you can actually order! Next time I'll order my own crepe with the fillings that I want. A pretty cool concept and pretty good dessert.
4	The waffles here are very good, and you can load them up with lots of fruits!
4	It's a really big and quiet place, the crepes were made just like i was used to, with nutella. Their crepes were pretty good, not the best, but still pretty good.
5	After months of reading Facebook updates about Crepe Shack, I was more than eager to see what the fuss is about. A month and a half later, all the buzz is certainly well-deserved.Addiction adequately describes my relationship to Crepe Shack - within the first week and half of being back in Vegas, I visited nearly six times. Every visit never disappoints either. What is better than a fluffy, freshly made crepe? Oh, that's right - a scoop of ice cream in the midst of it with fruit and cheesecake bites. From the Make Me Swirl (a personal favorite) to the Rebel Special to Bananas Foster, every crepe is extraordinarily delicious and addicting. The waffles are just as amazing as the crepes - crisp on the edges, fluffy in the center. Hell, I don't even need the extra fix-ins. Give me some syrup and powdered sugar, and that's enough for me. Crepe Shack and Waffles is my go-to spot to satiate my sweet tooth. Ignoring the danger it poses to my waistline, I happily would enjoy these crepes as a substitute for any meal (easily done as it has already replaced breakfast on numerous occasions). But hey, how guilty can you feel? At least there's a serving of fruit alongside it.
4	:) awesome heavenly crepe. I never got into the cupcake craze, nor was I a big fan of yogurt places (they were just ok). Thank God for Crepe Shack, this is my new go-to spot for yummy dessert! I had the Strawberry Sensation w/ Nutella. OMG.... it was just right, and satisfied my sweet tooth craving. I went with two friends, it was their first time here too. After dinner for some reason, we started talking about crepes. We were on a MISSION to Crepe Shack. We were all so happy that we decided on this. The customer service was AMAZING! The girl who was helping us was kind, sweet and helpful. She asked us if this was our first time, and explained what it is and their menu and flavors.  I was so happy about this, b/c at the last dessert place (cupcakes) I went to a few days ago I had a BAD first time experience. But this place did the opposite and we were able to enjoy and savor the crepes we were eating. :)  The place looked cleaned and was very spacious. And for some reason my artistic eye loves the type of purple they used to paint the walls! haha. random like, but yes ambiance is a factor for me. I'll definitely be back! Excited to try the other combinations. :)
4	This is my most favorite "Shack" in town! Crepe Shack and Waffles is a fun, funky little whole in the wall eatery. When you first walk in the doors you are welcomed to bright walls and the smell of what seems to be fresh baked cake....but, once you look deeper you realize that beautiful aroma is coming from the freshly made Crepes. SO DELICIOUS!If you do not want to be disappointed, then order what I ordered. It was amazing! I got the Rebel Crepe (Bananna, Strawberries and Nutella) with birthday cake ice cream and fresh whip cream. OMG- It was so good that I already know what I am going to be craving whenever I get pregnant, or not...lol .Either way, these crepes mean business.Overall this is the kind of place you check out at least once. Its pretty yummy and a unique way to hit that sweet spot from time to time. In my opinion, there is really nothing crepey about this place, its all good to me!
5	This place... ROCKS!!!! They even have real Thrifty's ice-cream-ala Chocolate Malted Crunch!!! OMG!!! Sooooo good! The owner is there working making crepes as well as a few other employees, they are all so nice & friendly.... If you're looking for something delicious & different this is the place to go!!!!
5	After a few months, I finally got to come here to eat my free waffle. And it was pretty darn good. Nice crunch on the outer crust while soft and fluffy inside, which is exactly what I'm looking for in a waffle. It also came with softened butter, syrup, and powdered sugar! Sandra also offered whipped cream, but I opted not to so I could focus on the waffle. If you can't decide between the crepes and waffle, I would still go with the crepe just because I haven't tried any as good as here! I would of given the waffle 4 stars, but Sandra and her boyfriend are so friendly, so 5 stars again!
4	This place definitely serves up some dessert crack at its best.  You just fein it and want that sugar kick!  The moment you walk in, you're taken away by the aroma's and smell of the crepes and waffles.As for what to get, I'm sure everything is good.  It just depends if you're more in a savory dessert kick and want chocolate or if you're feeling fruity.This place would get a solid 5 stars if they crisp'ed their crepes and waffles.  It would definitely add to the textural bite and overall dessert eating experience.  It also looks better appearance-wise..For those who have been to Genki Crepes in SF know what im talken about.Since I dont know of any other Japanese Crepe places in Vegas, you should definitely check this place out.   THis place has lots of promis and I can see this in the Yelp Trending very soon if it is not already.
5	Mind blowingly good! We made the short drive from Las Vegas to eat here. We didn't know it wasn't classical French crepes but were really plesantly surprised with this Japanese alternative. They serve them like soft ice cream cones where the yummy ingredients are put inside. The fruit was so delicious and the yougurt was really tasty. I had chesecake bits in mine and wished I had one of these joints in my area. Eating breakfast there really made my day!!!!!!
4	Food: Kind of like Cold Stone, but with crepes and waffles instead. I had the waffle with nutella, marshmallows and graham crackers (yeah, it's a s'more). The waffle was big, crunchy on the outside, and warm and soft on the inside. The heat from the waffle melted the marshmallows a bit :)Service: Counter service; but they actually walked over to my table to bring me my food. Bonus points for that.Ambience: Nice and spacious.
5	Really now, I can't rave anymore on how amazing this place is. Instead, I've just gotten to the point where I insist on taking away everyone's "Crepe Virginity", and in turn, they all become just as obsessed as I do. In the past two weeks, I have convinced at least 80 percent of my coworkers to try Crepe Shack, and all of them have loved it as much as I do. Truly, what's not to love?After two months of being home and going to the Crepe Shack on a bi-weekly basis, I still can find no fault in their crepes. Still fluffy, delicious, and guilt-free with that serving of fruit (which seems to get larger every time I come in), crepes are the new cupcake, and with Crepe Shack around, I hope that it is a culinary endeavor that will never die out. I've tried to branch out and try most of the crepes, but I always stick with my favorites: Tickle Me Berry and Make Me Swirl. The best part are the owners and staff - so incredibly friendly. It always makes me smile when an establishment recites your order as your approach the register - done so many times when I'm with my friends with their dead-set orders. A lot of times, I tend to loiter Crepe Shack for an hour after the crepes are gone, but I never receive a dirty glance or any sort of discomfort for it. I have so much love for Crepe Shack - it is perhaps one of the best things to happen to Vegas ever since I left for school. When I go back, I know that this will be the one place I will miss the most.
5	The one sweet treat that my daughter doesn't need to beg me for:)
5	Fresh ingredients, friendly and attentive staff, clean, and a great price point.  I try to go here as much as possible.  Nothing like this place in Vegas, the crepes are great and the waffles are fluffy and full of flavor.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Yummy! Portions are huge! It's not really the traditional crepe you'd think of though. Instead, it's kind of like frozen yogurt toppings/preparation
4	Ahh so close to me but yet  no time to try this place out until now.After trying these crepes I need to make time in my busy life for such yumminess!!!!The batter of the crepe is light but filling at the same time especially because it's a good size crepe not a skimpy small circle of batter. I love they they use fresh fruits and not fruits that have been marinating in a thick goop of high fructose corn syrup living life in a tin can waiting to be open for years now. Yup, fresh fruits always win in my book.... I will declare my one star off now:  NO MANGO ICE CREAM!!!!!!I have been day dreaming of my first experience at Crepe Shack & Waffles: Wearing hott pink heels I slowly walk in,hair blowing in the wind (wearing a hott pink bow to match the heels of course), my nose instantly stunned by the sweet aroma of fresh crepes, my eyes (with hott pink eyeshadow to match the heels & bow of course) blinded by the beauty of my favorite ice cream -MANGO- Wait a freakin minute - The Mango Ice cream was just seasonal.... Yup my day dream turned into an episode of Punked!!! Yes, I was disappointed but hopefully the Mango Ice cream will make a guest appearance again even though I think it should be a staple on the menu as in just about all Japanese Restaurants Mango Ice Cream Mochi is always offered, Just sayin..... We tried: -The Strawberry Cheesecake Crepe: Strawberries,bits of Cheesecake,  Strawberry syrup, whipped cream and Birthday cake ice cream : YUM!!!! -The Rebel Crepe : Bananas, Strawberries, Nutella, Whipped Cream and Vanilla Ice Cream: YUM!!!!-The Brownie Crepe (I'm not sure of the name): Brownie Chunks, marshmallows,whipped cream, caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream:I didn't try this one but the people who did said it was - YUM!!!!-Bananas Foster Crepe: Vanilla Ice Cream,Bananas,Cinnamon,Caramel and Whipped Cream - YUM!!!-Scoop of Chocolate Malt Crunch Ice Cream- I liked it but my sister thought it lacked a strong chocolate taste - that's why it has MALT in it's name - that should clue you in that it won't have an extra strong Chocolate taste.So there's my verdict- 4 YUMS!!!! - Very open and clean place - We enjoyed ourselves!!!!I did ask for a printed menu and they didn't have any- Hope they do print some cause they sure come in handy when you want to call in a order.....
5	Love love love it!!!! I've had 2 crepes so far that have included strawberries,banana, peanut butter and vanilla yogurt. The combo was mouth watering! Tonight I'm trying the cookie monster with added raspberries and raspberry sherbet. Wow was this good. But a bad idea to eat this in place of dinner because I was left with a sugar high and a tummy ache. Next time I'll share this one and have it as desert. Definitely an awesome eat though. I crave this place literally everyday that I have to fight myself not to drive anywhere near the intersection. Everyone there is so nice and patiently waits while you contemplate what to order since there are soo many choices. TIP: Use your yelp check-in offers and look out for coupons in the mail.
4	Yummy!!!! So far Ive tried both the crepe and waffles as the Rebel Special which is Strawberry + Banana + Nutella. Yum!!! My wife has gotten the Banana fosters crepe twice so far.  This place is just like the crepe places in LA if not better. I was wondering when someone was going to open up a place like this. Best thing is that they serve Thrifty ice! yes they have the chocolate malted crunch!Just like someone said it would be good if they crisp'd up the crepe and waffles a lil bitOverall, everything is fresh and tasty.
5	My wife and I had been talking about trying this place all summer.  I don't know why we didn't do it sooner because it was amazing!  There isn't much to say that other reviewers haven't already said.  Getting a crepe all wrapped up like an ice cream cone with delicious toppings inside was just plain awesome.  My wife had the Apple ala Mode and I had the Splits.  While both crepes were great, the Apple ala Mode might be one of the best desserts I've ever had.  The apples were perfectly cut so they weren't too large or small and the graham crackers just sealed the deal!  We sat and ate our crepes and almost bought two more to take home with us.  The price ($5) is a great deal as well!  Can't wait to go back.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, so  we decided to stop there for dessert after extremely disappointing service at an Italian restaurant for our anniversary dinner. It was pretty late, but we were warmly greeted by the three guys behind the counter. One asked if we had been there before. Saying "no", he explained the concept to us and was very helpful in telling us about the different selections.I ordered the Camp Out S'more with Birthday Cake ice cream. It was delicious. The crepe is huge, but rolled up and stuffed with all the goodies made it look less intimidating. The hubby ordered something with fruit, I think. I wasn't paying attention because I was enjoying mine too much, but I do know he liked what he got. After eating the entire thing, I was over-stuffed, but it was so worth it. They even followed up and asked how we liked our order.
5	I'd eat it!The first time I stumbled upon Crepe Shack & Waffles was by mistake, or perhaps fate? I had made a wrong turn, and as I was trying to get back on my way I spotted the word "Crepe" on the building and I didn't think twice about pulling over to try one. It's funny how one word could bring so much joy and excitement to my heart!The shop is clean and bright, and it smells SOOOO good. The staff always greets you immediately, and with a smile, even when the place is super busy.9 times out of 10 I will order "The Elvis" crepe (no honey, sub condensed milk, strawberry ice cream).  When I'm in the mood for something extra sweet and fruity I get the "Strawberry Sensation".  Hubby prefers the "Deluxe PBJ". I think the crepes are large enough for 2, but who wants to share something this good???My tip? Shut up and eat fast before it gets messy!!
3	I liked it and it was very good. However it was too sweet for me and I was on a sugar high after eating here. I order the Maui Fever with green tea ice cream and I sampled the Banana Foster which I really didn't like.
5	My favorite place for dessert! Friendly staff
4	I tried both Japanese crepe and waffle with my bf. I like waffle slightly better than crepe because of the texture. I would say my fav one is strawberry sensation (strawberry, cheese cake, strawberry syrup, whip cream, vanilla ice cream). I love they put cheese cake in crepe. It's really yummy.  I will definitely be back very soon.
5	I had the Rebel Special which was a concoction with banana, strawberries, and Nutella. I had this with a Strawberry ice cream, and it was fairly darned tasty. The crepe was nice and fluffy, the fruit tasted fresh, and the ice cream was pretty good as well. The staff was friendly and helpful in explaining and suggesting which treats to get. Will try to make it a point to return at some point.
5	Speechless, but this is a review so I guess I have a write something.If I were on death row, I would request the Rebel Special as my final super. This place is absolutely spectacular! Really - it's that flipping good!I ordered two crepes - The Classic and the Rebel Special.The Classic - I first fell in love with Nutella in a crepe. This brought me right back to 2006, but this baby packed a surprise - slivered almonds! The added crunch along with the bananas and Nutella, you really can't go wrong.Rebel Special - bananas, super fresh strawberries, warm Nutella. I don't really need to go further. Here you can order custom parfaits and crepes, and I believe they also have chai teas.This place would be like 10 out 5 if they offered savory crepes.
5	Absolutely the best I've ever had!!!  Saw an ad and went to try it and now it's a weekly must!!  Such an innovative idea, love the freshly made crepes and waffles right in front of you, and all the best fruit, ice cream and toppings!  Nothing makes my day like an amazing crepe from Crepe Shack & Waffles!  :)
1	What a waste of time. I was in town, visiting with my sister and wanted to grab a quick snack. So I found a Groupon deal that read $7 for two waffles/crepe. With that said, you would presume that meant what it's stated. $7 for 2 (TWO) Waffles or Crepe. But nope, they take the cost displayed per item, which was about $5 - $6 per waffle/ or crepe. And then ended up ordering a mocha and a bottle of water. The total came out to be $25 (which the cashier subtracted $7), the total being $18. So not only did Groupon charge me $7 but the place charged me $18. I paid a total of $25 for two crepes/waffles and two beverages, which is the original cost. The cashier said he already took the deal into account. SO basically, there is no deal. It's really deceptive advertising, and I'm a marketer myself. You don't lie like that. Crepe Shack & Waffles you should be ashamed of yourself!
5	We happened to be in the neighborhood and decided to try this place.  I got the "Rock in the Road", made waffle style.  This was choice of ice cream, almonds, marshmallows, and white chocolate syrup, served on top of a waffle. Soooo good!  the waffle was thick and had a little crisp to the outside, and the flavors of the marshmallows with the syrup and waffle was so good! The menu here is exciting, a unique way to serve ice cream.  I know we'll be back to try more.
5	Walking into this place you are greeted promptly and pleasantly by whom ever is behind the counter.The place is clean and comfy, menu is clear and inexpensive.  In San Francisco I use to frequent an establishment like this, and I'm excited to have found this place.  They have fresh juice (guava, wht peach, lychee and more) mimosas. The homemade chorizo is off the hook.Food is GREAT!
5	Best waffles I've ever had. The gf and I try to go there once a week.
4	Yum, Crepes!Stopped by here for some desert after having dinner on my anniversary. Only checked it out because Groupon had a deal, but turned out to be pretty good. My boyfriend got the Rebel Special w/ Birthday Cake ice cream and I got the Bananas Foster w/ Cappuccino Crunch ice cream. I personally like the Rebel Special better, but boyfriend liked the Bananas Foster one.There's also a bunch of board games there, so you can play and eat at the same time. Killed an hour playing battle ship and connect four.
3	Interesting to watch the crepe being made. Others in the family have made a big deal of this place, and it is ok.The dessert was ok but it is as much due to the uniqueness as anything else. 31 Flavors is better. What bugged me was that the accent of the wait staff was so foreign thick that I couldn't understand the explanation of the 'system.'  So, I just ordered from the regular menu rather than making my own masterpiece. Making my own is what I will do should I ever venture off the beaten path again.
5	First time trying a crepe/waffle? Get the Rebel Special- can't go wrong with nutella, strawberries, and vanilla ice cream! Add some bananas and you're golden. This may be the best place to go to for some fastneasy dessert. The crepe is a perfect consistency, not too thin/thick. I agree with some other yelpers, a few more seconds on the hot pan for a crispy effect won't do any harm! Maybe I'll just ask for it next time (which might be tonight....yum.....as they close at 10pm!) The waffles come out crunchy on the outside and deliciously soft on the inside. I would ask for this to be a little crispier as well. Just because I like crispy foods. Also gotta love the boardgames they have for everyone to enjoy. Can't get beat at connect4 again! ...Just another excuse to go back for crepes :) +Did I mention service was impeccable? All that you could ever ask for in a place like this.
3	After a big burger at Grind Burger, I had to take a big crepe.So we went to this place that Elite Emily recommended. By this point I was good and ready for some tasty and delicious crepes. I was licking my lips looking at the choices, and Elite Emily and Hec were anxiously awaiting their crepes.I selected the Camp Fire Smore crepe: a crepe with chocolate, marshmallows, and graham cracker bits. Nom nom no--- what? What did you ask me? What kind of ice cream did I want with that? Uh, chocolate malted crunch, I guess. Wow, crepes AND ice cream! Bonus!!!But it wasn't until Elite Emily got her Strawberry Sensation that it hit me... the crepe was large, and rolled up like an ice cream cone, which was useful, since the ice cream sat in the middle, and the Smore part topped the ice cream. It was basically a giant, soft, ice cream cone.Oh... that came out of nowhere.So, apparently, that's the Japanese style of crepe. (Should have known, with Elite Emily's love of everything Asian.) I had no idea. I was expecting more along the lines of a breakfast crepe.I mean, it was good, don't get me wrong.I just really had looked forward to a breakfast-type crepe.Oh, crepe... I miss you...
4	I like this place but try not to visit too often for the safety of my waistline.  -;)  They have some really great selections and I've been here at least 6 or 7 times and have tried something different almost every time!  I enjoy the Make Your Own Crepe they have, but trust me - try one of the ones on the menu because they know crepes!  The prices are slightly higher than average but for those nights when you just want a good dessert, splurge here.In recent visits they have added Japanese snacks and boardgames, making this a pretty nice hangout for all!  Plus they sell t-shirts that say, "I'd eat it."  Come on now, how cool is that?Hopefully they have sugar-free ice cream options soon!  Or if they do, I missed them... which makes me a sad panda.P.S. Nutella + Peanut Butter = DELISH!
5	I always get excited over crepes for some reason. However, I don't think I like crepes. Maybe, I just like the idea and/or look of them.Very clean, fairly good-sized venue. Service is an A. Their coffee crunch (forgot the exact name of it) ice cream is good. A good variety of fresh toppings. One of the guys, who seems to be slightly older than other workers I've seen there before, makes the crepes very well. The others make them just fine as well.They offer other items such as waffles, juices, and food I believe.
5	5 stars for the sizzlin cutie with a bootie filipino boy that was working all the time over winter break ;)mmmmmmm id want him wrapped up in a warm little crepe anyday!whoo!yum!nomnomz
5	mmmmmmmMM. came back recently and to my disappointment my cutie (not dem lil tangerines they sell at Costco, naameann) was not working. sall good doh. ill come back to Vegas just for himm.crepes were delicious as usual. would've tasted better if they were made with his loving hands.IF YOU ARE DA BOOBOO THAT IM LOOKING FOR, HIT ME UP!! HIS NAME WAS LYKE MCDONALDS OR MCGONAGALL OR MCTASTY OR SOMETHINGGG.ILL SHOW YOU WHAT CALIFORNIA GURLZ ARE ALL ABOUT!!-*--mMUahzz will b bakk soon. "WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS STAYS IN VEGAS!!!"
3	All right, so this place is trying to go with the Japanese Crepe style ... well i lived in Japan for almost 10 years so I am going to critique this to the best of my knowledge and experience. Crepes (especially japanese style that is everywhere around Tokyo) was one of my favorite desserts as a child, so when I went there I was so excited that someone finally started a similar business! First off good job on the selections, I like the fact that they have lots of choices of ice cream and toppings/extras. Kind of like all the yogurt places but it definitely works for this also. But the CREPE!!! the crepe is my favorite part, but you have not come up to my standards. The crepe has no flavor but just white.. what .. flour? there's no brown ish carmel color of cooked dough with the egg batter taste. The crepe is .. too sad. So upset i was that when i go, i just get the waffles. I'm not the expert in waffles so it was a bit better than crepes. but even the waffles are a bit plain... the waffle ice cream sandwich at the "LunchBox" is Way better.. Sorry! And I think the decorative manner of the food still needs a bit work with nutella and peanutbutter coming out as tubes looking like tooth paste. haha. But as a customer, as long as you know what toppings goes well with what type of ice cream, you're in it for a treat. I'll go back even if its not as good as the ones in Japan.  I gave three stars because of the batter for crepe, waffles, style of food presentation, and okay service.
5	My wife and I have been going here for the past year.  The owner is very friendly and hard working.  He care about satisfaction of his customers and is connected with the food truck movement-which is a A+ in my book.  While this place is not a place to go to for a full meal, it is a nice place to stop for a quick snack or breakfast.  The prices are reasonable, and there are many items on the menu to choose from.  I still have not tried everything on the menu.  One can customize their own crepe or waffle, or select from one of the many specialty crepes.  The store will also post via facebook specials deals or food items, which is alway a gem to look for. My wife and I recommend this a lot and have taken many friends/family here whom all have had nothing but great things about this place.  As I write this review I am thinking about heading down there in the immediate future.
5	Outstanding.. The fruit is fresh and the crepes are made in front of you.. They are a bit dryer than I'm used to but with sherbet or ice cream its great. If someone in your group is health consious, you can order it about as healthy as dessert comes. They have a menu with cute names, but get what you want. About $6 per person unless you use a groupon. LOVED IT
5	Omg such perfection!!!!
4	Was I in the mood for a crepe? Not really. But my brother has been raving about this place so we decided to give it a shot after a night on Fremont St.  It is VERY clean and big.  I guess you do not need much room when you are just making crepes and waffles.  I think we had a Cookie Monster?  It had PB, cookie pieces/cookie dough, chocolate syrup, and we had a scoop of ice cream with whipped cream. It was insanely good! The crepe was light and tasty. Anything with PB and chocolate will taste good to me.  They have board games that can you play while you eat.  The staff was very friendly and willing to answer any questions. I will be back. I want to try the waffles. Two thumbs up!
5	Crepes are delicious, and this place has a billion ways to eat them. There's plenty of seating and BOARD GAMES!! I love pigging out on crepes and playing connect four, Families should go here, not families should go there, I will be there. The staff is always sweet, and fun. I frequent the crepe shack on a regular basis, and will continue to do so. I wish I could build a crepe shack in my back yard.
5	Excellent batter makes excellent crepes. These guys really do a great job of making crispy crepes and filling them with fresh fruit and other goodness. I really enjoyed the Bananas Foster and the East Meets West. Definitely add strawberries to the East Meets West. It's so yummy! Definitely will be back for more... too bad I don't live on this side of town... sigh...
5	Was not expecting this place to be so good. The best way to describe it would be a crepe ice cream cone.  The crepe is soft and creates a crepe burrito stuffed with ice cream and various other goodies. I am definitely a fan of this place.
5	Simply the best crepes I've ever had! And even more importantly the staff is extremely knowledgeable, helpful and on task. Even the bathroom is the cleanest, prettiest, best smelling restroom I've ever used in public. I'm totally impressed with this establishment and will be frequenting it often. :)
3	Warning, this is not your typical crepe place.  First of all, they make Japanese style crepes which are essentially a crepe cone stuffed with fruit and syrup.  There are no savory crepes so this is strictly a desert place.  And thats what it was when we came here. Deserted.  I must admit, the menu has a ton of different combinations of fruit and syrups and the crepes look delicious.   This is a review in progress because we were looking for lunch, not desert so we went somewhere else to eat and despite intention to return, ended up too full for desert so we put it on our back list but I wanted to get the warning out for others looking for a savory crepe. I am looking forward to updating this review soon.
3	This place was just OK.  My Japanese wife and I would've preferred our crepes a little more on the well done side.  No burn marks or toastiness at all, too soft and spongey.  Japanese crepe places also offer more than just desserts too.  Maybe a BLT crepe to pump up the business around dinner time?  Great selection of dessert choices as it is essentially the Yogurtland of creperies but the taste just isn't worth schlepping it over to Henderson for.
5	I really enjoyed all the different crepes I ordered.  I usually make my own (crepes: with marshmallows, almonds, vanilla ice-cream, milk chocolate fudge, cookie dough, & whipped cream) and I enjoy every taste of it.  I think my only complaint is that the put the ice cream in the top/middle and then when  I am almost done with it , it doesnt taste that great without the whipped cream, almonds, and ice-cream.  All thats left is a lot of marshmallows.  Other that that, I would come back here again & again & again. :)
5	Good tasting crepes and great service
5	I loved it! We went yesterday and all of my family that went enjoyed it.  I can't wait to go back! I had the Nutty Buddha crepe (nutella, peanut butter, & bananas).  I can't remember what everyone else ordered but we all finished every bite!
5	Just PHENOMENAL!! I love this place. I partake every single time I come to Vegas! I highly reccomend at least one visit!
2	I went there because of the great reviews on Yelp. We ordered two crepes. Yes, you get fresh fruit pieces, and a scoop of ice cream or frozen yogurt. It's a quick and delightful snack. But the crepes seemed undercooked. The color of the crepe was very pale. Plus, it's not crispy at all. I was disappointed. It's just ok.
4	Yum!  This place is a real treat.  We love crepes, so we had to try it.  We love the Rebel Special (we swap out the bananas for extra strawberries).  The crepes are made fresh to order, so they're warm and soft.  The ice cream (we like chocolate) is cold, and the fruit is sliced fresh in front of your eyes.  Rolled up like a soft ice-cream cone, it's a hand-held treat.  Reasonable prices, fresh ingredients, and they make it quickly.It's about a 15-20 minute drive from the Strip area, but it's worth it.
4	Love, love, love this place!  The staff is attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable. The facility is super clean.  The prices are affordable,and the food is yummy!  My standard is the "Not so plain waffle" - delicious.  My family is a little more creative than I and have tried several of their crepe's.  And the best part.... you can play board games while you eat.. our favorite is Jenga!  Super fun-super good.  Well done!
4	I love this place. The ppl that work here are awesome and attentive. The dessert speaks for itself. The crepes are light and airy with unlimited fresh toppings to please any taste buds!I love cool local places like this!
4	Pretty tasty and the guys were very helpful!  we had bananas foster crepe and the triple berry crepe.  Yum!!!
5	While I am a huge traditional (French) crepes fan, I am now a Japanese crepes fan! Our crepes were light and fluffy but...sturdy? They didn't rip at the slightest touch, perfect for the cone-shaped serving method (as opposed to the folded French style).Each crepes comes with a scoop of ice cream and real whipped cream. The fillings are up to you, and they have a huge selection! Nutella, tons of fresh fruit, sauces, brownie bits, and tons more.I went with the bananas foster (vanilla ice cream, of course). It was a decadent creation with ripe bananas, cinnamon, and a great caramel sauce. Between the wrapped layers of crepes, they had sprinkled cinnamon sugar. Great attention to detail! Husband went with the Take Me Away (chocolate ice cream). Brownie bits, marshmallows, and caramel. His was very good too, but we both agree mine was the winner.Can't wait to be back in Vegas to try some of the fruit creations...
4	The wife is from Japan and a serious sweet hound so when I told her I had some coupons to a Japanese style crepe spot she demanded we go.When we walked the cashier was friendly and explained what they did, your options (crepe or waffle) and your choice of ice cream or extra fruit, and whipped cream. I went with the Bananas Foster crepe with extra fruit and whipped cream, the wife went with the Apple-a la mode with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream.The crepe was cooked well and I enjoyed the non-overly sweet filling as mine had brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel which is usually an formula for sweetness overload but they managed to find a great balance of flavor and sweetness. The wife really enjoyed her crepe with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream finding it's way into every bite. Both of our crepes were made with care and it showed in presentation which is a major part of desert.Some highlights:I really enjoyed the fact that I could get extra fruit instead of ice cream. The staff were warm and friendly. We got there at 9:00pm and the place seemed to be have a steady stream of people coming and going.Price wise, you're going to spend $5 a crepe, a bargain if you ask me considering that you are getting fresh fruit and a freshly made crepe.As a techie I really enjoyed that there were power plugs at table level for those bringing in a notebook to get some work done while enjoying desert.We will definitely be back.
4	Crepes are love, and I was having a mad craving for this versatile treat. Coincidentally, so was my sister. Thus, are long trip across town to Crepe Shack & Waffles. As I stepped in this place was nice overall with its brightly covered walls, cleanliness, and friendly staff. As I got to the cash register, the cashier immediately informed me of their three most popular crepes: banana foster, rebel special, and tickle me berry!I opted for tickle me berry with green tea icecream & cheesecake bites, and my sister kept it simple with the rebel special. BOTH WERE DELISH! You know that feeling when you bite into a dessert and there's just absolute bliss? Well, I experienced it. The berries were as fresh as can be and all of the flavors put together were perfect! I also tried my sisters and realized that no crepe is complete without Nutella. Her simple crepe was just as amazing. I only give this place four stars because I feel like the crepe batter itself could have more flavor. My crepe was a bit thick and lacked clear flavor. Other than that, I guess the fun is what's in the crepes!
3	The place itself was nice, clean and they had board/card games for the customers to enjoy...the boy at the register however was rude and was trying to rush me ordering when it was my first time being there.  I ended up getting the rebels special with mango and it wasn't anything spectacular.
5	The first thing that gets my attention is once you walk in, you are completely enveloped in a delicious aroma of desserts. You just know from that that no matter what you order, it's gonna be good. It's chill in there and the staff were friendly and professional. I had the rebel crepe and goshhh it's good :) Of course they're crepes and they should not take a long time to be made, but it's nice when they actually don't take long to be made :p Alsoooo you get a lot so make sure you're ready to eat.
4	This is what this city needs...a place that serves Japanese crepes. Great service, friendly staff, clean place and yummy crepes. My favorite is the rebel crepe since I'm addicted to Nutella - it also has fresh strawberries and bananas topped with ice cream (your choice). They have waffles, ice cream sandwiches and they also sell Hi-Chew candy, Ramune (Japanese soda with a glass ball in the bottle), shrimp crackers and other yummy Asian snacks. When it's not too hot, you can enjoy your crepe or whatever snack at the tables outside. There was one day I ended up going to Crepe Shack twice - that's how much I like this place.
4	Yum !! Yum!! Yum!!  This is one of our favorite weekend breakfast spots to take the kids to....It's a casual and welcoming place where you order at the counter and grab a seat.  Never have to wait in a long line to wait for a table.   You can chose either a crepe or waffle - a huge selection of toppings with including ice cream, fresh fruit etc.....Try it - you'll love it!!
5	You should definitely try this place! Best crepes in my opinion are: Rebel special and Classic. The ice creams you should add are birthday cake or butter pecan. I go to this place as often as I can. There is no other place like it in Nevada. It's more of a bay area thing. It's worth it! Make sure to check in and use your yelp deal or text their number to get better deals.
3	Since this place is only 3mins away from my house, I had to try it....I must say it is pretty good with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and fresh fruits wrapped in a cone shaped style.  Definitely a place to try.I believe the crew here are from Hawaii....
4	Over the past year, I have come here more times then I can count... far more then the number of checkin's showing on this review, and I must say, while my girlfriend is a huge fan of the crepes, I am a huge fan of the waffles. I mean, it's like being a little kid all over again and being able to pick and choose all the topping you wanted on the waffle without your parents vetoing it. In addition to their awesome crepes and waffles, the staff here are pretty solid and are constantly checking on you to make sure everything is ok and your happy. Add in the fact they recently just started to stock Thrifty brand ice cream, and now we have a perfect match. Oh and they have board games to! All the classic ones like Battleship, Jenga, Operation and Connect-4
5	Excellent, great everything from the quality of the food, the clean environment the great crew.. great great!
5	A different and delicious take on crepes and waffles  that is super fun and super fresh! A diverse menu gives you great combinations of toppings and fillings, or you can let your taste buds go wild creating your own crepe or waffle! Plus Thrifty ice cream  is fresh, local and delicious!!! Great specials and fun snacks and board games make this a fun hangout for all ages!!
5	I love this place! The staff is always so polite and informative and I love that there is a stamp card, loyalty should be rewarded. I have tried quite a few of the things they offer, but I usually get the apple ala mode, so good! I have only tried a waffle one time and I thought it was too much bread, I definitely prefer the crepes.
5	I was kind of exited to go to this place, and they certainly delivered.I went with my coworker on a lunch break. When we went to order, the young lady asked us if we'd ever been. Even though I told her I stalked them on the internet, she was cordial enough to give us the low down on their crepes and what they had to offer. She was super sweet and didn't mind explaining the few questions we had.I ended up getting the 'Come Away With Me' crepe with vanilla ice cream, it was heavenly! They make the crepes Japanese style, so you'll find Japanese snacks and sodas are also available. They make everything while you watch, which was fun. Also make sure to ask for a spoon. They promote eating them with your mouth ONLY, so spoons are behind the counter. LOLOverall it was clean, the service was awesome, the crepe was divine, and I will definitely be back to try a waffle next time!
5	SOOOOOO DELICIOUS!!!!!!! Crepe is so soft & moist!  All the toppings they have are delicious!!!! Make sure you make room for this place after dinner!
5	I can't believe it took me so long to find this place!  I visited this place in the mood for a sweet treat and that is exactly what I got.  This was my first "Japanese style crepe" and it certainly won't be my last.  I ordered the Bananas Foster (brown sugar, cinnamon, banana and caramel) with vanilla ice cream that was recommended to me by the staff.  I enjoyed it so much that the second time I visited, I ordered the same thing.  I was impressed that the young staff working there seemed so interested and invested in their jobs. They were very friendly and took the time to explain the menu, answer any questions and make recommendations. So happy to have found a new and interesting place to take my out of town guests to.Looking forward to returning and trying some other favors and perhaps a waffle.
4	Ok...I am certainly a fan. I had the pleasure of eating here the other day after dinner. They have a convenient groupon now deal every night that saves you three bucks if you're in the mood for a tasty desert.First things first-- the staff is very friendly and they will be more than happy to direct your ordering and help you customize your treat. I went with the rebel special at their suggestion and decided the plain vanilla yogurt would best enhance its flavor. It was an irresistible combination of strawberry, banana and nutella-- although I could have gone with a bit more tasty nutella.My girlfriend opted for the tango mango which contained delicious coconut and condensed milk as well as some in house made vanilla ice cream.They make their food right in front of you so you know you're not getting any shady business when you eat here. There is a huge selection on crepes and ice cream which they make themselves so you can try something different every night. We will definitely be back here the next time we have an irresistible craving for tasty desserts.
5	The last time we were in Crepe Shack and Waffles they were experimenting with their menu. They added my favorite Thrifty's ice cream flavor which is and always will be Chocolate Malted Crunch! This tasted delicious in my crepe with mini brownie bites. Shakes were not on their menu but  they still made us one. I thought it was cool and a demonstration of awesome customer service!
5	I'm a huge fan of the Rebel Special! Last time I went, they recommended chocolate malt ice cream and other things to go on it and normally I'm skeptic in adding flavors I may not like but, saying yes was the best decision! My friend got a banana foster and we enjoyed our treat over a game of Jenga!
4	Based strictly on the food I enjoyed, I would easily give a 5-Star rating.  Lots of fresh and delicious fruit and other sweets.  A few "savory" elements on the menu would bring it to a 5-Star review, because otherwise, it is a very limited dining experience.
5	Great place for crepes and waffles! So much variety of toppings to choose from...but i've been stuck with the Rebel Special waffle-stawberries, banana, nutella, whip cream and ice-cream. Free wifi and board games to play and hang out with your friends and/or family. They also have fruit parfaits and ice cream--Thrifty Ice Cream. The only thing i would wish is that they had savory crepes too, but for what they have, they're great.
5	Nutty Buddha! Need I say more...?My favorite guilty pleasure............... when I want to cheat - I make a bee line for you!Kind of embarrassing when the owner / manager knows your order as you are walking thru the door... lolfor those who love Thrifty ice cream - look them up!staff are very friendly!your constant companion,~deirdra
5	I love love coming here almost once a week or even maybe twice a week.  If I wasnt cautious with my weight I would probably go here everyday.  Service:  Since I am a regular here already, they know me by face (though not by name, but its okay) they are so friendly and they check up on you after you have received your order and make sure you are doing great.  Decorations: Simple & vibrant Food/Dessert:  Simply amazing. I go back and forth with the crepes & waffles & I usually make my own works. Probably I will try what they have on the menu.Great place to come by and enjoy a quick dessert!
5	This is a DESSERT place. Says so right on the Yelp Info Section. So if your rating anything less then 5 stars because you cant read, then dont bother!The dessert here is sooo yummy! A soft, freshly cooked crepe wrapped in a cone shape and topped with one of their original fruit combos, or you can make your own. They have a wide variety of ice creams that can be added to the crepe for no additional charge, or for you healthy eaters, you can opt to have extra fruit or yogurt added for less calories, and its still just as good! Fruit is fresh! I've had bananas foster (banana with brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel) topped with vanilla ice cream. Sounds way to sweet doesnt it? Well, it isnt! They add just a little for flavor. A lot goes a long way in these crepes! I come twice a week (sometimes twice in a day) when I feel my sweet tooth coming on. Perfect taste, perfect portions, and Perfect Service.
5	This place is amazing!  Everything about it is awesome.  The food is delicious and the staff is very helpful, especially if you are a first time visitor.  And, to top it off, their offerings are rather healthy.  If you skip the whipped cream, you can easily have a hearty and delicious meal under 300 calories.  The fruit is always delicious and waffles are always consistent.  One way or the other, we are definitely hooked on this place and I definitely recommend it to everyone!
4	Pretty good waffles and crepes. My kids really dig the nutella, peanut butter, strawberry and chocolate waffle. Good job guys! They all look like they're 16 years old and from the pimple crew lol
5	This place impresses me every time... Their staff is incredible, the first time we came in they went through the menu, how the items are made, and how to eat the crepes. Desserts are bomb and the service is consistently outstanding. My friends and I come here often to grab an after dinner treat. Highly recommend the bananas foster.
5	My new go to place when I'm looking for some sweets. Friendly staff and they are fast. It's fun watching them make your treats. Decent pricing as well. It's better than going to Baskin Robbin (My all time fav ice cream store) and paying a couple bucks for one scoop when I get an ice cream scoop on top of waffles along with some fresh fruits for a couple more bucks.
4	I haven't been to a decent crepe place since San Francisco, baby!This place is fun, friendly, and most importantly:  DELICIOUS!  With such an extensive mix-in list, it's hard not to love.  The crepe itself is very soft and chewy and the fruit is fresh.  The waffles are amazing as well.  I usually get mine piled high with whipped cream and ice cream and skip the syrup [although they usually thoughtfully put it on the side but I think it's too sweet if placed all together].  While I can't say it beats SF, it's definitely a close second!Even though it's out of the way, it's definitely worth swinging by for a delicious crepe or waffle!
5	This place is the best!!Beautiful, crisp, fresh atmosphere.Friendly, super helpful staff.Pretty reasonable prices.Food is AMAZING! You can watch them make your crepe or waffle, and they definitely know what they're doing.  Everything is so fresh and delicious.
5	i'm a fan will be there tomorrow!
5	After reading all the great reviews, I decided to try this place. All I can say is YUM! I had the Camp S'mores crepe and it was delicious with Trinity Chocolate Malted Crunch ice cream. The staff was friendly and fast. The atmosphere was very open and inviting. And the price was very reasonable for everything I got. Overall, the experience was great and I definitely plan to come here again.
5	I've only had the crepes but all I can say is.. YUM!  I love how its wrapped up so you can eat it like an ice cream cone, makes it way easier to eat imo.  So delicious!  If you want a crepe, come here!  They have so many choices and toppings.
5	Love this place! Staffs are very friendly and the place is nice and clean. Since I live on the east side, this is a bit too far from me but for the quality of the food it is well worth it! I ordered Strawberries, Kiwi Crepe with Vanilla IceCream and my best friend ordered Rocky road waffles with marshmallows. Both of them taste fantastic. Also before we ordered, the staff gave us a brief introduction about Japanese Crepes and gave us some recommendations for different items. They are also selling cream soda. How come I never knew there was such thing! I felt totally left out for the 2.5 years being in America ! Will surely return!
4	What a fun place to eat!  I've only had one crepe besides this in my lifetime but I bookmarked this place a while ago because it just sounded great.  Finally we tried it for breakfast.  The shop and decor are very simple and bright.  We were greeted immediately and asked if we'd ever been there before.  When we told the employee that we hadn't he gladly explained the Japanese crepe concept, what comes with the crepe, and offered suggestions.  I had lots of questions ("Would this go well with that?", "what flavor would you recommend?", etc.) and he was happy to answer them or ask for his coworkers' opinions.  My husband ordered the "Tickle Me Berry" as a waffle and got vanilla yogurt on the side.  The crepes/waffles all come with a scoop of ice cream (there are a number of flavors to choose from), or a scoop of vanilla yogurt.  He wanted to get a crepe but said the waffle just looked so good when he saw it, and it was!  I chose a crepe and it was so easy to eat.  It looks difficult because it's rolled up, sort of like a cone, but the crepe itself holds the contents well and allows you to get a little bit of everything in each bite.  We got to watch them make our tasty meals and the food was up very quickly.  The prices were SO reasonable.  I mean, $4.95 for this crepe that totally filled me, and $5.95 for the waffle. There are so many different "creations" that I can't wait to go and try more!  Some of the crepes/waffles make for a great breakfast, and others are well-suited for a snack or dessert.  Great service, unique flavor combos, all at a great price.  It's definitely my kind of place and one I'm sure I'll visit many more times!
3	A lot of options, I was excited to see old time Thrifty Ice cream there.  So I got the waffle with the chocolate covered strawberries whipped cream and vanilla ice cream.  Sounds good right?  Well it was ok, it wasn't as sweet as I thought it was going to be.  It was ok, I'm not saying I won't be back, I think I will try it in a crepe though.
4	This place was surprisingly good. The crepes were light, not rich & deliciously heavy like my new favorite crepe place (Payard, for those wondering...) I ordered the "classic"- bananas, nutella & almonds with whip cream, but my crepe seriously could have used more nutella & whip cream! I think I personally prefer to eat crepes hot so they make the ingredients all melty, but that's not what you get at the Crepe Shack. It was pretty cold and spongey by the time I got it. I was told to eat it "burrito style", but asked for a fork anyway and I think that was a no-no....hm.... The pricing isn't bad, only $5 & change per crepe. The inside is large and there's plenty of seating. Ordering is broken down and makes first time visits a breeze.
4	Crepes! Crepes! Crepes! This place is awesome and anytime we have family in town we bring them here for a little something "different". Everyone is always facinated by how they make them and "wow you can put that in there?". We are fans for sure! Fruit is always fresh and the ice cream or yogurt is great too! Give these guys a try
5	The staff was very nice and helpful. The crepes and waffles were delicious and the toppings were all fresh.
5	Very good crepes and priced very reasonably.  They have loads fruit, topping and ice cream of options and the waffles they serve are also great.  Everyone we've brought there to try the crepes/waffles has loved it.  The staff has always been friendly here and they run a clean establishment.  They have some board games for the kids to keep them busy while you wait or eat in.  They also have a punchcard system that, for every 10 crepes you buy, you get the 11th free.  With our family and a few friends eating there, it doesn't take terribly long to fill up a card on a few visits.  We will definitely keep coming back.
4	After having a savory crepe at Suzuya, when I got home, my tummy was telling me "Mike, it's time.. for a sweet one". I thought to myself, "Where is a place close to my house that sells crepes?" And I remembered, CS&W. I jumped in my car, and went here ASAP!!CS&W is located on Eastern, past Horizon Ridge, in the same complex as Trader Joe's and Sears. It's a new place that has been opened for less than 2 years and has been getting rave reviews on yelp.Inside, the store is clean, really clean. It has a modern vibe, furthermore, it is bright and airy. The staff is very friendly, professional, but very approachable. After ordering, I sat down and waited. After about a few minutes, they brought my order to me.Rebel Special Crepe - Strawberries, Nutella, Bananas. I added the vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. The crepe is more chewier than the ones at Suzuya or Crepe Expectations. It tasted O.K., just o.k. The nutella sauce they used was amazing. The bananas tasted good too. The whipped cream and Thrifty brand ice cream were very good. But, I do have a couple gripes. Now, I'm not a big fan of overly sweet desserts. But, IMO, this could have used some more sweetness. Also, the strawberries had little flavor. Maybe if they used Harry's berries, it could have been better. The crepe was a 3.Classic Waffle - Nutella, Bananas, Toasted Almonds. This time I added whipped cream and Thrifty's Cookies and Cream Ice cream. They also put a side of pancake syrup in a small container for me. For my personal preference, I'm not really into soft waffles. But, even though it was soft, the waffle had really good flavor. The nutella sauce, bananas, ice cream, almonds, and whipped cream were very good. What really elevated the waffle was the pancake syrup. It provided the right amount of sweetness for this dish, and it tied all the flavors together. Without the syrup, like the crepe, it wouldn't have been sweet enough. A big 4 to 4.5 for this one.I spent about 5 to 6 dollars for each item, it's a very good deal. I would recommend the waffle over the crepe, and I do urge you to get the pancake syrup and pour it on top before you eat it. That's my story and i'm sticking to it. Good day, sir.
5	Great place for dessert! Refreshingly different and fun to eat. The staff is very friendly as well.
5	A friend of mine showed me this gem and I am eternally grateful.The staff is very friendly and the owner is always there so that's something to admire. The interior is extremely clean and simple. Very refreshing. I get the Rebel Special every single time with two scoops of vanilla, it's one of my favorite things to snack on. I've gone through at least three of the stamp cards and I talk about this place all the time.I also love the fact that they sell little asian goodies and delicious beverages.
5	The Rebel Special is my FAV!  AND they carry Thrify's ice cream!  YUM!  Very different then other crepes I've had in the past.
4	Wandering the local shops and checking out parts of Nevada I'd never before had the chance to explore a later stop would take me to "Crepe Shack & Waffles," another Henderson newcomer where I at first considered another waffle but instead went with a crepe - the right choice, I'm rather certain, as the fluffy and light disk was made-to-order by a friendly young woman named Sandra and subsequently rolled into a cone and stuffed chock-a-block full of Banana Nut Ice Cream, Brown Sugar, Cinnamon, Fresh Bananas, Caramel, and a dash of Sea Salt.Apparently a Japanese trend now gaining popularity on both coasts and featuring a large, spacious, and modern look with friendly servers, myriad options, and great prices ($5 for a crepe cone, $6 for a topped waffle) this is definitely a trend I can support, though in an ideal situation a place doing such a thing with house-made ice creams and condiments would be all the more appealing - and to find that in Vegas I think the best option is a crepe and some ice cream or gelato at Jean-Philippe in the Bellagio at nearly twice the price.
4	I've driven past this place many times and always wondered if it was any good.  So the other day while being dragged to Trader joes by the wife, We decided to give it a shot.The thing that really brought me in was the thrifty ice cream sign as it brings back childhood memories of actual thrifty retail stores in so. California that served ice cream near the cash wrap.Upon entering it was completely empty and I thought maybe we made a mistake, But alas one of the staff members approached us and asked if this was our first time and he then proceeded to explain the menu and the fact that the crepes are Japanese style, meaning they are rolled like a burrito in the shape of an ice cream cone.He recommended a few things and we ended up getting the rebel and a waffle cone with rainbow sherbert and black cherry. The crepe was very delicious and the thrifty ice cream tasted just as I remember.The staff was very friendly and helpful and the treats were excellent! We will be returning.A Solid 4 star establishment.
5	Randomly came in as I'm not usually on this side of town, but I've never been in a creperie before.. at least not one like this! First off, I loooooove me some waffles!! And this place smelled so sweet when I walked in. You could have things such as rocky road themed crepes or waffles or even just plain ice cream. I am a sweet tooth fiend, so all of the options were just overwhelming! I ordered the waffle with blueberries, strawberries, cheesecake, side of whip and strawberry cheesecake ice cream. DELISH!!! haha. If ever I'm on this side of town again, I'll be sure to make another visit.
5	We had been wanting to check this place out for a long time since it was in our area. I'm mad at myself for taking so long to eat here. This place makes desert crepes/waffles and they are quality and delicious. I ordered The Classic Waffle with Bananas, Nutella and a scoop of Thrifty's Rocky Road Ice Cream w/whipped cream. The guy working over our food looked like some sort of wizard. He was so thorough and fun to watch. We got two Waffles with the works for only $6 each! I expected them to be at least $9 or more. They also serve ice cream scoops with a multitude of different toppings. Anything you want. With the recent addition of Thrifty's I hope that this place gets the traffic flow it deserves. It is definitely a hidden treasure. We loved it!
5	Stopped by Crepe Shack for a very sweet lunch. Was my first visit, and I found the store very clean and the staff quite helpful. I got the Cookie Monster, and it was delicious. The ingredients were fresh and it was well made. Looking forward to returning one day.
5	I drive all the way from Summerlin just for a crepe :)
3	Pretty good but can't say I was amazed. The toppings are good and the icecream is good but it's nothing I can't make at home. Idk, I don't see myself craving this ever and I was raised on crepes.
4	A friend of mine recommended we give this place a try for some yummy dessert. He was definitely onto something. The place is clean and bright; there are tables and board games inviting you to stay and enjoy your dessert. The staff is friendly and efficient at getting you your treats in record time. You can even watch them make the crepes right in front of you.  On my first visit I had the Rebel Special - strawberries, banana, and Nutella - how can  you go wrong? I chose to have vanilla ice cream on mine and was not disappointed. The crepe was light and a perfect compliment to the filling. My husband had the bananas foster - banana, brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel - my only wish was that the filling was warm. On our next visit I was craving apple pie, did I mention I was nine months pregnant? They had the perfect solution, the apple a la mode - apple, sugar, cinnamon, caramel, and graham cracker. It was almost like a slice of pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. Again, I wished that the filling was warm, but it definitely hit the spot and quelled my pregnancy craving. I am excited to try out some of the other combinations, I get the feeling you can't go wrong. I love that you can easily eat them without utensils, you just bite right in. This is a light and delicious treat that won't leave you feeling guilty, so go give it a try! Oh and get the punch card, you'll need it!
3	East Meets West and Apple ala Mode are my faves. Unfortunately, I have a lot of food allergies so I can't have too many of their menu items.
5	I love this joint but my 3 visits a week are packing on the pounds. They usually have a groupon now deal that saves you $3 on two crepes
5	WoW. The waffles were so freaking good!
5	Love their waffles and crepes. Prompt and pleasant service. Very clean and spacious. Great hangout. You can savor your waffles along with board games, magazines or chit chat with your family.
4	Hubby and I really enjoyed the crepe we each had. I had the Rebel and he the Bananas Foster.  No too heavy, perfect ending to a nice late-August evening.  Now we have to try out the other flavors.
5	MUST GO!!!!! I've been going to Crepe Shack and Waffles for awhile now and it seems like their product gets better every time. I usually get the "Not So Plain Waffle" it's a plain waffle cut into forth and dusted with powder sugar & cinnamon. It comes with a dab of whip cream (I can tell it's freshly made) and a side of syrup. The waffles are light and crispy, basically everything one can wish for in a waffle. In addition, the crepes are amazing as well. This place sells "Japanese style" crepes which means the crepes and rolled into a "cone" shape and inside is filed with fresh fruits, toppings, ice cream, and whip cream. Overall, the place is bright, clean, and well organized. The employees are very friendly and helpful. I will definalty be going back!
5	Love this place crepes are ok but the waffles are fabulous. We take the kiddos every Wednesday for dollar scoop day  Their crepes are Japanese crepes so they are not on the sweet side but they are good . Topped with thriftys ice cream  yummy
5	Love Crepe Shack! The apple a la mode is my favorite! Great place great atmosphere great staff
4	Oh my YUM!! I really wanted dessert after having dinner in the area, so when CS&W came up on my search (good thing I put that bookmark there!), I was excited to go. I really like the space - open, friendly, welcoming, colorful. The gentleman who took our order was very nice and kindly explained that they offered Japanese-style crepes and waffles, how to order, and the popular combinations. I went with one of the popular specialty crepes - Bananas Foster with vanilla ice cream (love that they serve Thrifty!) and no whipped cream. Fresh bananas, brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel with the freshly-made crepe, so yummy!! I was very happy! My brother ordered the Nutty Buddha (hehe) which had peanut butter, bananas, and Nutella. The man was enjoying himself as well. I got a little messy since I wanted to save some of the ice cream for the bottom, but it didn't work so well haha. It was fun watching them make the crepes as well! I wish I got more photos, but they were too quick. Next time! Anyway, I checked in too late to use my 10% off check-in offer. Silly me. But I am very pleased that I was offered a stamp card immediately proceeding my purchase! I wish it were closer to my home, but I will try to go as often as I'm in the area!
5	So yummy that you'll be addicted. Lots of selection and never disappoints. Board games out for customers use while out for deserts. Also ask for a stamp card; why not get rewards for your purchases. Just another sweet bonus I guess!
1	All I have to say is that I just showed up to this place for breakfast at 8 AM and they're not even open. If you're going to serve breakfast items, at least be open for breakfast.
4	I came here with my sister at her suggestion. It did take me a minute to locate it in the back corner of a mall near a Trader Joe's. Place is clean and fairly large. The guys working were welcoming and friendly. Very willing to give whatever information is needed. This interesting concept is a first for I. A crepe that is wrapped into a cone to hold ice cream and other toppings. They did have ice cream, shakes and other types of sweets. I decided on the Nutty Buddha with vanilla ice cream. The toppings weere peanut butter, bananas and Nutella spread. It was very interesting to attack it. I was told to squeeze out the insides and eat it like that. But I tried to eat some of the crepe so I wouldn't be left with only crepe at the end. I would have liked alot more ice cream but that's just my love of ice cream talking lol.These Japanese style crepes are worth trying at least once. It's like having a waffle cone but instead of crispy, its soft, chewy and warm.
3	Came in for a preflight snack and ordered the Nutella and banana crepe. I liked everything except for the crepe. It was not as crispy as I would have liked it and had had before. When watching them make it, they only brown one side, and the batter was a little too thick for me. If they thinned out the batter and browned both sides, maybe.I'm sure a lot of other people like them, but it's just not or me.
5	Dessert crepes.  A very pleasant change for dessert.   The fruit is fresh and the crepes and waffles are good.   Waffles still tasty if you bring them home.  The waffles are best eaten fresh.  All crepes and waffles come with ice-cream.
5	Delicious!!! Perfectly ripe fruit. Clean, clean, clean. Stay a while and play a board game.
5	Great ice cream with plentiful flavors.  Awesome crepes and waffles!Great service!  Can't wait to go back again!
2	Kiddi got Bananas Foster Crepe & I got the Rebel Special..yummmmmm!Two stars b/c they only have sweet fillings & the crepe itself falls apart.
5	I found this place through Yelp and since the pictures looked amazing, I wanted to try it out. I was definitely not disappointed! When I entered the shack, the employee at the counter greeted me and explained about the crepes and waffle as well as the various flavors they had. He also told me the popular flavors.I decided to order the camp out smore as a crepe with vanilla ice cream and whip cream and paid. I sat down at the table and watched as my crepe was made. When it was ready, the employee came to my table and handed me my crepe.From the first bite to the last, I was in delicious crepe heaven! My only complaint is that it wasn't bigger so I could have more of it. If I'm ever in the neighborhood, I'm definitely coming here to have another crepe.
5	The crepes are wonderful, and the staff is very kind!
4	Really good ice cream and crepes! I love the Berry one and the Apple one they are very good! I love how they make everything right in front of you and you can watch them make your crepe or waffle. I will be coming back here for sure when I go shopping at Trader Joes again
5	Lei has done an incredible job!  The simplicity, creativity, style, and taste is unmatchable.  The store is very nice and clean! Plenty of room to sit and enjoy your creation!  I Totally challenge the skeptical to taste them, you'll be hooked.Keep up the good work!
4	I want to try everything here!!!!  Over a course of a long time though!  Everything here is freshly made and looks sooo yummy!  A great place to end a date or just an excuse to get out of the house after dinner for dessert!
5	This place couldn't be better. Fresh crepes, fruit, and Thrifty's ice cream for $1 a scoop! They're friendly, quick, and not expensive like the French crepe spots. I went in on a Friday night to find friends playing board games. Perfect for a low key hang out!
5	My favorite place for a treat. I get one filled with kiwi, pineapple, strawberry, and coconut, w/ pineapple coconut ice cream, on a crepe. SOOO GOOD! My daughter chooses this place over other dessert places, every time. Also, it is very clean and the service is always great.
5	This place is super convenient right in the same shipping center as trader joes. They have a bunch of games so you can hang out while you eat your delicious creeps. They are not your traditional, folded over served on a plate, crepe but rather you eat I'd like you're enjoying an ice cream cone. The ice cream options are great and there topping are cut fresh I order.
5	This place is so good!!! I am living in southwest las vegas so I cannot go often BUT whenever I have timw to goto henderson then I visit here to eat crepe everytime! I think here  's crepe is best in henderson and las vegas
5	Great yummy crepes & waffles! Plus Thriftys ice cream? My fave!! Love this place. Workers are also very friendly & helpful.
5	Been here twice now and I plan on coming more often. I hope this place never goes out of business cuz I might have to start a riot :/
5	Quite honestly, I don't know how I manage to contain myself from coming here more often than I do! This place is AWESOME! "Rebel Sensation" is my favorite. Banana, Strawberry, warm Nutella and one scoop of ice cream. Holy Jesus! The Crepe is made to perfection, just the right amount of thinness, just the right size to where you don't feel like going into a state of dessert-coma, and the ice cream is perfectly sweet, not too rich, giving your sweet tooth the capacity to handle the entire crepe! The staff is amazing, always a clean establishment and don't forget to check in on Yelp for 10% off your purchase!
4	I love me some Japanese style crepes, and this one is no exception! Handheld and crepe was light as a feather. There were so many options to choose from! I ended up getting the banana creme pie with cheesecake bits, graham pieces, and bananas topped with cappuccino chip flavored ice cream. :) The coffee flavored balanced the sweetness and creaminess of the other toppings well!
5	I love everything about this place! Very good Japanese crepes, waffles, fresh fruits, clean, and the staff are very friendly and alert! They have a big selection of fruit combinations, and non fruit combos that goes very well together.
5	My friends always talk about this place so i decided i'd give it it a shot since I was near by. The location is very nice,clean, and bright. the menu is so easy to understand and the staff is really nice. they also ask you if you've been there before then go on to inform you about what they have to offer. I tried the cookie monster with cookie dough ice cream and it was great. I would deff recomend it to my other friends plus you get 10% off when you check in.
4	Yes Im a huge fan of East Meets West their specialty crepe! It has red bean paste, condensed milk, mochi bites and your choice ice cream ..and of course that's Green Tea ice cream for me. I love it. If you ask me what else they have, I honestly don't know because I always get this. Pretty rare for a place to offer red beans in their dessert menu, so I come here specifically for it.I know there are a lot of yummy sounding creations though plus you can customize your own crepe or waffle. The crepes are made to order and it's not your usual eggy type crepe. It's Japanese style. This one is soft and a bit chewy in texture, tastes remind me of an almond cookie. It's thin and pliable and rolled in to the shape of a cone and stuffed with ice cream, toppings and/or fresh fruit. I remember the owner telling me they use what's available in season.The shop is pretty spacious, clean, practically spotless.There is seating both outdoors and inside. The staff has always been cool, friendly and helpful.  There's always some kind of special they run. Stamp cards, Yelp app check in discount. OH...and they use Thrifty Ice Cream! Need I say more?
5	I grew up visiting the nearest Rite Aid several times a week after school, just for their "Thrifty" ice cream.  Now that I've discovered Crepe Shack & Waffles, I no longer have to buy my beloved Chocolate Malted Krunch in the same place that sells laxatives and toilet booster seats.  Not to mention their "Dollar Scoop Wednesdays;" I'm so there.
4	great customer service. Had a classic-tasted quite good.
5	I love this place! It just hit the spot. They have pre-planned flavors you can get on a waffle or crepe. They also carry thriftys ice cream. They make the waffles and crepes from scratch. The price is good, the staff is friendly, and the place is clean with fresh ingredients! I'll definitely be back.
4	It was excellent.  Waffles were not too thick... airy and well balanced (not too sweet) Topping seemed a little generic, but that may be because of what I ordered.  They're very quick and efficient and its fun to watch them make the crepes. I also really like Thrifty ice cream... its yummy!  Unfortunately, I remember how much the ice cream costed when I was young so its strange spending this much (but it is really good!)I will be back with my family and friends to try more.  I think they have a fun ice cream special on Wednesdays!
5	Great dessert place with a friendly and clean atmosphere.   These are the best dessert crepes in town.  Sit down, eat a crepe and play a game.   I take my nieces here all the time....they love it.
5	Everything about this place is delicious. I ordered The Split crepe with cookies and cream ice cream to share with my husband and daughter. I immediately regretted sharing. I'm super bummed that I'm just now finding this gem of a place. (Moving in a few weeks.)
5	Always a pleasure to hang out here after school with my friends. With plenty of board games and creeps sweeter than Kirby on a sugar rush, this place will keep friends and family entertained, too! The workers are friendly, as well as the manager. Also! If you subscribe to their text message service, you can keep up with special deals that they make on the fly!
5	I rarely get cravings for sweets, but when I do this is the place to go to fulfill them.Who doesn't love crepes? The softness of the pancake in relation with the ice cream, whip cream and fruits is enough to make me die and go to heaven. They have so many toppings and flavors! Not to mention, if you're a fan of Thrifty's Ice Cream - that's the type they serve here. My go to is ALWAYS the rebel special which consist of strawberry, banana, and nutella. I opt for vanilla flavor though since I don't want anything to overpower the deliciousness that nutella has to offer. PLUS! Nutella and vanilla is a classic pairing that you can't go wrong with.The place itself is very modern, clean, and spacious. There's even some board games customers can play to kill time while hanging out. If I was still in high school and lived in this area.. I would use this place as a meet-up spot or something.As long as I continue to work in Henderson or whenever I'm in the area and craving something sweet (which like I stated is rare) - Crepe Shack here I come!
4	Pretty tasty. Not quite the same as having a crepe in Paris, but not bad either. I had the 'East Meets West' crepe and added green tea ice cream. I'm a big fan of Asian flavors, and this crepe hit the spot. My crepe was wrapped in red bean paste, covered in mochi, and topped with condensed milk. Really good stuff and a friendly staff! I appreciated the 10% off with check in as well.
5	I got the Maui crepe with coconut pineapple ice cream. My dining partners got the rocky road and east meets west. All 3 were delicious. Store is clean with open decor. All of the guys behind the counter were friendly. I really enjoyed our visit and almost ordered a second crepe even though that would have been overload. Great place, certain to return.
2	I have trusted Yelp a lot so tried. Really?? I could not think this place is great ;;Nothing special.  Not many toppings;;Also, I do not like their 'Tip-pushing' card reader.It was very unpleasant  experience to be asked pay tips before I get my food.I will not go there again.
5	Always love coming in to this place.  The service and the product are always top notch.
4	Crepe batter seemed better suited for waffles. Fruit was fresh and tasty, icecream was ok but not blow your mind and service was friendly. Overall I would recommend if you're in the mood for a crepe or waffle with icecream and or fruit toppings, but if you are from somewhere else that had crepes of a similar style you may want to wait until you get back home.This place was near our hotel and was worth stopping by. We had some for a late breakfast. It's not very expensive (~$6 ea) but not very filling either.
5	My go-to place for crepes! I've been coming here since it first opened in 2011. The food here is always great; the fruits are always fresh, and I never get disappointed with the food quality. The food is even affordable enough to serve as a great after-school snack for kids! The staff members are very nice, and they will sometimes deliver the food to your table during slow hours. One of the best mom and pop food places in Henderson!
2	First timer: hmm I really don't know what to say... Id like to say that I'm serious about waffles... Waffle here are mediocre at best... A little too crumbly for my taste, not really any texture, kinda like a fragile chip more like it... the ice cream sandwich was good BUT if you take  the time to go to LAPPERTS in California hotel, you can get an ice cream sandwich with double/triple the scoop, and a dinner plate size bigger cookie for the same exact price... I really don't understand the hype of this place?
5	This is the place I suggest to friends when we want to catch up. The waffles are freshly made, and the guys/gals behind the counter always add a generous amount of ice cream, whip cream, and topping. The employees will always ask if we have been here before which is nice because some of my friends have never been here before and they always explain briefly the choosing process.
5	That smell though. =)That's the first thing that invites you in, is that yummy aroma of crepes & waffles.  It is always clean and bright inside and the staff is always friendly.  They are patient and will help you choose the right flavor.I usually stick with the following choices: (forgive me if I can't remember the exact names)- East meets West. Great combination of red bean, condensed milk and mochi. Best topped off green tea ice cream. I prefer this as a crepe.- Strawberry cheesecake.  I love this on a waffle and get strawberry cheesecake ice cream and extra condensed milk syrup.- Bananas foster.  I prefer this on a waffle as well.- Apple pie a la mode. I love the flavors of apple pie and this is great as a crepe or waffle.Another plus is that they use Thrifty ice cream.  I like chocolate malt crunch and birthday cake.
4	After looking at the pictures of their delicious creations, I had to check it out for myself.  Before this, I've only had the traditional crepes that are rolled with sauce and toppings drizzled over it.   Here they have Japanese crepes.   It is filled with the dessert toppings and scoop of ice cream of your choice.  They have many options with pre-determined filling.  It's great for people like me who can't make a decision.   The crepes and waffles are made there when you order.  I chose the banana cheese pie crepe filled with cheesecake, white chocolate sauce, bananas, graham crackers and whipped cream.  Can I get a hell yeah?! I went with vanilla ice cream so it wouldn't take away from the others toppings.  The crepe itself is formed into a waffle cone shape to hold all of the goodness.  I loved it! It's different and fulfills my sugar craving.  A friend of mine ordered a dessert waffle.  Honestly it was just ok.  I'd choose the crepe over that.   Service was great.  Both gentlemen were very helpful and friendly.  They made our first visit a delight! I am happy to add this to my dessert list!
5	Such a cute area. The service is fast and they are really helpful.The concept is so cute and different.The ice cream they use in thrifty and the rest is quite unique. The crepe is a bit thick for my liking but definitely a cool thing to try.We tried the nutty Buddha-substitute the bananas for Oreos and it tastes better. The classic-very good but get extra sauce because it starts to taste dry Banana foster-get extra ice cream! I tried it with vanilla and it was a good choice if you like bananasMatt was awesome!! Overall it was 4 stars but the concept and staff made it a 5!
4	Clean establishment with VERY friendly staff. They take their time to explain the concept and help you through ordering (in the event you're undeceive.) FUN mini date for my son and I
5	YUM YUM YUM. I found this place on yelp and I had to try it.    When I got there they have 2 choices, you either get a crepe cone or a waffle. I had to pick the crepe cone because I've never heard of such thing!    I picked the Banana's foster crepe with vanilla ice cream and an extra scoop of it, it was like heaven on my first bite! I am definitely going back.   I suggest getting an extra scoop of ice cream because one scoop just isn't enough!    I am definitely coming back whenever I'm in town.
4	It's a little pricey for what you get, but it's delicious! They have so many choices and the service has always been great. The staff has always been super friendly and helpful. Definitely one of my go-to places for dessert.
4	So I've won a bet recently with my boyfriend and I wanted to go get dessert somewhere we have never been. I was doing my research and came across the reviews and the eye catching pictures that were posted by other Yelpers and thought this place would be best. Walking into the Crepe Shack & Waffles already confirmed that I had chosen the right place. The smell of waffles and crepes being made in front of you was heavenly and sweet! The interior is also colorful, clean, and inviting. What made things even better was the option to come up with your own combination of ice cream, toppings, and syrup choice. Since it was my first time coming I went with the classic on a crepe cone, which came with banana, almonds, and nutella with my choice of vanilla ice cream. My boyfriend on the other hand had the strawberry sensation: strawberries, cheesecake bites, and strawberry syrup. It was no surprise to us that the crepe cones were delicious hearing all the good things about this place, but the one thing we didn't care for was that they separated the ice cream from all the toppings. We thought it would have been much better to have our ice cream together with our syrup and toppings. It was like one side had ice cream and the other side nuts and nutella. Also the crepes tasted a bit bland. There was no flavor or sweetness of its own. We felt like this was something we could make at home.Other than that this place is good. I'm definitely coming back to try their cookie ice cream sandwich.
5	If you're anywhere near vegas, go here!  Crepes are like big ice cream cones with a delicious soft crepe filled with anything you want.  The cookie sandwiches are awesome!   Best chocolate chip cookies ever!
5	Amazing food, customer service and a decent variety of items so that it is not too overwhelming to choose but gives you choices.  They have games to play while eating and cater to children and adults.
5	OMG!!! The best, I wish we would have found this our first night on vacation instead of our last. We wanted ice cream and we're looking for a cold stone and stumbled across this place, SO MUCH BETTER, fruits, ice cream either on a freshly made waffle or wrapped in a freshly made crepe. This hit the spot for us. The service was friendly and they had games we played while we ate our treats. Thanks for a wonderful visit.
4	If you like Japanese Style Crepe & Waffle, you should come this place and try it.  $$ Price for $$$$$ Food. Highly recommended
4	Rebel Sensation crepe was very tasty! Good service and friendly staff. We'll be back.
4	Very tasty!! I had the Mix with yogurt. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely return. My mom said "it was so good she almost wanted to lick the plate!" :-)
5	Omg I cane here yard ago when I was just visiting and finally came back.....it still taste the same....delicious! There is such a wide selection and ways that you can have your desert. The crepes are rolled up like a ice cream cone and fresh fruit ice or yogurt and whip cream can be added. They also have waffles that they dress like a funnel cake. I have tries the crepe with all the different berries and the bananas foster, both were amazing! The crepe is not sweet but just the right  flavor for a sweet treat. First choice when I am craving something sweet!!
5	I noticed this place just perchance leaving Trader Joes. I had time, so I stopped in. I checked in to Yelp to take advantage of the discount.First off: the guy at the register was super friendly and helpful because I had no idea what I wanted. He either really likes his job or the owner was standing behind him.I went with the East Meets West crepe. It was fantastic. I have to stress, the manner in which the crepes are presented is not the traditional. They are wrapped as if a cone around ice cream and held in hand rather than delivered on a plate. But don't let this deter you, this was a good afternoon treat to spoil my dinner.
5	Crepes are soo good !!! Definatly coming back
5	Great place for a little dessert snack in between any errands you might have to run. They have a great selection of different kind of flavors from chocolatey to fruity. The service was great, as soon as we walked in we were greeted and asked if we have ever been there, and they also explained the menu to us making it a whole lot easier to order. The only thing I was disappointed about was that I found this place on my last day in Vegas and on the way going back home.
3	This place was ok, but nothing to write home about, and certainly not worthy of a 5 star rating.  The quality of food, and price paid just aren't a match for me.  The service was good, but it just isn't a place I will return to.  There is much better out there.
5	This place is basically a better Cold Stone for half the price.  Get the Ice Cream Sandwich, then come back and get it again.We came here late one night right before it closed but the workers were very nice and helpful.  The fact that they were so nice in this situation makes me want to come back even more.I'm going to keep coming here to try everything on the menu.
4	The waffles are so light and fluffy and the idea of using a crepe in place of a waffle cone is the most ingenious and delicious idea ever.
4	3 1/2 stars. This place isn't bad. Never had a crepe wrapped up like this and it was just ok to me. Definitely prefer the French style better, you get more of the crepe flavor. This style, the crepe is more to hold the ice cream and whatever else you order in. The waffle was pretty solid. I'd definitely order the waffle over the crepe. What I thought was cool was that they've a small selection of old-school board games on a shelf so they obviously don't mind people hanging out there for a bit.
4	Love the East meet West crepe, it comes with red beans, mochi, and the ice cream at your selection. Simple and yummy!!The coffee is pretty good here, too!
5	The deserts are always on point, nice quite environment and the board games are pretty cool.
5	First timer, the worker chris helped me out with toppings and what ice cream to get. He was a very great help. Great personality, service, and hair. Also, this crepe he made was amazing 10/10. Its like god gave him the hands to craft such greatness. Just simply beautiful. Thanks again chris, hope his manager gives him some recognition because this is a classy guy. God bless. Pece.
2	Customized my own waffle with Nutella, strawberries, and ice cream. They were stingy with the strawberries and Nutella. My dessert looked very sad. Won't be coming back.
4	Great!
1	I was craving for crepe and Crepe Expectation was closed, so I drove all the way here to give it a try, with their 4.5 stars I thought it will be worth the drive but I was wrong. The guy did not even flip my crepe over and when I asked he said it was hot enough that it will cook both sides. It is not the same. It will not cook right if you don't flip it. LAZINESS is what it is.
2	Boring. That's about it. I don't have much of a sweet tooth, so I might hold an impassive attitude. My daughter got a Nutella and strawberry crepe, hubby got a Nutella and banana and I had the coffee ice cream/mocha crepe. None were overly spectacular. The decor is pretty basic and plain. They do have just Thrifty ice cream if you are looking for that instead of a crepe experience.  The staff was very nice though.
5	Stopped here on our way out of Vegas. They serve Japanese style crepes, which apparently means crepes rolled up like ice cream cones with filling. Delicious and fun to eat. Followed it with a waffle to split.They had a large stack of games in the corner, and my friend and I played connect four while we waited and ate the waffle. I lost though, sadness.
5	I love this restaurant. Its right next to my house and it my fall back to No. 1 Boba Tea. They serve desserts crepe, waffles, ice cream sandwiches, ice cream, etc. I love their nuttella and banana waffle. They also have good ice cream sandwiches. If you are in anthem areas then check out this location. It'll satisfy your sweet tooth.
4	Lovely yummy hidden treasure in our neighborhood.....  Soooooooo good.  The smell is incredible, so many choices, and healthy choices, and cooked to order.  Treat yourself early in the morning and start your day in spectacular way!!!!  We love it here...  Good spot for the grandkids too.
2	They make everything look good and I like having the choice of what to put on my waffle or crepe but the crepes are not delicious at all.The crepes are a lot thinner and bland, basically like eating paper. If you haven't had a crepe before you might think it's good, but honestly I've had much better. Stick to the waffles!
3	I had a groupon for this place and my husband and i stopped in one night. They had a nice size crowd in there so I figured we were in for a good desert. I ordered the crepe and ice cream and my husband just ordered pistacio ice cream. I got mine and there was no ice cream and they gave me his in a cup. I had to go back up and advise my ice cream was missing, I gues they guy thought i was ordering a palin crepe with ice cream to the side which is odd since my flavor and my husbands was different. The did fix it at no charge which i thought was nice. I think due to the volume maybe that was the cause of the mistake. I would recomend this place the food is good and you get to see them make the crepe's in front of you.
5	Not only are the crepes amazing every time, the staff is also outstanding. I've gone here since they've opened. Never a disappointment and always a great treat!!
3	This place was okay. I ordered a strawberry and Nutella crepe and expected it to be good since it was simple. I was kind of disappointed because I barely got any Nutella and the crepe itself was soggy. I was expecting some crunch since it was a thin shell, but that didn't happen. It was nice trying this place once, but I wouldn't go back. The yelp discount was nice though. They also use thrifty brand ice cream for their crepes.
3	Here's the quick and dirty. I can see how some people may like it here. However if you've ever had a real crepe this place won't do it for you. The toppings are very standard although they have lots, it's all sweet or sweeter nothing really exciting or new happening here.
3	Crepe Shack and Waffles is okay. The service is good, the venue nice. But I wasn't a fan of the crepes or waffles. The ice cream was too melted. I felt there was too much crepe to ice cream ratio. And the waffles were too hard. I may be biased though because I'm happy with just ice cream.
5	My one go-to stop when I'm craving crepes. Best in the town plus they have some board games you can play while hanging out enjoying their delicious crepes. #cravingssatisfied
5	Love this place always smells so yummy  always fresh and tasty!!!! Staff super friendly
5	We love this place. Crepes are a great dessert and eating them with ice-cream and fruits makes them even better. Our favorite is the Tickle me Berry. The place is not too busy, have several games to play if you come with kids. And you can watch your crepe being prepared to your order. After a dinner in the area, head over to the Crepe Shack & Waffles for a great ending. Recommended.
