3	One of the new places in the food court that is still undergoing renovation in the Excalibur Hotel. They currently have a deal (coupon required) in which you can get a free medium drink with the purchase of a 2 chicken item combo. Good place to eat at if you just want a quick and cheap meal. I prefer this place more than Panda Express.
3	Pick Up Stix is back!All Las Vegas area locations closed a while back, and I was a little heartbroken. I love their fried rice and cream cheese won tons!When I heard about the Excalibur location, I was excited to get some of my beloved fried rice. Never mind having to drive to the Strip to get it, I was committed. The food court has been remodeled and is not hard to get to on the 2nd floor of the casino. I was diasappointed that this is a quick serve layout, which means a Panda Express type layout instead of the traditional made to order Pick Up Stix I love. Alas, they had fried rice but you can't get it with plan shrimp or chicken, only with the fancy entree items such as orange chicken or spicy shrimp. The employee was very helpful as she saw my diasappointment at the offerings, and she told me about the kid's meal with fried rice. This is not posted on the menu, and it was a pretty good deal. The fried rice was a little different than I remember, but was good enough for me to go back.
1	Don't go here for a late night fix - they close earlier than stated/advertised. When questioned about it their staff said their clocks said it was closing time - perhaps their clock is 10 minutes fast, or the staff was just trying to close up a wee bit early...Maybe for the best - unlike any other location I've visited (and I'm normally a raving fan of Pick Up Stix), all the food at this location isn't made fresh to order. It's pre-made and sits in warming trays. I'll need to go to the LA area to get my fix.
1	This place is a joke.  Pick Up Stix, you need to pick up your attitude, show some smiles,  and stop hating your job.  I came here twenty minutes prior to closing.  They had run out of most of their food, but there was still a huge line.  I ordered the kung pao chicken and the orange chicken.  There were almost no other options.  They were rationing what little food they had to the customers waiting in line.  Everyone surely did not get what they paid for.  The staff members that were packing the boxes were extremely rude and seemed like they rather be doing something else.  The owner needs to work with these employees, and either needs re-train them in customer service, or fire them.  As for the food, there was very little in the box.  The fried rice was hard and grainy.  The noodles were overly sauced, and salty.  The orange chicken was too sweet, and was soggy.  The kung pao chicken was all sauce and vegetables.  It was overall very disgusting.  The food was terrible, served alongside terrible service.
1	Rice wasn't cooked all the way. The servers were really nasty and didn't act professional.
1	Wow, this place is really gross and it's expensive (cuz it's Vegas). My friend and I shared a fried rice and two sides of kung pao chicken and veggies. The fried rice was really salty, the kung pao chicken and veggies were just ok. To say the least, we wasted a lot of food. My friend wasn't feeling well from our partying the night before, so she didn't want to eat Popeye's, which our guy friends got. I think I'd MUCH rather prefer fried chicken. Pick Up Stix is pretty much another Panda Express...gross, unauthentic food. Sigh.
1	If I could give negative stars I would... A three side plate is 8.99 the serving is small and all the food is beyond greasy and salty. I never knew green beans could be soooo horribly drenched in oil and salt!!! :( please please do yourself a favor and do not come here... The girls working had the most sour of attitudes and looked sounded like they were hating life and their existence ... There are better fast food options within walking , tram and taxi distance
1	Unfortunately Yelp won't let me give it zero stars. For serving raw food and denying a refund even when I presented my credit card they should be sued. I just didn't have the energy or patience to do that. The staff is rude And the place is terrible. Located in the Excalibur food court. Don't go!
3	I come typically come here when I'm at Excalibur because the food is decent, depending on what you get. The food is Asian fusion but some of it is way too oversauced and salty. But for some reason I still like to come here...probably because it's the only location in Vegas. If given an option though, I'd probably choose Panda Express over this Pick Up Stix.
1	Slow service considering they just had to scoop the food into containers and the food was so salty i couldnt even eat it all... Avoid this place!
2	I was very disappointed when Pick Up Stix closes its locations around Vegas.   They made fresh food to order.   Now we get a mall version that is a pale imitation of the original.    I would recommend waiting for a fresh serving of any dish.  This location needs to step up its game.   China Max located around town is better than this joint right now.
2	Just under$4 for a one-item craving at midnight isn't a bad deal. Husband and I circled the Excalibur food court on foot a couple of times before I settled on fast-Asian (over McD's, Popeye's, Schlotzky's, a smoothie place, Krispy Kreme, or Auntie Anne's).Having no other meatless options I ordered just the fried green beans. They looked so over fried I sampled one first (samples are free, just ask). Thinking I could handle a full order I went for it. I finished off the night's supply. ($3.77)A couple oil-soaked napkins later and a LOT of oily sauce at the bottom of my container and I ditched the beans for a much healthier donut. (Not kidding. Def healthier). Friendly service, especially for the time off night, but at least have one mixed vegetable option! (No, veggie fried rice doesn't count). I regret my food and restaurant choices.
2	Let me begin by saying their honey chicken is great, but that's were it all ends.The orange chicken and fried rice tasted over cooked and burned.At $8.99 for a combo I expected better and I have had better at other locations.This location dropped the stix!Never Again.
1	We were not expecting much from a fast food type Asian cuisine place and this one lived up to our expectations. A very young disinterested crew was on duty with no obvious leadership in place. They were more interested in talking about their personal lives than giving prompt attention. A pass thru window allowed us to watch horseplay in the kitchen while the food pans ran empty up front. This caused us to have to wait even longer to get our food. When we finally got our food it was hot...and fresh and that's about the only positive thing about most of it. Rice was under cooked and crunchy the noodles were no better than a package of ramen available anywhere for under a quarter. Most dishes were heavily salted or drowned in so much soy sauce that's all you could taste. The price point was about the best thing about this meal but felt I overpaid with the quality of food and service. I feel I would have been better off going to the McDonalds just to the left of it. At least when I go there I pretty much know what I'm going to get....
1	Wow, seems I should've read reviews first! All of the food in this food court was pretty unappealing so we gave it a shot. 3 meats and much of it all tasted the same. Ended up throwing out most of the container. Best thing I had was the bottle of water.
1	I was craving Panda Express so I decided to make due with Pick Up Stix since we were staying at Excalibur. It was a terrible decision. I ordered the chow mein with green beans and some kind of chicken.  Everything on my tray was extremely salty and oily. Not only was the quality of the food lower than Panda Express, the price was also more expensive. $10 for a meal full of oil and salt? No thank you. Will definitely not be returning here ever again.
1	Did I just eat the dead sea? Aka the sea with the highest concentration of salt on earth? Cuz this food was salty :(
1	Don't go there if your staying at the excaliber hotel even if your going to just get a little snack before or after taking ur kids to go to the fun dungeon there food is not great and they even give small proportions not like panda express it's like the more expensive but generic version of it!!!!
1	We were excited to try this place as we missed the "real" restaurant version since it closed its location on Flamingo. This was NOTHING like the stand alone restaurant. They had the same options but did not taste anything like it. The meats were really bland and there was too much ginger in the noodles. They didn't even have the yummy potsticker sauce I remember from the old place. They just had a sweet and sour sauce that was not very good. We definitely will not be eating there again.
1	Definitely not worth your time or money despite being a "cheaper" option. It's my fault for craving Asian food at an old resort, but this isn't even up to Panda Express' standard. I ordered a 3-item combo so I could use one of my rewards coupons for a free drink, and it was a pitiful waste of $10.  I was better off getting $10 spicy McChickens. Vegetable fried rice was poorly cooked. Kind of soggy and grainy. The Kung Pow chicken was mostly water chestnuts and cardboard carrots. The "premium" extra dollar Thai shrimp was okay at best with plenty of onions. The beef broccoli was the best thing I had. The broccoli was cooked well but I don't even remember having much beef. So upsetting. Luckily I can use this as a business write off. Excuse me as I use the restroom to get rid of what I just ate.
1	I usually am not a picky eater and I love love love Chinese food. When we stayed in this hotel we ate here and it was awful. Everything tasted old and gross. The noodles were watery.
1	I would give this place 0 stars if I could!!!!  I Was So Upper When I Came Here Because There Is A Pick Up Stix Where I Live In Cali and it is AMAZING! !!!! I LOVE It! !!!! Such good, fresh food that they make right when you order it. The one in Excalibur in Vegas was fast food Panda express style and the food looked so greasy and nasty that I wouldn't even touch it with a ten foot pole! !!!!! The food looked like it was coated in mineral oil and they didn't even have tofu!!!!!!!!  I am going to complain to the awesome one in cali and tell them to fix it cuz it's a sad world when the people can't enjoy delicious pick up stix in Sin City........
3	Overwhelming usage of ginger on practically everything...fried rice, noodles, orange chicken and mildly on the House special ginger chicken.  Bourbon chicken and green beans were good.
1	This is like a low-grade panda express, and that's saying something.  I ordered the 2 item combo, and it was almost $10 without a drink.  They did let me get half rice and half noodles and then I opted for the Bourbon Chicken and Kung Pow Chicken.The rice and noodles were bland and awful.  The kung pow chicken only had four pieces of chicken in the whole scoop.  It was all vegetables.  The bourbon chicken was decent, but my mall foodcourt has better bourbon chicken.Only went here because it was attached to the casino I was staying in.  Would never go back.  Man, those noodles were gross.... ::shudders::
