5	Came in for lunch and ordered a pizza with my kids. Food and service was great. I like the atmosphere better now than when it was Boombozz. Hope this place stays around.
1	Just had the worst experience of my restaurant life. Went with a group of 15. The place was empty .  Took 20 minutes to get sodas. After an hour and a half wait we left without getting our food. Staff was unpleasant to boot.  I can't imagine this place will be around for long.
5	Just came in for a beer and a pizza, great service, the game was on tv, pretty relaxed atmosphere.  I'll be back for sure! Great staff, great food!!
5	Stopped in after some shopping for a bite to eat.  I had chicken fried steak and it was not the conventional chicken fried steak, more of a batter fried then a breaded and fried.  It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting.  My husband had the grilled ribeye.  He loved it., Our waitress Jamie was great.  She was friendly and  attentive, but not overly so.  She suggested dessert and I had the chocolate chip cookie,(freshly baked so it was still warm when she brought it to the table)  with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce.  It's a good size cookie enough for 2 and was delicious.  Will definitely go back again.
1	This place has awful service. We had to ask for a beer menu which the hostess had trouble locating. Hello it's a tap house. Anyway no one came to the table to say we'll be right with you so we finally walked out. Told the hostess and she say oh sorry. Never going back.
2	Service was slow and it was like the waitress didn't want to be there. Food came out quickly. I recommend the buffalo wings and house ranch sauce, but the fried fish and chicken fingers were completely absent of any flavor. No seasoning at all! Also, expensive so not quite 3 stars.
3	I liked it better as Boom Bozz. The staff wasn't all that friendly. The bartender looked like she just rolled out of bed with a flannel shirt on... Love the happy hour pizza (price went up to $5.50) and their beer cheese and pretzels (YUMM). Will I go again, yes. But I just think the staff and service was better when we went a month ago and it was still Boom Bozz.
3	Meh. That's it. The atmosphere reminds me of a Chili's or Applebee's or Buffalo Wild Wings; it's boring and plain and generic. The food has potential but needs work. We ordered the portobello mushroom app, buffalo wings, and artichoke dip, and had the Rooster Pizza for dinner. The mushroom was excellent, the wings were cooked well and tasted okay, but the artichoke dip tasted like it was out of a jar. And it was runny.  The bread with the artichoke dip was good.The Rooster pizza was good, but that was mostly attributable to the crust. The service was okay. I got confused as to who our server was as two people took our drink orders before anything arrived at our table. The guy who ended up as our server appeared to be busy or otherwise distracted. Not terrible, just room for improvement.The bar area looked to be a good place to watch a game and their beer list was excellent. There is potential here and I will likely come back to follow up, and maybe watch the Seahawks game here. I'd like them to improve on their food and service in the dining area, but if it's just a good place to go watch the game and have a beer, that would be okay by me.
1	Service was extremely slow, it was about an hour for a basic burger and there was no one in the place. Once we got our food it was over cooked and missing ingredients. We won't be back!
5	This is our first time here since the restaurant changed over from Boom Bozz. My burger was delicious, my husband loved the fish and chips, and my son really enjoyed the mac and cheese. The service was amazing, and we will definitely be back!!
1	Yesterday, mid day, the bartender was also working in the kitchen, there was one server and the plumbers were there. You can imagine how bad the service was and we sat at the bar! Nice beer selection though!
3	Honestly, I love the pizza here. It's my favorite in all of Gilbert. However, I'm struggling with the new concept. You can't fake being a local restaurant. It's very apparent that's what they're doing. The new menu is difficult to follow and doesn't even focus on the best food they have : pizza! The food also went up in price, which is funny since it's all the same food just with different names and descriptions. Then there are the inexperienced and lazy servers they're hired because no decent server wants to stay in that kind of slow environment. I desperately want to give this place a good review but I haven't been happy lately. Especially since they closed 2 hours early on a weeknight without notice. Why have closer times if you're just going to do what you want anyway?
3	I've been wanting to try the Pot Roast so I ordered it. One word: bummed. A bit salty. If you can get past the extra grease the roast is decent. I'm not sure where the vegetables were and the mashed potatoes were ok. For $14 you get the Pot Roast, side salad and creamed corn. Salad was very fresh and the cream corn had been sitting awhile. I'd pass on this choice, but not on the service. Service is always good:)
3	The pretzels with quest dip and spinach artichoke dip was delish! I had the buffalo chicken salad which was good. The service was poor however- it took a long time to be greeted, get drinks, put orders in. I had to ask for more water and for dressing for my salad. My boyfriend got a burger and when he asked for another side of ketchup the guy pointed to the tiny cup on his plate and said you have some already. I like the vibe of the place for a happy hour or simple dinner- but the service needs to improve!
5	I came here with a friend from work for the grand opening celebration. The first thing that caught my attention was the great music being played. I walked in to the tune of "You Give Love a Bad Name," and the DJ was excellent throughout the evening, mixing up classic rock, country, and modern popular songs.The host and our server were very pleasant to us. As you would expect from the American TapHouse name, the beer selection was better than the average bar, offering national, local, and regional beers on tap.The appetizer samples we got were the cashew chicken wrap, pepperoni pizza, and carnitas sliders. The wrap was decent, and the sliders had an unexpected but not unwelcome spicy kick to them.The pizza here is what makes me want to come back again. As Tracy Jordan might say, "I want to take that pizza back behind the middle school and get it pregnant." Both in the restaurant and as leftovers, the mushroom and sausage pizza was perfectly delicious. They get the crust just right, and the other flavors capitalize on that to deliver an excellent pizza experience.This is a fun place to hang out, watch sports, and have some great beer and pizza.
1	I greatly dislike to leave negative comments but the food was tasteless and very poor looking,  the service was great (our server) very attentive and helpful,  when the manager came to our table he seemed incredibly nervous and just stood there looking at us (very uncomfortable) I could not hear him speak either and it was awkward, you could tell he had no interest or he did not care. Our prior visit I had really enjoyed our food, I ordered the same and regretted it. We left very disappointed.  Unfortunately I can't see us coming back.
5	Stopped in to watch the game.  Great selection of beer.  Had the Portobello mushroom appetizer and the Rooster Pizza.  The mushroom was excellent.  One of my pet peeves with pizza is the crust.  This one was delicious.  Perfect crust and cooked just right.  Will definitely go back.
4	Spotless place!  The food is great.  Love the burgers and pizzas.  I am not a thin crust guy, but their thin crust is awesome!  The service is fast and friendly and the patio is very cool!
5	Awesome food. ... great service. .... great atmosphere. ... friendly staff. ...they treat you like family :)Highly recommended
1	Worst experience ever! The soup we order was cold. I ordered the meatloaf & except for it being very burnt it had no taste. I thought I was eating cardboard. My husband got a sandwich & it was nothing like it was explained on the menu plus the bread on it was so soggy that he couldn't even pick it up to eat. Don't eat here!
1	Management has no clue what they are doing. Always mess up the orders and management hides in the back. Food could be ok but it never comes out right. They wont be open much longer as boombozz was way better and went out of business.
1	Went there after some family fun time near by and was a bit hesitant based on the reviews I saw here. We gave it a shot anyway and we are definitely sorry we did. They took 50 mins to bring out our food and when it did not all of it made it. They forgot my girls whole order (a burger) and my daughters fries. If I could give this place half a star I would and that would only be for how nice the waiter was. Do Not Eat Here. There are plenty of other places that deserve your money in these hard times.
2	We went to this place before when it was under different ownership and it wasn't too bad. But this time we were very disappointed. Service was slow. Our hamburgers were tasteless. Very disappointing.  On a more positive note I like how they've added more TVs and I do like the atmosphere, and our server was very friendly. They just need to get a new chef and a new menu.
3	Great service nice interior unfortunately the paparica wings were over cooked and a bit dry  house salad was good :|
3	This really deserves 2*, but I'm giving it 3 to give the benefit of the doubt and to account for some positive aspects. Overall, to me, the place is just latching onto the craft beer movement without really knowing enough about it to justify their "TapHouse" name, kind of a like if a wine bar didn't know much about wine. Positives: decent happy hour; nice, clean, modern interior; easy to get a table on a Friday night; good wings (esp. on happy hour); and decent selection of beers. The bartender (when I finally left our table and went to the bar) was helpful, seemed to know her beers, and gave me some samples while I was deciding.Negatives: they haven't trained their servers enough about the beers, and the information on the beer menu is inadequate. For example, I asked our server for the name of the brewer of a beer listed on the menu as "Nitro 5 Barrel Pale Ale," and he said "Nitro." It went like that all night. (Nitro is the name of the gas, and the brewer is Odell.) We had a big problem with the bill at the end of the night; we couldn't tell which beers had been rung up on happy hour and which hadn't (since there's just a deduction at the bottom of the bill), and they had to fix it. Then they overcharged by about $36 when did did a cash/credit card split; luckily our math skills weren't that impaired, but then it took a good 15-20 more minutes to fix it. Overall service was slow considering that the place wasn't that busy, but I felt bad for our waiter, who really seemed to be trying. I wasn't impressed with the pretzels (more doughy than pretzely); pizza was just ok.
1	Ok, I have never heard this before....Me:  are there happy hour food specials?Server:  yes, these appy's are only $5 during happy hour. (reg $8)Server:  oh and by the way they are half orders...Me:  So I get 50% less food for 30% less money??  Really, that's the "special"??Server:  Yes, that's how all bar happy hours operate!  (defensively)Me: So it's more expensive to order the "special"  - Server:  I guess so.So anyways, that's just one indication of why at 5:30 pm there were 6 people here.The food was adequate, the place was nice.. No atmosphere.
2	I'm always looking for a new spot to try and this place is about a mile from my house. We came in during happy hour and the place was pretty dead. Our server was nice and very attentive, but can tell he was bored with his lack of tables because he came over every 5 minutes. Food choices are American (burgers, salads, sandwiches). We ordered beers, which were $5 for craft beer pints. Beer choices here are good. For HH prices though, I wasn't too impressed. Appetizers are still between $5-10.For dinner, I ordered the Wrangler burger and fries. I was told to stay far away from the coleslaw, as recommended by our server. My boyfriend ordered the philly cheesesteak and fries. Food arrived and mine tasted fine. My boyfriend said his philly was very dry and the bread was clearly burnt. He couldn't wait to leave. I can't say my burger was bad because it wasn't. I liked the egg bun too. Fries were not warm though and that was a bummer.We didn't get dessert, just the check. We left for about $30. Sorry TapHouse but we won't be back. Nothing special here
2	We used to go here when it was BoomBozz because we liked the food and beer selection but the service was terrible, especially towards the end. We decided to try it again now that it has changed names and owners. Beer selection is still pretty good, but the service is still pretty bad and the food is "meh" at best.We walked in, were seated immediately, and then told our server was missing. Not a problem we thought, someone else took our drink order, and then never returned. Several minutes later a man I saw smoking in the parking lot when we drove in came to the table and announced he would be taking our order. Glad he got his smoke break in while we waited with children on a busy Saturday night. Awesome.From there the service was REALLY SLOW and at times non-existent. When the food came the order was wrong for my daughter but they did quickly fix it which I really appreciated. I can't say much else about the food except that it was just bland. Mac and cheese was bland. Pizza was bland. Everything bland. So much potential. I mean, it is all basically comfort food, and there was nothing special there at all. There are so many other places in the area with a better beer selection and much better food and service. We will probably not be back.
4	I ate here for lunch a couple days ago with a friend. The food was good, had a pastrami sandwich with fries and a cup of clam chowder.  Everything was prepared well and I was happy with the service also. They seem to have quite a few beers on tap here also. The price wasn't extremely high but was a bit much for a couple of sandwiches with fries and a couple cups of soup. I will go there again cause the food was good.
4	They have  a menu me and my  family can all enjoy. The Beers on tap were an above average selection.
2	Decided to drop in to American TapHouse after it changed from BoomBozz, which I had not visited before.The interior appeals to Western theme and some of there menu reflects this. Though, I'll agree the strong point is pizza. Nothing sticks out to be a "must-try" item. We tried the pretzel and cheese appetizer and it was great! Glad to know by Dennis' review that the appetizer really aren't the best deal during happy hour.The waitress was attentive. She allowed me to try a variety of beers. The best is Papago Orange Blossom. I didn't notice any lack of experience in their knowledge of beers, but I didn't ask. I tried a pizza and it was great! Pleasant tasting, though I dare say that the ingredients were fresh. My friend had a fish platter and it looked pretty typical- nothing out of this world. Another friend had a burger- he said it was okay. Nothing special.Nothing special seems to be the theme. I agree: the restaurant is trying to tap in on the 'craft beer" but added nothing else to the experience. The focus is off point, but I think they are too scared to focus on pizza because that would be reflective of BoomBozz.Will I go back to this place? Sure, but mostly for the craft beer. . . which is still not the best priced. The food is just something to have if you're trying to fill your tummy, not if you're trying to have an amazing experience.
5	My wife and I enjoyed our experience last night. We've been there a few times, very close biking distance to our house. The bartender is hilarious. My wife, who doesn't drink beer, is hooked on the Orange Blossom. We split a salad that she recommended and it was amazing. We were introduced to other customers and had a great time! Can you write down all 50 states in 5 minutes for a fireball shot? We didn't get a shot, but we will back.
4	We love the pizza and wings here. Tony the manager is friendly and sociable. I do not like that one of the managers sits in the bar on his laptop when customers could sit there. A little frustrating that a booth dot for 4 is taken up by one guy with a laptop during Happy Hour. Never been disappointed by the service and we enjoy the atmosphere.
4	I hadn't been here nor read any reviews before coming in, so I had no pre-conceived notions.  I did however read some reviews while I was sitting at the table deciding what to order for dinner.  I really didn't get some of the negative comments.  I thought the food was great - at least what I had.  I had the Back Forty individual pizza and their dry rub paprika wings.  Both were delicious.  My wife had the Cubano and loved it!  I was especially impressed by two other staff members other than our waitress asking how our food was and if we enjoyed it.  That tells me they care and have pride in what they are serving.  The only negative was that our waitress was not completely attentive.  My wife asked for a box immediately after receiving her food.  It never came and we had to ask for it again at the end of the meal.  It was a small detail but one I felt like should be mentioned.  I hate having to ask for things twice.  It's one of my biggest pet peeves at a restaurant.  She was a good waitress but an great one would have remembered a simple request such as a box. We will definitely be back though when we are in the area.  I definitely recommend you check it out if you have the chance.
4	Great happy hour. The prices are unbelivable. Good variety of beers. The 8 inch pizzas for $5 are a steal. 8 wings for $3.
5	I had a great time here. Good beer, good music and great service. I'll definitely be back.
2	I'm not sure what to say about this place, but it seems that they don't have their stuff together. At a "tap" house my husband and I were sat at table with no drink menu on the table and nor were we offered one- had to ask to see beer selection.  Ok fine- got our beers- Orange Blossom and Kiltlifter. They were good.  Ordered food- pork sliders, stuffed mushroom, wings. The stuffed mushroom was pretty tasty. However the wings were dry and the pork sliders were soggy and seriously tasted like tuna from a can. I'm not really sure how that happens and I don't want to know. My husband ordered a cocktail (amaretto sour) and I tried to warn him that this did not seem like a good cocktail kind of place. I was right, and it was positively terrible. Our server was nice. Overall just an underwhelming experience. Don't have plans to return.
1	1 star, because you can't give 0.Boombozz was hit or miss depending on the wait staff and cooks.  However, American TapHouse had somehow rolled all of the negative's of Boombozz into one.EXTREMELY disapponted, especially because it's within walking distance of my home. :(
4	This place is great. Had heard from the in-laws that the pizza was fantastic. We went for appetizers and beers and were very pleased with the selection - especially the beer selection. The happy hour specials are fantastic. Will definitely try the pizza next time, as that is their specialty. Yasmin, the bartender, was awesome. We will definitely be back to see her. We appreciate a good beer selection and excellent service above all and were extremely pleased with American Tap House.
4	The staff was incredibly friendly & a server other than ours even came by to see how everything was going.  Our server was very polite & because we had never dined here, gave us recommendations that were spot on.  The 4x4 pizza was very tasty & the crust had just the right combination of crispness & taste!  Drinks were filled without being asked & we will definitely be back.  You can even join their VIP text club & receive coupons & specials sent right to your phone.
2	Expected a much larger selection of draft beer! Also disappointed that the Mac and Cheese had a spicy nacho cheese taste when the menu said nothing to indicate that flavor. When I asked the waitress about it she said other tables mentioned to get it without the 'beer queso' .. which nobody would know about since it's not mentioned on the menu! Not enough meat on the steak sandwich and no feasible gluten-free options. It was a very clean restaurant - and was overall ok - but we won't be back.
5	The staff here are top of the notch. They seem to have loads of fun, and enjoy what they're doing. The dishes are delicious, especially the fries and wings.
1	This place was not great. Bailed on the community after one year and went to N.D.. Wow. Then they have the nerve to ask if you are ever in N.D. to come on back. Why would I want to support you when you bailed in Gilbert? We went many times to BoomBozz and a few times to American and I'm glad you guys left. There's a reason why you have 6 customers at a time during a dinner rush. I feel bad for the employees who had to find something else.
