5	The staff are very friendly and remember you when you visit repeatedly.  Beautiful open dining area inside and umbrella tables outside for when you want to enjoy the view of the mountains or take in some fresh air.  Pastries are just as delicious as anywhere else you will find and even have sugar free or low cal options.  I'd highly recommend supporting this local bakery and coffee shop.I have to edit this because I can't express enough how fresh the baked goods are ... I "reverted" to a "popular coffeehouse" once and was instantly reminded why I like Brubaker's ... the muffin was cold and had that "just thawed out" feeling.  Spend the same amount at Brubaker's and get 300% better product in the baked goods.
4	Right at Warner and Price, just east of the 10 you will find Brubaker's.  I stumbled on them yesterday and tried a bagel sandwich with a decaf coffee.The atmosphere is very light and airy for a coffee house and the furnishings are rather elegant.  Nice touches abound.I had my sandwich on a whole wheat bagel.  Ham, egg and provolone.  It was obvious that everything was freshly prepared and the sandwich was nice.  The bagel was perfectly resistant to the teeth before yielding it's fresh grainy goodness.My decaf was fine.  Nothing notable about the coffee good or bad.  Service was friendly and accommodating.  The large pastry display had some very delicious looking baked goods.  I'll be back.
4	This is a great place to get some good coffee and even better pastries that are baked on site!  AWESOME!  If you are there, take a minute to say hello to Adrian and Jessica who are great as well.  It is also good to note they have a drive-thru as well in case you are on-the-go.There is also lots of room with various sized tables and some cushy chairs so you can either curl up with you a good book, work on a solo project or have a meeting there and not worry about space.  They also have a couple of tables outside and they are internet friendly.A great combination of service, products and location - what more could you as for?
4	I love stopping at Brubakers after my morning workout at Lifetime Fitness just down the way.  The best part is that whether I'm on my way to work and in a hurry, or just haven't had the chance to shower after the gym, I can go through their drive thru for delicious coffee and a snack.This morning I got the lemon poppy seed muffin top and it is good!    *insert muffin top joke here* The top has a little bit of a crust and the inside is moist and soft; perfect with my coffee.  I usually try to stay away from muffins since they aren't exactly full of wonderful nutrients, however $1.50 for a muffin top fills my craving and saves on the wallet too.  Plus, we all know the top of the muffin is the best part.I've also had breakfast inside once or twice and it is a nice atmosphere and friendly staff.  The breakfast sandwiches and burritos are good too!  If you get a chance, stop by!
4	Brubakers has become my go-to spot for the times that I need to get out of the house, and get some work done. I can't remember the name of the barista that usually serves me, but she's always extremely helpful (and giggly). I give Brubakers 4 stars for the service and reliable wi-fi. Their coffee satisfied me, but I'm the farthest thing from a coffee aficionado.
4	Stopped here yesterday afternoon for a pick me up. Had a hard time deciding between the Lemon Creme scone and the Carrot Spice muffin. Went with the muffin and am so glad I did! It was so good. Lots of flavor, lots of chunks of real carrots and other good stuff inside. Not dry at all. Only disappointment was the cream cheese that was on top all ended up in the bag instead of on my muffin. Sadness :( I also got an iced latte that was very good. I only wish I had gotten a bigger one than small, because it went way too fast. I'll return here for sure. I really want to try that Lemon Creme scone!
4	Sugar Free Carmel Sauce.... Yum!  I am a huge fan of Brubaker's coffee house.  I frequent this location a couple times per week before work... and sometimes mid day when I need a boost. ;-) The service is great!  I use the drive -thru and I am always on my way in less than 5 minutes, something I can't say about Starbucks!  Their pastries are baked fresh and their breakfast sandwiches made to order (and are huge!). My favorite thing about Brubaker's is their selection of sugar-free items, being hypoglycemic I need to watch my sugar intake and tend to have a minimal selection of sugar free syrups to choose from.   At Brubaker's they have syrups, sauces and no refined sugar pastries... so I am not limited to one or two choices.   If you are in the area, skip starbucks and hit up Brubaker's, you won't be disappointed!
