4	GREAAAAT service!! i've been to this MAC store in the Forum shops many times, and i'd have to say that I am usually pleased.  on occassion it can get quite crowded---but you have to take into consideration that its in the busy forum shops, right next to the talking statue of Caesar.  i just visted vegas this past weekend, and stopped by this store to pick up some eyeshadows.  i was immediately greeted, and informed of mac's new limited edition line.  she showed me different ways to apply the combination of colors, and was not at all pushy about buying other products.
4	-we came in for eye jobs-all these stars +1 are because of ADRIENNE SHAFFERa. she took her time and was not in a rushb. i requested to look like a porn star but she made me look like a diva insteadc. she made orange, purple and all these off colors work on med. she complimented me on my skin (lol)e. she worked on all 4 of usf. she did not pressure you into buying anythingg. she was honest and shared some personal information that made me feel at easeh. she knew what she was talking abouti. when she was done with my eyes 2 women came and asked for the colors she used on me and purchased them-i did not know tipping was not kosher but at least i asked -there was plenty of help-alot of hot sales people-fun fun fun=-1 FOR THE LADY THAT SAID "WE CAN'T STAY LONG WITH ONE PERSON SINCE WE HAVE TO WALK AROUND" (and did an OK job on my friends eyes)
5	MAC PRO  Service unparalleled in the industry. Unique educational opportunities. The full line of more than 1,000 artist-friendly products, along with a staff that truly understands the needs of the artist community. I have a few MAC pro products. I found out at the Stonestown Galleria Mall San Francisco. One of the Makeup artists was envious of the colors.It only costs $35.00 to become a MAC Pro consumer.  This store is the bomb. Being in Las Vegas, this store attracts the Cream of the Crop in M*A*C Make-up Artists. You can play with the products just like any store....  The best part is there are alot of artists at this location so you can always ask for help. There are events, classes,parties and demostrations. This is a great place to establish one's self as a makeup artist.Here is some background on MAC:  Make-up Art Cosmetics, better known to most as M.A.C, is a brand of cosmetics sold internationally, that originally became famous through word-of-mouth endorsements by professional makeup artists, models and celebrities.  OWNED BY ESTEE LAUDER.The company has become synonymous with glamour due to its ever-growing presence in the fashion industry, continued use of celebrity endorsements and commitment to cruelty-free products and universal diversity. MAC likes black people. hahahaIn 1985, MAC was established in Toronto, Canada by founders Frank Toskan and Frank Angelo. Toskan was a make-up artist and photographer, while Angelo was an owner of a chain of hair salons. Both recognized the missing element of a versatile and reliable cosmetic to be used in fashion photography. The intense lighting conditions often employed created conditions under which conventional makeup either photographed badly or didn't hold up, so the two set out to create a line that would hold up to these types of challenges. They envisioned a makeup company that would be for All ages, all races, all sexes. This later became the company motto.Acquisition by Estee LauderThe Estee Lauder Companies, who acquired controlling interest in MAC in 1994, finished their acquisition of the company in 1998 [7]. One year prior to the acquisition, original founder Frank Angelo passed away in 1997 due to complications during surgery. Shortly following the buy-out, Frank Toskan left the company to found another AIDS Charity,[3] with brother-in-law and original M.A.C Chemist.[4] The M.A.C AIDS Fund has been continued by the new owners. Money for the fund is raised by the sale of Viva Glam products (currently available in six lipstick colors and two glosses). 100% of the sale price of Viva Glam products is donated to help men, women and children living with HIV and AIDS. Since its inception in 1994 to the present date, the fund has raised over $100 million US Dollars.The M.A.C PRO Program is provided to professionals in the industry. An annual fee must be paid for this service. The program provides professional support, special pro-only benefits and discounts. Make-up artists receive a 40% discount. Aestheticians, Cosmetologists, Hairstylists, Fashion Stylists, Nail Technicians, Costume Designers, Models, On-Air Talent/Performers, and Photographers receive a 30% discount. International discounts may vary.I was able to buy the Playboy Pink Collection here. I am heading back in 2008. I hope I discover something new.
5	I'm a pretty dedicated MAC user.  I rarely show brand allegiance to anything but a few things:  MAC, Michael Kors, Isaac Mizrahi for Target, and Aveda and that's because these products are just that good.  Anyhow, my skin has an odd relationship with the sun, so much that i have to have a winter foundation and a summer foundation even though I don't stay in the sun much.  On my way to the pool at Caesar's, I stopped at this freestanding MAC store in the Forum shop and picked up a foundation more suited to my current skin tone.  They were knowledgeable and helpful at this store - I tend to have problems at my MAC counter in Nordstrom's in Chicago.  Black skin has special needs in terms of making sure a base isn't too ashen or to orangey, and it's nice to see that these MAC attendants take the time to insure that you get exactly what you need.
5	Easy to find in The Forums Shop at Ceasar's Palace, the store is always well-stocked and clean. These MAC kids are the nicest I've met in any MAC store. When I went in there the last time, I only needed to replace my eyebrow pencil (in Strut). One of the boys had just finished his shift and was leaving, but greeted me anyway and once he found out what I needed, he got it, took it to the register and saved me about 10 minutes. Now that's what I call service!
2	I love MAC for its crazy makeup colors and reasonable prices.  It's good makeup for party time!  However, the service at this particular store was sub-par.  I was pretty much ignored when I walked in and wandered around.  I had to wait a while to get the attention of a woman who worked there that was rearranging some eyeshadows.  I was glad to get out of there after choosing a gel liner and liner brush.  I totally would have bought more if the service would have been better.
5	My little cousins go to FAO Schwartz, I go to Mac Pro. This place got everything I need & conveniently located at the Forums in Caesars. Large space, clean & well kept. The girls are nice and sweet and not fake. Some mac muas give me a bad vibe like they're being fake and nice. But the muas who work here seem genuine enough. Gets kinda busy tho on the weekends cause you know them females gotta get their makeup done before they hit the club.
5	It's because I don't trust my application skill (rather, lack thereof) to be doing my own makeup while I'm in Vegas. So, who do I turn to? MAC! Sometimes I wish I didn't know how to apply makeup at all so I'd have an excuse to run to MAC all the time, but I ain't rich either. ^_^ I came in and an artist greeted me immediately. I told her I was there for an appointment. There seemed to be some miscommunication because I jotted the appointment time down wrong, or maybe they did? In any case, they were very accommodating to get an artist to me quickly. I ended up waiting just under 10 minutes and before I knew it I was off to the 2nd floor for their 1 hour appointment sessions. Amanda was my artist and she really did take care of me. She is very meticulous about her work and cares deeply about making sure you look great! I was thoroughly impressed with her technique and skill. She's a great conversationalist as well. She kept me entertained as well as relaxed and comfortable. On a side note: I encourage all to support MAC for its creativity and artistry. It is unfortunate to know that artists are being forced to become sales associates rather than artists. And that there are those losing their jobs because they cannot meet a quota -- talented artists too! It is their unique take on application that sets them apart from the rest, and it is just upsetting to know that the industry doesn't acknowledge that talent and only sees the numbers.
5	I LOVE MAC PRO STORES! I had to come in here because I LOVE MAC! I had a whole list of eyeshadow that I wanted and a nice lady helped me out! I wanted the beauty blush from the hello kitty collection and they had it! I was suprised! I walked out with 2 eyeshadows, 1 pigment a 1 beauty powder and a big smile on my face! =)
5	Had my make up done here for my wedding... and WOW! This store is IT!!! This MAC store is in Caesar's Palace in their forum of shops and is considered a MAC Pro shop. The name really says it all, because this is where MAC sends the best-of-the-best make up artist. I seriously couldn't have been made look better for my wedding!!! The cost is alittle different here than other MAC places... The MAC pro shops charge a $50 sitting fee and no make up is included. If I am ever in Vegas again, I will definitely be getting my make up done here again!!!
5	First of all, I must say the size of this store is impressive compared to others. There is enough room to walk in between counters without bumping into them or other people.I contemplated getting my makeup done for the night I had ahead of me but when the girl let me know there was a $50 fee (that does not include makeup, only "a tube of mascara") I decided not to go that route.  My guess is that since Vegas is the nightlife capital of the U.S. & girls are coming in all the time, the charge is their way of actually making money instead of being a sucked dry by the tourists. Makes sense but I didn't want my makeup done that bad. I mean, I much rather spend $50 on something more than I face of makeup for one night & a tube of MAC mascara which I don't even like.The selection of products is great & the girls working there were polite & eager to answer any questions I had. Overall, great store & will definitely be back when I visit Vegas again.
4	I love this store and always drop an obscene amount of money when I am visiting Vegas (I live in Seattle, WA). For the most part, help is plentiful and wonderful. All the employees who have helped me have always been friendly and patient as I ask about 23 different things at once. I am a bit of a make-up newbie, and they are so insightful.On weekends, the store is packed and one can barely move through the sea of people. It was a little more difficult to get help, which is understandable. But then and they also had music blaring so loudly (live DJ) that I couldn't hear the employees who were speaking to me. Music is nice, but it seems strange to have it to loud and drown out your customers, make getting service difficult.The loud music fiasco is the only reason this store isn't a 5-star in my book. I actually had to come back a different day to finish shopping, when I could hear the employees. That was a bit frustrating.
5	What an amazing MAC experience!! I have been to stores in New York, Virginia, DC, South Florida, Denver, and Dallas and I have to say that Las Vegas MAC is one of the best! Not only is this store huge and nicely laid-out, it also has Pro products! I have only been a pro member for about a year and so far, I am loving it! Most MAC stores have the usual shadow, liner, lipstick, pigments, foundation,powder, etc but this location at Caesars has pro goods like Chromacake, lipmix, mixing medium, and all kinds of lipstick and pigment shades that regular retail lacks. The store did seem busy (it was a Sunday afternoon) but the staff was very helpful and spent a lot of time with me and my best friend. One makeup artist/employee, Jackie, was so awesome! Not only did she take her time helping us with products, she was great to talk to! Such a fabulous personality! Most of the other ladies working here seemed great as well and asked us if me and my friend needed help more than once. I will come back here again for sure the next time I am in Vegas. Now, my wallet will not appreciate it (nor my husband) but my face will! lol!
5	This is hands down the best MAC store I've ever been to. The people are wonderful -- knowledgable, friendly, and very, very cool -- and the store itself is huge and full of goodness. Highly recommended as a place to come and play in Vegas!
5	Okay I looooveee MAC!!My favorite product is the Smolder Eye Kohl. It's way better then your average eye liner! :] They have a really good foundation called Studio Finish Foundation, it's the best!! I also like their fake lashes, they don't last as long as other brands do if you put mascara on them, but their still worth it, especially if u layer them on. :] I looove shopping, but I hate looking for things when I already know what I want, that's why I love shopping at MAC sooo much, the employees are always helpful and the customer service is by far the best!
5	I like when I can go into a store and be treated as someone from the industry. Some places I still get treated like I don't know things, "you should have a brow highlighting color because____ and I think this color is the best one to use with ___ and ___ colors".  I like that people are through with customers, but c'mon I used to be a pro artist and let it be known to them specifically to avoid the reschooling- just want products and honest answers from one artist to another. I'm sure it's ingrained, but really now....I can't help feel annoyed.  This is a MAC that understands to treat their fellow industry people like equals and not someone to spew the usual sale speel and education to. They start suggesting the "wild" stuff like asking how do I feel about "noir" lips which are a blackish undertone on with red, and criss cross "Heatherette" eyelashes, this fabulous true red blush blended into the most divine of bases for purples and pink eyeshadows and odd things we use our pigments for like a boob highlighter and mixed into hairspray to glitter hair. Yes, this is the kind of stuff I am interested in hearing about.  Girls here have talked up products beyond MAC and have good talks about general breakthrough products while I browse and want (I'm a dangerous easy sell when it comes to makeup). It makes for a very fun time, each time. Zero attitude, genuine people. Some Cali stores I've been staff the biggest assholes in the world. MAC is supposed to be a fun job and they lost the point of fun. They also have a holier than thou attitude, c'mon....maybe I get the mad eye because I'm also an artist so its easier to judge down on me.This store comes 2nd only to my favorite- Robertson store in LA.....I love everyone there (the exception to the cali assholism). Only qualms is sometimes this spot is BUSY! You gotta wait for service and product to be pulled out for you. Also I think its cool that sometimes they have a DJ spinning, but since they open out to the forum shops fountain show with talking statues...I don't think it's the best of ideas for the location. Definitely too loud, too much clashing noises a few times I came in. It was like talking in a nightclub- leaning in and yelling out my colors. Glad this is the store here in Vegas. Have yet to go to Town Square, but I like the people here a lot so I'll be back rockin' my "brights". Heatherette Hollywood Nights with Heatherette style minx and a dash of Lady Danger is pretty bananas of a lip to be rocking, but I'm working it thanks to the ladies that get my crazy makeup dreams here.
4	I love coming here anytime I'm in Vegas!  For one thing it's a pro store, which means a far wider selection of products that are exclusive to just their pro stores.  As a former MAC artist that loves all the different things they have to offer and all the beautiful colors--pigments, glitters galore, it's like Christmas morning haha!  Yes this store is super crowded but the people are really friendly and helpful.  It's sad to admit as someone that used to work for the company, many MAC locations do give into the stereotype of being known for being "unfriendly" (believe me--that is the opposite of how MAC artists are trained to be).  However, the artists here are really nice (definitely in keeping with MAC's high standards of customer service).  Yes, they have a dj which is pretty cool (haha, maybe they can hook you up with some club passes).  On one trip here, I've had an artist offer to do an eye demo on me (unfortunately it isn't common for an artist to offer that up) so that was a plus!  They even recently redid their store and have private rooms upstairs to get your makeup done, although I think those are reserved for brides or customers that are getting lessons.
5	One of the best MAC stores I have visited. The staff is friendly and helpful even when it's quite busy. This is one of the larger locations and it's very nice to be able to shop without constantly bumping into people or having to wait a long time just to be able to get to a display. Biggest plus is that this is a Pro store which means you can find colors and products not available in regular MAC stores. Maybe I've been really lucky but I've always been able to find exactly what I'm looking for when I come here. This MAC is always one of my musts when I'm visiting Vegas.
4	Had a wonderful experience for my first time in a MAC store! I had my whole make up done and was very satisfy! The service was great although the place was packed! Very friendly service! Had to buy $50 in product in exchange for getting my makeup done but well worth it!
4	Love, love LOVE this MAC Pro Store!  Every time we visit Vegas, I have to stop here and I always received great service.  I will agree with other reviewers that it's usually busy in there and finding an artist to help is difficult but it was oddly slow when I visited last week.  So I lucked out and got an artist all to myself!  The Pro Artist helping me was awesome - helping me play with new colors and finding the right combos.  They were out of one of the colors I really liked, but she helped me find an even better replacement.  The only downside, however, to this (or any) MAC store is that they always push the mascara at the end of the sale.  I know it's part of the spiel, but it really gets on my nerves for some reason!  Regardless of the mascara issues, this is still an awesome store and I will definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Maybe I am too picky but I expected much more from it.I had to go to a special event,so I made an appointment one week ahead.To my surprise a girl who was helping me was also a cashier,so you can imagine that I had to wait for quite a while before she started to do my makeup.During all the waiting time other makeup artists approached me to ask if I was being helped...and I was thinking that if you are so busy why don't you let other person do my makeup,and why you are ringing up other people sales when you have an appointment  sitting in the chair.Don't get me wrong,I am usually very patient,but when I have to be somewhere I prefer not getting stressed.And another thing is that my makeup artist didn't have any great ideas how to do my makeup,so she basically had to copy the same makeup as the girl who was sitting next to me had.I explained her the basic idea of what i want,but she was way too distracted by other things.By the and of the day I was so happy that I scheduled my appointment 3 hours ahead of my event because it took her 2 hours to get it done.
4	Love, love, love. Got my face all prettified here before a night out... they were actually having a special event for the introduction of their new collection, A Tartan Tale. There was a violinist and a 15-foot girl (crazy high heels and even crazier high hair!) and a friggin' satyr (half man/half goat.... awesome costume, obvio). I seriously don't know of anywhere else I can get false eyelashes put on while a satyr is testing the Lipglass out next to me. As busy as it was, I received a great amount of attention from my MAC artist... she was actually from Miami and had been flown out for the event, how sick is that?? She introduced me to the best primer EVER... I have such oily skin that my makeup ends up sliding off of my face, but thanks to this cute little blondie, I have that Kardashian face alllllllll day (in my mind, I do... shut up).If you get the chance to, seriously hit up this MAC store. You'll be in girly heaven.
5	My wife pretty much buys all her makeup from Mac.  I might be biased but she's pretty hot.  So anything that helps her look as good as she does is 5 stars in my book!!!!
4	I have frequented more MAC stores than I can count and this one is one of my favorites. They had a DJ the night we went in and the atmosphere is so much fun. All of the employees are SO nice & helpful and will pull samples, find products, anything you might want - even despite the fact that they are super busy! I have gotten my makeup done countless times at different MAC stores as well and besides the girl who did my wedding makeup this time was my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE. I wish I remembered this girls name but she listened to what I wanted, applied it extra thick (necessary for a night out in Vegas) and added her own personal creativity. My face seriously looked just as beautiful when I got in than when I first left and I never even reapplied. Definitely check out this store if you're a MAC fan and ever in Vegas :)
4	I came in here once with my girlfriend....honestly. Everyone in the MAC Cosmetics store was really nice, like when you're a kid and the bank teller gives you a lollipop since you're with your mom and behaving so nicely.  I wasn't given a lollipop, but they did make me feel welcome.  The staff was dressed like the actors in that old SNL skit, "Shprockets," which I liked.  They're basically all in black, they look very professional, which I imagine helps when customers come in seeking both product and application advice.I have never bought anything from here, but if I wore make up, I bet these MAC-Daddies could set me up right.  Maybe giving boyfriends of the customers lollipops would result in a 5 Star review from me next time.  Hint hint hint MAC-Taculars.
5	aaahhhhh the holy grail of makeup stores.  if you're like me, a total MAC fiend, this is the store for you.  inside the Caesars Palace Forum Shops, they carry pretty much all Pro products as well as non-Pro.  the cherry on top?  you don't need a Pro card to purchase!!!  the mua's have always been helpful and sweet.  want to try a product?  no problem!  a mua will already have a brush out, ready to apply as many colors as you like.  loved ones already know i HAVE TO stop in while visiting Sin City and walk away with a bag full of products.  some have gambling problems, i have a MAC problem.  no bueno for the bank account!
5	My friend treated me to get my make up done here for my wedding. the make up came out great, and the girl ( sorry i cant remember her name), was friendly and gave me some great tips. I had a great expierence. =)
4	Everyone here was real friendly. I was given all kinds of suggestions and the women who were asking if I needed any help let me know about all the new products that had just come out. The Quite Cute line is out. It is adorable and all but I just dont think that there is anything in that line that is for me. I'm sure I could find tons of ways to use these products on clients of mine but no thanks. I really appreciate you taking the time to let me know what's going on in this store, promos, etc. That was awesome. I love that the store didn't treat me any differently because I'm a Pro card holder. I really love that they were even more interested in learning about me and the makeup that I do and all that.  That was fun. Being that I dont have too many other makeup friends, it was nice to share some of my frustrations with them. Loved that. The store was immaculate and I was supser impressed about that. It is rare that the store is ever that clean. Usually, there are lil bits of paper or testing materials out on counter tops, left there by customers who don't know how to ask where there is a trash can. Anyways, it was fun times here. I left after doing some real significant damage. Let's just say that I won't be needing to purchase anything from here for a good while. THANKS for your help.
5	I haven't been to the MAC store at the forum shops but I can recommend Jacque Ganigan, who did my makeup for my cousin's wedding earlier this month. She is a whiz with the makeup and has great tips. Her specialties are contouring and eyes.
2	Too many shoppers, fully staffed store, and still not enough time for me.  Had to beg sales person to put shades on my lids.  Notta one was willing to do a full eye.  A girl had to leave in the middle of helping me to 'clock out' only to promise Mr. Man would be by to finish up.  He never came.  To top it off they were out of a few things I was told I needed to buy.  I guess this is what I get for trying to buy makeup in a tourist destination?
5	This location is always busy; but it never bothers me because the staff is always sooo friendly and they always find me exactly what I need.. I don't prefer to browse around the store because i often end up overspending, so i usually just tell one of the staff members what i need and they grab everything for me, sooo convenient and way faster.. I'm usually in and out within minutes! My favorite product is the studio fix foundation.. I love everything about the Studio Fix Fluid Foundation!! It's lightweight, blends in perfectly and covers up providing the most coverage and leaving my skin looking sooo smooth! I would totally recommend it to anyone. One of my other favorite products is the Technakohl Eye Liner.. I usually get it in black (graphblack); It's super dark, long-lasting, and it never smudges!! By far one of the best eyeliners i've ever purchased.
1	Awful awful awful service. These girls were SO unfriendly and completely wasted mine and my friend's time. They kept making us repeat ourselves and when they didn't have ANY of the things we wanted, they tried to sell us different versions. Like a different shade of concealer. Um, NO THANKS. When ONE OF the registers ran out of paper, the girl made us wait even though there was a fully functional register right next to it. She also took so long to refill it.. like on purpose, so slow. It was really really disrespectful. She also gave my friend the wrong products. It was a truly terrible experience.
5	i'm a girl i like makeup and i love me some mac products!
3	Shopping around the beautiful Forum shops, I saw this store, yay let's get some new makeup for Vegas! Mac has some great makeup and always fun to play around and wear. I really like their eyeliner's and shadows. As I was looking around I saw a shadow promotion limited edition. Oh darn you Mac, why must you do this to me every time. The problem is they are great color palette's, you purchase it, fall in love with it then you can not get it anymore. Well, yes they were gorgeous, so I had to get. Next I needed a new base sponge. The young lady who was helping me was so pushy trying to talk me into everything including blue shadow. Hello, really do I look like I need blue eyeshadow. I am blonde with blue eye's, wrong, no blue for me maybe on a brunette with dark eye's. My issue with this store is although they are clean, big, with great selections, they are way to pushy with sales and if I do not ask for your opinion do not give it to me, please. Thank you. Great to have very convenient just be careful otherwise they will have you looking like a clown and take all your money.
1	Not a reflection on the makeup AT ALL.  I love MAC makeup and I was expecting the service at the MAC at the forum shops to be STELLAR.... Wrong... SO WRONG!  Awful service!  Not only did the girls ignore me when I asked for help TWICE, one of them said she would help me and actually left to go to the back room and go on her break!  When someone finally helped me locate ONE liquid liner, she put it on the register to help.  One by one, the artists came to ring up their own customers and I had to wait in a line for 20 MINUTES because there was only one authorized cashier.... Uhhhh... Hello?!?!?  I just saw you ring that chick up?  Even my make up artist wouldn't ring me up.  Super disappointing....My tips are to probably head to the MAC counters at one of the many counters at the department stores in Vegas or another MAC at one of the other many stores at the strip.  Good luck ladies (and gents?)!
4	As soon as I stepped into this MAC store there was a girl ready to help me. I told her what I needed, she grabbed it for me, took me to the register and I was done in 1 minute. I like fast and friendly service. MAC's can get crazy busy so helpful employees are always a plus.
1	I love MAC and having been using their products for years.  This is by far my worst experience at a MAC store.  I've been here before many times when i've visited Vegas and the customer service has been better.  I went in to to find some lipgloss and didn't think it would take too long.  Surprisingly the places was pretty empty.  Not a single employee offered to help at all.  I found the lip gloss i wanted and had to basically track an employee down to get help.  Turned out they were sold out of the color so i had to go looking for another.  While i was looking for another color someone finally came up to offer help.  I didn't like the color she picked out and after that she was gone.  Didn't even offer to help find another color.  She just said "oh okay" and left.  I finally found another lip gloss color and again had to track someone down to get it.  Yet again, this color was sold out.  This happened one other time.  In total they were sold out of 3 lip glosses i wanted.  At that point i wanted to ask what lip glosses they actually had in stock.  If you're sold out of the product, please remove it from the displays.  I finally decided to get a lipstick instead and one employee was able to help me find one that was close to the lip gloss shade i wanted.  She was helpful but looked like she didn't even want to be there.All in all, this MAC store is horrible.  What i thought would only take me 10 minutes to get in and out took me an hour.  The worst part is i can't even defend them and say the place was busy, because it wasn't.
4	Normally, I'd prefer to shop on my own without help at Sephora. But since lots of my friends were M.A.C. Girls, I figures I'd try their Pressed Powder when my MUFE was running low.I work at the Forum Shoppes and dropped in after my shift. The store was empty and Sarah greeted me. She was awesome and helped me select a StudioFix powder and a couple of eyeshadows. I was most pleased with my service this time around because she selected excellent colors and gave me a quick and easy tutorial on how to apply it best. She gave me the low-down on what brushes she was using and I chose the fluffy brush. Great for blending and a medium application of shadows. I'll definitely be shopping with her again. She was incredibly helpful! :)
4	My cousins and I went there last minute wanting to get our makeup done for the night and I can honestly say this is the first time I ever liked the way my makeup came out. My girl was amazing and understood what I wanted. My cousin's looked gorgeous too! Only complaint was that I had to wait almost three hours for my appointment and kept on seeing customers on the floor being made over before me.
1	"I love MAC and having been using their products for years.  This is by far my worst experience at a MAC store.  I've been here before many times when i've visited Vegas and the customer service has been better.  I went in to to find some lipgloss and didn't think it would take too long.  Surprisingly the places was pretty empty.  Not a single employee offered to help at all." This pretty much sums up my experience at the store. There were 3 employees and 2 customers in the store including myself and all I wanted was a specific kind of eye liner. Not one person offered me help and trust me I looked pretty lost while wandering around the store trying to find it. I finally asked the guy employee who I am pretty sure was the night shift manager and in a very un-friendly manner said "right there" and then left!!!! So I grab in and go to the cashier. The on cashier when it came up to my turn to check out walked away! And then another girl came up to ring up someone she was helping, therefore she actually gave permission to that person to cut in front of me! I had had enough and left. There are SO many better MAC stores to go to and actually get your monies worth!
5	MAC Pro store...does it get any better?
5	The Mac Pro inside Forum is stellar. The location is convenient and I was impressed by the second floor salon. While the store is obviously a very popular place for tourists an locals alike, the staff is on top of their game. I was there on a very busy Thursday and was immediately greeted by 3 different artists. I had to wait to be attended to because of the massive amount of women in the store, but it was totally worth it!!! The negative posts I have read on here sound like cheap, whiny girls who don't know how to communicate. The artists "treated you like a streetwalker"? Really? Well are you? ........"I couldn't get my makeup done for my wedding because they were booked." How is that bad service on their part if you were dumb enough to not make an appt for your makeup on your wedding day?!?! ......"I can't believe I had to spend $50 to get my makeup done."  Really? It's a business people get real. Women beat down the doors at Mac because their artistry blows everyone else out the water. You never see lines line this at other companies and there's a reason for that.I went to this store thinking I would have a less than average experience and was proved wrong. Their service was great, and I had the most beautiful makeup application ever and my artist made very analytical recommendations for a purchase. (which I had no problem doing on top of the $50 application fee for an appt) Thank you Mac Pro Forum!
5	This was by far my best experience at any mac store Ive been to.I get my makeup done at the MAC stores in LA on a pretty regular basis for weddings and events when I just dont feel like doing my own makeup so Im pretty familiar with them and their products. This was the first time I had been to this one and immediately fell in love with my makeup artist Marlene. She was super helpful, knew her s**t and didnt try to sell me on ridiculous stuff I didnt need. And my makeup came out gorgeous!!  I got so many compliments from everyone after she was done. She listened to what I wanted and totally delivered. She also threw in some ideas I would never have thought of that made my eyes pop out.  Ive seen the rest of the artists' work there too and they are just as talented as she is. Sometimes you just gotta let the artists do their thing. Trust me they know what theyre doing.  I couldnt have asked for a better experience. I love them and Im definitely going back there this weekend to get my makeup done.
5	Cant give this store enough credit. I got served by the store manager Angelia, what an artist.. Not only did she do an amazing job she was super cool to chat with. The job she did was outstanding. I am super picky with my makeup and out of all the macs i have been to in America and Australia this salon was by far the best! I will be heading back there everytime im in vegas. I cant believe the other reviews saying they had bad experiences after the excellent service i received.. Angelia you Rock!!
5	One Word!GORGEOUS!Marleen at the MAC counter in Caesars Palace is a make-up genius! She did my make-up for my renewal ceremony Sunday August 26th 2012. My husband always tells me how beautiful I am but he kept telling me how pretty I looked and he couldn't stop starring at me. GO SEE MARLEEN! Thank you Marleen.
1	Normal makeup application with an appointment is $50 and you get a free mascara. If you do not have an appointment there is a $50 product fee. I called to get an appointment on October 27 and because this is the weekend before Halloween they want to charge $70 and you have to purchase a gift card. I thought that was petty. I will not be booking at MAC.
5	One of my bridesmaids made us appointments at the MAC store on the day of my wedding.  This alone made me uneasy, but once we got there, I learned that Ceidra (not sure about the spelling) was doing my makeup and she was a new hire of only 2 days!  Not only did she listen and understand the look I was going for, she executed it perfectly!  Natural, yet refined and elegant....... pictures looked great and I got so many compliments.  Good job, Ceidra and thank you so much!
4	Terrific store with great artists and customer service. I have met Angelia, the store manager, and love her. Maile is a true gem too. Many of the artists were very helpful in showing the mixing medias and how to apply them. I have fallen in love with MAC and my whole experience.
1	Worst customer service EVER!!!!!Wanted to replace my red lipstick and decided to get a MAC this time, my first. Went into this MAC store at Caesars Palace. 3 of the employees were talking amongst themselves, ignoring customers, finally decided to ask for help. One of the employees reluctantly followed me to the lipstick counter. She was rude, not helpful at all with the colours, and didn't help me apply the lipstick. While I'm talking to her she leaves without a world to answer a phone. And she does it twice, leaving me talking to my self in the mirror...Someone else finally asked if I'm being helped, I say 'yes but she's on the phone'. Well this one just smiles says 'OK' and leaves too.Against my better judgement I bought the lipstick, but will never again go back to this store.
1	I'm giving one star but would give 0 if I could. I went in with two of my friends to get our makeup done and not one person greeted us or offered any assistance what so ever.. When we finally went and sought help and were told that we would need to wait which was fine but We waited, and waited, and WAITED some more! After over an hour had passed we asked again for assistance because no one would give us a status on when we would be helped.. the woman we asked was unbelievably rude so we left. We didn't feel like customers we felt like we were an inconvenience.The thing is that we didn't mind waiting our turn but someone could have come and said,  "we know you have been waiting a long time and we will be with you as soon as we can." but instead we were treated like crap. My suggestion for anyone needing professional make-up in Vegas is to skip the MAC store and go to Bobbi Brown.
3	This is more like a 3.5 stars.Most of the reviews are correct: customer service can be spotty here. I've had some great experiences where I've been greeted, asked if i needed any assistance, gave recommendations for colors/shades, helped put certain products on me to see if the color would compliment my skin...etc. But I've also had some not so great experience here where I must of been invisible to them. I haven't had any experiences where they were sold out of a product I had in mind. Also, I realized (by personal experience) that the more "dressed up" you look, the more they're willing to assist you. SCENARIO 1: *hair done. make up done. dressed up. heels on. designer handbag.*"HELLO! WELCOME! HOW ARE YOU TODAY? CAN I HELP YOU FIND SOMETHING? LET ME KNOW IF THERE'S ANYTHING I CAN HELP YOU WITH. MY NAME IS _____."SCENARIO 2: *hair still looking presentable. light make up. hoodie + jeans. casual boots. same handbag as scenario 1*.....................................(i get ignored. No greeting, no eye contact, nothing. Or simply put, im wearing Harry Potter's invisibility cloak. Yeah...maybe that's why.)
4	I have been super busy and have not had the time to write this review, but here it goes...I went to Vegas in September/2012 for my wedding weekend. i had previously called to make a makeup appointment at least one month in advanced. I followed up one week before my arrival date just to confirm my appointment. All was well and I was on my way to get married!I arrived to my makeup appointment about 15 minutes early because quite frankly I was a little nervous about getting my makeup done by some one I had never met. I went to the main counter and let the guy at the counter know i was checking in for my makeup appointment at 1pm, gave him my name and info. I knew something was wrong when he ran his finger up and down the name list several times. He then told me to give him a second and went to grab another gal. This other gal came over and asked me for my name and I told it to her again. Same thing, ran finger up and down and nothing. She said if I was sure i had made an appointment and i told her yes! She then said again "Are you sure?" I became upset and told her YES, I am getting married I know I made an appointment! She told me that I was not on the list of appointments and that she would get a manager. I was obviously VERY upset. She didn't bother to apologize for the oversight, didn't over any kind words, nothing...she just walked away and proceeded to start helping other customers. After 15 minutes of waiting I asked the guy that I had originally spoken to to please give me an update. He said that since i didn't have an appointment I had to wait to be fitted in. I was ANGRY I told him that I DID have an appointment and that I needed to see the manager ASAP!!!! He walked away and same thing NOTHING! I waited about another 15 minutes and finally grabbed another gal and explained what was happening. She went and looked at the schedule and said I didn't have an appointment and by the looks of it they would not be able to fit me in. I broke out in tears. The stress of waiting there and being ignored finally got to me. Luckily at that moment the store manager passed by and pulled me aside. I explained everything to her over tears (so embarrassing)!That is when everything changed. She apologized profusely and sat me down in a chair immediately. She asked her assistant to get her her tools/makeup. She asked to see pictures of my dress, what look was I going for etc, etc...She got started on my make up right away, and she was super fun to talk to. My stress started to melt away and I was once again a happy bride to be. She did a wonderful job and my make up looked amazing!!! I was so happy that she appeared at the time she did. I walked out of there happy as can be. This is why I am giving them 4 Stars, because of her. She saved this whole situation, she was very apologetic and very sincere. Plus she did an amazing job on my make up. I cannot find her card but when I do I do I will post her name, thank you for saving my wedding day!My advice:- CONFIRM your appointment and take down the name of who you spoke to-Get the manager RIGHT away, don't wait...trust me
5	Amazing staff with great service for as busy as this store is! Especially Silva! Silva has done my makeup a few times now and always does a fabulous job! She suggests things I need and love and helps me learn the right way to apply my makeup. Silva is one of the store managers and I can see why. She is professional and very nice! I will be back!
5	This review is for Raquel. She did my makeup for my wedding and she was such a delight to work with. She had lots of great ideas of her own yet she totally listened to me and worked with me to achieve the look I was going for. She totally gets what brides are dealing with on their wedding day and helped make the "getting ready" part of my day truly special. She is kind, funny and does beautiful work.I saw her at the shop a few times before my wedding for some "test" sessions and I was able to see some of the more glamourous and fun makeup she does. While I was going for a pretty natural look for my wedding (me, only better! - that was my motto) I saw that she could turn it on and up for some amazing looks on the ladies getting ready for a night out on the town. She is really skilled at what she does and she knows so much about skincare, trends and how to make you look fabulous. I would highly recommend her. She is a joy, a beauty and damn fine and what she does.
5	This review is for Raquel.  She did my makeup for a photo shoot for a pageant in Las Vegas.  She was simply wonderful and a joy to work with.  She makes magic happen with those brushes of hers!  She listened to my needs and offered her own suggestions.  What resulted was exactly what I had dreamed of looking like and even more!  My makeup really stood out in the photos and I was so thankful for her expertise!  I cannot recommend Raquel enough!  She has a sweet personality, contagious energy, and upbeat attitude!  She is fresh and modern and up-to-date on the looks of today.  You cannot go wrong with Raquel as your makeup artist.  She does wonderful work!
5	Raquel is fantastic and worth any wait! She will do your makeup beautifully and is extremely versatile. She is talented beyond belief. Thanks Raquel!
1	First of all if I could give 0 stars I would, the reviews about poor costumer service are sadly true..I went in looking for some new things to add to my collection, mind you I am a mac fanatic and love the product but when I went into this store I was greeted by one girl and had asked about some of the product and was given a very vague response instead of her offering to apply the product to see how I would like it. At this point I was slightly irritated so I looked to see if there was anyone else to help me but I see most of the employees towards the back amongst themselves.Needless to say I only bought one thing and did the rest of my shopping at sephora.My suggestion is to skip mac and go to sephora where they are super sweet and helpful.I really hope a manager reads these reviews and makes sure that the MAC employees pay more attention to customers and less time chit chatting with each other..customers are not there to beg an employee to help them, maybe employees should take some extra training in costumer service.
5	Fabulous service and beautiful girls and guys! I couldn't have asked for more! You guys are awesome.I was in Vegas for a wedding and forgot the make-up I was going to use with my outfit. Not only was I running out of time to get ready, but I also didn't want to buy make-up I already had back home in Cali. I decided to take my chances three hours before the wedding and went to MAC on a Saturday and see if they could take me for make-up application. I didn't want to have my hopes up because even back in LA I know most MACs are always booked for make-up appts on the weekend and you really have to be lucky to squeeze in. Guess I was lucky that day!!!!!Not only was everyone exceptional, they were all very professional, and did not give me any attitude for adding more work to there already scheduled appts. My artist took her time and was amazing. I feel terrible not remembering her name, but regardless, everyone there was great and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. I would definitely go back without thinking twice.
4	Went here on Tuesday for our last night in Vegas to have our makeup done and the girls did an excellent job on me & my friends. They took their time and made the makeup look awesome for the night out.
5	Raquel is awesome! Got my makeup done for a wedding. I loved it!
1	This review is for the MAC inside Cesar's Palace. Me and my friend came in to exchange a studio fix, we were given the wrong number at the MAC in SD, and when we got to the store we didn't even get greeted. I had to wait a bit and ask them for the studio fix number i was looking for and she told us they were out. Whatever, no problem. But this girl had a rude attitude and said, "Well we don't have it, here's your mac back".....WOW! She could've asked us if we wanted our money back OR CALL another store to see if they had it in stock! That's what customer service is all about as well as going the EXTRA MILE. So I had to ASK HER if there was another MAC Store nearby and she said, Yes there's another store off Las Vegas Strip. Again, she didn't give me the number. Luckily we found the correct studio fix at the Mac inside Macys! But i'll never come to this location again!
5	This review is for Ana... She was so nice and professional.she was helping me to choose a color for my foundation.i have been to many Mac store by far her customer service was  the best I have ever receive.i was there around 9:00pm,she was so friendly,helpful...when I leave a store I was so happy. yesterday was my birthday and she made my day.
5	Sierra was awesome! She did a great make over me! She is a professional make up artist and it shows! Highly recommended!
1	The customer service here is horrible. As most of the reviews say, I was not greeted and had to ask for help even though it was not a busy night. I wanted to get my make-up done and the lady told me very rudely I had to make an appointment and she did not offer me to wait as a walk in. My second time around I called to make an appointment. The lady who answered the phone told me she was going to put me on hold for a "minute." I was put on hold for exactly 18 minutes and 45 seconds only to be told they were all booked for tomorrow. I know this location stays open because of the location but they represent MAC as a company very poorly.
5	Come here every time I visit Las Vegas!  Ask for Valen she is the best and will get you glam in no time.  I have never gotten as many compliments as I do when Valen does my make up!  She's knows the product and will give you the best look for any event or setting. Celebrity treatment and phenomenal skills will not leave you disappointed.
1	I would give it 0 stars if I could... AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE! Well, depending on what I'm wearing & looking like that day. When I come in full faced I am quickly greeted & complimented on my makeup but, when I'm in a hurry & not looking so good, I am completely ignored. No one greets me. No one offers to help. I have to literally chase down associates & get their snotty attitude when I need something as if it isn't their job to assist me. They have ALWAYS been rude to my mother & I. I don't plan on returning to this MAC location again. The girls at the other MAC counters & at Town Square are at least always nice & helpful. Also, the manager, not too nice either!! Guess their is just no winning with this location. Oh well. Live & you learn.
5	It finally happened.  I found the holy grail.  The very first MAC store/counter that treated me so well that it made me want to rush to Yelp and tell all of you about it!  Perhaps I had to leave the state of California to find a friendly MAC face?  I don't know....but my experience at MAC today was great!  Trinity approached me to offer some assistance.  I usually respond to MAC artists with caution.  I am prepared with the fewest amount of words possible to minimize conversation and then run out as fast as I can.  But Trinity disarmed me.  She had a warm smile and an approachable demeanor.  Bonus points for not looking like an alien or Marilyn Manson (as some pro artists do).  She had to deliver the bad news about a lipstick I wanted that they didn't have, but consoled me with many other fun suggestions, which I quickly snatched up.  Then I asked if I bought lashes, if she'd apply them, which she agreed to without hesitation.  The store was busy and she never missed a beat between helping me and many other customers -- and did so with kindness and professionalism.  When she started applying my lashes she asked what I would be wearing later and went on to give me a beautiful mini eye makeover that was glamorous without making me look like a drag queen, which for me is a fine line.  I ended up spending WAY more than I intended to spend on the lipstick I wanted and didn't find, but that's what happens when you fall into the hands of a good sales person that knows how to serve her customer.
5	While on vacation in Las Vegas I was looking for some gifts for my sisters and remembering that they love M.A.C makeup. The store was busy and i had no clue what to get or what i was looking at...I was approached by a girl named Jackie who asked me "how could I help you out today". I told her that I was shopping for my sisters and if she would pick out some things that they would like.She showed all of there holiday stuff. She put together some holiday gift bags for me, making this the easiest and fastest shopping experience. Thanks making me best brother this Christmas.
5	Absolutely the best makeup appointment I've had.  I always get my makeup done at MAC before a special event, they never disappoint.  Trinity at the Vegas Caesars MAC store was AMAZING !!!  She took her time and made me look so sexy, if you like the va va voom look she's your girl.  Get the fake eyelashes too, you couldn't tell they were not my own.  My boyfriend was very happy with the end result :)I made an appointment but you can also drop-in, you just have to take the risk of the store being too busy.  I have no idea what the other reviewers are complaining about, these people are probably the 1%s that complain about everything.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. I came in to buy some brushes and a red lipstick. A lady asked me if I was finding everything ok. Which was good and the usual. After 5mins I asked so what are the difference between brow brushes and angled eye shadow brush. She said they are all the same. Nothing really different. Ok..... After a while she disappeared. Another lady helped me since I could not find the one who I was talking to. However this other lady looked and gave me the impression of don't bother me I'm tired and I don't want to be here so stop asking questions and just buy already. Yeah it literally felt like that. Her facial expressions and her body language said it all. Anyways I ignored it since my main purpose was to buy something I was looking for. So got my stuff, paid and left. Went back to the hotel room. Ends up only the brushes I bought were in there. I checked the receipt to see if I paid the lipstick. Yes I did. So I called right away explained what happened and mid way explaining lady says let me just put u on hold while I help my other customer check out first. I was like ok....when she got back to me I explained what happened and she said there is nothing she could do and I would have to wait for the manager to call back. I said I'm leaving tmw morning for LA. Can I just go there now since I have to be at a show in less than 2 hours. She said I cannot guarantee you anything until the manager talks to u. I said ok. I can wait on the phone for him. She immediately said ma'am you need to calm down and trust me that I will tell the manager. In order for me to do my job you need to calm down. I was not even freaking out. I just explained what happened and that I'm going down of my hotel to be there and talk to the manager. I said ok but I'm heading there now too since I have a show to catch later this way its faster. Her response was up to you. So when I got there you would think the manager would say sorry for their employees' mistake right? He told me you need to be more patient with us next time. I ws so pissed I wanted to make a scene. But I realized I'm on vacation and I'm more educated than this guy. So I said well I'm leaving tmw and I have a show to catch at a diff hotel. After that I grabbed my lipstick and left. I am never going to shop there ever again. A customer's job is to browse, select and pay. Their job, is to accept the money,BAG the item and give good service. It was not my fault in the first place. Yet they made it seem like it was my fault.
1	I would FOR SURE recommend to anyone to not even waste your time here.  They are really rude, and act like they don't even know what they are doing. They told me they didn't like people buying just ONE thing because of sales. I also asked if I could exchange the lipstick "Diva" because it looked strange on me, the lady then told me I don't know how to put on lipstick and that it should look "weird." She could have given me tips and suggestions instead if losing a sale. Never will I step foot in there again!
5	While on vacation I decided to stop by Mac at the forum shops to buy some things for my girlfriend. I was so confused and had no idea what to buy, but the Manager Lina helped me and let me tell you she is amazing!!! She was patient and helped put together a great set for my girlfriend. With a purchase of over $500 I believe every store should have employees that provide excellent service like Lina did. She's genuinely sincere with her customers and I'm going to make sure I bring my girlfriend back the next time we're both in town!!
1	I've been a MAC buyer for a long time, I do makeup artistry as a side venture and have for well over 10 years. I buy MAC products because they 1. last the longest, 2. the colors are the best, and 3. I had next to amazing customer service at previous locations for years until this one. I Grappled with the whole "leave a review" thing for a few weeks and decided that it was best to get my voice out there. I have been living in Las Vegas for going on two years and have had nothing but top notch customer service at most department stores that I've been to. The VS in the Forum Shoppes is by far the best I've been to but when I walked into the MAC store I could not believe just how unfriendly it felt. There was one girl who approached me to help and I asked a few questions because I knew what I was there for but didn't know if they had them in stock anymore. She looked for my products while I continued browsing new products--while three sales people stared me down like I was trash. I'll admit that I usually look like a scrub while I shop; messy hair, little to no makeup on, and comfy clothes that don't scream "this girl knows her shit" but judging me on my appearance was the biggest mistake of their day. I usually don't walk away with less than 120.00 in total product but a sour taste was left in my mouth from moment one reducing my total purchase to about 40.00. For any store managers reading this--you need to seriously consider firing about half of your sales people because they judge on appearances and make customers feel uncomfortable and unwanted in their store. They didn't see my JAM packed shopping bags and go "oh yes, we are going to take care of her, no problem" they looked at my face, outfit, and hair and brushed me off like yesterday's trash.The guys at the checkout were also rude, they didn't give me their undivided attention and were too busy playing with the sound system to give a rip about smiling at me and saying "Have a great day" or even a "thank you so much for shopping with us today". It was more like a "cash or charge?" while they avoided eye contact at all costs. I am really disappointed because I planned on choosing one MAC cosmetics store to give my business to and the Forum Shoppes are very convenient for my 10 minutes off strip apartment living--but after that experience, I don't even want to go in there when that staff is in. Consider going somewhere else if you don't look like a perfect 10 with wads of cash hanging out of your pocket--if you look like you aren't going to a club you'll probably get a little bit of a cold shoulder. So very disappointing. Bad form, MAC, bad form.
5	I was suppose to leave this review months ago... I was in Vegas for Super Bowl weekend 2/14 and wanted to get my fix of some Viva Glam Rihanna. We went into Caesar's forum shops and found this wonderful MAC store! Me and my girl Mo walked in and they were busy. We started looking at the lip-glosses and a male make up artist walked up to us and started chatting. He was super nice and helpful. Even though we were "shopping while drinking" he was so pleasant! LOL! He helped me and my home girl! Come to find out he was a manager or leader of some sort... I can't remember. Anyway, his name was Freddy, I do remember that! Thanks again Freddy, you're AWESOME!!!
5	Just had my make-up applied on by Cecilia McCray.  Excellent make-up artist.  She not only knows color & how to properly apply it but is very professional & personable. I would recommend her for anyone who is looking for that special look for that special occasion.
5	Thank you to Rorie Brock of MAC PRO - Forum at Caesars who helped me a lot choose the right makeup for me. She is so helpful ( I was on a wheelchair) and patient! The store number is 702 369 8770.
5	I wasn't expecting great service based on previous reviews and that it is in a busy shopping area, but I was assisted by Larry as soon as I walked in. I went in for 1 item and left with 4 that I'm very happy with. He was very efficient and knowledgeable and made my experience great.
3	I went in one time and had terrible customer service... Went in another and it was really good! Thanks Mariah. I think that's what her name was.
1	Being African American makes it hard to find a good match for my brown skin tone and someone who knows how to do a good job. I figured I could get that in a MAC store...I was wrong! I don't usually wear makeup but I was walking around the shops and I thought to myself let me go buy some good quality makeup instead of the drug store brands. Lets just say I am glad I did not purchase anything here.I walked in and this artist asked if I needed help and I said yes. I have acne marks that needed to be covered and he went to work. I told him please do not leave me looking pasty and fake, or like a ghost. (you know you see those women when their face is like 10 shades lighter then the rest of their body, or their eyebrows so thick they look like paint).While he was doing my makeup this woman was just standing in the store staring at me getting my makeup done. It was so weird. I wanted to say "do you like what you see?" LOL!He finished and handed me the mirror. I said that I thought it was too light on me. He insisted that it looked great. I said I can see it is lighter than my neck. He insisted that I need to match my chest. I know i'm no makeup expert but I do not walk around with my chest exposed, but my neck, yes! I remembered all the products and colors he used in case I was just being paranoid and wanted to come back and buy them at a later time. I knew the camera wouldn't lie so when I left the store and I went in my car I took a picture...and I look so bad. Ghost wasn't even the word! it was horrible! Maybe it was a fluke and it was just a bad artist I had. I do not plan on returning anytime soon.
5	I went in for red lipstick and walked out with a brand new, updated face. Oscar, my personal artiste, did an exceptional job understanding exactly what I wanted and customizing my 'look.'  Wish this was closer to home, I'd definitely be back. Ask for Oscar, he is so sweet and knowledgeable!
4	I am sent out into the world alone about 3 times annually to hunt, forage & harvest for my girls 3 big present days.  In these celestial times I have found 3 places that have become expected ritual stocking stuffer caliber gifts.  These would be (1.) MAC lipstick, eyeliner, mascara.  (2.) Vosgues Chocolate and something from the (3.)Betty Page Store(now renamed Tatyana boutique).All 3 are located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace!   I have everything all mapped out, so as to keep the hunt as fruitful quick and painless as possible.  At MAC I ask for the Russian Red lipstick and the numbers of eyeliner and mascara that I sneak a peek of in her make up bag.  Most times the staff can see that I am on a mission and they snatch those up for me and I am on my way to the next "big game" of this hunt.  However.  Once in a while I get the super helpful employee that asks me questions first.  This totally screws with my synchronicity and induces headache-like anxiety.  "Did you want this in matte or gloss?"  "Now were you looking for our new blah blah blah line of mascara or did you want the classic etc. etc.?"NO NO NO!  Don't do this to me!  One time I attempted to answer these type of questions and it resulted in a fading smile after opening the MAC present bag.  Aside from that I now sneak the actual makeup she has and just show them to the MAC employees which makes my stop at MAC less than 4 minutes now!  Great staff and they did find time to squeeze my girl in short notice once for an anniversary makeover this year so I think they are a very cool MAC store for the Strip.
1	I came in with four items I had previously used and wanted to buy. Very straight forward. Staff are uneducated on the products they have in stock, in their actual store. I was told the products I wanted by buy were limited edition and not in stock. Was sold a color I hadn't asked for, by mistake, and then given aggravation when I came back 2 minutes later for the correct color exchange which then... they had miraculously had in stock the whole time. Terrible customer service and uneducated on stock, in actual store. With no sales required in this transaction required, they actually managed to mess the sale up.
5	On August 1st I went to MAC at the Pro Forum Shoppes inside of the Cesar hotel to do make-up. I was greeted and serviced by this amazing make-up artist, who was friendly, knowledgeable, and a super artist. I left the store feeling and looking like a super model. In addition to that, Sam Phafong, my make-up artist hooked me up with a current sale, and I got  a free mascara that he helped me selecting, because I am a total negation in putting make-up on myself. I am from a tropical country where I did not get into the habit of putting make-up on, but this is beyond the point I want to make.IF YOU NEED A MAKE-UP ARTIST, JUST CALL MAC PRO FORUM AND ASK FOR SAM. HE IS REALLY REALLY REALLY AMAZING!
3	I love their eyeliner the best, I don't wear much make up as is ... When I do wear it I always buy mac eyeliner
5	Made an appointment for 2 People today and they only had 1 person on the appointment and Regina made it happen... They are always super busy I walked in yesterday and she remembered me. And her makeup was on point... I thought she was the manager so I didn't think I could request her so I asked her if she could do my makeup and she said yes! Thank god  yeah I waited over 30 min but I got her thank Regina from Santa Barbara!
5	I got married in Vegas two weeks ago ~ after reading a number of disappointing reviews on make-up artists such as the Glam Squad I decided to go into the MAC store and take a chance, despite reading that it was a super busy store.  I got lucky - I got Emily! She was professionalism personified! It was around 3pm and she did my eyes between dealing with customers, she then offered to do my full face! I got married at 8.30pm a very happy lady! Thank you Emily!
5	I cannot express how appreciative I am of Jose who works at this location.  My girlfriends and I were just browsing and I was looking for a new fall blush shade for fun.  I had previously purchased a blush from Mac about two weeks ago that I love and could not remember what it looked like on.  Jose tried a few on me and agreed that animal instinct was a great color but that I shouldn't have to purchase it because I just purchased a blush that was almost identical.  He tried a few other colors on me for spring and told me to come back and he would happily do a make over.  So kind and a complete gentleman.  I have been shopping at MAC for years and he is hands down the best employee I have ever encountered.Thank you for great service!!!
5	This review is long over due! I was in Vegas for my cousins wedding back in May and made an appointment with Mac to have my makeup done. Renee was my artist, and I now know why they call it a "Pro Shop" She was professional, personable and a true artist. I let her do her thing with one request, not too much face make up. And OMG, I was so happy with the results!!! Everything was perfect!! My eye shadow was beautiful!  The only thing that sucks, is that I will never be able to do my own makeup like that. I recommend Renee to everyone, you will  not be disappointed! Definitely worth the "seating fee"
5	My favorite mac (:the girls are so nice the make overs rock and the selections rock (: the location in Caesars Palace is the most clean of the Marc's in las vagas (:
5	Love Mac they do makeovers with with a 59 dollar purchase !they have holiday packaging that are very cute !(: the girls are really nice ,the location is amazing and most of all the management real nice as always
5	I absolutely love this store. They have a big selections of eyeshows, lipsticks, mascaras,  foundations, makeup brushes, eyeliners that I absolutely love. And the sales people are so helpful. They greet me right the way when I enter the store. They let me try on everything until I find the right color. They even put my makeup on for me. You buy $50 of makeup & they will do your makeup for u. I just love this store. I come here all the time. Everyday if I can. Lol.  I think everyone should shop here. :)
