3	Discount for paying in cash, Suki has a nice interior and is very comfortable for getting your nails done or a pedicure. There is a discount for paying in cash, but I don't recommend getting any waxing done - while it's only $7 for an eyebrow wax, I don't think the woman understood the style I wanted for my bows. The brows look good but lacked style.
1	Don't support a business owner who is rude to her staff and also her customers!! I was there today and she was extremely and overtly rude to several of the ladies working. She was hostile in her general attitude towards both her staff and the customers. I was shocked when she yelled "Do you know how much these cost?!" to a young customer who accidentally knocked cuticle clippers off the table. She then went on to ask "How did you knock these off when I put them over here?" (and pointed to the top of the table and then spent a full minute examining the clippers for "damage"). When I went to check out she charge me $43 for a service I thought was supposed to be $35 as there were several signs about the $35 price for gel polish and spa pedicure. She then told me I needed a coupon and waived one at me that another customer had printed out and brought. I asked her to honor the price she had listed on her front door. She told me to bring a coupon and I said I would be happy to do that the next time and she said then she would then honor the price then next time and waived her hand in the air as she walked away ( while telling girl who was at the counter to be sure to charge me full price). If I had a coupon she would have to by law honor the price. I was suggestig that she honor it since the coupon/advertisement with the price listed was plastered on the front door and it didn't say a coupon was required. Of course I then told her that was a poor way to do business and I would NOT be back. I am new in town and was looking for a new place to have my nails done (which I do every two weeks). What a rediculous business decision!!
2	I know I only purchased a basic pedicure, but at $21, I still expected more than a 20 second per leg massage.  I don't know if this is the norm, or they shortened it since they were busy, but that's ridiculous!  Also, while my legs were still in the water, she started cleaning the equipment in my water, so all my dead skin was floating around my feet & legs.  As soon as she finished cleaning, she then told me to take my feet out.  Couldn't she have had me take my legs out first?  The owner or manager also had her stop working on me so she could move some chairs around which I find strange.  I definitely won't be back, but my toes do look pretty, so I gave them 2 stars.
4	This is now my go-to nail salon. It's pretty, doesn't smell of nail polish remover, and the tech's are usually super nice. They do such a nice job with gel polish, too. Always take their time and never rush through it. The pedicures are nice as well. I only gave 4 stars because when they are busy, they are a little snippy with you. Otherwise, amazing!
1	I have really tried to like Suki Nails... I have. I have been a client on and off since they opened a few years back.  I live extremely close to the place and it's convenient.  Plus, I like to support local places near my house and community.  No longer can do so at Suki Nails.1. The owner is extremely rude.  To patrons, to employees and to kids.  There is no thank you's; there is no smiles.  She doesn't say hello or goodbye to patrons. If kids come in and do anything but sit quietly, she will reprimand them for you. I don't have kids but I have witnessed this several times. You will also notice obnoxious signs about keeping your kids in check are quite obvious. You're location is smack between a high school, middle school and elementary school, just outside of Blakeney and in Cedar Walk.  The area is chalked full with young families.The way she speaks to employees is nothing short of degrading.  She doesn't care if you are there alone or with 15 people in the salon. It's terrible to witness.2. Expect to wait and wait a long time. Last week, I got there at 6:15 pm thinking that an hour and 15 minutes was more than enough time for gel polish change and eyebrow wax.... I walked out a few minutes after 8.  A mother and daughter were in that night and were waiting on pedicures.  They had their feet in the water and sat for at least 25 minutes before walking out. Who knows how long they sat there before I got there! Another woman came in for a gel polish change, like I, and got there at 5:30pm and left shortly before me.  Almost 2 1/2 hours! She had to remind someone to take her hands out of the foils. 3. I type a lot for work and I had trouble keeping nail polish on for more than a few days before it chips, so I converted to gel nail polish (which is amazing by the way)!  But I've done this 4 times in a row at Suki and each time, there has been an issue with the application( from uneven coats to bubbling) which has been why I finally have had enough giving my money to this place.  Today, an entire strip of my nail polish peeled off after washing my  hands. I had my nails done less than 3 days ago! 4. On the last night I was there; I got my eyebrows waxed.  Almost at 8pm.  The owner told her employee to hurry up and do so she could go home. (Glad I paid for that?) She quickly did my eyebrows and the next day, I had to get them re-done because not only were they uneven, she missed doing my upper arches. Also, you save money for paying with cash.  Also, you can print coupons for discounts.There IS a positives.. . It is very pretty inside. The nail techs are sweet and do a great job when they are able and not being berated. I hope they leave and go elsewhere!I will never return here.  Ever.
1	I got acrylics by who I believe to be the owner and she was AWFUL. I tried to tell her what shape I wanted and she wouldnot listen, and would get mad when I asked her to stop and fix it. She ruined my nails. She used tips that were too wide for my finger nail and so I had to have them removed the next day when I started experiencing awful pain from the tips pulling on my natural nail. Also she kept trying to get the nails to be in a weird widening shape, like this: \__/ I wish I could call and yell at her for how awful she was. The place is cheap for a reason.
