5	Had my trans serviced on my work vehicle. Fair price. No attempt at trying to up sell me.  I have been going to kens since 1987
5	I found Ken's place through my regular mechanic (John's Super Service on McDowell) because John's doesn't do tranny work. Ken's did a replacementtransmission on my old  Grand Caravan and called me when they found something else wrong, for permission to fix. The price was reasonable and never had a problem. Recently, I purchased another used van (the Caravan gone to the Dodge graveyard in the Sky!) and I took it to them for a transmission check, They told me exactly what was wrong, suggested on things to fix now and when I could afford it, and didn't charge me a dime. They even gave me a ride home and picked me up when they were done, without me asking.  This is one of the BEST shops in town, hands down: honest, fair priced, reliable, and friendly. Don't gamble--go by what others say (and YES I read the bad review too, everyone has an Off Day!)  Thanks John for recommending and THANKS KEN for running such a great place!
5	No complaints here!  I was in California when my clutch started making horrible noises.  I made it home and these guys replaced my throw-out bearing and clutch in 1-day.  My husband called around - these guys were competively priced.  Service & time was fantastic.  Driving my truck now (163,000 miles) and the clutch feels great.  They advised that they do ALL mechanical repairs too!!!  Oh, and this was the SECOND vechicle we've brought here.  My husband brought an old truck in here about 7 years ago and was satisfied back then.  This place has been around a long time.  Hopefully we won't need to be back, but if need be, we have their #.
5	My transmission was slipping in my truck and I researched shops on YELP and stumbled across Kens. From the moment we called them, they were nothing but helpful, honest, friendly, and very knowledgeable. Their price was significantly lower than the rest (about 20 other shops that we called) and they included a warranty. I got my truck back and it is running like a champ! I am so very pleased and will recommend them to any family member or friend. Phil was wonderful to work with and Ken was great too!
