5	I've always been very picky when it comes to finding the right personal trainer for myself, because of my specific goals. I have no interest in paying someone to watch me run on a treadmill or jump rope, I can do this myself and don't need to pay someone to stand next to me as I am doing it. As a chiropractor, I want to make sure that I am able deliver great adjustments without having to feel exhausted at the end of the day. I am also looking to refine and develop specific movement patterns that will allow me to give the best adjustments to my patients, so the exercises and drills that I practice are very specific to me and my body. When I was introduced to Peter Pinto by James, I knew that he was exactly what I have been looking for. Peter understands that the nervous system governs our body and therefore is able to integrate neurology with his training. He took the time to listen and evaluate exactly what I was looking for and needed, instead of making assumptions as to what he thinks I needed. I've referred many others to Peter, and have heard nothing but great things about him. They absolutely appreciate him and the detailed analysis that he gives them. Peter caters to your needs specifically, which I find is one of the most important qualities that make a great physical trainer.
5	Peter & James put back my life in Balance and i am very grateful for that.They are very competent and fun to train with.Don't hesitate, you will not regret it
5	I've always been very picky when it comes to finding the right personal trainer for myself, because of my specific goals. I have no interest in paying someone to watch me run on a treadmill or jump rope, I can do this myself and don't need to pay someone to stand next to me as I am doing it. As a chiropractor, I want to make sure that I am able deliver great adjustments without having to feel exhausted at the end of the day. I am also looking to refine and develop specific movement patterns that will allow me to give the best adjustments to my patients, so the exercises and drills that I practice are very specific to me and my body.When I was introduced to Peter Pinto by James, I knew that he was exactly what I have been looking for. Peter understands that the nervous system governs our body and therefore is able to integrate neurology with his training. He took the time to listen and evaluate exactly what I was looking for and needed, instead of making assumptions as to what he thinks I needed.I've referred many others to Peter, and have heard nothing but great things about him. They absolutely appreciate him and the detailed analysis that he gives them. Peter caters to your needs specifically, which I find is one of the most important qualities that make a great physical trainer.
5	The Fit Labs will not only change your body, but also change your life!!! I have been working with James Wong for over 3.5 years.  He is not only my trainer, he is my psychologist, my motivator, and my mentor. These are not "extra" for charge services, these are simply apart of The Fit Labs experience.  Whether you prefer private training sessions or group sessions, your workout is still tailored to YOU! James, Peter, and the entire Fit Labs team are authentic and genuinely interested in helping you achieve your fitness goals, but also life goals. Once you step into The Fit Labs, your life and body WILL change.
