1	Had arranged a pickup for the airport and one minute before my pickup time Jeff called to state his car wouldn't start and he wouldn't be able to pick me up. Offered to get me a cab which I declined not sure he would actualy do. I was very upset as I only had a short period of time to make my flight. I was able to get a cab on short notice and did make my flight after running through the airport. He has never called back to apologize or refund my money as I purchased his service on a Living Social voucher. Bad Business ethics. I would rate his service as less then stellar.
5	When my flight landed early, the driver Ben called me to say that he knew of the early arrival and when I got my bag to give him a call.  After I picked up my luggage, I called him and he was already at the terminal pickup.  The driver was pleasant, courteous, friendly and drove safely.  The car was clean and roomy.  He handled my luggage door to door.  I plan on using the service to get back to the airport.  I highly recommend this company and driver.
5	Great service!! On time, courteous and friendly driver and beautiful vehicle ! Will definitely use again .
5	Jeff and Arrange a Ride are great!  He is always professional and all vehicles are always clean (and non-smoking).  We have referred people to him and gotten calls after raving about their great experience.  Airports, weddings, proms, he does it all, great guy to work with and very reliable.  Will continue using his services whenever needed!
5	I have used Arrange A Ride now for at least three years. I enjoy their personal and professional service. When asked about transportation services I always recommend Jeff and his company. On a recent trip I was delayed in making connections and actually arrived back in Phoenix a day latter. During that time I had received various text messages that they were aware of my situation and were following the airline for updates. To my amazement after landing and undoing the airplane mode from my phone. There was text saying me vehicle was waiting and gave me the location. What a relief. These guys are blessing. I have been very satisfied with the service I've received from Arrange A Ride. They have earned my business many times over. Especially after the one I just wrote about.Thanks Guys!God Bless!
