5	I took a leap of faith  - I ate at a 'all-in-one' Asian restaurant - a genre usually notoriously bad, targeting the market segment that only eats there because in truth they cannot distinguish between Japanese and Chinese.However, Thai Pho is the wonderful exception.  The decor is modern and the restaurant is attached to Tokyo Sushi - meaning you can order from either menu - allowing a selection of Thai, Viet, AND Japanese food.The two of you that have read my previous reviews (hi Mom and Dad!), know that I am usually not a fan of large menus.  They obscure the good plates with garbage.  Make no mistake, the abundance of selection is not just a show.  I ordered the handroll special and pad thai - my colleague ordered thai egg rolls and rice vermicelli.  The pad thai was excellent - the noodles were firm and the sauce wasn't overwhelming the way cheap pad thai is.  The sushi was OK and the rice vermicelli and shrimp were "better than I can get at home" according to my Vietnamese colleague.  I want to come back to try anything and everything else.  Never again will you have to be undecided on a place to eat - come here and have it all!
4	It's rare that I find a restaurant in Montreal serving sushi that meets my two standards - delicious and reasonably priced.  Thai Pho managed to have a broad menu including plenty of sushi options and a few appealing looking boxes.  I went for the dynamite dragon roll; for $5, I got a large roll topped with thick slabs of raw salmon.  It was probably the best roll I've had for that price in the whole city.  Besides the food, the inside decor was very pleasant and it wasn't overly noisy.  The only downside was the service; if you like to be attentively waited on, this is not the right place to go.  Overall though, it was a good meal for a reasonable price!
1	Had the tonkinese soup and it's flavorless but service is of decor is very nice. Haven't tried the other stuff here but for a good soup go to Chinatown much better!!
2	I was in Montreal for a conference and the concierge at our hotel recommended this restaurant as having good vegetarian options. To his credit, they did have plenty of vegetarian options, but the food wasn't good. My two coworkers and I each got rice dishes with meat and/or vegetables. I got the lemongrass tofu. The tofu was chewy and overcooked, and there was no sauce in the dish at all. The food took forever to arrive, and they didn't even have any of the advertised drinks or desserts that night. My coworkers did not like their food, either. Two stars just because the people there were very nice and they were open late, which worked out well for us, but I would skip this place and go elsewhere.
4	We got to sit by the window and the view on this busy street kept me entertained while I was waiting for my food.As a vegetarian I was happy to see that there were many options for me to choose from, I had the Vegetable Thai Basil noodles and the portion was huge (enough for two people and it was $6.95) Fairly cheap for a restaurant in a busy neighbourhood like this one.I would recommend going here for one of your meals if you are visiting Montreal and enjoy Thai food.
2	Really bad service.  Food was pretty good, and cheap, but the servers were borderline rude.
2	Got me some pho, and it came with a standard metal spoon and didn't come with any cilanto or mint leaves. Service was less than exceptional. However, the Japanese Dancing with the Stars knockoff on TV was pretty entertaining.
1	BOTTOM LINE: TPSBFHDB (this place sucks big fat hairy donkey balls). The service was absolute poppycock and the food was rubbish.Me and my 5 DCs had a late dinner here after a long day at Osheaga mainly because most of the other kitchens along this strip were closed. We might of been able to avoid this disaster of a place if only we had consulted with Yelp first.We all ordered vermicelli bowls since we were starving and it's quick to make...or so we though. We ended up waiting over 30 minutes for the dishes to arrive and they were brought 5-10 minutes apart! No, they were not busy - there was only another table of 4 that had ordered. Given that it takes all of 60 seconds to cook vermicelli and another 2-3 minutes to grill the meat...FAIL.The EPIC FAIL, however, began when I enquired about my forgotten order. The waiter gave me a dirty look of acknowledgement and trotted off to the kitchen. My vermicelli bowl was soon plopped down in front of me with 2 small burnt pieces of beef and partially cooked vermicelli that was still hard! I complained about the laughably small portion (compared to my DC's orders) and was told that because I got a spring roll, I got less beef than everyone else. WTF? JTFC! Spring rolls comes with each vermicelli by default! I then showed him the raw vermicelli, and he gave me yet another exasperated look, took my bowl away and left without saying a word. I was so PO'ed at that point, I chased him down to cancel the order - no way was I gonna wait another 30 minutes nor risk them tampering with my food. He turned to me, tossed my bowl onto the kitchen table and left again without saying a word. No apology, no nothing. They were equally rude and indifferent to my DC who also had uncooked vermicelli and to my DC that they overcharged with items he never ordered.And to top it off, their vermicelli bowls really sucked (even accounting for the cooked portions of it): bland flavours, few veggies, no garnishes and a miserly spring roll filled with more vermicelli!I don't think I've ever experienced such rude and incompetent service, let alone completely cancel an order because of how quickly things went downhill. I couldn't even recommend this place to my worst enemy because it would give this place unwarranted business. Yelpers, you've been warned.
3	I came to Montreal with the intention of ONLY eating Canadian food during the brief few days I was there. This meant: Poutine and anything made from animals.This extensive list obviously excludes Asian food, for which I have high standards of authenticity (as opposed to most Western food, which just needs to be delicious), and which feels silly to seek out when one is not in New York or California... or Asia.Unfortunately we found ourselves starving on the extremely touristy Rue Sainte-Catherine. I don't mean museum-touristy, but shopping-at-American-Eagle-touristy - a far more grim situation.  This section of the street is lined with Thai and Vietnamese restaurants. Finally I gave in, giving some internal excuse of "Well Vietnamese food has heavy French influence considering the colonization and all... maybe via syllogism, the Vietnamese food won't suck." We randomly chose Thai & Pho because reading "soupe tonkinese" everywhere on such a cold day was making my mouth water, and because it was on a corner and it's always nicer to dine on a corner. Yep, some precise decision making. The intent was to just get something small to share before moving on to bigger and better in a different neighborhood. We ordered a roti canai (because I love the stuff and it was a cheap app, $3.95) and a pho (large size was $6.99; they only have "small" "large" and "XL"). The roti canai was a disappointment. If you have ever had roti canai, you would know that it is supposed to rise several inches in the air and be a fluffy, flaky, chewy paradox. Thai & Pho's roti was four tiny pieces of fried flat bread that were obviously pre-frozen. The curry sauce had a nice mild spice to it, but was way too salty. Avoid this one.And on to the important part - the pho! Noodles were soft, didn't clump, and were overall good. The broth was good as a broth, but didn't have much distinctive pho flavor. The beef we had ordered raw but the slices were not pink at all, but they were sliced extremely thin. I will say that a $7 bowl of noodle soup went a long way toward feeding two people. I am also a fan of the huge ladle provided to slurp up the goodness. The pho did not come with the usual raw bean sprout/lime/basil leaves... but there were Sriracha and Hoisin already on the table, so fine. Our food came within 10 minutes of ordering. I had no problems with the waitstaff, either, who were prompt and generally young and spoke fluent, barely accented English. Another reviewer seems displeased that the waitstaff didn't speak English - as opposed to French, or an Asian language?The interior is modern-looking but the restaurant itself doesn't necessarily give off a "new" vibe. They seemed to have a healthy crowd in the vast space for the awkward time of day (3pm) and it looks like they could handle large groups easily. They are connected to Tokyo Sushi next door, so you can order from Tokyo Sushi's menu and/or a la carte sushi as well. As expected, the meal was reasonably priced. Nothing really stands out about this place, so I'm not sure how this review became so long. TL;DR? Avoid all the roti. The pho was definitely satisfying but reminds me of a Chinese pho place in Queens that I frequent when I am feeling too lazy to get to a real Vietnamese place.
