4	Despite its name, Double Dutch really has very little to do with the Dutch - in fact, this well located bisto is more british medeterranian, and it does well for being so.The cafe itself is simply brilliant, I love the openess that the huge windows provide, and while it can feel a bit cramped on busy days, generally it works very well. Staff have always been friendly to me, and I do not think I have ever been dissapointed by the food. The breakfast/brunch menu is sublime, but in general the food is all good, with the croque monsieur the best I have had outside Paris.The trouble is that dining at Double Dutch  can get into the expensive side of things. Maybe you could just 'go Dutch' on the bill though.
2	OK so I have given this place two shots, thinking that my first disappointing visit was just mere bad luck (everyone has their bad days). I will give you the general gist of both occasions.First time: We walk into the Double Dutch and a friendly waitress took our orders. Then we waited. And waited. And waited. After much time (and luckily my friend and I were both chatter boxes) the waitress finally appeared with out orders. My hamburger was very dry and required a lot of ketchup. We payed and left with heavy stomachs but willing to give it another shot.The second time I came here was with my mum. We were hungry and I had class in an hour and thought that this place would be ideal. Initially the waitress wouldn't let us seat by the window tables because we were only two, it was quite busy, and the tables were for bigger crowds. Fair enough, we didn't really mind, until a moment after we were seated in our new seats (awkwardly close to the next table) a couple walked in and took the window tables. The waitress didn't tell them anything.Putting this aside, we waited a while before someone took our order (it was quite busy) and  I don't think he could speak English very well. Now before you get your knickers in a twist, I'm an international student myself and know the difficulties mastering the spoken English language (as opposed to the written) but the guy (who was very sweet) did not really speak at all. Anyway, setting aside this, our food took ages to come and when it did , the chips were coldish but the rest of the food warm- so who knows how long it had been sitting around. Incidentally the table next to us who arrived 10 minutes after us got their food first (which they tried giving to us). My egg and bacon bagel was good (although this could have been cause I was starving) and I had to wolf it down cause I was going to be late for class. Getting the bill was another issue, when the girl FINALLY brought it we payed hastily and left quickly only to later realise they had brought us the wrong bill and a more expensive one.So to sum up I don't think I will be heading here for a while again. Double Dutch is going to have to compete with the multiple cafes dotted around this area and certainly take advantage of its large outdoor and indoor seating area.
3	Double Dutch is one of many cafe snack joints around the area, some of which are quite rightly highly regarded. So there is quite some competition abound.This cafe isn't terrible by any stretch of the imagination, but I am left feeling I would rather go to those other said cafes, which seem to have that extra ingredient. When I visited Double Dutch the service was fine, friendly enough, if a little slow. I have no complaints about the coffee I had. But I didn't feel overly enamoured by the atmosphere which was a little lacking. Double Dutch is also a touch more expensive than other cafes nearby, an all important issue in a student area.The place itself is pretty big and open with out door seating to boot. Though even still it can get quite busy around 12-2. As has been pointed out in other reviews, the food itself is actually more standard British/Mediterranean.Not a bad place if you want to try somewhere new or everywhere else is taken, but could do with being a bit more exciting.
3	If you are in the mood for Mediterranean food, Double Dutch is the place to go. Situated just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square, Double Dutch is an incredibly convenient place for students to go for their breakfast, lunch or for a quick snack. I have been here several times for breakfast and lunch and have had a pleasant experience. They serve a wide variety of breakfast dishes, including a fully cooked breakfast which is called 'the hangover cure', and it certainly does cure even the most horrendous of hangovers. Their other breakfast meals include vegetarian cooked breakfast, Mediterranean breakfasts, eggy bread and eggs Benedict. The breakfasts are served all day so it is a great place to come on a lazy Saturday or Sunday morning for breakfast if you have been out the night before.Double Dutch's lunch menu includes wraps, salads, soups, burgers and nachos. I had a salami and bacon chaibatta and wasn't that impressed with it. The bacon had an awful lot of fat round the outside which I had to keep pulling off, and the chiabatta bread was pretty dry and the whole thing could have done with some sauce or spread. Double Dutch also serve a selection of Mediterranean Mezze style dishes such as lamb moussaka, hummus and cous cous which look really good on the menu, but are quite expensive for what they are as they are priced at around seven pounds. Most of the other dishes are more reasonably priced at about four or five pounds. Double Dutch is a handy place to go for food as it is so centrally located, but I think there are more tastier food places available in this vicinity.
2	The service in here in here isn't fantastic, the one time I've been the waiter seemed confused by my request for a brie and bacon croissant (it was on the menu!) so I got a brie and jam croissant which was too bizaare to ignore so I had to send it back.Once the right order came it was very tasty with generous helpings of both ingredients. The waiter just seemed slightly irritated that I was there! The coffee was really good but they didn't have any smoothies even though they had tempted me by putting them on the menu.So all round slightly disappointing which I hate saying but there isn't really another way round it!
4	Like Steph, I too am confused at why this place is called Double Dutch. It's a cafe in Edinburgh selling food from the Med. Maybe their geography is out since there is nothing particularly Dutch about this place.But that doesn't matter, since the food and atmosphere are both rather nice.I LOVE Mediterranean food. I can't get enough of it. So this place does me nicely. They do great snacks, an amazing hangover cure breakfast (which isn't Greek inspired, but for 2.50 it's better than buying paracetomol if you've got a raging headache), panini's, wraps packed with fillings and mains such as my all time fave mousakka. Additionally, they have light bites such as salads, plus dishes such as a spinach and feta pastry which may add a bit of flavour to your diet. Certainly there are some small dishes in here I've never tried before, and since they are an affordable way to work your way through the Mediterranean menu it's not too shabby.I visited this cafe on a summer's evening, when at 7pm there were drunks staggering about from neighbouring areas. I don't know if it was that feeling of deprivation from neighbourhoods I had walked through to get to this place that made it stand out, or just the fact that it's nice. But since it's a spacious, clean cafe offering you that little bit extra in terms of menu options, it certainly stands apart from other cafe's in this neck of the woods.
4	Cuisine has never been particularly synonymous with Dutch culture, not in the way that "Total Football" and a morally dubious attitude to both drugs and prostitution is. Having eaten in most of the surrounding cafes on my lunchtime adventures, I donned my clogs and finally decided to give this one a go.Upon arrival it became immediately apparent that it's not Dutch, at all. It's another falafel / hummus / kebab number with a bit of greasy spoon thrown in, and like most of it's neighbours, the food is pretty tasty. The Mediterranean side of it is anyway, I'm yet to try the bargain breakfast.
2	I didn't like the fry up here which was disappointing because this place was recommended to me. It was cheap so I guess I paid for what I got. I think Snax is my favourite place for a full breakfast. I might drop in Double Dutch for a coffee in future but that's all.
