4	This mechanic, Marshall, just opened his shop about 4 mos ago.  He stated he worked for Volvo as a mechanic for 13 years.  He took care of my Volvo auto repair & even did a thorough once over on some minor things to be taken care of later.   He can do oil changes, brakes on other cars that aren't Volvos but it certainly is a relief to find someone that specialize in Volvo that can take care of your car.
4	I had to get my brake pads replaced and found this shop online. It's a one man operation. The owner worked for Volvo for 14 years or so and recently decided to go out on his own. Located off Spring Mountain and Polaris it's a small, one-bay garage located next to several other car shops. I paid $100 less than what the dealer wanted to charge me. Marshall (the owner) is incredibly nice and helpful and willing to take the time to explain any problems or give advice. I couldn't find the key to my lug nuts so he let me borrow one of his master keys until I can replace mine. I doubt most places would let any customer borrow one of their keys for any length of time. That's good service if you ask me. For any future car work Bright Independent has got my business.
5	BY far, Marshall has been one of the nicest, most considerate mechanics I have ever done business with. My volvo 940 had the check engine light on and needed to get smogged, so I desperately needed to find someone who could figure out what was really wrong. Last year I took it to a Midas and after a 200 dollar check engine diagnostic they couldn't tell me what was wrong. My cooling fan had also gone out and several different friends of mine had rigged in a manual switch to keep the car from overheating. When I took the car to Marshall he was able to pinpoint the 2 sources for the check engine light- the voltage drain on the battery from the switch & an overly sensitive knock sensor. He was able to get the light turned out by replacing the bad sensor and rewiring the fan. I was running out of time to pass my smog and get the car registered and he was so considerate of that fact that he was willing to come in on his day off to help me out. We made plans for one day when I had to work, and he arranged to have his girlfriend drive me, but it fell through due to an emergency. Even so, that was a really nice gesture as he was going to have her take me to work and pick me up again at 5. He really took the time to investigate the engine and figure out what was going on to the best of his ability, and after taking several hours to diagnose and test he was willing to negotiate the already beyond-reasonable price with me. When he didn't have the sensor we needed, he was willing to take time out of the next day to quickly install it for me at no additional charge. He was beyond fair, considerate and actually capable of fixing my Volvo- a car that had stumped several mechanics in the past. His shop is small and can get overcrowded really fast, but he's a great guy and I feel no hesitation in taking my car back to him. It's so nice to have found a mechanic I can trust with my car :}
5	Marshal is an amazin mechanic and a wonderful human being. 3 weeks ago I was on a road trip from sf to lv, to valley of fire, to zion national park, to the grand canyon and back. got a check engine and transmission flashing light in vegas. I found marshall right here on yelp and he was the most honest mechanic Ive ever met. checked my code free of charge and sent me on my way, assuring me that the problem was minor: speed sensor. he didnt try to take advantage of me, knowing I was traveling and not from the area. He most definitely couldve done so very very easily. I would have paid whatever he had requested. marshall is a one man operation, which volvo is trying to shut down. he needs equipment to better serve the cliets. I say a fund should be started to get him what he needs. Honest mechanics are a dieing breed and everything should be done to ensure Marshall's survival.
5	Marshall is not only a knowledgeable mechanic but a true professional. It's a pleasure to know your vehicle is in good hands. I had some lowering springs installed on my S60R, he explained everything to me well, was patient, and forthcoming with questions I had.  Honest as the day is long, he and his team will give you the service they promise.  I like to keep my business local and help a new business stay in business whenever I can.  This shop will get all of my future service and upgrade/install biz.
5	Marshall is the best Volvo master tech in town with over 20 years experience. My engine blew in my 2002 c70 he replaced it for way less than the dealer ship. No check engine lights runs perfect and the turbo oh you know...Volvo trained assistant, clean, professional.Bright Independent Volvo comes highly recommendedMarshall the owner is one of the nicest most honest mechanics I have ever met. So to all you finicky Volvo owners rest assured this shop is the best one out for Volvo's.
5	Marshall saved our road trip when the AC went out. His service and character were really impressive.
5	I originally found Marshall at Bright Volvo by a simple Google search. I needed an alternative to the dealer, if you know the dealer in LV you'll know what I mean. I referred him sight unseen to a good friend of mine with a C70, who in turn raved about how he loved the service at his shop. I eventually had an issue with my 1993 940 turbo wagon that I could not solve. I had the car towed to Marshall who spent a few hours diagnosing the problem, to eventually find out that my fuel pump, was fine but that thethe sensor unit inside the tank that gave a false reading to the fuel gauge, and I had in fact simply run out of gas. Marshall put in a few gallons and had me running again. The best part was the he was hesitant to charge me anything but I insisted that he do so, since he spent hours diagnosing the problem. He charged me very reasonably.I send ALL my family volvo drivers to him that I can. He truly is the best Volvo mechanic around! One in a million.
5	Marshall was the trusted mechanic for our  '00 V70R's short time with us. He did work for us that was cheaper than anywhere else and always took the time to show us his work and educate us if we had questions. After we totaled the car we even considered buying another used Volvo and he helped my boyfriend out when he called into his shop just to ask some questions. I hope I can find someone like Marshall for our Honda now, because we miss him!
5	I have been having my 2004 Volvo C 70 serviced at the dealer since I bought it 9 years ago.  Great service, but at a high price.  I needed control arms and decided to shop the job.  I found this place on Yelp and gave it a shot.  Very glad I did.  Marshall did a great job and saved me about  200 bucks.  Very thorough and very informative.  Next time, and I am hoping it will be far in the future, he gets the work.  Check him out Volvo owners.  Well worth the drive.
5	Marshall was really helpful and has the best prices you'll find. He's completely honest, doesn't try to sell you unnecessary services. Definitely will be bringing my car back for any repair needs.
5	Love this guy.  First met him about 5 years ago when I needed someone to service my newly purchased used Volvo convertible.   Was lucky because he saved me money over the  foreign car guy I saw and a ton over the dealership,  None of that would have made a difference if he didnt do great work/  Hes thorough, precise, dedicated and I completely trust him.  I even go there for oil changes just to say HI.   My volvo was crushed and had to get a new car.  So I dont get to see him much.  Think thats why he is letting his hair grow like one of the Monkees.Trust him, use him, love him.
5	Marshall has been my mechanic for four years, he's very knowledgeable, dependable and honest.  He serviced my 04' XC70, but I've now upgraded to a newer 08' XC70, had him inspect it before I purchased it, which was a good idea, because he discovered that I was missing a panel cover under the engine and carmax replaced it.  If you need service on your volvo, take it here!
