5	I bought a balloon ride as a gift to my wife and we both loved it. Jon and his crew were very nice, knowledgeable and experienced. If we balloon again I would only use Apex and highly recommend them.
5	A last minute trip to Arizona seemed like an opportunity to check off an item that's been on my bucket-list, namely a flight in a hot air balloon. :) My journey started with a call to "2FLYUS" who was fully booked. They referred us to Apex with whom we originally planned to fly the morning after our arrival in Phoenix. However, I ended up losing my bag with my laptop computer upon arrival at the airport and spent the wee hours of the morning trying to locate it. This caused us to be late for our appointment with APEX. They did everything they could to make our situation less stressful while at the same time taking care of their other customers who had arrived on time. They did this by calling in Rollie from Firebird Balloons (which I also give 5 stars). While we didn't actually get to fly with Apex, I felt it important to put in a good word. They made sure we were taken care of even though we were running very late for the flight while at the same time not neglecting their other customers. And they did everything possible to eliminate the stress we were under. The bottom line is they made sure that we were taken care of. This is the mark of service excellence!
5	Great experience.   Since this was my first experience with ballooning, I don't have much by way of comparison but we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  My mother and I were in Phoenix for a long weekend and a balloon ride was on her bucket list. Spoke to Chad on the phone to make the reservation and he was easy to work with.  There were six total passengers on our flight plus the pilot and we had plenty of room - not cramped at all.  We were up in the air for about 75 minutes and had a smooth landing. Jon was great about pointing out sites around town and answering questions.  Would recommend Apex to others.
5	Absolutely unforgettable!  My husband and two kiddos went for our first balloon ride today for my husband's birthday.  First off, Jon and Chad were awesome.  They are very knowledgeable and friendly.  It's evident from the first moment that they love what they do and it shows.  We happened to be the only ones on the flight due to it being so early in the season so it was very personable.  Our flight was amazing....we soared at 7,000 feet, captured some amazing views and saw some desert wildlife.  Our landing was the ultimate--it was flawless and we got to land in the street of a residential neighborhood.  The icing on the cake was the champagne & juice celebratory toast at the end.  Jon is an exceptional pilot and if anyone was thinking of ballooning, I would highly recommend them.  You will love it!
5	Went for my first ever balloon ride with John at Apex and had a fabulous time!  My husband and brother also were along and had a great time as well. John was prompt, professional and fun.  Will definitely do it again and highly recommend using Apex.
5	Had an amazing trip with these guys.  Total pro's who love what they do and it shows.  Highly recommend.
5	I am not a professional balloon passenger but I have been a passenger on one previous occasion (had a wonderful time) but Apex Balloon stands above the rest!!!! The balloon was the most tastefully decorated of the fleet!!!! The pilot and crew were knowledgable, friendly, & even creative!!!! The pilot brought bubbles in the basket and it was an instant hit;)!!!! I would recommend this company to anyone who wants to experience a superior company;)!!!!
5	Five Stars!!  Saturday, like many other days, a balloon flew over my son and daughter in law's house while we were enjoying the weather. My sister and her husband were also with us and someone said "We need to do that".  That evening we were booked on an Apex sunset flight for Sunday.  To say we had a blast would be an understatement.  Jon (owner and Chief Pilot), Chad (pilot) and Kenny (Chase car driver) could not have made the experience more enjoyable for the 8 of us. We even got in a little night flying. Very highly recommended.
5	Best ballooning experience I've ever had! I had been on a sunrise ride a couple years ago with Hot Air Expeditions and decided it was a waste of my money and I never wanted to do it again. Fast forward...my boyfriend had never been on a ride so I decided to book us a flight. I found Apex balloons and wasn't expecting to enjoy it after my first ride prior to this. They blew my mind! Apex balloons and their crew were so great! Our pilot was Jon and our crew chief was Chad; they were both very friendly, outgoing people who made our experience so fun and special! We were able to enjoy a private sunset flight and a nice champagne toast with the crew after. It was a beautiful experience and I'm so glad I found these guys! I will be recommending this business to anyone that shows interest in ballooning! Thanks guys!
5	Jon and crew were top notch. They are prompt, well organized, efficient, personable, competent.....my wife and I had a wonderful experience. We would highly recommend their service. They all seem to go above and beyond wanting you to have the best of experiences. Jon, the pilot, is obviously gifted for this work. It seems like a calling for him!
5	Hands down awesome!! Jon took us out for two and a half hours over Phoenix this morning and it was incredible. We ended up being the only passengers so we were able to stay out later than the other hot air balloons and see everything up high, then drop to the mountains and back up again! Jon is one of those people who truly loves what he does and it shows from the takeoff to 7000ft above ground and back! Jon and Keith (the crew chief) were both so great and friendly, and made this experience one of the best my husband and I could have hoped for! Fantastic and I would do it again in a heartbeat!
5	Jon was such a great guide he is truly a balloonist down to his heart. You know he enjoys every second of his career and makes you experience perfect! He answered every question we had plus great stories during the ride. We were the first balloon out there and the last back. Great time and champagne after which is a great touch to the trip. Highly recommend this company
