5	day 17my final training session in vegas. fitting it is here. named simply after the man himself sergio penha. a true legend in brazilian jiu jitsu. he's an old war horse who's a brilliant technician and is all about one thing, submission and excitement.his academy 6 or more black belts. some of the cleanest mats around. and its fairly large. its about a year old so he has a lot of new students and a great time to come in, cuz a new school needs a new team.my trip had me feeling down cuz i felt trapped in vegas in a way. i have a buddy i am meeting in colorado and he wont be there til sunday so i'm stalling in vegas until he's a few days out from coming back.but meeting sergio and training with him lifted my spirits. his passion for jiu jitsu is contagious and all his guys and girls are all tough as hell!
5	If you live near here, this is the place to learn BJJ. With so many places to train in Las Vegas, I can see why some people get confuse to where to train. But seriously Sergio Penha is the MAN! If you really want to learn BJJ, you need to do yourself a favor and try this place. Sergio is a legend in this sport. His skills and his teaching are phenomenal. I took a class with him during a business trip and was extremely  impressed.I was injured when I went to Vegas, and almost  skipped the class with him. Didn't want to hurt my knee further. But to my surprise, his students were very respectful of my old crippled ass. I had training partners who train 100% against me even after I tell him I was hurt. Sergio is a great teacher, his place has a good vibe. Can't really ask for more.FYI he moved to 3904 Schiff Dr. And the street is actually a parking lot.
5	I have been fortunate to train with many blackbelts around the country. Sergio Penha is hands down the best instructor, technician and leaders I've met. You can tell the tone of a gym by knowing the head instructor. Sergio and his students fulfill their motto of "Family Loyalty Respect". In order to train BJJ you have to trust your training partners while still pushing the pace. Sergio's is a safe, fun and competitive place to train. Whatever your goal is (self defense, fitness, competitive BJJ/MMA) you can get there under Sergio's guidance. In the past few years there have been many "big name" MMA and BJJ fighters that have sought out Sergio. BJ Penn and  Bernardo Faria have both had extended stays at the gym. Grant is an amazing kids teacher. He works really well with young kids all the way though teens. His students regularly place in tournaments around the country. Come in and check out the gym for yourself.
5	So I'm bias, Sergio is not only a mentor he is a Master of Jiu Jitsu as well! I could stop at mentioning his 37 yrs as a black belt and the countless number of great Jiu Jitsu and MMA fighters he's molded or shown the true meaning of pressure! Sergio's school is no joke! Everyone greats you with a smile and everyone is welcomed as a member of the family. He is without a doubt royalty in the would of Jitz! Now he doesn't get as much press as the Graces do but don't underestimate his influence here in the US!I recall when I first joined, one day I counted 11 black belts present in class! All the guys from whiteto black are top notch! I can say I trained with most of the big names in Vegas, guess if you rolled all of them together maybe they would have Sergio's level of experience! If your in Vegas and your at the beginning your journey, or if you've been around the block come, by the Spring Mountain location you won't regret! If your already in town and sick of training with a guy with a giant ego, or a part time teacher and a full time fighter?! You owe it to learn from the root of modern Jiu Jitsu! Again I'm bias, and I currently live in NYC and train with another legend, in Marcello. They are really one in the same, very confident, humble and masters of the art of grappling warfare! Honor, respect, family!
5	I've been training martial arts for 20 years now and been a professional mixed martial artist for over 10 years. I've trained and competed all over the world and Sergio Penha is the best guy I have ever been on the mat with. He is a true legend and pioneer of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) who has been training for 40 years now. Sergio trains everyone from students with no martial arts experience to professional athletes at the highest level of their sport. The best thing about Sergio Penha BJJ is the family atmosphere. There are no ego's at his gym and everyone helps everyone to be the best they can be. Sergio teaches a unique blend of BJJ that can be used for everyday self defense, brazilian jiu jitsu competitions or even professional mixed martial arts style competition. I've seen examples first hand of Sergio helping to change peoples lives. I've seen it in many forms. Some people gain confidence they never had before in everyday life, others get in the best shape of their lives and others achieve their dreams of competing as a professional athlete. Sergios school is based on 3 principles: Loyalty, Family, Respect.Like I said earlier, I have trained in every style of martial art in my journey and there is no doubt that Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is the single best art you and your family can do for self defense purposes in todays world. It is a very effective approach using technique, leverage and intelligence to defeat larger stronger opponents. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu also uses the gi which is a martial arts uniform that mimics clothes a person would wear in everyday life. You wear a top with a collar, you have pants and you have a belt. All of these translate to self defense in real life as your attacker would 99.9% of the time be wearing clothes (at least lets hope). Do yourself a favor and check it out now for a free week. Sergios gym offers adult classes, kids classes and now a new womens self defense class. Chances are I will see you guys there! SergioPenha.com
5	Loyalty, Family, Respect - these are the three things Sergio Penha is about. Don't step into this gym with an ego, you will be eaten by the lions. Don't train with a guy to kill him, you'll feel the wrath of the family. And don't come in without willing to learn, because you won't succeed. Sergio Penha is a father figure to many people, as well as a best friend and mentor. He's taught people how to be confident with themselves through his art of Jiu Jitsu. His style consists of blending Brazilian Jiu JItsu with Judo, and he will teach practical techniques with his professional MMA fighters. As a student you will learn everything there is to learn about grappling and combat sports, because you will train side-by-side world class fighters and grapplers. Sergio's gym isn't like the modern day gyms that are meant to be fashionable and preppy. Sergio Penha has constructed a gym built on truly helping people become better human beings through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. The people in the gym will constantly challenge you and try to beat you at your best, and I think this unique challenge is what makes a man be a man. Sergio is not afraid to say what needs to be said to make you become the best person you will possibly be. I highly recommend this gym to anyone and everyone. People that train here include university-level student and teachers, professional fighters, businessmen, and all their family members. Everyone at Sergio's coincide with each other in one rhythm and I think everyone can learn immensely when they immerse themselves into Sergio Penha's gym.
5	I've been training at Sergio Penha's for 3 weeks now and can't recommend Sergio and his school highly enough!Most of the other reviews have hit the major highlights so this will be brief. After checking out 5 other BJJ schools in Las Vegas I chose to train at Sergio Penha's over all the others I researched. For me, it was an easy decision.Sergio's positive attitude, friendly demeanor, his vast knowledge of BJJ and his passion for his students and teaching Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is unparalleled.
5	It's a family feeling when you are inside the gym.  Everyone helps each other.  Ego is left at the door.  Lot of techniques and transitions to learn.  It's great and fun to roll and learn.  Guys in the gym love bjj- executing techniques, experiencing the art itself through rolling/sparring, teaching less experience bjj practitioner.Sergio is a wealth of knowledge about this grappling art. Whatever gym you choose, make sure that you have tried Sergio Penha's bjj. Come and learn and see if you like it.
