1	Yes, this place is "really cool" - if you're a college student or on the lower end of the socio-economic scale. (Would Vision Quest last a day if they were in North Scottsdale? I think not. I'm just sayin'....) I think it's incredible tacky, not to mention unethical, for retail stores to do readings in full view of other customers. You're browsing the books, minding your own business, and you have to hear other people talking about their divorce and other personal stuff. Do I really need to hear that? Some of the customers evidently have no shame (and would probably YouTube their doctor's appointments, too, if they could), but some of the readers should know better. Long story short: If "New Age" for you is all about spending $$$ on expensive workshops and seminars and buying crystals and books and CD's, like that Cake song "How Do You Afford That Rock'n'Roll Lifestyle," but only "How Do Afford That New Age Lifestyle?," you'll love the place. If, on the other hand, you're mature enough to realize there's nothing "spiritual" or "new" about any of it, it will leave you feeling a little cold and short-changed. It's too bad this place is the measure against which other metaphysical retailers are judged.
4	Last night I went for the healing circle with rev jimmy.  it was amazing, staff was helpful.  I didn't have the sleep he said I would, but I definitely feel more at peace today.  I am thankful.Peace and Blessings.Ronney
1	What's the point, really?In the San Francisco area, there used to be a metaphysical shop called "The Psychic Eye".  There are still Psychic Eyes in the Las Vegas area.  When they still had stores in the Bay Area, I used to go there, referring to it as "the Costco of Occultism" because they carried so much incredible stuff.  When I first stopped by the Vision Quest building, my first impression from seeing the outside was, "It looks like Psychic Eye!"  With that, I went inside, and my attitude changed from hopeful and curious, to confused, disappointed, and actually rather miffed.Psychic Eye had EVERYTHING from bulk incenses and oils to books (the Crowley was in a locked cabinet) to magical blades to wall sconces(!) to jewelry and any kind of occulty paraphernalia you could or couldn't think of.When I walked into Vision Quest, I was greeted by. . .bookshelves.  Lots and lots of bookshelves.  On these shelves, there were lots of copies of the same book laid face out for one or more rows so as to give them the illusion of looking full.  Had they been placed spine out, most of the bookshelves would have been substantially less than half filled, and the books that they did carry were largely crap.  I literally wandered from bookshelf to bookshelf looking for something interesting at each one, and was amazed at how few books of real quality I could find.  There was a small area in the center of the store with some crystals, and there was a case near the register with a little jewelry and some other non-descript stuff.  A few shelves and displays were also dedicated to 8 1/2 by 11 colored sheets of paper describing the specialties of the psychics and mediums who work at the site.  They aren't really selling crap here in the store, so this must be their main source of income.This store is BIG, and really well-maintained.  They obviously put a LOT of money into the large Tarot card paintings that decorate the walls.  This place could be an occult powerhouse to rival Psychic Eye if they had the inventory to make it happen.  Instead, they have this huge, beautiful facility understocked with lousy books and a few crystals.  It was like using an ornate, sterling silver serving platter to serve a cold Quarter Pounder missing a bun.On top of that, the sales lady just stayed by the register the whole time counting money.  We must have been in that store for 40 minutes, and all the while she didn't make eye contact, didn't even look up at us, didn't greet us, ask us if we needed help, or talk to us at all.   In addition, she had one music track playing on repeat over the speakers the whole time we were in there.Vision Quest looks like it was really great at some time in the past.  Unfortunately, that time has come and gone.  From the terrible inventory to the non-existent customer service, few businesses say "get out" to their customers more than this.What is the point, really?
1	I went to Vision Quest bookstore today after reviewing their website. What a disappointing experience. I have never felt so unwelcomed in a store in my life. The employees are very rude and do not look at you. I had such high hopes for this store. The selection is great and they have many interesting classes but I refuse to patronize a business that is so negative toward their customers.
1	Holy crapoley Batman,this place is full o the bunk.This is the bright sparkly faerie dusty get a pic with your aura(yeah,,,really)tree hugging hippy kind of place wthout Grateful Dead stuff.All the wannabes,hipsters,and folks who are trying to be oh so exotic and esoteric can come here and get readings in full view of everyone.Really awkward to try looking at books while someone's marriage hangs in the balance or someone else was Cleopatra TOO in a past life.Was everyone who pays for a past life look see famous?Didn't anyone shovel shit back in the day?This place is so phony it's downright laughable.It's so phony even the staff doesn't have the nerve to even make eye contact.Or maybe they sense I'm a chi thief setting upon stealing their chakra life force of chi.Yeah,I'll take a bagel with cream chi please.Maybe I'm there to steal their souls.I know they can tell.I'm not one of the corn people.Vision Quest,just for the record,you suck.
1	I've been in a lot of shops and this one is one I wouldn't ever go back to. The one person offered a free service, ok, I sat down and was told of the love donation 3 times before leaving. So much for free! The book selection is, shall we say slim and of a point of view of the person doing the ordering ?? I walked that store twice looking to see if I missed something. Where were the cards the web site talked about ? There couldn't have been more than 20 ? No one wants to hear others readings. And who could be conferrable looking at an item within eat shot.  Good luck
2	capital T for Terrible.
5	I have been to the Vision Quest Metaphysical Bookstore dozens of times this past year alone.  I go to just 'be', look at the books, the pretty trinkets, and to the workshops that are being held there on a nightly calendar.  The people are friendly to me, the place is clean and comforting.  The people that it attracts are interesting, like you and I.  I have plans to continue going back again and again ~
1	This place has nothing that interests me, and bad 'vibes' to boot.  The only thing worth going here for was the amazing psychic, Barbara who got fired.  Who knows why.  I heard the owner is constantly firing psychics if they are not obedient enough.  the owner of this WAS the owner of the Psychic Eyes in CA, hence the similarities.
1	It's really a shame.  Vision Quest was *once* the best metaphysical store.  Those days are long gone. Now, it's not.  It's a tomb.  Quiet.  No business.I had signed up for a class three weeks in advance.  Paid for it too.  I was told that "supplies" were needed for the class, which I purchased.  I made arrangements with my job so I could be sure to attend.  On the night of the class, I arrived about 10 minutes before the class was to begin (630pm).  I was told that the woman who was going to hold the class is sometimes a few minutes late because she walks and to give her a few.  Ok.  Sure, I understand.  By 6:55 pm I'd been around the store a few times and was then told that she 'probably wasn't going to show up'.  Not very professional, Vision Quest.  I was told by the cashier that sometimes she doesn't know when she has a class, sometimes she forgets, sometimes she doesn't show up.  What?!?!The cashier was nice and refunded the money for the class, but what about the other items I've purchased?  I guess I can find a use for them somewhere else.  What about the time I wasted?  That's gone forever.  Come to think of it, so is my business.
5	Vision Quest is a great place to get a reading. The person that gave me a reading was amazing and right on. The selection of books is the best you will find anywhere in the city.jim
2	A little better overall.  I went here again at the request of my wife today, and I was curious if there was going to be any improvement in this place since my last, horrible visit.  I can definitely say that the customer service was FAR FAR better--someone actually asked me if I needed help!  That was good.  The place felt quite a bit more alive than the last time I was here.  A recent review of this place by another Yelper described it as "a tomb."  Last time I was here, yes.  This time, at least at the time I visited, no.But let's cut to the chase--the reason why you visit a bookstore is, well, BOOKS!  Customer service only goes so far if what you carry is no good (and this is true for many kinds of businesses.)  I have been to a number of metaphysical stores in my day both in California and Arizona, and this one still stinks in their book selection.  Sure, the fluff sells in bulk and you need to carry it.  But, you need MORE than that.  Either the owner or the book buyer or both need to visit Alpha Book Center, Fantasia, and Northern Winds in Phoenix to find out what kind of inventory a REAL METAPHYSICAL BOOKSTORE really has in stock.  This place has enough space to carry the full book inventory of all three of these stores combined--if it did, they'd get a LOT more business from Wiccans, New Agers, and Occultists of all different stripes who would go there to get the stuff they need.  Bulk herbs would be another nice addition--all they have are the same-old same-old incense sticks and oils.  Instead of aiming to be a provider to the metaphysical community in the Valley (and this is an ample community), they seem to be relying on their tarot card readers, psychics, authors, presenters, and aura photographers to bring in the bucks.  Good, but not good enough.A little better overall.  Come on Vision Quest!  You guys have the space and the potential--now DO SOMETHING with it!
1	Had I listened to other Yelpers I wouldn't have wasted my time.  The store is large, but the inventory sparse.  Books were facing outward one by one to give the illusion of a full shelf.  But even that couldn't hide the poor selection of titles; nothing of real interest.  If they had 40  books in there I'd be surprised.  And don't expect new books.  They looked old and many had worn covers.  If you're going here in hopes to meet with a "psychic", forget about it.  I watched them as I moved around the store.  All they did was talk to each other and ignore customers.  I say "customers" loosely; there were only 3 people in there.  At least they gave me a laugh.  Besides the joke of it being a metaphysical bookstore, when a woman about a crystal, the salesperson said it did "stuff".  That's it.  No further explanation.
5	Great store.. Great place for Meetup Groups..compelling and informative.
5	On a trip to Arizona I happened upon Vision Quest. I was completely blown away by my reading -- so incredibly accurate -- and remain grateful for the guidance. The staff is helpful. The selection of books is unique. I loved my aura photo! Don't pass it by or let the reviews jade you. This is a 'must-stop' if you are in the Phoenix area!
