4	Like a kid in a candy store...that's precisely the way I felt walking into Grandpa Joe's. It was like walking back in time when candy shops were in every mall, everywhere. I thought they were a dieing breed until this little gem popped up in the strip.Grandpa Joe's has all of your nostalgic favorites in addition to today's sweet treats. I'm a huge fan of the $5 mix 'n match box. My box consisted of Atomic Fire Balls, Zots, Frooties, Jolly Ranchers and Runts. I'm always a little hesitant to put loose, unwrapped candy in my mix because I'm afraid it may be stale but my runts were fresh - easy to bite through the candy shell as well as the tart pressed powder inside.There is a little area in the back with a television and some seating which I thought was a cute, welcoming touch. Willy Wonka (the OG) was playing when I visited with my mom, a favorite for us both. We probably would have stayed to watch it a little bit longer if we weren't meeting my sisters and that would have been totally fine with the employees who are laid back and friendlyGrandpa Joe's is officially one of my Strip Shopping Stops.
5	Last time we were in the Burgh my son loved this store. We also saw that they made custom terrible towels. When my, soon to be, wife and I decided to get married we new that we had to have them make us Wedding Towels. Customer service was awesome they are very prompt. Once we decided on the text they got us a draft within the day and we ordered, in 4 weeks they were on our doorstep. Great shop, love this place thank you for making our wedding a little more special.
5	This store is soooo awesome. Adults, you'll feel like a kid again. Lots of vintage candy styles. The decor is just so inviting and cute. Separate Willy Wonka section which I thought was totally clever, with all the Wonka candies. SUper good vintage style Creme Soda. This is just one of those places that make you happy when you are in its atmosphere.
5	This is a fun little candy store. You can find many vintage candies, which brought back fond memories of my childhood. They also sell delicious fudge, which we were able to sample first. The women working was very friendly, too
4	The store is very cute, and very much needed after the closing of Candy Rama.  Most of their stock is novelty candy (and lots of it), every day treats, and a small selection of vintage items.  They have an upper loft section of bulk "standard" candy (hard candies, licorice, gummy worms, etc.) and a Wonka cove under the loft which I am almost positive has a projection of Charlie & The Chocolate Factory playing at all times.This store is owned by the "Candy Buffet" people, so there is a large selection.  I justwish they had more nostalgic candy.  However, I may have been expecting more old candy and had my hopes up, especially after being spoiled by Candy Rama.  But overall, the store is well done and fitting in the Strip.
5	Not like I need to be more addicted to candy than I already am, but now I'm addicted to this store! How couldn't you be addicted with a store bursting at the seems full of sugary goodness. Not to mention they play Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory on a constant loop!It fits into the Strip so nicely, just pop in for a sugary treat while you're shopping or stop in after you dine! They have a ton of different varieties of your favorites, you can also help yourself to an individual baggie of treats or find something you've never heard of before!Feeling adventurous? Try the salt n' vinegar flavored crickets! Yep, you heard me right! I'm usually a straight up straw girl or sour patch kids or gummy worms, BUT I was introduced to astronaut ice cream and now I'm addicted to that too! And I hear a rumor they'll be carrying more flavors of it soon!So pop in to feed your sugar high!
4	Squirrel nut zipper candy! Enough said! Seriously, though, this candy store is great. I love that they sell black jack and teaberry gum. Lots of vintage and retro candy is found here that can be difficult to find anywhere else. A welcome addition to Pittsburgh's strip district.
4	It's a cute store for little kids and adults! They have amazing scenery and they also have a TV set up playing Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. The service is nice and I just love the atmosphere.
4	Pretty cool little candy shop in the strip district section of Pittsburgh. Grandpa Joes sells a lot of throw back candy's as well as some interesting glass bottle beverages. They also have an upstairs selling bulk candy for anyone who really wants to get as much sugar as humanly possible. Overall a cool blast to the past in a cool section of the city.
