5	I used Full Circle Auto Body after my daughter's car was in an accident. They were very knowledgable and helpful about insurance issues and got the car repaired quickly. They post progress of your vehicle with photos on their website which is so cool. I'll definitely use them again if the occassion arises.
5	I have used Full Circle Auto Body more than once for my beloved car (wasn't my fault, I swear!) and cannot tell you how often I have recommended them to others.  So often that I actually carry their cards in my purse to hand out.They have such a high level of attention to detail and provide so much assistance and efficient professionalism throughout the whole process that it is a pleasure working with them.  Okay, about as much of a "pleasure" as an experience like this could be...I don't trust my car's bodywork to anyone else!  I am extremely particular about this too.  I drive one of the last off the line RSX Type S Acuras.  LOVE my car!!!  I trust precious few with this car.When we had the hail storm last fall, my car was hit seemingly on every panel (no joke) and if you were to look at it now, you would never know that ANY work had been done.  This is how it should be.  They do it right the first time so you DON'T have to keep bringing it back for "tweaking" to make it right.They are very knowledgeable about all makes and models of vehicle and I know that my insurance carrier speaks very highly of them as well.The facility appears rather unassuming from the street, then again many of the best places do!  I definitely give this place my highest marks, they work wonders, I have seen it!
5	These folks are terrific!  My job was completed quickly and the quality was as good as new - perfect. Not that I hope to use them much but if needed I'd definitely use them again.  Very professional, text updates on my job, not to mention they were just fun to work with.  Nice honest people.
5	I have used Full Circle Auto Body many many times both in my business and personal repairs.Top notch shop! Tony and Lisa are 100% honest people to work with.If you live in central phoenix and looking for a great honest body shop I highly recommend them :-)A+
5	Full Circle Auto Body is really a great little shop.  So the brass tacks of it are that I have found Full Circle to always be competitive with anyone else I had quote auto body work, they are fast and do GREAT work.  Their color matching is fantastic, even on metal flake color schemes.  I have used them 4 times now and will continue to use them going forward, despite the fact that they are almost an hour away from us.  When you call, you will almost always get Lisa on the phone (she and her husband own the shop).  She is polite, professional but pretty no-nonsense.  One of the unique things about Full Circle is their willingness to provide an estimate based on pictures of the problem to be repaired.  I love this because they are almost an hour away from us, so to take the car up there for an estimate is completely impractical.  She'll give me her best estimate (itemized) over the phone, which is contingent upon them seeing the car and verifying that what they think needs to be done is the extent of the damage.  Most body shops won't do that anymore because of customers that get all ticked off when the estimate is low because there is underlying damage they missed in a picture.  This willingness to give her best estimate (which is usually very close BTW) and trust that its taken for what it is (an estimate) saves everyone (them and you) a great deal of time and effort, One last comment, they are in a pretty industrial part of town, but don't be put off by the location.  They have a secure facility for all vehicles they keep overnight and they are about as nice as could be.
5	I have previously taken my vehicles to Full Circle Auto Body for fun additions such as painted lights on both of my vehicles and have always been happy with the results. We had all of the lights on our vehicles painted to match with the rest of our car and the results were amazing, I get compliments all the time on the work and am always proud to tell them were I got it..I recently had my car brought to them to fix some dents, dings, and paint work from a minor accident and the results were outstanding. The paint they made themselves was a perfect match and everything looks brand new, they also did this is a timely manner without any issues.My husband had his door repainted a few years ago from a different company and paid a lot more to have his door fixed than mine and you can tell the paint is a different shade then the rest of the truck.We love this private business and will always recommend and support them!They also have the cutest pups to play with in the waiting room
