5	What an awesome find! Definitely going back here again the next time I'm in LV.
4	I have been a customer of Tinoco's since he first opened up on East Charleston, connected to a muffler shop (Lenadams Dorris recommended Tinoco's in Citylife in the late 90's, and it was an excellent recommendation).  Since then, I have eaten at his locations (all now closed) on Warm Springs and The Arts Factory.A few incontrovertable truths about dining at Tinoco's to date.  You will always get well prepared food.  The service will always be friendly (I think many staff are family and friends).  He will always have his signature dishes available, prepared well (Sea Bass with potatoes and spinach, Pasta with blackened shrimp, red pepper sauce and peas, and excellent house salad with bleu cheese and candied pecans, pesto rolls, etc...)  His restaurants continue to be a good value based on the quality of food served.The Las Vegas Club locations is very good, menu has been expanded a bit (although I am still not a fan of the 'pallete' tables brought over from the Arts Factory - odd shape, wobbly, depressions for condiments are distracting - but a minor detail).  My favorite location remains the now gone original on East Charleston - the notion of this undiscovered gem and such good, simple, well prepared food and good service being offered in this modest location made it special, as it exceeded all expectations.Tinoco and his team, in my assessment, are valued local restauranteurs who have tried many locations in serving the Southern Nevada community.  I applaud his efforts, quality consistency and value.
5	While in Vegas for a few days, was really craving a good salad and was tired of casnio and buffet food!  Also, tired of high priced meals as well.   I called a friend and asked her to Google "big salads in Vegas".  She came up with Tinoco's!  What a find!  The salad's were amazing and just what we needed.  They were so beautifully prepared, we had to take pictures of them!   From now on will go to Tinoco's while in Vegas.  Their dinner menu looked great too!  Service spectacular!  Also, they bake their own bread daily...Oh My...could have eaten bread only for lunch.  Baked w/spinach...yummy.
2	No, No, No.I was expecting far better. While the service was better than the meal, I must say all I was, was disappointed. Tinoco's has become similar to a diner, with better than the average diner's pasta.
4	Visited for breakfast this morning.  Not bad at all.  The waitress was very friendly and efficient.  The food was better than average.  A pleasant experience, and reasonably priced as well.
4	Update (2/21/11): Brought family to check out the lobster machine just outside the restaurant. For $2 you can try to position a claw to grab a lobster from a water-filled bin full of LIVE lobsters. GF's brother won a lobster! Tinoco's will cook the lobster for you to go with whatever dish you order. $2 lobster from lobster machine = AWESOME.We stopped by here around noon to have some brunch on a Saturday. The Las Vegas Club is like a maze inside, so it was a little difficult locating Tinoco's.We ordered cornbeef hash and eggs and Portuguese sausages and eggs. My cornbeef hash and eggs smelled kind of funky, but they were okay. The sausages were a bit burnt. Overall it was an okay meal at a reasonable price.
5	Wow!  was this a leap of faith to go here.  So using my handy smart phone and Yelp I began a search of Food Near Fremont street.  Having given up hope that is ever a decent affordable meal in LV I found Tinoco's and made the plunge.  I mean Really?  A lobster Claw machine for $2 and then they make it for you at no additional cost!  You have to be kidding me.  So it was about 10pmand we wandered over to give it a shot.The Casino Lobby is so scary you almsot don't want to even give the place a chance.  But I held my Girl close and we made our way to the back.  Once you get past the casino floor things get a little bit nicer.  And the entrance to the restaurant reminds me of a movie style Mob restaurant.  But with WAY nice people to greet you.  The front bar is quant and once inside the HUGE booths seemed to be upholstered in an ostrich type of material.  I fell in love right there.  Well, we were the only ones in the joint and quickly decided that the must be closing.  Liz our waitress came up and said there was no rush even though we felt we must.  She told us the specials and we went for the Steak and Shrimp Scampi on mashed potatoes with veggies.  took the Broccoli soup and got the crab cakes appetizer. Crab cakes were amazing,  very fresh and on a  bed of tasty salad like veggies.  the Red peper sauce was fantastic.The Broccoli soup was out of this world,  We could make a meal out of just that.The steak was not the best i had ever had,  but it was cooked perfectly and the shrimp were not over cooked as well,  thats a big plus!  The Sauce was delicious and so were the veggies.  The service was impeccable as well.  So for us it was no hard decision to return there for breakfast. If your in Old Vegas and looking for a great meal with fresh ingredients.  prepared any way you like by nice people who actually care about you and their food.  This is your place.  A new favorite for us.  I will be making a stop there every time I make it to Vegas!
3	We were downtown and stopped in here for breakfast. We were happy that our food had arrived so quick. Our server was nice but not over the top. I love the cool 60's lamps and art deco. I had steak and eggs with fruit. I was happy with my meal , for what it was. The steak was cooked to my liking and the eggs were eggs. I would have to come back and try another dish to write a more in depth review. It was cool that they had a lobster crane game and if you win a lobster they will cook it for you!
3	Very friendly service and above average food. Not a bad spot for downtown Fremont Street.
5	Thanks to yelp reviews, my now husband and I decided to have our wedding dinner at Tinoco's Kitchen. We planned our entire wedding in a week from L.A., and Tinoco's staff was AMAZINGLY HELPFUL! They gave us plenty of helpful suggestions, created a lovely menu for our party, and even decorated a cake we brought with us. Tinoco's Kitchen had a lovely room set up for our party, the music was on point for our event, and again the service was magnificent. Our dinner guests loved the food, the service, and the ambiance.
5	We were staying at the golden nugget and wanted to eat but not stand in the cafe line at the nugget! So used my yelp to find a breakfast spot!This place pops up, so we went down to las Vegas club casino! At first I was like we are not eating here!!!!!But after walking throughout the crappy little casino we got o a neat little walkway which made me feel like I was on the strip and there it was!Mmmmmm, smelt so good Like mommas in the kitchen making breakfast! Food came fast and hot! Food was good, cheap and we were soooo happy we got out of our casino!
5	Thanks, Yelp, for helping me find this place! Never would have stumbled upon this place in a million years. It's in the back of Las Vegas Club and you'd never know it was there. But the food was amazing and priced right. The service was friendly if a little slow. Blue cheese vinaigrette was delicious. I was craving a burger so I got a Blackjack with Blue cheese and it was exactly what a burger should be. Fries average. But they do pasta too and the lobster ravioli was amazing. Dollar for dollar, absolutely the best place we ate all weekend. Don't miss it if you're down on Fremont.
5	I've been to Tinoco's Kitchen 3 times, twice for brunch and once for dinner and everytime the food and the service were top notch.  Tinoco's is a local Vegas institution.  Enrique Tinoco has had restaurants around vegas for over 15 years and they've all had a cult following.  The menu is inventive, fresh, varied and more than fairly priced.  There's also a full bar and a great wine list.  For brunch I would recommend the Eggs Chesapeake, poached eggs over delicious house made crab cakes with a red bell pepper sauce.  It's inspired.  For dinner I tried the cream of asparagus soup, which had the texture of silk and amazing flavor.  I also had the David Love's It, risotto with jumbo scallops and shrimp in a lemon butter sauce.  It was perfectly cooked risotto and seafood in a beautifully balanced lemon butter sauce.  I love being able to rave about a great local place.  You should definitely check it out!
1	So, I am not sure if the little old lady waitress is still there, but she is pretty much responsible for the 1 star.  A group of us girls sought this place out because of the great yelp reviews.  We were thinking, steak, seafood, pasta, this place could please everyone.  So, our hopes were high.  When we sat down we waited quite a bit.  Finally an older lady came over to our table, we ordered wine and she cracked some jokes.  Okay, a little unpleasant but whatever.  Then we waited... and waited... about 20 minutes and our wine was nowhere to be seen.  What was worse was that we observed her yucking it up with all the other patrons in the place and deliberately avoiding our table.  Was it because we were a solid 20 years younger than any of the other patrons?  We were confused.  Finally, the hostess?!? stopped by our table to ask if everything was okay.  We said, no, we never got our wine.  She looked unsurprised and went and poured our wine.  5 minutes later (so we are talking about 30 minutes after sitting down) we had wine.  At that point the waitress really avoided us.  Another waiter brought our food. Then we were ready for the bill.  Oh yeah, the old lady came by once half way through the meal and asked if everything was okay.  What the hell?  We were confused and not the least bit amused.  I said, "we have been taken care of".  Then she is gone again.  When it was time to get the check the hostess came by.  We asked to split checks and she said okay, but she really had no idea what we ordered (remember she was the hostess, not our waitress!), so that led to about 2 mistakes before she got the checks right.  When the checks were finally right, guess who brought them to the table... the waitress.  Ah, so she found time to come to our table when it was time to pay.  Dare I mention that I stiffed this waitress her tip?  I have done that exactly twice in my life and the other time was when a waitress was obviously tripping on mushrooms and was about as space cadet as you can get.  On the way out, we handed some money to the hostess and asked her to please keep it and not share it with the waitress.  Oh yeah, the food.  Actually, my friend had the best Filet Mignon that I have had in a long time.  My scallops and shrimp were pretty good too.  The pasta was less impressive.  The food probably would have gotten 4 stars, so you can see how much this very incompetent waitress ruined the whole meal.
5	Fantastic, creative food and service to match. We ordered four very different entrees, and everyone was extremely pleased. My risotto topped with shrimp and scallops in a lemon sauce was better than I dared hope. Our fifth person wanted a chili cheese dog and fries from Tinoco's Express right outside. The waitress graciously brought it in decorated with a side of lettuce and tomatoes so it looked as beautiful as the upscale entrees. Unfortunately we were all too stuffed to partake of the dessert menu. Tinoco's is a hidden treasure.
2	Service was horrible! We walked up and the hostess just stared at us. So I said "Good Evening" to which she replied "want a table?" We then got sat at a table by the bar. So I started thinking about ordering a drink. Never got offered anything from the bar. Never even saw anyone go behind the bar. Maybe its for show. Dunno! Food was incredible! Lobster ravioli... YUM! Server seemed liked they could care less if we were there or not. Might give them a second chance because the food was so delicious!  Hopefully we get better service!
5	We went to Tinoco's after our Vegas wedding for a small reception on a Sunday night. We made reservations a few months ahead of time since we had 20 people. They had a private room set up for us and the staff was extremely friendly and attentive. The restaurant has a great atmosphere with awesome original art on all the walls. We ordered off the menu, the prices were reasonable and the food was fantastic! There was nothing but praises from all of our guests. We even brought a small wedding cake and the staff cut and served it for us at no extra charge. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a great place to have a small private-party, reception or just a great meal! Thanks Tinoco's for a wonderful reception!!!
4	I have been a fan of Tinoco's since they were in the Art's District.  I have to say I prefer that location because it had a more intimate feel to it and ease of access versus the hotel setting.  That being said what hasn't changed is the magnificent food and service.  I usually get the penne al vodka but decided to go with one of the specials of the day and it didn't disappoint.   That along with fresh bread and validation of the $5 parking and it was a perfect meal.
5	When we got to the hotel, it was kind of scary. There weren't many cars in the garage and the hotel looked abandoned. Came here for our anniversary to have dinner and was hesitant because the majority of people who came here complain about the service, but when we went, the service was great! There was one lady working and she was super nice and made us a dipping sauce for the complimentary bread and when our food came out she also made us a hot sauce that she usually makes for the chef for his lunch. Lol. We got the crab stuffed shrimp and the lobster ravioli. This place has honestly been by far the best place i've eaten in Las Vegas. The portions seem pretty small when your plate comes out, but to our surprise, it is so filling! We barely finished our food. You have to come try this place, it's amazing!Oh and there's a lobster claw machine outside of the restaurant. The boyfriend was so set on winning one, he wasted $20 trying. With that $20 he could've just ordered a lobster. Game is addicting because sometimes you get so close to winning one, but make sure you don't play too much. Waste of money!
4	OK, let me preface my review with this:  I was there on New Year's Eve for dinner at 8pm and had been pregaming before the meal, if you know what I mean.  I got the Tinoco's Triloggia.  Which is Filet Mignon, Chicken, & Veal over rice and mushrooms.  It was excellent!  Everything was tender and the rice and mushrooms were a perfect combination.  Service was good and the night started to get crazy after that!
2	My boyfriend and I were walking down Fremont street and we kept seeing "specials" for Tinoco's kitchen.  We finally decided to go there because we both wanted steak and shrimp.  We get there and got the menu and the waitress never even mentioned any specials until we had to ask about them.  We got our steak and it taste like the cheapest cut of New York strip.  Horrible.  I ordered mine medium rare and it was almost too hard to chew.  My boyfriend had the same problem. The only reason why I am giving it 2 stars is because the service was good....up until the end when we had to remind them about 3 times to give us our check.  We will not be going back.
5	What do you do when you are with a bachelorette party on Fremont Street and the Bride is feeling crabby because she is starving? Walk into a gross casino and hope for the best... I think this place is actually a Twilight Zone. Our waiter was he Chef/ Owner... our food was THE best we had all weekend- and we stayed at an amazing hotel on the Strip. Some of the girls ordered off menu and the Chef was right on it! I would go back any time!! Our table tried: ravs (excellent), couple of pasta dishes that rocked, the burger WAS awesome, and the chicken tenders (off menu) were delish!
4	Came tot his place because of the name "Tinoco", which isn't a popular last name, yet it belongs to my boyfriend and his family. Went here for his parents' anniversary dinner when we happened to be in Vegas at the same time for a conference.Parking is in the lot down Fremont Street. It is charged by the hour and I think it cost us $5 total, which includes walking down the Fremont strip, eating, and walking back and looking at everything.Service was friendly. Small place to eat... hidden away inside a hotel. Food slightly overpriced, but oh well. I love my lobster raviloli, which came with grilled shrimp on the side. The corn chowder and shrimp pasta in garlic sauce was good too. The owner's wife (I'm assuming) came over to ask us how we were doing and we ended up talking to her. When she found out we were celebrating an anniversary, she gave us free slices of cheesecake, which was only okay due to the caramel swirl. Overall, good service, good food. I don't know how the bill came out since I didn't pay, but I'm assuming it was about $20 per person.
3	This review is for the Tinoco's Express right outside the restaurant, a little grab and go located right outside of it. I thought the food would be a little worse than I thought, but it turned out alright.Nachos - They have the supermarket bagged nachos, similar to the tostitos, with a nacho cheese on top, and jalapeno's. It was good but nothing you couldn't make at home, it was a little bit overpriced at 3.75.Mexican plate special - This is a trip. You get an enchilada, soft taco, beans and rice for 4.50. It's a trip because I was watching her make this. The enchilada was pulled out of the cooler and popped in the microwave. While she was preparing the taco, after the enchilada was finished, she popped the taco into the microwave. Then she scooped rice and beans from a steam table. I had my doubts about this one but once I tasted it, it was ok. The food seemed fresh and perfectly seasoned. The rice was a bit overcooked for me, but it wasn't bad. I think for the price you'd be better off across the street at Dupar's or if you can drive, go over to Tacos el Gordo. But it was better than I thought it would be. But it was just ok.
5	My husband and I go almost every weekend for their hamburgers. The waitresses are so friendly and the hamburgers are the best we've found.  I've never had anything there that I didn't like and the prices are very reasonable.
5	We had our wedding reception here on April 28th and it was fantastic!  The food was great, working with the people at Tinoco's Kitchen was very easy, and the reception we had there was very nice.  We had a rather large wedding party of 30 people, but they arranged the restaurant itself in such a way that we basically had it all to ourselves.  The servers were very attentive and the menu they devised was not only good, but provided everyone with a nice selection of food.   And the tiramisu was delicious!
5	Best place to eat on Fremont!!! We go to Vegas every March and I swear all we end up eating is Tinocos.. we try and venture off to other places, but every time we come back to this perfect little backroom restaurant. Food is AWESOME. I dont even like cheeseburgers and I order one for lunch every day during my stay! Their pasta is also amazing.. The staff is awesome, always sweet and very accommodating. Prices are perfect.. last time we were there, there was a big group of completely wasted guys in the round corner booth.. stacking beer cans and having a good time.. they didnt say a word.. awesome place. Thank you Tinoco's for being sure to add 5 pounds to my Vegas trip every year ;)
3	Came here always every morning while i was staying at the Golden NuggetFriendly service, cheap, lot's of food and tasty. Can't ask for more really.
1	terrible experience - food, service, everything.
2	If you couldn't get off Fremont street, this place would be fine.  But in a city like Las Vegas, this place is just not even close to being good enough.  The lighting in the restaurant is dim, the decor is pretty bad, and the food was just bearable.  I got the 3 seafood over risotto dish, but it wasn't really risotto
