4	Fresh ingredients and gi-gan-tic portions really make this pizza place rock! Try the foot-long calzone, or the antipasto salad that easily serves two. Floridino's is almost always busy (which is generally a good sign) and the tables are rather close together, so perhaps take-out is a better choice.
3	The name is no longer Floridino's and don't confuse this place, now called Floridema's with the better restaurant in Chandler. Prices are too high for the quality of the food and service is mediocre at best. They should change the sign on the front of the building. This is not Floridino's!
4	The name of this restaurant makes it hard to search for on yelp and on the internet in general.  I'm glad I live across the street and can just walk, but I bet it hasn't helped business that people can't find them in the damn phone book.Apparently Dema's owns Floridino's, but it seems like they are having an identity crisis and can't decide which name to officially use for this little venture.  On some material, they are Floridino's, and on others, they are Floridema's, and yet on other material, just Dema's.  It's gotta be confusing for a new customer.However, it's a cute little restaurant inside an otherwise heinous strip mall in boring old Gilbert.  The food really is pretty great, and I have high standards for Italian food.  My personal favorite is the baked spaghetti, which is rich, cheesy, and epic beyond imagination.  I like to order it to go on a weekend when I'm feeling under the weather (interpret that as you will) and it usually improves my outlook on life.Everything always tastes fresh, and even when I order to go, I always am given a huge container of warm delicious bread.  It's a nice concession. My notable complaint is that the female staffmember who usually fields the phone calls and works the weekend shift is grouchy and doesn't seem too stoked to be there.  It makes me wonder what kind of service they give to the sit-down customers, and I'm a little skeptical to become one.
3	So I took the plunge and became a sit-down customer, and guess who was my server? Little Miss Sunshine herself, of my previous review, and she's just a doll.  Seriously, girl is less than pleasant.  As usual, the food is delicious and bursting at the seams with calories. My baked cheese heart attack food was super-good, but my waitress was annoyed that I asked her for a suggestion on a wine pairing.  In retrospect, I should have known better than to ask.I have to deduct stars for the service, which sucks, because really, this place is so much cuter than its strip-mall exterior would indicate. It has an adorable patio, and a faux-bistro feel inside.. but manages to avoid being tacky.  I want to love it, and make it my spot, because it's close to home... but I'm too afraid she's going to serve me every weekend!
1	Came here for a quick bite to eat while my car was being worked on up the street.... Not one person acknowledged me. Sat at the bar for 10 mins before I had to ASK for a drink/menu.... There were 4 tables in the place. Not busy by any means. The old lady working wasIncredibly rude to say the least. Margret was very nice, she could tell I was getting heated from sitting there and not being helped. I work in the industry therefore I'm a phenomenal tipper. All I wanted was a beer and a salad.... Going to gecko.I visit the one in Chandler often, the food is delish and the staff is very attentive. I recommend going to that one. Don't waste ur money here.
5	My family loves to go to Floridinos. It's a great place when we all get together (about 18 of us) or when we have family come in from out of town. They can always get us seated in a reasonable time and are quick with the service. It's a very low-key, no-frills type place. We usually just get a few pizzas and share. The white pizza with chicken is my favorite! I love garlic and the white sauce has a nice roasted garlic taste to it. The regular red sauce pizza is great too. If we are over on this side of town for lunch we like to come and get their lunch special which is a personal sized pizza, salad, and I think it comes with a soda? Not sure on the soda part. Either way the food is always piping hot, the salads are crisp, and the staff is always friendly. There've been times when I knew we were being loud or a bit obnoxious but they've always been helpful and kind. Great service, great food, great prices.
3	Ok...so we all know (or at least I do...) that the Floridino's on Alma School is really really good. Not only is it good, but it's cheap! The BF and I decided to try the new location and to our surprise it is not really the same restaurant. I think it has different owners (?), the menu is different, the prices are higher, the food is not as good, and the service is lacking to say the least. I was SO disappointed. The restaurant itself is a lot colder feeling than the original, with weird lighting and is strangely quiet (the place wasn't empty, but it didn't have that bustling with business feel or sounds like the original has). Our waitress did not smile and seemed genuinely angry when we needed a minute to decide on food and when we told her we were sharing. Not real cool. We shared a salad, breadsticks, and a calzone. The salad was fine (but the dressing tasted slightly off from the other restaurant), the breadsticks are totally different....like thicker and hard.... the calzone was bigger, but the dough used was not as tasty as the dough at the original location. I still gave the place 3 stars because the food was decent, but, needless to say, I would never choose this location over the original. PS: The BF asked me if it was fair to compare this location to the original (because, honestly, if there was not an original and better version I probably would have given this place a 4) BUT I do think it's fair because even if it is different owners, they are using the same name and so, in my opinion, they should have consistency in their menu, prices, and service..... Just sayin.....
1	LAME, I came for an internet special and even after showing it to my server did not honor it due to the fact that no manger was available. BAD REVIEWS ARE A BITCH!
1	I was starving and I'd never been there before, so I thought I'd try it out. I ordered the Greek salad with chicken and my mom ordered the Steak sandwich. We waited about 15 minutes for the food and when it came, it looked.... Unappetizing. But wait... The taste was....even worse. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing, I don't know. I've never had such awful food before. The chicken in my salad was obviously microwaved breaded leftover chicken. My mom said her sandwich was like a overly salted frozen steak-um sand which. It was worse than bad fast food. I told the waitress, who was the only redeeming quality in this place, and she said she could take it off our check or bring something else. She was really nice, but by then my appetite was lost and I was scared to try anything else. She told the owner, who came to the table, and I explained that the food was awful. He said there must be something wrong with me, because he's been in business for 9 years. Yes, there must be something wrong with me because I like quality food. I really don't know they stay in business when the owner is so rude and their food sucks....The only good thing about this place was the wait help (I forgot her name, the young lady with dark hair) and their kid's menu chicken Parmesan was decent.SIDENOTE:  After leaving this review mistakenly under the Floridino's in Chandler, the owner of the Floridino's in Chandler left me a message informing me that they ARE NOT the same. The Floridino's in Gilbert has a different owner/management and they refuse to change their name.  Sorry about that Floridino's in Chandler. I wouldn't want to be affiliated with them either...
2	This location does not even compare to the Chandler location.
1	We had a Floridino's by our house that closed so we started going to this location (it's owned by a different person than the one on Alma School and the one that closed).  It used to be really good, but the service has gone down so much.  If I could give zero stars then I would...it was that bad.  Took a long time for our order to be taken, waited and waited for food...about 45 minutes later we were given our bill before our food arrived, then our appetizer and salad came after we finally got (and finished) our pizza.  When I asked for a manager the waitress got an attitude and refused to get him, so I walked up to the bar where he was to tell him of our situation.  He said that they were busy (um...four tables is NOT busy) and that he didn't really care.  I told him we would no longer come to his place after being regular customers for years.  He said, "Oh well, I'll still be here anyway."  Food is great, so we will only be going to the original location from now on.
1	The Floridino's on Alma School is not connected to this restaurant in any way.  The owners of Floridino's in Chandler opened this location back in 2000, but they sold it over ten years ago, and it has sold a few times since then.  The food and menu are different, and the current owners have NEVER trained as a franchise or paid for a franchise, and unfortunately the Chandler Floridino's ends up looking like they are the same company, because the owner in Gilbert is using the name due to a technical loop hole in the paperwork, but it is not only shady business practice to do this, it also hurts the reputation of the owners of the Chandler location who have worked for over 15 years to build their business to the success it is.
4	We have been here 3 times now and it has always been a good experience. The pizza biscuits are a great starter and the service has always been great for us.
2	Not even close to the Original Floridinos (the one on Alma school and chandler).   To be honest, the only reason we go to this place out is to tease our taste buds, and save some gas being in Gilbert and all.  Food and meh at best, and a little pricey.  We just need more itailian restaurent in Gilbert,
5	So...since I first ate fresh brick oven mushroom and onion pizza with my Daddy in a little dive on Peachtree St. in Atlanta in 1972, I have had this thing for pizza.  (Yes, I had eaten it also at the only Italian restaurant in our area - Gargano's - it was good, but not like that one!!!) I love it.  No other way to put it.  So, when we find a place we like, we don't want to change.  Well...we had our favorite NY style pizza in the town we left in Cali last year - Rocky's - and had no hopes of finding a place with the same home-town, delicious vibe.  BUT, we did!!  At FloriDino's in Gilbert.  We come back here at least once a month, and I even tried lunch  - good deal, too.  I'll just break it down quickly:1. The prices are quite reasonable, especially considering....(keep reading...)2. The portions are incredible.  We share...everything!3.  Pizza Muffins were invented by a genius and man, oh, man - they are good fresh,       leftover, 5 days old...whenever.4.  The bread sticks/cheese sticks are quite yummy.5.  The calzones are ginormous and delicious beyond the imagination - especially      the White Calzones.  Oh heavens!!6.  The pizzas are excellent - any way you like them.7.  They make a decent Caesar - big enough to share.8.  Tiramisu was huge and delicious and the cheesecake was good, too.9.  The service is great, the staff is friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere      congenial.10.  Family style seating, bar seating, cozy booths and table seating.11.  ENJOY!!!
5	We went in for lunch today and expected to to grab a quick bite to eat and ended up staying for 2 hours. The owner, Dema, was a gracious host. Made great recommendations for food, but besides that he made us feel at home. We will definitely be back. Thank you Dema for an awesome day :).
2	For some strange reason I was craving fettuccine alfredo so instead of going all the way to Olive Garden or trying alfredo from some random place like California Pizza Kitchen, we decided to try take-out from FloriDino's. We'd ordered pizza muffins from here before because we live in the area and didn't want to drive all the way to the Chandler Floridino's for them. (The pizza muffins are not as good at this Gilbert location, by the way)Well, we were less than impressed. My boyfriend got the baked spaghetti with meat sauce and I got fettuccine alfredo with chicken. I tried the BF's baked spaghetti and it was just okay. My fettucine alfredo was totally BLEH. The noodles were overcooked, the sauce had no flavor and the chicken was grey! Chicken isn't supposed to be grey, right? I had to add a couple shakes of my own parmesan cheese, salt, pepper and garlic powder to even give it a taste! Needless to say, I did not eat the chicken so I can't really comment on it's flavor. I don't plan on coming back here and will be driving to the Chandler Floridino's for my future pizza muffin needs.
3	Love the atmosphere here and the waitress was super nice and friendly. The cheese garlic bread sticks were very good. The downside....the pizza. It was soggy and greasy. Normally that doesnt really bother me however that plus the weird tasting sauce just made it sub par.
1	I went into eat dinner with my girlfriend I ordered my food with no tomatoes because I am extremely allergic.  And I made the aware of my allergies.  When I got my food it was covered with tomato sauce.  I sent it back by the time my girlfriend finished her food I still did not receive my food after waiting 30 minutes my food still was not ready so I tried to just pay for the food that had already been eaten and be on my way. That was not the case however. After asking to pay I was yelled at very loud by the owner. Who was mad I arrived at 8 when the store closes at 9. Then after screaming at me he charged me for my girlfriends food and the food I had not eaten.  Needless to say I wont be returning
2	Took the kid to spend some quality time and avoid dishes.  He loves pizza so I figured we would try this place.  Walk in around 5:30pm and its empty on a Saturday night (not a great sign). The host invites us to alert our own table. There was a bartender chatting with patrons. The host brought us our menu and drinks then two more people came in.  She got them drinks and a menu. 1 person came in for his order out pizza and she helped him with that.  A second person walked in for their order out pizza.  She then came to us and got our order. I got chicken noodle soup and the kid got a kids pizza. I also ordered the pizza rolls because a friend told me once they were very good.  I helped Gio with his pizza and find that the crust was hard to cut. It was a gummy texture.  I felt bad for him, but luckily he's just a kid and doesn't realize his pizza was no good. Soup was good.  They brought this big circle loaf thing of bread. Didn't touch it. Seems like a waste. The rolls were good, they had ham slices in there. I took them to my mom to enjoy. Won't be back. Not worth it.
