4	Superior Service!  The ingredients are always fresh.  I had to write a review because the service is always amazing.  I know this is totally quarky, but I am so appreciative that they keep things sanitary.  They are always cleaning up the station, measuring the food temperature, AND when asked for the bathroom key they will finish making your sandwiche before handing the key to someone!
1	This is not really a review of Subway, as Subway in itself is disgusting. Why anyone thinks over-processed luncheon meat is good is beyond me. Actually Subway found a way to make things even worse. They used to sell fresh avocado on the sandwich. Now, they use a disgusting, bland green glop that resembles guacamole but tastes worse than Elmer's Glue. Have you ever noticed the odd smell that accompanies a Subway?Anyway, this review is specifically about this location. To the short, fat ugly employee that works here around noon - lose the attitude. It makes the experience even worse than it is. It is not mine, or anyone else's fault that you look like you do, and the universe has set your employment at a Subway in the heart of ASU. Its not our fault that your days are spent serving some of the hottest girls on the planet while they ignore your questions and continue to text on their iphones. They are busy, planning their photo shoots for Playboy and their weekends in Vegas.Unfortunately this is where you are at this point in your life, so get over it. Serve the incredibly hot Delta Gamma's and chubby Delta Theta's. Don't put so much mayo on my 6" roast beef and move on. We can make this whole experience so much better without the attitude.
4	Yeah, I'm actually writing a review for a Subway.  I live a couple of blocks away and go here pretty often.  It's just a Subway, so you know that the food isn't going to be amazing.  At least it's a fast food place where you can eat something that won't kill you.Anyways, there is this guy named Scott, who is probably about 40 that works at this Subway.  Scott is the most enthusiastic fast food employee I have ever come across in my life.  Not only is he friendly, he knows everything about Subway without coming off as a know it all.  He just apparently REALLY likes working at Subway, and I think that there's something beautiful about that in an odd way.  Most of the other employees are pretty good as well, which is a rarity in fast food.   Many a friend of mine claim that the key to a quality Subway experience is the sandwich artists, and they do it by the book here.  By the way, Benjamin W. sounds like a total douchebag.  I'm all for making fun of ugly, unpleasant people, but he sounds like he belongs in Old Town Scottsdale, failing to impress women that wouldn't give him the time of day.
3	I have never been to a Subway where they have been out of so many things. When I went in they were out of chicken, Italian herbs and cheese bread, and dollar bills. It was the middle of the day on a Saturday so this was inexcusable for me. The service was also incredibly slow. It took me nearly 15 minutes to get my sandwich. It was a painful experience, that's for sure. The only thing that saves this place is its location. Besides that, their service definitely needs some work.
2	They were rude and I did NOT appreciate it. I'm now going out of my way to another Subway to avoid that kind of customer service. Step it up!!The only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one is because they were quick and got my order the way I wanted it.
5	I'm not a big fan of it. But my boyfriend love it. Healthy is all I can say. I will give 5 stars.
3	Ordered a tuna salad. The gentlemen  behind the counter was very helpful. That is up until a gal came in who walked straight up to the register and ordered coffee. I'll get back to this story in a minute. Back to the salad...He placed all the ingredients I asked for in a bowl and began to cut/smoosh them with a blade tool. - I prefer the "old" way of preparing salads where this step wasn't  included. I then paid $9.26 total for the salad and a fountain drink! :-o. I. Could've paid this for a better quality salad elsewhere!  The salad is "okay." Back to the gal who cut in front of me..The subway attendant disregarded the fact that she cut ahead of me, failed to tell her he'd serve her after he was done with my transaction...& served her the coffee and checked her out before me! Not professional service in the least! I did not desire to create a spectacle as there were others now in line and thus I didn't say anything but this was rude of her and unprofessional of him.
1	Consistently the worst subway sandwich. I don't know where they get there training from because it is nothing like any other subway I have ever been to. They just straight suck at making sandwiches, can't cut the bread worth shit, just toss everything in so it all falls out when you try to eat it. I hate going there but it is close so i do once in a while but it is always a shity sandwich. Go to the one on ASU campus downstairs in the MU, they have there shit together.
1	Watching these asshats make a sandwich is like watching the 3 stooges install a chandelier.
2	I kinda feel bad for the guys that were working today in such a confined space. It was 3 dudes, in small space, during lunch hour, doing their best, and it didn't show. I believe no matter where you go, Subway will be Subway. Having said that, it felt like leaving your job to go have lunch at another job. I really don't have much more to say, but what makes this Subway great is it's location.
2	Terrible employees. They mumble inaudibly when speaking, don't listen to your order and are all around unfriendly. I have never felt to uncomfortable while ordering food.
