1	Scheduled me and my two kids.  Appt at 9 am.  Didn't see the first of us until 10am.  Didn't let me escort my daughter (teen) but did let me escort my son (at about 10:30am).  They were disorganized and behind schedule.  My daughter said the doctor/dentist wasn't personable-- didn't explain things to her.  She said the hygienist was nice though.  Same dentist seemed like he wanted to get my son in for more xrays, son might be missing an adult tooth underneath baby molar.   But then the assistant took us back after he left and did full pano xray.  He was not missing that tooth.  Weird that the dentist wasn't willing to do it right then-- wanted us to make another appt.  They did fluoride treatment on my daughter without asking me, which was $17.  Which I paid, but they should have asked first, I would have said yes-- principle though.  I never got seen, they ran out of time for me, because we had to leave by noon.  Took 2.5 hours to see 2 out of 3 of us.  Weren't very friendly.  And to boot, I found out they use Dr Jeffrey Kootman for their surgeon on Thursdays-- he did extracted my wisdom teeth years ago and I would NEVER let him touch my kids or myself EVER again.  Very disappointed.  Don't get Total Dental insurance-- hard to find a good dentist and this is an example of what you get!
1	Very incompetent. Would not recommend to any friend or family member.
1	Worst dental experience of my life, after going in to have a crown recemented & having absolutely no pain at the time they proceeded with what they do try to upsell you like a used car salesman & provide amateur work at premium prices.  Of course my old crown was no good so they had to make a new one (only way for them to make more money).  When they put on their crown it bothered me immediately but was told it just takes time to settle.  After a couple of adjustments it was marginally better but still bothered me.  As time went on it continually got worse to the point I could not eat or sleep my whole jaw from ear to chin was killing me. Another 2 visits to have faulty crown removed & a root canal & of course more charges. After the root canal they left a piece of bone imbedded in my gum for a couple of weeks but of course not their fault said bone came through my gum BS!! more of their shoddy work. Tired of having this annoying abrasion on my gum I took my finger & flicked it off, popped right off no bleeding or rawness under it so was definitely caused by their negligence.  Now I go back to get the crown redone another couple of visits crown replaced & in less than 6 months the crown pops off. Another visit to have crown recemented did not even last 5 hours before the crown actually broke now its missing a piece & will need to be replaced again.  Every time I have gone in there its another different rookie dentist so far I have seen 6 dentists at the office.  After 9 visits much money & wasted time I am worse off than when I started & have no confidence the the abilities of the dentists used at Gentle Dental.  So far after all I've been through no one at the office has shown any compassion for my situation or do they seem to care at all about customer satisfaction.  Do yourself a favor & steer clear of this place!
1	by far the worst experience ever -this is a place that takes dentists who could'nt make it anywhere else and this corporation hires them!!  they do not care about the client and they do not know how to determine what the problem is -the mis diagnosed me told me i needed a root canal and on getting a 2nd opinion it was just a cavity -they pulled a tooth that couldve been saved.-the dr that did the pulling was the rudest dentist i have ever come in contact with no chair side manner at all and stuck a needle in the roof of my mouth with no numbing solution -that was dr. cootman   real ass...they also had to re do filling 2 x's which is bad for your teeth and had to get them done correctly with another dentist who didnt charge 1/2 as much or he felt my pain! i wish i had done my research before entering their gates of hell.....unfortunately my daughter is stuck with them doing her braces and it is also a nightmare-the pediatric dentist she is a joke!!!!  its been way longer than it should be just so they can collect money!!! do not go here!!!!
1	This place was not clean, unorganized and unprofessional. The surgeon didn't even wash his hands before looking in my mouth and he still had ink in his hands which means he didn't wash them before coming I to the room! He even was looking at the wrong X-ray for my mouth because I didn't even get X-rays in that office. The staff was unprofessional and did not have good communication with each other. I went there because my previous surgeon was not covered by my insurance for the procedure I needed otherwise I would have stayed with him!!! I WOULD NOT recommend this place to anyone unless they are absolutely desperate.
1	I wish I could give negative stars. I went their twice, once for a consultation and the second time for my surgery, and they were rude to me from the second I walked up to the counter. Whoever makes the appointments sent me to the wrong place, telling me that my appointment was for my old location. I had my consultation to have my wisdom teeth removed, while they were talking to me, they were condescending, talking to me like I was a 5 year old. Three weeks later we were contacted to schedule my surgery, I went and waited for 3 hours for them to pull me back into the office saying they were out of anesthetics. When we asked if they would contact my insurance or schedule a new appointment we were told to do it because "that is not MY problem" by the women in the office. We later found out that they never did contact my insurance, so that would have been a $900 bill for me.
