1	I had them come out to repair a couple of plumbing issues I was having that was not related to drains. I had very low water pressure coming out of the shower in the master bath, and a leak from underneath the toliet. They came out and gave me an estimate of 234$ to fix the shower, and 202$ to fix the toliet. I agreed to the toliet, after he had said it was probably the cartridge going bad.(I had replaced those myself although a pain, not worth the $230+ to do it)While he was tearing the toliet apart, he found out his wax ring was defective. Luckily I had one myself as I was going to do it, but opted against it. So he used my part instead.After the toliet was fixed, he said he spoke with his boss, and would give me a 'special deal' on getting the shower fixed, for 150$ instead. So reluctantly I agreed. He was having some problems getting it out and needed to use some of my tools. Together we got the part off, and I left him to his business. He later came back with the bill for over 400$. When I inquried to what happened and that it was much higher than we agreed upon, he said the parts were more expensive than he thought. (Isnt that what a quote is for when your onsite?!?!) I felt like I got took advantage of because now he did the work, things are fixed and working the way it should, and now Im stuck. So I wrote a check and off he went.I have never used rotorooter for non-drain type work before. I think you would be better off using them for this kind of process rather than other plumbing repair type of work. I wont be using them again.
1	Terrible prices. Terrible customer service. Almost $400 for a standard main drain snake. Almost $200 for any other drains.All of my sinks, showers and toilets were backed up. I had them snake the main drain. Solved my problem. Less than two weeks later my two bathroom sinks are backing up again. I call them, they show up over 2 hours late and tell me it will be another $200 because its a separate drain. Why didn't they tell me this may be an issue the first time they were supposed to fix ALL of the drains. Called customer service and manager was supposed to call me an never did, so I called back the next day. Did not hear back until a day after that (my sinks are sitting there clogged the whole time and I can't use them) Finally I get a call from GREG. He tried to talk over me, was rude and gave me the run around to try and shut me up. I told him I am a new homeowner and have lived in my house for just over a year and they just lost a customer for life. He did not seem to care or want to address the problem.Go with a small plumbing company they will charge you 1/4 of the price. Also, instead of nasty Drain-O, go natural and pour dry banking soda down the problem sink, then vinegar and cover the hole, it will force the mixture down the pipe. 20-30 min after that pour a gallon of boiling water down the sink. Repeat this several times on big problem drains. Works like a freaking charm. Didn't believe it until I did it.
2	Roto Rooter sent a young plumber named Cameron to do some repairs and he acted like he was uninterested in doing the job he was hired to do.  He said he couldn't find the faucets or drain pipes that would fit our sinks.  Well if he did a little research he would find that even Home Depot would probably have what was needed.  On top of that, the estimate to repair and replace what we needed was outrageous.  No thanks!  For what he wanted to charge for a job that he didn't even know if he could get the parts for, I ended up telling Cameron to leave and hired somebody cheaper.  Roto Rooter overcharges and sends out people that don't seem to have a clue.
5	This is my 3rd time since October that I've needed a plumber. We just moved into an older home that had sat vacant for a while. Each time Roto Rooter has come out they have been amazing! The first two times were at night, on the weekend, and an emergency. And each time they came right out and fixed us fast. I even shopped around to see if anyone would be cheaper, but found that at night most 1. Won't call you back 2. Won't come out at night 3. Will charge you almost double. They have always been super friendly and offer advise to keep our pipes clean.  And each time they come out a few days later I get a thank you card from them. I will always call them and recommend them HIGHLY.
