4	So I was pretty bummed when Sportman's closed, I really enjoyed that place. I was curious to try its replacement The Tavern to see if it lived up to its predecessor. It's definitely a different concept than Sportman's, it's no longer a Wine Bar and is more of restaurant. The menu offered lots of options from charcuterie boards to lobster rolls. My husband and I weren't too hungry, so we chose the heirloom tomato salad and lamb burger to share, and I had the Shandy for my beverage. They split both orders for us which was nice. The salad had a fantastic pesto dressing and included perfectly ripe tomatoes and creamy goat cheese, it was very good. The lamb burger was fantastic too, it was cooked a perfect medium rare and was quite juicy and bursting with flavor as it was topped with feta and arugula. My Shandy was also good, it included wheat beer with lemon and basil infused syrup. Our server explained that their cocktails are different in that they don't use any liquor, just beer, wine or sake. Our meal at the Tavern was quite good and service was very welcoming and on point. My only complaint is that it's a little overpriced, the burger was $19 and the salad was $15. I guess that's to be expected in the Biltmore area, but it will deter me from coming here as often as I would like. That being said I would recommend trying out the Tavern.
5	As regulars of Tarbell's, we had high expectations for the Tavern. And it totally delivered! Braden was our server, and was was fun and knowledgeable about the menu. One of the staff saw that we had be sitting for a moment or two waiting to order, and he brought us a plate of Truffle Bikinis which were delicious little grilled cheese mini-sandwiches. I ordered the cheeseburger with house-made potato chips - best burger that I have ever had! For dessert, I had the coconut creme pie and a glass of champagne - which was also delicious. So, it was pretty easy to give the Tavern 5 stars. Once again, Mark Tarbell produces a lovely ambiance, delicious food, and excellent service. High five Mark!
4	Met a friend last night for a glass of wine.  Although we didn't eat, I plan to go back soon as the menu looked great.  Service was terrific even though we were just having wine.  My only concern is that the price point for wine is just a little high.  I understand why--but my comfort zone is always closer to 8/9 for a glass.  Anyway-they did a great job on the interior--still has some of the sportsman's feel and still just as warm and inviting.  looking forward to trying the food.
5	The ambiance was great and as fans of Tarbell's it is nice to have great food but in a more casual environment. Plus owner Mark Tarbell came by our table to welcome and thanked us for coming in and as the night progressed I saw him do that with each table. That was a really nice touch and I haven't experienced that type of service with any other restaurant in town.We tried 3 of the 4 bikinis on the menu and they were all delicious, made with some of the best tasting bread I have had in awhile. Plus the portions are perfect to start and cut to sharable sizes, that is if you don't eat it all first. I ordered the chicken street tacos for dinner. You get 3 large tacos, which I really enjoyed but it was almost to much food for me, enjoyed the salsa verde the comes on the side. We shared the coconut cream pie for dessert and let me tell you that it was the most amazing dessert I have ever had. I definitely recommend ordering it, even if you don't think you could possibly eat anymore once you taste it you'll be licking the plate clean.  They are only open for dinner which is a shame because there are so many items on the menu that would be a great lunch.  Definitely plan on going back to try the burger.
5	My wife and I had dinner here on Thursday, April 17, 2014.The staff were friendly and accommodating.We had the polenta and deviled eggs for appetizers and shared the BLT and croque madame for the main eats.Everything was spectacular!Nice selection of Arizona beers on the drinks menu and, as always with Tarbell's, a great wine selection!Another great restaurant by Mark Tarbell!
3	Great decor and wines - but lacking on the food menu, highlighting too many greasy options. And no happy hour...makes me miss Sportsman's.Would recommend stopping by for a glass of wine only but head to Tarbell's restaurant (or one of the many other great Arcadia spots) for a good meal.
5	We had the pleasure of visiting this new restaurant on a beautiful evening in May.  The restaurant has a great atmosphere - lots of natural materials, comfortable seating, and a large bar area.We enjoyed perusing the cocktail menu - all of the cocktails are either beer or wine based and it was interesting to see the creativity involved in devising and executing the drinks.Our bartender - Joe - was very knowledgeable about each item on the menu. He even provided a wine-by-wine description of every white Burgundy on the wine list.  He demonstrated an amazing command  of the restaurant's offerings.We sampled quite a few things on the menu: baked kale chips (yum!), tomato and goat cheese salad (yum! yum!), crab cake (yum! yum! yum!) and the ham and pickle bikini (swing and a miss!).  I think we were expecting more of a cuban sandwich vibe, and it had a chopped ham texture. We also had a taste of the spinach and crab dip which is one of their signature appetizers. The service was spot on.  These guys execute flawlessly when it comes to making their customers feel special and appreciated.  Not surprising when you realize that Ty is one of the managers of the restaurant.  Ty is already a powerhouse in the greater Phoenix area in terms of hospitality. Just wait - he will accomplish great things!Visit, be adventurous, and enjoy!
5	We had a great time eating at The Tavern! The wine selection is what we have all come to expect for Tarbell - excellent. The food is excellent as well. We would highly recommend the tomato and goat cheese salad. The staff and crew were all fun, energetic and knowledgable. This place is highly recommended.
5	We had a wonderful time at The Tavern. The wine selection is what we have all come to expect from Tarbell - excellent. I would highly recommend the tomato and goat cheese salad. Exceptional staff and a very welcoming atmosphere. Great place for a happy hour - need to get a happy hour menu!
4	We were really pleased by this "upscale-relaxed" place. We expected to like the food, because we're big fans of Tarbell's main restaurant next door, but our entire experience was extremely satisfactory. The Tavern combines great food with a great vibe.It starts with the decor--comfortable, low lighting, lots of wood. The service is attentive, confident and friendly--they want you to enjoy your food and drinks. The two-page menu features comfort foods with tweaks (BLT on Challah, Vermont cheddar grilled cheese) and some more exciting items (lamb burger, Salmagundi veg stew, octopus tacos)--all prepared in keeping with Tarbell's commitment to flavorful, farm fresh foods.We started with the Farmer's Market Veg Plate. We enjoyed the variety of vegetable--especially the heirloom carrot slices and delicious, tangy tomatoes--and  the accompanying fines herbes dressing. For our main courses, we had the tacos (two fish, one octopus) and the beef short rib. Both entrees were excellent and the portions were generous--though somehow we managed to eat every bite! The short rib was fall-apart tender and the tacos were definitely the best we've had in Phoenix. We love vegetables, so we ordered sides of baked kale chips and sliced fresh tomatoes. Both were delicious--kale chips delicately crispy and the tomatoes full-flavored. My only quibble about the place: The background music (hard rock from the eighties and nineties) just didn't quite jibe with clientele and the rest of the experience and it was perhaps a tiny bit too loud.  I don't agree with an earlier reviewer who complained that the menu has "too many greasy options." The tavern-oriented menu offers many, many choices of fresh seafood, fresh produce, salads and sides. It's a new twist on traditional tavern food. We're looking forward to returning soon to try some of the other offerings.
5	Mark Tarbell has opened what feels like a comfortable extension of his home next to his upscale restaurant.  We are lovingly welcomed by everyone there, the menu is the most upscale bar food imaginable with good wine to go with it, and it is executed perfectly.  We were also invited to check out the wine tasting going on at the old Sportsmen's Liquor next door if we wanted.  Couldn't ask for better.
5	I am very late in writing my review which is a shame because this was one of the best meals I've ever had in Phoenix.The seating is tight, it was very awkward waiting for our table in a walk way.  We were very much in the way of the wait staff and other patrons.  We had a large group and we were comfortably seated though.What I ordered... what what I ordered is no longer on the menu... I'm actually really sad because the pasta I had was homemade flat noodles in a homemade apple sausage pieces in this sauce that was a dream.  I could not get enough of the sauce and I practically licked the plate dry (well as close to it since It is a nice place to eat and I tried to some some decency).There was also this caramel rosemary cheese cake that was so fantastic that I was sad that no other cheesecakes could compare.I've been writing this review while staring at the new menu that is published on their website.  I'm sure what is available now will be fantastic, I'm just also sad I can't go back and re-do this meal again.... it was that good.I guess I will have to go back soon and try the new menu!
4	Really enjoyed it. My tip is to get the cheese plate. Beautiful presentation and plentiful. Also tried the crab cake with apple and arugula. Very good. Can't wait to go back. Nice wine by the glass selection too.
5	What a great place! Comfortable, welcoming and most importantly; delicious!Started with crab gazpacho, smoked salmon and chive grilled cheese, deviled eggs and a tomato/ polenta/avacados salad. All 4 of them were great! I would suggest all 4 of them as starters.For dinner, the 4 of us, we split 3 entrees; the burger, lobster roll and tacos (three fish, one octopus). The burger and tacos were amazing. The burger, may be the best is town! White bun, great meat with the perfect amount of seasoning, the secret sauce with iceberg lettuce. Nothing fancy, but perfectly done. Friggin great!! The fish tacos were huge and soo good! Both salsas were extremely flavorful. I liked the fish over the octopus, but it was close. The octopus was meatier than I expected and grilled to perfection.The lobster roll was ehhh, but take with a grain of salt, as I am not a huge fan of lobster.Tavern only serves beer and wine. This is a top-notch restaurant with very attentive service! I can't wait to come back!
5	My wife and I enjoyed a past visit to Tarbell's and signed up for their email list to learn of the two other business Mark Tarbell owns that are actually next door to one another - The Tavern and the The Wine Store. The email I received said that at The Tavern, for this one night only, they are offering "Beer-Battered Georges Bank Cod with Golden Fries, Fresh Coleslaw and Tartar Sauce, and your choice of a Beer or glass of Wine $25 per person (excluding tax and gratuity). Having never been to The Tavern before, I didn't know what the expected wait time might be on a typical Friday night or if there was a dress code. Reservations can only be made for parties of 6 or more. I called them and spoke to 'Charlie' who let me know the place is small, but we will probably have no wait to be seated if we come in before 7:30pm. He asked for my name and said since he wasn't working in the evening, he suggested I ask to speak with "Corbin" when we arrive and to let him know this is our first time there.  He also informed me there is no dress code and people dine there dressed up or in t-shirts and shorts.  We were seated right away, I asked to meet Corbin, and he introduced himself and welcomed us to the restaurant. My wife and I both order the fish and chips special (the regular menu was also available to order from). I had an IPA beer and my wife a Pino Noir. My wife ordered the deviled eggs appetizer and enjoyed it (I don't eat deviled eggs.)The fish used in the fish and chips was as fresh as I've ever had. The batter was firm and stuck well to the fish, however, it was very bland. Some chefs believe the fish should be bland to pick up the flavors of the tartar, but I like to eat my fish plain. No lemon, no vinegar and no tartar. My wife and I both needed to add salt to give the fish a missing flavor. It was perfectly cooked. The fries were like steak fries, and nothing special there, but not bad, either.We ordered the ice cream sandwich dessert and shared it. It was very good. The total bill was $68 + a $12 tip for our excellent server "Jordan" I think he said his name was...The staff was attentive without being over-bearing. The atmosphere is nice without being pompous. If I could get a Tarbell's pizza at The Tavern, I would be there at least 3 times a month! To eat a similar meal at Tarbell's, by comparison, one should dress nicer than a t-shirt and expect to pay at least another $20-$30 for the dinner tab. In that aspect, its like getting Tarbell's quality food at a discounted price, however, the menu's are not the same. I wouldn't be surprised if the staff offered to get me a pizza from next door, but I wouldn't feel right about ordering something 'special' even if it were  an option. I'd just like to see it on the menu.It was a bit loud in there and difficult to hold a conversation at times. But the staff all have personalities and make you feel welcome. Even when the gentleman came out to light all the candles at the tables, he struck up a unique conversation with each table as he lit their candle. Not just an 'excuse me, I'll be gone in a second' attitude, but "Hey, how's it going? Is everything good so far?" and, hence, a nice, friendly conversation as he went from table to table.We'll definitely be back here (and Tarbell's too when I feel like opening the wallet a little bit wider.)
5	There are some places you just want to keep to yourself. Tarbell's Tavern is my hot bath, favorite jammies, great glass of wine, crawl into bed, fire burning, book reading, tummy super happy deliciously full ~ kind of place. I'm not even going to discuss the amazing plates because it's Mark Tarbell. Upscale pub. Excellent music, perfect acoustics for the music and hearing the person next to or across from you. The bartender turned me on to a delicious way to finish off my oysters. It' s hard to stump me on the oyster front. Yet, he did. I never would have picked that liquid accompaniment. I could tell you. But, they can deliver it. I am so lucky this is in my neighborhood. But, I would drive, bike, or pogo there anytime if it's wasn't. Thank you Mark for this amazing little gem and the attention to such fine details. except the pens...wood grain would be amazing with the block. Just saying...Cheers!
5	I've been searching for a legitimate Lobster Roll here in the valley for quite some time and now, that search is over. The Deviled Eggs were as splendid as the service and the selection of wine was spot on. I for one can't wait to get back !
5	Mark Tarbell does it again. For all you Phoenicians you have to try the crisp fried chicken. It even brought back fond memories for a small town girl who grew up on great tasting Chicken dinners. Sending a shout out to all you baseball families, take it from one who is married to a #1Scout and former pitcher, this is the place to grab your favorite bottle of wine from the Tavern Store and enjoy it with a fabulous Mark Tarbell menu. Sooo delicious.
4	It was hard not to compare this place to Sportsman's, but I wanted to make sure this review was not partial.  Nice atmosphere with a large bar, friendly bartenders and an extensive wine list...plus you can buy a bottle at retail next door and bring it next door with no corkage fee.  We enjoyed a glass of wine while watching football and enjoyed our experience.  I still wish Sportsman's was still here though...I absolutely loved the spaghetti squash as it was beyond delicious!
4	Definitely one of my new favorite spots! The atmosphere is very cozy and quaint. The lobster roll is by far my #1 choice but I always request the lobster to be warmed up and it's truly to die for! If you like lobster rolls you know that there are no good rolls anywhere near Arizona!  Tavern offers a variety of food choices and my other top choices would be their tacos and bikinis. Both delicious! They have a very unique specialty drink list with a lot of unusual combinations, which makes it fun to choose something new. I highly recommend this little gem:)
5	Fantastic and fun food with wine with no up charge!  My brothers favorite place to eat with great music playing ...
5	As if it could get any better!On our last visit to The Tavern we were told that, instead of choosing our wine from a wine menu, we can go into Sportsmen's next door (pretty much in the next room accessed by a hallway), grab their wine guy to direct us to the stuff we like, check out the bottles in person, grab a bottle, have our server pour it at our table at The Tavern and get charged the Sportsmen's price.  Not even a corkage fee.Even writing about it makes me giddy.  I do love these guys.
2	It is unfortunate that we received the wrong order on a to go order, what is more unfortunate is that when we called to speak to a manager, we were told he was too busy to speak. When explained that this order was for someone who was sick, and it was their birthday....all we were told is that they were sorry.  We were not asked if there was something they could do to remedy the situation, we were not asked for our number so we could explain the situation to a manager. The issue was the service, not the food. Any food from Tarbells is delicious, but I think more could have been done. Fifty dollars for a to go order, it should be spot on.....Irritating. The rating was for the phone call, and the way it was handled, NOT the food.
