4	Great Cafe Americano. Their Quiche Lorraine is really good and hearty. Other bakery goods look delicious as well.
5	Long lines in the am! Its totally worth it because its the only coffee shop around...a super coffee shop on steroids to say the least! Lots of delicious looking menu items all artfully prepared...salads, pastries, sandwhiches, and even iike mac and cheese you can grab on the fly here. The coffee is awesome...you can order a drip and it tastes wonderful! I also got an espresso drink later on that was fabulous. Some of the bigger coffee chains need to take notes on this place! If there was one in seattle Id be there all the time...
4	Small cafe inside the Wynn Hotel.  You wait in line, then order and pay when it is your turn.  The staff is friendly and quick with their service.One mid-morning, we decided to get some food here.  I ordered the Asian Chicken Salad ($9.95) and it comes with the Asian dressing inside the TO-GO container.  We also got a bagel with cream cheese, a fruit cup, and an OJ.After you order, you wait by the counter for your food, then find an open table to sit and eat!My Asian Chicken salad was very good.  It's a good size portion for the money and I really enjoyed the dressing for the salad.The OJ and fruit cup were very good as well.  If you need something quick in the morning, try the Cafe at the Wynn.  Xie Xie!!
3	Such random pricing. $6.75 for brie mac and cheese (good size, tastes great), but over $5 for a coffee drink and over $4 for a pastry. It's also the only place to get food after-hours at the hotel so consider it an emergency stop.
4	Who doesn't live the Wynn Resort?  Everything was a hit! The seafood club sandwich, Sangria, and pancakes were awesome. But service lacked and fell short of what's to be expected from The great Wynn Las Vegas.  Still it was a good experience.
5	Had the tomato soup and cheese sticks. Hot, delicious and great value for money. Great vegetarian option.
4	They are open 24 hrs and their mac n cheese is bomb! Even my friend who normally does not like mac n cheese loved it. This is a go-to spot for people leaving XS and Tryst nightclubs late-night.
4	This is a super place to grab a bite at any time of day, as it is open 24/7. My folks came here often during their recent stay for sandwiches at lunch-time, and I went once with them. It was extremely busy so I might opt to go at off times in the future and avoid the lunch crowd. The place is small so we had to wait for a table. Essentially, you place your order at the counter, pay, sit at your table, and they call your name when your meal is ready. Since it was busy, the staff were calling out a lot of names to pick up their orders. It was reminiscent of that old SNL skit (deli counter staff barking: "Burger, burger, No COKE! Pepsi for you!").The food is really good. As mentioned, my folks had various sandwiches here. I had a fruit and cheese platter that came with small cups of peanut butter for dipping, as well as a gourmet granola bar which I saved for the flight home (that platter had a LOT of food! And it was not expensive, too). This was a really convenient and reasonable go-to place for a quickie meal. If I were staying longer (and boy, I sure wish I could!), I'd be a regular patron here.
1	I usually dont complain because i used to be a server too. However me and my bf stop by this cafe before watching the dream show at wynnWe ordered hot chocolate and americano and there was some texture in the hot chocolate. Maybe some fruit pulp or something. I told one of the staff and she gave me a dirty look and said "do u want another one?" Without apologizing very rude staff never goin back
3	Solid spot at 4 a.m. Got a baked Mac and cheese - it was way too salty, but I was starving. I also got a juice (can't remember what kind) and was very disappointed. It was like $6 for the size of a Starbucks water cup and it wasn't even freshly made! She poured it out of a plastic bottle! Go to Zoozacrackers around the corner instead if you're looking for a quick bite.
3	This is a little pit stop cafe in the middle of the Wynn Casino. It's a cool place to stop in for a coffee drink and small snack. It always seems packed with people but you can find a seat most of the time. The food is ok & reasonable priced, but nothing special (they have a spicy chicken tortilla soup I love but it's only served during certain months) and nice yogurt parfaits. The coffee drinks are a bit overpriced but taste nice. Good place to meet up with friends after a long night out or have a quick breakfast before leaving vegas.
2	If you want good coffee, keep on moving. If I made coffee like this not only would it be free, but I'd apologize to those accepting.
4	A little pricey! But pretty good. Me and my sister came here after dinner for a cup of coffee, and to try something different. I ordered a regular white mocha with soy - came to about $7! That's more than a Starbucks cup! It is on the strip though, so can't expect much else I guess. It was a subtle hint of white mocha - I prefer a little sweeter usually - but it was still pretty good. We didn't have any food, but the portions were huge! Would definitely stop here again on a future trip to Vegas.
2	Breakfast for almost $16 was definitely not worth it...I ordered the orange juice and the egg and cheese flatbread. The orange juice was pretty good, but for the price...I could of definitely gotten two cartons at a grocery store. The egg and cheese flatbread was hard as a rock on the edges. The egg tasted very odd to me and on top of that, if you don't like yolk make sure to get egg whites instead. Overall, the service here was ok. The lines went quickly, but waiting on the food was treacherous, a lot of the customers weren't happy because they came out with all of our orders; instead of, giving the items one by one to customers. (Especially during breakfast on the weekdays...people are in a rush). This was my first time, and I definitely won't be coming back...I would suggest to go to a buffet instead for the price.
4	I love the ambience at this coffee place.  The coffee is acceptable and the food is good.  The prices are very high.  The best part of this place is the location and the ability to do lots of people watching in the casino.
5	I eat here daily, sometimes several times a day when I stay at the Wynn and the fare has changed; it was always good but as of July 2014...is outstanding. I wish I had taken photos because the presentation is nice too but the food...it's cafe casual so I wasn't expecting more than a sandwich but their Brie mac n cheese was literally the best Mac n cheese I've ever had and I'm embarrassed to admit that I order this in really good restaurants all of the time. Anything I ate here I found myself craving later on like the Asian chicken salad or the ultra healthy non powdered or sugar coated smoothies or the chai.  My boyfriend said the prime rib sandwich was one of the absolute best and he's had a lot of sandwiches.  Only negative is that at the end of the day the dessert was a tad dry.
2	Too pricey, and does not offer a good coffee. As a daily homemade coffee drinker (not Starbucks), this shop provides a HoRRIBLe horrible coffee. I can't call it coffee at all. My cafe au lait taste like water with milk, the regular coffee taste like the brew has been sitting there for 24 hours. Eww!!! Never come back. Should have listened to my husband for breakfast buffet. Two stars because of the sitting area.
5	THE BEST SALAD I EVER HAD GOES TO THE ASIAN CHICKEN SALAD!  I'm sad I live in California because if I lives in Nevada, I an probably eat this salad for dayssssss!  Every time I go to Vegas, I have to come here to grab a salad!  I love the dressing!  It is just absolutely delicious! The second best thing that they have is the Salmon bagel!  Can't go wrong with that either!  I also love this place because it's 24 hours!  For all you people who have the drunchies after going to XS and all the other clubs in the Wynn or Encore, this is the place to go! :)
2	Despite the fact that my green tea smoothie tasted decent, I decided to rate The Cafe at Wynn two stars. First, this coffee shop is unfriendly to people who have lactose intolerance - it has neither soy milk nor almond milk. Second, the service is extremely slow. I waited for twenty minutes for my drink, which is unacceptable for a place that has a set up similar to Starbucks. Third, drinks are expensive even for hotel standard. This is not to mention that the drinks are borderline acceptable. Unless you are desperate for caffeine and are too lazy to walk outside of the hotel, I would not recommend you coming to The Cafe at Wynn.
4	I ordered the bbq chicken salad and it was amazing. Huge portion with so much flavor I barely even used the dressing. My coworker ordered a reuben and said it was pretty good but a bit salty.
3	This place is known for their pastries and stuff. We had a group of girls, so we ordered a variety of pastries and things to share.Egg & cheese flatbread: I actually didn't try this since I was too busy stuffing my face with the breakfast bagel...Breakfast bagel: bacon, cheese, egg. You can choose the bagel flavor, I got the Everything Bagel. This was delicious and savory and filling. But that's how I like my breakfast...savory and filling. HA.I think we ordered a variety of pastries (like croissant) and cups of fruit...which was really good. If I was in the mood for something lighter, I would probably get another croissant and a cup of coffee. It was just a little pricey, but that's what you get for a Vegas hotel cafe, I guess.
5	When we first arrived the line was long but in true style the staff moved the line along quickly. Dining area seemed full but by the time we received our food several tables had cleared. Menu was primarily light fair u had yogurt parfait with granola and a croissant both of which were equally delicious.
3	During our stay at the Wynn we got coffee and pastries at the Cafe twice.  The specialty caramel coffee I got was fabulous... rivals the caramel macchiato at Starbucks.  Yum.  The pastries we got were ok, but clearly microwaved, which made them a bit soggy.  The Cafe is expensive, but no more than Starbucks really. If you're staying at the Wynn, and want some coffee or a quick bit, why not...
5	This is probably the most beautiful coffee shop in the entire world.  I like the ambience, the good architecture and artwork that adornes this coffee shop.  Some people have complained about the high prices here.  Yes, the coffee is expensive, but you are drinking this coffee in a five-star, five-diamond resort.  If you want cheap coffee, go to McDonald's.
3	We ate here a few times while staying at the Wynn. We ate a variety of items. Overall the food is great. Downsides: The service is ALWAYS extremely slow and there is always a line. They really need more people working however the staff who are there are friendly and seem to be hustling. We were there during New Years holiday. They have three registers and typically only one working, and sometimes two.The prices are high for example about $11.00 for a cold cut Italian sub. We got our meals to go several times and seems like they don't give you a full portion for carry out. This place is Ok to eat at if staying at the Wynn but wouldn't make a special trip. Typical wait was about 20 to 30 minutes to get carry out food that is already prepared and just needs heating up.
