5	This is one giant duck, the rubber ducky is in Pittsburgh for three weeks as part of the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's 'Festival of Firsts," It's the big rubber duck's first visit to North America after visits to Sydney, Hong Kong, Paris, and other notable cities. Florentijn Hofman is the artist who designed the 40x30 duck. Moored on the Allegheny River side of Point State Park, near the fountain.
5	Rubber Ducky, you're the oneYou make Pittsburgh, so much fun...Seriously, you quack me up.Something about a giant rubber duck that makes the grumpiest of people smile.  To walk down here in the dark is somewhat mesmerizing.  There are hoards of people everywhere to see the monster.  Flashes flashing, people giggling, smiles everywhere.  I mean who could resist taking a selfie with the rubber ducky?  I know I didn't.This is a nice addition, even though the duck won't be a permanent resident.  I assume because it'll be flying south soon.
5	epic ginormous duck!
5	We came.  We saw.  And we couldn't stop staring, smiling and laughing.  This duck is just so dang cute.  Even the real ducks on the river couldn't get enough, they were trying to surround him.We showed up at the crack of dawn to avoid the crowd.  Didn't help, people were already there.  Everyone wants to see the duck.  Everyone wants their picture with the duck.  The duck don't care.  He just sits there and occasionally bobs on the water.I heard that over 1 million people showed up to see our huge waterfowl friend.  A huge thanks to Florentijn Hofman, the Dutch artist who has brought joy to so many with a simple bathtub friend turned into the size of Godzilla.  And thanks to the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust for having the ingenuity to get this brilliant yellow drake temporarily nested on our Allegheny.Sad to think of the duck closed up in some warehouse until January.  And even sadder to think that he may never grace our city, again!  But I also can't wait to see where our friend shows up next.
5	This thing was ducktastic! I only wish they'd have dressed it up in Pirates gear for the playoffs. Definitely worth seeing in person and very cool that it chose to roost in Pittsburgh for a while.
5	As of yesterday, despite petitions begging for him to stay just a while longer, the Pittsburgh Rubber Duck is gone - towed away to be stored for potential future uses, the Cultural Trust has teased.He will be sorely missed. Seeing a Rubber Duck splashing in the river made many, many locals and even some out of towners very happy. Children laughed, adults smiled, and business boomed: lots of business owners said that every day the Duck was here was like the Pittsburgh Regatta was in town. Every day! Food sold out in every restaurant, duck related merchandise flew off the shelves, and local downtown museums saw a massive increase in the number of visitors they usually get this time of year. It was amazing to see just how many people visited downtown and how lively it became. It's hard to say which was bigger: the waves of happiness rolling throughout the Point while this Duck floated happily nearby, or economic boom downtown created by the duck's presence. Either way, the Duck made quite a splash while it was here. and I hope one day we'll get the chance to see this simply marvelous piece of work in the rivers again!
5	Awww. I miss the rubber ducky. Darren I saw it when it was still here before a concert. It was a fun, cute sight to behold. I hope people in other cities get to see it.
5	If you give this less than five stars, you probably don't have a soul.I came to visit my friend and it just coincidentally coincided with the duck's appearance in the river. I love this type of art - it's so charming and positive. I mean, how can you dislike it? I've never seen any other art installation have such positive cache. If anyone had tried to vandalize it, I'm sure they would've been subjected to some of the worst public ostracization (is that a word?) possible.
5	I made a special trip up to Pittsburgh to see this little guy and it was worth it! I'm a huge rubber duck aficionado. I've been collecting rubber ducks for years and years now and have accumulated a collection of over 200 in rubber ducks alone (haven't even attempted to count the other duck paraphernalia I've acquired over the years). When I heard about the Rubber Duck Project by Florentijn Hofman and saw the sculpture in Sydney, Hong Kong, and Beijing this year in the news, I fell in love with this Rubber Duck. I was beyond ecstatic when I heard it was coming to the US and even more excited when I heard it would be making its US debut on the East Coast, just 4 hours from where I live. "The Rubber Duck knows no frontiers, it doesn't discriminate people and doesn't have a political connotation." Hence why when I was there, so were hundreds of people, young and old, female and male, of all races, gathered to see this majestic, whimsical sculpture. The Rubber Duck is the most charming and delightful friend you'll meet. It doesn't even have to talk for you to smile. No joke, I sat there and gazed at the duck for 30 minutes and just smiled at its simplicity and playfully quaint nature. After taking dozens of photos, I purchased three things at the official merchandise stand - a poster, a replica, and a sticker (I would have bought everything but only had $20 in cash with me at the time). After browsing online at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust website, I purchased a T-shirt, cap, and pin - essentially every available merchandise. No regrets though! These are collectibles worth collecting (especially for me, one of the biggest rubber duck fans out there). Rubber Duck, you are definitely the one and you made Pittsburgh so much fun!
5	I was sorry to see the duck go. It was public art that almost everyone could relate to.  I'm thinking we will have other similar opportunities, because we had the marvelous knit bridge in picture the same summer.
5	I love that the Rubber Duck has a page where you can review him!What else can you say about the duck other than the fact that he is awesome?!  What is not to love about a giant rubber duck?  Stories about the duck indicated that the artist wanted to create something that reminded us of the whimsy of childhood.  Mission accomplished.  I first saw the duck on the night of his debut.  Downtown was bustling with activity as there were several events going on (along with the duck's arrival and bridge party).  I was giddy with excitement as we approached him.  It was a picture perfect evening and he looked incredible with PNC Park as a backdrop.  It was nice to see so many boaters paying him a visit as well.I was fortunate to see the duck every morning on my way in to work.  And it brought a smile to my face ever time.Confession time.  I loved the duck so much that when we heard his next appearnce was in Norfolk, VA, we made arrangements to pick up the nieces and nephews and take a road trip to visit him.  Still brought me just as much joy.  Maybe even more since I also had the experience of sharing him with kids.I hope he makes a return to Pittsburgh soon!
