4	What a cool little pub! H.B. Hanratty's offers nearly something for everyone, from video games and darts to pool and casual convos tucked inside one of their wooden benches. Open yet cozy, this bar has the ideal mixture of ample lighting with dark wood furniture and ceiling to create what some may call "your neighborhood dive bar." There's nothing really dingy about this place. It's not unsafe or anything, yet I like how you feel a bit off the beaten path when you come here. There's a few places to park along the East side or in the back. Plus, the place is really a cinch to find since it's right off the Southside of the street with a sign announcing you've found your watering hole. Said to be an Ohio State bar, you don't really see much sporting merchandise here - a good thing, if you ask me. I'm told the beer selection is good, although when I tried to order something seasonal, they didn't have anything. Bummer. Instead, I went with the tried-and-true Sam Adams, followed by a Stella Artois. Both were served in a bottle, although the bartender tried to pour my Sam Adams into a glass. I had to stop him. "Just the bottle," I said. "That's enough for me." If memory serves me, each beer cost me $4. My companions opted for draft pints of Coors and Michelob Ultra. So, if domestics are your thing, H.B.'s has your vice in abundance. I can definitely see myself hanging here, playing some pool or throwing some darts. Overall, the music was decent. I think they went from Rehab to Richard Cheese. Not quite sure how that happened, but it was interesting nonetheless. Bartender was friendly, albeit a bit "snottish" when I asked to see a beer menu. He had none. Instead, he asked, "What are you looking for and I'll tell you if we have it." I would have much preferred a few choices rattled off to me since I couldn't really see the dusty bottles aligned on the shelf, nor did I intend to lean over the bar to take inventory. I must admit, I was a little put off by that. I guess he wasn't used to a patron wanting something other than "swamp water" (Bud or Coors). In any case, I like this place. I'd definitely go back.Word to wise: This is a CASH ONLY bar, although I'm told they have an ATM inside (although I didn't see it or go hunting for it, either). I guess somebody hasn't yet heard of merchant services...
4	Before you bother, CASH only, so bring your ones.  You won't need much more beyond that.HB's is a decent bar esteemed by my Midwestern friends because (*shocker*), it reminds them of something that could have been 'back home'.  Oh Jesus.  Can we petition to have a moratorium on this phrase for anyone coming to Phoenix from between the geographical regions presented by the Mississippi and the Appalachains?  Naturally, then, this place looks like a lodge in Duluth, with glossy wood, pool tables, darts, and other bar olympics that seem to occupy the minds of the fly over population.  Not bad really.  Just nothing particularly special.  I've had plenty of drinks in here, and never once was I tapping to leave.  Its just a natural progression to leave this bar after you've championed your beer or your cricket group.  Whats appropriately odd about this bar, I might add, is their remarkable and diverse juke box selection.  I can't stride over to the bartender without depositing a couple of dollars of The Cure for the townies.
4	Hanny! this was my place. i was here like clockwork every other friday, and every other saturday. i would also stop in randomly on the other 6 days of the week. i have history here, some good, some bad. i stopped in here last week on a whim, i saw some friends i hadn't seen in a while so i figured go in and have "1" drink. well after my 4th beer and a vodka shot with some fucking hot "bloody mary" shit in it. i was at least tipsy. i closed my eyes and walked from the end of the bar to the restroom. yep. can still do it. i love this place. i wish i still lived in uptown i would still be here all the time. its alot cheaper then my roosevelt addiction. :\Hanratty's has 3 pool tables, several pinball machines, and 3 dart boards, and 2 mechanical dart boards. deffinetly a great place to stop by for some 8ball. the atmosphere here is fucking cool. it's been a valley bar for god knows how long. wood bar, wood support posts, wooden walls, wooden booths. its got more wood then a whole fleet of escalades. i think G-Unit is still jealous. put your hands on this grain my nig.....yea well you get the point. the economy has hit this place a little rough..so if you see this review. check out the place. bars like this cannot go under. they need our support. go in and say "hi" to Frank. he's cool as hell. Sarah still cute as ever. Save Hannys!!!
4	Good ol' gay hanratty's.One beer on tap, no credit cards or tabs, no food. It's kind of punk rock, but in a country sort of way. It's cheap, they have games, and it's pretty much a shit hole. It is NOT a good place to watch sports, despite what they say. You can only hear the music, not the TVs. If you are hungry, they serve sandwiches at lunch time that are literally wonder bread, kraft singles, and bologna. I fucking love it. And at dinner, you can order from a plethora of restaurants that deliver here. And Hanratty's will even provide the silverware!
4	omg, this place is always freezing. which kind of rules, but kind of doesn't.they have awesome bartenders (but my lady says she's kind of scared of them), and a bunch of pinball machines. the wheel of fortune one is so insanely fast and hard (lol), it's worthless to even play, though).the drinks are always super super strong, and the pool tables are all in really good shape. the prices are pretty good, too.they have a crazy weird hand towel thing in the bathroom.also, real darts (the kind that you can kill someone with)
4	It is easy to be a regular here if you show up twice. Hanratty's is the picture perfect neighborhood dive bar.  You can usually pick what ever you want to hear from the Online Jukebox.  The bar staff are personable.  It is too bad the owner doesn't put much effort in marketing or keeping up the place.  It is usually dead on most nights.  So if you are looking for a relaxed place to have a drink with some locals, this is your joint.
5	i use to always go here.always always always.. i only stopped because i moved downtown.super strong drinks. super cheap. super random crowd, only thing in common is, professional drinkers/drunks.
5	Sooo....I have been going to Hanratty's since I was a wee young un....almost 10 years now. FACTS: It's a dive bar. Bottom line. You're not going to get good food service or high end beers. But you won't find a cheaper draft beer, game of pool, or round of darts. Furthermore, the staff are the friendliest I have ever encountered. I am proud to call some of them my friends, and ALL of them know my name when I walk in. Disclaimer: I probably go there perhaps once a month, so I am definitely not a "slouched over the bar every afternoon" regular, although those are plentiful and all very entertaining at Hanrattys. I love this place. As a bartender for 10 years, I have been hard pressed to find a quintessential "Cheers like" bar, and Hanratty's is certainly it. Everyone knows your name, whether you like it or not!
4	Friendly folksMy friend and I stopped into this place to get our last drink for the night before having a late night meal at Denny's across the street. The place was pretty much cleared out and it looked like they were about to close, but the bartender, Gary, was still very happy to serve us. I didn't wander around the bar, but it looked like a pretty average dive bar. There were pool tables, and dart boards. We had a nice chat with Gary, and met the fairly new owner as well. I wish I had more time to spend in here in order to get the full experience. There will be a next time, I hope!
1	All I know is that this place smells like old tuna. The cheap kind. There's a bunch of old bald dudes giving me the eyeball at the bar, and the waitresses are less than stellar, even for a dive establishment. I don't care if it's inconsistent, but just be nice. I also question the projector screen that is twice as big as the actual picture. As for the drinks, there's a fine line between strong and just disproportionate. If you're mixing drinks, just follow basic principles. That's all I ask.
3	I grew up in the neighborhood (which I will now call uptown) and must have passed by Hanratty's a jillion times before finally going in to check it out.  The bartender informed me that it's been open since the mid-70s, but this was my first time. (Side note: we wanted to go to the hookah bar down the street - 70s Shop or something, but it was so bright inside that just driving by we could see the face of every single person in there!  I like my bars darker...makes me look better!).  It's your pretty standard dive bar in Hanratty's- pool tables, wood paneling, CHEAP beer, friendly bartenders, juke box, but I thought it was much bigger, cleaner, and newer than most dive bars I've been in.  Like a regular bar masquerading as a dive bar....or something.  I see some comments on a bad smell ("old tuna" "danky" "dirty toilets"), but I didn't notice one...maybe I accepted one too many free bud lights from the bartender?  Either way - a quality place with great service and really cheap drinks right in my 'hood that is worth visiting again.  Oh yeah, and another plus is that they didn't cut us off 45 minutes before closing time like many places have a habit of doing.
5	I'm fairly certain that I've puked in the bathroom here at least once.And yes, that's a compliment.
3	I have been wanting to come here for years! Unfortunately I picked a Saturday night around 9pm and the place was pretty much deserted. The servers were friendly though, and the place felt really casual. I could see this being a popular happy hour bar for folks that live in the area.
5	I've skimmed through most of the comments here, and a few of them are pretty accurate. If you're looking for a good dive establishment to casually hang out at with plenty of things to keep busy, Hanratty's is the place to go.The drinks have always been solid, never weak. The selection of beers is great (but give me a Stella, and I'm set). There are pool tables, a small arcade, and friendly service. Everything is affordable, including the bar food (under and around $5) and I wouldn't choose any other bar in the area over this one.
3	Cool place to check out some football on a weekend - good beer on draft and friendly service!
4	Everything you expect it to be! A great hangout kinda joint. Great jukebox plus pool tables and darts. Hanratty's has a really laid-back atmosphere & is a great place to start your evening. The happy hour specials feature a nice variety (usually a coupla liquors and shots), not just the usual well drinks. They also host tastings fairly regularly. If you want a chill place to start your night...or just hang out w/your pals...go to Hanratty's!
5	Now this is the kind of place I could really dig. It's a little bit divey, but still warm and inviting. My first visit there I got a greeting and handshake from the owner. The bartender was all smiles and friendliness. Every single person in there (and it was quite a diverse crowd) was enjoying themselves and just having a jolly old time.On top of that, prices are great, they've got what looks to be a pretty nice pool table, and I hear they have steel tip darts. How can you go wrong there? I'll have to make a few return runs up here, for sure!
4	Warning: this bar is located in an area that is patrolled heavily by Phoenix police! Make sure you have a DD or take a taxi! When you walk into this saloon you instantly know you're in for a good time! The bartenders are extremely friendly and it seems like the owner (who also seems like a good guy) hangs out there quite a bit! The prices here are always decent as far as drinks go, and I HIGHLY recommend the Skittles shot! It's not as girly as it sounds!The bar was pretty empty on my first visit, but it was a Monday so I didn't really expect a big party. It was nice to be able to play pool without having to wait or worry about bumping people with your cue stick, but it made for a very quiet night!
4	Dive bar-Check! Cold beer-Check! Pool, darts, and other fun bar games-Check! If you are looking for a friendly atmosphere and a great place to gather, this is the place. There is nothing hoity toity about this place. I sponsored an event here last week with my co-workers, thirsty teachers, and HB's delivered. Service was fast and friendly. Happy hour prices were a plus. We will definitely return!
2	Came here for a couple of rounds after dinner--it was early like 7ish and the place was pretty empty, but it was nice because my group was able to play a few rounds of pool without being bothered.It's a dive/biker place-- but sometimes that's all you need cheap beer and good juke box music. I didn't notice a "smell' at all, i thought the place was pretty clean.  And the staff is really nice and tentative....so plus!We were of the few "younger" ppl here, i think maybe like five others who were in our age group(20's) were in attendance.  Mostly locals probably, but that was cool, fun couple of hours.
3	This place is a real dive-y dive. It's dim, has a small patio, interesting clientele (lol Browns fans), and yeah, it smells funny. Not that I could dwell on it for long when I was pouring white chocolate ale down the hatch. 'Twas heavenly! The selection of alcohol is actually pretty sparse, but the bartender knew what she was doing, so it's a-ok.And then after you're hammered, there's the gay Denny's across the street. Best people watching ever.
3	Just another Phoenix dive bar. Drinks are cheap and there is pool, darts and other games. The bartenders are usually friendly and the clientele seem nice enough. I've been here a few times and I've never had a great time but never had a bad time either. I don't see myself ever being a regular here but there are worse places to go....like Wineburger.
5	I love Hanratty's -- it strikes a balance between dive bar and neighborhood watering hole. Nothing fancy, just a good place to sidle up to after a long night. The bar staff is awesome, the jukebox plays pretty much whatever you want, and the drinks are strong. Hanratty's is a textbook bar.
5	Hanrattys is my go to dive bar. You cannot beat 2.50 bud and bud light drafts. Plus it is also an Ohio bar which I can enjoy. Not much of a crowd but it is a fun place to relax. They have real darts and pool tables. So there is plenty to do. The only downside, is the food. I have only tried one thing and that is the mozzarela sticks so do not try them.
5	Great dive bar, pool tables, darts
3	Great dive/down home option for midtown-downtown Phoenix area. Sat on the outside pation drinking cheap beer to watch the cars, pedestrians go by. Best part, the hipster crowd hadn't seem to take it over yet, so it still feels like a bar for the good ole boys.
4	Sitting at the bar as we speak. I always tell people how much I miss all the dive bars San Diego has to offer. Problem solved at HB Hanratty's. A dive bar after my own heart. Thanks HB!
3	A total dive.  It's a decent size bar.  There were only a handful of people in there and it seemed like the ones sitting at the bar were regulars and knew eachother and the bartenders.They have PBR...Awesome.  My husband had a jack and sprite and got a pretty generous pour.  The people seem nice.  For you sport fans, this is an Ohio State bar.There are pool tables, electronic dart board, corkboard darts, and several other games.Didn't try their food, so can't really vouch for that.
5	I have been going to HB Hanratty's for years with the Ohio State Alumni Club fans. The owners are and staff are very friendly and have always been accommodating to our special needs.
2	Good size place, sold PBR in 24 oz cans for $3.00, not sure if that is a bargain seeing that is not my normal drink of choice, but when in Rome....I wouldn't call this a dive bar, more like a neighborhood hangout, 2 or 3 pool tables, 3 or 4 hard tip dart boards, nice TV's. All and all a nice place to stop for a drink.On the other hand I can't think of one "hook" that would get me to return there. With all the options in a city this side there has to be something that separates a place from another. I just never found that "something" here.
5	Giving Hanratty's 5 stars as a 'dive bar,' even though its a huge step above as far as we're concerned. The service is top notch - Megan and Terry are excellent bartenders by any standard. Unlike the typical 'dive,' this place is always clean - especially the bathrooms. We spend a bit of time here each week ;) and the service never waivers. Love the pool tables and darts, and there are several TVs and plenty of adult video games. It's also a great place to just sit and have drinks, and whether you're a couple, just a few friends hanging out or a group, you can't go wrong. It's the kind of place where you can hang out and be yourself in a relaxed atmosphere, which is why we love it.
3	I liked this place. Pool, darts, and cheap beer?! What more could a girl ask for? I will definitely come back next time I'm in town. I would have given this place 4 stars if the bartender hadn't of almost shorted me five bucks. :/ She even had the nerve to doubt me as I showed her the change she had just given me. Lame.
3	It's a nothing-special-place which makes it perfect in certain situations. If you are looking for a dive or a neighborhood bar where you can sit undisturbed this might really be an alternative for you.. but as for going out in any social setting I wouldn't say this is any place to write home about. I had their pumpkin porter. I knew it was a bad idea even when I ordered. My party was all about to be left to our own devices, so Hanratty's works. There is really nothing more to say about this place..  oh, yeah one more thing to say - the men's room has the most genuine and foul urine smell my nostrils have been abused by since I made a bad decision at the Coachella festival that one time.
4	Good place with decent drink prices.  Wish they were open a little earlier...
5	If you are looking for a good dive bar this is the place. Dave says it has a "family atmosphere". Ryan says we saw marshawn lynch.
5	I've been going to Hanrattys for a couple of years, and it's the best bar in Phoenix. Some people call it a dive bar - I call it your local neighborhood bar. The drinks are cheap and the service is excellent.Megan, Terri and Mikey are the best bartenders around and they drinks are strong. Parking on the weekend can be tough, but you should be able to find a parking spot. If you're an Ohio State game, stop on in during college football games - they are an Ohio state bar.
1	Allowed them to hold my debit card here last night, and had $883 taken from my account today. I wonder if there's a connection.
2	Rathole. I like dive bars, but some basic cleanliness needs to be observed. They do have a good beer selection, which is what got them the second star from me, but I will not be returning.
2	Quiet as a ghost town the last several years, once upon a time I would have given it 5 stars. Nice for pool if you are out with friends and don't want any competition. I just want my dive bars to have some life. Average drink prices these days, nothing special.
4	Nice little place on Camelback Road that I have been passing for about 12 years and finally decided to stop.It has a rustic western look, but the prices are great and the people are friendly. I got there a bit early and there was no problems letting my in and sitting down for a drink. They have a small snack menu to tide you over which did the trick until the next stop that evening.The regulars started to come in and you could tell there is a family type atmosphere amongst them, darts also seem to be very popular here.I would like to go again when they have a bit more traffic to see what this place is really like!Needless to say I will be back and I'm not sure why it took me 12 years to get there.
3	Okay, it's a dive. Dark, seems everyone there knows each other whenever I go...  But the place has a great vibe. We often include it in our mini bar crawls between several pubs near 10th. I like it because they have an old Megatouch there. Sometimes a girl's gotta play!
4	If You like the Ohio State Buckeyes go here on game day.  Yea it's not the Ritz Carlton or the other place in the entertainment district , but the fans are true and it's the closest thing to being in the shoe as you'll get in PHX .  You're almost guaranteed a table.  A neighborhood bar circa 1970s - 80's. They play TBDBIL CDs during commercials.This place would fit nicely on n.  high street
1	I was a regular, just because of the location, but then they hired some very hostile and rude bar staff, who refuse to explain the drink menu and are quick to throw regulars out of the bar, in the rudest possible manner, for having a weathered drivers license. I always brought very large groups of people here, as it is very close to a theater I work with, but none of us will ever go back again. Support quality environments, run by quality people, go somewhere else.
