2	Went w girlfriends for impromptu pedicures on beautiful Saturday afternoon. They offer a mani & pedi for $28, pedi for $20, and gel mani for $20. No wine or soda offered but there is a water dispenser machine near the front door.The chairs look and feel a bit outdated; the massage was just ok. As I pulled out my debit card to pay the woman told me they'd been having issues with processing card transactions and could only take cash or check (made out to cash). She couldn't tell me this before I picked out my nail color? Sketch. Lucky for me my friend had her checkbook w her and spotted me. I should have known better; you get what you pay for.
1	It pains me to write this review as this was my hidden gem location for a great cheap pedicure for many years. However, I went this past weekend to get my eyebrows waxed and I can honestly say, it was the worst experience I've ever had with an eyebrow wax.First, I had to wait for a good 15 minutes even though there was a man just sitting in a massage chair (employee, not client). Then when the woman finally took me back she seemed rushed and nervous. When she was done waxing she SCRUBBED my face/eyebrow area with the cotton ball, but apologized. Then she nipped my skin with the tweezers, twice, but again apologized. I was starting to lose my patience at this point because that really hurt. I quickly glanced at my face in the little mirror in the room and walked out. The price for waxing was on $6.00, and it use to be $10, so I should have been suspect from that alone. As I was paying the bill I saw the woman that had just done them talking to another employee and she pointed right at me. I can only assume shew as telling her she'd just really messed up on that girl.  When I got out to my car and truly inspected my brows I saw that there was wax all over my right eyebrow and that was why she had been scrubbing so feverishly!!!  What a mess. Thank goodness for Vaseline to get the wax off without loosing half my eyebrow. I still have a scab on my other eye from where she nipped me with the tweezers-twice. To say I was angry is an understatement. No wonder the price has gone down.  The gal is not good at what she does. The fact that she didn't even try to correct her mistakes is ridiculous. This place use to be a fantastic place to go-a hidden gem of affordable service. However, I am sad to say it is that no more. I got a pedicure there not too long ago and the paint started chipping within 3 days. Typically it lasts for at least a week or two. Sufficed to say, I will not be returning to Luxury Nails.
5	I'm glad I didn't listen to the reviews. I had no problems at all and will definitely be back.
5	Really enjoyed a mani pedi, with gel polish for $50!  This included a back massage while getting my pedi.  Have always thought this was a reasonable place for nails and waxing, but now I'm even more impressed.Valerie P.
4	Attention SouthPark and Montford area peeps: this place has new owners. So what does that mean? Well, in the past there were no beverages. Not anymore. Drinks... including wine. Let's be honest, every pedicure needs a glass of wine. Also new: a massage with a manicure. An actual, physical massage from your nail person. Mani pedi is $30. It was my lucky day. They were running a special for $24. Winner. But here's the best part: not only is this place completely affordable... they take their time and do a pretty good job. Luxury does take credit cards, but make sure you bring cash for the tip. Glass of wine. Massage chair. A nice little pampering for only $30. Oh yeah, I'll definitely be back here.
5	i have lived in charlotte for 10yrs now. i have been going to this place for as many years. this place is the ABSOLUTE cheapest i have ever been to. i have never been anywhere in the city where i can get a wax pedi and mani (shelac) for around $50. now i will say i have since learned you need to take CASH because the machine seems to be down alot. it has since changed hands (owners/managment) and the staff continue to be very nice. i have watched this business evolve. the seats and space are better than it use to be with the addition of the tv is more appealing. i would recommend this place to ANY AND EVERYONE!! i take all of my out of town guests to this place. GREAT PLACE!!!! :)
