3	The watering hole is a simply the bar area in Whole Foods. They do a great job of selling craft beer and always have something tasty on tap.  Also a nice selection of wines. Best time to go there is when they do not have events as the staff generally consists of two people who simply are overwhelmed.  They did a poor job in planning this place or staffing it as it is horrible when it is crowded.  Can take close to 30 minutes to get a beer.  Plenty of food options in the store. There is also something odd about drinking in a grocery store.
4	It does seem a bit strange to be drinking in the back corner of a supermarket, but nonetheless it was an enjoyable experience. The Watering Hole is a bar inside the Whole Foods Market in Chandler.  I came for a beer event, Pitcher of Nectar Distributing had the owner and head brewer from Ass Kisser Ales on hand and they were hosting a sample tasting of their more popular beers.  Yeah, the place did seem a little overwhelming because of the crowd, but I thought the staff handled it very well and were quick on their feet.  It took me less than 5 minute to get a drink because I went to the bar and ordered it, I didn't sit on my ass and wait for service.  I had a chance to talk to the bartender a bit on this Friday night, he was friendly and seemed to know what he was talking about when it came to craft beer. He was really enjoying the event I believe.I had never been in this store prior to this event, but I feel motivated to go back for a closer look....at the market and at the rest of the beer list at the bar.
5	Amazing deals! Incredible selection of craft beers on tap & wines by the glass. Wine Wed means $5 wines PLUS a generous cheese plate per person with first glass. Tell James what your tend to like & he will set you up. The ambiance of this corner of Whole Foods is so good that you will forget you are in a grocery store (especially after a couple of James' generous glasses). 3 flat screens play sports, & you can browse and buy LOTS of different ready-made foods in the food court for nosing with your drinks.
5	This place is amazeballs if you love craft beer! You have to check it OUT!
5	Best beer selection in the valley. Best prices by far too!
4	Love the special events here! Master tappist James Swan is great. So odd being at a bar in a grocery... oh well, I like to eat some BBQ from down the isle.
5	Who the heck goes to a grocery store to find a bar and drink some excellent craft beer anyways?  ME!  This place is great.  I can't believe I just found this gem.  Taps are rotating and seem to always have a great variety.  Their bottle selection (in the store) is amazing!  Get here.  The one thing is you can't walk around the store with your beer like many other Whole Foods, but oh well.
5	A bar inside a grocery store, what more do you want? People watching, craft beer, any food you want to bring to the bar top, sign me up! Yeah it maybe in a grocery store and people are weird but isn't that the point of foodie/organic places? Solid over all. Come here and you'll come back guaranteed.
4	I was impressed.  A large selection of craft Draft beers.  Tip the bartender well, there are just a a dozen tables.  It's a bar inside a grocery store.  Friends grabbed a late breakfast from the meat department and joined us.
5	They have a large selection of both beer and wine to choose from. The unique atmosphere makes it fun. It's a great place for winding down after work, and they have a surprisingly good happy hour. I love the fact that you can choose any food in the store to pair with your wine/beer.
4	Place was ok good selection of beer but location is a lil stupid i meen its in a grocery store so kinda weird also people were rude and unhelpful
5	Having 20+ beers on tap to choose from and countless wines is always a plus in my world. Having a bar close to where my husband gets his hair cut is another plus. Pick up a snack and maybe a meal grab a beer or wine pick your poison and grab a seat. Staff is knowledgable and friendly and people watching is a ten here.
