5	At last, after years of bad, mean and rough dentists, an office that is amazing!My parents have been going to Dr. Walker for about 12 years and have always been happy.  My insurance never worked with his office until recently.  I went in for tooth that had been badly mangled by several dentists, convinced he was going to have to pull it - which is one of my major phobias, I like my teeth in my mouth thank you very much.  Instead, he was able to put a crown on, and save my smile!The staff is soothing, and always explain everything to you prior to starting.  They have a great DVD system, where you can pick a specific movie to watch.  I was able to get ignore the long (but painless) process of the crown buildup by watching "Finding Nemo" - and they had many other titles to choose from.Also had them do my cleanings, no guilt trips about flossing, but a pretty smile when I walked out.
1	I went to Dr. Walker for a long time. I thought Dr. Walker was a good dentist until I changed dentists. I had an issue with the front receptionist(his wife) who kept telling me I had a deductible to pay. Least to say - one phone call from me to my insurance company(which the receptionist could have done) was all that was needed to clear up the confusion.  By that time I was pretty ticked by the way the receptionist treated me so I decided to go with another dentist that was recommended to me by a friend.Problem started when I went to the new dentist to have two cavities filled that Dr. Walker advised me of at my last cleaning(1 month prior).  Well it turns out I had 8 cavities and one was from a prior fill that Dr. Walker had completed approximately two years before. I understand missing one cavity but 6 others? Are you kidding me?! Not only that but I went for a second opinion to make sure I wasn't being fooled but modern-day medical over diagnosis. That dentist also confirmed the truth - 8 cavities and a possible root canal if the prior cavity filled was too deep to fix. Not only did they show me the x-rays but also the photos of the black holes and pits.  Several had been there for more than 6 months and probably more than a year. And I go to the dentist every 6 months - I like my teeth clean and that awesome feeling that there are no icky cavities. Just an FYI - Dr. Walker said I had stains on my teeth and they were definitely not stains. I felt mortified going to two different dentists and having them tell me my prior dentist wasn't telling me everything.
5	I have been going to Dr. Walker's office since I was 5 years old. Almost 15 years! I literally am excited to go to the dentist because they are like family to me. Kelly (the receptionist and Dr. Walker's wife) is such a doll and watched my crying baby while I got my teeth cleaned! She had to take her in the bathroom because she was crying so hard! And she was so sweet about it! Very understanding! The hygienist is also very fun and spunky. Overall, just a very lovable, disarming group of people. I have always left the dentist feeling good about it. I remember when I was little Dr. Walker used to call the nitrus oxide mask thing "Ms. Piggy nose." For a 5 year old to not be scared to go to the dentist, you know you are doing something right! I just sincerely love this practice. I will go here as long as I live in the Phoenix area and so will my children!
5	Best dentist in town! Great office and staff. You feel right at home.
