5	Absolutely beautiful.  This restaurant is on the very top of the M Resort and Casino on Las Vegas Blvd's south end.  The atmosphere is nice, with a modern look with a lemon-tree motif.  The waitstaff was dressed nicely in a modern style, and we were treated very well.  This place takes reservations, and does get full, so try to get there on time.  The first step is to enter from the ground floor in a private elevator that goes straight to the top.  The hostess upstairs checks you in, and you are seated at your table.  The restaurant is rather slim, so as to maximize the view of the Las Vegas valley.  The windows are all panoramic floor-to-ceiling, and the booths are faced to the window a little further back, and the free tables are right up against it.  They have lounge-like chairs around shorter tables, more for drinking and appetizers, and regular height tables and chairs for dinner guests.  They also have a bar and wine is served by the ounce using an enomatic system and a smart card.  Basically you get a card and put a certain amount of money in it, and then you can sample several kinds of wines yourself by placing your glass under the spout, swiping the card, and then choosing the amount.  This is great for tasting lots of different kinds of wine without feeling self-conscious about a snooty sommlier telling you what's good and what sucks.  The menu is simple, and offers a few choices for food.  They have sushi rolls at a reasonable price ($9-$15), and nigiri that's a little bit more than usual.  The sashimi is less than usual, I'd say.  We sampled the M Roll and the Volo roll, and both were amazing.  Be aware the M Roll does not have fish in it, if you're a fish lover.  We also had the pleasure of trying the opakapaka nigiri, which was absolutely to die for...  Fresh and delicious and a totally unique flavor.  Highly recommended.  The entrees were good, as well, and were not too pricey.  The most expensive thing (barring market price items) was probably under $40, and I believe that was the filet mignon.  It was the birthday of one of our party, and while they don't sing or anything, they do give you a free dessert.  We had the tiramisu, and it was exceptional as well.  By the time our dinner was over, the sun was setting, and the lights were turning on.  It was a beautiful sight.  With a friendly atmosphere (albeit somewhat crowded, on a Friday night), courteous service, beautiful view, and excellent food, Veloce Cibo is a place to take someone you want to impress.  And you won't break the bank doing it.
5	I was nervous about trying out this schizophrenic restaurant... what is it? A steak house? An italian place? A sushi restaurant? Tapas? HUH?  I thought  the sushi/continental/steak/italian concept was stupid and could never work... they proved me wrong!I went here for a work dinner. The place was packed on a Wednesday night (a good sign!). The views were incredible and the restaurant is incredibly well designed. It's a huge place, but honestly every seat has a great view. Watching the sunset and seeing the lights come on on the strip was awesome from their vantage point . Loved it. Service was also divine. Now on to the important stuff... the food..Sushi: I was blown away by the freshness of their fish. I expected crap, but was pleansantly surprised. Not fishy.. not mushy.. just awesome. They had a surf & turf roll on special. Spicy tuna covered in seared kobe steak. Awesome!! Appetizers/tapas/"sharing plates": We only tried the kobe sliders. I've had so many awesome sliders in this town, that I can say these were great, but I honestly prefer the ones at Hanks better. However, they were served with amazing shoestring sweet potato fries..! I'd order them again for sure. "Large plates": I ordered the black truffle chicken breast. The sauce.. the chicken... it was all perfection! I sampled my coworker's ribeye.. tender, well prepared, and tasty. Mac and cheese was creamy, but not too heavy.Desserts: The little mini donuts were kinda a disappointment to be honest.. skip those!Price: A great value!! With entrees ranging from $19-$35 it's quite "reasonable" for Vegas. Sashimi was $6-$9 for 3 pieces, sushi rolls were in the $7-$15 range, Chimay was $6/bottle, etc. Hardly cheap, but when you're looking to splurge you definitely get a good value for your money here!!
1	All of the dishes were overpriced and underseasoned.  The place was half full even though the hostess said there was an hour and a half wait.  Seems like they're trying to drum up a buzz for this overly conceived douche-o-rama.  The  food was cold, flavorless, and uninspired.  Absolutely underwhelming.  (yawn.)
3	Since my family lives in Vegas, we decided to give the M a shot. The resort/casino itself is brand new as of 09 and very nice. Reminds me a lot of the Red Rock. Almost feel like it was catering towards the locals. We took the evaluator up to the 16th floor and we were greeted by a strange design choice. The entire ceiling was covered in this sorta cheesy lemon tree wall paper and it didn't go with anything else in the place. We wait for a table and get seated. What is nice about this place, it's way up on the upper floors and the M itself is situated outside of town facing the strip and old road into town. We get a table in the center of the restaurant and notice the place is empty at around 6pm. We ask to be seated at the window (mind you there are like 20 open tables) and the waitress give us the run around! We finally ask more wait staff until the manager lets up sit by the window. The menu is pretty inclusive. We tried the sushi, burgers and lettuce wraps. The food was good and I liked that they did have a variety. The drinks were pretty good too. I'd suggest this place to anyone, just call ahead and ask SPECIFICALLY for a window seat since it's soooo special.
5	where do i start?the breathtaking view?the friendly staff?the interior design?the food.... oh yea, the great food!the first time i went i had the marinated new york strip.... perfectly cookedmedium rare. with lobster bisque (a special). my wife had tons of sushi which she said was so fresh it fell apart. and another app.the second time i went i had the roasted chicken breast. ... perfect.i had this with potstickers as an app.the second time i went.... a buddy of mine inquired about what camewith the chicken - the sauce etc etc and the exec chef came out andchatted with us!? i mean, we weren't 'vips' ...you know...just regular folk...and we had a fantastic conversation with him. he used to workat the bellagio etc etc... he was telling us how many coversthey are doing and how popular it's become...no wonder.i've experienced two perfectly served dinners and the wait staff wasvery nice and engaging.... they do get busy so it's understandable towait an extra minute or two during the busy times but who care...theview of the strip is awesome.if you're unsure of where to eat tonight...come here. i promiseyou you will have a great time....and you know what's best...?when you get your bill you won't feel like you were ripped off.(in vegas...this tends to happen if you're not wise)to give you an idea...birthday dinner night out with the wife. including one $17 glass of champagne:  $108!!3 guys out for a 'send off' party. 3 dinners. 1 app. 4 drinks. 2 desserts.: $133.see... in vegas...where are you going to get this kind of value andguaranteed good time and romantic view?enjoy.
3	Veloce's dining room is sleek, melding Japanese and Italian design, and overlooks the hotel pool with a view of the Strip in the distance.  There are murals of lemon trees, reminiscent of the lemon groves in Sorrento, a sushi bar and spacious bar area.  The menu reflects fusion of Italian and Japanese and consists of sushi, steaks, fish, and pastas - all a la carte.  Our party ordered sushi rolls, rib eye steak, fried rice, steamed sea bass, chicken lettuce wraps, calamari, steamed dumplings, kobe sliders, baked ziti, and rigatoni bolognese.   Everyone enjoyed their dishes, though I thought the pasta was a bit overcooked.  For dessert, we ordered tiramisu (underwhelming), white chocolate cheesecake (very good), and chocolate cake (also very good).  Veloce is a decent value and less expensive than many other Strip restaurants, though this is nowhere near the Strip.  The food is solid, and if you live near the M resort, this is a good option.  Coming from NW Vegas, I would not go out of my way and drive 45 min. to go back.
3	This restaurant was on top of the hotel. as we arrived at the top we had to wait for our host to sit us. We went and sat in the patio for awhile. The view from up there was great. We were seated all the way in the back near the window. My bf was telling me that a lot of ppl were pissed because they had to wait for so long and they didn't understand why this place was even booked. This place was huge. Most of the tables were not even filled. Now we know why ppl are upset. We tired to make a reservation here instead of Terzetto but they next available time was 930pm. It was just too late. It was kind of odd when i looked at their menu. A little bit of every fusion. They had sushi and pasta. They even had artichoke dip (that was odd in the menu). My bf didn't really get any large dishes. He only ordered sushi and sharing plates. The only thing i ordered from the large plates was the pumkin and butternut ravoli. For sushi we got the volo roll which was not that good, the sauce was too sweet. we got the toro sashimi and that was pretty good, it melted in your mouth. Potstickers was like every other ones i had eaten before. i wouldn't get that. Crispy calamari was really good. Crispy and cooked. So we finished all our little plates and i didn't eat much since i ordered the ravoli. We waited and waited and i think the waiter forgot about it because he came to our table and asked if we would like to order any large plates. I said we already did. We had to wait for about 10-15 mins for it. But hey it was worth it. I loved it. Plus we waited for the screen to open up so we can see the view from outside. That was awesome.
4	I felt like we were on a ride at disneyland going into this place.  You check in on the casino floor, and then you enter this beautiful hallway that leads up to an elevator.  Then, you go up to the 16th floor where the restaurant is.  Awesome.  Beautiful.  The strip is actually peaceful looking from this point of view.  You can see the entire valley from up there.We are sat at a window table and handed our menus with the name VELOCE engraved into a metal plate on the front. The choices range from sushi to baked potatoes, to steaks and seafood.  I like this because some of my friends aren't really into sushi, so they could still come and enjoy.They serve up the sushi "family style" on one big plate for everyone to feed off of.  The nigiri yellowtail I had was very good, but at $14 for 2 pieces, it better be.  I also had miso soup that was pretty damn good. The service was awesome.  The food took a while to come out but there was no way I was in a hurry with such a beautiful view.  The bathrooms were very modern and classy.  There was a lemontree theme throughout the place that I didn't really understand ... but cool looking, nonetheless.I can't wait to come back.Downfalls are that not all seats are window seats.  A little on the pricey side too.Fun fact: Veloce means "food fest" in italian.
4	While staying at The M for our wedding anniversary, we decided to take advantage and roam the property seeking out all the happy hour deals they're each restaruant is having this summer.  We took the elevator up to Veloce Cibo, and sat out on the patio.  I felt it was a very nice AND quiet place to enjoy a cocktail and a view of the strip, which can be hard to find in LV.  Inside the bar was a different story, as many singles were out and about doing there thing.  Single?  Gotta check it out...We were late night diners this evening, but we had a great table by the window inside the main dining room.  Our waiter was attentive, took our order quickly, and delivered them accurately.  The steak was cooked perfectly to medium rare, and the sides, which were really my main meal, were divine.  I've posted some pictures up - tempura green beans, fried rice, and szechuan eggplant.  We had a delicious meal, a beautiful view, and a romantic setting at this quiet seclusion.
5	LOUNGE/BARVery modern and hip, very M.  Veloce Cibo is located on the 16th floor and boasts some beautiful views of the city, either from its outdoor patio or window-side lounge/dining tables.  If you are interested in having a window-front dining experience, reserve your table in advance, otherwise you'll have to be patient for one to open up.  We went on a Tuesday night, so I knew it wouldn't be too busy.  It took about 20 minutes for a window table to open up.  Meanwhile, we enjoyed some drinks in the lounge.  I ordered a Hypnotiq martini and the bf had a glass of Conundrum=$18, not bad!  In the lounge, their menu does have appetizers!DININGThe hostess informed us our table was ready.  We took our drinks over.  We were immediately served a basket of breads and flat breads with butter.  The view is beautiful; from where we were sitting, you could see the hustle and bustle of the strip, yet we were so far away, it all looked so peaceful; from a closer perspective, we could see all of the M's different levels (outdoor patios) from which diners/drinkers can have a similar view.Our server was pleasant and didn't mess anything up!  Although the swiss cheese fondue was not on the dining menu, I did notice it was on the bar/lounge menu.  Whoo hoo, our server brought it out to us for an appetizer!  It was swiss cheesy with a slight sweet taste.  It was served with sauteed mushrooms, raw broccoli, and cubed bread--yum!!  The bf also ordered some other starters such as sushi (me no eat water-living creatures), he said it was fresh.  For a large plate, he ordered the butternut squash pumpkin raviolli complete with sage butter.  I tried some of his, delish!   Last but not least, I ordered the filet mignon, medium-well (me like moo moo).  I requested to not have the bleu cheese crust (yuck).  When my steak came out, omg, it was PERFECT in every way!!!!!!!!!  Also on the plate were four perfectly sauteed asparagus stalks!  Back to the filet, it sat atop of a port reduction which reminded me of a demi glaze (yummo).  Needless to say, the port reduction was a perfect compliment to the filet.  Did I mention the filet, reduction, and asparagus were amazing...some of the best ever consumed by this Asian.  Just an FYI, I had the filet downstairs @ Terzetto's and it was just okay, maybe a choice cut--not nearly as good as Veloce's which was definitely a prime cut.  Our accompaniments were macaroni & cheese and yukon mashed potatoes.  I tried a few bites of the mac & cheese and it had a nice crust of garlic atop of it.  Pretty yummy!  I didn't have much of it, nor did I even try the mashed potatoes because I was so entranced by the filet.  At least we had leftover side dishes!CONCLUSIONVeloce Cibo has an array of different style menu items.  As other Yelpers have noted, the menu is whacky with all of the different cuisines (yet no soups).  However, EVERYTHING we had on our table was made with quality ingredients and cooked perfectly.Our bill was $125 + a $25 tip.  Well worth it!!!!  For a breakdown of prices:Filet Mignon $40Butternut Squash Pumpkin Raviolli $23Mac & Cheese $8Yukon Gold Mashed $8Swiss Fondue $ ???Sushi--two rolls $ ???We'll be back, that's a promise not a threat!
3	The best thing about this place is the view, the worst is prob the service.  We came here unexpectedly, we were supposed to go to the buffet but it was so packed we had to go somewhere else and the at place was Veloce on the 16th floor of the new M Resort in Vegas:) Anyway, I think it is still in a little funk because it just opened, but I can see it getting really popular really soon.  We were seated immediately, but we were waiting a while for our server:(  You have a view anywhere you sit here...an AMAZING view, it's like they picked the perfect spot for this hotel just so they could have that kickin view of the Vegas strip.  There are also tables right next to the windows, but we were seated towards the back.  We started off our meal with a very yummy complimentary assortment of breads.  To drink we ordered 2 bottles of Sparkling water, and for our meal we just decided to share a bunch of different plates.  We ordered the Sushi pizza which was decent pita bread spread and raw tuna, the Caprese salad: also decent, Beef Carpaccio: Very Yummy, the Surf and Turf Roll: good, the Tuna Tartare: good, and I think thats all I can't remember!  We ended up spending about $110 and we were still hungry.  I would come here again on a date or for a special girls night or to the bar area (which btw, has a very cute but small outdoor patio), but that's about it.
5	It was a very "happy" hour simply because they have the best $10 sushi-for-two deal ever.  It's the size of two gigantic rolls, but it includes fresh nigiri, sashimi, and a good variety of other stuff.  Pair this with bogo martini's and it's a great way to unwind after a hard days work.  The view is fantastic also - but I'm such a sucker for good cheap food that I don't think it would have mattered if this place was in a dark basement for me.
5	I have been to Veloce's a half a dozen times and I think it is the best restaurant in the M.  The ambiance and food quality/presentation is great.  The service is friendly and attentive.  Lastly, as some reviewers note their package represents a good value for Vegas and you can avoid going to the Strip.
4	Veloce wasn't very busy on the Saturday night that I went. I was 15 minutes late for my reservation but they didn't seem to care. I was still seated right away and got a table by the window. Our server (Nicolo? Nicoli?) was great -- friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. The decor is trendy/modern/chic. The tables along the windows are 4-tops. The ones in the middle of the restaurant are communal tables or tables meant for larger groups. The restaurant itself is rather narrow but long, with a bar on one end. I was expecting a fusion restaurant when I heard that the cuisine was a mix of asian, Italian, and American food. But, that wasn't the case at all. No attempts to fuse flavors and ingredients from different regions. Just a lot of different stuff on the menu. Here's what we got:Amuse bouche - opa on some sort of cracker. I wasn't paying attention to our server when he was explaining it. It wasn't bad, a little chewy but not bad at all.Edamame - a little too spicy for my tasteYellowtail nigiri - the cut of fish was a little on the small side, but the quality of it was outstanding. Tuna nigiri - like the yellowtail it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.Prosciutto and melons - when I saw this on the menu I pictured something really creative with the prosciutto, melons, and figs. But when it came out it was just the separate ingredients laid out on the plate. As a stand alone dish it would be considered disappointing, but when eaten with some of the spicy dishes we ordered it was very refreshing.Surf and turf roll - the best thing we had all night! A spicy tuna roll w/ kobe beef on top. They were a little heavy-handed with the sauce. The flavors of the tuna and beef could have stood out on their own without drowning it in sauce. But still a fabulous dish.Crab cakes - made up of big chunks of crab meat w/ little filler, these things were tasty. The corn sauce that accompanied it was great. We didn't have any room to try their desserts but we'll be back. Overall, the food was very good and reasonably priced. Our total came out to be around $150.
3	You don't have a lot of options if you're staying at the M -- that said, Veloce Cibo is a solid choice. Nice view of the Strip off the distance, trendy vibe and a menu that'll work for everyone. If you want to go the tapas route, I would order a couple of items per person. Or skip the food altogether and just have a liquid dinner, cuz drinks are pretty reasonable!
4	The food was good. The taste & quality of the food was fantastic.Apps: calamari, yellow fin sashimi. Entrees: Seared ahi tuna, short ribs, bone in rib eye Sides: Mushrooms & garlic snap peas Drinks: 3 glases of wine & 1 cocktail. Cost $200 before tip.  Great value!The view was breathtaking. The service was a touch off because it was very slow.  However they were professional & accommodating.
5	I LOVE Sushi! This might be a biased opinion... GREAT views! Trendy!!!While waiting to be seated - there's a great bar overlooking the M pool, mountains, & the Strip in the distance! Try their Marnell Merlot / Cabernet Reserve... nice choice!  The place is huge inside - great for big parties, however, you might want to speak with the wait staff - they took quite a long time to serve once we got in - when you have many hungry people - you might have some tipsy ones while you wait...Be sure to add this one to your list - You Sushi lovers!your constant companion,~deirdra
5	I am giving Veloce 5 stars for 2 things. One: This is the best view in all of Las Vegas. You can see from Green Valley to Summerlin, the entire strip, and everything in between.Two: the surf and turf roll is the best sushi roll I've ever had, thanks to the thin slice of kobe beef carpaccio on top.Veloce is a bit out of my everyday price range, but for a dirty martini with a sexy date on the couch outside it is perfect! This is such a fun spot to bring friends on warm summer nights to sit outside, enjoy, the view, and have a couple cocktails.
2	Well, What can you say if a casino's "Fine Dining", cannot deliver better food than it's buffet. Pretty sad. Best view in Vegas , no way ! That title hands down goes to the Stratosphere. Nice view of the valley, sure. The sushi was poor at best. The Kobe slider tasted like a mini burger at jack in the box . I had to saw through my rack of lamb, which had no flavor and was Tough as hell. I have been going to the M since it opened, and wanted to give this place time to iron out the kinks, what a disappointment. If I owned the M , I would find out who runs the buffet, transfer him and a few chefs upstairs , send the cook that is there now, downstairs where he can deep fry shrimp, happily ever after.
4	GET THE JALAPENO POPPERS!They are filled with spicy tuna (sushi style) and cream cheese, and are battered with tempera and wholly mother of jalapeno spicy goodness they are awesome!  It's like $15 for 3 of them which I would normally think is insane but they are so damn good I would consider paying $20.  Actually, I should figure out how to do them myself. But I'm too lazy.  Back to the points...-Jalapeno poppers are a MUST.-Crab cakes kinda sucked-Mac and Cheese was AWESOME-Fire roll was pretty standard sushi roll, nothing exciting-Sashimi style tuna was pretty good, kinda pricey for the small amount you get and a little too much mayo sauce for me.Service was awesome as usual.  Time it right and you get a beautiful view of the sun setting on the las vegas strip.  There's a bar to the side of the restaurant if you just want to come up for a drink and check out the view, it's worth it!
4	So we were at the M resort and wanted to snack.  We went to Veloce and the view was AMAZING!  Here is what we have ordered-Salmon Sashimi (Very fresh)-Beef Carpaccio (I don't remember...)-Crab Cakes (had better when my friend made it)-Scallops (AMAZING, the fusion worked so well)I would definitely come back for the salmon and scallops.  The price was decent for such a magnificent view, fresh fish, and super flavorful scallops.
5	I went there on my birthday and everything was great. The mozzarella caprese was so fresh and the heirloom tomatoes were delicious. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly. And the spicy eggplant side, dont miss it!The server was prompt and personable.
5	Had dinner two nights ago at Veloce.... What a hidden little gem of a restaurant it is.  Veloce sits on the top floor of the M resort and offer an amazing unrestricted view of Las Vegas.  Our waiter Matt was very friendly and attentive along with the rest of the staff.The menu is a fusion menu that has sections for sushi/sashimi, small plates, large plates, and dessert.  The decision on food was small plates:- Beef Carpaccio- Macadamia Nut Crusted Scallops- Kobe Beef SlidersAll three dishes were amazing and bold in flavor.  There was plenty of food and the price was justified.  I felt Veloce was probably one of the better restaurants I've been to in a while and I savored every minute I was there.  I will be back soon!
2	I am usually very impressed by the M so this venue surprised me.  I didn't eat dinner but I did check out their happy hour at the bar.  They were promoting sushi and dim sum for 2 for $10.  A friend ordered the sushi and I had the dim sum.  The sushi plate was an amazing deal for the price.  The dim sum not so much.  I probably would have had better pot stickers anywhere else.  On top of everything our waitress was horrible.  I ordered sangria thinking I was going to get the 2 for 1 deal but I since I asked for my second one after 7 happy hour was over.  If I could find her I probably would have asked for my second one during happy hour.  I would go again if I had a different waitress, order the sushi, and enjoy the view.
3	My friend is a big fan of M since he moved to Vegas so insisted that we check out Veloce.  This review is only for Bar Veloce since we didn't stay for dinner.The view is definitely great.  You look at the strip from a distance, overlooking a gorgeous pool area.  The restaurant space has this serene, respectful feeling.  Definitely makes a vacation relaxing.  There is also an outdoor patio sits on top of a corner of the building where the smokers gather...Overall I think it's a nice place to chill and enjoy.
3	The Skinny: inconsistent quality between dishes confirms the restaurant's lack of identity (3.5) service: fantastic server who was prompt and attentive (4.5) value: for the quality of the cuisine, the food is overpriced.You can't get a better view of the Strip and the mountains behind it than at Veloce Cibo. My food loving heart plummeted. The rule is if the view is fantastic, the food can't be that good.At first we were torn between the happy hour (dim sum plate/sushi plate for 2 at $10; they also had a chicken wings special at the same price and a Sangria special) and the main dining room. Ultimately, we chose the dining room because I had a hankering for the butternut squash ravioli.We ordered three shared plates: popcorn shrimp with thai chili sauce($12), kobe beef sliders with shoe string fries ($16) and a spinach salad ($12). We avoided the sushi because we saw another table's order (the rolls are overloaded with too much sauce!).Of the three, the best was the spinach/goat cheese/almond salad. Albeit being overdressed, the flavours were pleasant and a nice way to start the meal.The popcorn shrimp had a similar coating to fried calamari. The coating was not as crispy as we would have liked and unfortunately, the dish was not as well-drained, sporting some grease on the bottom of the plate.The kobe beef sliders had too much char on them which overwhelmed the flavour of the beef. The accompanying fries had a lot of pepper on top (even for my hubby who sprinkles pepper on EVERYTHING!) and were soggy.We ordered the braised short rib ($36) with horseradish crust and parsnip mash and the butternut squash ravioli($24). By far the best dish of the night, the butternut squash ravioli had the best flavour. Loved the mixture of the light cream sauce with the carrot ginger puree underneath. My only gripe is the pasta could have been a little thinner, and the filling be less compact.The braised short rib was okay. It was a rather large size piece of meat which is unfortunate because it rendered some of it a slightly drier than other parts. The sauce was good but the horseradish crust was definitely overhanded. The parsnip mash lacked adequate amounts of parsnips - composed mostly of mashed potatoes with bits of parsnips mixed in.We skipped on dessert after a lackluster experience at Terzetto's and they have the same desserts anyway throughout the resort.Overall, some hits and misses - would get a 3.5 star review.
5	How can you pass up a fantastic dinner complimented with an amazing view. There is nothing like the view from The M's Veloce Cibo! Overlooking the Las Vegas strip- there is nothing else like it. The food is delicious. Great deal for the quality of food, view and decor!
4	They have lost a a star as my most recent visit shows that they have changed chefs a couple of times...
4	If you are looking for delicious appetizers and breath taking views, look no further.
4	Happy hour is gold...$10 each for s sushi platter for two, kobe beef sliders, dim sum, chicken lettuce wraps, and calamari...yummm!Plus I got to drink my girly drinks -strawberry caipirinha and purple haze :)
5	We had dinner here to celebrate my husband's birthday. Its one of his fave places because the view cannot be beat and the service is fantastic! It is absolutely GORGEOUS there!!! Veloce overlooks the pool and The Strip and once the sun sets and the lights start to twinkle you really feel like all really is well in the world!  We had an eclectic group of friends and family, all ordering very differently and the waiter handled us very well! The busgirl was fab too, refilling the bread and water many times.My husband had the crab cakes and I had the M Girl Roll and both were delish! Of course, I enjoyed one of my fave Chardonnay's from the region of Carneros (one of the BEST regions for Chardonnay and Pinot Noir in California) and the waiter and staff even cut his cake (we brought it from the outside, with permission, of course)and served it for us! Once again The M Resort has done a great job! ;-)
4	I came here because Studio Buffet was packed and I was pleasantly surprised.  The elevator takes you up to the very top and when the doors open you feel like Alice in Wonderland...it's dark, sensual and inviting.  The view of Vegas in the distance is a great backdrop while dining.We sat at the bar and watched knicks vs heats game for happy hour.Tomato and buffalo mozzarella salad was delicious!  Slices of red and yellow tomatoes with thick slices of soft cheese and the balsamic vinegar was made into a sweet glaze.  It came with these crunchy flattened parmesean cheese crisps.  Order this!Kobe sliders and fries were good.  Fries are shoe strings which I don't like because they tasted like chips.  They give you 2 sliders for$ 10 happy hour.Sushi platter for 2 really should be for 1 because you're going to have to fight for them rolls!  I expected it to be typical cheap fish but the pieces were fresh and rolls enjoyable.  This too $10.Shrimp cocktail came with 4 gigantic shrimps.  Can't go wrong but $15?!I give em 3.5.  Spending $60 here felt like a ripoff because I can't help but to compare em to the buffet downstairs which is so much cheaper for quadruple the amount of food.But Veloce has a nice ambiance and smoking patio outside for those who wanna just go check it out =)
1	This used to be one of my absolute favorite restaurant in Vegas. I can't tell you how many people I have sent there. I have eaten here at least a dozen times. So why the 2 stars? The last 2 visits have been awful! The food quality has gone down dramatically and the service has went to shit. If you want to charge me $40 for an entree, you better have the proper service that is expected at that price point. I really think since the economy in Vegas has gone bad these places have cut back on food quality and servers to make up the difference. Screw that! You won't be getting my money and good riddance when you go out of business. I work hard for my money and I expect others to work hard for me when I spend it!I hope that this place can get it back together. They have one of the nicest views in Vegas and a great variety on their menu. I will have to hear it from someone else though because I will not waste any more money on a bad meal.
5	Venture up to the top of the M Resort and give the Beef Carppaccio a try. I know- raw beef....eeeekkk! I thought the same thing, buch on of the waiters offered to buy it for us if inded I didn't like it. So we gave it a shot. I was extremely learly- and seriously heistated to take the first bite. One word- YUM! The beef literally melts in your mouth. It's delicately topped with shaved truffles, and truffle oil. The carppaccio is accompied by a mixed green salad and a pickled (maybe) mushroom blend. Its really delicious, I crave this dish. A major plus, there was no wait at all for a table in the bar, and there is a 24/7 happy hour at The M Resort right now, and it's going on through the entire resort. Every drink we had was $5 regardless of the alcohol we chose. My fiance had a Grey Goose Martini for $5. Did I forget to mention the view! It's incredible, miles of the strip, completely unubstructed! Don't miss this gem in the desert!
4	My boyfriend and I stopped by Veloce to have a drink before our Valentine's Day dinner at Terzetto. We loved the view and our Sangria was great! I would love to go back to try their food.
5	Please treat yourself to a fabulous dinner and nice views of Las Vegas. I think more people need to know about this place and take advantage of Veloce Cibo. Exceptional service; delicous cuisine; tasty items; reasonable price points! A menu FULL of surprises. We had a lovely dinner for four and I can't wait to go back. The dining rooms at Veloce Cibo are modern, sophisticated and elegant. I was highly impressed with the friendly staff, the items that flowed from the kitchen and the presence of management. This is a GEM on the 16th floor. Very romantic, too!
5	Thinking about having a rehearsal dinner, cocktail reception or wedding event? Look into Veloce Cibo! Extremely helpful staff; great food; inviting atmosphere; beautiful decor. Check it out!!! Highly recommend!
4	Janis Joplin sang, "Get it while you can."  The bargains at Veloce won't last forever.  From $5 drinks to sushi or dim sum plates for $10 in the bar, there aren't many better happy hours in the Valley.  We're Henderson locals, so we're there a couple times a month.  Last night, we visited with a couple from L.A. on a quick get-away.  Carl at the bar is a gentleman and his accommodation to taste is terrific, adjusting my wife's margarita to suit her.  The sushi plates were perfectly adequate for a light meal while watching the NBA playoffs.  No better view in town with an outdoor patio for lounging and viewing, weather permitting.  What's not to like?
5	hi, my name is sheri. please allow me to give you a verbal tour through veloce cibo. ;) the ohana were fans way before i even discovered the breath taking views, delectable grub, great service, and unique design this place has to offer. the restaurant has it's own elevators which escort you to the 16th floor. if you see lemon trees everywhere you know you are at the right place. this caught me off guard at first and i didn't know what to think, but it has grown on me after my third visit. the architecture is absolutely beautiful and the dinning rooms are separated by glass (30 guests per room) so one can get a more intimate feel. when the sun goes down and the strip lights up, it's definitely a sexy view. as far as the food is concern, since i don't eat meat and the occasional seafood, i have only been able to enjoy the sushi, salads, and array of bread. sheri's picks:the M Girl Roll - $15Godzilla Roll - $16Spinach Salad - $12Big Eye Tuna Tartare - $15Stir Fried Eggplant - $8there are tons more i would suggest, but let's start off easy. my family loves the Braised Short Ribs - $36. the service has always been more than wonderful every visit. from the moment we walk up to the hostess counter to the moment we leave tip they are always super attentive, friendly, and accommodating. Mahalo Veloce Cibo!
3	I like the design of the restaurant and the M Resort in general. But the food just falls short.They try to run this like a fine dining restaurant but it appears they no longer have the quality of food to do it.  And the staff tries really hard but seems overwhelmed, even when it isn't busy.One thing that really bugged me - we got the dim sum sampler ($16).  About 10 dumplings in a stacked metal steamer, and they did not put the paper in the bottom.  AND they served soup dumplings!  For those not familar, soup dumplings are just what they sound like - they have soup in them.  When you don't put wax paper or some other non-stick material at the bottom of a metal steamer, the dumplings stick. So you have to yank the dumpling off the bottom of the steamer and soup goes everywhere.  Now its just a dumpling skin.  Ugh.The lobster tacos ($21) we got were interesting.  Three tacos in a crunchy shell filled with something that looks like chicken salad, but it's lobster.  It comes with a tiny guacamole shake with a straw.  My husband and I had no problem sharing the tiny shake but I can see that being an issue for less intimate dining companions.  I liked the presentation, but tacos weren't very flavorful.Everything was just ok - from sushi to cocktails.  We did not stay for dessert.  The menu is way to varied for this restaurant to do anything good.  They serve sushi, seafood, Chinese food, Thai food, steaks, etc.  It's just too much.
4	Located on the 16th floor of the M it was a very relaxing restaurant!You have to go to the lobby and take a special elevator to the 16th floor but once you walk in you'll be amazed by the views. It has a direct view to the Vegas strip and during the evenings you'll be very pleased with the views. The sushi is good but not top tier. It has your standard items and a few special hot dishes. You have to try the carpaccio for $15 bucks you can't go wrong.
5	This place is really amazing. I just had my whole wedding here, ceremony and all. The food is just amazing, the service always great and the place, so beautiful. What a wonderful experience I had along with my family and friends. Breathtaking views; nice clean, tidy place, yummy drinks and again, the food....so tasty, so delicious. Go and enjoy yourself. Perfect for large groups or small, one-on-one, intimate dinners. My favorite place in Las vegas (Henderson)...I can't wait to go back!
3	I went to Veloce at the M Resort with some co-workers. It was suppose to be a celebration of my boss and I meeting our quota for the year. I gave this place three stars because it is a beautiful space and the view is awesome. I loved that you walk in and have to take the elevator up to the 16th floor to get to the space. It was happy hour and we ordered drinks. They came and mine wasn't really good. More Coke than Crown. We ordered off of the happy hour menu. The food arrived and it was just enough to feed a baby Hobbit. We got chicken wings and something way to fancy come out. They looked more like chicken knuckles. Portion size was too small for the price. Overall not a bad place to go for a drink but if you are looking to get full on their happy hour menu. You might find yourself looking for a McDonald's Drive thru.
5	It has been about a year since I last dined at Veloce and nothing really has changed.  It is still the same excellent food I have come to expect.The menu is a little different with a few new items. This visit I decided to order from the sharing menu. The buffalo Mozzarella salad is their take on a Caprese and if you have read any of my other reviews you know how much I like Insalata Caprese. The salad was perfect and I really enjoyed the parmesan wafer things. The other dish that I enjoyed was the Veloce poppers, which was a jalapeno stuffed with spicy tuna and tempura fried and topped with what I think was a ponzu glaze. I also had the Chicken and Beef satay which was not really a Japanese fusion dish, but was very well prepared.Veloce has one of the most amazing views of the whole Las Vegas valley. If you are at the M it is well worth just going up and having a drink at the bar and take in the view from the outside deck.
4	Best view in southern vegas for locals, but still expensive...
4	I had been craving sushi so my bf's boss recommended Veloce Cibo to him for us to eat at.  We went for happy hour as it's a pricey restaurant.  (5-7pm on Saturday) The happy hour menu definitely satisfied us.  We both enjoyed:2 Sliders w/string fries $10Sushi platter $10Dim sum $10(And an extra sushi platter as we were famished that day...lol)The variety on the sushi platter catered to my picky asian taste.  It wasn't just a plain california roll, or philly roll.  And whatever sauce they used on the sliders was delicious!Would definitely go back for happy hour again.
5	I knew nothing of this place till my cousins took me (and one of my other cousins) here for our birthdays. It is located at the very top of the M Resort. The decor is beautiful and the view of the strip and the city are even more breathtaking! If the balcony is open, take a step out there and take a picture. It makes for a pretty awesome photo.Now, for the food. They've got something for everyone. We started off with a sushi sampler platter. There were six of us, so it was just enough to start the evening. We then ordered the Kobe Beef Sliders, Macadamia Nut Crusted Scallops, and Chicken & Beef Satay from their sharing menu. We ordered two extra Rainbow Rolls. We, also, got a side of fried rice and their mac n' cheese. We just wanted to try a little bit of everything. All the sushi was fresh. The sliders were to die for... nice & juicy. The satay, eaten with some of the fried rice, was right on. The mac n' cheese was ooey gooey and rich. The scallops came out perfect... I hate how sometimes they're cooked to where they become chewy.To end the evening, one of my cousins and I were each given birthday chocolate covered strawberries. Now, what girl can resist that?! It was a perfect evening at a perfect place with a perfect view and with some of my most favorite people!I enjoyed the experience to so much that when my brother and sister were in town, a few months later, the bf and I took them here. I suggested some of the items that I had on my last visit and we, also, picked out a few new ones (the Surf & Turf roll and Godzilla roll, Veloce Poppers, and their Dim Sum). All and all, everything was fantastic! I was glad that the sibs and the bf enjoyed it.I've yet to go for their happy hour, but I hope that experience is as great as my last two visits.
