3	It's def the better ramen in Montreal that i've had so far.  But i've had better in Vancouver.  The BBQ Porc Ramen i had was good.If the place was more like Kintaro (a true ramen shop IMO, look it up) in vancouver, i would LOVE it.  If they could somehow copy their stuff, it would be amazing.The decor is nice.  It's a really lovely place and service was good.I would go back, but probably not for the ramen.  They have a lot of other stuff on the menu.
1	I had the lunch special: Salmon&Salmon bowl @ hakata ramenSo it looked quite delicious. Deceivingly so. There were just so many problems with this restaurant I *NEED* to rant on how bad it was.1) upon entering, absolutely no-one was there to receive us. i didn't feel welcome. the waiter threw me a sketchy glance at and disregarded me while continuing back towards the kitchen. w t f.2) finally, after getting seated, we did not receive water until 30 minutes later. hmm...3) mayo without further addition of any condiments on my raw salmon cubes is not a "chef's secret sauce". flavourless.4) warm, flavourless, sauceless rice bed sitting underneath my said raw fish. warm sashimi isn't appetizing.i dont like to rant negativity on restaurants, but i really don't want you to waste your money and time on this place. it really was.. that bad. the redeeming factors were the spring roll included in my meal with legit shiitake mushroom, and the freshness of the fish. but.. ruined again by the warmness. from what i heard from the rest of the table, the ramen noodles had the texture and flavour of instant noodles.if you crave good ramen, go to ichiban. kazu. save the trip to sketchy hakata. I have NO Idea why the other guy even gave it 3 stars. it was SO BAD. Ichiban ramen is wayyyy better!!
3	This place is a hop, skip and a jump from my office, so I come here every once in a while for a bowl of ramen on my lunch break. The ramen is tasty and a welcome addition to the food wasteland that is the Golden Square Mile. However, I wouldn't bother ordering anything else here except perhaps the steamed egg, which is quite tasty. Service is very awkward... not necessarily bad, but the staff is a bit... erm... uncomfortable.
2	I had the BBQ pork ramen, which was OK. There's nothing really special about the ramen here. The decor is nice, but the ambience feels a bit dead. I won't be coming back.
3	I am surprised at the reviews for this place.  Potentially, some issues have been addressed.I thought this a solid execution with decent atmosphere.  The ramen i had was prepared aldente, as I like.  I had the Beef Short Ribs Ramen, which is typically quite fatty.  For those desiring leaner cuts don't get this.The broth tasted typical yummy and the egg, seaweed, baby bok choy and corn were a solid combo.For the price, I don't know that it's value.  There weren't an extraordinary amount of noodles which was probably a good thing as I was checking them out as an afternoon snack on my way through town.This is conveniently located next to the Sheraton Centre-Ville and is ideal for Asians stopping through town who want something that is decently good.
4	The food here is very tasty and the prices are affordable ($10-15 with tip for a bowl of ramen, supper time).  The decor is nice and the service is prompt.  The seaweed salad is delicious!Disclaimer: I'm a ramen novice so for those of you looking for the "authentic" ramen experience, check first with some other reviews.  All I can say was that I enjoyed the food.
3	I liked Ichiban to get my ramen fix but they closed down. It was the only place I knew that sold ramen so i went there. But thenHakata Ramen came along.  I've been 2-3 times and it's decent but it could be better. Service is really bizarre. The third time I went, one of the waitresses was very aggressive and her tone of voice was strong, loud, and well...aggressive.  Also sometimes they don't greet you or seem happy. Anyway would go back just to eat ramen because I like it too much
3	After talking to a bouncer at a strip club to find some food, we started to roam the streets and found a ramen spot! Naturally we were excited because we come a place where Sapporo Ramen resides. Although excited, expectations were not high (wish I never had Sapporo because any other ramen house I've tried has been sub par). Anyways upon entering the place, there was a picture of Bradley Cooper and Zoe Salanda, so we thought this place must be good if celebrities ate here. When it finally came down to the food, I ordered the tenderous rib ramen. The pork itself was very tender that fell apart by just poking at it, but the broth was very bland and the noodles were okay. The place is nicely decorated and the prices very reasonable. I'm sure there are better ramen spots in Montreal, but hey they served their purpose and gave me my quick hot soup fix.
4	I've only had the crispy chicken ramen & the fake crab salad, and for those two, I give four stars.  The food was good and the price was acceptable (not the best value, but compared to other places in Montreal, at least their food tasted good)Service was mediocre, but then I wasn't expecting much more anyway.  Overall, this was a good lunch spot for a quick ramen fix.
2	Average ramen and not the greatest service.  Other ramen restaurants were closed so came here for a late dinner.
3	I ate here recently on a little weekend getaway to Montreal.  I had the Hakata Style Crispy Chicken Ramen ($9.95) and my husband had the Garlic Pork Cutlet on Rice ($9.50).  So I specifically told the waitress that I did not want any sesame seeds in my meal.  Guess what?  My ramen came covered in sesame seeds and there were sesame seeds on the side salad next to the chicken (the chicken comes on a separate plate, not in the bowl with the ramen).  I told the waitress that I had asked for no sesame seeds.  She apologized and said that the kitchen must have made a mistake.  So she took my meal back to the kitchen.  In the meantime, my husband's meal came.  He waited a bit, but then was really hungry and so I told him to start without me.  He was almost finished his meal by the time they brought out mine for the second time.  So this time the ramen didn't have any sesame seeds in it, but the salad still had sesame seeds on it.  I was pretty hungry myself at this point and I didn't want to send stuff back a second time, so I just ate the ramen and chicken and gave the salad to my husband.  I told the waitress about the salad and she apologized again, but didn't do anything else about it.  Now for the food itself, I have to say it was quite good.  The ramen had a good chewy texture and the broth was quite flavourful.  The chicken was fried to perfection and was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  My husband's dish was also tasty (I had a piece of the pork cutlet while I was waiting for them to re-do my meal).  The presentation of his dish was pretty.  The rice must have been placed in a mold because it was a cool pyramid shape on the plate, next to the salad.So when I went to pay (the waitress told me to pay at the cash register), the dude at the cash asked me if everything was ok, so I told him about the sesame seed incident and I told him that even second time around, there were still sesame seeds in the salad.  Then he had the gall to say to me that I should have told them that I didn't want sesame seeds in anything at all because they thought that I just didn't want sesame seeds in the ramen.  He said next time I should be clearer with my request.  So my mouth said "ok" but my brain was thinking that there wouldn't be a next time with me in this restaurant, so it doesn't really matter anyway.  It's a pity because the food was quite good.  Had they not made any mistakes or had they made an effort to make it up to me in some way for their error, I would have returned and given them a better rating.  I can't say that service sucked, because the waitress was polite and demure and refilled our water glasses several times without us having to ask.  However, I was disappointed with the way the sesame seed situation was handled by them (especially the dude's comment at the end suggesting it was my fault).So if you have no food allergies or diet restrictions and can eat things exactly the way they appear on the menu, you will be fine.  Otherwise, I don't recommend that you eat here.
3	This place was right around the corner from the Sheraton I was staying in, so I popped in for a visit. I liked the decor, like majority of the Japanese places, it's not huge but the simplicity, minimalist, and attention to detail is comforting. The food was fairly tasty, but nothing exotic or overly impressive. For entree, we got the ramen with spare ribs and chicken katsu with rice. The ribs are cut into smaller pieces and is tender and nicely seasoned, the flavor is on the heavier side but complements nicely with the lightly seasoned ramen. The katsu is slightly crunchy on the outside and tenderly cooked inside. Overall, it was a good, tasty meal, don't expect anything too authentic or dazzling though.
2	Water tasted metallic. Service was quite awkward/inattentive. Ramen noodles were good, but broth was anaemic. Lychee smoothie tasted powdery and artificial.
2	The place looks nice, the menu extensive, the lighting was dark...The plates are actually underwhelming. I went crazy and ordered a whole bunch of appetizers, fried tofu, gyoza, fried chicken wings and shrimp tempura. For mains we ordered one ramen and rice in a stone bowl, kind of like bibimbap.Shrimp  tempura was good, nothing spectacular, the gyoza too, they are basically dip in the sauce stuff and if the texture or taste is off the sauce will save it, lol.The fried tofu, was dipped in bonito flakes which I thought was a nice touch, but the sauce was so bland it tasted like water, seriously they forgot the soy sauce in that one?The fried chicken wings was nice, good taste, texture and sauce, which I kept, hihi. The rice came in a stone bowl and was kept warm the whole time, which is nice. I added some sauce from the chicken wings, and some hot sauce and voila, makeshift bibimbap, otherwise it was a bit bland.The ramen was ok, really nothing special. On the whole, blah, meh.
2	Located upstairs, and free Wifi available.  The ramen was average and the service was slow.  There were 2 servers for the entire restaurant.  The shrimp tempura was good, but the shrimp was the frozen kind which I think got us all sick and running to the bathroom later that night.  This was one of our first meals after arriving to Montreal because we were starving , in need of wifi and wanted something close to our Sheraton hotel.
3	This place is on the second level and bit tricky to find. Interior and decor is excat as DAVID.D mentioned. There are only 2 servers and they doing all the work......First table i sat had a bad smell from cleaning using a dirty cloth...so changed the seat....quantity was its enough for each. Quality wise its not that bad...But I will check other place ...its decent price....but unhappy service ppl.....food came faster....if u can get ur order....Okay place to go with a group of friends and also for couples.....Will revisit just because the price and quality barely passes to be OK....
4	I go to Hakata Ramen fairly regularly, and I don't understand all the negativity being spewed here.  Normally I don't review on Yelp but I think this place deserves much better than the low ratings some have given it.It has a nice atmosphere, the food is consistently of good quality, maybe not mind-blowing but still very good, and definitely good value.  I have eaten several of the ramen dishes (pork, rib, chicken), the gyoza, and the salmon-salmon bowl.  I liked all of them.  The ramen portion is very generous.  Spring rolls were pretty standard.The waiters are quite matter-of-fact and don't pretend to be your best friend like they do in some places, which might put some people off, but I actually prefer it that way.  That said, I haven't been when it is really busy; maybe the service is not great at those times.
3	While the ramen here tastes quite decent, I find that it lacks passion. A ramen broth should be rich, not timidly tasty. The pork slices that come with the ramen should also taste like a marriage between pork and butter, not just pork (although Hakata Ramen does nail down the tenderness factor). The noodles should also be firmer, not flimsy like 2 minute instant noodles. Fnally, the presentation is lazy. The contents of my bowl were all submerged in the broth, with no effort to show to the world which part of the ramen is boss. In short, I would probably go back to try other things, since they have a pretty creative Japanese bistro menu (like fish burger, squid skewers) and the atmosphere was very warm and fun (great as a nightout with friends). But I would take my ramen business elsewhere.
1	I went tonight at this restaurant for the first time, the food was ok. What I really didn't like was the service was terrible, especially the waitress who served us not the young and skinny one but the older one with bangs. There are many places where the ramen and service are way more better. Wouldn't go there anymore.
3	Pretty good ramen, definitely in the top 5 for ramen in Montreal.
4	BBQ porc ramen was okay to good (3.5). I'm a bit new to Japanese ramen so I will have to try more  to know.  The noodles were good.  The porc wasn't a bbq taste tho but overall it was way better than my first ramen experience somewhere else.  I like the upstairs location. Good atmosphere and bit stylish place.
2	We went here because we had a voucher for it, but I wouldn't return. The texture of the noodles were a bit off and the soup was not flavourful.
4	I was dining alone, so I went for the deep fried tofu with bonito flakes for the appetizer and the salmon bowl for the entree. Both where fabulous and the salad within them were both fresh and crisp. I'm a fan.
1	There's nothing authentic about this place.  Don't go, unless you've never had ramen before.  If you've had real authentic ramen before, then stay away.
3	Good selection. Great pork ramen...not sure about the corn in it though. Seafood ramen is good too.
