4	So my dog peed on my bed. I'm not talking about a little pee here, I'm talking about a flood of Biblical proportions. Bitch. Of course I tried cleaning it, following the advice of numerous individuals, pouring, scrubbing and patting with various chemical agents, but nothing worked. Got the stain out, sure, but I could still smell it.Well, I checked out a few other places on my quest for a new mattress before ending up at Bedmart. Should've just come here first. They've got a wide selection (a few actual beds, but mattresses mostly), excellent deals (all their Sealy products are on sale right now - got $200 off the one I bought), free next day delivery (during which they'll take your old mattress away), and super friendly customer service. But best of all, they sell a waterproof mattress protector (made out of cotton so it breathes) large enough to fit over oversized pillow-top mattresses up to 20 inches wide, with a 10 year guarantee. Nice.
2	I purchased my bed at this location just over 1 year ago. The sales guy seemed nice, we tried a bunch of beds, he wasn't pushing me in any expensive direction, and he guaranteed delivery the same day. I paid $800 for a double bed and box spring. One year later and I'm ordering a new bed from someplace else. This is the worst mattress I've ever slept on. I'm not a particularly picky sleeper - even my college dorm mattress was fine. I am sensitive to drooping mattresses and this one felt sunken almost one month out of the gate and after one year I can't take it anymore.  Take a look at any mattress warranty and you'll see that up to 2 INCHES of drooping is considered normal and does not warrant replacement or compensation. Rad. Mattress purchasing is so insanely subjective that I wouldn't dissuade you from shopping at Bedmart; I'm sure someone else could find a bed they love and use for years there.  My own experience is that I wasted $800 with no recourse.
4	While I travel a lot, i couldn't figure out why I was sleeping so well while on the road........Those awesone Serta beds at the  Hilton !! Donald Trump has a new deal going with Serta and these beds are comfy !!!!Looks like I had the same experience at Bedmart that  Mark had 2 yrs ago !1. Honored my 300 dollar off coupon!2. Free next day delivery3. Very educated and friendly staff (who knew so much about beds?)4. Delivery guys arrived when they said they would5. They took my old mattress away :)No tossing and turning tonight !
1	Please make 0 stars an option Yelp!  Avoid BOB and STEVE at the Thomas/44th St. location at all costs! Got suckered into a Serta Perfect Sleeper here, and within a MONTH the nearly $1500.00 bed was sagging!  We didn't want to deal with it and are moving and called Bedmart about the warranty weeks ago.  They looked up our file, and said that an inspector would "be in touch" to set up an appointment to inspect the bed.  I waited a week and called back but they said not to worry.  I called a week later, and they said they would "look into it."  Called again and they said they'd look into it again, but go no return call.  Finally, I called again today, for the 4th time, and STEVE told me there was no way it would happen until next year (after we move).  That's annoying, and bad service, sure, but the reason I'm writing this is that they were patronizing, rude, and just plain insulting.  When I said I was dissatisfied at having to wait a month, after we move, just for the initial appointment, STEVE spoke to me like he was doing me a favor to look into why we had not been contacted!  In fact, he actually said this!  He was vague about the whole thing and when I asked a question about it, he actually said he could fax my request to the "factory today" or "THROW IT IN THE TRASH!"  BTW, the "manager" Bob said the factory is actually closed, so faxing it was not a favor at all!  Either way, are they really doing me a favor to follow up on the bad service for the crappy product they sell?  No!  I called back and asked to speak to the store manager, who answered the phone and identified himself as BOB.  Without even giving me a chance to say hello, he gruffly said he had heard the whole conversation and was not going to allow abuse.  I explained that I was the abused one, and that unless I had been on speaker phone, he had only heard one side of the conversation.  He did not like facts, and was even more rude after I pointed this out.  Needless to say, he clearly did not care about customer service, talked over me and cut me off, and spoke to me like he was Donald Trump and I was his peon contestant.  He proceeded to tell me that there would be no inspection anytime soon, since the Serta factory was closed until the New Year. But he offered a hollow favor...if I wanted, he would call me Monday, Xmas Eve.  Umm, hello, but you just told me the factory who sets up the inspection appointments, is closed for 10 days...so what new information would you have in 2 days?  BOB did not want to be bothered with facts, and just wanted to shove it to me, whether it made sense or not, so he kept repeating and belaboring this.  "When does the factory open, I asked?"  But BOB, who either made up the whole thing about the closure, or knew only half the facts, or just wanted to keep shoving it to me, wouldn't tell me.  "When do you want me to call you back, since you want everything on your schedule," he asked.  "How about right when the factory re-opens."  "How about we just have them call you to set up the appointment," he said.  Um, but "I already did that weeks ago, and they didn't set it up," I pointed out.  (That's why I called 4 times.)  "Whenever the factory opens, the next day would be fine," I said.  Then BOB decided, even though I told him this would not work, he would not follow up on why they hadn't called and just start over.  In other words, throw the follow-up request in the trash!  No, I said, I don't want that.  "That's what I'm doing," and then hung up on meWe went to BedMart looking for a latex mattress that was firm.  But Bed Mart on 44th/Thomas convinced us that this spring bed would be great and would not sag.  They lied.  Then we call about the warranty because the bed is crap and they know it, we don't hear from them repeatedly.  Someone else at the 44th/Thomas location was supposed to follow up with me two days ago but never did (on my 3rd call).  Clearly, they want to get a bed sold, period.  If you have a problem, which eventually you will, they will tell you it is someone else fault, not return calls, patronizingly tell you that they are doing you a favor to follow up on your lack of service, and basically treat you like you are crap because you have a problem with the bed.  To top it all off, they will hang up on you and be rude.  Stay away from this location, from BedMart generally, and from Bob and Steve!
1	Some one told above thr should be 0 star option ... me too requesting for the same .I too give 0 stars to bed mart customer service....the one at northen phoenix....that sales guy(black) is  dumb , arrogunt and rude...it seams he is board with his job and does not Enteratain customers who are genuine...not a window shoppers.....when I asked that guy about cheaper " pillowtop king matress" as he shown me some xyz matress for " $4000 bucks" and said this is the one we have if you want cheaper than this go to  "GOOD WILL" I thought of calling manager but I did'nt have time to mess to with that shit guy...I went to sears" they will show you what customer service is I got one "Simmons Black Brooklyn Firm Pillowtop King mattress"...awsome matress.Just fire that guy or else you guys have to shut your buiness.I would not recomend this shop.
1	Bedmart is a sleazy company.   Dishonest...   Pricing is horrible.   They try to rip you off...then start dropping the price when you show them that they are as twice as expensive as Ashley Furniture and Mega Furniture!!!!  For the exact same Simmons sleep set!!!!   Keep 1 hand on your money if you deal with this sleazy company.
1	I agree with the 0 star rating. Ordered box spring for Cal King and received Regular king box spring instead.  It's their mistake but would not admit and charging another delivery fee to come pick them up. It is insane! Nothing is written as return policy.  I thought about exchanging but now, I just want them out of my house! Never ever going back.
5	Great service from Sherry! She helped me out a lot with finding the right matress for my daughters new loft bed and I got a great deal!!!
