4	Solid pizza.  I've also had the jumbo calzone here, and they weren't kidding about the jumbo part.  For 6.50, that baby could have fed 2 people.  Or one hungry me.  I've only had take-out from here, so I can't say anything about the ambiance.  I didn't even order, so I can't even say anything about the ordering process.  But the food is solid.  3.5 stars.
3	This place is good, service is good, pizza is good. The price is ok, the building is getting a little worn down. There is only an outside table to eat there. Nothing inside.
2	Used to be a regular customer - not anymore. I'm from Chicago and Rosatis has become here what it is there - a chain just a link or two above pizza hut or dominos! Sometimes the pizza was great but, overall far too many problems (undercooked/skimped on cheese/one time forgot to put sausage in pizza - just dropped it on top and ran it thru again...came out dry and all the sausage just rolled off!) Order at thunderbird/ 57th & Union or bell rd - much much better at those locations - I think they just gave up here!!
4	I love the pizza here! the only thing that would make it better are better prices and a portable defibrillator for all of the delicious cheese that is now clogging my arteries! !  after paying for my pizza I felt a sudden and sharp pain in the back of my skull from what felt like a mallet hitting it as i put my wallet in my back pocket.
3	Somewhat dumpy location that has slices at lunch, but they don't seem to have them available until someone asks for one (then you have to wait for a new pizza).  Quality of pizza is as good as other locations though.  No dine-in seating.
2	We got a coupon for a free pizza from this place when we moved into our house a few years ago. The pizza was really doughy and greasy. I'm not sure if this is what chicago deep-dish is supposed to be like, but i wasn't impressed.
1	This location is the worst!! They wouldn't redeem a coupon I had in the "Coupons For A Cure " book that I had from a donation. Who says no to a coupon that is printed in black and white. Won't be back even though I live right there!
4	This is the pizza I grew up on in Chicago.  Very thin and cut in squares (deep dish was for tourists).  The Italian Sausage is good and not the "pellet" stuff you get in other pizza joints.  Try a green pepper, onion, and sausage.  This location does not have seating so be prepared to pickup or get delivery.
1	just got two orders of baked mostacciolli.  One was obviously bad by the overwhelming smell when we opened the lid.  They offered to send me another order but by now the damage was done.  Will not order from here again.Good luck.
5	New Owners and Great Attitude!  Corporate came and and trained them from scratch. Food amazing. Must give it another try. If its your first time, your in for a treat!
4	I had given this place a lackluster review from a visit a few years ago and never bothered to go there again. A few days ago I got an invitation from the owner to try the food again and hopefully be more impressed. David, the new owner, told me that they had just taken over the place and were looking to focus on great food and customer satisfaction. We ordered a pizza and appetizers this evening and came away very impressed. The pizza was the Double Dough with sausage and onions. The Double Dough is between a thin crust and deep dish, as far as the crust goes. It was baked to the right consistency and tasted very good. The sausage chunks were big and it looked like the onions were even caramelized. The cheese and sauce were both good. Overall, it was a very well-made pizza and very tasty. The appetizer that we got was a sampler platter. They had just got new menus, so I think the sampler name changed from what was on the previous menu. It included wings, fried mushrooms, mozarella sticks, jalapeno poppers and onion rings. I sampled the wings, mushrooms, mozarella sticks and jalapeno poppers, and let my wife and kids give me a rating of the onion rings. All of the appetizers were very good. The wings were barbecue, and they were slathered with sauce, which was tangy. The fried stuff was fresh-tasting, unlike the freezer-burnt flavor that fried food at some restaurants has. The jalapeno poppers were just hot enough to warrant a cold swig of beer to chase them down. They gave us plenty of ranch and marinara for dipping.This place is pretty small, but they do have seating outside and a few tables inside, which I think they added since I had been there before. It looks like it would be a good place to stop for lunch, as there are alot of options, from pizza and sandwiches to burgers and hot dogs.We were happy that David gave us the opportunity to sample their food and give them a much needed second chance. It is only a half-mile from our house, so it's very convenient for us. We will definitely be returning and telling our friends and neighbors about the good food that they're serving there.
5	Tonight I had the deep dish pizza and it was awesome. I also had wings, breadsticks, and the chocolate cake. It was all hot, fresh, and prepared quickly and the young staff was very on the ball. When I came I was promptly greeted by them. They handed me what must be their new menu because it was the same one I had recently received at home. The food came and I was on my way home after getting a thank you and have a great weekend from them. I highly recommend this location and their food.
5	I grew up having Rosati's for Friday night pizza in my family. Always great food and reasonable prices. I think it is superior to the similar pizza places in the area. This location has new owners and they were very friendly and helpful when I picked up my order. Definitely recommend giving it a try!
4	Stopped in here twice now. First time for a salad. Second time for a carry out pizza.Salad came in a plastic container and was packed full. Very fresh! Came with dressing on the side.Second visit we got a large thin crust with different toppings. Counter person was very courteous. Pizza was hot and made to order. I like the thinness of the crust and the sauce was flavorful. Just enough! Much better than the corporate $5 pizza! Will definitely be back to try other menu items.
5	We had dinner here last night. we got the Chicago Style pizza and dough nuggets with drinks and of course a cannoli!! The pizza was the best we've ever had!! you and taste  the freshness in the ingredients. I love the dough nuggets too!! these tasty little fella's can hold there own against any appetizer!!  We also met one of the owners who was very friendly and helpful. I love this place!! best pizza in all of the land!! the delicious cheese that is now clogging my arteries is well worth the trip.
5	NEW OWNERS....Better then before. We had a large pizza, wings and dessert. The pizza was awesome, great the crust was chewy and had a good taste. There was flavor to the sauce (unlike Sardellas)And plenty of cheese. This is a filling type of pizza not a "Hot and ready eat 8 slices by yourself." The wings were good too. Not too hot not to mild.  They have updated the seating and the interior as well. They now fit 12 people or so. You can go there for lunch now. LOLIt can get expensive but it is worth every penny. I am glad we went back. Also the owner (I assumed) was very plesant and actually spoke to us (daughter too) LOL
5	Amazing deep dish pizza!!! Family owned and operated...the owners and the kids are absolutely charming! Best place to get a great pizza in Phoenix!!!
5	Moving to Phoenix from the suburbs of Chicago is hard enough. So happy to see Rosati's here!! The food was on-time, hot, correct order. To top it all off, the front end staff is very friendly. We have been here three times already. Kids love it!
5	It doesn't get better than this!Ceasar salad and chicken parmisian spaghetti, WOW. Happy Birthday to me!
4	The cashier messed up my order but the mannger fixed it! i order a deep dish and got a thin crust but the swap the pizzas for me no extra cost! Great service! The pizza was huge. I order the deep dish too much cheese on the pizza needs more sauce than cheese. The cheese was REALLY fresh just too much off it on the pizza!! I'm willing to comeback! there's no dining room :(
1	Ordered a pizza for the first time. The tomato taste was so overbearing that you could not taste anything else. Better off going to Little Ceasars.
4	This is our go-to pizza takeout.  The wings are nicely sized and always loaded with sauce.  The pizza is always tasty with a crispy crust.  Giant pizza and loads of wings at a great price.
1	awful pizza cheese sucks sauce sucks crust sucks disgusting bonless wings the worst i ve ever had hard and old...same with the fries ranch was runny and gross.. only thing ok was the coke lol anyways definitely wouldn't  ever eat there again anyone with any sort of standard for food and even pizza bc its kinda hard to mess up do not bother. pick up a frozen pizza it would be better :)
5	Super friendly, fast, and really good pizza.  The guy who helped us at the front counter was very quick, almost had a sixth sense when it came to customers.Was able to use their $10 for $5 voucher with no problem at all, and they were open Christmas eve.Will be coming here the next time we want pizza!Did I mention their pizza is awesome?!?
