3	For my first real cheese-steak experience I think I could have done worse.  The sandwich I got was nice and flavorful and really good.  It wasn't to greasy which I know is one of the risks of such a food.  There are plenty of options to choose from as far as what you want on the sandwich. Lots of combos and add ins if you want them.  Plus the service is quick and friendly.  Overall I'd say it's pretty good as far as fast food places go.
4	Yum! I tried this place for the first time today. The cheesesteaks were GREAT. I had a side of stuffed spuds....OMG deliccciouuussss. Fattening, but I like to give myself a break on weekends every once in a while. It misses one star because the interior could be nicer.
2	This place is Okay and if you are looking for a Cheese Steak...not bad but as the two stars indicate I've had better.  The restaurant seems a bit plain (like a fast food place). The food was quick and not bad.I'm not saying I won't go back...just I'll really need to be craving a cheesesteak.
3	I've been here a couple times and they do put out a decent cheesesteak.  Not that I am an expert on cheesesteaks, but I do like the way this location makes theirs. Being part of a chain, this place feels like a fast food place, but there is a certain charm to it (due to the owner and staff probably).  There have been a couple times when it did not feel clean.  I don't know if I just came in at a bad time (at the end of a rush) or something, but this place is not really that busy most of the time.Don't really know of many cheesesteak places in Matthews... but I'll keep this one on my list for now.
5	My husband and I had just moved here and found this place for lunch. We took our food to go. We really liked it and would definitely go back. The service was good as well.
4	Philly Connection has been my go to for cheese steaks in Charlotte for a while.  I have tried Penn Station, Jersey Mikes, and other chains but I found this can't be beat.  I have tried a variety of cheese steaks here included the Plain Jane and others with mushrooms and peppers.  The bread is always soft and fresh.  The steak seems quite lean and the white (american?) cheese melts perfectly throughout the whole sandwich.  Only downside to Philly Connection for me is the french fries.  They are thin, crispy and often very greasy but perhaps they simply don't jive with my preference of thicker fries.  Service is has always been pretty quick.  Dining atmosphere could be improved.
1	closed
