5	I love this place.  Such cool stuff!  Reasonably priced and the owners are really friendly.
5	This shop is very KOOL! Once your done at Pawn Stars make sure you go across the street to the white building with green trim. SWAG Antiques! They have neat stuff. This shop does a bit of everything. They have antiques, collectibles, vintage, retro, weird and unique stuff! A must see when you come to Vegas! The family that owns it is very nice! I got a great deal here! They bargain and bundle!!!
5	Cool finds here... 50's, 60's, milk bottles, ashtrays, FURNITURE! Neons and signs, new and not so new... Even oil lamps! The ones with the dripping oil. Great finds!
5	I've been to many of the antique shops in the LV area and this one is by far one of the best.  Their displays are great, feels like an actual store rather than a hoarders hangout spot.  Great pieces with a wide range of prices to cover any budget.Best part-Their staff was actually kind when I entered the door. I received a smile before I even came through the door.  Compared to some of the other shops this was a very welcome change.Construction on the roads makes it difficult to get in there but it was worth it.  I hope they get the road finished quickly because this place is a sure stop on your next antique adventure.  Can't knock them any stars for something they can't control though.
5	if you can only go to one shop, make it swag. the selection of vintage memorabilia is great. They have a great collection of license plates, if you're into that kind of thing. The owner said that the selection varies often, but the style of that pic is consistent. a lot of vintage signs and kitchen..
5	Great variety of antiques and collectibles. The staff was friendly and very helpful.  There are lots of nooks and crannies to shop in.  I will definitely return.  Plus - it's catty-corner from Pawn Stars.  Add it to your must-shop list!
5	Went to Swag Antiques looking found railroad antiques. I found a well stocked store with an outstanding staff.  I would like to recommend this store to Las Vegas locals and tourists.
5	The first thing you notice when you walk in the door is the friendly staff member greeting you from the counter. The second thing is that the store is actually organized and tidy, not a dirty and jumbled hoarders room like many of the other antique stores nearby. Excellent selection of interesting antiques, including lots of kitchen goods, signs, great postcard collection, furniture, and much more! The owner was attentive but never hovered. Overall, one of the better antique stores I've visited.
5	Swag Antiques, a gem of an antique store, is a short walk away from the Gold & Silver Pawn Shop (Pawn Stars). We were instantly greeted by staff members as we entered through the door. The shop is filled with a great collection of vintage and collectible items, such as signs, license plates, furniture, kitchen appliances, home decorations, and jewelry. Unlike some other antique stores we've visited in the past, Swag Antiques has great lighting to showcase their nicely organized items. Overall, friendly staff and great antique shop.
5	I visited this store coming from Red Rock, the Google map is just a little off. So don't give up when it says you have arrived... it's just a little further on the corner. This store have all the little stuff that I love, old door knobs, sewing spools, all kinds of old metal parts and so much more! The guy who rang up my order was super nice, and friendly! I would visit this shop again. If you love old signage... boy do they have it! Make sure you check out swag antiques while in Vegas.
5	Cute selection and display compared to some other downtown shops.  It was very organized, best, clean, and appealing.  Slightly overpriced.
5	Was visiting from Cali first time here and found a lot of vintage shavers and barber stuff. The owner was cool and hooked it up and bundle everything. We also found vintage monster postcards.They carry some amazing vintage pieces. Will be back next time we are out there. See you guys in April.
5	I was blown away by this antique store, it had many cool items from dishes from the 50's.I became obsessed with a full mannequin covered in pearlescent buttons,I'm really considering buying itLove antique shops!And today after yearning for Miss Pearl, I bought her for my birthday gift for myself.Love the owners they are the best, great customer service!!!Cheers!
