4	it was a 6 hour plane ride from SF. i arrived at charlotte at 6am west coast time. the car rental place denied me a rental because i was but a few weeks from 25. i called my brother and waited the 45 minutes while he rolled out of bed, put gas in his car and rolled on over (he lives in charlotte). during this time, i was stressed, crying and being told by the southern folks there that SF is where all the crazy people are...my brother took me to the waffle house for breakfast...and it made it all better. HOW MANY WAYS CAN YOU HAVE YOUR HASH BROWNS?!?!?!?!?!?!smothered with jalapenos, cheese, nacho cheese, gummy bears, marshmallows, brussel sprouts...maybe not, but it seems that way.if you are ever in the south, try the waffle house, any of them. they are  EVERYWHERE. we mustve eaten at one for almost every meal for a week...
4	One of the few places that's just as amazing to eat sober or slightly inebriated. Patient, friendly staff. Very clean.
3	Oh infamous Waffle House, ubiquitous breakfast place of the south for many a hungover/still drunk patron.As far as Waffle Houses go this one was pretty clean and friendly. Food here tastes the same as any other Waffle House I would say mediocre. But you know what? It all tastes so good when you're hungover from a crazy night. Granted I felt a bit sick afterwards from eating so much fatty processed food but we all have to make sacrifices when we are trying to eat and have only found $7 around the house right?Service is friendly, being really close to where I had passed out the night before, cleanliness, and massive amounts of cheap food make this Waffle House a winner in my book. Really what more can you ask for?
1	the worst waffle house i've ever been to.  the waitress picked butter up from the floor, put it on our table and didnt wash her hands.  there was a piece of hair in my food which really grossed me out.  the waitress was guzzling down some energy drink between customers which was also gross.  i ordered a vanilla coke & was instructed to mix it up because it probably wasn't good.  it was so gross the amount of syrup in the drink.  it was mostly vanilla with a little bit of coke flavor.  it was dirty and gross.  also wreaked havoc on my insides probably as a result of the cleanliness.
3	Breakfast Friday. Had the All Star. Eggs, bacon, hash browns, and a waffle. Yum. I don't know what they put in their waffles but they are as addicting as drugs. So good.The place is busy, noisy, and not exactly sparkling clean, but the service is prompt and friendly, the food (breakfast) is really good, and prices are very reasonable.So why not?
4	Oh waffle house. How great you are at 2, 3, 4 AM. Some people love you. And some people hate you. I however, am a lover. I recently came to this Waffle House on a random whim. One night of gaming with friends and then "hey, lets go to Waffle House!" Is exactly how that went down. I believe it was 3 AM, and how delicious that all star breakfast was. Mind you, I wasn't drunk at even the slightest. So that definitely makes me a credible review. This Waffle House is on of the close ones near my parent's house so I come here often. That and it it's a mid point between my friend's house. It's clean, and it's not like most other waffle houses.So I get this, every time I come here. The all star breakfast: Over easy, hash browns, sausages, and waffles. Oh yes, delicious whenever at any time. If i'm up late again and decide to have food, this is where I'll be coming to for a quick meal.
4	I've wanted to go to this location for a couple weeks but on Sunday mornings this place is PACKED, with a line out the door and wait.  I don't care how much I want a waffle, I'm not waiting in line for Waffle House.This weekend though I got up there about 9am and it wasn't that bad, busy and full but no wait.  First thing I noticed was they had the radio cranked to 11, I had to damn near yell to the waitress.  Otherwise it was a pretty uneventful breakfast, the place is open and clean and prices aren't too far out of line.  I would recommend this place at any time other than around church time, at that point good luck getting in anywhere.
4	Ahh the good ol' Waffle House. Who doesn't love breakfast all day??This location is great. The staff is usually friendly and welcoming and the best part... It's always clean :D It does get crowded at the usual busy times for breakfast (weekend mornings) but usually it has a good turn around so if there's a wait, no worries! Play a song on the digital jukebox they have :-) It's in a good location, and because of where it's placed, there's a ton of natural sunlight to peek in. But if the all star breakfast has you feeling a bit guilty about your completely satisfying food baby.. There is a gym across the street :p HA!But in all seriousness, this is one of the better locations for Waffle House so if you're hankerin' for some bacon or want your browns smothered and covered, I would really recommend this one over any in the surrounding areas.
4	Waffles as big as your head. Literally. The waffles are big and fluffy and dynamite with some butter and syrup.Smothered hash browns with cheese, onions, country gravy and mushrooms is the way to go  as well. The hash browns are cooked perfectly. Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The toppings really just set it off and you add or minus any toppings you want on your smothered hash browns.The kids menu has a nice selection of choices and on our visit we went with grilled cheese with hash browns. It was so good, my son wanted more.The angus patty melt was good to. My cheese was melted perfectly and the meat cooked just right. Topped with onions and bacon, it was the way to this girls tummy alright.Open 24 hours and staff that is ready to serve you, we will be back again.
3	Been waiting for 25 minutes and order not even called in yet! People that came in after us are already finishing up their meals. Jonquil came back strong through. Got the manager to comp our meal for the long delay. Tipped him handsomely for the recovery. Will definitely return when i am in the area next time.
