4	Migos is a remodeled and has new ownership.  It's in the same building as the old Taco Migos was, but is a much more like a real restaurant with a full bar and music at night, not fast food walk-up-to-the counter type.My friend and I went for a quick lunch and got more than enough food for 2.  Their servings are huge and everything was tasty.I had the Chicken Taco trio with lots of moist chicken a tasty cabbage mixture on top of the traditional corn tortilla. I couldn't eat it all.My friend had a really tasty cheese quesadilla that comes with guacamole & sour cream.  The cheese was really good not some cheap american or cheddar cheese.I hope to try them for Happy Hour soon.
5	This place is off the ten and baseline, I usually stick to downtown but it was so worth the trip. Everything I ate was incredible, from the salsa to the sea bass fish tacos!  We will definitely be back and I would highly recommend this place!
3	I debated between 2 and 3 stars and gave the 3, but this place is hovering between 2 and 3 for sure.Green (tomatillo) salsa was "supposed" to be "hot" but did neither had a lot of kick nor a lot of flavor.  The red was better, had a little sweetness to it, but was not very spicy at all.  The chips were white corn and crispy and delivered warm, so kudos for that.Where they fell down was service, and the massive amount of ice in my maggie, and the entree' being very bland.She took forever to get my second basket of chips to me, and the drink order took a while also, even with only 2 other tables occupied.  The maggie was fairly tasty, but delivered in a large glass filled mostly with ICE, unfortunately.  After a few decent-sized sips, the liquid was all gone and the ice was left lonely with me, wondering WTH happened to that drank???.....:(The steak entree' had ONE redeeming value:  it had habanero wafers around the plate.  I finally had something with some HEAT on the table, YES !!!  But the steak was bland, and the sauce (cheesy, beany?) was mostly a gloppy, tasteless mess.I think they can get better, and thus I'm leaving room for improvement.P.S.  Being that they are on the SE corner of where the I-10 crosses Baseline, the only way to gain entrance into the parking lot is to be driving EAST on Baseline.  If you are coming from the east, headed west, you will have to make a u-turn somewhere past the freeway and head back down Baseline.
4	I went for the happy hour and was very happy with the $2 Margaritas.  I tried the flautas and mini chimi's both were decent but not authentic Mexican.  The chips and salsa were good and the interior is nicely furnished.  I talked to the waitress and she informed me that it is the owner's first sit down restaurant and she is still refining the place and is open to suggestions.  She recommended the weekend music nights, since the musician is a professional.  I am happy there is a good drinking place within walking distance of my home :)
1	Ehh food wasn't that great... and kind of pricey!
3	Loved the decor, made me feel like I was in Mexico. Pleasant staff and the place was clean.I thought the food was a bit blah, I got the carnitas tacos, it came with rice & beans. But I don't know why they bothered, it was in this tiny bowl, I mean tiny! Like an inch and a half wide.My boyfriend got the fish tacos but again they didn't have much flavor.Disappointed, as it's in the neighborhood and the decor was so nice... I had high expectations.Won't be going back.
3	A-OK. Very chill, clean, and nicely decorated. Great, prompt, friendly service. The manager/owner fellow also checked in, but in a way that was welcoming and relaxed. I agree with others that food and salsa didn't have much flavor. But when I ordered grilled pineapple to be added to my fish tacos, they brought me out an entire quarter pineapple that was sliced, hot, and served in the rind - delicious and great presentation! Probably won't go back just because I like Fuego and America's food better for similar prices, but this was a good experience.
4	First trip to Migo's although I pass it every morning & afternoon to/from work! I'll definitely be back.  Service and food were both great. The live music guy was amazing and we tried to stump him with requests but he knew everything we asked! We had a blast. Thanks Migos, you've won a new customer.
5	Migo's was a great experience.  I thoroughly enjoyed not only my meal but my experience.The ambiance inside Migo's was great.  Mexican style furniture with dark wood, fun tabletops and a great vibe.  Additionally, there are several large big screen TV's throughout the restaurant.To start, we ordered the Migo Margarita.  This bad boy came out in a giant fishbowl.  Its contents included Patron, Grand Marnier, Triple Sec, sweet and sour, lime and orange juice.  Get one...you'll love it.Now to the food.  Fantastic!  Our party ordered two appetizers - the fried jalapenos and the shrimp & avocado.  The fried jalapenos were served piping hot and the breading was more like a panko crumb crust which held up with each bite.  It was served with a ranch dressing which helped cool the spiciness of the pepper.  The shrimp & avocado was like a shrimp Louie salad but with a south of the border taste.  The avocado was ginormous and held the shrimp with dressing perfectly.  One word of caution, be careful not to eat the dried chilies that came on the same plate.For our entrees, we had the fish tacos and the grilled shrimp plate.  Did I say shrimp, I mean PRAWNS.  These suckers were huge!  On the plate, I think I got 6-7 prawns and each one were as big as your hand.  They were grilled and had a great smoky taste.  It was served with a heaping pile of rice with two dipping sauces.  One was a spicy dressing and the other was a spicy chili paste like Siracha.The fish tacos were delicious.  The plate came with three sea bass tacos with cabbage and fresca queso (it also came with a spicy dressing, but I got it on the side and used it to dip my tacos).  The fresca queso made the taco so unique from regular plain fish tacos.  The fish was grilled too, so you could really taste all the flavors.  It came with a bowl of beans which had a great taste too.For dessert we each ordered two items - bunuelos and fried ice cream.  The bunuelos were crazy.  It was dinner plate sized fried dough piece with cinnamon and sugar, drizzled with chocolate sauce, served with bananas and whipped cream and underneath was a huge scoop of vanilla bean ice cream.  This dessert is big enough for a party of six, not two!!!!  We also got fried ice cream which has an awesome crust that doesn't come out of the kitchen already melted.  They must have a special recipe that makes the fried ice cream taste better than others...To wrap up this review; you're going to love Migo's.   This is not your average run of the mill Mexican restaurant.  This is a unique, different - yet tasty experience.  You're not going to find a glutenous heap of sloppy tacos, burritos or enchiladas covered with a pound of cheese served with re-fried beans.  What you're going to find is a well crafted meal with spices and flavors of central Mexico with twists and turns of deliciousness.  I was very impressed.
4	Went to this restaurant for the first time this past Saturday, seeing the $2 margaritas All Day sign out front. The restaurant itself is very clean, very modern, TV outside (the NCAA basketball game was on), and very friendly hostess and staff. For starters, we ordered several of the margaritas, fully expecting sampler margaritas in small glasses...I mean, what restaurant has full-size margaritas for $2 on a Saturday afternoon??? Well, apparently this one does! Full-size house margaritas for $2. And they were good! Absolutely best Saturday afternoon deal in the Valley!For food, the fried camarones appetizer was good, and came out hot. The Tricolor chicken enchiladas were DELICIOUS, and presentation was excellent. (After seeing mine, a patron at another table ordered the same, and thanked me for the idea afterwards, as she enjoyed the dish too)My friend ordered the Shrimp Empanada, and was a big fan of that dish too. Again, the presentation on it was excellent. Everything about this restaurant was fantastic, and I'll definitely be returning. One thing to note is that it IS a little difficult to reach if you're going WEST on Baseline...it's wedged almost against the I10, so you'll basically have to flip a U-turn at some point to start heading back EAST. (if you're heading EAST to begin with, no problems). Next to the Waffle House.
3	A good Mexican joint, but certainly not exceptional.  Being a restaurant consultant I always ask the server what I should eat and mine suggested the burrito (really?!).  So I did and it was good but not distinguishing flavors.  Needs flavor spikes and more texture.  Salsa weren't very hot but were tasty.  Others have said they won't be back but I would go  back just to see how they develop.  I will say it was an odd experience turning in at a strip bar to get to a restaurant that has the slogan, "Faith, food and fun" or something like that.
5	Great place for families and friends.  Service was great and the food was better!  Love the shrimp tacos.  Lots on the menu I will have to come back and try!
1	We had a groupon for this place and he did not honor it. Apparently they didn't go through the trouble of actually preparing for the amount of people that would come for the groupon, so they just didn't bother with trying. So we didn't even get to eat here, but from what I saw the food looked average and the place was fairly dirty. This place doesn't deserve the one star yelp forces me to give them.
1	One word. Pitiful. The only reason I gave this spot one star is because I had to in order to write this review. First of all, the layout of Migo's is ridiculous. You walk in the door and you are standing in the middle of the restaurant staring at everyone. You have to make your way over to the hostess stand and hang out til' someone sees you. My party and I were using a Groupon for a mimosa brunch. We were informed that they were out of champagne, so they were offering margaritas and bloody marys instead. OK, fine. So, we go to eat at the fabulous buffet. There were no plates or silverware. The spread was supposed to be huge. In reality, it consisted of 3 chafing dishes containing sub par, lukewarm beans, bacon, potatoes, and some fajita type mixture. That's all. Someone finally brought out some plates that were wet and some had some food on them. Disgusting. There were no tortillas, so I asked our server (when I found him) for some. We must have sat there for over 10 minutes, watching other patrons walk up to the hostess stand asking for various items so they could eat. It was totally ridiculous, and I never did see a tortilla. We finally walked out and left the Groupon on the table. I have since contacted Groupon and have been reimbursed for my bad experience. Kudos to Groupon, shame on Migo's. In a city filled with amazing restaurants, you will never make it.
1	Attention grouponers!  Refund your groupon and avoid this place! I too was part of the groupon disaster yesterday.  Calling this place a joke would be an understatement.My group of 4 arrived there at about 10 (so an hour into the buffet service).  Already, they were out of fajitas, tortillas, fruit, and pancakes.  We picked up the scraps that were left of everything else and took a seat.  Thereafter, it took about 30 minutes-and a couple rounds of propmting our waitness-before we even received our water and memosas.  Things then went from awful to pathetic.  The buffet line proceeded to run out of every single item at the same time.  It remained completely empty for at least 30 minutes!  So now, 90 minutes into the service, there was NO food.  It was a "no-ffet."  That's when the memosas dried up.  Although they did give us margaritas to make up for the memosas, the margaritas lacked any discernible alcohol and were overloaded with ice and margarita mix.  That aside, how do you run out of memosas 90 minutes into a 5 hour breakfast service?!?  It wasn't even like the place was busy.  While we were there, they had maybe 20 guests at max!The worst part of all of this was the dishonestly revealed throughout this whole experience.  The groupon promised a buffet that "stretches across the restaurant."  In reality, the buffet had 8 items and fit onto maybe a 6 food table.  Even if it had food (which it didn't), it would have been a disappointment.  What was worse was that even after the "no-ffet" ran out of food, the hostess continued to sit people-providing them no warning whatsoever that there was no food.  It was almost comical to watch their complete disregard as they sat people, only to watch the people walk up to the buffet line that lacked food!  In short, if you want a buffet that lacks food and drink, this is the place for you!  If you want what was promised in the groupon, well, you better keep dreaming.
1	Visited this place on Sunday for their brunch menu, since we purchased a deal on Groupon. As soon as we walk in, there were no host/hostess, 2nd in line and 2 other groups behind us. The waiter comes by and tells us to sit wherever we want. We grab a table and it takes the waiter 15mins before coming by with a menu. No water or asking us for drink orders. We get up and show the other waiter our coupon and he tells us to help ourselves to the buffet bar. It's a small bar with about 7 dishes, There are no plates! and 3 of the 7 dishes were empty!!! we waited for 5 mins and there is a line of 5 people, finally get the plates and only thing to eat was some fajita mix, mostly veggies, beans and potatoes. ugh! so we get back to our table and finish what we have and waiter finally comes by and asks us for our drink order. We order margaritas and menudo. That took about 15mins. finally get our drinks and waited another 10mins for menudo. Menudo came in a big shallow bowl, mostly homini corn, white with a bland taste. Throughout this whole time, we watched at least 6 group of people walk out. The waiter kept saying how busy it was and they weren't planning on the groupon coupon to take effect on Sunday and they weren't prepared. I was like REALLY???? 1st rule in running a restraunt!!!! be prepared. This place is unoraganized, food is not good at all, go elsewhere.
4	I am writing this review for the killer deal I got with a GroupOn for brunch for four with unlimited mimosas! We got seated quickly, all food was available and good! The beans were a little flavorless, and so was the fajitas, but that was solved easily by melting some cheese into the beans and mixing in some of that amazing salsa. They brought our table of five a lovely plate of sliced fruit, as well as a few baskets of tortilla chips with salsa accompaniment. The salsa verde was fantastic. I mixed it in with everything I threw into the flour tortillas, which were piping hot, soft and wrapped in foil to keep them that way. they also had corn tortillas available. They also had bananas, pancakes, bacon, pan fried potatoes (with or without chirizo), yogourt with strawberries, and moreeee!  Orange juice mimosas could get a little boring but they had Jamaican, Regular, and Tamarind. The waitress was very on point and would not let them go empty. She kept filling our glasses long after the buffet ended and kept us very happy and drunk! My conclusion is that the GroupOn customers who attended this restaurant came when the restaurant was totally unprepared for the volume of customers. We had a great experience. Bonus: Migo's is closely located to Arizona Mills. Get your shop on GURRRL!
5	This place was awesome. We had a groupon and went the day before fathers day. It was not crowded at all. The buffet was really good. It tasted fresh. There was not a lot on the buffet but you could order plates and it was included. We ordered huevos rancheros and a fruit plate on the side. They came out fresh and super tasty. We also had about 7 mimosas each. They had 3 different kinds. I recommend the tamarindo mimosa and the glasses were so fun.It was so delish. The best part was you could barely taste the juice because it was mostly champagne. The service was really friendly even when we knocked over our glasses. I highly recommend going here.
5	Really good Mexican breakfast buffet
4	One of my favorite places.  I absolutely love their nachos!  I mostly frequent the restaurant to study and eat simultaneously.  The staff is friendly, the food is good, and the noise level is acceptable.  On Friday nights it's a little more festive with live Mexican music and $2 margaritas.  The ourdoor seating is wonderful, in the evenings especially and you can watch the game or the fight on the patio while enjoying food and drink.  The only drawback is that they don't have wi-fi.
5	What a turn-around.After our horrible experience a couple weekends ago, the owner of Migos sent me a very polite email apologizing for our experience and asking us to come back and give them a second chance.  I figured if they took the time to read my prior review and to reach out to me, that I could give them a second chance.  I am glad that I did.First of all, the buffet had food and it didn't run out.  So that was already a huge improvement over last time.  In all seriousness, through, the buffet was great.  It includes the following: scrambled eggs, pancakes, bacon, steak fajitas, corn tortillas, flour tortillas, beans, rice, chorizo with potatoes, onions with potatoes, and chorizo mini chimis.  In addition, you can order from your table fruit plates (which were delicious.  They included watermelon, cantaloupe, strawberries, and pineapple), chilaquiles, huevos rancheros, omelets, and menudo.  My only suggestion would be fpr Migos to add some shells, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, and guacamole so that we can make tacos out of the steak!In addition, you can get the buffet with unlimited memosas.  They have three kinds but we stuck to the orange juice memosas.  They tasted good.  Also, unlike last time, they had a singer there who sang songs to a track and also with his guitar.  He was a very good singer and very nice.  He also had his son sing a couple songs, and his son was a good singer.Finally, the service was much better than last time.  Our waiter was on top of things from the beginning.  He was very good about refilling our drinks, offering us things off the menu, and asking if we would like a clean plate for the buffet.All in all, it seems that my first experience with Migos was a fluke.  I highly recommend this place and will definitely be returning!
4	After I wrote my first review, I was asked to visit a second time. I tell you- everything had changed for the better! we were met graciously with a smiling host, the waitress Maria explained the options of the brunch. the food was abundant at the buffett table. We also ordered the fruit platter off the brunch menu and it was a huge plate of pineapple, melons and strawberrys. The managers, Augustine and Margaret came by and checked on us, to ensure everything was good. Everyone in the restaurant was enjoying themselves! their was a gentleman and his son playing the guitar and singing, he also involved the guests into singing with them. It was a great time! I will defintely return after the service I recieved on this visit. Thank you Margaret for taking the comments and views of previous customers and making the changes, so that it is an enjoyable experience.
3	"Typical American style Mexican food. Very clean restaurant but a little cold, I think it needs some centerpieces or artwork or something. Service was great, guacamole was very fresh. Chips had a slight aftertaste and the meals were average. I wouldn't really recommend it, but if you are craving mexican, it should do the job.
