4	After spending almost $14k on new floors we decided to look here for new furniture. Big selection of styles and pieces. We liked sofa/ls and recliner we found and the prices were within what we wanted to spend. Customer service from start to delivery was pretty good, had no issues other than a hutch had to come 2 days later. We would return to shop here with confidence.
3	We came looking for new furniture for our 4 year old.  Nothing jumped out.  Their kids section is pretty small actually.  The gallery as a whole is smaller than I expected but I'm assuming that's b'c the back half is their - duh - warehouse.  I felt like they did a great job with the displays near the front but as I walked further to the back, the displays weren't as organized.  Maybe it was just me.  I will give them credit though - I had several sales people approach us but none of them were pushy.  They were cool with perusers.  I really appreciate that.
4	American Furniture Warehouse offers a very large selection of mid-range furniture at reasonable prices. This is a full service operation, so the delivery and assembly has not been outsourced to you. They will deliver what you buy, put it all together and haul off any packaging when they're done.We outfitted our living room and kitchen for a couple of thousands dollars, and was very happy with the service. I recommend them to anybody looking for moderately priced furniture.
5	Great selection, impressively low prices, very friendly and helpful staff, not at all pushy.  The sales lady who helped me was one of the sweetest people I've ever seen.  I didn't have to lift a finger until after I got home, even though the box was available out on the floor.  I had a great experience and I definitely recommend this store.
5	Recently we started looking for a loft bed for our 5 yo son. Hadn't been to AFW yet do decided to try it out. Found a great bed right away but only came in certain configurations on the stickers. Sales associate Yesenia stopped to check on us. I asked if I could customize the packages. She says let me check. Within five minutes she had an answer and the new price. She handed us a card with her # on it and said I let you talk it over. When we were ready, I called and right back she came to ring us up. Great service for the sale. Plus the delivery and set up!! 59$ flat fee. Drivers were prompt, polite, called in advance. They were very careful, going upstairs, and around corners. Never once bumping a wall!! Will definitely shop there again!!
1	Furniture is ok but customer service and delivery was worst experience. Sales rep not educated on they're own company policies and the worst company I have delt with on resolving a problem !I would drive two hours out of my way not to buy from them . My recommendation is anywhere but here !
