5	This is a fantastic, inexpensive casual place to have delicious mexican food. It is almost a "hole-in-the-wall" kind of joint except the food is exceptionally good. I was a student in Glendale and Carambas was the only place where I not only got great tasting food but also could manage on a tight student's budget.This is place is always crowded so you might have to wait for a table to become available. They have a GRRREAT salsa bar and awesome vegetarin options on their menu like the spinach enchiladas etc. Chains like Baja Fresh are based on small family owned restaurants like these. The charm at Carambas was it did not have a "chain" like feeling to it at all. It felt festive and fun and the team there were always friendly and inviting.
2	'Where you don't peso much" is the self-professed theme on the logo, but it couldn't be further from the truth.  Burritos and entrees are $5-9 and this is a casual, pretty much fast food place.  side of nachos?  extra side taco?  you're easily pushing $12-15.Every burrito I've tried, whether bean and cheese or breafkast burrito, is always somehow dry as a bone.  Tortillas are dry and have a cotton like dry chewy texture.Talk radio and/or music is always in Spanish and quite loud.  This is good for drowning out the loud baby crying three tables over, but it can get annoying after awhile (especially when it is Spanish talk radio).  Tables were dirty.  They charge you for soft drink refills.  They hoard the napkins behind the counter.  There's limited seating during prime dining hours.
4	I agree..very good margaritas!  The flautas are really good also.  But absolutely NO atmosphere.  Great place to grab a quick bite (and margy) when you don't have much time or care about a quiet surrounding.
5	Ah, the go-to place for day drinking and ditching classes with my classmates in medical school. Future doctors of America, right here, baby! The menu offers standard Americanized Mexican food fare, but there's just enough variety to have something for everyone. On the days I thought it inappropriate to return to class smelling of beer, I would turn to the horchata -- fresh and delicious, every time. Like fricking clockwork. The food is fresh and, magically, not heavy. The salsa bar lets you dump on as much diarrheaogenic hot sauce as your asshole can tolerate, and the chips must be made fresh because nothing that good comes out of a bag.Regretfully, I am virtually never in the northwest valley anymore, and have enjoyed the Caramba experience maybe once since graduation. This is tragic. Why can't Caramba force Mi Patio out and set up shop there?
3	I made a mental note to check Caramba's out during a visit to the Stir Fry Palace next door.  The place was packed, and I figured it must good.I took my daughter there to dine on a couple of enchilada plates.I think based on the great reviews here and the crowd that maybe my expectations were too high.  I thought the enchiladas were okay.  They weren't terrible.  They were just okay.  The beans and rice were fine.  I'll definitely give this place another try.  I believe in wisdom of the crowds, and Caramba's seems to be always crowded.  Those people must know something.  Maybe I got them on an off day, or maybe I was just off!
5	Went there for breakfast & ordered the breakfast enchiladas. They were VERY awesome! I thought it was also interesting that even though we went in for breakfast that we still got free chips & salsa from the salsa bar. Also, another 5 star worthy attribute is the fact that they serve breakfast all day long.I enjoyed my breakfast with a refreshing large horchata. I could tell it was from a mix, but it was still very good.
4	I'm a very health conscious person, and this place was suprisingly great for me! I had a chicken burrito with veggies and pico, and they have a way to make simple and healthy very yummy! I enjoyed the availability of wheat tortillas, but was shocked that they don't have black beans; they only offer refried. Nor do they have brown rice. Nevertheless, the flavor was amazing, and the ingredients they didn't have did not cross my mind once  I took a bite! I would love to have one in Central Phoenix.
4	If the Travel Channel did a special called "Best Kept Secrets of the West Valley" then Caramba's would make the cut hands down. Sure, sure the decor isn't the greatest and neither are the bathrooms. But that's not what matters when it comes to Mexican food, is it? What matters is the fish tacos (some would argue that fish tacos are all that matters). And oooohweee does Caramba's have some good fish tacos; possibly the "real" version of the imitation fish tacos that Rubios serves (Plato's Allegory of the Cave, anyone?). The chips and salsa are good if you can stomach the salsa bar. Personally, just seeing food that anyone can touch and kept in open air has me running for the bathroom. But in all fairness it still tastes pretty good. Now, we have arrived at the most important part of the review: the drink selection! Margarita's, mango and otherwise, and sangria rule the menu. They are cheap, delicious, strong, and most of all well worth the $3.00! This is a great lunch or early dinner spot. I prefer to ride my tandem bicycle here, so that my suitor and I can both drink and ride home without in-dangering anyone but our bike.
4	We have a lot of family get togethers at carambas! I love the staff and food! I think some things are high priced like the stuffed quesidilla and Mexican pizza but, what can you do. Best Mexican food around me.
4	I am updating this review for only one reason. It seems that I have spent years over looking Caramba's dessert menu. They offer a choice called "Cinnamon Crisps" which are warm cinnamon baked chips drizzled with warm honey.  The huge portion they provide is only $1.99.You need this in your mouth. Now.
4	I have only ventured to this restaurant on two occasions...the first was on suggestion from Pastor Paul Wilson and then tonight when Kristi and I were checking out places to eat.Caramba's menu is very simple, but offers a wide selection.  I chose a combination with a taco, tostado and tamale. When the food came out, it covered two plates. Needless to say, even with my heavy appetite, I struggled to everything.Kristi ordered a beef chimi...nothing special, but very filling as well. The big compliment came at the temperature of the food that came out. Everything was hot, and definitely was prepared fresh.This is a great place to stop in for a quick bite or bring in the family for a meal.Kristi and I spent like $20 and left full.The one thing that was a little weird...the charge for drink refills.
3	Decent food, but seemingly worthy o 4 or 5 stars.  The portions are large and the salsa are pretty good, but beans are out of a can...  if you want a step up from cafeteria food with a mexamerican flare, this is a good choice. They do server beer and wine, but no tequilla so those margs are either beergarita's or winegarita's.
4	The hubby & I go there very frequently now...addicted to the margaritas!  We've tried more of the menu and it's ALL been great.  We like to share the giant burrito (yep, it's huge) that's loaded with only with a really tasty shredded beef (I hate rice and beans in a burrito) and covered with a delicious red sauce. We always sit outside since the inside is so blah, but it's so hot right now, we'll have to wait til it cools off a bit.  We'd get it to go, but we HAVE to have their margys!  The guys behind the counter are awesome and very friendly.
5	We were one of their first ten customers when they opened the downtown Glendale location. I was so excited to see them in North Glendale . It's not fancy, but you get great food at reasonable prices. Their red tamales with sauce are to die for. My favorite chorizo is still Carolina's , but they run a close second here.The carne asada rocks!!
4	Four words: I love this place. But if its not one of their cheese crisps, its almost not worth it....The other day was my second  visit to this place and I was hoping to impress my friend with their fresh delicious Mexican dishes. It was looking good when we first arrived because the very friendly employee really did a good job displaying his knowledge of their rather impressive menu. He gave recommendations to their enchiladas and burritos. I really wanted to get one of their impressive cheese crisps like I got last time, hoping to impress my friend, however I was feeling bold and decided to get the shrimp burrito. First wrong thing that immediately stood out was that they charge 25 cents for refills. That sort of cheap tactic really spells out a lot about an establishment. Also since their drinks are 2 bucks, I really didn't feel like buying refills. Oh and did I mention that I'm a standard debit card wielding American? No quarters in my pocket. But no big deal. So they took some time for our dishes to be completed which was not a surprise since last time they did the same thing. However last time once they finished, I was able to enjoy a most delicious cheese crisp. This time though, I was presented with a shrimp burrito with a side of lettuce? What do I do with the lettuce? HmmmThe burrito itself was too hot. (Not spicy). I felt that I was unable to grasp the true flavor of the shrimp because of this problem. So naturally I was much slower in my eating. I gave the shrimp an opportunity to savor in my mouth so I can get the full flavor. I was wrong. Each piece of shrimp was doused in a sauce similar to a light soy sauce. Through the hot temperature, I was able to conclude that each of the pieces were quite bland. It was disappointing per bite because I expected a flavor burst each time, but never got it. The burrito was full of sauce. So full in fact that eventually, the bottom of the burrito collapsed and the sauce and shrimp spilled onto my plate.  ]= Still hot. So I continued my meal without the tortilla and simply forked the rest of my shrimp. Overall I actually like this place. (because of cheese crisps)When I came the first time, there was sports on the tv and very  good food being served.
3	In the working class areas of Phoenix, one can spy a small Mexican eatery every hundred yards. A tortillera here, a taqueria there...blindfold me and send me to Maryvale, my stomach will lead my feet to menudo in mere minutes. But here on 67th & Bell, they don't seem too keen on ubiquitous Latin fare. This is middle class, soccer mom territory, and for the most part the locals seem satisfied sustaining themselves on Chipotle. But what if they dare venture to another part of town? Certainly, their curiosity must make them hungry for something slightly more authentic.Well with Caramba's in town, they must not feel like they have to. This place is a parody of every obscure "bertos" I've stumbled into on an empty stomach. The music is all in Spanish, and there's some good ol' futbol on TV. The cashier was eager to explain away any menu item, as if the usual clientele couldn't tell their chilaquiles from an enchilada. Jajaja.  Anyways, I ordered the fundido, because I figured their specialty was more...Tex Mex. It wasn't too appealing, essentially a fried burrito topped with generous amounts of an interesting cream cheese sauce. I washed it down with a fountain drink, but then I spied a sign...they charge a quarter for refills. That's not much at all, but not even Taco Bell does that--why should they? Out of defiance, I tossed my cup and just ordered a margarita. $3.25 seemed like a steal, I was excited to have one with my breakfast. I didn't mind it coming out of a fountain, but it was incredibly strong! Stronger than any margarita I've had in a restaurant. But, it was still worth it.Apparently, their specialty is the cheese crisp, the more complex of them branded "Mexican pizza". I saw some being ordered, and I wasn't the slightest bit impressed, especially with tortillas that tasted like they came from the Fry's next door.Personally, I don't think Carambas deserves the popularity it has. The food is middle-of-the-road, and their prices the same amount as a dozen places you could eat breakfast across the value. Nothing special about their salsas or tortillas, which is alarming enough. However, it was very clean, the staff was swift and polite, and they have adult beverages. It's okay for a nice, quiet breakfast.
5	We have been coming here since it opened and we are treated like family each and every time. To have a restaurant that has had the same employees over all of these years tells me something for John the owner. Now for the food they have a large menu and there are several favorites that I keep coming back for. The menudo is a family favorite and I think it is some of the best in the valley and I have been eating menudo for over 40 years. The margaritas are special treat, inexpensive and they taste great. The flavors in the Salpicon salad are craved at least twice a week and is delicious with any of the 3 options: chicken, beef, or shrimp!
4	Let me start by saying i thought this place blew. big chunks. However, my wife, being the native Arizonan LOOOVES it. Thus, i would have to endure many unsatisfying dinners here while she delighted in mini chimis and bean and cheese burrito. I tried in vain to find ANYTHING on the menu i could tolerate. Any combination of food, be it chicken (always dry), steak (horrible, the kind of steak that is grade D, but edible) was awful and the ground beef? You know where i am going here. .25 for refills? What kind of communist/socialist refill-depriving monsters run this place? And then, like moses parting the sea, the Taco Al Pastor arrived. Served traditionally, with cilantro, chopped onion and a lime wedge, tender adobo marinated pork and proper non cold tortillas. My advice? scrap the whole menu, and just serve Al Pastor. Get a spit outside on your patio and make them 100% authentic. Until then, i now can actually eat something on their menu, and its magical. Perhaps, this is what my wife feels with the mini chimis she so loves...naturally, i think they are dry, unimaginative and bland.Stick with the Al Pastors. You won't be disappointed.
4	Love this place since they opened, but I will say they are giving smaller portions of food than they used to. Also, the salsa fresca isn't so fresca (fresh) as it used to be. But one of the best chicken chimichangas out there!
5	I am addicted to their shredded beef tacos! Their machaca beef melts in your mouth, everything I've eaten here is delicious. They are one of the very few restaurants in the area that consistently get perfect scores from the health board. Check it out on maricopa.gov, it's made me think twice about eating out, but I know Caramba's is safe.
5	I grew up in the East Valley, but my best friend and her family are from Peoria. For years, I heard about the food and margaritas at Carambas, so when my husband and I came to visit over New Year's, we had to go. I loved it. The atmosphere is laid-back and unassuming, and perfect for the price point offered. The $3.25 margarita is better than many served at the larger restaurants for upwards of $7, and the salsa bar is fresh and tasty.  Although other reviewers take issue with the $.25 refill policy, I was more than happy to dole out a couple of quarters. In this economy, I am grateful for the large portions and cheap prices at Caramba's. Perhaps Phoenicians are spoiled with the "free refill" policy at so many places, but after years of living elsewhere, I have an appreciation for a smaller business that is keeping its doors open and prices down as well as respect for a small $.25 instead of the higher $.50 and $.75 found in other major cities. I ordered the enchilada, chicken taco combo with rice and beans, and I couldn't believe the price for the amount of food, let alone the great quality. My husband, who is a life long vegetarian, enjoyed how many options he had, and on our second trip to Caramba's he even attempted the Giant Caramba done vegetarian style!After 5 years in Seattle, my mind had built up a shrine to good Mexican food, and Caramba's delivered. If I travel back to Phoenix, even if I'm staying on the other side of town, I will definitely be making the trip out to Glendale. My only regret is that I didn't get to try the cheese crisps...Next time!!
3	Over rated... Sloppy Mexican food with plastic forks..
4	Tacos are the best around! But they do charge too much for them.
2	Ate at this place a few days back. The chicken in the fajitas was undercooked, the cook had thrown on a few partly cooked onions, green peppers and completely forgot the tomatos. My order # had not been called so when i went to see what was happening, the cook had missed the order. Trying to hurry the food he had slapped a lid over the chicken to speed up the cooking, this resulted in a tasteless steamed mess that he passed off as fajitas. This is one of the few fast food places that charge you for a soft drink refill. Needless to say, it is a cut above Taco Bell and Del Taco but then it is much more expensive, no 99c tacos or burritos here. My tab for fajitas and a soda was just under $9.  Does not compare to Carolinas especially for the tortillas, these are tasteless at Carambas.  Will NOT be going back  !!!!!
5	I love this place. I've been coming here for years. Always great food and great service.
5	Great food for the price. Fast, friendly service. I plan to go back
4	This place is the real deal!I love traveling to the southwest US, so i can dine on authentic food like this!Service was fast, and portions were MASSIVE.
1	The cheapest, most tasteless mexican food I've ever had. Very greasy,horrible cheese.
1	had a business casual lunch planned at the stir fry which was next door to Carambas (was as the stir fry is now closed)  We decided to go to Carambas and it was disgusting. I had two carne asada tacos and a side of rice. The meat tasted spoiled and the rice was sick.  If this was not bad enough there was a fly that kept buzzing both of us- most likely could not resist the bad meat that sat on my plate. Stay away from this place and save your money.
2	But it's a good two stars if that makes any sense at all. Better than taco bell (I would rate taco bell a one star). You are not going to leave and say what ever you had was the yummiest whatever. I've been here a number of times over the years and the last time I had a chicken taco salad. I don't know if it was a bad day for chicken but the day I had the chicken it was terribly dry and awful. I was afraid to order chicken again and since I don't usually eat beef on a salad I asked for fish instead. They gave me fish I don't know but I think it was tilapia. The fish wasn't oily but I could taste pre used sort of burnt tasting pan oil on it. My salad was very average with an unripe tomato wedge on it. I thought the salsas were good this time and it also was a good day for guacamole. My husband had the carnitas and they were not like he expected but thought they were passable. (see photo and you will know what I mean)This food is just passable and sadly one of the better of the fast casual Mexi places in the area.The $3.75 Margaritas are very strong and the food will seem better if you suck one down before you eat.
4	The patio is always crowded, even when it's 115 degrees outside. It's crowded because every seat inside the restaurant is taken. They have misters out there, but they don't really work too well. What is it then, that convinces throngs of West siders to endure the blasting heat and sun beating down on them?A $3.25 margarita that tastes great and will knock you on your ass.
5	Favorite Mexican food spot hands down since I was 10 years old.  Pollo Asado burrito is the best and nobody has ever been able to match the flavor and freshness.  All restaurants are great, not just the one on Bell Rd.
1	I had a bad experience here, so I don't think I will be returning to a Caramba restaurant again.When I went my food was alright. It wasn't very good, but I didn't think it was too bad either. What really turned me off was that one of my friends that went along with me found a bee in her meal. When she took it to the worker he told her it wasn't a bee, but an olive. He finally gave her a new one after trying to unsuccessfully convince her that it was an olive. It was definitely an insect. It bugged me that he didn't even take responsibility for it. After that I didn't really finish my meal, because all I could think about was the bee in my friend's dinner.
5	Carambas has the best red chile in my opinion!  The food is excellent and prepared quick enough.  It is fresh, tasty, and a fantastic value.I highly recommend getting flour chips plain and using that to dip in salsa and beans, so yummy!
3	I got their shredded beef burrito special and I have to say I was extremely disappointed, it just wasn't good.  However my wife got their green chili tamales and they were pretty darn good.
4	It's a simple order at the window, pay, take a seat, wait for your number to be called, and eat system. Portions are big, food taste Mexican- American, and good prices. I would consider this an upscale Taco Bell. The cashier was very informative and helpful. He had some good recommendations.  They have a great selection for the free salsa bar. Free nachos are always good. I got the carne Asada tacos which were good. I also went for the tamales which were pretty authentic. Save room for dessert bc the fried ice cream is pretty legit. I was overall satisfied. Nothing out of the ordinary and nothing negative hence only 4 stars.
1	I had a bad experience here.I found hair in my food.  Went I went to bring it to the attention of management a 20 something year old "mgr" was at the front register.  All I got from his was a bad attitude and him saying "did you ever stop to consider that the hair is yours?"  That would be hard seeing that the hair I found was black.  I do not have black hair.  The numerous cooks and people that they have working behind the counter have black hair.  Needless to say I will never patronize this establishment ever again.  The "mgr" completely ruined any chance of recovery and his attitude was absolutely horrible.
4	Simple fast and good food.  Order, pay, eat and leave.  It's really kind of refreshing and then you get guality food in addition. It's kind of a no brainer. Affordable and good portion sizes as well.  The service is actually pretty nice too.
2	Cheap and pretty quick. Food was average, margaritas alright.
5	Food was amazing, staff was awesome, manager was accommodating. He told me the Margarita would put hair on my chest and he was right! I wish we lived around here!!
1	Terrible customer service. Cashier got order wrong then had to argue with her to change it from regular burrito to giant caramba. She should've just fixed her mistake. Then she charged me 50 cents to get my horchata without ice. It was bad enough that want a quarter for a soda refill. I'm being nickled and dimed and I don't like it. Won't be going back.
1	I've eaten at Caramba's a couple of times hoping the experience would be different at different locations. I have to say, the food is awful. Everything seems to be smothered in a red sauce which does nothing for the food. Caramba is the epitome of disgusting, bland Mexican food
5	I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.Their carne asada burrito is the best I've had in the valley! I love it that you don't have to pay extra for the guacamole on the burrito!! And they have fantastic pico de gallo as well!Great for a quick lunch or dinner...and I just realized they serve breakfast too! Breakfast served ALL DAY, at that! My friends even had their wedding rehearsal dinner here 2 years ago! Excellent and efficient service, no long line, happy man at the register...makes for a great place to eat!
1	Had 2, 2 tacos combos and 1coke, $18.94!!!! What are these people thinking? Are they joking? It's unreal how these restaurants keep ripping people off, 4 tacos for almost $20 dollars, unreal, this shouldn't be over $12 dollars, if you are unable to provide food at a reasonable price, close and do something else, bc the end will be the same
1	***No bueno.The spinach enchiladas I didnt 'peso' much for, came out looking like Enchiladas  Benedict. I dont know what was on top, but it appeared to be poached eggs. My friend paid for the meal and I was trying to be courtesy and eat some of it. Little did I know I would be vomiting chunky spinach 3 hours later. I ate corn nuts, carmel corn and even pasta with Alfredo sauce AFTER I ate at Caramba but none of that came out when I spewed. How does that occur?Only the spinach and cheese from yummy Caramba was left floating in the porcelain bowl.
5	Shrimp cocktails and margaritas!!!! Hands down! The best in this side of town and the guys working here have the best customer service!
4	My favorite quick Mexican lunch. The giant carambola is the best value ever. I eat here twice a week for lunch with people from work.They are quick and the food is great. The only annoying thing is they are kind of skimpy with the salsa. I hate those little jars that you can put 1 chips worth in.Highly recommend
5	Favorite place to go have Mexican Food.  Love the food but be careful of the margaritas.  They will sneak up on you if you aren't careful. I recommend stopping at 2 :)Juan and the crew are awesome and they have a great patio!!!
3	Oh no.. I've been waiting for my order for more than 15 minutes. I understand it was busy but they've been calling numbers 29, 30 & 31 those people who are eating in the restaurant (my number was 26 and it's to go) They should prioritize orders that are to go. I ordered carnitas and it was not what i expected. I paid $8 something and I didn't even finish it. I should have just ordered crispy tacos on the safe side.
4	This is not my first time to carambas. It is an easy stop at any of the locations. This one at 67 and bell is clean and the staff is friendly. I usually order the giant caramba it's the most bang for the buck. It is the same every time I order it and I appreciate consistency. I came with a friend who ordered some other burrito that pales in comparison to the giant caramba and it was only 50 cents less. Needless to say he left hungry while I dined on the kings feast. It's now 5 hours later and I'm still full. I'll bet next time he will go big or just go home.
2	Caramba isn't the Best or most Authentic Mexican Food but it is a Budget Family Friendly Place that happens to serve some seriously VERY strong $3.75 Margaritas. (I think they were $3.75)  It's casual as you order at the counter, seat yourself and wait for your number to be called. They also serve breakfast items all day and all your Mexi Favorites.Caramba is a better alternative to Taco Bell or Chipolte and offers a large patio and is one of the better fast casual Mexican Restaurants in the immediate area.Many Caramba locations are in the area.
5	The chicken and shrimp tacos are really good. They also have a good variety of fresh salsas that had great flavor. I've been coming to Carambas for years and have never been let down.
3	You know, for Phoenix, it's not too bad for Mexican food. While our car was broken down, we walked over here and decided on the quesadilla. WOW! It's gigantic. And I didn't think of taking a pic. And not too bad! Nice and cheesy with chicken and sour cream/guac. It had other stuff in it too I just can't remember. They have a great outdoor seating area and prices are pretty decent. But, it was just missing that Cali flavor that only Cali knows. I just can't give it better than a 3.
2	Tastes like microwave Mexican food, not so good. Sucks I had to pay $15 to find that out.  Hopefully next time I visit the food will taste alot  fresher than what they claim to sell
1	If I could give this "0" this would receive this!  I stopped in here last night because I am always seeing how crowded it is, surely that must mean the food must be good, right?  Not always the case.I ordered the shrimp burrito and I still do not know what it was that I was served.  While it had the outside appearance of a burrito, the inside was far from it.  It was like street taco meets Asian flare; what I do know, was not a shrimp burrito. Inside was cabbage, grilled onions, grilled green peppers, diced tomatoes and shrimp.   And the taste?  The shrimp didn't taste "right" and creamy sauce with caramelized onions and green peppers just did not mix.This was my first and last experience
2	The only good thing about this place is their cheap, super-strong margaritas and it's close enough for us to ride our bikes to. Otherwise it's the same menu as all the 'Berto's restaurants and Mixteca. I'm sure they all use the same food distributor too. I don't get why it's consistently busy.
4	Im not gonna lie, I freakin love this place. Lolz Their chip and salsas is amazing, andddd rhey have different kind of salsas for you to choose as well.My vegetarian chimhunga was perfect. The texture to it was heaven in my mouth. But they slapped on wayyyy too much sour cream.  Orher than that, I like this place.
5	I have eaten here twice.  The first time I got that salad thing with the radishes and cold shredded beef.  Salpicon or something like that.  I just told the guy I was looking for a salad, and he recommended it.  It was very fresh with generous sour cream and guacamole.  The guac was actually made out of avocados.  None of that fake "avocado spread" nonsense.  Plenty of meat on that thing.  Was happy with the food and price.The second time, my BF got takeout for us.  He got the spinach enchiladas, and I got the shrimp burrito.  Once again, we were very happy with the food and price.  My burrito had lots of shrimp and fresh, crunchy veggies inside with a great sauce.  I remember that the burrito was $8, and the enchiladas were $5.
5	My wife and I have been going to Carumba's for the past 18 years. Both of our children used to munch on tortilla chips while perched atop the table while seated in their carrier seat.Juan is truly a master of customer service. Always ready to get to know the clientele with a friendly smile and warm personality. The staff are friendly and never fail to make us feel as if we are part of the family. Their margaritas (primo is best) are second to none. For the price you just can't beat them. The food is authentic Sonoran style Mexican.
5	Amazing bartender Jake will take of you with yummy food and great drinks.  The mojito is the best!
5	Cannot get enough of this place! We come here a minimum of once a month but usually more like once or twice a week. Paul, the owner is such a sweet man who always greets us with a smile. The staff is very nice. The food is outstanding.Love it. Love it. Love it.
2	Yuck. Had a "carnitas" burrito. More like stewed, watery pork in a less-than-passable tortilla. My friend had the chicken and steak tacos. All I can say is BLECH. Made with something like American shredded cheese and then possibly deep fried; Jack In The Box makes better tacos. On another note, all the trash bins were overflowing. Nice touch (sarcastically said) to a less than spectacular burrito and taco experience.
3	Americanized Mexican food. It's a-ok when sometimes you just want that type of cuisine. Prices are all very reasonable and portions are good sized. There's a huge outdoor patio area and a "cantina" area that had more of a bar feel. There's also interior seating in a no frills fast food environment.
