3	Dropped in here for lunch today to discover a fairly small but comfortable sort of place.  I found a nice booth, & then sauntered over to the serving area, but to find only 21 trays of food.  Eek!  That's dinky for a Chinese buffet, plus a TV was blabbing out an informercial.  So far we were at 2-Stars, & weak ones at that.I decided to reach for the Egg Flower Soup (instead of my keys), & back at the table, it was good.  Serverita showed up, was friendly, & also agreed to turn down the TV, so I began to warm up to the place.Yelpies gripe about oily fried rice.  Well, it was delicious pork fried rice here, & it wasn't oily.  In fact, I thought everything was fine & look at the amazingly low price!  I'll go back.Lunch Buffet $4.95
2	The buffet is very inexpensive and the lady who served me is friendly, but the food -- well, this is the only buffet I've been to where I didn't return for seconds, and had a hard time finishing what I did take from the serving trays. The  selections were limited, the appearance of the food lacked appeal, and unfortunately that was also reflected in the taste of the food.
4	My family has been going here since before I was born, mom and dad actually stopped there on the way home from the hosptial when my brother was born.  My mom learned how to make sweet and sour sauce from one of the first cooks. Although it has gone through 3 owners, I think in my life, they have always kept it the same.  The number selections are small compared to today's mega Chinese buffetts, but their fried rice is the best I've had on any buffett.  The other dish I highly recomend are the meatballs! My bro and I always call ahead to see if the meatballs are on the buffett that day.  They are like nothing I've had anywhere else, sauce is sort of a cross of sweet and sour and a really bold bbq sauce.  Most the other dishes are just moderate in taste and quality. The service is always friendly and quick. I reconize it may not be everyone's cup of tea, but I think every should try it at least once.
5	Like Kris H., my family has also been coming here for many many years. The food is great, the service is very warm and welcoming. my family would take the whole back section that was closed off to the rest of the dining room and we'd put the tables together and fit as many as we could. some of my earliest memories were there, my mother's as well. Will be in my future children's memories for sure.
4	Unfortunately, as Jennifer P. posted they have closed :( anyone know if the chef is cooking for a new restaurant?
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Sorry to see Him's JL close.  I liked the place.     :-(
