5	Was over at Lexus this morning getting the ES350 serviced, and let me just say - Lexus knows how to take care of you. Even if you bring kids. They have drinks, soda, water and juice. Hot chocolate or coffee. Snacks and a kids play area. Everyone is so nice and takes care of you so well. I will keep coming back because of the service. Whoever is on charge of this team/location give yourself a pat on the back.
4	My husband and I are in the market for a new SUV.  Well, new to us since I don't believe in buying a brand new car (hello depreciation!).  After some searching, we found a 2008 LX 470 at this dealership and made an appointment with Brian to check it out.  Upon arrival, Brian was finally tracked down and told me he thought we didn't have an appointment until later.....nope, not the case.  He was busy with another customer, and passed us on to someone else.  Not a good first impression.  The salesman we did work with was great.  Here's the thing.  I grew up in the car industry with my dad owning a GM dealership, so I know how these things work.  He did a good job of trying to sell us without over doing it and turning us off.  Ultimately, the SUV wasn't what we were looking for, but if they get another one in that's a better fit we'll probably return.  In addition - the dealership is gorgeous and you can tell they take care of their customers!
5	My 5 stars is for a very simple reason- customer service.  From the second I pulled into the parking lot in January to get my "new" car, I have had nothing but the best experience. Ever.  My sales person was very nice and didn't come off as a "used car salesman" at all.  He was kind and spoke to me like an adult, unlike my previous car buying experience where I was talked to like a little girl and patted on the head after making my purchase.  I have come to the dealership for oil changes and will continue to pay the higher price because I am treated so well.  At my first service, I was informed that they were doing a recall on a part in my car and that they would go ahead and fix for me since my car was already there.  When I told them that I had plans for later in the day, I was told that it wouldn't be a problem and they would give a loaner car- for free!  So, for 8 hours I got to drive a 2011 IS250C, instead of sitting in the lobby of the dealership bored out of my mind.My most recent stop, yesterday, was for another oil change.  I had mentioned that I was hearing a noise in my engine and I was told that they would take care of it.  Again, I arrived in my car and left in a loaner so that they could take care of my car.  When I received the call that my car was finished I was told that they were going to keep it over night to make sure that all of the necessary repairs were going to completely correct the problem.  What?!  This has never happened to me before, I'm usually told to come pick my car up and if it happens again to let them know.  Not here, it's not their style.I am very confident when making this statement, I will never purchase a car anywhere other than at SS Lexus.  They're the best.
2	Bad Experience!!! I loved the selection of cars they had. I went there yesterday to test drive a lexus is250 used. I fell in love with the car and would of bought it right then and there. But the sales associate Easton McIntosh was terrible!!! If you ever go there please see another sales associate! I have never felt that belittled ever by someone.If your buying a car you should never feel like that. One, its already a stressful situation buying a car. Second, to have the sales associate talk you down and belittle you is so unprofessional. At one point he said to me and my dad; "Why are you even here if you cant afford the car." HOW RUDE!!!! Tells you a lot about the company if they have people like that working for them. They were non negotiable. This is my first car and I had 50% cash down payment and he still wouldn't work with me. Ill find another car elsewhere and where they appreciate my business. To bad because I loved the car. If anyone on here knows of another sales associate at this dealership who is willing to work with you let me know, thank you!!
1	I know what you are thinking, oh this is a review by one of those individuals who is never pleased and lives to critique. In fact, this is my first time reviewing and especially yelping about anything...ever. The service I have received with nearly each and every visit to this dealership over the past 7 years has been just that bad. With my initial purchase of a brand new IS in 2006, I was actually quite pleased with the service that I received. Since then however, the management has changed hands several times, from a kind and respectable GM to a rather rude and Mob-esque gentleman who each time I came in seemed more stressed out and in worse condition than the previous visit. After literally hearing him tell a customer that she was an idiot, a very kind old lady, for not taking the deal he was offering, while wearing ripped jeans and flip flops mind you, he was let go and his partner in crime, for lack of a better word, was promoted to the position, which he still holds now. In spite of this, I knew personally the owner of the dealership, who has recently passed away, and decided that I would give them another shot and returned to purchase my second Lexus. I was treated very harshly by Easton Macintosh, who was not only unhelpful, but at times so aggressive that it came off as threatening. The straw that broke the camels back occurred recently when my wife came in to have her car looked at due to an electrical problem, which apparently according to Lexus is somehow, by some stretch of their ignorant and uncaring imagination a slight problem, apparently too slight to merit customer service and consideration more easily found at my Hyundai dealership. I have purchased more than 70k in vehicles from this institution and know the previous owner and his widow personally and still I cannot receive treatment sufficient to feel less than bothersome, let alone appreciated at this particular dealership. If there were negative stars here I would grant them, to what end I honestly do not know as there appears to be no accountability or professionalism left to bemoan this review. I am writing this not because I believe that it will affect change in this backslidden dealership, but warn those who might be misled by the above cited comments. I have been a customer of this dealership for 7 years, long enough to demonstrate a pattern of customer disloyalty and outright disrespect that continues to worsen and like the so called condiments and luxuries, are fleeting at best. I am not proud of writing this review and again it is not something I do often, but for your sake purchase your car from Scottsdale or Chandler i assure you it is worth the drive, you might even receive free loaner cars...Imagine that luxury coming along with a luxury $70k purchase.
1	Bait and switched me on an advertised GX that was mysteriously sold when I got to the lot. But hey, you can buy this other GX for only 20k more!How bout I write you a crappy Yelp review and we call it even. Here's your review. Thanks for reminding me why car dealers have such an awesome reputation. Next time I'll go to Craig's List, at least the guys that rip you off there are more honest about it.
5	The only car dealership I've ever enjoyed working with. I leased a car from them four years ago and just bought my lease out and both times i never spent more than an hour in the dealership. The staff is so friendly and low pressure. Great experience!
5	Very friendly staff, very knowledgable with anything you ask! Unlike other dealerships there wasn't a big push to buy, me and the hubby were looking for an SUV, they showed us all the latest models and the east financial offers they had! Didn't see any that caught our eye, but if I wanted to get a LS 460 any time soon, I would come here to get it!
5	I can't express how amazing this dealership is Brent is an amazing person our sales person Emily was great I really appreciated all he did this dealership is the way to go if ur buying a Lexus can't go wrong!!!! Thank u guys so much!!!!!
5	So far so good...you've chosen the right dealership.  For the best service experience ever (though,) you will need a name.  I have one - worthy of jotting down if your memory is bad...Angel Acedo!Taking the car for service is not my thing and NOT my job!  It's my husband's!  Everybody knows this!!  (I've had too many bad experiences and nothing upsets me more.)  But, after driving 1,000 miles with a dashboard light and warning message, I took the car - kicking and screaming, ready to "bite" the first person who looked at me the wrong way.  Man alive!  What a surprise when meeting Angel!  When I dropped off the car he treated me with courtesy and respect.  (Believe it or not, we actually had a conversation.)  He gave a loaner as promised and I left.  I was feeling pretty good motoring down the road until I remembered it could be a "countdown" - waiting for the other shoe to drop.Guess what???  No shoe!  What I received from Angel was the very best service experience of "any" Lexus dealership!  I was treated well, my car was completed when promised, and there was no up-sell!Angel Acedo.....write it down.
5	Buying or leasing a car is typically not a fun experience......especially for a female.  I have nothing but positive things to say about Superstition Springs Lexus, Easton McIntosh and Brent Adkinsson. They both made the process easy, fast and with no pressure. And I feel like I got a good deal! If you are in the market for a car....I would recommend Superstition Lexus!
1	This has to be the worse Lexus dealership I've been to. 2 months ago, I came to this place to get an oil change that turned into $4000 recommended service. The person that helped me was George and I told him I have an extended warranty and will only fix what they will approved. Long story short, the insurance will pay for them to fix my steering wheel which the fluid was leaking. The total came out to be $1600 which insurance will pay for and my part is $100 deductible. Got a call back a few hours later saying that my total will be $400 which include flushing steering wheel fluid. I had already told him time and time that I do not want additional services since I do not need things like that right now. I had my car serviced at Lexus San Diego before moving here and they did not find anything wrong. Needless to say I won't come back here. However, adding salt to injury when I brought my car to Lexus of Scottsdale, they told me that rubber mounts on the steering rack was ripped open on the driver side and twisted on the passenger side. They had called the insurance for me and was told that it was already paid to be fix two months ago. I had to brought my car back to the dealership to get it fixed and of course I was not getting good service. I hope this will be the last time I have to deal with them. I will take my car to Lexus of Scottsdale even if it is a 25 miles drive. If you come here, this is what you can expect, over recommendation of services that you do not need. They are super stingy about loaner cars and only give you a quarter of tank to drive. If you're just here for oil change, then forget about it. I never had this problem at the other two Lexus dealerships I've been to which always provide a full tank of gas. Just be careful before you sign anything. I learned it the hard way. Stay away if possible!!!!
5	I bought my car from there and Angel Acedo in Service takes care of ALL my needs.  He is so courteous and takes his time to go over any concerns or questions I have.  Even if some of the issues have been me being over cautious with my new purchase, Angel has been patient and explains everything.  I needed some warrenty work done and he offered me a courtesy car while mine was being fixed.  He goes above and beyond any expectation I had.   He is easy to talk to and someone I can trust.  Everyone in the dealership is so friendly and they make you feel like a guest in their home.
5	I've always had a great experience at this dealership. The luxury experience goes so much further than the car itself. They understand how to find new customers and retain existing.
5	I just moved back to Phoenix after being in Portland for several years and have been trying to establish a relationship with a dealership. After a series of bad experiences I was led to Superstition Springs Lexus and was treated very well. My service advisor, Nicholas, was friendly and most importantly he didn't try to sell me on service I didn't need. He had me in and out and at a price that was much more reasonable than other Lexus dealerships in the area. This dealership is out of my way since I live in downtown Phoenix but it is well worth the drive. I will definitely be back.
1	I contacted Superstition Springs Lexus via the internet and expressed interest in a used vehicle they advertised. We made an appointment to go out and see the vehicle and made sure the internet person was aware I was driving over 40 minutes to see the vehicle.  I received a number of texts letting me know they were waiting for me and provided me with the appointment time via text and email.  So far my experience was great.  About 30 minutes before our appointment, While driving out there, I received a message from a sales person named Steve.  His message said and they were waiting for us and wanted to confirm our appointment.  When we arrived, we met Rashad the internet sales person and he said we would be working with Steve.  We met Steve, and he was not the least bit friendly.  He appeared disheveled and was the typical used car sales person - not what I would have expected at a Lexus dealership.  He started talking about finding us a vehicle to which I told him we were out there to look at a specific vehicle.  He said he knew nothing about it even though I saw he was holding the sheet that had the information about the vehicle we were looking for.  He said he wasn't sure it was available.  I told him that if it wasn't, we would be leaving.  He went  and got the internet guy Rashad and we were advised the vehicle was no longer available but they would be happy to show us a different vehicle.  I told him the least he could have done was called me to save me the drive.  I completely understand that vehicles come and go, but the fact that they didn't advise me  when they had just left me a message, leads me to believe they were up to typical used car sales  tricks.  I'm assuming by the reviews that buying a new car at Superstition Springs Lexus is a different experience than buying a used one.  I made the decision to go to Superstition Springs Lexus because I thought they were a reputable dealership, I wanted to completely avoid the typical used car sales people.  Unfortunately, that's exactly what we got.
5	My husband and I love vehicles. We check and research cars, trucks, SUV's, LUV's. You name it we are checking it out. By checking out all these vehicles we also notice many things about the dealerships and how they are run. We both agree that Superstition Springs Lexus is top notch when it comes to customer service, pricing and quality. We owned a couple of Lexii's in the past and we returned to a Lexus because of the safety of the car and quality of it's fit and finish. You can't beat the price point for what it has to offer.Our leasing experience was a no stress, friendly and respectable environment throughout the entire process. I would have expected less due to the high stress the holiday season typically brings but, Everybody at this dealership was great!We want to exclusively mention a few people here that went above and beyond. Krystal White, our finance director was amazing! We love her! She really knew the business and answered all of our questions. She is a true asset to Superstition Springs Lexus. Her. Her professionalism really shows and she gets it when it comes to customer service. Thanks Krystal for everything!We would also like to mention Peter Schumacher our sales person. Peter was easy to talk to and friendly. Peter is also a great asset to the dealership. His knowledge, skills and ability surpass many sales person we have dealt with i the past. We appreciate him making our leasing experience streamlined.We also like to thank Matt Samselski our Sales Manager. He was fantastic. Matt demonstrated a friendly and courteous relationship with us and truly came through with what we were looking for in our decision making. Matt is another true asset to Superstition Springs Lexus. We can tell that with such great people here at this dealership it is without doubt whether your buying,leasing you will have a positive experience. We highly recommend anyone looking for a vehicle to make the extra effort to visit them despite any distance issues. You will not be disappointed! Keep up the fantastic job! We will definitely be return customers!Oh and not to forget Ben Smihula the parts manager. He is also very friendly and professional and knew his stuff. What a nice group of people here. We can't express enough Thanks!
