3	I was so exited to see a filipino place in North Las Vegas.  I have been begging my husband to take me out for filipino food forever.  Finally I just went by myself to get some lumpia after drooling over the online menu for the last couple of days.  Okay so I'm not a flip but the place smelled like my mother-in-laws house, and that got me even more exited for the food.  I only ordered lumpia which flooded my whole car with the delicious smell all the way home.  I know I'm not much of an expert when it comes to filipino food but this stuff was awsome.  Not like mother-in-laws cooking, but still good.
3	This restaurant is near my relatives place in North Las Vegas across the Albertson's on Ann Rd and Simmons.  When you walk into the small and cozy place,  it's got a nice homey feel and smell.  They have a Filipino channel on TV most of the time.  If that popular Filipino game/variety program  Wowowee" is on, the whole place is watching.  The furniture is far from fancy. There are Filipino newsletters and advertisements on a rack.The people behind the counter are ready to dish their cafeteris stylle Filipino fast food, or  you could order from their menu and eat here or take out.  The prices are decent with a two item combo plate for $5.00. As you order, the customers watch the TV hostess's do her thing,  with botox-ed overly made up face and whiny voice. We get the food to go.  We had the pancit (stir fried noodles with small pieces of veggies and meat), lumpia (filipino egg roll) and halo halo (milk, candied fruit, ice cram, and crushed ice).  They were all decent. But as another reviewer wrote, all of their cafeteria items had fat and gristle in some of their pork and beef, and I don't like that at all. I would prefer they trim most of that junk out and charge a higher price.  It's quality that makes me come back.  I don't know if I will for their fast food. I will  come back for their halo halo though it's still not as good as the Goldilocks version. So if you are in the area and you need your Filipino food fix, this is an okay substitute before you get the real thing.  Compared to my mom's and friends' cooking, it's just okay,  Also, I am just not a fan of cafeteria style fast food that sits and wilts.
2	I had high hopes for this little Filipino restaurant, but it just doesn't cut it.  It is like a panda express with filipino food.  The Good:It was fairly inexpensive.the food was authentic.The sausage was excellent.The bad:The food in the warming trays were not freshly cooked.  The place had carpet on the floor and it was pretty dirty.They charge $1 for debt cards under $10.They did not have pork adobo-that is only a special on a certain day?The chicken adobo was mostly fragments of bones with a little meat on them.  I would pass on this place.  Not trying to disparriage a family owned restaurant - but they just don't have it together.
3	Well, I can't honestly say I know what Filipino food is "supposed" to taste like, but I've eaten here a few times and it has been tasty. Today I had tapsilog, which was good except for one piece of grisly meat. Previously I've tried their adobo and skewers which were very good. Overall, I still like the tapsilog from Aloha Kitchen better and the adobo from Elenas, but this is good too.
1	I remember coming here the first few days it had opened.  For a place that is called Pancit Adobo, you'd you'd think they'd at least get those two dishes right. Pancit and adobo are two signature Filipino dishes that you cannot mess up.  If you cannot master those two, I'm a bit hesitant on trying anything else.So thank you, but no thank you...
4	I'm sorry to the previous reviewers that don't like this place as much as I do. Yes, despite the name, I do not get the pancit, or the adobo, so I have no comment on those...What I do enjoy there is the PINAKBET! It is one of the tastiest, flavor filled, soupy, soft, and delicious dishes that I have had! Almost better than my Aunt's in Hawaii... BUT NO ONE can beat the goodness of a home cooked meal.I also frequently get the lumpiang shanghai and the barbecue (or skewers) which I happen to think are amazing as well.The workers are friendly, and I think it's great there's finally some Filipino food in the North side of Vegas.
4	i didnt like this place at first.  but as months passed by and i didnt wanna drive all the way to maryland parkway for some decent filipino food i gave it another shot.  and im glad i did, the food was fresh, especially the lechon kuwali, they cut it fresh right when you order it.and next time you go, order the pancit palabok.  best i've had. they use thin noodles which i love.
2	This place reminds me of the Philippines...in a bad way.  I'd like to lead off with this disclosure: I love to visit the Philippines, it's a mostly gorgeous country, and the people are top notch. With that stated, my experience with businesses in the Philippines is pretty consistent: "the customer is always wrong".  This was also my experience at Pancit Adobo.I ordered the Arroz Caldo to try the breakfast dish.  For $4.99, you get a delicious soupy rice and chicken dish and coffee.  Well, that's what you are supposed to get.  Instead, I was given a different Arroz Caldo meal (about $6.25) and was charged an extra $1.00 for the instant coffee.  I decided to discuss the matter with the person at the cash register.  The discussion went nowhere.  I then used a visual aid...the restaurants advertised breakfast special that was hanging on the wall.  With my finger, I pointed at their advertisement.  I was told that even though the sign said "$4.99 breakfast includes coffee" and Arroz Caldo was the very first item listed, it was really the dishes that were under the Arroz Caldo that were for $4.99.  What???I liked the Arroz Caldo.  It was freshly cooked.  The coffee was fine.  Most of the dishes they offer are pre-cooked, out on display.  If you like your Filipino food fresh, this may not be the place for you.  If you like businesses that honor their own advertised prices, this may not be the place for you.  If you long for the experience of "the customer is always wrong"...you've struck gold here.
3	I successfully ordered the breakfast special today.  This time, for $4.99, I had the filipino spaghetti.  For those who have never eaten filipino spaghetti, the sauce is quite sweet, and has a mix of ground beef and hot dog slices.  Thanks to my wife, who had not given up on this place even though I did.  She has consistently scouted out Pancit Adobo, and has concluded that it's best to eat there in the morning, when the food is first put out fresh.  I can say that it was busy this morning.  Heck, I even saw an employee from Panda Express eating there.
2	My familiarity with Filipino food is limited to what my Filipino friends have either shared or recommended to me-- Pancit and Lumpia.Given that, I have never been into a foreign-food restaurant in the Las Vegas area that basically only catered to people who are already very familiar with the food and the language. The menu didn't have any English descriptions (except for the description of Filipino Spaghetti) and I had no clue what anything was except for what I already knew-- Pancit (although there were two different kinds and I didn't know the difference) and Lumpia.I glanced at the food on the Panda Express-style serving line and decided to skip it because most of the trays were either scraped empty or the food looked like it had dried out. So I scanned the menu and decided to order both the pancit and the lumpia. The young man at the register was extremely polite and explained some of the foods to me without coming off as condescending, or making me feel like an idiot! The Pancit came out piping hot and tasted just as amazing as it smelled! I also got way more than I expecting for the price. They nearly overflowed my to-go box with hot and delicious pancit!On the other hand, the lumpia smelled and tasted like it had been fried, refrigerated and then fried again. The inside was extremely dry and chewy and the outside looked and tasted burnt. I ended up only eating 2 of the 10+ pieces of lumpia.Overall, I definitely wouldn't recommend this to my non-Filipino friends because I wouldn't want them to feel as lost and out-of-place as I did. And I wouldn't recommend this place to my Filipino friends because I only tried two things from this place one of which sucked, the other I'm no connoisseur of anyway, I just know what I think tastes good.
4	this place isn't too bad!! if you're craving some homemade filipino cuisine, this is the place to go!! i found this place about 2 months ago and i've been there at least once a week ordering the pancit bihon, lechon kawali and fried chicken skin... i know fried chicken skin sounds gross, but it is DELICIOUS!!!! the price isn't too bad there, but getting the fried chicken skin at least twice a week for $5.99 + tax isn't cheap!!! it adds up!! LOL - well... what can i say?!?! it's worth it!!!
4	I just recently discovered Filipino food and since then I have cravings every now and then. One of those cravings took me to Pancit Adobo which is closer to where I live. This is a small place with an OK selection of Filipino food. Most of the stuff they have is already cooked and set in a buffet type of thing  behind the counter. You pick what you want, they put it on a plate and ready set eat :) I had some type of a green soup, which tasted wonderfully vinegary and also a portion of their chicken Adobo, which was very good as well. I can see myself going to this place more often. The staff was very friendly and let me try the soup before I ordered it.
3	this resturant was pretty close to where i live so it was one of the first choices for dinner that night and it was a pretty good choice the location was easy to find and the staff was friendly and the place was pretty clean ....the food was good aswell ....but i fear that i could make most of this food and save me the gas .....so it deserves 3 stars
