3	this particular wimpy's is not as good as the one in Guelph, I meant the food! atmosphere and services are good.
3	The breakfast is hit and miss with this location. I've been there a few times and go there knowing that the home fries are really french fries and not chopped potatoe home fries but at least everything else is ok but today's service was a straight up miss!This place serves ok breakfast and the service can be good but it can be very bad too.
2	I went to Wimpy's diner because my family had been craving good diner food for a loong time. Although the atmosphere of the restaurant is cool and unique, the food was just OK. I've definitely had better diner food.What to expect-Wimpy's has a cool, retro, Americana feel complete with the record covers and old school 25 cent JUKEBOX!! Too bad it was not working when we went.-The servers were friendly and checked up on us frequently. -Food was a little slow, but that's probably because they were a little busy.-Servings are GENEROUS for the price IMO.What to eat-Had the Salisbury steak with peas, caramelized  onions and rice. It was a little under seasoned, but the meat was delicious, otherwise it was just OK.-Also had a breakfast dish that had 2 eggs, peameal bacon, hash browns and breakfast sausage. It was again, just TYPICAL breakfast food you'd find in a diner.-Cheeseburger was DELICIOUS, I'd say one of the top burgers I've ever tried. They were very generous with the amount of cheese and the patty itself was very juicy. This is just a restaurant you should try once and to enjoy the atmosphere, but the food is just ok.
1	worst greasy and salty food i had ever tasted
4	Great location, decor and a solid breakfast. Service was quick and the food did not disappoint. We were in Kitchener for the night and this was the best way to start our morning the next day. Will return!
4	Likely the best club sandwich I've ever had -- real roasted turkey, balanced well with crispy bacon and lightly toasted bread. The restaurant is small, so a line at the door is normal, but the turn-around at the tables is quick, so you can expect to be seated relatively quickly. Service is very good: fast as amiable.
