5	These guys ARE great. When you've got anything in mind for your 4x4 that goes above and beyond how it rolled off the factory floor, they've got the parts, the experience, and the know-how to get you squared away. Good selection of accessories and upgrades, and there's enough combined knowledge in store to choke a horse.Labor rates are extremely fair. They can do anything from install a lift to repair a frame. There are about a million chain and local "off-road shops" in the valley, but 4Wheelers is the only one that's earned my trust.
5	Fantastic guys! Very honest and nobody does better work. Have had them do 3 jeeps now and they have done my right every time!A+++++++
5	Just got my Jeep back from having them do a lift on it.  The work was done ahead of time for exactly the price they quoted.  Everything looks great and they went out of their way to tell me to bring it back at 500 miles and they will re-check everything.  They also said they'd check/re-do the alignment after I got my wheels and tires put on, which I'm not buying from them (private deal from another Jeep guy).All around everyone is helpful and friendly.  I trust the advice because they actually told me not to buy some of the extras I was considering.  Not often a store/shop will turn down money for your own benefit.  Obviously they know that happy customers will keep coming back.As I told other Jeep owners that they were doing a lift, the comments universally were, Those guys are great, they'll do a great job."
4	These guys are great for budget/diy types like myself. They have a great selection of brackets, tabs, and builder parts. I have never felt awkward going in and picking they're brain a little when I get stumped by a project, the same cannot be said for some of the other shops around town. As a result, I will happily drive the 45 miles to get there while passing by a half a dozen or so shops on the way. I picked up a set of used tires, for mocking up the suspension on my Willys, for dirt cheap. My only beef is that their "showroom" inventory seemed a little sparse the last time I was there, but i'm sure if you ask, they'll have it or can get it, quick.
