1	I hate to hand out single star badges of honor on here, but this place deserves it.  When they first opened a review would have been 4 stars but lately the service from inside and wash staff drops it to one star.  The last 2 times we have taken our cars in they have not been very clean including them not even trying to vacuum out the back of my wife's SUV last time she was there.  To top it off when she went to pay with a coupon that can be printed off of their website at this moment they refused to accept the coupon saying that the prices have changed and we "need to deal with it".  Mind you this coupon has no expiration date on it and is currently active on the web.  We finally got a hold of a manager who was not to thrilled to correct the pricing error, and lastly they charged us for an extra quart of oil when their oil changes come with 5 quarts and according to the manual the engine holds just under 5 quarts.  Wont be going here again.
2	Went here for the first time today. Was only going to get a regular wash since no reviews on here regarding how well they wax. Anyhow, I found a coupon online and showed it to them on my cell phone. They accepted that. It was for a handwax and wash. I also filled up gas and two guys continuously tried to upsell various services including armor all, winshield chip repair, and a was and wax that was over one hundred dollars. When I politely refused, they said they would put it onto a card and I could use it in the future since the special was miraculously going to end today. I refused again and they finally backed off. The guy forgot my gas tank had already filled like 10 mins prior and finally had my car pushed to vaccuum.After vaccuuming (couldn't tell if they got the back since my car was covered by another larger car in my field of view), some guy got into my car and peeled it out into the washer. Ok, I usually HATE when people touch my car who don't deserve to, but this time I let it pass hoping for the better. Anyway, you can watch it while it goes thru the wash, then gets pulled around to the dry area. From there, they shifted it back to the detail area. I paid $30 and they used a watered-down liquid spray-on wax and a second guy buffed it. It was done in about 10 mins. When they brought around the car, there was a new scratch that wasn't there before. My car has a handful of scratches but I know the ones that were never there beforehand. The detail manager (Austin) was actually very polite and willing to buff the scratch out, but decided to also involve his general manager (Miranda). Miranda who didn't seem like he knew much about anything (washing cars, compounds, waxes, customer service, etc) kept commenting how the scratch was "probably there" beforehand and how it looked similar to another nearby scratch. I asked him if he somehow knew my car better than me and he didn't say much for the rest of the encounter. Austin was very willing to work with me and brought the car back to the detail bay, and used various buffers and compounds and after another 20-30 mins got the scratch to be less than 90% visible compared to before. He offerred I bring the car back and he would do a sanding procedure on it next week. Overall, the customer service is person-dependent. Austin was your typical very good customer service, and Miranda (the "general manager") was your typical, and these days, seemingly ubiquitous, terrible customer service guy who served little to no purpose and just stood around the whole time. I'm still not sure who was at a higher level there, but it seems like the lower-level manager (Austin) should actually replace Miranda to handle customer complaints. Contemplating whether I'd go back....maybe with my other car which has more dents and is not as fancy.
5	I recently went in to get a quick outside wash of my car and I was approached by a employee who told me they had great fathers day specials going on and he could give me a great deal and 2 of the best full service washes for free. It sounded too good to be true so I was hesitant but I backed out of the express lane and pulled into the full service lane. The young man was Michael Bundy and he lived up to his word. He set me up with the Fathers day special and even knocked off an additional 50 dollars to earn my business. I was given the mega star wash and he the put a full detail for everything on the inside of my car and shampoo and leather treatments and a wax onto a giftcard and set it up so I could come back when it was dirty on the outside again and get another free mega star wash when I came back to redeem the gift card. I figured it would be some kind of hassle when I wanted to get all the detail done but when I came back a week later Mr Bundy was there and introduced me to Kevin the detail manager who explained to me what would be done for my car and told me to drop it off and he would call when it was done. When I came back it took about 3 hours I was more than happy and even my air vents looked spotless. I will definitely come back and get another detail done on my other vehicle. The only complaint I had was the cashiers inside were not very knowledgeable about how to ring it up and had to call Michael into the store to clarify things for the lady. I think her name was Vonka or Veronda and she was very rude and short tempered as if me getting such a good deal was a problem for her. I will come back to this location for years to come if I get this kind of service every time I come in. Thanks to Superstar Michael and Kevin and the workers you guys do great work.
3	Been here a few times now, dropped off my wife's tahoe here yesterday and they gave me a smoking deal on a full detail inside and out for $90.  I have never paid this little but they were slow when I arrived and it was pretty early.  We left the truck there and had lunch and did some shopping.  Came back 4 hours later but they were not finished, they explained that they wrote down the wrong phone number and were short handed.  OK, no problem.  We came back after hours to pick it up from the 24 hour gas station attendant and drove it home to find out the windshield wiper was missing.  We have to go back today to find out how they handle this and I may adjust the review.  The detail was pretty darn good though and I could not beat the price.  I have been here many times for just a wash but never a full detail.  Hope they can earn another star soon....
5	A visit to Superstar Car Wash is an enjoyable experience, sure to put a smile on both you and your car. From the moment I arrived, I was greeted by a team of professionals- in appearance as well as conduct. This team of professionals meticulously inspected my car to determine which care method be best to thoroughly clean, polish and recondition my car giving it that showroom look I expect to have once my car is cleaned. Because so much time was dedicated to me while inspecting my car and explaining services and technology I knew I was in good hands- experienced hands. Never at any point did I feel pressure, taken advantage of, or rushed while determining which service to get. Superstar Car Wash is the ONLY car wash I have found that does not make me feel this way. Now instead of dreading the task of taking my car to get washed, I look forward to it as my experience here reassures me I, as well as my car, will be treated like a SuperStar!!
4	Good car wash at a good price.
3	Once you avoid the gauntlet of high-pressure junior sales guy who wants to sell you detailing services, you are through the worst of it.The car wash was very quick.  So quick I wondered what kind of job they really did, but overall, I have to say they nailed it.  The glass was cleaner than any other car wash I have visited and they did not miss anything.  Pretty good overall.  Just hate that crappy sales guy routine they try to pull up front with deals, offers, discounts, pre-pay for washes, omg, give it a rest already.
4	I went in for a full detail with a Groupon.  The work was done on time and looked very good.  The one thing keeping this from being a five star review is that they really went way overboard on the vinyl protectant, and I had to wipe it off areas like the steering wheel and door handles.  Otherwise the car looked very good.Also they have work areas set up with computers, and a large lounge type of area with nice chairs.  I waited for the car to be done and just got some work done with my laptop in reasonable comfort.
1	I rarely take the time out of my day to submit reviews, this one deserved my attention. Today was strike 3 at this location, will never return in the future. On top of the fact that they are very pushy, talk over you and fail to listen to what you want rather than what they want to sell you, the service is awful.Today I brought my car in for a hand wash service. After waiting for 30 minutes I went over and checked on my car. It had been sitting there the entire time and had not been attended to. I was not told that there was a wait for this service and it was clear that there was some miscommunication going on in the back of the house. When I asked for a refund I was told I had to wait until they decided if they were going to refund my money. The cashier was out of her element and rambling on to herself, did not get a sense of confidence from her or anyone on staff when I was in the shop. I received a refund and left the store.I had brought my CL 500 there a couple of months ago for a full detail, what I got instead was a super car wash at best, the technicians overlooked so many things that I doubt that the car was even detailed.If you are going to be as pushy as they are, they ought to be able to back it up with great service.
1	I was given a prepaid detail as a gift. I made my appointment, took my White truck to be detailed. They called me a few hours later and said it was ready to be picked up. I inspected my truck when I got home, I only live a mile from this location; my truck looked horrible. Wheel wells-not cleaned(still had dirt in them), bed of the truck-not clean(still had dirt in it), tires-looked terrible due to whatever the slime was that they sprayed on them, interior- don't even think it got vacuumed(found a peanut and white dog hair, I have a black dog that I do not let ride in my truck), they left spots on my floormats from where they cleaned one spot(didn't clean the entire mat), my dash was covered in that nasty slime, & my rearview mirror and visor mirror still had fingerprints on them. All that isn't the worst part, the thing that made this a horrible place to get a detail is that they had actually managed to Swirl a WHITE truck. How do you swirl a white truck? I would hate to see what they would have done had I taken in a dark colored vehicle. I even found bugs on the front of my truck, I only live a mile away; I couldn't have gotten that many bugs from the drive home. I won't even go back for a carwash. I'm not sure how much was paid for my detail, but I do know that the person that paid for it got robbed.
1	Won't be back...ever.  Phoenix had a lot of messy rain this week and we all wanted to go to the car wash.  Today when I went for the quick $5.00 wash I was told by a teenager waiting at the entrance that the $5 quick wash was 'unavailable' but they could perform a full service wash.  Only one way to interpret this: Greed.  I didn't have time for their wash or high pressure sales tactics to upsell me on a myriad of overpriced products that they 'wheel and deal' on once you show disinterest.  So I went up the road 1.5 minutes to Snappy Car Wash.  They were open and glad to wash my vehicle in the quick wash for $5.00.  Also like Gary B, I have 'over waited' in the past with my car sitting there and no one coming in to announce it was ready after a detail - even though they took my name down and said my name would be called when ready.  Just say no.
1	Why isn't there an honest car wash around?  Every time I pull in here to get a car wash, there's haggling involved.  Today I was disappointed (once again!) with my wash.  I pulled up in my 10 month old vehicle, and the "salesman" tried to get me to take his extra special offer on detailing.  I stated that my car had just been driven on a road trip with children, and I really wanted the bugs cleaned off the front and all of the seats to be wiped down.  Of course I was charged extra to have seats wiped down, and of course--they weren't.  When I got home and inspected my car more closely, there were dog prints still on the leather seats, hair everywhere, and even candy still stuck on the doors.  Boo!  The only thing I can say is that my car was cleaner when I left than when I arrived.  But, come on--just wash my car properly and stop wheelin' & dealin'.
4	I've been here for an hour and a half.  When I asked what was taking so long  they said its because they are trying to get the dog hair out!!  I laughed and said i work at PetSmart, and that's part of the uniform!They did a great job. It looks better than when I bought the car!  Thanks guys.
1	Is there an option for no stars?! This has got to be the biggest hassle, rip off, high-pressure sales pitch coupled with hands down the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Ever.ELEVEN months ago, my dad sent me to fill my tank and get a cheap car wash for my birthday. I was pounced on and convinced I needed the hand wax and interior detail. When yet another man approached about my chipped windshield I put my foot down. Here's where it gets good. Because it was so late they said they could do the wax and I could bring it back for the interior detail. Every time I called or dropped by I was told "we're booked". Today I went back to get a refund for not delivering the service paid for. That got a manager's attention. Although this did not stop the cashier (who didn't even work in the detailing department) from calling me a liar when I said I had called earlier that morning to schedule an appointment. When I told him I spoke to a woman, he finally curbed his sass. His name tag read "Phil" and when I asked his last name, he began to spell it, stopped himself, and said, "It's just 'D'; we can't give out our last names."The grand finale? A garbage bag of someone else's personal belongings in my trunk.
2	The wash is OKAY. Takes WAAAAY too long. The people that meet you immediately try to sell you and walk away when you say no. Then, youre left alone to figure out if youre supposed to stay in your car or go inside. There was not a car in front of me when i pulled up. 40 min later im finally leaving. WAY too long.
1	This place is a rip off. My son came in here to wash his car, he got the special $6.95 wash but what he did not know was that he was buying a $17.00 a month membership that was charged to his ATM card. If you use a debit / credit card here make sure you watch your statements for fraudulent charges or even better is to avoid these scammers completely!
1	Josef was very confrontational when I didn't accept his offer on detailing. I didn't let nobody stare me down in jail, homeboy. You think I'm going to let it fly at a car wash?I won't be coming back.
1	I came in to get my Jeep washed then Mike & Cody tried talking me in to a $300.00 detail. Lol its a jeep for one and it is a 2002. Anyways they suckered me into having the had wash done. Well I was in a hurry when I left because I had to get some things done. I got home it was dark I did not go anywhere the fallowing day. Now its day 3 when I walk out there was or is dirt still stuck to it. Not just a little but a lot. I called them and was told. "I should of walked around my car before taking it and I should of came back the same day or the next. " I tried telling him it was dark when I got home and I did not go anywhere the fallowing day. But he did not care. I wish I had never gone there. They are crooks.
1	Please do yourself a favor and stay away! Have been going here for 2-1/2 years. Have never been REALLY happy, but location was convenient...last few times has made me cut the cord with these folks.I bought a Groupon for three washes and their system for keeping track of remaining washes stink. They accused me of using all the washes up when I had two left. They made me feel like a thief.This last time, an employee by the name of Josef, strong armed me into pre-buying a detail/upgrade and quoted me a price. When I went to pay, the price was inaccurate, and I told the cashier what I was quoted. She called Josef up front, and he was confrontational with me and walked behind me and said "you don't have to have such an attitude about it"! Cashier heard that and called manager....not much was done except for hearing that this was inappropriate behavior! Please!!!!I've left this car wash with the crayon info left on the window, seats and mirrors in odd positions, bug stains not washed off and lots of grease on the dash.Josef is a rude employee, high pressure sales and just ok car cleaning.Have been going to Cobblestone on Bell Rd in Surprise. A little out of the way, but a much better choice!
5	Have been coming here for the past year and a half. At first it was just so-so and the same as Danny's. Then Danny's was going downhill and constantly we had to take our cars back in to have it redone. I finally went back to Star as it was around the corner. I know they had some problems before but about 6 months ago they brought in different management and now what a difference. George and "JP" are awesome and so are the foremen in various areas. They are conscientious about their work. I have had oil changes, details, car washes and even new windshields done from Super Star on Lk. Pleasant in Peoria and they really take care of our auto needs. If I have a question, JP is right there to answer them, and if their is a complaint, he takes care of them immediately. I buy group-on coupons and give it to friends and they too loves their work.
1	Avoid this place!! My car is less than 6 months old.  Went here to get an oil change because I got a coupon in the mail.   Kevin tried to up sell me on my oil change.   He told me I need a 60 dollar oil change and that if something happened with the regular oil change that they will not warranty there work.  Also said my car only takes synthetic oil.  Which was a lie, I read my manual it states just regular.  Made him close my hood so I could leave.  He was beyond rude!  Note: my father was a mechanic for over 40 years.
1	I honestly wish you could give zero stars. DO NOT purchase a monthly car wash from this company. My son has literally been trying to cancel it for months.  We went in the first time and cancelled. Went the next time and got documentation of the cancelation. Still being charged so finally had to have the bank get involved and pay for a stop payment. Its absurd how they handle this problem, I called corporate and they said he was still using the pass. That's pretty difficult when his trucks transmission is out. This is a complete scam.
1	TERRIBLE!!!! Even the worst car wash at Danny's is better than this place. Read the print carefully, they charge the same as a regular wash anywhere else but ONLY do dash, doors and console no matter what level of wash you pay for. That means anything anywhere else is left dirty. The only thing decent is the lobby. Their vacuum jobs are also subpar. I've even paid for detailing and it was no better than a full wash elsewhere. So why amI paying $20????????????????? And why did I return? Never. Again. Save yourself the aggravation.
1	I've given this place far to many chances.I had an expensive hand wax done here and they actually waxed bugs onto my car!When I pointed it out to a manager I was advised that it happens, no offer to make it right.Their high pressure tactics are to the point of being ridiculous!A few days ago I brought my 2014 Camaro for a quick wash the man writing the ticket was insistent on my purchasing an expensive hand wash. He went as far as pulling open my door and wanting me go exit the vehicle so he could show me whatever wonderful stuff he was selling. My repeated telling him that "No, I've got a prepaid card and that's all I want" didn't appear to phase him and I finally grabbed my door shut put the car in reverse and left. He shouted something rude to me as I departed.I've noticed that they are not nearly as pushy is my husband is driving and he had advised me that they never continue to upsell him when he says "No".Stay away, stay far far away!
1	If you are looking to buy a groupon for this place - BEWARE!  Bought a groupon for 3 of their super star washes (normally $12.99 each) for $27.50. Used the first two without trouble, wash was mediocre, but for $9 and some change per wash, I wasn't complaining. Went to use my 3rd wash today and they said the groupon was for the $5 express wash (exterior only). Why would I pay $27.50 for 3 express washes that would only cost me $15 even if I didn't have a groupon. Total bait and switch. Avoid!!!!!
1	This place is trash... Please see the previous reviews by other dissatisfied customers, I should have listened. 20+$ for a car wash and they did a terrible job.
1	I got my oil change and they didn't change my oil filter just left my original!!  Just found out when I went to my regular oil change place.  Don't visit this place.  No integrity.
1	SHAME ON ME for not reading the reviews first, as stated by other reviews its a long process, when we pulled up there were 2 cars ahead of me, after 15 min. we made it to the vacuum.Now I went for the middle of the road $19.95 wash with the rain protection (another 5 min for the wash). Now they park my vehicle in the sun because the car port is full of vehicles and only 4 people to dry. By the time my vehicle is done it was worse off than when I started, now one big water spot and dirty rag wipe marks all over.FOR WHAT It's worth driving a little longer to the other car wash is so worth it,you leave with a clean vehicle.Customer satisfaction is not this company's goal..  Moral of the story, Read the REVIEWS FIRST and don't go to Superstar Car Wash
1	This place is useless as a car wash. Got the car washed on a Monday when they weren't even busy. The back window was in no way washed and the front dashboard, whatever their armor all product was, they only took it down 3/4 of the dash.
1	Slowest car wash in town.   No idea how cars that come in after mine are done and dry before mine is even through the wash tunnel The employees here are clueless
