5	I thought this show was pretty good. Nathan definitely works hard to keep his audience entertained. The show had parts that were pretty funny and some magic tricks that really make you wonder. It's an excellent way to kill some time in the afternoon when there isn't much to do besides gambling. Buy discounted tickets at one of the Tix 4 Tonight locations on the strip, and arrive at the theater's box office early for better seats. For about $20, I thought it was a good deal for a fun show on the strip.
4	I thought this was a pretty solid show. Nathan is extremely charismatic and he really likes to keep the audience entertained. Hie assistants were super hot which I appreciated. :-) I was wowed by quite a few of his tricks and I even got his autograph and talked to him after the show. His shows are at 12 and 2 and are a great way to kill some time during the day.
3	To this point, all reviews are based on the show Nathan had at the V Theater.  His show is now located in the Flamingo Hotel showroom.  With a much more elaborate setting and an obviously bigger budget, Nathan has obviously moved on up in the world from his previous digs.His show is about an hour and a half and paced quite well, moving from trick to trick.  He has two guests: one magic act at the beginning and another in the middle.  Both were quite good but I can't say for sure if they will always be a part of the show.  Nathan informed us before he started performing that he had just recently had back surgery and was told not to perform.  He may be taking it easy while he continues to recuperate.The magic is not as big as Steve Wyrick's nor is it as low budget as Jeff McBrides but it does fit the showroom well.  However I can honestly not remember any one trick that stood out to me save for the final reveal.  His tickets range from $24 (for children) up to $50+ for VIP.  My son was lucky enough to met Nathan's mom before the show who handed him a VIP pass.  While we didn't get to sit up close, it still made my son's day that they were so nice to him.  Nathan meets and greets the audience after the show, as well, which is always nice to see.He is dark Saturdays but performs every day at 4:00 P.M.
3	I'm still a sucker for the whole quick change and people appearing/disappearing thing so this show was still worth it for me.  Its a bit like Wyrick's show except Nathan doesn't take himself that seriously.  The dance routines were pretty meh..I wouldn't take a younger kids to this thing.  And even though I KNEW about the microwave act..I still laughed!
4	My fiance and I, and friend of ours caught this show. We wanted to see comedy and magic and here it was. This show was entertaining from start to finish. It only lasted an hour and fifteen minutes. It seemed to go by really fast. He does all of the basic magic stuff and he also had a juggler make an appearance too ( I forgot the juggler's name). He was pretty funny with his juggling tricks. Between all the scantily clad showgirls dancing and his magic tricks he managed to keep us entertained. I would say that I would have liked to see more magic than the showgirls prancing around. Overall, I would say this is a good show to see with family.
4	i was entertained. i didnt think he was that funny, but he was skilled in the arts of magic tho... good stuff.his show girls were extremely bootilicious too - and with great seats by the stage... it was a wonderful experience. ha.4 stars. oh and we bought the buffet and show package - so that was an extra 2fer bonus...
4	It was good, Nathan's comedy is a bit hit and miss but his magic is good enough, the set ups are fun and the audience participation is good. Though his tricks are a little Samish there is enough variation that you can overlook this fact. His assistants are all lovely looking ladies though they are quite scantily glad and do dance sexily in parts so may not be suitable for younger people, but then again that's all part and parcel of Vegas. The guy he had on half way through the show was a riot and added the comedy to this show, his little bit with the masks is a must see. In all I would go see it as it's a good price for a decent show, though bring your own drinks as it's pricey!!
3	It's a good show to watch to kill sometime before going out to a nice restaurant or club.He had some pretty good magic tricks his jokes were hit and miss. Also I would give it 4 stars but the seating arrangements was uncomfortable. You had to turn side ways to watch the show and they would seat you with complete strangers. And that can also cause a problem if your seating with drunk obnoxious young adults.
3	Fun, cheap.Nathan is kind of repetitive with dissappearing and reappearing tricks. But it is still realllllllllllllly cool. He had two guests who were hillarious. Drinks are pricey, but what isn't in Vegas? I reccommend seeing this if you are low on money & still want to see a show.
3	I saw Nathan Burton's show back when it was at the V Theater at Planet Hollywood.  Not bad for newcomer magician.  He was very entertaining and got the audience involved.  I have to admit that he connected to the audience a lot better than David Copperfield.  That's saying a lot since Copperfield is the seasoned veteran.  Best part was that I bought my general admission ticket for his show at a Tix4Tonite booth for $25 ($40 reg price) and then when I showed up to the V Theater, I upgraded to VIP seating for $10 more.  Good deal!
4	This is a good family fun magic/comedy afternoon show. Nathan Burton was "made famous" by America's Got Talent, and he continues to entertain the masses in Las Vegas. I've seen his show twice at the Flamingo, and really enjoy his style of comedy and his pretty decent magic. He is a great value for families with older kids (like 8 or so and up), and is great fun for parents and grandparents alike. His show really is a family affair with his mom and sister working on the show, and he is involved in the Las Vegas community, which also makes buying a ticket just a bit easier. Both times I've seen him were pretty close together, but I hear he adds new bits to the show all the time, so if you have seen him once, another time won't hurt at all.
3	Well it's an afternoon show in Vegas so my expectations were not extremely high. The Bean and I were seated pretty close to the stage which was great. I thought the dancers were a cute touch and the illusions were pretty good. It seemed though that he really focuses on the person disappearing / reappearing in some form of a box. It didn't seem as if there was variety in the show in this regard. If you are getting a deal on the tickets I say go......full price I say no.
5	This is one of the best shows on the strip that doesn't do any advertising.  I was glad I received comped VIP seats.  I would love to watch this show again.  Very entertaining and better than Lance Burton.
1	This insipid pile of detritus is perhaps the worst thing I've ever experienced. The sole saving grace of the whole trainwreck was the magician who came in mid-act to add the ONLY flavor of the whole painful experience.  Dan Sperry ALMOST makes it worth seeing the show, but not quite. Lame jokes, poor delivery, pointless "hot" women, with "magic" that was nothing more than elaborate boxes and a few gimmicky GUESS THE STUFF from the easily-amused crowd. When your magic show is upstaged by an awkward 11 year old Mormon kid picked out of the crowd, you should just retire.It doesn't surprise me that he was a hit on the Bread and Circus idiocy that is America's Got Talent. He perfectly embodies the existential pain of how little it takes to entertain the lower-classes. Avoid at all costs. Not worth Free.
4	I took my sister here when she came to visit and we had such a good time. I got free tix from the seat fillers website so that was nice. But if I had paid I would have been equally happy. Its a good show.They sat us right down in the front booth..we had the best table/seats in the place for sure.Sis bought a round of drinks and they were nice and strong and the server was very nice.They sell a pic of your party when you enter for 10 bucks..of course my sister had to buy it.
4	it was hillarious. burton picked a friend of mine to go on stage and it was hillarious
5	I went to Nathan Burton comedy magic show couple weeks ago and I really enjoyed it.  I was never a fan of "America's got talent," but boy, he was entertaining.  He had great stunts and magic tricks (yes, bit cheesy, but come on, we're at Vegas).  He also told a very sentimental story about his childhood and his mother (and his mother was actually there at the show), which touched my heart very much.I would definately recommend his show!!!!  Definately better than some sneezy comedy or hypnitism show.
4	Great Show! Nathan appeared on the show America got talent, he got 2 beautiful assistant, very entertaining, and the sound system is perfect. There's a photographer Going to greet you before you fall in line and take picture of you, you can get it after the show if you want, and not bad for $20 it includes a DVD of his show. Inside the show you canOrder stuff we only ordered soda. My over all experience is great.
3	I have always been a fan of magic, so I had to book tickets for a show. Unfortunately, I wasn't ready to pay the $80+ a ticket to watch the oh so famous David Copperfield or Penn & Teller. With that being said, I came across Nathan Burton and noticed he had pretty good reviews.Flamingo was selling tickets at $34 for regular seats and an extra $10 for guaranteed VIP seats. Luckily, vegas.com had a special where I could book the VIP seats for $26.57 (but with all the fees, it came out to $66.63 for two tickets). In addition, I know tix4less could have possibly given me a better deal, but to wait in three different lines for good seats . . .. I think I'd rather be indoors gambling. Aside from that, I came across an advertisement in a magazine (available at the concierge and on the street) for a free ticket at the balcony -- similar to this http://www.vegas4locals.com/couponnathanburtoncomedymagic.html. Here's another tip, if you're staying at a Harrah's associated hotel, the coupon book includes a buy 1 get 1 free ticket. Too bad I discovered all this a bit too late.Considering this was my first magic show in Vegas, yeah I'll pay the money for better seats (section B, booth 7). My seat was pretty close to the stage without an obstructed view. But it may have been a bit tight with 4 people in one booth . . . mainly because there was an older couple with me who needed a lot of room. Keep in mind, I sat in the booth, which is way more comfortable than the restaurant type chairs everyone else was sitting on so it wasn't too bad.Nathan had two assistance, both were pretty cute, and danced on stage as Nathan was preparing for his tricks. I personally think there was too much dancing between the acts. . . Anyway, his magic acts were impressive, but I was a little disappointed at how I've seen some of it before (toilet and microwave/bbq disappearance). I know those acts are what made him popular in the first place and some people would love to see it in person . . ..  sorry, I just like seeing new tricks. He doesn't just do illusions, he can also predict the future =D. I don't want to ruin the show for you by explaining what he did, but I'll tell you one thing: it involves cereal. Nathan gives a lot of background stories to his performance, which is wonderful and I liked how certain events in his life give inspiration to his acts. He is a great public speaker and you can tell he enjoys his job.In the middle of the show, Jeff Civillico was a guest and interacted with the audience. He goes with the flow and responds well to the audience as well as his volunteers. Oh man, he is very likable and entertaining to watch. There wasn't anything magic related in his acts, but in terms of quality of performance, it was excellent -- I would love to see him again.Honestly, the reason I gave this show an average review is because I could have saved more money and I've seen some of the same tricks on America's Got Talent. But don't get me wrong, Nathan Burton is a likable guy and is great at what he does. He is very family oriented and appreciates his sister and mom =DBtw, you can't bring drinks inside the Flamingo Showroom. I ordered a drink before the show, but ended up standing outside the door to finish the last few drops =-\
2	Everywhere you look you can find someone giving away "free tickets" to this show .. unfortunately, the balcony fills up rather quick and then you have to pay .. you can get in for $10.00 after the balcony fills up though, so not too bad.Glad I didn't pay more than $10 though.  Show wasn't very good.  Nathan Burton was only part of maybe 20% of the overall show.  The best part of the show was the juggling/balancing act, Michael Holley.Russ Merlin also makes an appearance and sucks ..If you can get a free or $10 ticket and you're looking for something to do in the afternoon, check it out .. otherwise, pass on this one ..
1	Kids show, kiddie tricks. Not worth your time, even if it's free.
4	Four tickets for $40 three rows from the stage (fifteen feet) on the right side for general admission, what can you say? Great show for a great value. Since you can get tickets for nearly free you'll need to be standing in line by 2:45 for the 4:00 show since the seats fill up pretty fast. Don't fret though, seating starts at 3:30 so you don't have to stand there very long.Sure there are a few cheesy magic tricks, but the rest are "how did he do that" illusions. A photographer takes your picture before you enter the showroom and drinks are available until the show starts. The mind reading sequences were very cool and entertaining, still can't figure those out. Finally got to see beautiul Vegas Showgirls, and the show is good for kids too, some even got to participate in the show. Lastly, I purchased the picture and dvd for only $15 and the meet and greet by him and his staff in the lobby was a great touch. Yes, I would take my friends to see the show.
4	I am gonna agree with a lot of the reviewers that Nathan Burton isn't the best part of the show. The juggling guy was really funny and the showgirls were really hot. I will say that if you are paying for the show, it can be a great value.
4	Hilarious! My husband and I went with another couple, and we all enjoyed it. There were a few times when my husband and I thought "how did he do that?" or "what just happened?" Overall, I think its a great show and definetely worth watching. We've recommended it to quite a few people. We would definetely see it again.
2	Please do not pay full price....or any price for this show.  You can just walk by Flamingo and they'll offer you free tickets for this show, or discounted price of $10.  Not bad for a free show...but if I had to pay for this, I would be shaking my fist.  The tricks are mediocre at best, I wasn't amazed or blown away by any acts.Save your money and go double down on Black! haha jk....
2	It really kind of cheesy magic. If you've ever seen a magic show you pretty much can tell what going on. Go to Penn and Teller instead.
3	Nathan Burton is a magician who was "made famous" by a well-known TV show "America's Got Talent." The show ticket generally costs $34, but they often give out free tickets for the balcony seats. And that was what we got! Unfortunately I was not impressed by his magic tricks. I know it is not fair to compare him with the world-class magician David Copperfield. But most of Nathan's magics involved elaborate boxes, which were pretty lamed and amateur. Besides magic, his guest performer, Michael Holley, did some juggling and balancing act and it was a total failure. I've seen similar act before by many other performers and they have done it successfully and even better. So Mr. Holley, you definitely need to practice more! The front row audiences risked their life watching you! The interaction with the audiences by another guest performer, Jeff Civillico, was my favorite part of the show. It was funny and entertained. I laughed the whole time! Overall I enjoyed the show only because we didn't have to pay a dime!
5	I love magic! Toss in some comedy too and you've got me hooked! I totally loved the show! I couldn't figure out ANY of his magic...but I guess that's how it's suppose to be. LoL. I enjoyed all of his guest performers too! They were all great. Oh, and thanks for taking a pic with me after the show! ^__^
3	First off, if you have a free ticket, make sure to line up EARLY. Free seats are up ib the balcony and if you have a short torso, you're better off sitting on your knees like I did! Also, make sure to get your FREE tickets in ADVANCE at the Flamingo.Back to the show...For free, this is a decent show. Lots of illusion box cutting scenes, juggling, mask charades, and some humor that's hit or miss with the audience. If you have an afternoon to kill, try it out.
5	Great family fun at a great price.  Nathan's magic tricks were as good as any of the higher priced acts I have seen, and the variety acts that interspersed with the magic (balancing act, comedian and juggler) were also top notch.  We tried for the free balcony seats (advertised in one of the Things to Do in Vegas booklets from our hotel), but they were sold out (likely have to book those a week in advance...).  So we did the $10 main floor seating.  Got great seats about fifteen feet from the stage.  Bought a drink, but there was no "two drink minimum" gotcha so we could have got by for just $10 per person.  Our 4 and 6 year old kids both loved it, as did all of the adults in our group.  This is a GREAT way to spend the afternoon!
4	3.5 but I rounded up.We paid $10 each for tickets.  We were seated at a weird angle and at first I was worried about our view but it turned out okay.The show is entertaining.  Nathan is very down to Earth, and this appears to be a family-run operation.  Lots of tricks, some more obvious than others.  Nathan also brings in other performers, which were enjoyable.  Appropriate for kids, though his assistants (the Vegas showgirls) are scantily clad, but this is Vegas!Souviner photos were pricedGood way to spend an afternoon.  Good value for $10 I paid, but don't pay full price.
4	I will recommend the Nathan Burton show to anyone who want to see a show with your kids.  Very funny.  He was a contestant on America got Talent.  I have seen many magic shows on the strip but Nathan would be the best.  He is very quick!  Many of his tricks are magical and new.  Do come see his show when you are in Las Vegas.  It is very affordable.
2	Okay...The Nathan Burton show was, well not great.  He seemed to me like he was going through the motions and really seemed like he wanted to get back  to his dressing room to do magic tricks of another kind (involving women and recreational activities usually reserved for college kids) .  He seemed distracted, disengaged and well, just punching a clock.  It kills me to say this, because I really wanted to like it!
1	This really wasn't my cup of tea and I've love magic since i was a kid. more than half the show he isnt even on stage, some other acts are their cross promoting which are better than the show you came to see. I hate to say that because Nathan seems like a really nice guy and good for him that he is living his dream. I just felt no sense of wonder and i felt like i knew how most of the tricks where done. He even seemed to do the same trick twice just a little different the second time. He worked really really fast all of his tricks just seemed straight of the rack at a magic store. He had no stage presence. The two other acts that came out. The one with the "masks" he was funny we went to see his show but then he does the exact same bit. The second act seems to be channeling early 90's Jim Carrey from Ace Ventura, He was fun though. We did go see his show so I cant say anymore about him. How ever I laughed harder at the two guest acts than I did at Nathan, but he didn't make me laugh at all. Again I hate to say that because he seems nice.They are free tickets or $10 if you want to know you are getting a seat. I would skip it, Kids might like it.
3	FYI-There is never a time in which you will need to pay full price for tickets as there are always two for one coupons in the Vegas book and other free entertainment books you can pick up around town. I always pick up my Vegas book at Planet Hollywood as they always have tons of them around the property.This is a cute show to see if you want something fun and high energy.It is light on the magic, mostly illusion type props that are creativeI would call it more entertainment than magic.His girls that assist him on stage with many of the acts are cute, bubbly and energetic.He created and built his own props and stage equipment. Maybe time to update as a lot of them look worn as he has done the show so many times wear and tear is taking a toll. I am sure is expensive to replace his stage equipment however is a bit cheesy to me to see props that have been repaired via tape and such.
5	Great value. We got the tickets by going to the Flamingo box office. Total price of $10 per ticket for orchestra seats. The cost was less than the price of a movie. The balcony tickets were free, but it was well worth it.
5	Absolutely loved this show!I will admit I was skeptical at first. I didn't think a show that is advertised in all the coupon books with 4 free balcony seats could be that great but I'm glad I was wrong. We got to the box office around 30 minutes before the show started. At that point the free seats were already sold out but regular tickets were only $10. Lucky for us we ran into a couple who gave us their tickets for only $7 each! The line to get in was pretty long but it moved quickly once the doors opened. Definitely recommend getting there early.The show itself was very clean cut and would be great for families. With that said, my friend and I are both in our early 20s and still loved every minute of it. Nathan's magic was a little repetitive but still entertaining. But my favorite parts of the show actually came from the other two acts. I don't that I've laughed that hard in a really long time.Overall, I'd say unless you are a miserable human being you will enjoy this show.
5	We were here July 17th, Sunday. A one day drive to the city called Lost Wages. We wanted to catch a awesome show in Vegas on a budget of course. What we wanted to see was $$$ out of our budget so we saw a freebie too good to be true. 4 free tickets to see Nathan Burton at the Flamingo. When we arrived to get our tickets they were out like I had thought but cheap enough that our pocketbook wouldn't feel much pain. We got good tickets that got us tickets situated in the middle and roughly four rows back. It was definitely a good show. Two thumbs up.
5	This is a great deal.  When I found the coupon for free show tickets, I thought that there had to be a catch. No catch - our seats were FREE!  I would suggest that you go to Flamingo Box Office as soon as you get to Vegas since the free seats go quickly --  although the coupon can be upgraded at reasonable rates.  They even have an inexpensive combo deal to purchase a photo and DVD that made a great souvenir of our experience.The show was fun and family friendly.  I appreciated that it didn't have the usual Vegas adult-oriented twist. Non of those "awkward" teenager & mom moments - just lots of laughs.  Even the 4:00 show time is nice.  You can see the show and still have a plenty of time to grab dinner and explore the strip.We'll definitely be back!
3	Average show worth the price of free if you can get them. Juggler comedian was the highlight.
5	The show was very, very good.  I wanted to give it four stars instead of five because this is Vegas, and well, the bar is higher.  When factoring in the value though, I would say it's closer to five stars so I gave them the benefit of the doubt.I got hooked to see this show the same way many of the other patrons did - the free balcony tickets.  And like most of the other patrons, no free tickets were available, but we got upgraded to great seats for $15 bucks.The show, again, was great.  Very entertaining, lots of energy.  I didn't order any drinks and the staff never pressured us to.  My only complaint was that the seats were a little cramped, but that's a minor detail.After the show, Nathan and his crew came out for photos and autographs.  Very friendly and down to earth.For a very entertaining, live Vegas show for the price of a movie, this is a tremendous value.
5	this show is amazing!! its has great illusions, hot show girls, funny jokes, and alot more! there were some friends of his that come on and do their thing like mexican drum players who were AMAZING! and 2 guys who do all this amazing body lifting stuff (i obviously dont know what its called lol) nathan burton is great! b4 the show they snap pics and you can buy them for $10 after the show. also he does a little meet and great after the show! two thumbs WAY up for a great, seriously funny, entertaining show!
3	somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.  It's a good show.  Nathan is a decent showman.  The biggest issue i have is that there are too many disappearing people tricks.  how many ways can you have a super flexible guy squeeze in a hidden compartment.  They do indeed do a very good job of it.  They pull the tricks off smoothly, but that aspect is repetitive.
4	Great afternoon show.  With so many free and discount tickets there is no reason you shouldn't see this show.  Nathan is clean, entertaining and fun.  The real treat was Jeff Civillico.  Jeff Civillico did a set in the middle of the show and blew everyone away.  I'm sure he will headline his show at a casino soon.
5	Another one of the budget afternoon shows in Vegas that suprises you. It is quite entertaining. Well worth the admission of ($20 to $30) for some laughs and good tricks. He likes to mix the show with other performers in Vegas, so you will get a well rounded show (not just magic). Go to this show and use the ticket stub to get discount entrance to other vegas shows.
5	If you want to see a comedy magic show on a budget while in Las Vegas, this is a great show to see. The quality is phenomenal for the price. $30 got the wife and I in the very front row at The Flamingo Theater where several folks right around us got pulled into the act. The quality of the illusions was great and what really added even more value to the show was the two guests Nathan brought in from other shows. Not only did it break up the routine of trick after trick, it added some tremendous comical moments to the show, one of which had most everybody about peeing their pants with laughter.It was so good, I'll probably see it again on our next trip to Vegas, even if it is the same. Nathan Burton Comedy Magic Show - highly recommended.
4	We vacationed in Vegas last summer and we were looking for family-friendly shows/entertainment. This show was it and a great value! His act had something for everyone. He was funny, and his magic (illiusions) were great. My grandson loved it so much, he begged us to purchase the DVD, which Mr. Burton also shares some of his magic secrets. After the show we even got our picture taken with Mr. Burton. Very nice evening.
4	Great afternoon show at a great price.  Watch for coupons and promotions.  Burton does the magic and illusions, with comedy skits by his guests.  Very entertaining.  Do yourself a favor and take an afternoon break from the slots and tables and see this show.  You'll be glad you did.  The show is suitable for families with children too.Warning:  Even though it's a small theater, the "cheap" seats are terribly arranged, providing a limited view of the stage without constantly moving around and adjusting your position because of all the heads of other people in the way.  Certainly not an ideal lay-out, but tolerable I guess.
5	This show is very affordable. Free balcony tickets are available or you can pay $10 for floor seats or $15 for VIP seats. This show should be priced well over $60 with all of the entertainment you get. I don't want to give away any of the show but want to say the assistants he has are very good looking and the magic is amazing. Something for old, young, men and women to enjoy.
4	This is a comedy/magic show which is a good way to spend an hour or so in the afternoon. I wasn't sure what to expect but found the show entertaining and the juggler who does a part of show, Jeff Civillico, is very funny and his act might be more impressive than the magician's. You can get free or cheap tickets through flyers all over the strip and redeem at the Flamingo box office. You also get discounts at a few other shows using your ticket stub, as Nathan mentions during the show.The seating in the theater is a little odd and you may have to turn our head for most of the show so ask about your seats when you get the tickets.
3	My BF heard of this show from somewhere online and what made it more enticing for him, was that there was a limited number of free tickets!  We checked in with the ticket office of the Flamingo, but no free tickets were available (how convenient!), so we purchased 2 tickets which were still pretty cheap.  There's a photographer that took our picture before entering the theater, and of course we pick it up after the show!While we waited for the show to start, they showed all of the pictures taken outside with funny captions (I can't remember what ours said).  We were seated very close to the stage, so that part was not very good for my neck.  But it was still a great family friendly show with lots of audience participation.  And just like David H said, the juggler Jeff Civillico almost outshines Nathan Burton!  He reminds me of comedian Mario Canotone from Sex and the City!After the show, we could purchase the pictures and who else but all of the show's costars were out there selling them!  Jeff Civillico was out there to promote his own show at Planet Hollywood in Caesars Palace, but we couldn't take a picture with him.  Whatever, we couldn't make it to his show anyway.  But Nathan Burton was also out there, and he graciously took a picture with us!
5	Absolutely entertaining! Best show in awhile.
2	This was okay - nothing spectacular in terms of comedy nor magic. But considering the ticket price (under $10), I guess it's worth it. We were put in the back corner even though there were many empty seats towards the front. I was then lied to, saying that "the front seats have assigned seating", when they were clearly first-come first-serve. Unless you have kids, you will not be entertained here (and even if you do have kids, there are some lewd dancing in the show). Just pay the extra money and see a better show.
3	DONT BE FOOLED! anyone could get 4 "free" tickets to this show. just find a "vegas 2 go" visitors guide available at various places along the strip. the flamingo box office told us that the balcony seats were all full and would have to pay $10/person to upgrade to the main floor. they really pack ppl into the main floor. there was literally only a dozen ppl on the supposed "full" balcony. my bf and I had to squeeze into a tiny booth with another couple we didnt know. the show was entertaining for $10. the girls were hot and I really liked the guest star, jeff civillico who performs at caesars. burton himself was alright. I was quickly able to figure out a good number of tricks and I swear Ive seen one of the "random participants" on tv before.if youre of age, go to margaritaville before the shore! its a minute away and i think that helped me enjoy the show more hahaha
3	This was the first show I attended in Vegas and it was worth $10! There are deals online where you can redeem tickets to the show for free at the Flamingo, but it was worth spending a small amount for good entertainment.My friends and I watched on January 5th at the Flamingo. We came in a group of 4 and we were seated in a booth. They take your picture outside before seating and display them right before the show and then they sell your photo back to you at the end of the event.The performers interacted with the audience; the jokes were witty; and the disappearing/reappearing acts were the best!It was worth the time and money, definitely worth watching.
4	The Nathan Burton family comedy show was so fun and entertaining!  We had 4 kids and 4 adults with a diverse age range and everyone really enjoyed this show.  It is a great daytime treat and a change off the beaten path of gambling, shopping or walking the casinos.  I would certainly recommend it to anyone who enjoys laughing with some magic to beef up the show.Tip: get there early as seats are 1st come basis.   The line will be very long so an hour+ before the show arrival is wise. Money well spent, for an unforgettable fun time with my beautiful family!!!
3	I'm somewhere between 3 and 4 stars on this show. For what it is, it's pretty good. I was entertained and had a good time. But I don't think I would necessarily ever pay full-price to see it.It's ok for all ages, but I think definitely less family-friendly than say Mac King. It's got some funny moments. There's a lot of illusions, some of which were quite good. All the humor and talk in between stunts felt very forced, though. And he pushed his DVD way too much throughout the show. The dancers / showgirls are rather lame and unnecessary.So overall, a good show, but not necessarily a repeat show.
3	Great show for the family and kids. His magic was a-ok and so was his lines, it sounded so rehearsed. Wish he couldve done more cooler stuff, since ive seen him on the americas got talent show like all the time.
3	We had Burton, some acrobats, dance number and another comedian do a short set. Tricks were great. It was not just him it was a show and we had him break things up so it was not trick after trick.
4	Last year, I saw this show at the Flamingo and only paid $10 because of a deal they had in that month's Vegas magazine. This show is run entirely by the Burton family and I was really impressed with all the various tricks and comedy involved. I think the only problem I had was the fact that he kept promoting his DVD too much. The line to get in is very long and seats are typically on a first-come first-served basis so you'll want to get to the show about an hour in advance. Plus, they take photos of you at the entrance and then play it back when you're in the theater.Overall, a very good show to watch and very awesome tricks used. For those who don't know, Nathan Burton was featured in the past on the NBC prime time show "America's Got Talent".
3	Meh.  The show was something to do while in Vegas with my 13 y.o. son.  Unfortunately the magic shows on the strip seem to be going away and being replaced with burlesque or topless reviews.  While I would have preferred to see Penn & Teller, I just can't see paying out the nose for something I can get at the Flamingo for a fraction of the cost.  The real treat for the performance though was the guest performer, Jeff Civillico.  Jeff was hilarious, and I can't wait until his new show is up and running.  For the sheer fact that an affordable magic show exists though, it deserves some praise.
1	This is my first time in Vegas, and my third show. My wife and I went to Divas our first night here and scored free tix to the Nathan Burton show so we figured we'd try it out. The free seats were sold out by the time we got there, so we ended up paying $15 each. For $15 we figured it was worth a shot to see the show. (little did we know...)First of all, the theater had the worst seating of all the shows we have seen, including Absinthe (and those are uncomfortable seats!). It is so packed together like sardines, I kept bumping into people around me just while sitting watching the show! Terrible. They couldn't have packed more chairs in that theatre, I'm not convinced it wasn't already breaking fire code.The worst part of the whole show was the beginning. There was a cool performance by this guy that was dressed like a backstage crew and was sweeping the floor then did a Stomp style dance. That was cool. But then they put up a slideshow of all the photographs of the audience members they'd taken outside. Like a disney ride when they take your photo then you can pay for it afterwards. This had the beautiful (*cough cough) backdrop of the casino with ugly carpet.  Seriously, it was a slideshow on the big screen of everyone's photo. So dumb.Then came the giant commerical with blaring music on the big screens. Like, seriously, why are we watching a Nathan Burton commercial when we've already paid and are in the theater?! This was using up time as it was already after 4pm. So dumb.Then came the show itself. He wasn't funny - they need to take out the comedian part and just call it a magic show. And, the magic was the same exact act over and over and over again. Scantily clad showgirls dance around. Box comes on stage. Person goes in box. Person disappears. Person reappears. Ta da! Over and over and over again. With the showgirls dancing around between every act to clearly take up time. There were two 'mind-reading' acts in addition but that was the only variety to Burton's act. I kept checking my watch to see when this was over. Not soon enough was the answer.The only redeeming quality to this afternoon were the 'guest performers'. The juggler was fantastic. If he hadn't come on stage at that time, I'm sure we would have left. He was funny to both kids and grown-ups. He was talented. He was amusing. He did cool stuff. He had hilarious audience participation. I'd pay to see him again. And there were two russian acrobats/strong men that did cool lifts and feats of pure strength. They were cool. Very similar to the Absinthe performers from the night before, but very cool nonetheless.And, then Nathan came on stage at one point to encourage us to buy his dvd etc. It felt like a giant commercial. You know what? If I saw a show and loved it, I would look for the DVDS when I walked outside. I wouldn't need a commercial.Waste of time.I hope the juggler gets his own show!
4	You know all those "FREE" tickets that you see advertising this show? They're not true!We had to pay $10 per person to see this show because we were told that the free tickets were sold out. You and I know it wasn't. They just wanted you to pay for tickets.We got in right before they were letting people in. The usher directed us to a table but we opted to not have one and just seat closer in front. Good choice. We could see the magic upclose and we didn't have to seat sideways like the people in the tables.Nathan is a good entertainer. He just doesn't focus on his magic, he interacts with his audience as well. It's not a serious show and he doesn't show up in a tuxedo or suit like other magicians do.Was it worth the $10? Of course! Would I pay more than that? Probably not. A good and cheap Vegas show!
5	Excellent show! I have been to it about 4 times now and I always enjoy it. In regards to the free tickets, you have to really consider this. There are less than 200 seats in the balcony, and thousands of tourists with a coupon that can be found in any vegas magazine. Free doesn't last forever and they certainly cannot accomodate thousands of people in a balcony made for close to 200. Cut them some slack, at least you get the discounted tickets.With that said, it is still worth the upgrade price and I feel it is worth full price. It is an entertaining show, great for the family and for the wallet. So many people look for a family friendly show for cheap and it is near impossible to find. Most shows start off at about 60 dollars, 10 or 15 dollars, are you kidding me? You will never get that price anywhere. Sure the balcony is free, but hardly the best seats in the house. I recommend skipping one of the big shows that you will pay over a hundred dollars with with no child prices only to turn and see your child fast asleep, and get this show. It will keep the little buggers entertained and it won't take all of your money.
5	Wonderful show i was amazed by the whole show my niece who is 4 loved it nathan burton hands down was well worth it no complaints
5	Truly one of the best family shows/deal ... "VIP" tixs for $20 gets you the intimate pre-show plus front row seats for the show. At the Flamingo, and deal only available at the ticket box office. My four year old stayed awake the entire show even though we were out in the Mandalay pools the day before.  Very good, extremely funny, and kiddies had a great time!
4	Didn't know what to expect, but pleasantly surprised by Nathan Burton. We paid $10.00 for the main floor and received great booth seats at center stage. It gave the kids an upclose view of Burton's magic act.Nathan himself seems very appreciative of having a Vegas show. I can tell he is naturally reserved, but his personality works for his onstage presence. He's seems genuine. Loved his showgirls! More importantly, the kids loved the show!The magic acts were surprisingly authentic. I didn't dig the predictions part of the show, as I thought those could have been pre-planned. But the magic acts were excellent!This is a great show for families with young kids!
4	Living in Las Vegas, I have watched a lot of magic shows and I have to admit that Nathan Burton is one of the best out here.  I have seen his act several times and I continue to be entertained by his performance along with the others in his line-up.  He makes magic fun and exciting, explains how he got involved, and why he chose it to be his career.  He is a great entertainer and would definitely go back to watch him again.
5	If you are looking for a fun way to spend some quality family time and still have money left over, I highly recommend Nathan Burton.  The first time I saw the show was last summer with my 21 year old daughter.  We had a coupon for $10 tickets which we thought there had to be a catch. We were greatly surprised to find this was a real deal and the show was awesome.  While in Vegas alone this past week, I decided to see the show again but upgrade to VIP seats at an unbelievable value of only $20!!  I have spent more than that on a drink at some shows.We were treated to a private pre-show performance by a gifted illusionist names Armando.  By the end of his performance, you feel like old friends with everyone there.  Armando will be headlining somewhere very soon so don't pass up this opportunity to see him now.  Everyone gets involved but even the shyest will feel comfortable.  It is very up close magic and it will blow you away.  I was picked to help in a trick and have no idea how it was done. I think I sat there most of the time with my mouth opened (jaw dropping good).Nathan's show can be described in one word - perfection.  Hot guy doing stomp dancing, magic, comedy, showgirls, dancing, more comedy, touching family stories (even got a little misty).  There was a guest appearance by Jeff (sorry can't remember his last name) who has a show at the Imperial Palace.  OMG I laughed so hard.  That will defintely be the next show on my list.And you know how you always want to buy those pictures of you having a great time at the show but refuse to pay the ridiculous price they are charging?  Nathan does what I have been saying for years.  The cost $10.  You CAN'T pass up that deal or even better - picture & DVD $15.  Have mine sitting out on my desk as work.  PLUS after the show Nathan and all his cast are out in the lobby eager to meet and talk you with.  What more can anyone ask for.  I will say it again - perfection.  Nathan - thank you so much for sharing your talent with us.  I wish you continued success Mr. MooMoo.
4	Nathan Burton's show was great. Very family friendly and high energy. Glad I saw it. I was pulled up on stage by Jeff Civillico, who was promoting his show at Imperial Palace. It was an interesting experience on stage. Had a great time.
1	The free ticket vouchers online are a SCAM! When the show was at the Flamingo they actually did let you redeem the vouchers for free seats (or upgrade). Now that the show is at Planet Hollywood they refuse to let you use the free ones. I'm a local so I've had plenty of time to see these guys in action and here's what they do - when you call the SAXE theater box office to redeem your voucher, they will tell you that they don't release seats until 10am one week before your date. So call back at 10am exactly one week before and you will be told that it's a busy weekend and all the tickets have sold already. You can wait in line until the box office opens and even if you're first in line you will be told there's no free tickets, but for a fee you can upgrade.Now, the $10 isn't alot, and Nathan is a solid magician, but the point of free vouchers is that they're FREE. It's nothing but a scam and until they knock it off, I seriously suggest going to another show.
5	I got 2 upgraded $10 tickets after I seen some reviews and advertising for this show. It's about 75 minutes, good clean fun for anyone really. Nathan is very entertaining and nice, he signed his autograph on the photo they took for me and my mom. They don't allow photography inside the show. Overall, I'd recommend seeing it.
4	Fun show. His tricks were good and the show moves along nicely. Jeff Civilico did a short act which was great (and got us convinced to grab tickets for that show as well). Good show for the family and he is outside the showroom after to sign autographs/take pictures. We had a good time!
5	Went and saw Nathan's show again at his new theatre.  The theatre at the Miracle Mile Mall matches with Nathan's show - both class acts.  Still have the great prices and the new theatre is much more comfortable than the old. Again I went with the VIP seating and again I was amazed at a great show with a great value.  You never know who his surprise guest might be.  I just read he is adding some new illusions so looks like another trip to Vegas will be in my near future.  Love your show Nathan - wishing you continued success!!
5	Great show. They sold out of the free tickets (yeah right, free tickets), but they offered the VIP tickets for 35 (both of us) which included a pre-show.  When we entered, they said that our tickets didn't include it because apparently it was a cheaper version that wasn't supposed to include it. After telling them that they salesperson consistently mentioned the preshow (the only reason why we got the VIP tickets) they let us in. The preshow was awesome. It had a magician named Armando Vera (wouldn't let us forget it, mentioned it multiple times during the show) who did some amazing tricks upclose. Worth the price. Nathan Burton didn't do too much, but had guests who provided most of the entertainment. One of them was so hilarious, he had audience members where masks and do really hilarious things. Definitely a fun and affordable show.
4	My folks received a coupon for free tickets to this show at the Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, so we redeemed it this weekend.  Technically, we had to pay a $5/ticket "service charge", which the free ticket voucher does not mention, but it wound up being totally worth it! The show starts out showing photos of people who are in the theater (they take these right before you enter, about 15 minutes before showtime).  They are available afterwards for 10 bucks a piece.  My hubby and I didn't need a photo of us in front a  Vegas backdrop so we didn't grab them.  Nathan's magic acts were pretty incredible.  There were also some guest acts that were funny, entertaining and added great value to the show.   Clint Carvalho, who was also on America's Got Talent, appeared on the show with some of his extreme birds.  Another act, whose name I can't remember, does this hysterical skit where he chooses "volunteers" to come on stage who don silly looking masks and do some pretty funny things.  The "free" tickets land you a seat all the way in the back right of the theater (which isn't big so if you go all the way down the row, you can be pretty centrally located in relation to the stage).  Our view was obstructed from a couple of things in the show, but it didn't ruin the quality of it by any means.  Overall it was a fun evening and a great value.  Would recommend seeing once if you have time and don't want to spend a ton.
4	Staff were great. I'm a big gal and some seats hurt my hips. The staff went out of their way to make sure I was accommodated. We did the VIP experience which was a few bucks more but we got to see an extra little opener who did slight of hand. Armando Vera was great. First few tricks I was thinking eek this is kind of lane but very quickly I was amazed. I have no idea how he did them.The main show was pretty darn good honestly. For the most part I kept asking myself, wow, how did he do that. The funniest bit was actually done by a guy from another show with audience members and I laughed until I cried. I'd recommend this as a show to see while here in Vegas. Inexpensive and hits quite a few high notes.
3	Pretty decent show! it's a family owned operation and Nathan's sister actually works with him directly on the show. Overall, many different segments of the show which made it quite diverse and interesting. There was close up magic, Nathan Burton's magic (which basically just involved him making people disappear and switching places with another person), a "puppet show" and others! The show is SHORT and i really didn't think it was worth the 60 bucks that I paid for the ticket. Overall, it ran approximately one hour and 15 minutes and it really felt like it was about 30 minutes of overall Nathan Burton magic due to all of the other acts that went on. Most of Nathan's magic also involved just making people disappear or putting them in a trap box and having them come out unscathed. It definitely looks like there's different prices depending on what time you go, so if you do go, choose an early time or book pretty early.
1	Not even worth the "Free with $5 service charge" price.  We were bored on a Saturday afternoon and had heard this was a good show, a show for the whole family, but I wish I could have back that hour of my life.Nathan's tricks were lame.  A solid 3rd of the show consisted of special guests, so it wasn't even THE Nathan Burton, and one guy didn't even do magic -- just some lame show with some masks.  Nathan did the same trick 3 or 4 times in a row, which consisted of putting his assistant in some smoke and mirrors type box then having her disappear.  McKayla is not impressed.While we're talking about his assistants, they did way more work than he did.  I thought this was a family show, but those two poor women were just being objectified, sex being the butt of some of Burton's bad jokes to boot.  All they did was dance provacatively while Nathan Burton did lame tricks.  I would not do this again, not even if someone paid me money to do it.
2	Nathan Burton's "Comedy" "Magic" show felt very sophomoric and was neither funny nor very magical. The transitions were terrible, with the music abruptly cutting making you question if the sound guy made a mistake. Nathan, himself, is VERY uncharismatic and that was the main problem here. His stage presence was very awkward and unappealing. He relied too much on his dancer/assistants and two other acts (which were the highlights of the show). If you like a lot of tricks, you DO get a lot of bang for your buck. The problem is, he doesn't do a set up in any of his illusions. Sometimes you're not too sure what exactly it is you were supposed to be amazed about. I don't think he turned around a single set piece and never once hand an audience member examine his stuff. The whole thing isn't mesmerizing if we don't know why it's special. Burton throws out shots at some other Vegas mainstays like Copperfield. Maybe he should go and see David down at the MGM to see what charisma looks like. If you like grand illusions, stick to Copperfield -- still the best In his game. Tickets are more expensive but you can usually find them half off at Tix 4 Tonight. If you like sleight of hand, I do suggest seeing Burton's pre-show magician, Armando Vera. That dude is amazing and well worth the 10 ticket upgrade. Over at Harrah's is one of the best small family acts "Mac King". A much better option than Vera and one of the best shows in Vegas, magic or otherwise. Advice to Nathan: ditch your awful pre-show reel. It's cocky and no one cares. Even Copperfield got rid of his-- but his was actually interesting. Set up your tricks, take time with individual illusions and milk them to build suspense. You're not funny and that's okay, magicians don't have to be, drop the "Comedy" in the title. Also, stop penny pinching for souvenir photos and making sales pitches in the middle of your act. Heed this advice or you'll be back in Atlantic City in no time.
2	It's okay, but not great. If you can pick up tickets on the cheap, or if you have magic-minded children, you can have a nice hour of entertainment that will give you something to discuss later at dinner.The difference between good and great illusions is in the subtleties. Nathan is a pretty okay magician. To be great, it would take a substantial investment in time and money in the production effort. I don't suspect that's the future here: they are going with cheap ticket prices and variations on classic illusions. It's a business choice.Plan to play "spot the hiding space" a lot. Even your kids can take part in the adventure.
5	My wife and I loved his show. I have no problem giving him 5 stars. If you're on the fence to go because of some of the bad reviews, realize most of them are from cheap people angry about their free tickets not working out as they had hoped. We paid full price and I felt it was a great value. Yes, he kept doing disappearing and reappearing tricks, but I'll tell you each time it was amazing, I couldn't figure out how it was done, which bugged the heck out of me as I just want to know the secret. The girls weren't too scantily clad as some reviewers would have you believe. There were plenty of kids in the audience and I didn't see any offended parents. Also he only talked about his DVD once, but I can't blame him he's just trying to make a living (and in fact many people would want to know you could purchase his DVD so I didn't have a problem with him mentioning it).We had the VIP tickets and Armando Vera did a pre-show and he was great. Everyone loved him. Super talented slight at hand magician. Very funny too.Do yourself a favor if you're on the fence and just go already!
1	Scam!!  They get you there by advertising "Free Tickets" then when you get there (An hour before the show) they claim all the free seats are taken, but you can "Purchase  a ticket for a small service fee."  The cheapest is $5 per person for seats at the back of the theater and $10 per person for an upgrade to each section that is closer to the stage.  I have been to other free shows in Las Vegas and when they said "free" I never had a problem as long as I got there early enough.  The agent at the desk said, to quickly, that the seats were all taken, so  I doubt very seriously that they were.  I had brought two guests with me and I was suppose to be able to get up to 4 tickets for free.  My guest were willing to pay but I refused and told them that I felt like they were scamming people to get money for a show that was probably losing money.  I tried to call the number listed on the flyer but it was a recording and no one ever answered.I left very upset because I had wasted my time, gas and had to make new plans to entertain my guests!  I wish I had read all the reviews on this show before attempting to see the show.  Now I am glad I didn't waste my time!
1	I paid $5 for the free tickets. Here's a tip: They tell you if you get the "free" tickets that you will have to wait on line that starts forming at 3pm for a 3:45 show. What to do instead, is come in at 3:45 and not waste 45 min standing in line.First, this show consists of basically about 1 trick. Someone appears and disappears. Over and over and over again. You know it's something about the boxes and the contortionist abilities of the assistants, so it's not really awe-inspiring.Then there are the two show girls who do odd dance routines that add nothing to the magic of the show.The good part of the show was a comedy bit from a guy actually part of another vegas show. Also, the card tricks done by another guest were somewhat entertaining. Everything that Nathan did himself was pretty boring. And for the most part, he just let his showgirls do the work.
3	Was not totally impressed with Nathan Burton. But the comedy part of the show where they brought up people from the audiences had me in snitches. They chose my friend which made it even more fun. This is a good option if you have kids and want an afternoon show. We also got a great deal on goldstar. They also offer $5 tickets to watch Marc Savard the hypnotist later in the evening.
3	The show was ok.  I started to get bored.  My kids enjoyed the show.  We sat in the general admission section and people kept going in and out which got on my nerves because the had to walk in front of you and the person at the door had to open the curtain which let the light inside.  Glad I didn't pay for the ticket.
4	My boyfriend had a Groupon for this show while we were in town this past weekend and let me tell you...it's pretty great!  We had the VIP tickets where we got an up close and personal with Armando Vega, who was pretty shocking as well.  Our seats were great and the energy of the show was wonderful.  I laughed, I cried and my jaw hit the floor a few times.  Nathan has a funny stage presence and gets the audience involved.  I had no history before going to the show so I was pleasantly surprised.  It's not a huge Las Vegas production but, to be honest, I liked it that way.  Be aware that you won't have the "David Copperfield" experience someone who can have a snow mobile and statue show up on stage, has my vote.  Plus, the part where they had the audience go up on stage with masks had me in tears of laughter.I suggest going because Nathan deserves it and you will definitely be entertained!
5	Saw this show this past week. Very very entertaining show that whole family could go too.
3	Nathan Burton wasn't doing much comedy. Another guy he had as a part of his show really steals the show. One of Nathans tricks you can clearly see how it's done so the kids aren't really fooled. He had a few tricks that were good. It was a short day time show but I won't complain about it because it was complimentary from the ticket folks selling us sold out show tickets for another show. Dummies....
3	Quick Tips:1. This show is located in the Planet Hollywood Casino Miracle Mile Shops area. It's more towards the end where the parking lot is!2. Though there are a variety of show deals, including "free" tickets, there are also some great deals you can get by just going to those last minute ticket booths or looking online.3. We bought two VIP tickets that cost us around $25 apiece.4. There is a "pre-show" by Armando Vera, who I think is much better. However, you need to purchase VIP tickets to watch it.5. The comedy/magic portion of the show are split. There is a small section of magic by Nathan Burton, then a section of comedy by another guy who I can't remember, and then a table-top/card trick magic from Armando Vera, and then back to Nathan Burton to close out the show.There are two things that I look for when I go out to a show: content and comfort. What I mean by comfort is how the seating is and how drink service is handled.Anyways, in terms of content, when you first enter into the theater, they force you to take a photo to make it seem like you are indeed part of the show. They use this photo while we are all waiting for others to be seated. Afterward, they lead you to a waiting area downstairs where there is a bar. After waiting for a set period of time, if you are a VIP ticket holder, you head upstairs to watch Armando Vera work his magic.Armando Vera is a really slick guy. Very funny, and if he was the headliner of this show, I would probably have given him 4 stars. The problem is Nathan Burton is the headliner and isn't a magician, he's more of an illusionist, which is a different matter that I'll get to. Anyways, Armando Vera or (AV with his fingers as he will tell you multiple times) is a magician that deals with card tricks and other various smaller scale tricks. We found him to be very entertaining and pretty hilarious. There were a few tricks that were simple, but one or two that were a little more dazzling.After the pre-show we headed to our designated area for the tickets. The show starts and Nathan Burton comes out to do a few illusions that seem to the both of us to be pretty simple, but not bad. The illusions were sometimes easy to figure out. After Nathan warmed up the crowd, this hilarious comedian came out. I won't spoil it, but my girlfriend and I were in stitches. That guy gets at least four stars too.Nathan Burton came out to close the show, and the illusions were not bad. More or less, there was A LOT of talking involved. I guess setting up for it was really difficult or something, but there was a few minutes of downtime. It was easy to figure out some of the "bigger" illusions. Several times, I was like, this has to be a raised platform making xyz appear etc. For a headliner, I feel that the illusions are nothing out of the ordinary. Maybe one or two of them were wow inducing.Anyways on a note about comfort, I was disappointed in how terrible the "VIP" seats felt. They were incredibly small seats and the guy next to me was over on my side for much of the time. Besides small seating, the drink service was pretty much a disaster. Because of the small seats and short rows, when the cocktail waitress came by to bring drinks, if she wasn't careful she would spill on some people's laps or on people's shirts. My girlfriend had the horrible misfortune of feeling someone's Long Island on the back of her head.Anyways, not a bad show at all! I would probably not go back, but it's worth it for first timers to see a little of that old Vegas magic.
2	Some of the reviews seem dated and it appears the show may have changed up a little since changing venues over the past few years. I just stopped in this week at the Sakes Theater in Planet Hollywood (a bit of a trek past the V theater). It was a 4pm show and it was not very crowded. Theater is small but at least a GA ticket seat still was pretty decent.Full disclosure - I did get in at a discounted price so can't complain too much. Still, the review is based on the show, regardless of price paid. Since I had a GA ticket, I waited in the long line around the corner as other reviewers had mentioned.It didnt really bother me as the line was not all that long. I also did not see any pre-show like some reviewers mentioned. The first thing I saw upon entering (and getting my photo taken) was the AGT video clip from Nathan's days on AGT. My comment has less to do with showing the video clip but the poor quality of the video and the screen that is way up near the rafters. It is a small screen and the quality looked like a film clip from the 50's. Really in this day and age with a 16:9 aspect ratio, Ultra4HD quality video, that first impression was an omen of things to come. The sound was bad, the video horrendous and quite frankly seeing the hoff and brandy as judges just reminds us how long ago that he was on the show. Plus when you consider that the magicians/illusionist on the most recent season blows away Nathan's act, well...The tricks alluded in other reviews like the disappearing acts are accurate. Not too impressive. Music makes it up tempo so I didnt fall asleep but it doesnt mean I was wow'ed. In fact that is what I would categorize the show -- it is missing any kind of "wow factor". He also did the typical prediction in the locked box trick that copperfield does as well. I wasn't impressed with that either. I wish all magicians would just get rid of that old and dated trick.The show also included the comedian with the masks tricks and making them do these embarrassing things and popping a balloon.  Again not a magic show and it does kill alot of time along with the upfront video so yeah, this show doesnt come close to an hour long.You are handed a card at the end of the show to review them on tripadvisor but I wonder if Nathan or anyone else takes these comments constructively and make appropriate changes to make the show better. With the discounted tickets and small audiences I wonder how much longer this show can last. Moving from theater to theater is already indicative that it has no staying power. If you can get a cheap ticket and need time to kill, take a chance but dont expect to be wow'd. Not the worse but definitely could be improved. I will check back to see if future reviewers indicate whether the show has changed for the better.
3	I was watching this show with my bf kinda like celebrating the Vday since it's a combination of comedy and magic show, so it sounds pretty interesting!  The show itself was not bad, great for family (especially if kids are tagging along).  However, the reason I only gave 3 stars was because I was originally brought two tickets via Groupon which I got a decent prices for 2.  I even called to RSVP on 2/14 and upgraded to VIP seats.  The operator that I talked to was like since you have already upgraded your seats, there's no need to be line up and get there around  10-15 minutes before the show starts (show time was at 4pm).  So my bf and I got there at like 3:35pm and the front desk was like sorry "ALL GROUPON TICKETS NEED TO LINE UP NO MATTER IF YOU HAVE THE GA OR ALREADY UPGRADED TO VIP"....i m like what the....Saxe Theater needs to have a better training with the phone operators, not like asking customers to upgrade but afterward, it's all on your!
4	(This review was for a show in December) I liked it even though there was a bunch of fluff that could have been taken out. We were on a budget family trip with two kids ages 9 and 10. Purchased the online tix with the preshow for $12.50/person and it was well worth it. The kids loved both shows and even if this one was a little cheesy it was still good enough magic and illusions.
4	Got some comped tickets for a 4 pm show on a sunday so I took my kids.It is located at the Saxe Theatre as part of the Miracle Mile Shops inside Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino. Since we had general admission tickets, we were seated towards the back in the nosebleed section. Even though were kind of far away from the stage, we still could see enough to witness a show going on.This would be my second time watching Nathan Burton. The first time was when he was at the Flamingo some years back. As usual, he has an opening act start the show for him. Last time it was Jeff Civillico. This time it was the guy from America's Got Talent with the trained birds. Sorry I don't remember his name. He did a solid job as the intro to the show.As Nathan Burton makes his way out to the stage, it is nonstop magic tricks mainly him or his assistants disappearing and reappearing through out the show. It did get kind of repetitious with the disappearing acts. Each time he used different props but the end result was always the same.In the end, he saves his best and biggest magic trick of all. I like this show because it is geared more towards kids in general. For the parents it is still entertaining to see Nathan do what he does best.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #74
1	My wife and I went to see Nathan's show Thursday March 20th. We are both performers in Las Vegas. We bought our tickets sat down and ordered 2 drinks. Just as the show started the theatre manager and security asked both of us to leave the theatre because Nathan Burton had heard I was in the audience ( I am another 'magician' in town wanting to support his show). As soon as he heard there was another magician in his show watching he requested me and my wife to leave. No reason, but just to leave. So we left, the theatre manager was great and comp'd us 2 drinks. Shame as it's a public show, we bought tickets and were asked to leave without any reason to why. Shame he feels so threaten by other performers watching his show. BEWARE you might get kicked out for no reason if he knows your in the same business!
5	Our family saw this show the last time we were in Las Vegas. It was the 2nd time for a few of us. I think the show is great. Very funny with some great magic mixed in. Family friendly afternoon show. Nathan does some pretty big time magic acts. The whole family was impressed and we will probably see his show again next time we go. Highly recommend.
5	Wow! Great family show! I was afraid the show might be cheesy because that's what I think of America's Got Talent. I'm so glad I didn't let that keep me from seeing the show. Nathan even brought in headliners from other shows who rounded out the show well. I've paid to see two of his guest performers before and enjoyed them here as well. I even bought the picture and DVD. Nathan Burton stacks up well against many of the higher priced more popular shows, and i'll be seeing his show again on my next visit.
4	Definitely upgrade to the VIP package. Well worth the extra money you'll spend on the tickets. Armando's private show was great and the seats were excellent. Our son was selected to participate in one of the events .really made this memorable for our family. Two thumbs up.
3	We got tickets to Nathan Burton Comedy Magic at Tickets for Tonight ($12.50 per person). It was an upsell from the lady at the booth (they are the best sales people!) who convinced us it was a great show at a great price! So naturally we went for it! Nathan Burton has a great personality, the kind of person you'd want to be friends but the show kinda of felt rushed as if he was still on America's got talent and had to finish his act before the buzzer went off. There was very little time for building up suspense and before you knew it the trick was done! POOF! He also kept repeating the same tricks with different sets/props. The overarching theme of his tricks can be categorized into 2 types of illusions: 1) making people or things disappear/reappear and 2) reading people's mind. Don't get me wrong... it's still fun to watch! But kinda leaves you wondering... wait a minute didn't you just do that 5 mins ago? Thankfully, the producers have some good sense to throw in a 2 different performers - a card magician and a comedian - into the cast which gave the show more variety. Overall, for the price it was a great show if you have extra time in vegas! Great for the family and kids though!
5	I paid $90 for my wife and two daughters to see Nathan Burton with me. It was worth every penny. Do not cheap-out by getting the GA seats. Spring for the VIP seats and you will be glad you did. First off, the VIP seats include a pre-show by Armando Vera - an excellent close-up magician. Second, the VIP seats get you into the theater first while everybody else has to stand in line outside for 45 minutes.Nathan's illusions had us all mesmerized. It's a very fast-paced show. He packs a lot of tricks into a short amount of time. His female helpers are often scantily clad, so you might want to consider than if you have young kids.There are plenty of videos on YouTube of Nathan Burton. Don't watch them before you see the show in person.
4	The family saw the show and was pleased.  The kids really had a fun time; they were laughing and were amazed.  The opening act was hilarious!  We also got a little glimpse of an up close magician do several card tricks.  For the amount of money we paid; it was worth the price.  They have additional deals if you see other shows and/or buy the DVD and picture.
4	Good show at the v theater located at planet Hollywood. Ticket prices range from $25-65. Many discounts online. A good show for anyone.
5	Great Guy - Great Staff- Great Show...  we loved it...
5	I was in Vegas for a month with my family and my son who is 9 LOVES magic shows. We saw 8 while we were there including David Copperfield. Burtons show was hands down the best! Action packed with illusions, great music and fun for the whole family! Will go back next time I am in town for SURE!
5	Get the VIP tickets for this show to see Armando Vera's sleight of hand magic very up close before Nathan's show. It was so entertaining and such a head-scratcher! I was amazed trick after trick with the things he can make appear and disappear. It was WOW!  It is a great show to bring kids since the lucky few will get a chance to assist him. Armando made it such a delightful show and made you feel like you were a part it.Nathan's magic was a jaw dropper! I just couldn't believe any of it could be possible. I think the audience was so stunned, that they forget to cheer and clap sometimes. He does really amazing stuff! It is also a plus that this show is a family establishment. And the souvenir photos are probably the cheapest on The Strip.
3	Show is pretty decent but nothing extraordinary. Received comp tix from a 702 Helicopter tour, don't ever pay full price for this show. Try groupon or living social. Show takes place at planet hollywood where u are herded like cattle to the showroom. Tricks are cool don't make special plans to see it.
5	Great fun and very entertaining!  I can't believe I waited so long to see this show.   Wonderful to take the whole family to see.   His illusions are mind-scratching.   If you get bargain tickets, opt for the upgrade of $10.00 to better see everything.  The only downside is that I think he deserves a classier venue.  3 flights of stairs in the Saxe theater were a little hard for older people.  There is an elevator, but a long line to use it after the show.
4	Good times!!!! We took our 9 year old son while visiting Vegas, he loved it. We did as well! The opening act is hysterical- we're still laughing and joking about it!!!!
4	Show was pretty cool. My kid liked it. They try to sell you everything possible.  Other than that, we enjoyed it.Pros: cool magic and HOT woman.  Cons: They try to sell you everything under the sun. It's Vegas though.
5	Amazing Show!!! VIP seats are worth every penny...we enjoyed the warm up guy Russ Merlin too, he was hilarious!!!
5	Came to Vegas for the weekend and needed to kill some time, GREAT comedy and magician act, even a few pet tricks too. Fun for all ages and great prices. There are NO bad seats, you get a great view of the show and lots of audience participation.
4	The pre-show was HILARIOUS!!! I was crying midway through!!  Nathan's show was pretty darn good.  I've seen Copperfield and it is pretty comparable on a smaller stage.  We bought the tickets online, in row F - dead center, seats were great.  If you sit too close, you will be looking up most of the time.  It is family run and they work hard.  Some of the illusions were just OK-seen them back home, but others were really good.  Still worth the money-paid $25 for the VIP tickets.  Armando Vera (show included with VIP tickets) was damn good if you like close up magic!  Pretty darn good for price.
4	One of the best family oriented magic shows in Las Vegas today. A bargain and a very good value for $17 a seat. Small enough stage to feel part of the Act plus being able to see how the Magic's done is wonderful! An unpolished magic act which creates illusions WITHOUT the normal background girly burlesque dancers. this magician is all about magic and how to engage the audience in  fun antics and banter. I will return with my family for Christmas to see the show again!
3	Everyone was very friendly, from making reservations to picking up tickets to the performers. We stuck with the general admission seats and they were fine. You could upgrade for $10 more but there were only twelve rows before us in the VIP section. Nathan Burton himself was entertaining. The theatre is pretty low budget, nothing fancy. For the price we paid for the tickets (using living social and groupon), I was satisfied. Definitely wouldn't pay the full price they charge!
4	This was a fun show. Mybhusband was dying to see a real live Vegas magic show so we went to see Nathan Burton after scoring some cheap tickets. Husband loved it, and i wasn't  completely  bored ;). It felt a little rushed and he pushed his DVDs a lot. Loved the $10 photo though and he thanked me for my military service. I'd definitely recommend this show.
4	I did not love Nathan as much as the comedy guests, especially the guy who played the guests, tapping their shoulder to do certain embarrassing things, I laughed so hard.
