5	Once upon a time, I was 16 and decided to get a perm.  Then I decided to straighten that shit out.  I was brave back then.  I just opened the phone book, closed my eyes and took a shot in the dark.  I met a wonderful young stylist named Stephanie Fletcher and I have followed her around faithfully since.  I lived in LA for two years and flew back to AZ to see Stephanie.  Now, I live in Scottsdale and drive to Glendale to see Stephanie.  The day she retires, I will slit my own wrists.  That was a little dramatic, but that is how much I love her.  She has never done me wrong.  I trust her completely.  If she told me to get a buzz cut, I would do it.  If you're a blonde and don't want to look like a cheap whore, go to Stephanie.  No offense to cheap looking blondes, the world needs you too. I guess this review is more for Stephanie than Vita Bella, but  Vita Bella is definitely benefiting from my love of Stephanie!  They also sell Enjoy products, which I actually enjoy a lot and can't find anywhere else.  Now, she only works three days a week.  So, I will kill you if you take all of her time away from me. By the way, she straightened out my perm without ruining my hair.  I think every girl needs to make the mistake of getting a perm in their lifetime.  It's a rite of passage.
5	Woke up last week with horrible neck pain. A friend of mine suggested I go and see her massage therapist Danelle at Vita Bella. Danelle was able to get me in for an appointment  the next day. (I think she even stayed late to work me in) Danelle was very professional and was able to relieve the pain in one session. She also suggested helpful stretches and ongoing things I could do at home that might help keep the problem from reoccurring. I could tell she is very dedicated to what she does and loves helping people. Vita Bella is a beautiful little day spa almost hidden on 59th and Union Hills.  Everyone was very friendly too!
5	Have been to get a massage from Danelle 3 times now, and her massage seems to get better and better with everytime! In the past, massage therapists seem to get lazy or not try so hard to do a good job once you come back, but not Danelle! Every massage has been wonderful. My neck is doing great now and am just going in for continued health, and because I love her massages so much! Thank you Danelle for helpping me feel so good! Also, just added hot stones to my last massage! To die for!
5	I have been going to Candy for 10 years and she is amazing! She listens to the changes that I want to make to my "usual" and is so great. Whenever my friends got a botched highlighting job or haircut, they always go back to Candy to fix it.Vita Bella is clean & beautifully decorated with a warm atmosphere. It is bizarre how many people I know that go to Vita Bella! My sister-in-law goes to Lisa Stinelli to get her nails done, and they always look fantastic. Everyone I've come in contact with is so talented at this salon!
5	I love, love, love Juanita for all hair care needs! If you need pampering for your lovely locks look her up. You will feel great and your hair will look like a million bucks once she's done with you. She does a great job with hair color, style, and offers Brazilian Blowouts. I've followed her 4 times in over a decade and I'm living on the East Coast and still making it a priority to see her, well, that should be testament enough. The salon itself has a very boutique feel. Well decorated and stocked with merchandise so you can be prepared to take on your 'do when you get home. The location is great on the backside of the shopping center on the Northwest corner of 59th & Union Hills. Do yourself a favor and book your next appointment here.
5	I've been going to Johnyee for my facials and brow waxes for almost 8 years now. She's the ONLY person I trust with my face, besides myself of course. She's friendly, personable, and treats her clients like royalty. She's also the only licensed person in Arizona to do lashes. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!When I decided to surprise my mom with a "spa day" for her 50th birthday I worked with Johnyee and the girls at the salon who were VERY accommodating and worked around the others schedule so my mom could go from one station to another seamlessly.If you need a haircut or ANYTHING having to do with hair maintenance, see Candy or Nikki. I'm sure all of the other stylists are great, but I have visited both of these personally and can vouch for their good work.Either of the Lisa's or Katrina for nails.If you're looking to get pampered, Vita Bella is the place to visit and to keep visiting.
5	Oh my goodness what can I say? Danelle is hands down one of the best massage therapists in the state of Arizona. She really is that amazing! I have gone to visit her a few times now and it has helped my hip tremendously. She knew exactly how much pressure to apply and when to apply it. She pays attention to how your body reacts. She is truly a very skilled massage therapist that will work as hard as she can to make you feel 100% each and every time. I really could go on and on about how great she is but I think you should find out for yourself. She is a true gem hidden at Vita Bella.
