1	Never. Again.Some say it about the Holocaust. Civil War. Abusive relationships. Jelly sandals. I agree with all of the above, but venture to put Carriage Fine Dry Cleaning on this list.Lured in by the idea of a coupon in the entertainment book and the central locale, I dropped off the 1 and only comforter I own on a Friday morning. The woman behind the counter quoted me $25 to clean it, I presented a $10 off coupon and it was agreed upon that she would call me to let me know when it was done.A week later, still no call. I am shivering at night with my mish mash of lap blankets, robes and dog body. I called, and was told that it would be ready on Monday. So 10 days into no comforter for me, I stop by only to be informed they meant NEXT Monday.Yep, 17 days to clean a comforter. I was bitter, but whatever $15, it's clean it'll be ok.FALSE. I arrive on the NEXT Monday, 17 days in, only to be presented with my comforter looking not much cleaners and a bill for $37.XX - I said WHATCHU TALKIN BOUT WILLIS? And the same woman who had taken my coupon and told me $16.XX was going to be my total, told me that I had not presented a coupon before hand AND it cost $35 to clean my comforter.After remaining calm, I did in fact talk her down to $23 (mind you, still $7 more than I was going to pay) for a comforter that took 3 weeks to dry clean and wasn't any cleaner than when I had dropped it off.Normally, I give people a fair shake when I try them out and it doesn't go so well. With these people, everything was a mess. From billing, to quality of work, to customer service. FAIL FAIL FAIL.
2	Brought my cream colored dress over to the one on Park road this past Friday and picked it up today. They did not remove all of the dirt from the breast area like I asked. Also there was lint and stray colored threads from other clothing on my dress. Will not be returning.
5	I usually break up with a dry cleaner every 6-9 months for one reason or another but I actually am pleased with BOTH the service and actual cleaning at Carriage. Added bonus, they will reclean anything and target underarm perspiration with no charge/attitude.
3	Pretty expensive in comparison to other dry cleaners I've used. Heck, even Uptown in my building I could have saved over $8.Prices were not listed in plain view (if at all) and I actually had to ask for a quote before walking out the door. I wasn't even given an actual price. Just an approximation.The job was done well but at nearly 3x the price I paid when I was living a couple mile south on South Blvd.Super convenient for me but nothing that really says this is the best option or puts it over the top for the price.
4	Convenient location. They clean and fold/hang very well. Yes, the price is higher than where I used to go, but the cleaning is significantly better. However, I brought a very expensive shirt to be cleaned and because the material was delicate they must've caught a string and pretty much ruined the shirt. Although that is the risk taken when dry cleaning delicate items, a heads up what have been much appreciated. There will always be an issue with every dry cleaners. This place satisfies for the most part. Also they don't repair shoes or do special alterations.
4	I tried competitors and see the value in the statement, "You get what you pay for". Yes, the prices are little more, but my clothes have always been cleaned well and they've never lost anything of mine.   Moreover, they will take responsibility if the service isn't up to snuff. For example, I took shoes in for new leather soles and heels. They told me they would be done off site . For some reason, the new heels were done in a different color from the boots. Seeing my displeasure, the lady charged me nothing for the shoe repair. That was very fair and I really couldn't blame them as the repair was outsourced. Great place.
