4	I always order pizza from here when we're in the mood for pizza; rarely if ever. I have ordered through theirn online service every time and I've never had a problem. I have gone and picked up the pizza myself and have had it delivered, both times the staff has been nice. Since I don't like many of the other pizza places around I will continue to order from here.  If no Peter piper pizza delivered.
1	Have ordered from here for the past 2 years and it's always inconsistent and not the quality of Domino's in other locations. Occasionally it's bad enough to warrant money back and then I don't order again for a long time. It shouldn't be this way. To be specific the pasta bowl is so empty that it seems as though you are just ordering the bread bowl portion and it is the only thing that fills you up. The pasta ranges from no sauce to nothing but sauce. Used to be my favorite thing to order back home in WA and l loved it every time. Not here.My Last order, Hand Tossed, Pan Pizza, over cooked, not cheesy or any good, the cinnamon sticks  burnt and crunchy, not worth eating. I called and the manager said she could not credit us that they were really busy and the next order is free. I am so sick of having to pay for something that isn't even mediocre and knowing that I have to order again to try and make it worth it when the chances of the food being bad as it has for the last 2 years is pretty good.
5	I phoned ahead for my order and it was a busy, busy Saturday night for the workers. They told me only 15 minutes for 2 supremes. Wow. I got there in 15 minutes, and they were ready for me! Wow! Fresh. Hot. Delicious pizza. Courteous attentive staff. The delivery staff coming and going showed passion for their jobs in making sure the pizzas got out to the customers as efficiently as possible. I wish all Dominos were like this one.
2	The pizza itself was mediocre at best, I ate it but it's nothing to write home about. $20.00 for one large 3 topping pizza is a bit pricey I think. Delivery time was off by 15 minutes late. And to top it all off, when paying by card you are asked to add a tip when the driver gets there. WTF? I,m being charged a separate DELIVERY CHARGE and I'm expected to tip too? Isn't the tip the delivery charge? Hell, why not throw on a road tax charge of a couple bucks and maybe a fuel tax charge and an environment tax charge, then you can justify $30.00 for a pizza. There's gotta be something better than this.
3	There pizza is always greasy. It was really sloppy and just fell apart as we ate it last night. But for 6 bucks it's  pretty good.
