4	This little shop is located on the NE corner of Sunset and Marks. It's in the Home Depot Center across fro Best Buy.The seem to do a lot of alterations here of all kinds. They have multiple tables and sewing machine equipment around and I've seen a seamstress there both times.I brought in like 16 shirts and 5 pairs of pants. Plus had them do a couple alterations.I knew but wanted to see which she recommended launder or dry clean. For the most part all good for my liking.They use a very similar software to a couple other cleaners so I wonder if they're associated with the others. But it's nice to use phone number not worry about having to keep track of the stupid tickets. I ALWAYS throw them away- just a principle thing cuz the will find your stuff.Prices are posted clearly and all their policies and blah blah blah. But girl there took it all in, everything is pre pay and pretty cheap. I was surprised. So I picked up Saturday a delivery truck was there bringing in the clothes. Mine were in there. So they don't do the cleaning there and maybe it's at one of the others I go to? Hmm they're gonna know I trying out some strange this week. My girl over there is gonna be madddddd!OK so I haven't got my alterations back yet but I'll keep you posted. But I like it so far.
4	I used to take my dry cleaning here when I lived in the area.  I've never had a problem with this dry cleaner.  They never misplaced any of my items.  I have gotten a few of my alterations done by Alia and she has done a good job every time.    They do have a few locations in Las Vegas.  I now take my dry cleaning to their Rainbow and Smoke Ranch location since it is closer to my house.  The staff at both locations are nice and accommodating.  Overall, I am satisfied with their service especially for the price.
3	I recently began using this cleaners because my other place kept doing a crap job on my husbands shirts. I used to go to 2 different places, one for shirts, one for pants and suits. Now, due to the affordable prices, I can make this my one stop shop. My only complaint is that I would like to see some more smiles on the workers there. And a few more "thanks for my business" kind of greetings. It seems like a dreary dungeon sometimes with no music and frowny faces. But they sure clean a good shirt.
1	Horrible dry cleaners!!!First off they take twice as long as any other cleaners in town.  They did an alteration on a suit of mine, I get it home and they didn't even do it!! A week for nothing! And when I take it back they said it would take another week to do!!! Ludicrous!!  Horrible customer service!  Noone smiles or is welcoming at all! DO          NOT            GO         TO             DRY         CLEAN           DEPOT!!!!
1	first time i take my stuff there they lost a very expensive pair of pants ... enough said really!
1	The worst dry cleaners!!!I tried this place because it was close to my work - what a mistake! They took a brand new pair of $85 dark gray dress pants and turned them pink all over the knees and legs. They said that it was sun damage and they would try their best to remove the pink stains. I explained to them the pants were brand new and they still argued with me. They tried to remove the stains, but they did not come out.  They did NOT replace my pants either and now I'm out $85.
1	I recently went to this dry cleaners to have  my clothes dry cleaned, two pairs of pants hemed and a sweater sewed. The dry cleaning I received on time but when the day came to pick up my pants and sweater, (12 days later) only one pair of pants had been hemed. When I questioned the young girl at the counter her response was " oh the lady who does the alterations hasn't been coming in"........Really! I only had to pay for the one pair of pants that were done, and the dry cleaning. I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone who's in a hurry or wants there clothes done in a timley manner. Very UNPROFFESSIONAL! I am not IMPRESSED.
1	Horrible cleaners.  I been going to this cleans for awhile but enough is enough.   Took a pair of slacks and Jean in for cleaning both pair didn't,  I say DIDN'T have creases but what do you know.  They creased my pants....wtf.  Then double crease them...wow.  My husband's shirts come back with missing buttons which I think they take for alteration.   Didn't happen once but a few times.  Alteration takes forever I mean forever just for a minor repair.   They recently have had employee turnover and this staff don't have any idea what the hell they are doing.  Enough is enough going to spend my $$ elsewhere
5	This poor place has gotten so many poor reviews - I need to speak up because I have only had great experiences here in the two years I've been bringing my clothes here. I always place my order at capriottis, pop over to drop off my dry cleaning, and make it back with plenty of time to spare before my sandwich is ready. 1. I love that they are up front about their prices. There they are, written out clearly on the board for all to see. Why don't all dry clean places do this? Every time I go to another dry cleaners, I'm like, well ok, I guess that's how much it costs. How are you supposed to know if they are ripping you off or not?2. They DO send their dry cleaning out, so you cannot get it turned around by the next day. Nothing a little bit of foresight can't solve. 3. They dry clean sequins! I wouldn't necessarily take a designer sequined item here, but they took my sequined shirt (you have to sign a waiver) and cleaned it no problem. 4. They clean my short white lab coat (it is a medical student lab coat, not a thick "coat") for $1.95! This price seriously cannot be beat. 5. My clothes are always ready when they say they will be.6. I once dropped off a pair of pants here to be hemmed. The tailor wasn't in, which was fine because I didn't really feel like trying them on anyway, so I just showed the girl at the front where I wanted it hemmed to, she stuck a safety pin in it, and that was that. No problems at all. The hem job was $12 and done in a week. I highly recommend them.
4	Good service, they do good work, and while they aren't the fastest, they are good. I've had all sorts of clothes cleaned here as well as comforters and suits. I had a jacket and pants altered and they did great, for very nicely. I once had a shirt that had come back with a stain on it due to something I had in my pocket. They have it another try and I totally forgot about it. I came back and remembered months later and not only did they still have it by they had removed the stain.
1	Bad, bad, bad- left my pants for dry cleaning and pressing. When we went to pick it up the first time they looked like they had just hung them up and bagged them, so we made them re do it, I went to pick it up and they looked just as bad! My wife complained to the attendant and she said that "we only press the legs" what?? What about the pleats on the front and the creases on the hips from sitting? Shouldn't that have come out during the wash phase?Forget it,  bad service with an even worse excuse. Never, never again
1	Worst place!!!!! Everything I brought to them came back stained! I would never take my clothes to them again! They are cheap for a reason.
4	I have used this dry cleaner regularly, mostly for my button up shirts. I have experienced fast turn around time at a bargain and have never had an issue.
