5	I love this place. Been going to Hilton Village Starbucks since 2006. It's awesome. Their crew always treats me well and has my drink ready when I am there as they know me. It's fun to go to a place where they treat you with respect and go out of their way to make you feel special.
1	I will never, ever go to this Starbucks again. I usually go to the one on Scottsdale and Thomas, but I went to Trader Joe's yesterday, so I thought it would try it out. It took about 15 minutes to get an iced coffee with one sweet & low. The barista was a very nasty women. She was unfriendly and flat out rude. When she called out my drink she said "unsweetened ice coffee". I asked if there was a sweet & low in it because that is what I ordered. She said "I don't know can you just taste it and find out". I was totally taken a back. I should have complained, but I just wanted to get the heck out of the there.
5	I do Scottsdale every winter and this is my fav Starbucks while in AZ. I notice the staff hardly turns over and we coffee aficionados benefit greatly as a result. Ladies are all that. Coffee perfect every time. Mark me down in the very happy column.
5	BEST STARBUCKS IN THE VALLEY!  Honestly, I pass up two other Starbucks on the way to work to go to this one.  The people are so friendly and nice they make my mornings!  Customer service A+!  Always yummy too!
5	Great at remember that I had just been there the prior day and know what I wanted.  Lovely service
5	Love this Starbucks. Especially because the employees are so nice, always smiling, friendly, and especially because they make the drinks so fast! The store is a little small so it can get pretty crowded. The store itself is kind of hidden so you don't really know that it's there until you drive in and around the complex that it is in.
2	This used to be my favorite Starbucks in the valley.  Now I sadly avoid it.  The remodel made the space feel tight and unwelcoming.  Staff quality also rapidly decreased.  Drinks have been repeatedly incorrect (I order very easy things) and they have over charged me multiple times.  Not sure what happened to this location!
4	Standard issue small Sbux: good service, standard quality of beverages and food.It's a little tight to get around, but there's plenty of seating for the location and some patio seating - people seem to take advantage of that, even in summer.  There aren't a ton of outlets but I did get one when I came in to do some work on a Tuesday morning.  Due to the size, it's quite loud at half capacity. As another reviewer mentioned, it only has one bathroom, but that seems appropriate for the size of the store.Overall, a decent place to work or meet up, provided you don't mind a little ambient noise.  Now serving some Teavanna iced teas (although, inexplicably, they all seem to have calories).
1	I used to not mind coming here on my way into work until one of the employees at the register treated me quite rudely. I brought in a Starbucks mug that I had gotten as a gift and she tried to make me pay for it, then accused me of stealing and wrote down my name from my gold Starbucks card. I will never come back here ever again because of this embarrassing experience. I will take my business to the one at Scottsdale Fashion where they are all very friendly.
