4	Not to be confused with the Galleria location, this is a Starbucks w/ drive-thru that's located in a strip mall near-ish to Best Buy. They've provided fairly consistent service when I've been here during the past several months, except today when the cashier handling the inside register during frappuccino happy hour had issues filling orders. Seems like the guy ahead of me had two orders but she had to ask for his name and a form of payment twice instead of just once. For mine, she grabbed the 30+ oz. cup instead of my venti and wrote my name on it, but the manager caught it and didn't give me a larger drink free. Dang it!
5	Espresso with friendly faces an a drive thru. What's not to love?
4	Most days, I love the drive thru service.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  Generally, I prefer the morning staff.  I have problems with the later in the day staff getting my orders wrong.  I am a Starbucks addict.
5	my go-to starbucks before work :-) always go in the drive-thru which gets really packed and busy at around 4:30pm.  they've never gotten my drink wrong, customer service is a hit or miss. i know they do get busy and overwhelmed. i have never gone inside so i can't do a review for that.
4	It's got a drive-thru, which is a great plus. Not as many tables as a lot of other Starbucks, but I really enjoyed getting some work done a few days ago here. Service was friendly and my drink was perfect with no mistakes. I also like that it's kind of tucked away from the rest of the Sunset commercial area!
4	An afternoon must! The closest one w/a drive thru. Win, win!
4	This is a lot like the other Starbucks' you have been to. Coffee: Yes, Drive thru: Yes
4	This is hard to Find Start Bucks as the GPS was pointing to the one in casino across the street and it is hidden by the gas station infront.once we found it - we got our caffeine and were on the way to Hoover Dam. Coming from Vegas it was nice to get things at a normal price - compared to double the prices in all shops on the Stripp
4	Got to say, busy Starbucks! I tend to stop in here when I head to Costco.  Every time I come, always a long line.  Service is friendly and pleasing.  I noticed only a few tables available, but usually occupied by patrons.  Space is very tight; hardly any room to walk.  My drinks come out very well and I hardly feel like there was any errors.I noticed the drive-thru outside.  Looks packed as well.  So if you are in a crunch, best to find another Starbucks.
2	I used to go to this location all the time, most of the baristas knew my order by heart.  However it seems that the entire staff changed to a not so friendly atmosphere. I also have noticed that it is always dirty, even when there are 5 employees there. No body can wipe down the bar or add-ins bar??? Not to mention that the barista who slid my drink did it with such force it fell off and splattered all over me! Sorry to say this location has gone way downhill. I'd rather drive a little extra to get the great service I know the company would want me to have.
3	Coffee cake ! If yelp wasnt lagging and would have let me check in, you would have gotten some eye candy....... But I ate it....Drive thrus, no matter which starbucks it is, are always crazy busy. The staff was quick, efficiant, and nice!
2	A chain, so the items are still the same famous coffee we have all grown to love. The staff is very courteous, I don't know what it is though, no matter how small the order is, they ALWAYS mess up my order.ALWAYS.If I don't get to work on time this morning, because I had to come inside to fix an order I told them precisely in the drive through, today will be my last day here. Happy trails!
1	Super busy Starbucks they take forever in the drive thru do I went inside and it took forever inside a few employees just standing around doing nothing while everyone else was running their butts off not very professional I will go back because it's the only one in the area
3	I love starbucks but this location seems to always mess my order up.
5	Super friendly baristas. Quick service, even with being incredibly busy. Peppermint mocha was heaven. nice little patio area. Reprieve from shopping area. Plus, sample from Great Harvest next door!
5	I give them 5 stars! The drive thru moves extremely fast! And my drink taste devine! The cashier was extra friendly and helped me fill my orders.  This is always a nice stop for my family & I. So, I will return as often as I can. Yes it's nice and clean and u will be glad u stopped in to visit. Wait did I add they have the best water on the planet!
2	I've given this place 3 chances now. And everytime it's the same crap. They are slow and make messes everywhere. I will not come here anymore. It takes 20 minutes MINIMUM to make one drink. This time the girl screwed up my order. I'm so done with this place. It's slow and messy. That's all I have to say. Even the drive thru gets backed up beyond belief. If you go at a slow time, then of course they are fast. I've gone different times of the day and still crap.
1	They took my order wrong. I had ordered and iced caramel latte, and i got an iced mocha with caramel drizzle... My bfs drink was so jam packed with java chips he could barely drink it. He spent most of his time chewing. And two people got their orders before I had received mine. Lastly the place was a mess! Like disgusting. The counters looked like a dish pit. Water ice and coffee every where. Not to mention workers were also a hot mess. Geez watching them work was like watching a train wreck. No sense of efficiency either.
2	To the barista that made my drink I saw you drop my cup and didn't give me a new one. Luckily I don't drink off of my rim that I wont complain and mess up your long line of drinks. Which btw wouldn't be so long if all your partners were actually working!!!
2	I'm giving them 2 stars, only because this is the closest Starbucks to my house. The service is slow, and many times I have seen baristas walking around while the line was out the door. Unfortunately many of the baristas seem more intent on having inappropriate conversations than taking care of customers.
3	Decent starbucks. They've never gotten my order wrong and are usually pretty quick. (I usually go in around 7-8 which might be why) the only thing is that the tables always seem dirty or messy when I'm there.
1	I drink Starbucks every morning and 9/ 10 times I go to this Starbucks. Usually I have nothing to complain about bc usually I go through the drive-thru and they do great! But today the line was ridiculous so I decided it might be quicker to go inside...Everything was going fine until the girl started making my drink (Venti, iced, quad, non fat caramel macchiato) first she filled the cup almost to the rim with milk and ice, so much that when it came time to put in the espresso (which she had in a little paper cup- weird) she couldn't fit it all in so she dumped the rest of my espresso out and then spooned out some more that was at the top of the cup in order to fit the top on.... are you kidding me! When I pay $6.22 for my coffee I expect all my espresso to be in there... I don't pay for milk and ice! I just thought this was absolutely crazy... I will not go to this Starbucks anymore now that I know that they are not giving me my moneys worth! -I take my coffee very seriously in the morning- ;)
3	I love Starbucks but the barista Carson ruined my experience today. She was very rude and lacked in customer service department. It's truly sad because a large corporate company like Starbucks spends a lot of time and money training their employees to showcase their exceptional customer service (as I have experienced in the past). The integrity of the company isn't ruined because of this experience but I do question the way things are run at this location.  It's always busy at this location and I can see how the stress of such volume can be hard on employees but that doesn't excuse the behavior I experienced today.  Regardless I will continue going to Starbucks just maybe not this location :(
1	I've been to this Starbucks a few times and my drink always takes forever and its usually wrong and when I asked the girl behind the counter" lite skinned curly haired girl" to 're make the drink she said it wasn't wrong and that it is what the cup says it is so take it or leave it! She said she was too busy to 're make my drink! So them the girl from the drive thru made me the rite drink!
2	Let me start off by saying I love Starbucks. I am an avid coffee drinker and visit Starbucks a minimum of once a day. Don't get me wrong, there is better coffee out there, as well as more relaxing environments (not a fan of the way Starbucks hurls product in your face).  But there is a certain comfort that comes with knowing it doesn't matter which Starbucks you visit, Las Vegas to London, your iced coffee with 3 pumps of sugar free hazelnut and a splash of heavy cream will always taste the same. That being said.... This is the only Starbucks I've ever come across where one day you'll get a delicious iced coffee and the next it tastes like burnt garbage with hints of aspartame. I honestly don't understand how mess up iced coffee, but they frequently do at this location. Finally, there's the wait... Drive-thru or walk-in, it doesn't seem to make a difference. Expect to spend at least 10 - 15 minutes waiting. Without fault the baristas always seem to be running at 50%. All in all, I will continue to visit Starbucks daily, but never again will I visit this location.
4	Cons:Tiny parking lot. If the drive thru is packed it'll suck for whoever is parked and can't get out. Pros: quick. Even If drive thru is packed, you won't stay there too long.
2	Worse Starbucks in town. People are rude that work here and the drinks are always wrong. Ordered a black tea lemonade and waited 15 minutes when people after were already getting their Frappuccino drinks.
1	Terrible, slow service. We ordered and sat in line for nearly 20 minutes. By the time we got our drinks we could have been all the way across the Las Vegas valley. Ridiculous! Manager better get a grip or they will lose customers. We won't go back!
2	This place for some reason... Always gets my order wrong. If it's not size it's the way my drink is made. Sigh.. Idk. I haven't been back in a while. Probably won't be either.
2	I meet many clients for coffee. This is not the place to go. The staff are friendly and drinks are the typical drink, but there is very little seating. There are more seats in grocery store Starbucks. Whomever designed this location was not thinking. I would only recommend here for a drive through location.
1	Tried coming here again because it was closer to where I was at the moment but again same issues got my drink wrong and the place was filthy here is a photo I would like to upload so hopefully upper management will see and make some changes
1	Terrible customer service and very unprofessional employee - Courtney and Ryan!! I love Starbucks but this one is a disappointment! I wanted to buy a traveling mug, the original Starbucks one. They didn't have a price on the mug, they said it never had one. But they tried to charge me $19 plus 30% off because it's the closest price they can "guess" for that type of mug. (What in the world!?!) Then I asked for cream, Courtney filled up the carafe and handed to me with everything dripping, as if it's my job to wipe it clean ( I was the only customer in there, by the way) than I asked for raw sugar twice, she asked asked how many and handed me one, I said three, she asked if I wanted two more added to the one I already have or just three? ( this was after I informed her that the raw sugar holder was empty) Does it matter how many sugar or how cream the customer wants? her job is to fill those sugar/cream up, not talk with Her co-workers on company time.
1	Horrible service, super slow and very rude. Have been to this Starbucks store several times and this is finally my last. Almost all the employees have an attitude problem but laugh and make jokes between themselves. Very unprofessional and embarrassment to the Starbucks brand compared to other stores. Management should be ashamed of themselves and I think they need a hidden audit to be conducted by corporate.
1	I have no clue why I continue to come to this Starbucks, they are slow, not usually friendly, they usually don't give me pike roast when I specifically ask for it, their sandwiches are usually still a little cold when I get them, and don't ever go through the drive thru. If your in a rush to get somewhere do not go here.The only reason I still try is because of their one employee that I don't remember his name but he used to work at the russell rd and eastern location. He's always been fast, friendly, and always remembers a conversation we had weeks ago. The only problem is now i haven't seen him in a while, so I might just quit coming here completely.
