5	Friendly, Caring, and Honest.  What more can you expect from an animal hospital?  Their new building is very attractive and roomy and the staff is very accommodating.  They're prices are reasonable as well.  Thanks for taking such good care of Mufassa guys!
4	Fancy brand new place. Very friendly staff, the Dr. even said "what a cute dog" and gave him a kiss.  That was wierd/nice? The Dr called me a few days later to check on my boy, which is nice. I think she has a thing for my doggie and is looking for a second date.
5	Ingleside is the best. For 7 years, we've trusted them w/the care of our animals. When we had to say goodbye to our dane, we were at an after hours emergency clinic in Scottsdale. We went to Ingleside the next day to let them know (as they saved her life about a year earlier and were awesome about routine calls to check on her)...Dr. Gilchrist and the rest of the team were very sad but also comforted us. They sent us a card within a day and also made a donation to the Morris Animal Foundation in memorial of our dane. They are top-notch folks.
5	I had the worst of all things to do today.....put my beautiful old, dying pit bull...Miss Peaches down. I had moved and hadn't connected with a clinic yet. I was online and on my phone. The lady on the phone sounded so warm and understanding.....I got there and all three ladies at the front were absolutely delightful and very understanding.They made the experience as easy and wonderful as it could be....yes I am devastated but they were very very understanding and I would recommend them to anyone.Thank you...
5	Hands down the most amazing vet one could ask for. Every time I bring my bunny in they always ask to come pet her, and finish her appointment on time or ahead of schedule. When I brought River in to have her fixed, they called the next day to follow-up and check on her, and then returned my calls promptly or put me through to a vet immediately to answer some medication questions that I had. I am so impressed with their care, as well as their follow-up. I would highly recommend them.
5	Ingleside's new location is a clean, beautiful space with an abundance of natural light and high-tech goodies. Each patient room is equipped with a computer terminal and moveable monitor so the vet techs and doctors can go over the digital x-rays and billing information with you. The entire staff is extremely warm and it is apparent they love what they do. During the multiple visits surrounding my cat's recent surgery, my pets were handled with great care and affection.Due to the nature of my cat's illness, exploratory surgery was necessary to remove a blockage in his intestines. All costs and options were reviewed with me up-front and the staff handled my first-time cat owner questioning with ease. I never felt rushed and at no time was the experience stressful for my cat or me. The recommended treatment options were not bloated with unnecessary costs and measures were taken to ensure cost-effectiveness. When I asked for a copy of my cat's x-rays to share with my cat-savvy brother-in-law, the tech cheerfully provided a CD of his x-rays for me to take home. Also, the doctors and techs made several follow-up calls to me during my cat's recovery and I appreciate that level of personal communication. The only complaint I have is the building is set back quite a ways from the street (Thomas) and their sign is not very prominent, making it easy to pass. On the other hand, if this is a strategic means of keeping animals far away from a main street, I'm all for it.Overall, this is the best vet I have ever been to and I would give them 10 stars if I could!
3	I've held off writing this review for a few months because I am so torn. I love this vet's location, handling staff and the groomer was decent too. But Josie HATES them, so I can't go back there in good conscience.  That doesn't mean you won't love Ingleside.I had two doctor's appointments at Ingleside, Both times I saw Dr. Rachel Bart. I brought Josie in two other times for Soft Paws application, as Ingleside is one of the only places in the valley that will do it (as long as you provide the Soft Paws)At the end of the day, who likes getting a thermometer stuck up their rear? Anyone? I'm not sure why veterinarians offices won't just invest the $40 in one or two ear thermometers for those finicky pets who don't love anal probes. A butt thermometer was what started Josie off on the wrong foot, made her defensive and aggressive. I agree that the clinic is beautiful and spacious, and never smells bad, and moving to the exam room was usually a quick process. My single biggest complaint is that once Josie got defensive, the vet and a tech would wrap her in a towel and take her into the back, leaving me in the exam room. Not once did they perform their exam in front of me. Why even have an exam room? The last time I was in there, they brought her back into the exam room and Dr. Bart told me they could not do the exam because she was so riled up. She went on to say that the last time I brought her in for Soft Paws, 4 techs had to hold her down to get the claw covers on. 4 people on 1 7lb cat. Let's imagine for a moment you are in a town you aren't familiar with and four 300lb cage fighters come up to you and pin down your arms and legs. Would you not fight for your life? Behavior like that from professionals just doesn't make sense.Then Dr. Bart lost my respect entirely by telling me that Josie was a mean cat and would only get worse, and I should get her declawed.  I asked if maybe she was more defensive because she was found outside and possibly came from a feral genetic history. The response was "No. Some cats are just like that. That is her personality." Which is dismissive because clearly my cat is not like that with me. She waits at the door for me every day so I can pick her up and cuddle her when I get home, she loves to fetch and play endlessly. Obviously the incendiary factor here was bad behavior on the part of the animal hospital and I can very easily remedy that by never returning. And to follow up, I bought nail trimmers and have since clipped Josie's nails and applied Soft Paws myself, a number of times. She whines but lets me do it without a problem. Here's my objective advice: Ingleside is a great place for most pets, not all of them. It is most certainly worth your time and money to take your pet here for both medical and grooming services. Just know your pet, watch your pet, and don't believe everything these, or any other vets say about your pet.
5	Just got back from Ingleside Animal Hospital and I have to agree with some of the previous reviewers. The building is just lovely. I love how big and spacious it is. Some vet offices are so cramped and just not enough room to avoid other dogs. My beautiful girl dog happens to not like too many other dogs so I usually HATE taking her alone to vets because it's such a hassle to care for her, fill out paperwork and try to keep other pets away from her. Definitely NOT the case here. She did so well with three other dogs in the room. The staff was very nice and helpful. Dr. Bart listened to me and I really enjoyed the whole visit. So did Dee minus her getting her temperature taken. Haha. I did feel pressured to get unnecessary test or meds.One of my other favorite parts was when it came to pay the bill. It was ACTUALLY fairly priced!!! What? Isn't that just crazy? A place that actually cares for the animals and doesn't overprice every little thing like 'oh your dog went the bathroom outside here's a $300 bill'. Nope, there was none of that. When the nice lady at the front told me the price I was taken back and in shock. A vet visit, exams and meds for less then $130!!! That's awesome!!!
5	I took my new puppy to Ingleside and they got her set up on the puppy package. It was a resonable price for all three rounds of her shots and a full year's supply of heartworm meds. Everyone there is very informative and friendly. My puppy was soaking up the attention and compliments from everyone! I've had a bazillion questions every time I've gone in, as this is the first puppy I've owned myself. The vet and vet assistants all helped me during this new learning experience. I thoroughly enjoyed the new building, and so did the pup. It's state of the art, and inviting. I love all the beautiful photos on the walls with animal's info and if they were adopted, etc.
5	Dr Serbin always finds the time to squeeze my dog family in when there is an emergency. He ALWAYS follows up the next day; its nice to know he cares.  I love the follow ups because he'll listen to your concerns if you have any and recommend coming back if need be.  Ingleside Animal Hospital is very close to my family and has seen us on our worst of days; they are very understanding and will even offer up a hug if you need one.  They were very comforting to our last dog that we put down and even sent a card to my family in our hard time.  We have been going to Dr Serbin for the past 8-10 yrs (?) and I wouldn't have it any other way!!!
4	We've been fans of Dr. Gilchrist and the staff at Ingleside for four years, and we've been very happy with their work. We just wish they were closer to us in Chandler. To begin, Dr. Gilchrist is very calm and helpful. He gives our cats thorough exams and doesn't make us feel rushed. He also doesn't try to push products the office sells. (There are multiple vets at this facility, but we prefer Dr. Gilchrist.)The staff is very friendly. They even let our little tuxedo kitty climb over their desks and around their keyboards. They also handle our big orange tabby well despite how scared he usually is.The building is modern and spacious, but the prices increased a little bit after they relocated to the new building.  The exam rooms are clean and neat. If you prefer Saturday appointments, make sure to call as early as possible because Saturday slots go fast.
1	I used to go to Ingleside animal hospital for all my pets needs. I had a very sick kitty that they could not figure out what was wrong. The only option was exploratory surgery for an amount that was way out of my budget. I also didn't think my kitty would survive the surgery. They attempted to find every $!00 treatment they could over the course of several years. Never did figure out what ailed him. They got the money in the long run. Once my kitty needed some more antibiotics for an abscess that Dr. Serbin had already seen and prescribed for. The abscess came back. I had recently lost my car and my job and asked if they could just call a script in to a local pharmacy as i didn't have the $ for a cab ride or the visit. It had been 4 months since his last office visit and like i said they had seen this poor kitty dozens of times on deaths door over years. He told me it wasn't ethical to prescribe the meds that i needed to come in. I was irrate. I had just been in there for another cat 2 months prior and had a standing antibiotic script for him so I asked if they could call in the script for the other animal they had just seen. He told me that he wouldnt because he knew I would give it to the other animal.  I ended up having to get my hands on some from someone else. otherwise my poor cat would have went without. I wrote a letter to them of how upset i was and got no reply. A few years later after trying many other vets and the sick kitty had passed away the other kitty I had needed a dental cleaning. I had saved adamantly to acquire the funds to get it done over 2 years. (its very expensive. In light of my experiences there I trusted their competency with doing the dental surgery so I returned back money in hand over $400. My anger from previous grievances were furthest from my mind had just about forgotten and just wanted my cats teeth cleaned. On the day of the appt because of my cats age they did pre blood work for the surgery and it came back he was diabetic. I couldn't believe it i had another cat that was diabetic and this one didn't show any of the signs i was shocked so they ran some more tests and loaded me up with insulin and never cleaned his teeth. My bill was just about all of the $400 i had desperately saved. Every time i gave the cat insulin his sugar would crash. I ended up going to a different vet (BLUE CROSS animal hospital) who eventually did the surgery and said that his mouth was causing his diabetes and he just needed it done. I suspect  Ingleside purposely ran my bill up and didn't treat my animal because of past disputes. I have no proof but I will never pass on a chance to warn other cat owners to avoid them I will never return there and am so much happier with BCAC. I live in tempe now but will gladly drive to BCAC.
5	No complaints.  After observing a sudden change in my cat's behavior and weight, I decided that I wanted someone to see her right away.  Ingleside was the third area vet I called (based on yelp reviews) and the only one that was able to get her in today.  The front desk service was super friendly and accommodating and the building is clean, bright and airy, unlike every other vet's office I've been to, ever.  There was plenty of room to avoid the other animals.The Dr. (Bart? that's probably relevant but I don't remember) was attentive, gentle with my flipped-out cat, and presented all of my options (and the prices) for the available tests to figure out what was wrong.  The pricing was what I expected: a little over $200 for the visit and blood tests.  Overall, it was very smooth and quick and I would definitely bring my animals back here.
5	Great Vet, and the groomer Christie who run her business there is the best around. I get my Maine Coon, Checker groomed there every year.
5	the vets here are fabulous as is every solitary, single person working there. we especially like dr. kristen levine. she's a relatively new vet, but her empathy, skills and intelligence are top notch. almost a year ago, one of our dogs became critically ill.  dr. levine fought to save her life from the kidney and liver failures and she did save her life. it was a long, hard fight for 2 1/2 months, but frankie survived those health issues.  every time i've called with a question or concern, they respond right away. you can always get in the same day for an appointment, as they have several great vets on staff. i cannot recommend them highly enough.
5	Wow! Shocked that I was able to call in for a last minute check-up as a new patient and they were able to see me in 15 min...This vet is very close to where we live, so I think we found our new vet. All the staff was super friendly - - which is typically the case of any vet office. But yes, I agree with the other reviews - - nice, organized, clean, and large open environment.Lucy had a nice first visit today. :)
5	So far, I love these guys. I've only had to bring my dog here twice, but each time they were very caring and professional. The office is beautiful, clean, and has seemingly new/updated equipment. When my dog, Spartacus, was having an allergic reaction, they took him in immediately (on short notice), and got him the shots he needed to bring down his hives. The whole ordeal (visit cost + 3 different allergy shots) cost $110 and the antibiotics were only $22 (which they can fill in their in-office pharmacy). Overall, great value, caring doctors, great staff! They even called to check up on my dog a couple times after seeing him.
5	We have been taking our pets here for over 15 years.  Bunnies....kitties...all get treated with love and respect.   Fantastic new building...super comfortable for you and your lil ones.  Can't recommend them high enough!Jon
5	Ingleside Animal Hospital was able to accommodate my dogs for a same-day appointment, even though they had never been there before, out of concern for their health. We arrived about ten minutes early and were immediately escorted into the exam room. I was pleased with the hospital's service and cleanliness. For exams and antibiotics for both dogs, I walked out with a bill for the same amount I used to pay for one dog at my old vet.
5	Update: Found the time to take the dog to the vet myself (instead of sending others). The office was clean, new, and well lit. Everyone was really nice. I feel confident he is getting the highest quality of care and would not hesitate to recommend this clinic to others.  6/26/2012 :The receptionist---who answers the phones, books the appointments, and makes the reminder calls--was kind and a good listener. I found him efficient and polite. My sister reports that although our dog liked the vet, my sister found her condescending and brusque. My sister is refusing to go back there. However, since my dog liked the vet, I will just keep sending him there and have my husband take him.
1	More a business then a clinic.. a certain degree of care for the animals, but in my opinion and experience, it's all about the almighty dollar there.  I felt my pet was second over how much they could nickel and dime me for.  After $$$$ dollars spent, I went to another vet who put the animal first with the cost secondary.  Again, my opinion only, not my type of vet clinic.
5	I first went to Ingleside in 2004. When I moved back to phoenix I began going there again in 2011. I cannot afford a lot. They are flexible and understand I do not have $ 800 to spend on my animal. I have had about 3 vets I have seen over the years with Ingleside and each one of them has been exceptional. My friend had also taken her pets to them for years and she loved them.  If I take my beloved crew of two dogs and one cat to them it is because I trust them completely. I am not one who trusts easily. Also, remember some people who post on here are never happy anywhere they go ( LOL).
5	I went to Ingleside on a friend's recommendation after not being able to get good care or a thorough exam at another Arcadia area vet.While the end result of my visit was making the excruciatingly difficult decision to humanely euthanize my cat, I could not be more pleased with the care he received there as well as their compassion towards both of us.Dr. Ronaldo(or Rolando-I can't remember which) was beyond amazing. She was able to quickly diagnose my cat, ran him through x rays with no problem(when the other vet I went to wanted to sedate him for x rays which likely would have complicated his illness and maybe even resulted in death) and was completely compassionate and patient with me. I ended up spending half a day at the office on a holiday and was the last person to leave. I think they left the office open just for me judging by the lack of cars in the parking lot and no patients in the lobby.Could not recommend this vet more. They made a horrible process as "easy" as possible.
1	They like to run expensive tests and we believe them to be dishonest. We had been going there for years but no more.
5	We were in need of somewhere that would perform euthansia and on a Sunday. The staff is wonderful and so very supportive and understanding. They explained the procedure and very efficient. When we pulled up, they were waiting for us and had a room ready for us to go into. It was a very calming experience and they gave us all the time we needed to grieve. I would definately recommend them. Dr Bart was very caring. As difficult and heartbreaking as this was,they made it a little easier. A week later, we received a sympathy card which was signed by the whole staff....such a personable touch and it meant so much to us.
5	After my cat was severely injured I rushed to this hospital for immediate care. The entire staff was not only professional and nice but they really care about your pet. The Dr thoroughly went over every single detail and was straight forward about everything. He followed up me with several times checking on my pet and going over the procedures he had done and what to expect and look for in the future. I couldn't have asked for better care and true concern for my baby.Thank you Ingleside!
5	We adopted a puppy a few weeks ago, and recently took him in to see Dr. Bart. The vet techs were great, and treated us and the pup with care and professionalism. Dr. Bart answered all our questions and we didn't feel in the least bit swindled on pricing. We got his first set of vaccines, both types of fecal testing, a microchip, and heartworm preventative, along with the full exam. Our bill was about $250, which is significantly lower than other vets we have worked with. They also do nail trims for $16...a HUGE bonus for our adult dog who is 80lbs+ and too strong for us to go after our nails on our own.We are looking forward to Ingleside being our full time vet!
5	My six-year-old persian got into my mum plant and had stomach poisoning. Dr. Bart gave him fluids under the skin an oral prescription antibiotic and a bland diet and after two days he was good as new and happy. A few days later she gave us a call to make sure that he was okay Dr. Bart  really goes above and beyond and has always been a fantastic vet.
5	A
