5	Whooli's is just a great place to go have great wings and sandwiches with unbeatable service. They easily have the best wings in town and their hot sandwiches are WONDERFUL. The wait staff is not only fast and friendly, but they get to know you and greet you BY NAME when you walk in the door. LOVE THIS PLACE!Highlights:NFL All Access PassWINGSBeer specialsDelicious food2 pool tables
4	Going to have to agree with Scarlett on this one.  I've always driven by and told myself I need to try that place one day.... I'm glad I did!  Don't expect any flashy gimmick's or themes with this bar and grill.I ordered the Whooli Burger with onion rings and a couple beers... it was pretty heavenly.  I had just run a six miles so I was starving, but the burger and beers hit the spot just right.The waitress/barkeep was very friendly and seemed to know everyone by name if you were a regular.  Even if she didn't know you she found some way to interact and talk to you other than the normal:  "Can I take your order" at other places.Looks like there are 2 pool tables (free to play?)  I'll have to ask next time I go - but the balls were on the table and it didn't look like there were any of those money slots where the balls get collected after sinking them in the pockets.I'm excited to come back and try more of their hot sandwiches and wings.  The best part about it, is the proximity to my house... I'm always so used to driving at least 15-20 minutes to get someplace to eat or have a drink.
5	Been a LONG time Whooli's customer(nearly 10 years), though I only recently started going regularly again. As Scarlett said, Whooli's has THE best wings around, period. Order them extra crispy for the full effect. The staff is very friendly if you're new, or very fun if you're a regular, they like to joke around and have a little fun with everybody. I go here primarily for the wings and the always-fresh Yeungling on draft, but everything else I have tried was absolutely top notch just like the wings. You cannot go wrong with Whooli's.
5	The more times I come here, the more I realize how much of a gem this place is.  I really enjoy coming in, grabbing a table and a couple of brews (very affordable) and getting some awesome food served in huge portions.My new favorite item on the menu is the Monterrey Sandwich:  Blackened chicken breast with mushrooms and bacon and ranch on top.... I was in heaven eating this sandwich.  I upgraded my chips to fries and they were served piping hot.  Unfortunately I was unable to eat all of them....  that was the saddest part about my meal was not being able to finish it.The place is all very unassuming and is located "on the fringe" of Charlotte right before you hit the Matthews town/city limits.  The service is very personal and is great - I love coming here for the laid back atmosphere and great bar food.  My stomach is thankful for living so close to this place.
5	Whooli's has great wings . Whooli sauce is excellent. I went back after about 5 years since I no longer live in Charlotte and was in town for a visit. They have since moved across the street to a nicer location. Excellent service. I have only gotten Wings, potato skins, and beer here.  All Excellent. KUDOS!!
3	Whooli's used to be across the street, next to Bi-Lo, which is now Super G.  In that location, they were a bit more homey, but it was also an incredibly smoke-filled joint that could be tough to walk into.  I can see why they moved (though I have no idea if this is why they moved, it makes for a nice excuse).Now they are across the street in a smaller strip mall, with what appears to be a bit larger space, where they have lost the friendly, divey feel - and the smoke-filled sensation as well, since they moved after the smoking ban took effect - and they gained a place that is a bit more difficult to get into.  In the larger lot, there are multiple access points.  Not so here.Once you make it, however, the joint is generally decent, and service is friendly once you get it, but even on a slowish Saturday afternoon it can be somewhat spotty.  Larger tables or those who are ordering more alcohol are more likely to get better service (nothing unusual here, just pointing it out).As to the food, it is served up quickly and while not fancy, does the job well.  Definitely a good alternative to somewhere like Applebee's, and a huge upgrade to Burger King.
4	This is my hot dog heaven.  I have been coming here for years only for their Whooli's Jumbo dog with chili, cheddar cheese, and lots and lots of onions.  It's sad that this is the only thing I get, the owner, Guy, knows that's the only thing I order.  He's determined to get me to try something else, but how can I say no to so much deliciousness?  The place has moved from their original spot, and I quite enjoy the new place. The bar is a lot bigger, and they have a few tv's located around the restaurant for you to watch a game while waiting for your take out.  I love the little detail at the bar that they have their little Irish man ironed/burned (?) into the wood of the bar.  Small details like that are nice.  The place has a homey feel that you're just chilling with friends.  Some of the tables there are picnic tables, so I like that.  The atmosphere is friendly, but sometimes it felt like it can get a little too loud.  But everyone is just there for a good time, so no hard feelings.  There's is also a pool table located there which you can test your skills at.  Try this place out if you're looking for a nice relaxing bar to wind down at for the end of the day!
2	I thought it was appropriate to give my review two stars because there were only two things I liked here:1.  The server was very friendly and affable.2.  The Whooli wings were good.  Although it was annoying that the wing prices had changed.There were several disappointing things in the rest of the meal:1.  The cheesesteak my wife ate was tough and had a bad flavor.  Also, the condiments were very poor.  No Hellman's mayo and no Heinz ketchup.  House Recipe brand sucks!2.  The hot dog I ordered had an OK flavor but they put it on a bun that had way to much bread.  A hot dog should not be served on a cheesesteak roll.  I just ate the dog without the bun.3.  Server didn't know how to pour a Guiness.  It should be hard poured (bottle directly upside down) and not titled to the side.  You want a rich creamy head and you don't get it by tilting.4.  The fries were soggy.
5	The food here will shock and amaze you.  I have been going here for almost 10 years and have never been less than pleased for my order or the service.  The wings are great don't miss the whooli sauce and the teriyaki with wasabi ranch for dipping.  My favorite sandwich is the grilled Monterrey Chicken with bacon, mushroom, swiss and ranch, my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  On Fridays don't miss the Prime-rib sandwich cooked to order and served with au jus and horseradish.  The beer on tap is always cold and fresh and affordable as well.  Over all you can't go wrong I could sit here and write all day about the huge club sandwiches, Rubens, in house made soups, buffalo shrimp but now I am getting hungry.
3	MOVED TO #7206  -on the WEST side of E. Independence plus you can't see the entrance to the parking lot unless you are on the wrong side of the blvd. PITA , the umpteenth time that I drive somewhere only to find the info is obsolete - I notified Yelp about Mily and Lalo two weeks ago and they still haven't corrected it. The decor is strictly pool tables, lots of tvs and metal chairs, yikes! I sat at the bar. First let down this "grill" doesn't have a liquor license, just beer. Ok at least they have New Castle brown and it's cheap not too bad. The food must be awesome, the barmaid said so! She said it three times in fact.  Well, if your idea of awesome is standard bar fare served in a plastic baskets it is. I ordered the Ruben - which I never do - because I wasn't in the mood to be picky, it was very good and reasonably priced. The fries were over salty I couldn't eat more than half of it. This no gastro-pub: burgers, chicken wings and the traditional sandwiches, no plates - I honestly don't get the raving five star reviews, they raised my expectations way too high. The barmaid was pleasant enough, I ate some peanuts. All in all I think it's a good place to refuel, have a beer and a bite. That's it.
4	WIIINGGGGS! I have to say I came here from a suggestion from a friend. Note, this location is a little different and lets say it's a little harder to get in here unless you know exactly where it's at. As you probably have read from the other reviews, it's right across the street from Super G Mart and adjacent to the gas station and the ABC store. Anyways onto the food. We got the 50 wing platter (which was a ton!) and drenched the sauce of teriyaki garlic sauce and the whooli's sauce. My table purely enjoyed the Whooli's sauce over the teriyaki sauce because it was a little too salty. But, if you want to try out both and determine it yourself I say go 50/50!Other dishes we ordered here were the Potato Skins, Nachos, and the Roast Beef Sandwich. The sandwich was sort of massive if you asked me. Stacked up to 4 layers, it will definitely fill you up. The Potato Skins and the Nachos were appetizers and they also filled you up quickly.  My table definitely did not finish our meal and ended up packing it up to go into the fridge for a quick midnight snack.Overall, I loved the service and the ambiance. It was a easy bar (with not so many beer selections) and it had a couple of pool tables. When we went there was even a league playing so we got a chance to watch some playing, which I thought was entertaining. Come and have some wings and come out filled and happy!
5	Order the whoolie wings extra crispy...the best!
3	Used to go here all the time in its original location...  Apparantly on the other side of Independence the prices doubled..  Strolled in the other Saturday not knowing they had moved a few years ago.  Wanted a good sandwich and fries..  Well the fries dont come with a sandwich and cost $2.50 extra !  A Cheesesteak and Fries cost me around 12 smackers pre tip..  The food was pretty good but come on...  15 bucks for a decent lunch at a bar with no beer ordered?
5	You can not beat the Garlic Teriyaki Shrimp with sesame seeds with Wasabi Ranch to dip them in!  It is a must have!  They also have cajun shrimp that are awesome too.  The wings are unbelievable and they are not small! The Whooli's sauce will light you up.. it is hot.  I love this place!!  Oh and Kelly is the BOMB!!
5	This place is awesome. The service is great, everybody is friendly and they make the place feel very "homey." Best wings I've ever had. Killians and Shiner Bock on draft, along with some normal domestics. Cheap beer prices, cheaper if you're paying cash. I've had wings, shrimp, salads, curly fries, potato wedges, chicken fingers, everything is great. Sandwiches are always good here. Generous helpings.
4	Went here on a whim this evening with my wife and my niece.  Ordered some wings, had some fried cauliflower,ordered a burger. Had a few beers ( Beer was very cold).  Food was really good for regular pub food. I was pleased. The waitress was very nice. Down to earth and kindly  It was an extremely pleasant experience. It was also very clean, not crowded and very townie. I will be coming back.
5	Went here on a whim this evening with my wife and my niece.  Ordered some wings, had some fried  cauliflower,ordered a burger. Had a few beers ( Beer was very cold).  Food was really good for regular pub food. I was pleased. The waitress was very nice. Down to earth and kindly  It was an extremely pleasant experience. It was also very clean, not crowded and very townie. I will be coming back."
3	They moved across 74 from their old location, right next to the gas station and ABC store. I like this location better. It seems larger, more clean, and less smoke-filled. Its a very casual atmosphere.  They have several pool tables and enough TV's. You have seating choices- a picnic table, table with metal chairs, or up at the bar. So don't wear a dress or skirt...getting in and out of the picnic table seating can get embarrassing. I've had their wings with the Whoolies sauce because that is what everyone says to get, they were good, not my favorite,  but good. I've also had the Whoolies burger (watch out, if you want cheese it will almost be a dollar extra) and it was fine,  again nothing to write home about. The other sandwiches are huge, I can never finish one. I like the curly fries here, the other fries can get a little too salty for me. They only have a few beer selections, but they are decently priced. The staff is friendly enough. They know some people by name and those people get paid attention to the most.  I like how quiet it is on a Saturday afternoon,  so that's when I'd go for a couple of wings and a cheap beer.
4	This place is a true diamond in the rough. It's a hole in the wall, heck they don't even have a soda fountain but the food is fantastic! I had the wings Whooli's style and the Whooli Special which is a hot Italian sandwich and I was blown away. Very good! If you are passing by and get turned off by the building or are skeptical about the location I urge you to stop and eat at Whooli's, you won't be disappointed.
