4	decent food.  standard sports bar motif and quality.   tvs everywhere.  longer wait than i'd like especially for lunch, but what are you gonna do.  Their fries were tastey
4	Great pizza, awesome pizza and beer deal.
4	I actually worked here briefly during university so I can give you the inside scoop on this place.It's run by a guy named Dino who owns a few other restaurants, but essentially, it's a pretty independent establishment which should be an up since it's always nice to support the littler guys.Their food is actually pretty good considering that at heart this is a university sports bar. All of their chicken is fresh, never frozen. Their stir fry's were my favourite menu items.They have a great patio with televisions, high top tables, and if you can time it right you might also be able to snag a few of their comfortable lounge chairs.Inside there are booths with individual televisions, a bar area with high top tables, a party room that accommodates sports teams and a big screen television with tables in front of it for all the big games, fights, etc.
4	I've been to McGinnis front row at least 50 times in the last twenty years.  Both as a 20 something university student, and now as a parent of three kids.  Most of my visits in the last ten years have been restricted to lunch, so we haven't had issues getting a table.This is not a haute cuisine restaurant.  This is a sports bar, that also serves as a great place for friends and family to hang out, watch a game, and enjoy each others company.There's a massive screen tv and another section where each booth has their own tv.  The sports theme has been their staple.  I appreciate the throwback Blue Jays art, and the fact that they support both WLU and UW evenly in the establishment.One of the pluses about this place is that they aren't afraid to experiment with changing their menu.  I often try the new items and they have never disappointed.  They also have a number of staples.  My wife loves their nachos.This trip I tried one of their poutine variants and stole some of my sons ravioli.  Though I liked the poutine the ravioli was awesome.The other plus for the kids is the sundae cart.  Kids love having artistic control over their desserts, and this is the only place I'm aware of beyond some buffets that will let kids add their own toppings.Finally service staff - consistently good staff, they look for very social outgoing staff.  Today was no exception.
3	Came here for lunch - they have weekly specials, and cheap drinks, and are conveniently located very close to the Waterloo campus.I ordered the bacon cheeseburger, which was quite a monstrosity when it arrived. Unfortunately, the one inch thick beef patty was dry and flavorless, and the entire ensemble was just greasy, dripping mess. The sweet potato fries were surprisingly good, however, and I would definitely recommend them over the regular fries. I stole a few of my friend's chicken tenders as well - they're listed as a house special, and they're quite interesting: instead of the usual chicken tender shape, they're very long and skinny strips of chicken, which makes for maximum crunch and dipping surface area. I personally really liked them, but if you're a fan of fat swaths of battered chicken, it probably won't be for you.
2	Eek! Disaster!So maybe it was our mistake for picking a university bar for lunch... but still, if the place is open for lunch, it should at least make a decent attempt at lunch.Veggie burger. Patty was quite obviously just smashed beans. Didn't really stick together well. Reminded me of the quintessential lunch lady and her ominous spoonful of mystery sludge. What a mess.I guess it goes without saying, and I feel kind of foolish for having to clarify... but do not come here for lunch. Period.Saving grace is their fries. Not that they were spectacular, or even that special, but among the other underachieving options for food, the fries at least demonstrate that this place knows how to make one thing satisfactorily. Gives me some hope that their bar/night scene isn't a complete trainwreck.
4	Food is pretty good and the environment is perfect if you and a group of friends are wanting to watch a big sports game or just to talk and have fun. The price is a little expensive but they give you a lot of food so its worth it.
