3	This SAQ is conveniently located close to the Marche Atwater. There is a common parking lot shared with a Super C.I like this location as one can stop over and hit the marche and grab some booze on the way back. Selection is decent with good options for wine and beer. Prices are what they are so can't debate much there. Another plus is the free and convenient parking.
4	Alright so you have to understand this review in context. SAQ is Quebec's monopoly for sales and distribution of alcoholic products. With a few exception, these stores are the only places to buy quality wine in Quebec. I much prefer to have independent stores with competition on the selection but this is what it is.That said, too often the experience in SAQ's store is bad with staff that don't care or don't know. Not here. The store is well organized, the staff is knowledgeable and very nice. The selection is good (not outstanding but this is the consequence of the monopoly) and there is enough to satisfy one's everyday need.One nice bonus that we noticed over the last few weeks is that on weekend (at least Friday evening) there is always from 3 to 5 wines available for free tasting. It's nice to come here, taste the wine, walk around the aisle have discussion about wine with the staff and other patrons... in short, it's better to come here then and make it a experience rather than a quick stop!
5	How can a government monopoly earn 5 stars. I'm only guessing but it may be buying power. I'm a burgundy fan and always go straight to that section wherever I go. The selection in this SAQ, due to it's size is nothing short of amazing. They had a small producer natural wine white burgundy that was difficult to find in Paris! Also, when I bought out their stock of this wine they jumped on the computer and found a few more bottles at a smaller SAQ location and sure enough they were there!The sales folks may not have a tremendous amount of experience but they were all friendly and helpful and know where things are. The price was less than Paris too so I can't really figure that out but what a great location. Since it is an SAQ selection store it is classified as having a better choice and they are correct!
