5	I have shopped Jo-Ann Fabrics and Crafts for YEARS!  I have missed them when I came to the Carolinas.  Now we have one here too!  Great items, great ideas, great prices!
5	This review will be short and sweet because the store and service speaks for itself.  After years of dealing with "other" craft stores it was nice to come to Jo-Ann's.  It is clean, organized, staffed with helpful associates and best of all the selection is great.  Fabric and Craft!!!  No wasted space with home decor or knick knacks.  Just great jewelry supplies and ribbon selections.  Now my go to craft store - even if I have to pass other stores to get there!
3	There aren't any of these craft stores near me but while I was visiting my daughter we shopped here for some things she needed for class.  So I can't say a whole lot.
4	I am a sometime crafter, but my retired mom is a full-time quilting machine (she does baby quilts for hospitals) and she rarely gets out and about past her small area of comfort when driving, so taking her to Jo-Ann's was a real treat for both of us.The store, formerly an office supply store, located in the shopping center at the corner of South and 485 (Target, Kohl's, Bed Bath and Beyond, etc.) is clean, well-lit and  has plenty of parking directly in front of the building.  It's not in the main group of retails stores, but kind of off to the left, somewhat behind Value City Furniture.The fabric selection is wonderful.  Charms, fat quarters, yardage, I was amazed at the selection.  Once you pick and choose what you need, just bring it to the table to be cut and coded and you're good to go.  I found the staff to be quite helpful.  The sell Viking machines there and mom busied herself talking with the woman working on that section and dreaming of a giant embroidery machine.  They had a good selection of beads and such for jewelry making, although in looking through it, I think I like Michaels better for that - although that could be because I am accustomed to go to Michaels for that and know the products and placement better there.  I felt a little lost at Jo-Ann's and didn't really see anything that tickled my fancy.  But, I was looking for quilting fabric, so I may not have been in the mood.Great store to get lost in if you are a crafty sort - or even if you aren't.  Great selection of arts, crafts and fabrics.
4	I'm a crafter and currently working on my first fabric craft so I decided to make a trip over to Joann's.  The store is fantastic!!!  I had no idea that they carried such a variety of craft items since I have always thought of them as just a fabric store...boy, was I wrong!!!  Although I dabble in all types of crafts, I'm an avid baker so I am always on the lookout for local places to pick up cake tools, fondant tools, etc.  They have a decent selection of items for the basic supplies, but they really didn't have anything extraordinary and it seems that Wilton is all they carry.  Again, it's ok for the basics.I was impressed with the overall inventory of items in there and I would say that every crafter could find something to add to their arsenal.  Whether you're into scrapbooking, wood crafts, knitting, jewelry making, floral arranging, clay crafts, painting, drawing, or home decorating...Joann's has it covered!Then of course there's the fabric....WOW!!  They have a tremendous selection!  The craft that I am working on calls for multiple types of fabrics and patterns, but all in smaller quantities (1/4-1/2 yd).  The woman at the fabric cutting table had her hands full with me, but she was good about it.  To make matters worse, I also discovered the seasonal fabric clearance section and I went a little crazy.  I've been enjoying my current craft project so much that I decided to plan for Christmas and Halloween, too...especially since the fabric was 60% off!  When all was said and done, the fabric cutter ended up cutting fabric from approximately 20 different rolls for me.  She deserves a raise for being such a trooper!The store and selection easily deserves a 5 star rating, however I am going to give Joann's an overall 4 star rating because of the prices...they were a bit high compared to their competition for many of the items.  In terms of fabric, I noticed some of the exact same fabrics at Joann's that I had purchased elsewhere that same day and Joann's was $2.00 more per yard!!  Even a couple of prints that were on sale at Joann's was still more expensive than at the other store.  I also found that their decorative and seasonal items were pricey, too.  My Mom and I spent nearly 2hrs in the store, but it would have easily been 3 if I didn't have someplace to be afterwards. There's so much to see and project inspirations at every turn.  I will most definitely go back, but I will be sure to watch the sales and bring coupons.
4	Great service and a lot too offer. I always am able find what I am looking for.
4	A little bit of this, a little of that.  They have a good selection of a range of fabrics, their painting, woodworking and floral departments seemed on par for most, but their premade (boxes, paintings) were small and framing department I didn't see at all.  The jewelry section also seemed small, two short rows.  But it seemed well organized if not a little cramped, and the cutting counter was on the ball on a Sunday afternoon of a sale weekend.
