5	I really enjoyed my experience at this place and it was mostly the service that made it a fun time. We had bought a living social deal to try the food and the two guys who waited on us, I believe their names were Dave and AJ, were so friendly. We've never done crab maryland style so they both took the time to show us how to do it and made it a really lighthearted and silly experience. The food is a bit pricey for the quantity, especially the appetizers, but everything was tasty the crab was really yummy! We also had beer and watched football, they even put the game we wanted on, which added to the charm of this place. It is the type of place with awesome food and a chill atmosphere, we will definitely return to mallot some crabs!
4	Just a solid as east flamingo
2	Wanted to like this place but the quality of the food and the service just wasn't there for me. Plus something I ate there gave me a really bad stomach ache after.. So I'll stick to the other spots around town still.. Sorry guys.
2	Ate there, not going back.  Place was not too busy.  My colleague ordered jumbo shrimp with a cup of soup and I ordered 1/2 lb of shrimp with a side salad.  Also ordered crab cakes as an appetizer.  After the order was put in, two soups arrive.  One soup went back and a salad came out with the wrong dressing.   When we were eating, another soup and salad arrived, wtf! The crab cakes never arrived.  My colleague's shrimp arrived, but not mine after quite some time.  Then when mine arrived, it was not 1/2 lb.  My colleague did not check the bill and was charged for shrimp that was never fully delivered and for crab cakes.  Right before we left, a server stopped by with more shrimp even though we never ordered it.  They just opened, but, man...not good at all.  Look at your bill before you leave.
2	Ok it is their first week of business at this location. I will give them some slack for that, hence the 2nd star. Went there for lunch with a coworker. Pricey, Plan to spend $13+ for lunch. We consider this expensive for a work day lunch. So, we opted for the special soup which was $8 for a styrofoam bowl full. *shudders at styrofoam*  The waiter raved about the crab soup over the lobster bisque so we tried it. My co worker liked it, but I only ate half which is highly unusual for me. It was a bit fishy for my liking, seemed they were masking smelly cheap crab with too heavy paste like cream & lots of pepper. Even ran into a shell chip or two. Ick. The only thing that got me really crabby ( bad pun) was it took over 1/2 hour for them to ladle out 2 bowls of soup, plunk down a handful of saltines, and napkins. Ridiculous! I will say the hush puppies we split were top notch.. The ambience is horrible, school bus yellow walls with stop sign red below chair rail, think nursery school, or sports team. Ya I get they're football fans but its a bit too teenage boys bedroom. Coincidentally, all the wait staff & cooks were younger asian men...Not sure what that means? Its an oxymoron, I don't put Maryland crab expertise..think fishermen, think sea captains, think east coast old world, think Loyola, ...with surfer dudes toting iPods.  Either way, Service was laughably bad, food pricey for fried fare, ambience none existent. Doubt we will return.
5	Waited a long time for you to open. Not the same Maryland crab house feel as the other location but just as good on the food and service rock on!
1	Last night was my first experience trying crab corner. My family and I ordered a little bit of everything on the menu to get the full experience. It was my hope that the crab would be very meaty and flavorful. This was not the case at all, the mussels were very tiny and had no flavor, the king crab was good but had no seasoning and was quite salty and pretty bland and the blue crab, well that was an adventure all in its own because when we finally got to the meat it wasnt worth it because there wasn't much to eat. To top it off we ate inside and somehow our food was surrounded by flies. I am not one to write reviews but if youre expecting anything close to hot and juicy or boiling crab like I was you're in for a disappointment.
2	Food was a-OK..not bad...; We ordered take out and it was nice to have parking spaces up front for the take out orders.Hubby ordered the sea clams and specifically asked for two sauces - the red sauce and the tartar sauce.  The host said they always put the two sauces in there.  We got home and there was only the red sauce.  I called them and I told the host that the hubby was not happy....she laughs.... This was the SECOND time!  and to have a the host laugh at the situation did not help.  I had the mussels in the garlic white wine sauce which was tasty and plentiful.  I also ordered the hearty house salad.The low rating was due to the host laughing at us.... what was that all about???
2	My family and I have visited the Eastern location a few times.  It's kind of pricy, about $60 for two kids meals and two, pick two combos.  Not even any crab... The cod and shrimp.  The food is usually good though, so every once in a while, we'd go for dinner.We were SO excited to have the rainbow location open, as it's much closer to our house.  We went tonight for dinner to check it out, and were disappointed.  Our same meals that were $60 are now $70, and aren't even close to being as good.  It's just too expensive for what you get.The restaurant was loud, and the service was meh... Not great, but not horrendous.  Our food came out in a decent amount of time, and the kids meals were okay.  Our pick two meals were not great though.  The cod was a joke... The pieces were so small that it was more like getting two fish sticks.  It was also very overlooked, dry and tough. The potato salad is still phenomenal, but it didn't make up for the rest of the meal.  My parents got the muscles, which they usually love and were told are currently in season.  My mom thought they were okay, but my dad thought they were so bad that he refused to eat them.We won't be going back any time soon, which is a shame, as it's about 5 minutes away from our house.  I'm still in shock that two combo meals and two kids meals were $70, for the quality of food we received.
5	For any native Marylander living in Vegas, this place is a dream come true.  And believe me when I say, no one knows seafood better than the East Coast.  If you want real seafood in Vegas, this is the place to come.  I love my blue crabs.Best seafood in Las Vegas, handsdown.
2	Had SUCH high hopes for eating here.. Sad to say, probably won't be coming back. If I'm going to spend 12.00 for crab dip, I want a bowl of it, not some placed on a baguette. My friend and I spent 60.00 for the two of us. Service was less than spectacular. 6.00 for a shock top? I can buy a 6-pack for 8, where's the value in that? Disappointed overall.
5	Southwest is just as delicious as the Eastside location!  Hands down best Crab Cakes I have ever had!  Don't forget to try their Crab Dip! The softness of the baguette makes a huge difference.  Best place to get Fresh Crabs.  Overall best seafood in las vegas!
5	I am a super fan for the Crab Corner Southwest!  I love the indoor / outdoor bar which comes with bartenders who are friendly, personable and know how to make great cocktails.  They have New Castle and Magic Hat on draft which are 2 of my favorite draft beers right now.  I like that they have a Shuffleboard table, Corn Hole and Beer Pong which makes hanging out with my friends all the more fun.  I met the owners (2 brothers) and they are super passionate about everything Maryland and always have a great game playing on the 9 TV's so you are not going to miss anything.  (yes I am a football fan)  They also make sure to get the Freshest Seafood possible (which I love) by having LIVE blue crab flown in daily!  I asked for the secret recipe for the crab dip but there was no way I was going to get it.  :O)Now about my favorite items on the menu.......  I am a huge foodie and love trying different food and immediately fell in love with multiple menu items.  I know blue crab is a little more work but once you get crab picking down the meat is sweet and delicious and worth the little mess that comes with it.  Below are my favorites so far............  LOVE!!BLUE CRABS W/ THE SPICE & DRAWN BUTTERCRAB DIP (SO GOOD)MINI CRAB CAKESHEAD ON SHRIMP WITH THE SPICY SAUCESOFT SHELL SANDWICH IS PERFECT FOR LUNCHBOARDWALK FRIES (I ASK FOR A LITTLE EXTRA CRISP & EAT THEM WITH THE MALT VINEGAR)OYSTERS ON THE HALF SHELL ARE ALWAYS FRESHCLAM STEAMERSPEI MUSSELS***The service will get better as I read in earlier reviews...  People its a new restaurant and new staff, they are going to have to work out the kinks so look beyond those silly reviews and come in and experience what its like to be in Maryland at a traditional crab house!
4	Them lil boogers can get pricey depending on what size and quantity you order.  The flavor is well.... Crab! All the seasoning is on the outside so if you deshell the meat and dip a bit on the outer crab, you get the J.O. Aka ol bay flavas.  Those real crab luvas out there know the sweet treasure that lies inside the main shell!!  Just like shrimp heads n crawfish noggins! Service was ok, but quick. Peel n eat shrimp was the best dish as there was more meat, the crabs are laborious lil suckas for a lil bit o meat... But it's an experience and an indulgence at that.  Overall 4 stars, it just wasn't real satisfying and no Bammmm! But  I would return if craving crab, Monday is AYCE @ $24.99, so may be a good value if you can crack alotta crabs! Typical side order fanfare, there is shuffleboard and bar if u wanna hang out.... Now I can say "I got crabs in Vegas"!!!
4	I was really sad to see Three Tomatoes and a Mozzarella go out of business, but excited to see a new restaurant go in. This is a really great layout, I absolutely love the outside/inside bar and patio area. The restaurant is pretty big inside with lots of TV's (they had the football games on when we were there, most people at the bar were watching). The menu had so much to choose from, we spent more time debating on what to get than your average customer. So the plan was to get a couple things and share. This was our order:Lobster bisque- awesome, prob one of the best I've had, tasted like I was at a strip restaurant. Not too much sherry, and the broth was delish. Crab Cakes- outstanding. About 90% crab (real crab) and not too much breading. Sauce is excellent too. Alaskan Cod and Fried Sea Clams-cod was excellent and I loved you could get a hint of the beer in the batter. Soft Shell Crab-so good! Batter was good, didn't take away from the taste of the crabs. Sides-*Hushpuppies were the best I've had (better than the ones I recently had in North Carolina) Not dry at all and had a good seasoning. *Sweet potato fries (can't really mess those up)*Coleslaw was good but it was a tad warm, needs to be a lot colder. *Potato salad wasn't the best I've had, a little on the plain side. I definitely want to come back and try some of their cocktails and sit outside on their patio. They had an good specialty cocktail list. My only gripe is, I loved the crab cakes, I just think $28 was a bit steep for them.
4	Me and my bf came here from a groupon. It was ok. I would probably come back (when I could afford it again lol). I feel like they have some improving to do, but definitely have potential.
4	I love me some crab and I decided to give Crab Corner a try one Friday afternoon while I was out running errands. I really liked the patio and indoor/outdoor bar setup. Plenty of TVs and tables or booths to add to the environment. The bartender/waiter was friendly and welcoming to myself and the other patrons. I ordered snow crab and cole slaw. The cole slaw was spicy-nice! Crab came out steamed and lightly seasoned. Price is what you would expect for quality product. I would say seafood is not an area where I would nag about high prices.
5	Came here this past Saturday and had a great experience. Although they were 30 minutes from closing, they kindly seated me and a friend. They were an attentive staff without the pushiness. I wouldn't recommend going at that time, only because I know what it feels like to just want to close up early on a weekend, but they impressed me. I got their Mini Crab Cakes, Snow crab legs that were so good - they didn't even need butter, and Black Mussels that had a garlic butter broth that made the bread I dipped into it melt in my mouth. Definitely will be back for their Oysters on the Half Shell and Crab Cake Sandwich.
5	Visiting here.  I'm originally from Maryland and have to admit I have a chip on my shoulder when a place says "Maryland " crabs.  Trouble is I went there for crabs but they had a lobster special that I couldn't pass up.  They were cooked perfectly, the coleslaw was great, as well as the potato salad.  Guess I'll have to go back next Monday when they have all you can eat crabs.  I'm not easy to please when it comes to seafood, but this place does it.  Great service too.  AJ was our waiter and he was top notch.
5	I've eaten at the Eastside location before and this southwest location is just as Amazing, Fun and DELICIOUS.  I recommend the Crabby Bloody Mary (the BEST Bloody Mary in town), the Bacon Wrapped Scallops (an amazing surprise wrapped in bacon...can't beat that) and the Sample Platter...those are my favorite!!!  The ambiance just adds to everything.  Monday Night Football watching just found a new home.  A great hangout with games, yumminess and a fun environment!  Definitely my GO TO place in Vegas ANY DAY, ANY TIME!
5	What's not to love?  Amazing fresh crab, ridiculous drink specials, efficient/fun layout, and some of the most hospitable servers and bartenders in LV.  Crab Corner SW hits on all elements.  Getting crabs in Vegas has never been so satisfying!
1	First they auto grat for 18% with a party of 5, 2 being children. They service was worth nothing. Would have totally given more but your service needs improvement and let me decide what your hospitality is worth.
3	1) service was not very good. Did not recommend what to get for a first timer.2) not a lot of meat on the crabs.3) good environment to get crackin.4) oysters were amazing!5) overall I would say it was ok. The oysters were definitely the best!
2	I was really excited to see a seafood spot come in around the corner from my house but I was highly disappointed with Crab Corner. To start, they took our name on the back of a recites and seemed really disorganized. There were plenty of empty tables but lots of people waiting. After 20 minutes, which truly isn't bad on a Friday night, we got seated. Our waiter took our order quickly, we got the crab cakes, peeled shrimp and blue crab. The crab cakes were tiny, peeled shrimp was good, and the crab had very little meat for the $$$. Let's just say, we walked to Roberto's and each got 3rolled tacos to fill us up.
5	Visit this place for the 1st time.  Once I walked in I notice the "GRADE" of the place, sure enough it was an "A".  At this point I knew I was safe!  Customer Service was awesome and polite.  The food was great and flavored nicely.  I recommend this place to anyone that visit or the locals of Vegas to try it out.
5	Stopped in to watch Monday Night Football and enjoy all you can eat crab. The crab dip was fantastic and instantly adds to my favorite dish rolodex. The staff was on top of their game and our server, David, was great. Will definitely come back.
4	Not bad of a place. Cool staff that make feel very welcomed . Crab cakes are to die for. I'm coming Back for sure!!
5	Delicious crab, crab cakes, and Maryland crab soup.  Excellent boardwalk fries and hush puppies.  Personal and funny service.  Will become a regular!
4	Decided to come to this location finally! Some of the usual faces that I normally see at the original location like David, Richard, and AJ. There always pleasent people to see! Don't worry they flip back and forth between both locations so you'll see them somewhere! =]The location is pretty nice, just northwest of the I-215 on Rainbow, pretty convenient to get to and it's a lot larger than the original location that's on Flamingo and Eastern. They have booths, half booths, tables, outdoor stuff, and a bar!! $2 Tuesdays plus happy hour? That's always a plus walking in during happy hour! You know I'm happy ;) I always enjoy getting a couple of crabs usually around four crabs plus a side, which leaves enough room to go down the street for some dessert! For a $2 Tuesday and happy hour, it wasn't busy at all! Maybe I'll be frequenting this location a little more and see, but there's usually a wait if you get to the Flamingo/Eastern location around dinner time, but this one had zero wait time! :D
3	First time dining at this place. Service was so-so.  However, the  crab cakes and the cream of crab soup was amazing! The shrimp was a little salty. The hush puppies wasn't that great.  Overall, not a bad spot to dine in and watch the game.
1	This is probably one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant in awhile. It's expensive, the fried oyster sandwich I ordered wasn't all that great and came on a very small bun, like one of those cheapo hamburger buns you'd get from the grocery store, and the service was by far some of the worst service I've ever received. Our waitress was scatter-brained, seemed uninterested to be working, and I caught her standing in the corner texting on her phone several times. She was excruciating slow and there weren't even a lot of other patrons there. If they were busy and the service was slow, I would understand. But there was no reason for the crappy slow service we received. She never came to ask us for refills on our drinks and we had to wait another 10 minutes for her to finally get around to taking our bill and running our credit card. She was unfriendly and it was just very obvious she didn't give a crap. I almost never leave bad tips because I understand servers receive most of their pay from tips, but I left a very small tip because she honestly didn't deserve a good one.I may be willing to give this place another shot, maybe order something else from the menu. But if that girl is our server again, I'm turning around and walking straight back out the door.
4	Great for Charm City fans! The wings were great..add some Old Bay! There was a dude across the way enjoying some crabs. Service was kinda slow, if you're a drinker I suggest getting a pitcher unless seated at the bar. Full of life and a friendly atmosphere with multiple flat screens to enjoy the game!
5	I read these reviews about crab corner being expensive. Wrong! Got 14 med for $25. ( after tax) If you can find great fresh sweet blue crabs for under $1.78 let me know! Crab corner I heart you!
4	Crabby Mary, mini crab cakes, bacon wrapped scallops, oysters and female blue crab.  I'm in heaven!I've been craving crab for quite sometime, and what better place then Crab Corner.  I think it's great that they are on this side of town.  This place is bigger and better then the one on eastern.  They have a full bar and televisions to catch the games.  Perfect for when they do happy hour specials.  That's everyday!If you check out my tip, you will see the happy hour times.  Service here is fast and friendly.  I really like the added menu.  I come here for the blue crab and their crab cakes.  But with so many things added,  I might just venture off.  Delish, check them out!
5	I am truly head over heels in love with Crab Corner!! Seafood is my absolute favorite food and I've found it hard to find an affordable, chill, seafood restaurant in Vegas. Until now!! I've been here twice so far the first time just a quick bite raw oysters and the lobster bisque. So good! The next time we all went as a group my parents, my daughters, my hubby and I. We all decided to try out the blue crabs and raw oysters. So amazingly tasty!! The server let us know what the deal of the day was and he was even nice enough to go into detail and show us how to eat them! They are messy but worth every sweet and savory bite! Definitely try Crab Corner you won't be disappointed!
4	I am so happy that Crab Corner FINALLY has opened another location on my side of town! And the establishment is even BETTER! (Sorry Flamingo/Eastern location) It is well located near the 215/Rainbow. And they have all the specials like the original Crab Corner. If you have been serviced at the Flamingo/Eastern location... then you know what to expect in regards to service since half the staff works at this location too. They have flat screens to watch your favorite sports... and they have a very nice outdoor seating area set up too. As for food, just as good as the original! (if you look at my review for the Crab Corner @ Flamingo/Eastern) Again... very very happy that the second location is now in my neighborhood.
2	I love eating snow crab, king crab, dungeness crab, lobster and almost anything that lives under the water. Personally I could not stomach the blue crab they served. It might be a case of needing to be familiar with it or it might have been their preparation all i know is it's not for me. After trying some of the blue crab I asked for their snow crab which all I can say is Yawn... I personally see no reason to go back..
2	Have heard a lot of good things about this place and noticed this location on our way out of town. We decided we would stop here on our way back in last night, which we did. We figured it would have been a nice unwind. Enjoy some delicious sea food, have a cold beer and try out someplace new.When we arrived they had a live band inside and the music was way to loud, I requested a table as far away as possible because I did not want that to ruin the evening. Even being in the back of the place I could hardly have a conversation without speaking much to loud just to communicate. It was rather annoying. The band was decent but no reason for that type of volume in such a small place.Our server was very nice, respectful and answered all of our questions without issue, I believe his name was Jim. We ordered black muscles, crab legs, cream of crab soup, lobster bisque, and crab cakes. It was all ok, but nothing special or even close to raving about, which confuses me about all these previous reviews. I am assuming they have been limited on their seafood intake as far as quality, or we just had the unfortunate night of a new cook. I would call this place a mini Joes Crab shack.The person I ate with ended up not feeling good around the time we left. We all shared the same thing except the lobster bisque, she spent the remainder of her night with food poisoning and all the lovely symptoms it comes with as we got home.We tried it, wont be back.
2	To be fair I am originally from Maryland so my standards for a place that claims to have Maryland style seafood might be high but it also meant I was super stoked to try this place out. We had a group on deal that was purchased for $15 for 25$ worth of food. Upon arrival we were seated by a hostess who took our drink orders. The server "Richard" came up to take our order with a smile but using his iphone. I was having dinner with my Mother and two children aged 7 and 4 . Since  the restaurant only has two items on their kids menu - Fried Shrimp or Chicken strips I was forced to get my 7 year old a adult entree of spice and peel  shrimp which turned out to be my favorite thing in the whole place. My Mother got a order of Boardwalk fries and the Annapolis Crab Dip (Sliced toasted baguette covered with rich cream cheese & crab meat) yes it was a appetizer but she ordered it as her entree and they brought it out FIRST which is a personal pet peeve of mine but hey at least they didn't let it get cold right?  The dip appeared to have tons of crab in it but it was majorly lacking flavor and the Baguettes were very chewy and not anything I would order again especially for the price . We were pleased it didn't have a artificial crab flavor. Since our server was no where to be found we weren't able to locate the Old Bay till the end our meal but it helped with the flavor a bit. I ordered the Pick 2 Combo Entree  which they have a decent number of options to pick from I went with Fried Oysters (My personal Fav anywhere that serves them) and Fried Clams which comes with two sides (I went with hush puppies and potato salad) for 12.99. I thought it was a pretty good deal $ wise. My Oysters were really good but my clams were way over cooked same with the hush puppies. When the host lady brought my food I didn't notice until I went to ask for Tartar sauce that my potato salad was missing and this is why my rating ended up being a 2 instead of a  3. I advised her that my potato salad must of been forgotten and that we were still waiting on the fries instead of a let me check on where those are or a sorry she said and I quote " No Maam it just wasn't ready yet so it didn't get brought out"  so to me that was just really rude because I have been many places and they do not prepare potato salad made to order it's essentially just a scoop which I did eventually get . She didn't bring my tartar sauce and when I finally flagged down our server "Richard" he did say sorry and that he would get my potato salad and check on my Moms fries. Guess what? he brought my potato salad but didn't bring my tartar sauce which was what I wanted all along so by the time I was able to eat my yummy oysters they were cold and I was already annoyed. The boardwalk fries did finally come out once we were almost done with our whole meal but Richard was kind enough to try to rectify my upset by comping us for the fries which turned out to be somewhat of a saving grace but I still wouldn't go back to this place again. The service needs improvement and for the price the food just doesn't outweigh the slow turnover and mediocre job on the items. The peel and eat shrimp really was delicious though and if you are dying for a place where you can pick your own crab and enjoy some spicy shrimp its worth checking out but I can't say I will be back.
1	Absolutely horrible service!  Visited on a Thursday night.  Server had no idea of their happy hour specials.  She was the only person (it seemed) to be working the floor.  She was cleaning tables in between bringing food orders out.  Waited and waited for her to come overto take our order.  Finally decided to leave after waiting over 15 minutes for her.  I felt like I was on one of those "reality tv shows"... We dine out a lot....and this was one of the most horrible places I've ever visited. Had a bad fishy smell too.   Would give zero stars if I could.  Don't waist your time.  UGH!
4	Went with the living social $13 for $25 deal.  Ordered Calamari, a pound of little neck clams, and boardwalk fries.  Plentiful serving of calamari lightly breaded and complete with two sides of marinara.  The clams came in a bowl with bread service.  The sauce was garlic butter and made the clams delicious!  No need for extra dipping butter with these lil guys.  The fries were also fresh cut style and very good with the table side malt vinegar.  Table also has hot sauce and the crab seasoning.  Happy hour 2-6 daily with $3 well, draft, wine.  Great job by our server keeping the iced tea flowing as well.  Only downer was the temperature in the dining area.....frosty!
4	Loyal Hot-n-Juicy fans might be biased about this place but we certainly enjoyed the different taste and flavor at Crab Corner. I prefer some spicy-hotness but when it comes to crab, I found I like to taste the crab meat more to itself than too much added flavor. They offer different order options but your bill overall maybe a bit higher than "other" place.
4	Me lovin some real home town crabs lately! Went here for the first time 2 Saturdays ago bout 3 pm with my bff's for the happy hour yummy skipjack oysters for a mere $1.... Best I've had since living in Annapolis! And unbelievable bar selections for $3! My tummy jumped for joy when the blue crabs touched my tongue! Perfectly steamed with delicious J.o seasoning. My server Jim was courteous and freakin' hilarious , not to mention cute too!!!. The mgr- host Brian was also from maryland talked to us professionally brought out some live ones to show us and taught my newbie girls how to crack em' faster than emeril!  Wow! After din we played shuffleboard & the bartender Sam showed how to play the real way and brought us over some of the best signature drinks on and off the menu and was a complete sweetheart! Sam even tuned into the game we wanted on.... Place overall made me so happy and homesick all at once....                                                                 Now for why the 4 stars and not 5.... Went back this last sat with my girlies again and half the place was reserved for a sip and paint event :( looked like fun unless u wanted to eat... Got there at 5 and they were setting up. Our server Jim was gone ( another :(   ) Brian was moving tables came  over apologized profusely ( he was soooo sweet!) and asked the night server to get us in ASAP! Night server...... Ugh!!!! Asian guy that barely spoke to us ( wearing a shirt with transformers or something... Don't remember them being from maryland.... Wtf???) led us to some tables by bar threw down some menus and left.... Luckily Sam was there again but switching to night shift  :( ... Served us a round ( awesome drinks and perfect service again !) had another round with clay who was sooo funny and helpful but told us no blue crabs because of weather :( guy who seated us could've given a heads up??? Anyway finished the round and just left... Will of course b back for more blues just make sure u call first to see if there's crabs available and no special events... Love u anyway crab corner.... Home sweet home!
5	There are only 3 things I order here, and I love them. Blue crabs, happy hour oysters, and happy hour beer. I don't mess with anything else. You'll notice that most of the 2-star Yelp reviews are from people who don't eat blue crabs. Blue crabs are what Crab Corner does best. I understand picking crabs isn't for everyone, but this is one of those places where you have to know what to order.I'm a fan. But it's a real time consuming meal - figure about 8-10mins per crab. Don't miss $2 crab Tuesdays (regular size) and $3 crab Thursdays (large size). I've never done the all-you-can-eat Mondays ($24.99) there, because that could be big trouble timewise and healthwise. Picking crabs is hard on your fingertips, and I usually eat 7 or 8 in one sitting. I'm not full after 7 or 8 crabs, but at that point I do feel like taking a shower after that much cracking, splatting and sucking. Feeling rich? Get the jumbo size - a lot easier to pick and a lot more meat.The $1 happy hour oysters from 2pm-6pm are usually a large variety like Chesapeake or Fannie Mae. Very tasty and a great deal. Draft beers are $3 during happy hour.It could literally take you 2+ hours to eat here, picking and grinning the entire time. My best suggestion is to order at most 3 crabs per person at a time, so they stay hot. When starting on your last crab, put another order in.
5	Love this place!!... Stop here for the happy hour to get the best oysters and $3 drinks. My faves are the yummy crab cakes & steamers... Soooo delish! Sat at bar with Sam who is my new favorite bartender :) Mmmmm drinks were the best ! Sam makes the best cucumber specialty drink!! Be back again & again & again!
5	I sat at the bar and had great service and a good quality meal. The bartenders, Sam and Bryan, were very friendly and informative. I'm a newbie to Maryland style seafood so I had to ask Sam how to eat the Maryland Blue Crab. Even though it was my first one I could tell it was fresh and of good quality. Sam suggested the $1 happy hour oysters. I'm glad he did because they were delicious. Fresh and buttery. Their crab cakes are some of the best I've had. They're mostly crab meat. Hardly any breading. Lightly broiled and delicious.This place is definitely worth a try. If your looking to watch a game the bar area has plenty of flat screens and good sound. You can either belly up to the bar, or sit at a table and watch a game. The bar is half inside and half outside on the patio. When the weather warms up the patio bar seating will be a great spot to eat, drink, and watch a game.
2	THEE worst service EVER! Went last night for the Valentine's Day Special and we will never return to this location again. Called in advance to see if they took reservations and was told "no just come in." Bad idea! The wait was 20mins even though they weren't busy half the restaurant was empty. Not only that, people are walking in with reservations! Once we were seated at a table with no serving ware we waited 17 mins for someone to take our drink order. Then the waiter comes and asks "what are we eating?" No introduction. No specials were told. Hell to this day I don't even know his name because he failed to tell us! Our order arrived in a timely manner although we didn't have anything to eat it with (still no serving ware) My water was now empty and I'm parched so we order the bottle of champagne. Wrong! Champagne served in wine glasses and there wasn't a chiller provided so the bottle sweats on the table and we're drinking warm champagne. Smh. For some odd reason an order of white rice came out with our meal and it didn't belong to us. It sat as we began to eat and the waiter returns with a bashful smile and says "Uhhhh yeaaaaaa this isn't yourssss" then proceeds to do a slow motion James Brown slide as he takes it to the correct table. Yes, he took it to the table as if it were a fresh bowl prepared for them. It's a shame that the food is great but due to the service I'll visit a different location and tell my friends to do the same.
1	The food is not worth the money you pay for it. Was not fresh seafood at all!
3	I have been interested in trying Crab Corner for ages now, but finally got a chance last night to dine there with a friend.The restaurant hasn't changed much since it was Three Tomatoes and a Mozzarella. Interior is pretty similar, but still nice. They had a band performing which was a nice touch. They weren't overly loud or distracting which we were concerned about at first.I had really intended on ordering crab, but got derailed and instead ordered the two item combo with fried shrimp and oysters. I should have stuck to my first inclination. Although my food was ok, the fresh seafood options looked so much yummier and I stared enviously at other diner's meals. I tried a bite of my friend's crab cakes and they were delicious. I'd come back for those as well as during their happy hour for some blue crab or oysters.Service was a little slow and we had to remind our server for refills and to bring our check, but for the most part I enjoyed our meal here and look forward to trying them again soon.
2	Ehhh wasn't impressed.The restaurant had caught my eye a few times before but never really went in to try it until tonight only because my sister had a groupon she didn't want to use.The restaurant wasn't too crowded tonight but there were enough dining in on a Friday night.We ordered the crab cake sandwich, soft shell crab sandwich, and a side of fries. (Don't sandwiches usually come with fries??) The price was a bit steep for food that wasn't impressive. I didn't want to order any seafood that I would much rather go to hot n juicy for or boiling crab for fear that I would be disappointed. I'm sure glad we didn't. Sandwiches were mediocre at best. The servers tonight were in their own little world. Some were working, others were socializing with the customers or on their phone.. Big turnoff!Verdict - we won't be coming back and unfortunately if one were to crave seafood I say you're better off at boiling crab or hot n juicy.
2	We went here because some friends/family suggested that it was good. The place is located near the 215 and has easy access. We went around 5pm on a Friday night and it was easy to get a table still. The place is relatively loud however so don't expect to have any easy conversations. First off, the food is good but nothing to write home about. There wasn't really anything that we didn't like but we've been to steakhouses or non seafood restaurants that had better fish. I got the soft shell crab sandwich which doesn't come with any side so I ordered onion rings, and my wife got the King crab legs and a $3 happy hour beer. We shared a crab cake platter which comes with two very small sides. All of this came out to $75 with tax which in our opinion was far overpriced. The real disappointing part of this place is the service. We did get seated quickly but then we didn't really see our waiter the whole time. He and and took our order and then just disappeared. Also, they delivered people's food to the table uneven leaving some eating and some still waiting for the I food for quite awhile. When we finally got our checks, the wrong items were on our checks and it took forever to get someone over to take the checks. Long story short, we won't be returning.
4	I was really a fan of the Crab Corner location on the East side, so I was super excited that they opened a place on my side of town! It is a little difficult to get to from the 215, but it is a gorgeous place. Full bar, all of the MD/Baltimore items,  flat screen tvs, and much larger. They also seem to offer more specials- lunch, happy hour, etc.I just ordered takeout- a crab cake sandwich and an order of Boardwalk fries. I did think that it was a little pricey ($20), but the sandwich was delicious. It would probably benefit from mayo or some kind of sauce on it, but the crab cake was full of meat, nicely seasoned, and the bread was tasty too. The fries were just fine, nothing really to write home about. Hopefully I'll be able to return soon for a full meal here!
5	David is the best! We come here every Tuesday for $2 crab. Best service and fantastic food
3	This review is not meant to pan Crab Corner, but help it a bit. The food is good for the Eastern Ave. location that is more reminiscent of Eastern Ave. in Essex, but with the new location that is a bit more like Cockeysville or Reisterstown. A better location with hopefully better food. This review is also the culmination of about 10 visits over a few months. First of all the crabs are good. It's great to have a bit of home in Vegas but your staple can't carry the entire business. Let's look at some of the other food. The crab dip is horrendous in style and presentation. It's small French bread slices with the crab dip on the toasted bread. It needs to be a hot creamy bowl that the warm French bread is dipped into presented on a seperate basket on the side...that's how it's been every time I've ordered it in Bal'mer. Every time I order it I feel a bit cheated. I don't always have time to order the crabs and when taking a client there for lunch have to order off the limited menu. I end up with the shrimp salad sandwich because it's quick and easy. However, every time I order it's described as 'large spiced shrimp' and I always get it and feel cheated yet again. They are quite small and not up to normal Baltimore restaurant size (or at least what I'm use to from Little Lou's). They could be a bit bigger and offer a choice of buns like a roll since small shrimp are hard to eat on a sandwich roll in an earth-like gravity. The steamer sampler is good, however the crabs are female (I NEVER eat females as they decrease the population) and feel it should be mentioned on the menu before ordering. I would like to see a choice of sauces like Bertha's. You can be Bal'mer style without directly copying. OK, with the menu choices are kinda lax. I would like to see burgers and local favorites like crab burger or hot & Bleu burger.I know you can't get Boh, but would like to see more local Beers like Dogfish Head IPA. It's a crab staple in MD and readily available here. I hope to see Crab Corner improve as it grows.
3	Food wasn't bad. But our server was never around. While turning into the lot we saw our soon to be server outside taking a smoke break. He had more smoke breaks then we had water refills for the table. I hate when they charge gratuity when you have super shit service. They dropped the check off then didn't come back for another 15 mins. And bro wash your hands if you come in fron outside. I hope the health department dinks your ass. Just cause we had a party of 7 with 3 kids dont ignore us. This town is full of industry people and you would have gotten more than you stupid 18% if you paid attention to the needs of your guests.
3	I heard about their $1 oyster special on Sundays so came here to check it out. The oysters were decent sized and tasty. Came with the typical lemon, horse radish and cocktail sauce. They weren't the best but for $1 each... Totally worth it. For my entree, I had the crab cake sandwich. The food took a while to come out but when it finally did, I must say... I was pretty impressed. The crab cake was huge! It was a little bland but nothing a touch of ketchup and ranch can't fix. My mom got the soft shell crab sandwich. The crab on hers was huge too! She had to rip off the arms so that she could get a grip on the sandwich. We also ordered a side of French fries but they ran out so have us boardwalk fries (at no extra charge) instead. I would have preferred the regular fries because the boardwalk was too salty for me. Oh well. The restaurant is very open. Staff... Super friendly and welcoming. The one thing that really bugged me was the fact that the waiters take the orders on their cell phones. At first, I thought our waiter was in the middle of a text message, or tweet, or what have you... While taking our appetizer order. I was a little offended and felt very uncomfortable. When she came back to take our entree order, she bent down a little and that's when I realized she was punching in our order on her phone! I get that technology is the way to go nowadays but c'mon! It was such an awkward situation. My mom thought she was being extremely rude so I had to explain to her that she was just doing her job. I hope management realizes this and changes the way they take orders because if I had not seen her screen, I would have never known! Crab corner definitely has the potential for improvement. I'm gonna be coming here again sometime in the future and I would love to give them more stars. But for now, I'm sticking with a 3.
5	Today is my first time here and the food is delicious. They have the best oysters and crab cakes!
4	Excellent crab cakes .. not that familiar with Maryland style crab and unfortunately already sold out of blue crab today, so snow crab was the choice ..very sweet and tasty with simple butter dip.  Really like the Virginia oysters on the half shell .. overall really good food, definitely will be back
1	Worst place ever! Out of everything, service terrible and slow. Better off going to the boiling crab or hot and juicyDO NOT VISIT THIS PLACE
1	Was so excited to try this place...then I arrive. It smelled a little too fishy for my taste, not horrible, so we decide to give it a chance. Then comes the waiter...he was texting the whole time he was taking our drink order!!! Really!?!? That was too much for me. We got up and left without even trying what they had to offer. What a shame, I was really looking forward to eating here.
5	I always visit this place on my yearly Vegas trips. The service is impeccable and the seafood is as good as it gets. The crab cake is one of the best 'I've had with great flavor an large lumps of crabs with little filler. I also got the Alaskan crab legs on this visit and they were some of the best  I have had hands down.  The bar area is a great set up as the back opens up with a view of the patio which is great on a nice day. I actually hit this establishment twice on my visit since I enjoyed it so much the first day I arrived. Its not too far of the strip with 5 star food for reasonable prices.
1	Fuck. This. Place.I bought two Amazon Local gift certificates to use here. The first visit, we weren't brought any silverware or condiments. After five minutes of our food sitting getting cold, I had to walk up to the server station and fetch them myself. No one refilled our drinks the entire time. The signature crab stew was bitter and nasty. The steamed blue crabs are a ridiculous ripoff. What little meat they contain sticks to the shell and shreds apart making it maddeningly impossible to eat.After that lovely meal, we still had another gift certificate so we gave them another chance. This time we were looking to sample the crab cakes. After not being greeted by the hostess and having to initiate contact, we finally were seated. And there we sat, ignored, for 35 minutes before the jackass waiter approached our table. With no eye contact, the first words out of his mouth were, "So you ready?" We stood up and walked out.
5	Fabulous food. Great service. The prices are reasonable. I had the lobster roll. Best one I  ever had. The boys had both of the Steamer Samplers. Lots of food. We brought one of our grandchildren who never ate seafood before. She tried everything & loved it. We shall return!
2	Went back again to give this place one more chance on a Friday night during Lent.  I shouldn't have.  And, I should have known, because the place was almost empty on a Friday night, during Lent.  I ordered the same dish as before; cod was still bad.  It didn't end there though... I was given marinara sauce instead of cocktail sauce for my shrimp, and half of my hush puppies were straight up RAW inside.  Once again, I left disappointed, and will not be back again.  It's a shame, because we need a good fish restaurant on this side of town.  Sadly, this isn't it.  Still two stars though for their awesome potato salad (it's now really the only thing I can count on there), and so-so service.  Not good, but not horrible either.  I'm wondering if it's worth trying the original location that I fell in love with, but not sure it's worth the risk for the price.
4	Feeling crabby (literally) I went to the Crab Corner with all intention of being disappointed.  When my order of mini crab cakes arrived, I was pleasantly surprised they were full of flaky, sweet blue crab.  Very tasty without much in the way of added flavorings to take away from the crab.  That led me to try the combo fried clams and catfish plate with hush puppies.  The clams were thick and sweet but the catfish a bit dry.  The blue crab soup that came with it was delicious.Can't wait to go back.
5	Great service the bar tender is so good at remembering your name and attentive!  Crab cakes were just like home - Maryland but could be a little spicier.  Will definitely be coming back.
4	I've been to the other Crab Corner location, and enjoyed the food a lot.This past Friday night was the fist night of Karate Karaoke at Crab Corner, so I was SUPER excited to come out.  I used to go to 3 Tomatoes all the time on the weekends, so it was exciting to be back.The exterior hasn't changed at all.  The interior really hasn't either, except now they have a huge tank with live blue crab, and they've painted a little...Now, onto the food.Ever since my last experience at Crab Corner, I've wanted to try the crab cakes.  My fella isn't big on crab cakes, but agreed to get the appetizer (4 minis) to try.  When they came out, I was concerned.  They are TINY...and really expensive.  But after one bite, let me tell you, they were 100% worth the money.There is SO MUCH CRAB MEAT IN THESE TINY BITES OF AWESOME!  This is going to be a regular item for me, I can tell.  SO delicious. We also had the cod, and the clams with hush puppies and fries:  Everything was delicious!  Drinks were pretty decent...they had a $3 mystery shot, and $3 well whiskey....PBR was $4 at the beginning of the night, but I think it went down to $3 after karaoke started. Service was pretty good.  The bartender seemed a little abrasive at the beginning of the night, but she warmed up to us, and ended up being pretty darned cool.  Karaoke was incredible, as usual.  The host was fun, and it was great to be singing on the patio again!I can't wait to come back again.  Karaoke was shut down early this week, but from what I understand its supposed to be 10-2 this Friday night.
5	If you want great seafood and incredible service, with cold yummy beers, this is your spot. Sam the bartender is amazing and the place will have you coming back for more!
5	I really enjoyed this place . They have amazing seafood and and great drinks to enjoy with your friends I highly recommend this place .
2	Great crab cakes, decent lobster sandwich, not-so-good service. We used a GroupOn when we tried this place, and you could almost sense that our server stopped giving a crap about us once we mentioned it. He assumed we would be cheap and treated us like it. Walked by numerous times without asking us how the food was or if we needed anything. had to ask a different server to bring the extra condiments we requested when our server dropped off our food. Not sure if our server was having a bad day, but he just was not friendly. As for the food, we Really enjoyed the crab cakes. the bacon-wrapped skewers were pretty good too. The lobster sandwich/roll was a bit of a disappointment. small and not very tasty--just ok. Overall, we might give this place another shot eventually, but this place has a lot to work on if they want to be legitimate contenders with Hot n Juicy and Boiling Crab.
2	So you know when you hear those excessive ads on the radio it'll get to you sooner or later. My roommate and I ventured here and we were clearly in Ravens territory. It's a casual joint with TVs and a bar that opens out to the patio as well. I'm a seafood lover and was really excited to try everything. We started with 2 dozen happy hour oysters priced at $1 a piece. That was refreshing. Then we ordered bacon wrapped scallops in which you can't go wrong with that. Their crabs and clams were just "ok" maybe because it's not in season. The size of the seafood items were rather small. However, their crab cakes were decent. Overall, we weren't impressed with the food. Food quality price ratio is definitely not great our bill came close to $90.
3	Good tasting food   , great location just off the 215 and S rainbow .One issue I fail to understand is the service , its Friday evening and there are only two waiters making the service really slow.overall its clean and food decent with decent prices.
5	Best crab i've had in a while!!! thanks for the great times too!!
5	We're from out of town and got stranded around this area and I'm soooo glad we did! This place is delicious:) the $1 happy hr oysters were decent and the food was great. Definitely coming back here when I'm in town. Ohh p.s our server  Richard was super cool and laid back made us feel welcomed...thank you!!
5	I loved this place!  I want to marry my server  Jarred so I can live happily ever after eating cream of crab soup, soft shell crabs, peel and eat shrimp, & corn on the cob every night!
4	Service was great, food is good and prices are fair. Happy hour specials are great as well.
5	Love love love this place. My man and I have been regulars here now for about 2 months. The only reason we came is because after getting back from San Diego we were on a mission to find good oysters out here. Crab corner delivered. To top it off during happy hour they are only a dollar! :D we rarely stray from our regular order which is oysters, lobster bisque, peel and eat shrimp and sometimes hush puppies. Everything is ALWAYS delicious and fresh. The only down fall is I am not a huge fan of their beer selection and one of the new bar tenders is a little wierd. Other than that no complaints. And we will always be back: D
5	Dined for lunch here a few days ago.  Appetizer:   Mini crab cakes.  Delicious (once I added Old Bay seasoning). Entree:   Combo platter of fried shrimp & cod.  They were just ok.Sides:   Onion rings ...   Just OK             Potato Salad  ....   DELICIOUS, the                                    best ever. Will go back just for the              potato salad. Will try the crabs next time !!! (With a big bowl of potato salad). Can you tell that I luv potato salad !!
1	The effin service sucks!! All 3 servers were rude, never smiled and when I would ask for something they would just walk away.. I would never come back to this place.. Crab is so salty n what I said b4 SERVICE SUCKS!!!!
4	Good was excellent. No grease and not oily made the meal enjoyable w/o a mess. Serves was good and a good feel environment I'm definitely going back for more
2	Service here was a total nightmare.  I'm pretty sure management is comprised of a herd of cats because everything was chaos.Although I was seated at a table, and had food brought to me, I still have no idea who my server was.  There was a guy with an iPhone that took our order...but mysteriously disappeared.  Then the bartender ended up taking our order after we had to ask for our order to be taken.  Just, service misery. Keep dreamin' if you want water refilled.  The whole meal was spent tracking down employees to perform basic tasks. Food was okay (blue crab, lobster roll, nothing special) and the restaurant was clean -- the only things saving this place from 1 star.  Not worth it, however, to endure round 2 of this service mess.
1	I heard about this place on the radio so my bf and I decided to try it out. We were really dissappointed with the appearance but thought maybe the food would be good. I was wrong. Calamari was overcooked and mostly breading, the crab didnt taste too good, and we didnt want to try anything past that. Some beers n wings added and it came out pretty expensive for bad food. Wont come here anymore
4	Let me start off by talking about the whole "the server was on his phone the whole time he was taking our order!" comment in one of the reviews a women left. If you didn't already know, their cell phones have an operating program that's connected to their computers & printers; therefore, instead of writing it down they use their phones & once they hit send it goes straight to the kitchen's printer. Not quite sure if this technique is really professional or even more efficient than the old fashion way, but I guess that's just how they do things here & I have no problem with that.Let's move on, the food I absolutely love! I am a seafood fanatic & this place is one of my favorite places to go. They give you good portions especially for their snow crab legs. The only problem I have is that they charge an outrageous amount for a half a pound of shrimp. I think it was either $8.99 or $9.99. Personally I can go somewhere else for cheaper shrimp that tastes the same, but I still sometimes come here anyway.Apparently the service is hit or miss, but I never have bad service when I go there. But they are right about one thing, water refills..
2	Bottom line on this recent visit: the crabs are great; the service.....not so much. We were served by a waiter named Kyle. After he brought us our drinks, he then took our order of 8 blue crabs (Tuesday's special at $2/crab) and an order of black mussels. We waited for about 10 minutes until the crabs arrived, however there was no sign of the black mussels nor did Kyle tell us that the mussels would be coming up shortly. That's fine we thought. We figured the mussels would arrive soon. 15 minutes into our enjoyment of the crabs, we realized that our order of mussels had yet to arrive. Ok, we'll just ask Kyle about the order of mussels when he checks up on us or when he returns to refill our drinks. Turns out that would never happen. Not once did Kyle check up on us or refill our drinks until well afterward as we were finishing up our meal. One of the other servers (his name was David, I believe, and he appeared to be a senior member of the staff) took it upon himself to refill our drinks and ask us if we needed more crabs. If it weren't for David, we would still be waiting there to have our drinks refilled and our second order of crabs taken. Prior and after David approaching us, we would notice Kyle walk by and glance at our table several times during our meal. Not once did he ask us if the meal was to our liking nor did he refill our drinks. It seems that he didn't notice our drinks (or lack there of) or that he just couldn't be bothered to refill them. We were not about to ask to have our drinks refilled nor ask about our missing order of mussels because we as paying customers feel that we SHOULD NOT HAVE TO. The server should be looking after the customer frequently and making sure that every need is met without having to be flagged down or asked. Only at the very end of our meal did Kyle finally approach us and ask us if we needed anything else. By that point I didn't even mention the order of mussels that we never received and just asked for refills of our water. I would only mention the missing order of mussels if they showed up on our bill (it did not, which is another issue entirely). We've been here several times before and have usually had good service. This was not one of those times.
1	Interesting that the highest recent review seems to rave about the potato salad, but not the crab or seafood. Stopped by here for dinner before dropping a friend off at the airport and then heading back to LA. Don't think I will be returning. Food is mediocre, soup was luke warm, everything we ordered (appetizers and entrees) all came out at the same time. Is it just me, but shouldn't  your entree come out after you have finished an appetizer?  I think management needs to get more involved. As I was leaving, I saw a 24/7 taco joint across the parking lot. I started wishing I had gone there instead.
4	I visited the Crab Corner last weekend with a large group in the early afternoon. It took maybe about 10 minutes for the gentleman to get tables set up for us but overall the service was courteous. The only complaint that I have is that it seemed like they were a little understaffed, which increased the time it took for us to get our food and drinks. As for the food, it was pretty good. I ordered a two entree combo (catfish and battered shrimp with fries). Everything tasted great and was not over-battered or greasy like other fried fish places.I would come back to this place again the next time I'm in Vegas, but maybe later in the evening when there are more employees working.
2	You know those seafood places, that smell like seafood, but not in the good way?  This seems to be one of those places from my first visit here. The first impression this place left on me was...well,  that fishy smell, not off to a good start....... Myself and a few co-workers stopped here for lunch. As it is a relatively new location that did not open too long ago. I figured they would have their best foot forward.  Sure hope that was not the case. Cant remember the name of the server, we only saw him 3 times during the whole visit. 1) bring water and take order 2) drop off food 3) drop off check.  Now let me clarify, I do not expect to be served like a king, I am not a nose up type of person. However, when we had to ask for a re-fill on drinks from a different server that happened to be walking by, then I started to question the service.This brings me to the food. Part of the drink re-fill debacle was due to the fact that all of the food we ordered was overly salty. We were all parched and need large amounts of water to wash down the food. The fried soft shell crab was not very impressive, scrawny little guys, 90% shell/breading, 5% meat, 5% grease/salt. The fries were not bad but they were nothing to write home about either. The potato salad was pretty good. I will probably give this place another shot as every place has its off days. Im just hoping that this was an off day and not the standard at Crab Corner.
3	Good shrimp. So so ambiance, good service. The rest of the food was a bit disappointing.
3	The fried seafood is good, but a bit overpriced. I could get something almost as good at Long John Silvers for alot less. Overall, it was ok. Nothing to write home about.
3	service was good.Food was just ok. They oysters are good deal for happy hour. The board walk fries didn't really wow me. Crabs were good.
5	Wow, great food, love this place, and great service too!
5	We loved crab corner.  There were 4 adults and 2 kids with our party.  We ordered two large sampler platters and a coupe appetizers- mini crab cakes and calamari.  We ate family style and there was plenty to go around.  They covered the table with brown paper and gave us all bibs and wooden mallets.  Seafood is super fresh and tastes wonderful.  Staff is very knowledgeable about the menu.  Highly recommend trying this off strip restaurant if you live in Vegas or are just visiting.
5	This is the One and Only place in Vegas for authentic Maryland seafood, and they do it right!
4	Awesome place that reminds me so much of home back east. I grew up on seafood like this: crab legs, blue crab, crab dip and bisque! Yummy! Even the decor reminds me of the crab houses back east. All they need to add is Yuengling beer. Our server Matt (I think) was wonderful, very knowledgable about the dishes and tastes and provided great service. Their prices are pretty great.  Also, they occasionally offer groupons and they have nightly specials. I am a regular as long as I'm in Vegas.
3	For just the seafood, Crab Corner is pretty good.  I went twice, once for the fried softshell crab and then went back because I just had to try the crabcakes.  I also tried the Maryland crab soup and the bacon-wrapped scallops.  First, avoid the bacon-wrapped scallops!  They were horribly overcooked and therefore dry, tough, and except for the bacon, flavorless.  But the other three seafood items were terrific.  The crab in the crabcakes and soup tasted fresh, as opposed to frozen or out of a can.  If you have a craving for seafood (which tends to be either very bad or very expensive in the middle of the desert), Crab Corner is great.  But where this place really disappoints is everything else on the menu.  Every side I tried was just awful.  The corn on the cob had the taste and consistency of something that had been sitting in a warmer for hours, if not days.  The sweet potato tater tots are a great concept with weak execution.  And the hush puppies were either left in the fryer or sat in the warmer for so long that they were almost as tough as the scallops.  Finally, the dessert selection is almost nonexistent:  either snow cones (I tried the root beer - yuck) or Tasty Cakes (sounded very factory, so I didn't bother).  For seafood, Crab Corner gets 3 stars (the horrible bacon-wrapped scallops drops it a star).  But for everything else on the menu, it gets 1 star.  Both servers I had were great, so 4 stars for service.  I live pretty close, and as a Boston guy, I certainly love seafood, but I doubt I'll bother going back.
3	A little over priced and under staffed. It took what seemed like forever to have my order taken but the person was nice and appologetic. The food is okay. I ordered the cod with fried oysters, board walk fries and slaw. I have definitely had better...The cod was like any other in town with the exception of long John silver (that place is hell). I was really looking forward to the oysters but unfortunately the batter was soggy and made for an unpleasant experience. Fries are fries and the slaw lacked seasoning. Oh well...the whole experience was an hour that felt like a lifetime. This included waiting to get my check and pay.  If there is an upside...the people are courteous. Perhaps I will try it for happy hour and see if it is any better.
2	We visited this restaurant about a week and a half ago and were hoping for a nice night out. Me and my wife came in expecting to do the AYCE crab special that was on Monday nights. We came into the restaurant and it reeked of old bay seasoning and that bad fish smell you find in old markets. We weren't too upset by this, just figured it was part of the atmosphere. We ordered our food and had about 6-8 very small blue crabs dropped off at our table. We have never eaten crabs like this before and how no idea how to do it, but the waiter just left them there on the table and walked away. There was very little meat in the crabs and the act of ripping them open and seeing the "gut mustard" was absolutely disgusting and enough to ruin our appetite. We attempted to eat it and realized there was no way we would get full or even stomach it. The manager told us he would charge us for 6 of the crabs plus our appetizers and that he would bring us out some King Crab legs that we ordered instead. The crab legs were good but after our clothes and body were covered in crab juice and old bay seasoning, we weren't able to enjoy it from the stench that was burned into our nostrils.  We didn't expect what happened next, the waiter gave us our bill for $80 which included the crab we didn't even eat... What type of customer service is that? Especially in Las Vegas... I do not see this place surviving here long and definitely warn people to avoid it, not worth the time, money, or the amount of detergent it will take to get that smell out of your clothes.
1	dont come! u are better off. going to the seven eleven .food sucks !  way over price,n service was ok! but the food dosent have flavor, condiments or anything. yeahhhhh jjst dont go , u will regret it
1	Good service, overpriced food that was flavorless, the server was really nice but ghe would go on bouts where he would disappear for awhile and then bombard you every 10 sec
4	We are weekly crab corner Trivia goers. This place has the best customer service and the trivia is really fun. They also have other weekly specials, but we mainly come for the trivia on Thursdays.Jeremy always takes care of us and he is great! He remembers what we order and always checks in to make sure we are taken care of. I have gotten a few items on the menu and they are all tasty, but try to get their special lobster roll if they have it available. My only complaint is that I wish they had more selection on their menu.Love this place. We will be back every Thursday!
2	Stepping inside of the Crab Corner immediately made me reminisce of the former failed Italian eatery once in its place. The memories were easily found with the same set-up, even with alignment remaining the same. This should have been more than a hint, but of course we proceeded to order.The menu was basic, but much listed as 'market' price. With the bill, the market rates seemed to be more from a greedy Wall Street banker lining their pockets on seafood futures, than from a local crab shack worth spending a dime.The food was not bad, but very in-proportionate and served on China from a local dollar store. The table was crowded with customary sauces and shakes of seasonings, but oddly served in a Pepsi bucket as if a local sports bar.The service was poor at best. Perhaps suited for a group of college kids out for a binge, but not to par with expectations for such high prices and very subpar presentation. In closing I would not make this a personal recommendation, but then again know that for the same price there are wide selections of superior rated and highly frequented competitors not far off the beaten path.
4	I found out our server last time (1st time) was Mark, the owner. I had to come back after such an amazing first trip. This time was still great though I couldn't veer too far from my choices last visit. This place is consistently delicious!
4	We went to lunch there because we had a Groupon. Seemed like a good and inexpensive way to check it out. We're in love! We both ordered po-boy sandwiches - I had the catfish and my friend had the fried shrimp. We also shared an appetizer. The food was excellent, price was right and service was superb.So we went back to treat a friend on her birthday. The food was still superb and reasonable but the service was only so-so. A nice young man named Jared seemed to be busy but I don't know with what. We went late so they weren't crowded. Still I was done with my lunch by the time he asked if I wanted more tea. We were obviously there for a special occasion (wrapped presents, decorated cupcakes, etc.) and most restaurants would have taken note of that. My friend who walks with difficulty was not treated with deference (pulling out chair, taking care of her cane, etc.) Young people don't care if you can walk, just so you can pay.I'm writing all this in hopes that management actually reads their reviews because I want them to improve and then stay around for a long time. I could eat the crab dip on baguettes every day of my life.
4	This place is great hammers and great crab made me feel like i was back east so roll up your sleeves and get a bib
4	Came here for the Tuesday special of $2 blue crabs. As the location is a bit far from the strip (about 15 min cab ride) the restaurant is fairly deserted around dinner time. I came for the crab but also ordered fried oysters and raw oysters. The oysters are not particularly impressive but we're fairly cheap at $1.75 each. Now the crabs were quite delicious! I only ordered a few, but they dump the crabs onto the table and you start grabbing it for the table like a barbarian which is quite satisfying. The crabs were surprisingly hot when we got them, and quite meaty as well. The salty/cajun seasoning is really good, but I was full after 5 crabs. A great experience overall but would love to have the place be a bit more busy and lively for a better experience.
3	Came across this place when I was exiting off the 215 & Rainbow! I thought hmm Crab Corner must be new! I hadn't seen it before and because I'm such a foodie I just had to try it being that I LOVE seafood! I suggested this place to a friend and she was down to try it out with me! When we walked in we were greeted by a nice guy and was told that because it was Wednesday they were running some sort of "flip a coin night" which consist of them flipping a quarter at 10PM and they total out your tab for whatever you've ordered up to this point.. Then if you win you get your whole bill take. Care of.. I thought to myself this is interesting.. We ordered the 8 small crab cakes for $19.99 I believe and I selected off the "Pick Two" menu choosing the Atlantic Cod and what we're suppose to be catfish nuggets but came out as a fillet.. No big deal I guess.. You also get two sides with that option and I preferred the corn on the cob followed by the sweet potato fries.. If I could rate my whole meal experience on a scale from 1-10 Id give them a 7.. There was nothing spectacular about my meal in fact I felt like I could've got the same quality out of the VanKemp boxed fish out the frozen food isle at the grocery store. My friend said her crab cakes were just okay as well. Being this place is new Id give it another shot and this time get some CRAB, which is what they specialize in..
3	We have visited CC for a few years, we are in LV 3-4 times a year and the Eastern location has always been great. This is our second time to the new place. We know the food will be good and consistent in quality. The servings are fair, always tastes fresh and a good value for the price. We have become used to be treated like weekly regulars at Eastern, being recognized and acknowledged by staff even only visiting every 3-4months. The same treatment was received at the SW location on our first visit. Last night our service was poor at best. The young man was inattentive and ignored us for the majority of time we were there. The rest of the wait staff were not interested in covering for one another, walking by numerous times without inquiring about our needs. The waiter wanted to blame the poor service on "busy", not really for a Friday evening and being shorthanded, not really. I think there was no manager on duty....Great food, poor service. We can find that many places. We will visit Eastern next time, hope the experience improves, or find a new place..... Really bums me out.....
2	Lots and lots and lots of deep fried food!!! Let me start off by saying that the food at Crab Corner is not my thing. I'm not big on fried foods. At all. If you like deep fried everything (especially seafood) then, seriously, look no further. This place is very large.  It has lots of space, several TVs, a big bar and a great patio. The smell (seafood) is very strong when you walk in the door which kind of killed my appetite a little. The staff is great.  There was one guy, who was playing host, waiter, and bus boy.  He was doing an excellent job too - very friendly and super quick. We ate: Boardwalk Fries - Pretty tasty and very well seasoned. Cod - This was beer battered and fried. By far the heaviest thing we ordered. Catfish - "Lightly" breaded and fried.Onion Rings Hush PuppiesPretty much all of this tasted the same and all of it tasted like greasy breading with the exception of the Cod which had a nice vinegar finish.  I kind of dug it, but I was starting to feel really gross by the time I tasted this. My husband really liked the hush puppies (I thought they were kind of so so) and he also thoroughly enjoyed his soft shell crab sandwich.  I HATE to give such a low star review and was fully prepared to 3 star this place and move on. Then, hoping to salvage the meal by treating myself to a rare something sweet, I ordered the only dessert on the menu - the snow ball.  I'm sorry but this thing was unforgivable.  If you are going to put a snow cone on your restaurant menu, it should probably be a dang good snow cone. I've had better ones served to me by 9 year olds at little league games. I Probably will not return.
5	This place was recommended by a friend, so we were sure to stop by on our last trip to Vegas. So glad we did! The food was great! I finally found a place that makes crab cakes as good as mine!The service by Jeremy was impeccable! Very attentive even though the place was extremely busy. I highly recommend it. I can't wait to go back to try something else!
2	I won't be back here. The food is average yet expensive and the service is bad/rude. I will, however, throw a shout-out to the Crab Corner over on Eastern Blvd though...they were super nice. So I highly recommend you try that one instead.I ended up getting a "Combo Platter" which is your choice of (all fried) cod, shrimp, oysters, catfish, clams or chicken strips. I asked if I could get steamed/boiled shrimp instead of fried since I didn't want to consume so much fried food but was told no. Unless your body is used to eating massive amounts of fried food you may want to steer clear of this. I felt awful and hated myself the rest of the day. Our server, Jared, was well past the 'unhelpful' threshold and operated in the 'rude' category. Here's a fun exchange showing how helpful he was (verbatim):Me: How much are 6 crabs?Jared: They are priced by the dozen.Me: How much are a dozen?Jared: What size?Me: ?...Medium.Jared: $64I think this whole exchange could have been shortened. But granted he did then tell me 6 would be $32 since I apparently don't look like the type that can do complex math with the facts thus provided. As I awaited him to come by so I could request the check, the ample time allowed me to check-in and find a deal for "any beer for $3"! Thanks Yelp! I asked to apply that to my bill as well as inform him we'd be using a Living Social. He balked at this saying you can only use one "discount". I scoffed right back so I was allowed to use both after a talk with the manager..."but just this once."Now I'm not sure if anyone else is with me, but I don't consider Groupons or Living Socials "discounts". They are marketing tools made 1) to get customers into the restaurant, 2) are pre-purchased, and 3) are known sunk costs. Whereas discounts/coupons are used to get people in but that's where the similarities end - they do not know how many people will take advantage of it, etc. Who's with me?Well we could talk the finer points of economics all day but I will close with the fact that I do not recommend this place at all.
2	Tried this second location and I have to say...I wasn't impressed. We came on a Sunday and they had a lot of football fans there but only 1-2 servers, so service was super slow. Our server, Jared, was cocky with his responses to questions we had, like "how much are the steamed crabs?" among other things. I got the crab cake platter like I got last time and again, this thing is not worth it. The size is fine but it's the most bland crab cake I've ever eaten and I used to live in the North Virginia area where it's pretty easy to get good crab cakes. I say save your money and go somewhere else. The food and service aren't worth it here!
3	Just ok.  Not great.  To many places like this in Vegas and quality is lost in quantity. Service is so so.  Used a Groupon.  Doubt I'll be back.
1	Terrible service. Mediocre food. Overpriced. Totally disappointed.
5	I've loved coming to this place ever since they opened up their location on Eastern. The food is excellent!  the crab cakes are delicious, the crabs are mouth watering and you can't go wrong with the seasoned fries. Anyone complaining about how long it takes for the food to come out is full of it. It takes time to steam crabs, it takes time to prep it, it takes time for freshly made food to be delivered to your table. If you come in here thinking it's a fast food joint, you're wrong and need to go somewhere else like McDonalds. If you have any issues, ask for my man David. He'll immediately fix it for you.
3	I kind of have mixed feelings about this place. A lot of the reviews mention how bad the service is, and when I walked to the door I was thinking just that! We were standing waiting for someone to acknowledge us for about at least four minutes. There was not a host and the other employees were just walking by without doing anything about it! When we finally got a table we got served by  the bartender and she was great! She checked in with us several times during our meal and gave us a good service. The food was good, I totally recommend the crab cakes and the lobster bisque. My boyfriend ordered the Maryland grab soup which was flavorless! So truly, this place is good and bad at the same time! I cannot make up my mind!!
5	Let me tell you...it was absolutely wonderful. I had crab legs and corn. The crab legs were huge. The waiter was awesome. So friendly and the service was prompt. I was me and my dad's first time there. I have to say that I will become a regular. They tend to have groupons out there every month and check their website for weekly specials.
1	This place was very disappointed . Where should I start . The bad service or the fishy seafood? Wouldn't go back .
5	Being from Maryland this was a slice of home! Loved being able to eat some of my favorite foods from home like blue crabs, hush puppies, and snowballs! The service was as excellent as the food. We had a very pleasant server named Jared. Very attentive (our drinks never got more than half way empty) and he continued to check in with us throughout our meal! Highly recommend this restaurant and I'll make sure to visit every time we're in town.
2	First off, I used yelp and found this place and had somewhat high expectations. After browsing the menu I ordered a whole lobster and was told they are out. I ordered king crab legs and they come with a seasoning salt that was too salty to eat . I ordered a plain order and it tasted the same . Thought they were supposed to be steamed but tasted like they were boiled and the water hadn't been changed in a while. I ordered a fried oyster appetizer, and was told they couldn't do that. There was no appetizer but there was an entree on the menu. I will never eat at this place ever again. You're better off going to hot and juicy or the boiling crab instead.  I am only giving them two stars because the service was decent.
1	What a horrible dive! The food was greasy, the restaurant dirty and the staff doesn't wash their hands after using the toilet! Saw it firsthand. I called the restaurant a day later to talk with the manager and I was told he was in a meeting but would call me back.Nope, never happened! I guess watching your business being run into the ground by filthy, incompetent employees is your thing?
3	You get  fresh carb. You get what you pay for.  These hard shell blue crab is a lot of work.  Which I don't mind at all. I would hope that the spices and flavor would be in the crab not just in the outer shell.
5	Love this place. I go as often as I can and will continue to go. Love the food, the staff and the atmosphere.
2	We have been wanting to try this place for quite a while and finally headed over there tonight. Ordered drinks and took some time to review the menu. Settled on 2 combo plates; shrimp & clams and cod and clams. Side dishes were onion rings, French fries and dinner salads. The salads were fresh and actually pretty good. Everything else we ordered was fried which may be where we went wrong. The cod was oil soaked, shrimp was edible but dense in a strange kind of way and the clams had a rubber band texture. The French fries were pretty good. Service was acceptable but I am pretty much convinced if you are not going for the actual crab fest, go elsewhere. I did see a few other diners hitting crab platters pretty hard and looking happy.
2	First of all, this place were truly a seafood place, they wouldn't have beer pong.They should call their Lobster Roll a Lobster DOG.. $16.99 for a Lobster Roll served on a cheap Hot Dog Roll fried in butter with little lobster meat??? No thank you. I have had amazing lobster rolls packed with meat in downtown Boston for just three dollars more.As to their other food items, I wasn't impressed. I am not a fan of fried food, and everything was fried. I feel like there was little meat on everything we tried... And for the price, you could do MUCH better.
1	Extremely disappointed in this place. To begin with, my margarita was made with only tequila and agave nectar and did not taste very great. We waited for 30 minutes to get a drink order. We never got the crayons I requested for my kiddos to entertain them while we waiting so long. The waiters take their orders from their iPhones which seem a little unprofessional. My husband requested a dozen crabs to share with my son and the waiter recommended only getting one crab per person. We waited an hour to receive our food. I ordered two appetizers and I was pleased with my food but my husband and my son were starving after finishing their one crab. We had to go get something to eat afterward. Needless to say we were very disappointed with our visit and will not be returning.
5	I went to college in Maryland so while on a work trip to Vegas, I felt it was only right to get crabs. Crab Corner is chock full of Terps and Ravens memorabilia plus a pretty awesome crab tank in the middle of the place. Surprised there was no Redskins stuff but then again that team is terrible. overall the place is really large which would be good if I had a party. I did not so I sat at the bar.The server was attentive and since it was a work trip I decided to splurge with a little of everything. First up raw oysters. While not for everyone I am a big fan and these did not disappoint. The shell is pretty deep so it was like a bowl of oyster. Next up was the bacon wrapped scallops. They were super hot so it needed a good cut in the middle and some the apricot sauce it comes with. It's bacon and scallops so you know it's amazing.For my meal I ordered a five large crabs. Tons of meat with a good spice on top of it. Not old bay but something similar. By time I was pretty full but enjoyed the meal. I will definitely be back again the next time in Vegas and hopefully with a group.
5	I love this place. I go there at least twice a month.
5	Excellent service...crab cakes are huge with no fillers and Delicious. ..apricot chutney is the bomb!
