4	Black mountain grill is a combo bar and restaurant. The kitchen stays open 24 hours and always has something to satisfy. I usually come at some ungodly hour in the morning, but this time we made it in for dinner when the kitchen was in full swing.  We arrived at about 8'oclock and were immediately seated.  The restaurant side of the bar is configured in a square with an open kitchen at the top so you can keep an eye on the chefs and see when your food is ready. I saw 4 servers taking care of about 15 tables.  Being the single most impatient person on the face of the earth I like to order, eat and escape in about the time that it takes me to type this review. My friend however enjoys the art of dining and tells me that the service was good. The bus boys / food runners/ servers were always on top of refills empty plates and silverware replacements. I had the beef Wellington and corn soup and friend T. had the Alaskan salmon and rice. Aside from a little snafu with the soup (We were told lobster bisque was on the menu and it turned out to be corn or French onion) everything was great and the server recovered well by comping our corn soup.  My only gripe was that the food was a little slow coming out, but I think that had more to do with my hunger then the actual time it took to cook the dish. The dishes were about average $15 to $37 an entre.  If you are up and out at 2am then have a great grave yard special and the chicken fried steak is the best in town. To top it all off everything on the menu is available for take out.
3	I was first introduced to this place by a friend which ended up being a location we'd frequent when we couldn't decide on where to go, or what to eat.  This would be the place we'd hit up for breakfast and on Sundays they have a special brunch menu which offers different items and a buffet style course. The food is pretty good here. The eggs Benedict from what I remember never satisfied me but the waffles were done great every time. If you're picky with the way your eggs are cooked this place needs help. Overall, cheap eats, good amount of seating and brunch on sundays.
4	I came here late on a weekday evening. We were seated immediately, as the place was not busy at all.  From our seats in a booth we were able to see the action in the open kitchen, which was nice.  The place is clean and nicely decorated, and our server was extremely attentive and polite.  I eat a mostly vegetarian diet (in fact, mostly raw these days) so I had to request some changes to the salad I ordered. There was no problem with my request at all and I received my altered salad without a hitch. My companions had steak, chicken wings and salad, all of which were praised. I would suggest this place to  friends or family, especially if they like meat.
3	Needed a decent place to eat that wasn't a chain and was resonably priced for a good family meal.  Enter Black Mountain Gril.  It is tucked away just off of Eastern Ave and pretty hard to find actually.  We went over Memorial Day weekend at about 7 and it was completely dead for dinner.  Food was good enough.  I had the NY Strip and French Onion soup and my girlfriend had the Salmon.  Best part was probably the soup which wasn't the best French Onion I've ever had, but was still good.  The bar area here was pretty cool actually and seems like it might be a chill spot to have a night cap if you frequent the Henderson area.
4	This was my 1st trip to @BlkMtnGrill. It's A lodge-like bar & grill with seperate dining room the kitchen is open in the dining room so you can see your meal being made. Really Cool:)After taking a minute to clean up and check the place out-which if you are a hunter you will love it. Very cozy with a fireplace front & center big comfy seats and lots of great decor;-)Since we arrived just before 11- we could order breakfast or lunch and decided to do BOTH.We started off with the cheese plate(cheese & fruit really)-then ordered a 3 item omelette with ham,bacon & cheddar-potaotes & english muffin-also a burger with grilled mushrooms and french fries.(NOTE: Drinks-they serve PEPSI)Service was OUTSTANDING-our drinks were filled quickly and the food was brought out in a timely manner.When the food arrived we knew immediately we were in way over our heads-it was ALOT of food!!The burger was good a little-bit over cooked, the fries were great.The omelette was insane-the was a whole hog in there soooo much ham & bacon:) maybe a little too heavy on the cheese but that was an easy fix:) I like shredded potao hashbrowns myself but the kids loved the country potaotes!!The cheese plate was fantastic with strawberrys,granny smith apples,grapes and raspberries and several different cheeses-my favorite was the smoky cheddar-yummy:)Yeah I know I only tried the bar food but it was damn good.They serve a much more sophisticated menu than the items I ordered so I'm gonna have to go back some Tuesday evening (2 for 1) and try their dinners. Maybe the Stuffed Alaskan Halibut of Petite Beef Wellington;)
5	Love the black mtn grill... Awesome breakfast food that is great after a late night out. Very unusual decor for the vegas area which makes it very unique. Love the atmosphere here, very laid back..
3	Nothing really to write home about this place other then it's the 2nd closest bar to my house which is always a plus. Went here the other night for some late night happy hour food and it was ok. My burger was a little on the done side but the fries kicked ass!Mind you, the burger was a great deal at $4 but then again, I would not have paid more then that for what I received.
5	I'm perplexed by the tepid reviews. I'm a very picky restaurant customer and I absolutely loved our dinner last night. The service was perfect, the setting was lovely (we sat on the back patio, next to the fountain and had it all to ourselves), and the food, well, YUM! And very reasonably priced, surprisingly so. We started off with a 1/2 bottle of La Crema Chardonnay off of the extensive "California" wine list (a steal at $16), enjoyed the warm, slightly garlicky, fresh bread and butter, started with a side salad that had the most delectable balsamic vinaigrette I've had in a long time ($3.95 with entree), and I had the crab/shrimp/brie-stuffed halibut with sauteed vegetables julienne and mashed potatoes while my boyfriend had the salmon in bourbon sauce (both under $20). The halibut was fresh catch, cooked to perfection and everything on my plate was mouth wateringly impressive. The salmon tasted more average to me but the sauce was delicious. We were both very pleased with our meals. We finished it off with their new s'mores dessert ($5.95) complete with housemade graham crackers and a very alcoholic rum-chocolate sauce. Amazingly enough, after polishing all of this off, I did not have that "I wish I could un-eat half of this because I am so stuffed" feeling at all, which further indicates to me that they use fresh ingredients and don't sneak in a ton of unnecessary oil. I could have done without the taxidermy inside but otherwise the decor was lovely as well. We will be returning soon!
5	I've been going to Black Mountain Grill since they opened & have been a fan since. I love their food and the bartenders (the female - Deirdre, I think) is the BEST! My favorite dishes there are the Pesto Pasta, the Beef Wellington, the Thai Beef Pasta, the Steak Salad, their occasional Roasted Red Pepper soup, the occasional Chicken Cordon Bleu, the pizzas... The offer a great wine selection and comfortable atmosphere. I've been so often, the staff knows me by first name now (is that sad?). :) I often steer friends/family there.
4	Hunting loge decor is out of place but cozy after a fashion. Food is excellent.
5	I knew we'd found the secret best deal spot in town when I walked in and the average age in the dining room was 70 or so. The social security set knows where to get the best food deals in town, and in this case they picked a place with damn tasty food as well. As far as the more "moderately priced" steak type places in town go, take a date to Twin Creeks. If on the other hand you're an old married couple just looking for good meat - this is your spot ! Tuesday night is incredible. All entrees are buy one get one free! This makes their normally reasonably priced steak dinners ($25ish for a filet mignon + 2 sides) INSANELY priced. $12.50 for a filet mignon and 2 sides? WHAT?Let it be known that I'm a steak snob. I've tried to do the $9.99 steak dinner casino rap and ended up throwing it away too many times. I can't do chewy cheap steak. I don't even eat Prime Rib as I find it beneath me. Yup, I said it, I'm the world's biggest steak snob. I went in to this place with pretty low expectations, I mean how the hell can you serve a sizeable filet for $12.50 with sides? The steak here blew me out of the water! SO TENDER, so perfectly cooked, so quality. It was crazy. Honestly it was just a couple ticks below a filet at Hanks. I asked for double green beans to avoid the carby potatoes and they were happy to oblige. The husband got a HUGE ribeye and also liked it, but it wasn't as money as my filet. It was really really good for a cheap ribeye, but it wasn't anywhere close to a Hank's ribeye if you catch my drift. The filet is where it's at!The dining room is comfortable (it's like a lodge inside) and service was really awesome. Wine was fairly priced (we had a fabulous bottle for just $24 that retails for $16! Very low markup for Vegas). They also have very creative specials (think duck, inventive salmon dishes, etc - they post them on their website ahead of time). Unfortunately I've only had this $12.50 Filet mignon dinner once so I'm scared it was a fluke but I really hope it's not . Sometimes in life you don't get what you pay for - you get so much more ! A bottle of wine and 2 steak dinners with sides and bread for $50ish? Crazy I tell you.
1	We purchased a groupon deal for $20 that gave us a $40 meal.  From the time we entered the grill we were disappointed.  The greeting and seating was done withjout a smile or curteous comments.  The wait staff looked unhappy at best and the food..... well let me say it wasn't worth the $20 we spent.  Oh and least I forget to mention, I ordered filet mignon and received beef wellington.
2	We bought a $40 Groupon for $20 a week or so ago & decided to give it a try last night. In a nutshell: they are charging waay too much money for the food that they are serving. There is nothing about the food that justifies charging what they are charging. If you want more details, read on....We were seated promptly & our drink orders were taken. They then brought out a basket of what I could only describe as a loaf of Pillsbury  bread. I like my bread, so this was a big disappointment.I ordered the Miso Sea Bass ($24.95) which came out still frozen in the middle (could not get my fork all the way through it) & had to be sent back for additional cooking. That came with undercooked (yet oddly enough at the same time, gummy rice & a mix of previously frozen broccoli & shredded carrots that were steamed & sprinkled with black sesame seeds. I guess this was their attempt at trying to make it seem fancier than what is was but they failed miserably. There was also a little bit of what I'm sure was bottled teriyaki sauce on the plate. I do have to say that when I got my fish back after almost 10 minutes of me worrying that it was now overcooked, it was perfect. Moist & delicious. Just wish that it had been cooked properly the first time it came out. Now here's the part that really irks me.. from the time we sat down, the waiter was pushing the evening special which was a Prime Grade 14oz Ribeye for $26.95. He went on & on about how delicious it was & what a good deal it was considering it was prime grade. Hubby went with his recommendation & ordered it. Waiters, listen up.. If you are pushing a menu item & really making it seem like we would be crazy not to order it, it better be the best thing you've ever eaten. If it's just ok, don't rave about it for close to 5 minutes. It was just ok. It was a very thin cut, we're talking less than a 1/2" thick & had quite a bit of fat. I know Ribeye is a fattier cut, but this was the hard gristly fat, not the kind of fat that is marbled throughout the steak & melts in your mouth. We've had prime grade beef before & I dare say that this was not prime grade. It came with Garlic mashed potatoes that had been over-mashed & about 5 stalks of asparagus. Pushing the most expensive item on the menu to a customer b/c they came in with a groupon & not b/c it really is good is a tad bit tacky in my opinion.They struck out big time with us & I have a hard time understanding how they have managed to survive in the Henderson/Vegas Restaurant market charging $$$ for $ food.
2	Bought  a groupon and came late in the afternoon to try it out.  Service was average.  Food was about twice the price that it should be.   The place claims that they have great steaks but there weren't any on the lunch menu.  I had the ribs and they were fair although tony romas would have been better at about a third the price.  The beer was cold and the decor was nice.  The prices were way too high to consider coming back for an average meal.
4	This place is a sleeper i bought a $40 off of groupon and decided to take my girlfriend. It has really nice atmospher.  Food is a little on the above average side but you do get a decent size portion for your money. Fod very good my forty dollar groupon got me a steak dinner my girlfriend stuffed chicken and a salad. as well as two draft beers. all that was left on my check was taxs and tip. And for the amount of food we got and service i felt that it was a good deal.
5	We've passed the place several times and finally dined for a nice romantic dinner. The groupon tipped our scales to finally try the place...and I'm so glad we did! Everything about the meal was great. We started with the buffalo shrimp appetizer, which has me writing this review because I can't get them off my mind. They were so good and I can not wait to go back and have them again. Very good amount for an appetizer and great blue cheese dipping sauce. I had the stuffed halibut which was delicious and the plate had an amazing complementary sauce. My sides were the mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies, sliced thin and I enjoyed both very much. My husband had the crab cake BLT, which he didn't love, but he's not a big BLT lover, so I wouldn't take that for much in this review. They did have more beers on tap than he expected, which is always a plus in our book. The only negatives I can think of was that my cocktail was very standard and something I make at home easily (pom martini) and the atmosphere was definitely an older crowd in the 60's and up, but could have been the Tuesday deal and timing that influenced this. Definitely can not wait to return and try more buffalo shrimp, the mushroom spinach dip, the fillet, the beef wellington, and other cocktails!
5	This is by no means "bar food." It's a neighborhood bar with exquisite food! Where else can you get buffalo shrimp, petite beef wellington and italian stuffed chicken? Their Spring Salad is to die for and the Salmon is as good as it gets. Well worth the price and the drive (if you don't live around the corner like me).
3	Sat a the bar on a Saturday night for a special event birthday party for a friend.  Food was good (special prices for us), mixed drinks were a bit weak, and the bartener was terrible.  I'm so tired of the bad bartenders in this town - and here was another one.  And he's probably not even union, so can't use that for an excuse.  We pretty much had to beg for any service.  Such a shame, with so many bartenders looking for work, that they keep someone like this.  Always gets a bad mark in my book.
1	I was treated very poorly by management.
3	A neighborhood meeting place with OK food and an OK wine selection. If I could do a 2.5 star rating, I would. As I cannot, I am erring on the side of of edible.Let's start with the bad news.The cons: Aside from my two favorites and a dessert (see below), the rest of the food seems to be middle ground. My friend had the italian-style stuffed chicken which he seemed to really enjoy but, when asked, said it was "OK, tasty, not mind-bending."The stuffed mushroom entree? Not so much. The portobellos were flat (whether they had the been squashed in transport or storage, or whether they were flattened in the cooking process, I am still unsure) and a little tough. The cheese, which sounded good on paper, just doesn't melt the way one would hope. The dish also cooled quickly or wasn't that hot to begin with. I wanted to like it; I went in to try this specific dish. I was disappointed. I have done meals here, snacks, wines and desserts. It's not a bad place, per se, but it's not an "oh, man, you have to try this place" kind of place. It's... average.Price is a con. What you get and what you pay? Big disparity. I can think of a handful of places in the same general area that offer better food at better prices.The pros: The staff is always friendly and happy to help. Some of them are a little overzealous (I do not need to see them every three minutes) and some are so laid back you have to smile or wave to get them to come over if you need something. It all balances out, however, and overall the service is, well, decent.The cheese plate and the crab cakes are my favorites, and I would be happy ordering just these whenever I go. They are fresh, prepared well, presented beautifully, and very, very tasty. (Also, on the price issue, fairly well balanced, I think). I also enjoyed a taste of their creme brulee (they sometimes have different flavors and I am not sure which we had): creamy, not too heavy, and flavorful. The sugar crust was perfect.WINE!Wine Wednesdays help. Buy 2 entrees and get any - I was told ANY - bottle of wine for half off. They have a half-decent wine list and some of them have good prices already. Get a bottle for half price to go with your meal? Even better!The atmosphere is totally doable. The dining room and outdoor patio (fireplace is a plus) are pretty basic yet comfortable, but there is also a mountain-lodge-inspired living room area that's cozy and a bit quirky. The bar is spacious without feeling like you are too far removed. Good for just you, a couple, or a group, there's a space for everyone.
4	At first, I was not a huge fan; however, this place has grown on me. Its not too far from where I live, so if I ever end up meeting someone for a drink, this is usually the place. The drinks are good, food is delicious, and the poker usually has a good payout!After putting in $20.00, I frequently walk out with more then that, sometimes way more! Regardless, its all about fun and good company. There is a nice bar area, or you can sit down away from the bar, or even outside! The negative thing about outside is that it is usually for smoking breaks from the bar area. Regardless, its a nice local hangout spot.
4	This is fast becoming my fave neighborhood place to eat, very comfortable warm welcoming lodge like setting, huge bar, excellent patio, cozy dining room but the star of this show is the food ! Always fresh, the menu has great variety with layers of flavor in each bite. Staff is young but attentive and fairly knowledgeable. Check out the weekly special especially the Tuesday night buy one get one half on entrees and buy one get one free Saturday lunch hour totally worth it.
4	Went here two days ago for the second time because once again Groupon was offering a deal for this place 20 for 40 worth of food so I said hell why not. This time I had the french dipper and mixed veggies which was very tasty and my girlfriend had the ahi salad which I tasted and had alot of flavor and was very well prepared. Only reason that I give four stars is because the app was average at best it was the shrimp wrapped in bacon I just felt like the sauce it was covered in was the only seasoning they used shrimp was bland under the salty bacon. Overall for sure would recommend this place to anyone looking for some good food they also have dinner specials each night. I basically had a $70 dinner for 32 after Groupon and remaining charges which also included two drinks and the apple pie desert which was also very taste
5	We found this restaurant on Groupon and it was worth every penny!  The food selection was great, the staff was amazing, and we were seated next to the open kitchen, where we could watch the chefs prepare meals.  They have a different special every night, and contrary to what the info here says, there is free wifi.  Mia was the manager on and she was very helpful.  Danny was our server, and was very professional and friendly.  I definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great meal at a good price, that wants to be away from the noise of the strip.
5	Have you ever tried something so good you end up licking the plate when no one is watching?! ~eating and seeing is believing.... I came here tonight with my groupon and before I went I checked the yelp reviews and it was mediocre. But nonetheless I went, I saw, I smelled, and I ate. Mmm it was sooo good!!! I ordered the 22oz ribeye (medium rare) with the cheddar jalapeno mashed potatoes served with a side with their BBQ sauce. The meat was so tender, juicy, and perfectly seasoned, to be honest it was one of the better steaks I've had in Las Vegas! My hubby ordered the full rack of ribs with seasoned fries. This dish was so succulent as well! Charbroiled ribs, falling off the bone.... The sauce they use is a 'ketchup' and sweet tasting BBQ sauce.... Very good! I forgot to mention as an appetizer we ordered the spinach and portobello dip served with warm, soft garlic parmesan bread... So fresh & so big!!!!Please try this place for yourself!!!! The prices are kind of high without the discount, but u can go for their happy hour for half the price we would've paid!!!
4	Thank you to trusty Yelpers for your fantastic reviews for Black Mountain Grill; it ended up to be true to your positive words (for the most part).The rustic yet tasteful decor was pretty inviting and we were seated right away (on a Friday night) so that was fantastic. The sausage fest of a staff that appeared "busy" all night (despite the lack of business in the restaurant), were pleasant whenever our table was in need of attention.  I would say the service was average and that's about the best it seems to get in most establishments these days so I'm content. Let's talk food.. DELICIOUS!!!!  We ordered the mushroom and spinach dip as an appetizer and the bread that accompanied the dip was soft, warm and paired very well with the flavoring of the dip.  I ordered the chicken picatta and it was outstanding! The mashed potatos were tasty, the abundance of capers (which I enjoy) were delicious and there was just the right amount of lemon flavor to enhance the entire dish.  PS- if you have left over spinach and mushroom dip, plop that stuff on the mashed potatoes for an added boost of flavor.All in all service was decent, food was delicious and I will definitely keep Black Mountain Grill on my list of options on a dining out kind of evening.
3	I agree with Kim A and others that commented on the service. For some reason, men aren't as welcoming and accommodating as hosts & servers. The food was actually better than I expected but the service ruined it for me. I wanted to give them an extra star but the service! What ever happened to great customer service at restaurants these days? Did that get lost in the recession also?Moving on to the eats - spinach & mushroom dip was good and the soft bread made it even better. Use the leftover dip with your meal, gives it a great flavor. Now my dish, I ordered the shrimp stuffed halibut. While the dish was good, I only have to gripes about it - 1) where was the shrimp? 2) without the lemon butter sauce, the halibut would have been flavorless 3) lemon butter sauce was a little thickier and became too rich for me after a few bites.While our dining experience was a pleasurable, the service wasn't which again is pretty disappointing. And it wasn't that busy guys, come on!
4	**Summary**       - Taste - The food is delicious. Every dish we got seemed a step above their counterparts elsewhere.       - Decor - Even though half the restaurant is a bar, the place looks and feels like you're in a half-fancy lodge. The kitchen is open to the dining area so you can see your chefs at work.       - Service - Unfortunately, it seems that everything takes a long time. The staff is friendly, but just absent most of the time.       - Nightly Dinner Specials - They have a different special every night. You can get a list online. A lot of them read and taste like gourmet dishes at much more expensive places.**Promotions**       - Tuesday 3pm-9pm - Buy one dinner, get one half price.       - Saturday 11am-2pm - Buy one lunch, get one free.**Ordered**       - $7.00 Caesar Salad - Decent salad with phenomenal homemade croutons. I could not get enough of those croutons. They were large, cheesy and perfect (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/TKcq0hOqesiDOwQb-ZwFAw?select=G2RCzbxFAZrpXEJOynZSYQ#G2RCzbxFAZrpXEJOynZSYQ).       - $11.00 Beef Sate - The beef is sliced steak and the peanut sauce has an Americanized peanut butter taste. I liked it. The steak can be eaten with or without sauce (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/TKcq0hOqesiDOwQb-ZwFAw?select=YoEwbSS4Hp6YnnPzbxnhnQ#YoEwbSS4Hp6YnnPzbxnhnQ).       - $12.00 BBQ Chicken Pizza - A healthy sized pizza that could rival CPK's (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/TKcq0hOqesiDOwQb-ZwFAw?select=JgIQqsfSiL5VTJOlKU1oQw#JgIQqsfSiL5VTJOlKU1oQw).       - $19.00 Glazed Short Ribs (Weekly Dinner Special) - One of the best short ribs I've ever had. The glazed red wine sauce was incredible. It leaked onto the mashed potatoes and made the mash taste great too. My only disappointment was the portion size of meat (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/TKcq0hOqesiDOwQb-ZwFAw?select=axUXkeWofs-3nURvCguR6w#axUXkeWofs-3nURvCguR6w).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you have a little time. Their food is delicious and worth the wait.
1	The Stuffed halibut was way overcooked! It was stuffed with shrimp and blue cheese instead of Brie from the menu. It tasted so bad! Topping that off by laying it on a bed of instant mashed potatoes made me wonder why anyone would eat here. ((looking around)) ummmm...the diningroom must be empty for a reason! Only patrons are drinking at the bar! Luckily i ordered a four cheese woodfired pizza for an appetizer. It was the highlight. The chocolate bomb desert was tasty but didn't make up for the meal.
5	My husband and I went last night (Monday). I have to say it was FANTASTIC! We had the beef sate for an appetizer which was wonderfully delicious. I had the BBQ chicken pizza and he had the Ginger Crusted Tuna Salad for main course and we shared the Carrot Cake. I have to say everything was wonderful probably the best dinner out we have had in quite sometime. It was out first visit but DEFINITELY it will NOT be our last! Well Done! Bravo!
3	The food was great, the service was ok (not awesome, waiter made us feel rushed or that we were bothering him when there were only two other tables with guests).The thing that got me was that when I asked if they had a "kids menu" I was told "We have kids macaroni and cheese and kids chicken nuggets" and what I got was two $7 adult portioned meals.  I would have never ordered two large meals for a 4 and 2 year old, I would have never ordered two $7 "kids" meals, I would have given them some food off my plate (especially the 2 year old) before spending $14 on "kids meals."  I suppose I should have asked the price, but given they are not listed on the menu, I would have also expected the price to be disclosed if it was greater than the average kids meal.I've always loved Black  Mountain Grill.  Used to be a favorite spot for me and my husband back when I lived in Vegas full time... very kind hostess, very clean, great food.  Just annoyed with the kids meal scenario.
5	My family & I love this restaurant.  There are not many restaurants to choose from in the Anthem area that serve such great quality food with a relaxed atmosphere.  My "steak" connoisseur husband swears the filet mignon is the best in Vegas.  Our family has used their banquet room for Anniversary Dinners & have had relaxing meals on the patio that features both a fireplace & a walled water feature.  The staff is friendly & accommodating.  The only complaint is the maintenace & upkeep of the restrooms.  It also has a great bar area.  Looks like a hunting lodge.  It has intimate seating areas that include a fireplace.
2	It's another disappointment.  I ordered my burger medium, and it came out RAW.  I sent it back, still raw.  I figured maybe they just don't know how to cook a burger until the next visit saw this happen to my steak.  I'll stick to the Boulevard Bar and Grille.  For the prices this business charges, I expect more quality.  I used to visit at least twice a week..not anymore.
1	There were 3 people in my party and our meal took 45 minutes to arrive. I ordered spaghetti and meatballs and it looked and tasted like spaghetti and watered down tomato juice. Management didn't charge me for it
3	I have heard many wonderful comments about BMG and have ignored the mixed ratings on this place. I came here with my sister and one of her friends for lunch. In no rush, we just ordered a few items for the table and shared. The spinach and mushroom dip is by far the best item. It does not feel as heavy or taste as creamy as most dips. It was not weighed down by cream cheese or mayo and had the consistency of a light creamed spinach. Most of the other items were either bland or off putting so we just dressed everything in it. Since we were unsure about what to order, we decided on  a mixed grill plate. The ribs were fall off the bone tender. The chicken was moist and possessed the most flavor. The sausage was nothing special. The filet was the biggest disappointment. It did not have any taste and not cooked to our specification. This platter comes with mashed potatoes and veggies. We asked for the jalapeno cheddar potatoes and it was a huge mistake. My sister was dying and I just taste anything but jalapenos. The consistency was close to the stuff from a box. Our last item was the steak salad. The dressing was sparse and flavorless. Parboiled potatoes also top the salad. Everyone thought they were pears or apples and was shocked by the crunchy tuber...The overall experience was mixed, but one thing we all agreed on was our love of the dip. It is definitely worth going back for that.
4	Really nice chill place, servers are good - but could stop by more to check on patrons.The crab cake appetizer are the best.  The only thing missing is mist fans outside for the hot weather.
2	We had two drinks that were unusual.  Husband had something with vodka, half and half and chambord which he liked (I didn't) and I had the Beautiful which was brandy and Grand Marnier which was terrific and a generous pour.  Helpful waiter although table setting did not have bread plates and as I looked around the near-empty room, many tables did not have bread plates, but some did alongside the napkin wrapped flatware.  Place was pleasant enough--very new looking with stone wall that I liked but had that new-rustic-old-trying feeling, which I personally cannot stand.  Too suburban.  Anyway, husband had the halibut dish which he liked a lot and it was a generous portion.  I had a crab pasta dish that was about the worst restaurant meal I have been served in years. Yes, they offered to take it back; no I refused because I was starving and didn't want to stuff myself with the bread.  They did not charge me for the dish which was fair since I ate about three forkfuls.  No kitchen should send something like that out.  Somehow when I ordered a crab fettucini, I thought that there would be a taste of crab.  No luck.  Anyway, if you are in the neighborhood and hungry, the halibut was fine and I would guess the steaks would be, too.  I wouldn't return; husband would consider (but he'd be lonely).
3	We've been going there for a couple of years now. There is a new Chef, his food is very good.  If you sit by the bar to eat....the wait staff tends to forget all about you.I do miss the BOGO Tuesdays a lot.
4	Went to the Black Mountain Grill last night using a Groupon.. appetizers-crab cakes very good and french onion soup, my favorite, which was outstanding. For our main meals we shared BBQ chicken pizza and Monterey Chicken Sandwich w/ the best french fries I have ever eaten.. the pizza went home with us.  There was enough food with the appetizers and sandwich.. Loved the decor..we certainly will be back. Our server Daniel was attentive and we had great refills of our ice tea, never having to ask for more.
4	This was our second visit for dinner at this pseudo lodge.  The restaurant was only half full on Saturday evening at around 7:30PM.  Neither of us was overly hungry so we bypassed the salad and appetizer section of the menu and only ordered entrees.  My wife chose halibut stuffed with crab, rock shrimp and brie accompanied by a mushroom risotto and julienne vegetables. The halibut steak was moist and delicious.  I ordered the evening's special, check out the website for the week's nightly specials, beer braised short ribs in a veal stock with sweet potato mash and Asian slaw.  Another winner though the mashed looked and tasted more like regular potato.
3	Came here with a groupon on the last possible day of eligibility. It was fairly busy and our server apologized in advance for the wait times and menu options. The halibut I had been hoping to try was no longer available. Our waitress was overall fairly accomodating through the night but she was certainly right to warn us about the wait time-- we did spend a decent amount of time awaiting our main course. We decided to start the evening off with some spinach dip. I liked it-- it was thick and creamy, as expected, and much more seasoned than the one you might find at a TGIFridays. The bread sticks that came with it were extra crunchy--perhaps by design.The actual bread basket was decent I suppose. I don't recall much  being in there other than your standard french roll. My girlfriend ended up choosing the pizza, and I went with the filet mignon. The pizza was pretty unremarkable-- it tasted rather generic and we ended up taking most of it home for leftovers. My filet mignon came out mostly to my liking. I ordered it medium rare but I would say it leaned more rare than I would have liked. In their defense, it is a difficult cut of meat to cook just right because it is so delicate, and I suppose its better for a steak to be slightly underdone than overcooked. The steak rub was adequate and I required no dipping sauce. The baked potato that came with the meal tasted like...baked potato. Nothing fancy-- there was some sour cream and butter to make it more palatable. I will say that the asparagus was probably the best I have ever had in any restaurant. They were cooked in some sort of buttery, citrusy finish-- which is my way of saying I don't know what they hell they cooked them in but I had no problem lapping them all up. I think this is a decent place to bring your family for dinner. I guess the decor is sorta western and cool if you're into that sorta thing. I'm not sure that this place really excels in any one particular area of cooking, but I'd sure as hell choose them over a Chili's or Applebee's or some other american style chain. And the fact that they are open 24 hours is certainly a novelty worth mentioning. I doubt I'll be back any time soon but don't let that deter you-- for a late night meal especially, they are a way better option than a Norms or Denny's.
1	We went there on Christmas day, we called ahead of time to see if we needed reservations, they said no, unless you want a booth. So we reserved a booth and told them we would be there in half an hour. We arrived and no booth available, she says I see your name here, but its first come first serve, so we waited at the bar, when we were seated we ordered appetizers which were really good, but then didnt get our dinner for over an hour later. People were coming and going and we were still waiting, I complained and was told they had a party in the back room, so they were very busy. When my steak arrived it was burnt and dry, I asked for a container, I figured my dogs would like that. Worse service ever and not the friendliest place.
4	I Have eaten here about 3 times for dinner and once for breakfast.  The breakfast was a 4 star experience because of one thing, bangers, Scottish Bangers.  If you don't know what that is, it is a sausage link that is savory and about 6 inches in length.  The rest of the breakfast is well executed as well.  The Big breakfast was better than any chain place that specializes in breakfast I mean you IHOP.  BTW under beverages you can get hot cider too.  If you live in the GVR or Anthem area this is a great little quiet breakfast spot not like the others.   As for dinners, they make a good burger but not quite as good as BJ's brew house down the hill on Eastern.  The pasta dishes are good.  I had the eggplant which using an A-F scale I would give a B-.  But Truly great Italian can be hit or miss in the Valley.  The calamari appetizer was a little greasy, again BJ's are better.  Overall though this place is solid and you can tell by the families that show up.  The owner is usually lurking about and she is dressed like the help.  She is blonde and about 5'3' with a very appealing smile.
4	I love the Black Mountain Grill. Its a video poke bar with a dining room side with an open gourmet kitchen. It has a lodge feel. I had the oppertunity to meet the owner Donna Rocker on my last visit and what a very nice lady. The staff understands customer service and its nice to see that it isnt lost in Henderson. They have a weekly specials menu and post if via their website, facebook and twitter. If you are looking for a fresh not frozen meal with great service, you wont be dissappointed.
3	My family and I had breakfast here for the first time this past Sunday.  We were pleasantly surprised at the atmosphere as it was actually nice inside and not smokey and the patio seating was also nice, especially with such nice weather this past Sunday.  We were kinda worried at first as the place was pretty dead with maybe 4 people at the bar, 2 of whom were actually eating.Any how we sat outside in the patio and were immediately greeted by our waiter who was very friendly.  We ordered a short stack for the little one, a big breakfast for me (2 eggs, 4 strips of bacon, and an English muffin), and my hubby had the omellete with toast (ham, peppers, cheese).  The short stack was 3 thin pancakes that were out of this world!  When it arrived, we knew it was going to be good as it had a nice brown color to it.  My food was also good.  Perfect portion size and very generous with the bacon.  The omellete that my hubby had was sent back as it was on the dry side and the ham was extra chewy.  It was definitely not fluffy so I do not recommend this.  On the flip side he ordered 2 orders of the short stack and his meal was comped by the waiter. Such great customer service!  We will definitely be coming back to try the dinner menu!!!
2	On Tuesdays entrees are priced on special at 2 for 1.  We each chose the stuffed halibut (brie, shrimp and crab) that was accompanied by a delicious mushroom risotto and grilled vegetables.  The halibut on 2 prior occasions has been very moist, but this evening it was overcooked and bone dry.
4	This is our neighborhood bar and grill.  It's within walking distance of our house and the food here is just great.  The filet is USDA PRIME!  $28 for a Prime filet dinner.  You  won't find that anywhere else in town.  It's SO good and they cook it perfectly.  On Tuesday nights, you can get TWO Prime filet dinners for $28 with their BOGO deal from 6-9pm.  The halibut is amazing.  The French Onion soup is out of this world.  Actually, I've not had one thing here that wasn't very good to excellent.  The variable is the service.  The bartenders tend to be not super outgoing and the wait staff is from marginal to outstanding.  Just ask for Jill to be your server.  She's far and away the best.  My wife and I always ask for her.  The other servers and the bartenders keep the place from being 5 star.  The food is definitely 5 star.  It's not cheaply priced, but the food is not cheap.  It's VERY good quality!  We'll be here weekly, and have been since we found it.  We just hope to God Jill is working so we get good service.  And no, we're not related to her or even knew her before we started going to Black Mountain Grill.  :)
4	First time coming here after a bartender told me they had great food, a good  line-up of beers on tap, and decent late-night specials. I was not disappointed! I felt as if I had walked into Dick Cheney's cabin (minus the dude he shot in the face), the walls were lined with cool animal heads. The beer was great, the service was top-notch, and the food was damn good! The crab cakes and the burger are highly recommended. I will be back again
5	I love this place.
1	DO NOT HAVE BREAKFAST HERE...ESPECIALLY ON A SUNDAY as they may have the same chef that can't even make pancakes or poach eggs.  The Poor Mans Egg Benedict was disgusting to look at....now we are back home and two of us are SICK....we both had their Banger sausage so guessing that is the culprit.We have dinner there frequently and like it very much but DO NOT DO BREAKFAST!
3	February 2013 I am kind of a French Onion soup snob... I have to say... I enjoyed their version very much! Pizza was pretty good, too! :-)Looking for late night fare in Henderson... this is your place!your constant companion,~deirdar
2	If you're after mediocre that takes a really long time to get to your table you have chosen the right place. Save your money and just go to Wendy's which is right next door and servers a much better burger.
5	The food, service and atmosphere here are all tops by my standards. You can't go wrong with ordering anything off the menu. I haven't tried a lot of the higher-end entrees, but then again I'm pretty simple and usually swing in on a short stop for a snack. Salad, wings, soups, all good. I have never been disappointed here. Best non-smoking bar/lounge where people are friendly and games are fun.
3	This is a smoke free pub with an almost across the board good menu. Some of the prices are a little much, considering you are eating in a 24 hour bar with video poker machines, but the quality can be surprisingly good. I go here fairly regularly and have tried a lot of menu items. The burgers are really quite good, the soups are too, and the side dishes that come with the other entrees are often delicious. Some of the appetizers are strangely proportioned or a little bland, but overall the food is definitely pretty good and reliable. The staff is really friendly and the atmosphere (aside from the confusing mix of genres....what is the sailboat doing in there?) is pretty cozy. Most of the times I have met up with people here, time has flown by and everyone has had a good time. Seems to be good for people of all drinking ages, and lots of old timers mix it up along side the younger generations.
1	Not very good, They are trying to come off as a high class place but don't meet the mark. We went with a coupon from KSHP for $25 for $6. The sign above the door said pints of Bud Light for $2.75 so I asked about them and the waitress said it was only during happy hour or if football was on the TV. Well there was a bowl game going and she said it did not count. So they were $4 each.My wife ordered a Caesar Salad with chicken. It was like $14 the dressing was the worse we have ever tasted way too much lemon juice. The chicken was just warmed up but still cold.I got a burger and it was just so so not worth $11 but the fries were good though. Would I go back no not even with a KSHP coupon. The waitress was slow and the noise from the grill area really loud, vents.
4	We wanted to try another bookmark of mine for lunch ~ so Black Mountain Grill it is.  I felt like we walked into a cabin or lodge with the animal decor and log cabin look.  Kinda neat! The hostess told us to take any table we would like.  It wasn't very busy at all so we had our pick.  Shortly our waitress was over to get our drink order so we could look over the menu.  I decided on the Thai Chicken Wrap with sweet potato fries.  The wrap had the great thai peanut sauce which had a nice little spice.  But my highlight was their sweet potato fries.  They were perfectly done with just enough crisp.  I was absolutely delighted! Our service was just ok. Sometimes it seems as if she disappeared even though there were only a few tables in the area.  We had to wait for drink refills a few times as I noticed another did as well.   Another strange thing was the temperature of the restaurant.  I was freezing as I was eating.  I usually don't have a chilly nose and hands being inside of a restaurant.  So I was really torn between 3 and 4 stars...  I am feeling generous today.
2	The food is over priced bar food. I ordered the queen cut prime rib ($26) & couldn't finish it because it was so tough. The cheap $12.99 prime rib dinners Downtown are better. We don't come here often but when we do I'm reminded why we don't :(
4	Got to say this is one of my favorite late night spots. Bar tenders are always on top of it and and very fun staff. And main reason why I come here is the porterhouse special! Probably best steak special in town. You get this huge 24ounce porterhouse and 2 sides, usually get some potatoes and side of steamed broccoli. They also have a great app with the chicken satay. All in all great spot for late night bite to eat and drink, who knows maybe you'll even with some money on the machines.
5	It's 24h place, not too crowded and not a lot of smoking so it works great for me. It's  usually a late night, after work spot. After 11 they have a late night menu with 50% off items and I don't think the 22 oz cowboy steak can be beat for 14$ instead of 22$. The servers and bartenders are the nicest and most attentive I've ever dealt with. Highly recommended especially after 11pm
1	The food was horrible.
4	Nice local place! Great late night specials and the bbq ribs are fall off the bone great.  The bartenders are friendly and know how to make a great drink.
3	I was taken to this place by a vendor from my work, so it was free meal. But a review is a review and I was not very impressed with this restaurant. When we got to our table the waiter was forcing us to order food as quickly as we can, which is a big no in my book, especially when half of the restaurant is empty. They kept interrupting us when I was explaining the vendor on how the chemical plant works, so I had to back track constantly. I got french onion soup to start me off, and it was probably the most disgusting french onion soup ever. the cheese took up about 1 inch of the bowl and when I finally broke through that layer all the cheese was literally coating the spoon. There was an inch of cheese coating the spoon, which made it unusable for the task. I felt like I was part of a deep sea drilling operation. After barely having any soup, I awaited for my main entree, the hanger steak. One thing that I did want to mention before I move on to my meal. The cowboy steak is more of a place holder item to attract customer. They never have enough and it will always be sold out. We got there for dinner around 6PM, and they were all out of it. I also stopped by next day around 4:30PM to see if they had it in stock, but it was gone. So, if you are going just to get the cowboy steak then be cautious. They do have other alternate steaks and this is why I got hanger steak. The hanger steak that I got was done medium rare, just as I had asked. It was very flavorful and the the garlic mashed potatoes was perfect match for this steak. But its hard to look over bad service and french onion soup, so over all its 3/5 stars. On a plus size this place is open 24 hours, and they do have good late night specials.
1	the service here is horrible. last time we went, no one greeted us, talked to us or took our order. we were completely ignored. we sat there for about 10-15 mins and no one came up to our table. we didn't know if the kitchen was closed or not. you wanna know how long we waited? we were able to call another restaurant and place an order for pick up! we left shortly after that and even then no one acknowledge us.
4	We ordered the spicy Asian wings, pretzlenator burger and the Thai burger.  The wings were a good size but not spicy at all more on the sweet side. Both of the burgers were great, a lot of flavor and cooked right. The prices are a bit high but the atmosphere is nice. Bartender was excellent be sure to ask for Jimbo, very friendly and welcoming.
5	I think I seriously found my new favorite restaurant! From start to finish service was sooo on point. Food was amazing! I had the hangar steak and I was left wanting to lick my plate:) Server was Jill she was awesome! Very friendly and attentive!
4	I had the Blacked Ahi Watermelon Salad it came with sweet soy & wasabi-marinated tuna, almonds, tamarind vinaigrette! I'm not a big fish person but this was really good. Our witness with real nice and the chef came out and checked on us!
4	We had a gift certificate here but when I looked at the 3.5 stars, I was pretty scared. My expectations were very low. We sat at the dining area instead of the bar but since we wanted to do happy hour, we had to move to the bar. Garlic Parmesan Fries:Part of happy hour. Crispy, hot, garlicky and yummy fried potatoes. I wish I didn't have to share. 4.5/5Beef Satay:I was craving something with peanut sauce and my back up plan was to go to the Vietnamese restaurant across the street in case this was horrible. This was in their appetizer menu but it came with rice so, it's a meal! But then again, I don't eat rice. Huge chunks of plump medium rare beef and a nice peanut sauce to dip them in. I was pleasantly satisfied. 4/5Bacon Cheeseburger:The patty was pretty thick and really juicy. The bacon strips were nice and crisp. 4/5Nothing to complain about.
4	So I went back to this place last night and enjoyed it much better the first. The fire place setting was an enjoyment along with the popular 22 oz cowboy porterhouse. It was delicious. I was a happy girl at 5 clock this morning.
1	Came here to have drinks after school. This was my 2nd time here. Both times the staff weren't very friendly or welcoming. Not very attentive either.
5	One of my favorite spots on this side of town. The decor is great- feels like you're in a beautiful log cabin in the mountains. It feels like home- a couple times, I've dined on the comfortable leather couch in front of the tv, surrounded by bookshelves- awesome! They also have a bar and separate dining area. The staff are awesome- friendly, thoughtful, helpful. The food is always great. I've enjoyed everything I've tried! Prices are good. They have an awesome happy hour and late night menu. I love that they're open 24 hours- great for a late night meal or drinks.
4	Good. Not impressed with happy hour prices. $14 for steak and eggs. Steak was about the size of quatah. Boston accent. Stop criticiZing my reviews, cat!
3	Not the best but not the worst either. Steak was cooked well but not the best quality I've ever had. If you're looking for a well priced decent dinner this is a great place to check out. If you're looking for aged beef and tuna tartare I would look towards the strip.
4	Been loyal customers since it opened. Love the staff, great chef, awesome video poker machines. Menu is very well balanced. Love the graveyard specials. Best veggie or side to accompany any entree is bok choy. Love how they decorate and set mood for each holiday. Outdoor courtyard with fireplace is great for romantic dinners!
2	Tasty food, super friendly and efficient staff, ice cold beer. Why oy 2 stars then? Sewer problem, the bar had a very bad odor that the staff tried to mask with a candle in the restroom and by opening the doors on a cold night.  Not the first time we've experienced this there. Hope it's fixed soon or we may have to find another watering hole- too bad.
1	Bleh! I hate posting negative reviews. Our waiter Matthew was awesome and tried to be as helpful as possible despite being yelled at by a lazy kitchen. It wasn't his fault that the kitchen's ticket times were terrible. It took about 30mins for our apps and over 60 mins for entrees. I'd totally understand if the restaurant was packed. But it is wasn't. We were one of Maybe 3 tables in the place on thanksgiving.The kitchen staff clearly didn't want to be there. So they took their frustration out on their patrons.  My husband's food was ice cold! We we're both in the restaurant business for a long time, it's HARD to serve cold food!! My son's shrimp were BAD. Old, bad, whatever you wanna call it. They tasted fishy & gross. Half of my food was cold :-/ At the end of our dinner, even with several items comped, it was over $100 for cold food and it ruined thanksgiving. Never again. They haven't heard the last of us if we end up sick from this food.
2	Tasty food, super friendly and efficient staff, ice cold beer. Why only 2 stars then? Sewer problem, the bar had a very bad odor that the staff tried to mask it with a candle in the restroom and by opening the doors on a cold night.  Not the first time we've experienced this there. Hope it's fixed soon or we may have to find another watering hole- too bad.
3	The vibe at Black Mountain Grill is super cozy and warm, with the bar in the main section of the restaurant and the private rooms along the sides. The service is definitely on-par with a high quality restaurant, but with a huge party like ours, all the staff members seemed to just walk by several times without really checking on our guests.I ordered the Extreme Mac & Cheese ($15.95) upon recommendation of my friend, and it has chicken, bacon, wild mushrooms, campanelle, and white truffle oil. Honestly, I was disappointed. There was a generous amount of stuff in the mac & cheese but the chicken was dry and some distinguishable kick in flavor was missing. Plus my stomach did not feel great after, but I'm sure that was just my coffee intake.Speaking of the coffee, when a cup was initially brought to me, it was lukewarm instead of hot. The second time they refilled, I finally got hot coffee. Rule number one when someone needs coffee... serve it hot.My friends have given this place great verbal reviews, and while I would actually come back here and give it another try, my first experience was not all that filling or fulfilling.
2	I really like the atmosphere and food at this place but the customer service at the bar was terrible. I was playing on a machine and was having such a great time with a friend who was feeding the machine next to mine. I was about to put another $20 into my machine and was asked to leave my seat so that a couple could sit where i was already sitting (so they could each have a machine next to each other). I suppose I could have said no but I was so taken off guard! Just rude. But hey, Black Mountain Grill, thanks for saving me $20+++!!! I'll be sure to tell all my friends! PS my bill was $100. Awesome.
2	The food is really good! I do have an issue with the service when sitting at the bar. Its almost like the bartenders would rather do side work than bother with actual customers. I do like the food and ambiance its just hard to keep trying them out and experiencing such below par service from bartenders. The rest of the staff is very helpful.
5	Love this place!! The service is excellent and the food is delicious & presented nicely. Recommend for any appetite. Try the bacon wrapped shrimp, or the ice cream sundae in the Huge cup!! Try anything really, it's all good!
