5	I want to spend at least one night a month drinking and watching great bands in this theatre.  Great venue.  Cheap drinks.  Cool crowd.
4	I went to this venue for the first time last Friday, and I was very surprised. It was a music show, and the sound was very good. The drinks are also cheap for a theater, and the decor has some cachet.Great venue for shows, definitely recommend it.
4	Beautiful venue located near the border between Little Burgundy and St-Henri. On the trendier side of Atwater close to Burgundy Lion. Affordable drinks, no pushy security and great atmosphere. Tickets at this venue can be a little on the pricey side but it's definitely worth it for the experience.
4	Love this place. It's a gorgeous venue... still has the old balconies and the worked metal railings. Nice open space, nice atmosphere, prices for tickets are reasonable.. I liked it. Very enjoyable!
4	Originally built as a silent cinema with orchestra in 1912 and abandoned for decades before becoming a setting for folks shooting period films and then finally renovated and opened as a venue in the early 2000's, the Corona is tres special. The renovations didn't touch the original exterior arch, or the balconies and moldings inside, so it feels completely ghostly and the sound is warm, resonant and lovely as only old spaces seem to be. The gentle rake on the floor, and a second level with lots of room for bar, coat check, merch, means that even if they don't open the balconies visibility is great and there's a feeling of comfort and movement. The lighting inside is beautiful and not garish (can't say the same for the flashy Virgin logo on the new sign outside, but if they are paying for it's survival I guess I can forgive them the vanity plate.) Also - 4$ Rolling Rock. That has to be the best beer option and price point at any venue of this size in the city. Speaking of size, total capacity is about 800. ~500 if you just use the floor. The small side balconies are very Phantom of the Opera and in my opinion should always be in use by people in fancy dress and/or masques, for atmosphere.
4	Great concert venue! I even brought my parents with me once and, even though the mezzanine was closed, they allowed us to sit up there seeing as my mother's mobility is reduced. So A+ for the staff too!
4	I quite like this venue. It has a vintage, cozy feel although it is a decently large venue. It's been around for ages, and hosted many a performance... you can almost feel its history when you walk in with remnants of its original theatrical structure giving homage to its origins. Ok so maybe that last sentence was a tad romanticized and sentimental... but it's my story and I'm sticking to it.I've already seen quite a few shows here, well-known bands as well as the more obscure, and it's never disappointed. It's usually standing-only... which I prefer so I can dance to my favourite songs, the sound is good, the bar has decently-priced beers and friendly servers, there is an optional coat check and a balcony to boot. Conveniently located in Griffintown near Autoroute Ville-Marie (720) and Lionel-Groulx station, it's easily accessible by metro or car. Corona Theatre has quickly become one of my favourite concert venues of Montreal. I'm a fan.
4	I have been to this venue a few times now and I always enjoy it.  It's well located: it's nice to break out of the downtown/Plateau areas, it's nearby to Lionel-Groulx metro so convenient for both green line and orange people, and there's lots of onstreet parking to be found for drivers.  The venue itself is quite beautiful, with lots of architectural details.  It's a little bit too bad that there are virgin mobile signs sprinkled throughout the venue, but they are not overly intrusive so if that's what it takes to keep such a beautiful space open, it's an ok compromise.  I also love the layout, with the huge bar sweeping across the back of the space, the gradually sloping front section, and the very comfortable balcony.  The venue can fit lots and lots of people, but still maintain good sight lines and decent sound, without feeling overly crowded.
4	cheap beer, clean toilets and a charging station? this is a dream come true! wait, there's a waiter service? oh boy, can i sleep here forever?the venue is definitely nice. sound is great (i don't know how rock music or pop or hip hop or r&b sound like but electronic music does sound really good) balconies were closed so can't comment on that. there's some place to seat on the main floor which comes in handy after standing too long but if you sit too long, butt's going to hurt. in a way, this is smart.took me a while to find the coat check though. the signs should be easier to see/find.and a pet peeve. there was a lot of in and out (with people going out to smoke) and you could feel the cold air if you're standing near the bar.outside of that, its, imo, one of the best smaller venue in town for concertsps. crowd is quite eclectic but there seems to be a lot more of mom jeans/shorts and super skinny jeans people than anything else.. nothing wrong with that. just a funny sight
5	This is by far my favorite show venue in the city. It's small, and I love the antique theater look. The coolest bands play here.
