4	MRKT Sea and Land is a bit like the Aliante Casino (part of Station Casinos) that it sits in - it is stylish, a bit trendy (as the vowel-less restaurant name suggests), and it provides a ton of value for the price. Both casino and restaurant also tend to be overlooked when the average Vegas tourist thinks about desirable places to eat and gamble while in the Sin City.Atmosphere: Thumbs up.Service: Sideways thumb (was a bit slow when I was there)For the appetizers, we had the calamari and the pan seared ahi tuna. The calamari was neither soggy with oil nor rubbery, and the pan seared ahi tuna was cooked well. The surf and turf is a great way to experience the restaurant's namesake, as the Filet Mignon was tender (I requested rare) and the Lobster tail was huge! My girlfriend had the Pan Seared bone in rib eye (we were feeling like bloodthirsty carnivores that night, obviously) and it was a great deal for $31. Give it a shot off the beaten path - you won't be disappointed. I recommend making reservations on the phone rather than online - it seems to be more likely to stick that way.
5	A beautiful room and with wonderful food.  Go check it out and try the Rib I
4	I have visited this place a few times since it has been open and for the most part I like the ambiance and food.Dinning room service is a bit lacking for a Las Vegas Steakhouse but not horribly bad.  Had a great server there that we followed from Austins but alas he has moved on to greater things.I would definitely recommend forgoing the dinning room and just pull up a seat at the bar.  You get the same great food and drinks but in a more relaxed environment.  The bonus is you are served by some top notch bartenders.  They pour a mean martini...As far as food, the Prime Rib is so so, but the Filet and Ribeye are superb.  The creamed corn and the spinach and cheese tomato are their best sides.  And the seafood is not half bad, $50 for a lobster tail is a good deal for a steakhouse.
5	We had a woderful time at MRKT Sea & Land. It was definitely a splurge for us, as we can only afford this price range once a year, but it was well worth it! The food and drinks were delicious! We had the beef carpaccio appetizer, I had a garden salad and the petite filet mignon, my husband had the porterhouse, a berry mojito and some wine and we shared three sides (the sides are meant to be shared here). Everything was cooked perfectly; our medium and medium-rare steaks were also rested, which made them super juicy and soooooooo good! Oh my gosh, I can't say enough about my steak! Yummm! :)Anyhow, the service was also excellent and our seating was really comfy - we chose a booth, which came with pillows. :) Of corse, the place was clean and the ambiance wonderful. Just a great place to eat.
5	On Sunday night between 5 and 7 with reservations, it's buy one get one free any item! My favorite is the filet mignon a la carte. That and two Mich Ultra and I am in heaven. The service is top notch and the ambiance is modern and comfortable. 5 star steak house for half the price what's not to love?
4	I went here today with the hubby because little miss discount had 50% off.  Wow the food was so amazing.  We started off with a ceaser salad which was more than enough even though we split it.  I've never had a ceaser made with iceburg lettuce but it was still very good.  Loved the raisin bread that came before the meal but was not too impressed with the little pretzel bread.  They had a really funky after taste to them.     We split the mashed potatoes, mac and cheese and some veggies I honestly didn't bother to eat.  I swear my filet mignon was as big as my fist and it was juicy good.  I asked for it medium but it seemed really red inside and it was very bloody.  Still good it just didn't stay very hot as I chopped into it.  Ended the meal with some raspberry cheesecake, which was nothing special but really big.       The service at the table was the best I've ever had.  The bus person came over and introduced himself along with the wait person who would be serving us later.  I was a little dissapointed that our table was all the way in the very back of the place even though we had reservations and we were the first people there.  Our table was missing a fork, the cloth was dirty and the booth area had some odd stains on the vinyl.  I did like that it was semi-private and back lit.  The little pillows were a cute touch.  We loved the food but probaby won't be back anytime soon.  I do recomend it for special occasions. sidenote:  I made a reservations at Opentable.com because Stations web site will give you the wrong number.  The number on this Yelp page is correct.
3	A decent restaurant in a neighborhood that desperately needs decent restaurants.  A well balanced menu between surf & turf, with a focus on seasonality, make this a must go for dinner.  I would recommend avoiding the restaurant when they have live music on the bar - it can be bothersome and occasionally out of tune.  The food is quite good, even if the service is absent.
1	The Aliante Hotel & Casino sent me a $50 certificate to use either at the buffet or here. I've been to their buffet many time so I thought I'd give this place a try. The decor is nice, but it does not make up for the mediocre food. Our server seemed like he has not been a waiter for that long. Steaks were $24+ and did not come with any sides. They give you complimentary Pretzel, Raisin, and Sourdough bread.What we ordered:1 Jumbo Crab Cake - ok2 Prime Ribs (rare) - a little tough and not tasty at all2 MRKT Brick House Chickens - ok1 Scallops - old and tough2 Asparagus - boiled and bland (they should serve em grilled) 1 Sauteed Button Mushrooms - bland1 Baked Sweet Potato - ok, super bigThe bill came out to $162 before our deductions. For that amount of money, I would expect better tasting food.
4	My husband and I celebrated his Birthday here.  We had the prime rib special.  The waiter brought us the rib-eye sauce to go with it  It was delicious.  The spinach and cheese tomatoes were very average. I had the crab cake which was very good and fresh with a lovely sauce.  We had the blue nut salad and scallops potatoes as well and both were very good. For dessert we got the bananas foster and the chocolate lava cake. The bananas foster was awesome, but the lava cake was dry and we would not order it again.  Our booth was lovely, but we felt the music was too loud and not appropriate for the romantic atmosphere. It was top 40 pop ( which I love), but not for a romantic dinner.    Also, my husband's birthday was not acknowledged and I told them about it twice when I I made the reservation and when I confirmed it.   Our service was wonderful in the beginning, but as the restaurant got busier, our service wained and we sat for over 30 minutes once we finished our dessert.  Overall we really enjoyed our experience and would return again.  The 2 for 1 specials are a great deal as are the half price martinis.
4	Beautiful restaurant, good service, and really good food.The complimentary bread basket has some DELICIOUS pretzel bread and very yummy raisin-nut bread in it.We had calamari, that was really good. And (on our first visit) we stuck to steaks, which were perfectly cooked and quite tasty.They had live music (on our second visit) performed by Dave Ritz, and he did some cool songs, with some mash-ups, guitar & piano playing. Thoroughly enjoyable.
4	Has Potential - Menu pricing caters to local Gamblers with Comps or Coupons. Otherwise over $ 50.00 per person without alcohol. Everything A La Carte plus additional for Salad. Nice atmosphere - however comparable to numerous other restaurants in the same price range. Ordered - Chopped Salad Blackened Mahi-Mahi Blackened Swordfish (not on Menu ; however no problem to order) Au-Gratin Potatoes Button Mushrooms Bread (Raisin, Pretzel and Sourdough) was served The service was simple, professional and unfussy The Bread was Excellent The Potatoes and Mushrooms were perfect The Blackened Seafood is heavy spices with no actual Blackened Cooking. ( Blackened Seafood should be cooked in a white-hot cast-iron skillet with Blackshirt and Red Peppers coating the fish and flash cooked with butter ).
5	This place was really great. I have been to a few steak houses off the strip and this is by far the best one. The food was amazing, the atmosphere was cozy, and our server was funny and friendly. We also really liked the live music. He did all acoustic songs which made it quiet and soothing. The prices were reasonable and we will be eating here very frequently. We ordered:1 Beef Capparrico(s/p?) it was delicious and enough to serve 3 or 4 people. 2 New York cut steaks bone in and they were amazing. Cooked exactly how we ordered them and seasoned to perfection.1 creamed spinach and 1 order of mashed potatoes. both were really good1 banana flambe with ice cream. This was one of my favorite parts.We also ordered sparkling water, 2 cocktails, and a cappuccino.The whole thing came out to 130$ and 160$ with tip. This place is a must try
2	Yikes! What happened to this place?  Maybe because of the holiday the staff were phoning it in, or maybe because I order off the pre-fix menu, but wow, what a fail of a Thanksgiving dinner.  I looked up the menu on line and it sounded like a delicious traditional holiday dinner.  I called for reservations in the morning and even they could not get me in at three, a three thirty was available.  When I arrived there were more staff than guests.  The turkey was a mix of dark and white meat infused with a simple stuffing but it seemed like I got a turkey bum, it was almost all skin and the meat that was on it was so tough I could not get my knife through it.  I seriously have had better turkey in my employee dining room.  (EDR for my fellow casino employed friends.)  To top if off when they sent out the food the server was ready to give me one dish, picked it up and gave it to my husband instead, so he got a great cut of turkey and I got to view it.  Thing is I never finish my food, so he'd end up getting it anyway.  Sides were greasy green beans and apple stuffing, both were unremarkable.  Cranberry sauce was so oddly seasoned it was unedible.  Dessert was a nice saving grace of pumkin ice cream layered in vanilla.  We were in and out in about an hour and twenty minutes of that was waiting for the last course.  I have another month of Friday night steak house crawls planned and this place will be skipped.
3	I drive by Aliante Station everyday  and the billboard sporting a juicy bone in piece of steak advertising this joint had been torturing me for months.  So, I finally gave in and made a reservation for fear of crashing into the car in front of me every time I drive by.I always like to order my favorite cut (filet mignon - cooked medium) at every steakhouse I visit for the first time so I can always do a fair comparison.  I have to say I wasn't impressed; the steak was...decent.  The service was boring and the place felt empty and lifeless (it was dinner time both times I went, the second time I ordered the rib eye and it was decent as well).  While the actual "land" portions I had were forgettable the MASHED POTATOES were quite memorable.  They were probably some of the best I've had in a long time.  I contemplate every now and again if I should call in and see if they'll do a to-go order of mashed potatoes :)  The decor was your typical modern motif but nice none the less.  FYI, I hate when you go to restaurants that are all done up sometimes (looking super expensive with all these cool chairs and dark woods and funky art sculptures) because you almost always expect the food to be just as dressy (haha) and delicious.  In this case, MRKT was definitely "more looks than brains" (minus the mash).  I know we were taught to never judge a book by it's cover, but when restaurants try to put up a high class/quality front..well then, they better deliver.  I know it's a double standard for the "hole in the walls" we all love but hey, who said life was fair? So in a nutshell, if you go during happy hour or for their current special of the moment (sometimes they have 2-for-1 entrees) then it's worth a fork and maybe a knife too.  But, I would never pay full price.
2	Beautiful ambiance, uninspiring food, worst service ever. We waited one hour for our first round of drinks to arrive on New Year's Eve. One hour for drinks. All of the courses took a long time to arrive and the food was not nearly as good as I would expect. Even after one partygoer of ours complained, management still could not speed service.-Bland scallops-Winter squash soup more like pumpkin pie-Burnt coffeeFor a $200+ meal for two, I expect better quality, even on a holiday. The management completely failed to create a decent holiday experience (which I know is possible because First Food and Bar did it so well this past Thanksgiving, and at half the price). The company was great.
2	The ambience is upper class and fancy, and the customer service when a friend and myself went was excellent. We really enjoyed ourselves, especially with their selection of many wines. Why the two stars then?The food honestly doesn't match what the restaurant is supposed to be. I ordered the salmon, veggies, and mashed potatoes, and the meal was something akin to what I could be having at Applebee's or Outback Steakhouse. Their menu seemed bland and typical. It wasn't like the food tasted horrible, but it was mediocre to the atmosphere. Our bill was well over $100, and felt like I could have gotten a much cheaper dinner (and identical meals) at the two restaurants listed above. I was expecting much more than what was experienced, especially in a place that's supposedly elegant dining. Hopefully in the future they add more unique, different items to their menu. I do have to note though their wine list is worth glancing over.
3	Ok. I ate here on a whim. I sat at the bar and had a glass of house merlot which was not bad. There was live entertainment. The gentleman was quite good with a guitar and piano. Why not ask him to play some Jason Mraz? My bartender was Abigail, she was hot and reluctantly quiet. I browsed through the menu and I ordered a bone in ribeye ($31), medium rare of course. The steak looked really good when I first saw it. The char marks were petfect. I took a bite and it was seasoned well. It was a little chewy, I was not sure if this was USDA prime meat. I did not ask but I'm certain that it was not. It did not have the consistency of prime. I am a steak eater and it just did not seem prime. Don't get me wrong this place is nice but for $15 more you can go to Ruth's.Chris and have a sure bet spectacular steak. Three and a half stars. Just because of price to service/food quality ratio.
5	We went to MRKT last night and had a wonderful experience.  I'd heard good things about it, and we definitely weren't disappointed.We showed up about 20 minutes early for our 8pm dinner reservation, and the hostesses seated us anyway and we had a cozy booth near the back of the restaurant.  The ambiance is beautiful -- not as high-end as T-Bones or Hank's (other Station casino steakhouses) but still very nice.  The live music performer in the bar area is a nice touch and the music plays throughout the restaurant.Our server was excellent; very attentive, knowledgeable about the menu and he even hooked us up with $5 martinis even though it wasn't happy hour anymore (martinis were very tasty and pretty big -- try the Orange Julius one or Summer Passion!).We were really impressed with the food all around; the bread basket was loaded with 4 different breads and served with plenty of whipped butter.  We shared the crab cake appetizer, which was 80% huge pieces of crab and 20% filler holding it together, and overall delicious.  For steaks we got the prime rib and the 12 oz. filet, both cooked to perfection.  The sides were all quite reasonable ($6 or $7; most steakhouses charge $10) and the creamed corn and potatoes au gratin were amazing.  I'm just sad we didn't have room for dessert!Overall we had a great time here and would definitely go again; it's worth the drive up to Aliante!! :)
4	My wife and i went for valentines on feb 13 so we probably missed the crowds. beautiful decor throughout the casino and restaurant.  i had prime rib, grilled asparagus with chopped bleu salad, all were excellent. she had petit filet, au gratin potatoes and french onion soup. these were even better. service was excellent without being "hover- y". erica responded promptly to every request and eric the mgr came by several times. i highly recommend this restaurant. i would give it five stars but the "muzak" belongs in a food court full of 14 year olds.
3	Didn't try the food but the restaurant was very upscale and cozy. 5 dollar margaritas which aren't too weak. They even played Morrissey and Depeche Mode! All in all not a bad place to grab a drink or two.  The service was nice and friendly.
4	I took My Girlfriend here last week and was very happy with the whole experience.We started off at the bar getting 2 drinks, since we had to wait for a seat (about 10 min) at which time the hostess came over and politely lead us to our seats.We started with the calamari appetizer ($9), which was very good if not a rather large portion; they also fry up sweet potato strips that come mixed in with the calamari. The calamari had a nice texture, good flavor and was not overcooked or chewy. I ordered the herb crusted prime rib ($24) and a baked potato ($6) and I have to say I really enjoyed the prime rib. It came hot and med rare just as I ordered it. It was tender and I loved the herb crust, it is a nice difference from the general pepper crusted prime ribs you generally find around town. The baked potato was not the best it looks and tasted like it had been sitting around for a while.My Girlfriend ordered the bone in New York ($34) and mashed potatoes ($6) and We were both floored by the flavor of that steak. It had great grill marks, had great flavor, was a thick cut, and seasoned properly. It also came medium just as she ordered it.  (I will be ordering this next time lol) the mashed potatoes are really nice and I would call them garlic mashed potatoes since they have it in them but its not to strong. She also ordered a glass of wine which was nice and I had a few beers myself, which went well to compliment and stand up to the intense flavors of our meal. We finished off with a cappuccino for each of us.The wait staff was very friendly; always close enough to check on us without being in the way. I ended up tipping the server $20+ since he was probably the best server I have had in some time and it went along with the bill ;)If you have the inclination to try MRKT Sea & Land, I would recommend you do. I know I will be revisiting this place myself.
3	The Skinny: Although the preparation of their chicken and beef is great, the main issues are their sides (3) Service: was amiable and the ambience is very casual which is surprising for a $30 entree steakhouse (3.5) Value: being a steakhouse, it is definitely overpriced for what it is but given our coupon ($50 off on a $100 meal) it didn't hurt quite so bad  - portion sizes are large though(3).Let me preface this by saying I usually don't like steakhouses. Generally, the fare is boring and pretty straightforward. We would not normally have gone but the hubs had a coupon for $50 off $100 so we decided to give it a try.Of note, is the schizophrenic ambience of this restaurant. Set in an ultra contemporary setting with plump pillows and plush seating, it was a little shocking to see the wide variety of dress here - including a fellow dressed in a faded t-shirt, plaid swimtrunks and flipflops. At a place that serves $30 steaks, it was a little bit disconcerting.  While Alanis Morissette singing "Jagged little pill" blared in the background, I felt sorry for the one young couple dressed to the nines attempting to have a nice romantic dinner.  We ordered the lobster bisque with puff pastry ($11) and caesar salad ($7) to start. The lobster bisque was decidedly one-note - flavoured strongly of lobster but little else. It's watery texture paired with the rather lackluster puff pastry make this a menu item to skip. The caesar salad on the other hand was a better rendition of a classic steakhouse staple. The dressing had a nice amount of acidity which lightened a regularly over-heavy salad. Unfortunately, the romaine was cut too small which marred the crispness of the lettuce.For our proteins, we ordered the brick chicken ($19), bone-in New York($34),  and accompanied this with potatoes au gratin($7), mushrooms($7), green beans($6). I cannot speak highly enough about the brick chicken. They served a marvelous whole deboned Jidori chicken with a lovely crisp skin and perfectly moist meat on the inside. How they manage keeping it moist with very little bones, I have no idea. It is definitely a steal at $19. (FYI - it may, at first appear a little bland, however I believe it is served that way because you are supposed to dip the meat in the accompanying au jus). The bone-in New York was also good albeit not as outstanding as the brick chicken.Tthe sides were our main beef (so to speak). Anemic button mushrooms (not a lovely toasted colour) were flavourless. The wonderfully fresh haricots verts (thinner longer variety of green beans) were rather bland considering it was swimming in some sort of garlic and butter concoction. The potatoes au gratin lacked a proper golden crisp crust and too heavy on the garlic.Finally dessert. Although it wasn't really bananas foster ($7) in a traditional sense, it was rather lovely. The banana was tempura fried and came with a nice rum sauce poured overtop and served with vanilla ice cream. The ripeness of the banana was perfect and crunchy coating make nice textural contrast.Overall, given the average steakhouse cuisine, this place does somethings better than most (ie, the brick chicken, bananas foster) while dismally failing in other departments (the sides and the starters). That's why it gets a 3-starred review.
5	Prime rib was huge and cooked to perfection. Cream corn au gratin as a side was delicious. A HUGE slice of NY Cheesecake finished the meal perfectly. Our waitress, Erica, was friendly and knowledgable. Perfectly attentive without being overbearing.
4	Went here for our anniversary. Was not a big fan of the hostess but not a big deal. Our server was super friendly and the food was great. I got the petite filet and tr flavor was great. Their house sauce was amazing. My boyfriend had the Ny steak that was also really good. The server recommended a great wine to go along with our steak. We had the spinach and au gratin for the sides. I really like how the spinach was cooked. The desert was just okay. Something you could get at any casual restaurant. Nothing too special
4	The bread basket is awesome. I love the prime rib. Flavorful and cooked perfectly. It can expensive so I try to go when there is a buy one get one free. I like the mrkt salad and the nut salad.
5	We were planning to go to the Paris tonight, but changed our minds and went to MRKT. I love this place! The waiters are awesome (Mo and Mike), the steaks are every bit as good as anything on the strip, and the price is right. On top of that, tonight they had awesome entertainment!! All within a mile of home:)
5	Amazing. I would have never guessed this place would be this nice and decadent inside Aliante Casino. To start the bread alone was amazing. We ordered the special, Australian lobster tail and Filet mignon with asparagus and mashed potatoes. Just walking in I was taken back by the decor and friendly and professional demeanor of the staff. Dinner for two with 1 alcoholic drink was $145. Id go back all the time if I could afford to. Live music was a plus.
2	MRKT, what to say about MRKT. How about this; "MRKT Sea & Land is a restaurant in search of an identity." I do not say this lightly, but this is really the case and it was quite apparent as the dining experience went alone.My wife and I decided to step out to a "Higher End" restaurant for our 2nd anniversary. We had $25 restaurant.com discount (knowing this bill would probably be about $100) so we felt like we could order freely without worrying about price. So armed we sallied forth.With the exception of "being given the eye" when we walked in the staff was on the whole polite and helpful. When things didn't quite work out they were very accommodating and understanding. The restaurant itself is well designed and inviting with a music track that is up-tempo without being too loud. The booths were not easy to get into and out of, but I call this a quirk. Lighting could have been a little more subdued to add to the "higher end" restaurant experience they were after, but again I call this a quirk of their choices. It did all add up to something I call "AKC" (more later) atmosphere, but it was easily handled.This restaurant has all the trappings of wanting to be a marquee 5 star restaurant but just does not know how to do it, and it was all the little things that gave them away. For example, when refilling our Iced Tea the server poured the tea over the table towards us, a no-no in fine dining. The second time I lifted my glass and set it away from me so the server should get the hint, but still he left the glass on the table and refilled the tea. But then he made another mistake and lifted the glass next to the rim and set in down in front of me. Oops. (Would you like to drink from a rim of a glass where the server just touched? Didn't think so.) It was not until later that our server (who was also tending bar) refilled our drinks correctly by lifting the glass by the base, filling it away from the table and returning back by the base. These kind of details were all missing from the experience.So let's talk about the food. My wife ordered the Prime Rib (16oz. cut), generous for the price of $25 and the Potatoes Au Gratin ($7 more). I order the Bone In Rib Eye (also 16oz.) for $38 and a simple Baked Potato (also $7 more). Obviously the ordering is all al-a-carte, something I personally do not like because I feel it is just a scam to up your bill. Also there ends up being so many plates on the table it interferes with the dining experience. When you are in a casino there are many kitchens, a dedicated kitchen for a specific restaurant and a more general kitchen for the hotel overall. Sometimes you can get crossover between kitchens and the taste can be reflected in the food. I think this was the case here. I feel like there was crossover because the recipes and preparation were so old school it left little to enjoy. Item by item: The Prime Rib was good but lacked any kind of real taste and had a huge piece of fat in the middle. (Yes, I know there is supposed to be an eye of fat, but this was at least 5oz.) So the Prime Rib was your standard buffet Prime Rib, a bit disappointing. The Potatoes Au Gratin were made with AMERICAN CHEESE AND THE POTATOES WERE INCIPIENTLY OVER COOKED. We sent it back and hope they get a better recipe for the future, not something from 1978. Now for the Rib Eye; I kinda asked for it I guess, I asked if the steak was aged or not. When the answer came back "it was fresh" I knew right there that there may be trouble. Indeed, as the steak cooled and I got to the center it became apparent this piece of meat had been frozen at some time. (If you are a steak lover you know what I mean as the texture of the steak become mealy. In fairness I do not know this to be fact, but in my opinion, and that is what matters here, it was frozen at some point.) For $38 I would hope for an aged steak, especially a Rib Eye that shines the longer it is aged. It was not 2 weeks ago that I had a 21 day aged Porter House and the flavor blew my head off it was so good, so I had something to compare it to. Are you seeing where I am heading here, this was fair food from a buffet, but NOT a restaurant looking to be something better.I say this with all the love from my heritage and totally tongue and cheek; "AKC" stands for Alter Kocker Certified. This is a restaurant that is primarily patronized by our senior citizens because the food is the same as it was in 1962 and generally does not challenge the diner. You know these establishments when you see them, and unfortunately MRKT is AKC in disguise; nothing challenging but nothing to make it noteworthy. The only thing outstanding when all is said and done is the price, and if they keep this cooking (not cuisine) they will not be around long.
4	Decor is absolutely beautiful! Love the fire tubes! The raisin bread in the assorted bread basket was sweet, chewy, crunchy and delicious. Summer salad with apples, goat cheese and candied walnuts was very fresh and light; calamari was very well seasoned and fried perfectly. Petite filet was juicy and had a delicious smokey flavor; creamy good mac & cheese; yummy grilled asparagus with a very light cream sauce. The cheese cake was really good- well of course it was, it was from the Carnegie Deli in NY, ha, ha (we had to go to Vegas for something we can get locally?!?). Server was friendly and attentive. Being from New York and having high culinary expectations, we were not disappointed, but not blown away either. Overall we really enjoyed ourselves :-)
5	Had a killer meal at MRKT. The atmosphere is fabulous, the steak amazing, the wine list extensive and the service impeccable.  The best part is the prices are reasonable and we will definitely be back.  We made reservations and were immediately shown to our table. The decor is beautiful and you would never know you were in a casino. The two of us enjoyed dinner, sides and a beautiful red wine for about $120, which is not too bad.Best steak I have had in Vegas and that includes the strip.  I would definitely tell people visiting, get off of the strip and really enjoy Vegas.
5	WARNING: THE RIB EYE SAUCE IS A HIGHLY ADDICTIVE SUBSTANCE!It should be illegal, then that way i won't have such easy access to it. but to my wallet--and my waistline's dismay, mi casa is only 5 minutes away from it. it use to be a once-a-week habit for me. heck, i was so popular there i was even on their FB page! Then some personal shtuff went down and i found myself having to pay for other neccessities such as toilet paper and medical bills, to name a few, and money for my rib-eye steak habit just kinda dwindled.now, i come to MRKT about once a month and i always order my bone-in rib eye with 2 thingies of the rib eye sauce. its great to pour over your side of mushrooms, asparagus, or just to drink straight-up. seriously, its that freakin' good!!a few other mentionables: Blue nut (tehe) saladLobster Bisque en Croute (sp)Pretzel BreadNew York Style Cheesecake--My NYer friend told me that this is true NY cheesecake b/c of the crust. it reminds me of the flakey stuff that chinese moon cake is made of.Anyhow, i like to sit at the bar and usually go on a Thurs night when the cute musician guy is playing. Abby is always wonderful and the managers and sometimes the chef will come around to make sure everything is good. which it always is for me, every time.
2	i've been a few times and it's really hit or miss.  The ambiance and food can be great, but the service is always pretty iffy.  And the time that they "accidentally" threw away about $200 worth of leftovers and only gave us one tiny steak to take home as an apology was pretty insulting.  It's too bad - could be a great spot if they could ever get it together.
3	My husband and I went here for the 1st time tonight. Service could have been a bit better but it definitely wasn't horrible. We ordered the scallops for our appetizer...honestly, I won't ever spend 10$ for 2 scallops again that tasted a bit under-cooked and didn't smell right. Chef Ramsay, save their scallops!! On an extremely good note though, their prime rib, mashed potatoes and Banana's Foster = simply delicious. Needless to say though, we won't be back for some time unless we have a big party with us. The way everything is served, it is not meant for 2 people.
4	Boy oh...oh boy... Everything here is yummy! The rib eye steak is so good and the Rib eye steak sauce is soooo goooood! The side dishes are amazing. My favorite side dish at the moment  is the corn au gratin wait staff is great. And the food is nice and hot
5	We went to mrkt for our anniversary.  My husband had the prime rib and I had the rib eye steak.  My husband enjoyed his meal, but when he tried my steak, he said he wished he would have ordered that!!!  The rib eye I ordered was huge to start with, and it was simply THE BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER ORDERED IN A RESTAURANT!!! It came with some sauce to have with it that SIMPLY MELTED IN YOUR MOUTH!! It was very tasty!! for the both of us our bill was $101 not including the tip we left.. but we had dessert also. Going out for a special meal like our anniversary, we try to go somewhere nice. Our waiter was very good at his job, and overall, we were very pleased with our meal and the service we received there. We do plan to go back for that delicious rib eye steak!!!
5	We have eaten here many times in the. Past and it has and still is a great place for steaks, seafood and wine!  Highly recommended!
5	Boy, the reviews have gone from one extreme to the other. We went to see Iron Man 3 at 4PM and planned on dinner afterwards. Since we were already at the casino we decided to eat at one of the restaurants there. We had an experience at one of them, the food was awful, but wanted more than a fast food dinner. As I live 5 minutes away and see the ads all the time, we went to MRKT. Have never been before and had not looked up any reviews so we were not swayed in our opinions.  Well, it was nice to get a good surprise after the last time we ate at a restaurant at the casino.  To start the service was excellent. We ordered drinks that you knew actually had alcohol in them. Seems that a lot of restaurants dont put much alcohol in their mixed drinks so you are paying for an expensive drink with very little alcohol. I ordered shrimp cocktail as an appetizer. Four huge shrimp with delicious sauce. My daughter ordered crab cakes which she said were the best she had ever had. I then ordered the salmon. The biggest piece of salmon I have ever had in a restaurant. Cooked to perfection. My daughter ordered prime rib that she could cut with her fork. We split mashed potatoes with garlic added. Perfect. The only bad thing I can say is that the dinner was so good that we didnt have any room for dessert and if it was as good as it looked going by on the dessert cart what can I say. Based on our experience we will be going back. Dont know about the other reviews???? Was nice to be able to walk into a restaurant not having any reservations and getting seated immediately and this was a Friday night. Cost of dinner $124 tip not included. Well worth it for a delicious meal.
2	So  I gave this place another shot since it's changed hands from Station Casinos to an independent owner/investment group.  The bar was was well stocked with patrons on a Wednesday night but the restaurant was really dead.  I thought we would be lucky to get in without a reservation but it was like a ghost town in the back.  The decor hasn't been changed but the menu and steak supplier has.      So as dead as this place was the service was still sketchy.  The hostess was nice but I don't understand the skimpy clothes, when she walked away I saw bottom biscuits.  I mean come on, I was with my family.  When we told our server we didn't need the wine menu they must have heard we didn't want anything to drink at all.  Beverages requests were taken after our food orders.  I was charged for a side I never received too.    The bread was the same as before but it was obviously old.  Seems like they changed the type of cheese in the mac and cheese too.  I kept meaning to ask if it was goat cheese, the whole thing just tasted kind of off.  I had the prime rib, hubs had the fillet mignon.  Good but not crave worthy.  Kind of boring with just a slab of meat seeing that the mac and cheese was not going to be eaten and the potatoes got lost in translation.  At least the Caesar salad was good and they were nice enough to split it up for us to share.  Took a good fifteen minutes to get my card back, and I was just happy to leave.
1	If you want a better steak then this place has to offer go to the grocery store and microwave one at home. Horrible liquid smoke taste and horrible cuts and the side were just as horrible. Also the service is even worst we walked in and no one was there so we walked to the back to see if the place was even open then we greeted by the hostess (who was sitting at the bar) and asked if they were open and she said ummmm.... ya we are open till 10 (it was 8) then to top it off we had a server named Mike and he was not helpful at all and not a very pleasant person to deal with. Wayy over priced!!
3	Break basket was really good.  Steak was meh.  My girlfriend didn't like her beer and when she asked if she could have a glass of wine instead our server seemed as if she would faint.  Was a fine experience.  I probably wouldn't eat here again though.
5	My husband and I eat here at LEAST once a month. I have never had anything I didn't like. Pork chop was phenomenal! I usually have filet, it's wonderful. Asparagus is a must, capachio appetizer, baked sweet potato..... just go there, ask for Cristalynn. Great service with her-
5	The food was delicious. We had the scallops. They were just scallops with some sauce on the side but these scallops were just delicious by themselves. The buffalo shrimps were the winner of the night though. These scrimps were covered in really good buffalo hot sauce that I can still taste them until this day. The drinks were a little light but throughout the night they kept getting stronger. I guess the staff notice that I was still sober after drinking that much. The lady that was singing and playing the music was just awesome. She played so good I couldn't get her voice out of my head because she sang so beautiful and she had an awesome attitude. There was three older guys who kept trying to speak over her so that wasn't pleasant for me or anyone else as I could see the crowd looking at these numskulls. They kept trying to hit on the poor bartender but good thing they left right away after I got there because they were definitely ruining the ambiance.
4	I gave this 4 stars for the service.... The food... A bit on the bland side... We asked the waiter for extra cocktail sauce n he ended up ordering another appetizer lol... But hey it's my birthday I'm not gonna let this ruin my day :) overall great service!!!! But so so food :)
1	Had a 6:00 pm reservation and let them know that I was attending an 8:00 pm concert in the hotel. Service was terrible. We didn't receive our salads and soups until 6:55 and our entrees didn't come until 7:35. The steaks came rare which is not  what was ordered and the shrimp was way overcooked. This place is way too expensive for such crappy service and food.
4	My husband and I were on the prowl for a nice place to eat, and we literally stumbled upon MRKT, which is located in the Aliante Casino in North Las Vegas.We were extremely impressed with the service, everyone was very nice. Prices were very reasonable considering the upscale atmosphere of the restaurant. Our server was nice and answered all of our questions about the different offerings.The food was great, cooked exactly to order. With all of the amazing restaurants in Las Vegas, this one definitely held it's own against all of the competition. We'll be back!
4	I liked this place.  It was filled so I sat at the bar for dinner.  I noticed immediately how friendly everyone was.  The atmosphere was great. The servers were attentive. It seemed everybody knew everybody--it was like a local "cheers" hangout with really good food.  Maybe I hit it on a good night, but it was festive and fun.I had the whitefish, which was a very nice, fresh chunk of halibut.  They prepare it anyway you want it: pan seared, grilled, etc.  Mine was cooked perfectly.   The sides are ordered separately. I had the green beans and the portion was enough for two. Cooked firm--the way I like it.A little pricey, but it is a nice restaurant. My bill for the halibut, beans, and 3 Stella's was around $50.  I will likely go back.
5	Hand down the best restaurant in N. Las Vegas. Our server, Mo, is always very friendly and attentive. You can't go wrong with the macaroni and cheese and the asparagus for sides, and the wedge and goat cheese/beet salads are delicious! I usually order a filet (great!), although one time I did order the chicken and dumplings, but go ahead and skip those, they weren't anything to write home about. Tip: Go ahead and order extra pretzel bread before they even set the bread basket down, you'll probably eat your weight in it.
5	I really love this place and will miss it now that I have moved.  The staff is always very polite and helpful.  I have never left there complaining about the food or service.  Breads are great, wines excellent, and mixed drinks strong.  The prime rib is out of this world and all degrees of doneness seem to be available always.  I'm not a fan of a la cart menus but the food and service make it worth going.  Be prepared to spend some money here though.
5	High quality dining with perfect service. I have been here twice and the food is very good. Most recent visit was on valentines day. I had scallops and mushrooms, My scallops were cooked perfectly! My boyfriend ordered the jumbo fried shrimp and mashed potatoes. Shrimp was slightly overcooked. Potatoes are rich and creamy. Sides are large enough for sharing. Pretzel bread is delicious too. Caesar salad is good and fresh and a large serving also enough for sharing.
5	We have been here a couple of times before this, and it has always been a great experience.. Both my husband and I ordered the ribeye steak, it is huge!! We order them done differently and both of our steaks were cooked perfectly!! My husband ordered the hash browns  for his side, and there was plenty there for sharing. My husband ordered the cheesecake for desert, i tried a taste and it is delicious!!  I ordered the chocolate cake, it was simply sinful!!! I will order that again, definitely!!!  We love the fireplace wall they have in this restaurant!!  It is a very nice place to dine.. People come in there dressed up and people come in there in their blue jeans also... The service has always been very good. The bread they give you while you are looking over the menu is very tasty and warm, they serve it with butter.  It is a little spendy, but worth it!! You get very large servings and everything I have ever had there has been delicious!!!!
5	Dined here twice during our stay at Aliante. Both experiences were great. We had great service. And the food was very good. We tried the crab cakes (not easy to find good crab cakes) & they were fantastic, full of crab not bread filler. The cioppino was also very good & plenty for 2 people to share. Love the bread basket of sourdough & pretzel bread with whipped butter. And $8-10 for good, strong drinks.
1	Sat with my wife for 30 minutes without drinks. Menu looks good and while expensive, it wasn't unreasonable. 2 other patrons stormed out while we waited... there were maybe 4 tables seated. Walked out. No wonder why it was empty.
4	Went to Mrkt Tuesday night, late around 10. Dinner area was already closed and I didn't have reservations. The bartender (who was closing) still let me and my gf sit at the bar and order dinner. She was so helpful! I had the 16oz prime rib and she had the filet steak and lobster tail. Both were cooked to perfection and so tender. The drinks were great and the bartender (Emily) was extremely nice and helpful. The only thing that could of made this better was sitting in the dinning area. Next time I'll be on time!
5	Just classic old school Las Vegas fine dining and service. You feel important without being smothered. Excellent prepared quality food. Excellent service from *Mo.
5	The steaks here are excellent!!!  I have been going here for a few years for dinner.  The bone in ribeye and the filet have great flavor.  The appetizers and sides are great too.  Michael is an excellent server and the rest the staff a great job too. Enjoy!!!!!
5	I saw the menu and really wanted to give it a try. The bar had some individuals there but the back was kind of empty. Although it did full up later. Lynn was our waitress and she was more than pleasant. Very attentive and just very sweet and helpful. Everything that was ordered was applauded. I had the surf and turf. I will be back for sure. Give it a whirl, they won't let you down.
3	So my family and I ate here for dinner on a Saturday night. I liked how it was very spacious on the inside and it was not crowded so a party of 8 plus a child was accommodated rather quickly. They serve complimentary bread, which according to my family was very delicious. They serve a small menu so each dish is cooked to perfection right? WRONG! Apparently they are only able to do that with 7 out of 8 dishes. My family ordered Steaks, and Salmon which according to them were very good. I was the only one who ordered the Shrimp Scampi, and the one who had the worst dish. The shrimp was cold and flavorless and the rice pilaf was cold and dry. The server ended up taking it back and having it redone. Our server even commented that the 2nd plate she brought out even looked a lot better. At this point I'm wondering why she even brought me the first plate if it looked so bad?? For $28 for a few shrimp and a scoup of pilaf I did not think I would have this kind of issue. There were no comps or apology from management for this incident. The plate ended up tasting just OK, it was nothing worth recommending. On the plus side our server was friendly. I MIGHT consider eating here again but I would definitely not go out of my way to come here, so they get an OK rating.
5	Great Steak and Seafood here!! Pricey, but you get what you pay for! This is Vegas, the one thing you DON'T Want to gamble with, is your food/health. Don't take the risk of a huge buffet (with stale seafood, or worse!) I never worry about getting sick eating here, very upscale and quiet. Fresh bread served with your drinks and the Chop Salad is great!! I had the Chicken Dumpling Soup (last time) because I didn't feel very well and it was delicious!! My boyfriend and I always look forward to eating a nice dinner here when we're in Vegas (Aliante Hotel) and it's always been wonderful.
2	Service excellent.  Food is below average, mostly due to very inconsistent meat temperatures.  When you pay these prices for steaks, you have an expectation of accurate meat temps.  The sauce that goes with the ribeye is fantastic.
4	I love this place.  Its very elegant without making you feel the need to get really dressed up.  The steak is so good and their sauce they give you with the steak---AMAZING!!! I normally get the bone in ribeye with a Cesar salad and a baked potato.  Stella is normally my beer of choice.  They also do a happy hour which is good too.  Sit at the bar and hang out or get a table.... either way the food will leave you satisfied.
5	Been here four times in past few months!! Service is great, food is great!!! Skip the Charcoal room at Santa Fe ! the Market is 100 times better for both food and service!Scallops, salads, steak, fried chicken delicious. I have not had dessert yet!!!
4	This place is wonderful! My boyfriend talked me into going her after a movie to try the place out. We wanted steak but wasn't sure about what to order. Our server was a delight! She was informative, patient and had a great sense of humor. We order the ribeye steaks with murshrooms and asparagus, these steaks were hugh and delicious, it melted in your mouth! This was a terrific end to a great evening! We will be back with friends very soon!
2	We decided to plan a family Birthday here, made reservations with their great online system. Our group of 5 and were seated promptly at a good table. Only 6 other tables, so we were expecting the best. Nope. Server was great and first off we ordered a round of shots for the Birthday boy, this took 10 minutes. No biggie. She finally came back and we ordered appetizers, Seafood platter and 2 Roast Beet Salads. This seemed to take forever again. Finally after 40 minutes she returned and took dinner orders. More bread baskets, more drinks, no bus service, dirty dishes stacking up. After 1 hour and 40 minutes, meals finally came out, 2 of were plated wrong, watched as the server removed a Lobster Tail off one plate and relocate to another. After the confusion of trying to convince the food runners who ordered what, we were set. I ordered the French Onion soup, was very good. Also had the Filet, which was good too. Wifey had the Prime Rib and hers was good as well. Our friend had the Petit Lobster tail. It was cooked down to mush. Sent back. Our Son had the Surf n Turf. Steak was good, jumbo Lobster Tail was raw in the middle, sent back. Another 15 minutes, they brought back the Lobsters, the small one was perfectly cooked, Jumbo was of course still raw and cold in the center...we were running on 2 hours by this time and he just ate the cooked parts. The Manager made an apology and comped the Lobsters. So felt a little better. But if I'm dropping 500 bucks for dinner, kinda hoping for just a little better then Outback Steakhouse and Glacier slow service. Won't be back.
2	Two stars for the nice decor and that's about it. We ordered the fried shrimp and prime rib. Neither had ANY flavor. The service was ok. The waiter seemed irritated that I asked about the menu prior to ordering. The place was pretty empty on a Saturday night. That should've been a red flag. I wouldn't dine here again.
3	We wanted steak and didn't want to leave the hotel, so we had dinner here. There was a singer in the bar that sounded good. But he quit at 9 and we arrived at 8:55 so not much to hear. The hostest  Sat US Quickly  AND We Checked Out The  menu. We had the calimary it was a large  portion, a little greasy  but good and then our entries  arrived. My wife had prime rib and said it was good but two large of a portion  for her. Her baked potatoe was very big it was a la cart. I had the tuna seared it was huge and unseasoned. The staff was very nice but untrained for a 40.00 a plate restaurant.  For the money I'd rather dine elseware.
3	Absolutely atrocious service! Had a reservation for 9:15pm. Sat at 9:30pm. Waiter didn't ask for drink order for 20 minutes. Then cam back after we were sat 45 minutes and asked if we wanted appetizers. While eating them he said we needed to hurry since the kitchen would be closing soon. The couple next to us complained of the same issues. The 3 stars are for the food. Very good. Go if you're ok with a 3 hour dining experience.
