2	I went in for a brow wax at the Shea/Tatum center, after receiving a "free" coupon in the mail. I was a little puzzled by the experience. They claimed to use a different type of wax that doesn't burn; However, I did burn with some small blisters. The wax girl was flustered by this, but hydrocortisone cream does wonders and this didn't concern me too much.The pushy salesgirl was very annoying. "You received a FREE wax, we expect customers to like our services and want to return." As I refused her offers of multiple-visit purchases, she became more and more pushy. "We are extremely busy and may not be able to accommodate customers without packages. You'd better purchase now before you get locked out of the schedule." A great deal, indeed, but I'm not sure how this place will be able to survive. There are 1000 other places in Phoenix that do comparable work.Very nice facilities, beautiful decor.
5	I just had my 1st EWC experience and can not be any happier. This is only my 2nd Brazilian and he 1st one was done in a very nice spa with a highly recommended professional, the traditional strip wax way. It was really very painful for me and it took a couple of days with antibiotic (recommended by them) to reduce the redness, pain, burning & itching. This is the OLD way ladies..... The hard wax was totally different. I did feel a little bit if pain, but nothing compared to the 1st time (strip wax). Definitely try this one if you are hesitant and afraid it will hurt. It will, but not nearly as much as the traditional old way. The girl t the front desk was really super nice and did not fuss about me being a few minutes late (although I was being late due to being turned around in the huge plaza, should have asked where exactly they are when I made the appointment if I knew how big it is). She did not try to sell me anything , booked my next appointment quickly and talked to me about their programs and a few of their products. Not pushy by any means. The girl - Alyssa - who did my Brazilian was very nice as well, very professional and friendly. She did a great job - Thank you Alyssa!!! Had no pain or rash, or burning afterwords and could not be happier. Will definitely go back!!! They do have some really great specials on Facebook and also on the radio (104.7). I had my Brazilian done for $19.50 and 40% off products (FB special offer). And they do have a small area (like eyebrows) to try for free - look on their website. Try them - you will like them :)...
5	I had my first bikini wax here. I was really nervous but Katie was really nice and did a great job. I have been back many times for eyebrows and will continue to get bikini waxes.
4	I had waxing done by Erica all throughout my pregnancy.  She made me feel comfortable and was very professional.  There IS something different about the wax or method they use at EWC because it was significantly less painful than any other waxing I have had done elsewhere- not to say is was enjoyable- because it still hurt.  Unfortunately, they are a bit pushy at the front desk about trying to sell packages and products.
4	It's really hit or miss with the people at European Wax Center. The thing you need to do is find one person that does the waxing you like and then never lose them. Until you find that one person, things can be a bit hairy (hehe--sorry). I get my eyebrows waxed pretty consistently but for 9 months of the year I'm in Tucson and the other 3 I'm in Scottsdale, so I actually have 2 girls who I trust. Unfortunately, when I came back to Scottsdale in late May I found out my normal girl in Scottsdale no longer worked there. I was devastated. I really thought we had a good thing going on. With no other options, I was forced to try seeing new people. The first 2 girls I saw were...let's say, not my style. I've found that if I don't like their eyebrows then I probably won't like mine when they're done with them. Sometimes I just want to have all the aestheticians line up and look at their eyebrows. I finally found someone new and I couldn't be happier. I will continue to go to European Wax Center and visit my girls:  Whitney and Crystal
3	I recently visited EWC for the first time. It was a little later in the evening and they got me in right away to see someone. They have this promotion that your first visit you get a free eyebrow wax, underarm wax or bikini wax so I got my eyebrows waxed for free. The girl did a good job on them they actually look nicer than they ever have. It was as painless as waxing can be painless. The hard wax vs. the strips is much easier on the skin. It was just sort of... mechanical. It took just a few minutes to do everything and it was very in and out the door type thing. So, if you are looking for the "spa experience" with some pampering and chit chat this probably isn't the place to go. If you are looking for a quick, cheap alternative to that EWC is a good place to go.
5	Clean, friendly and exceptional job.  Plus they make you feel really comfortable.  The hard wax is much easier and less painful than strips.
5	I had a WONDERFUL experience. I called around 1:40 looking for an appointment for a brazilian and I was able to be seen my Rachael at 2:30. I showed up a few minutes and I was immediately greeted by the woman at the front desk (who was extremely nice and not pushy whatsoever). Rachael was out in minutes, and she took me back to the room right away. The procedure was extremely quick and painless, and there was never a moment when I felt uncomfortable. I did not receive from the front desk girl while checking out... I mean she tried to sell me a package of appointments, but the girl is just doing her job. To be honest, I would have bought a package but I'll be moving in a month and there is no location where I'll be. I would definitely go back
2	Nice place,  clean, quiet, quasi European looking; very nice staffWent in to have my lower face waxed, chin and lip area only.  When I got home and grabbed the magnifying mirror  I could feel the hair.  I was stunned to see the same few hairs waving Hi in the mirror. I tweezed a couple of them because I had to be in the public eye in a few.I went back the next day and told them the issue. They were very polite and got me back in within 15 min.     But then the catch from the "waxer" to the waxee : )I was told that your lower face has different areas, the little strip called above your lips,the tiny little area spot called below your lip and then the chin area?   You want all three done its $30. for a very small portion of your face and 8 min. of your timeAmbiance is nice , push on product sale heavy, expensive and average on what I had done.
5	Clean, professional, and very fast.  Could not be more impressed.
1	do not go to the girl with blonde hair and tattoos down the back of her biceps. my eyebrows are FUCKED up now... she completely butchered them. i have never written a review on yelp until now. i am so pissed. i'm not a vain person, but i've had some difficulties with my eyebrows in the past and now i am screwed and it will probably take months for this to grow back, if it even does.  AWESOME. never going there again.
5	I love getting my eyebrows waxed here! It is always clean. I feel like for a little bit more I would rather come here and know its clean and sanitary instead of going to your nail salon and paying a little bit less. I love that you make an appointment so you know your not going wait 20 minutes to get your eyebrows waxed. Also everyone here is friendly!
1	First off, my friend and I arrived ten minutes early for the 11:15 appointment. The front staff harassed us several times about "being on time" and their "late policy" as if we could not comprehend what they were saying. They put my name, phone numbers, and email wrong in the computer system and blamed me for their mistake. Talk about great customer service for my first experience at this European Wax Center.Second, they finally called me back to my Brazilian appointment after having to wait 10 minutes past my appointment time. The lady was nice and made me comfortable, but when you say "Brazilian" you're supposed to be completely bare, right? WRONG. Not at European Wax Center. She didn't even remove all the hairs, and not just the baby hairs, but thick, coarse hair that definitely should have been removed. There was wax still left all over the area and wax was even on my shirt.Finally, when I went to pay at the counter, they practically FORCED me to buy their products and harassed me until I finally gave in to buy a serum. Then, they continued to push the packages on me. Luckily since this was my first service, the Brazilian was half off. Needless to say, I will NEVER be coming back to European Wax Center. I would much rather get my money's worth on a Brazilian.
5	I had a great experience. As a dude, it's weird getting waxed but I had Tanya and she was great. She was very professional and made me feel comfortable. The place is really clean and worth the money. One of my other friends referred me to this place and Tanya.  She is hard to get an appointment with but worth the wait. I will be back for sure.
5	I recently had an appt with Tanya at European Wax Center.  She was great and my brows were amazing.  I will always rebook with Tanya!  I tell all my friends about EWC and Tanya!
2	I used to go to them for eyebrow waxes and their techs really do a great job but am seriously tired of trying to be upsold every time I go there. I just want my eyebrows waxed from time to time; do not feel the need to pay them hundreds of dollars up front  just to prepay for a years' worth of waxes. I've decided to take my business elsewhere.
1	WORST eyebrow wax I have ever had. I believe the tech's name was Logan but left in shock. My eyebrows were completely off making my face look crooked. After this horrible result, I had to go to makeup artist for them to fill them in. Several people have noticed and commented about them. Will NEVER give them business again.
