4	There was no wait when we got there at 6:30 on a Friday night, which was great. It's a fun atmosphere. We got the dinner for 2 deal, $30 for and appetizer and two entrees. The spinach dip was delicious, and the pulled pork sandwiches were really big portions. My husband ate the whole thing, I maybe ate a third (it was a little spicy for me but I tend to like sweeter BBQ). Overall we would go back.My hubby says for the BBQ enthusiast it would be a 4 star, for me it was probably a 3 star when I compare to other places we've spent $30 for two.
2	The only reason I came here because my cousin wanted to eat here. We were very disappointed in their staff. We had a total of 12 people and they knew but only had a seating for 8. We Had to drag a table and 2chairs on our own. And when the last two people came, their staff said it was not going to be possible for all of us to sit together. So then we had to split our party and they didn't even bother to help move our food over. My cousin also said it took 15 minutes to get her drink. I asked for extra napkins and after 10 minutes of waiting my boyfriend just went to go grab extra napkins on his own.I had a buffalo chicken sandwich which was good. I give them 2 stars for that. But very disappointed in our server's services. Not to mention their garage for parking does not seem very safe.
3	Monday night ate at an outside table to watch the people circus on the strip.  Brisket sandwich was good but not great.  Service was good.Rather pricey but that's to be expected.  $78 with tip for 2 with sandwiches/fries and 1 beer each.
4	A little pricey for what you get, but that's to be expected on the strip.  Came here for lunch, and the service was good.  The burger and fries were quite good, even though I was expecting a little larger portion size.  It is Vegas right?  Overall, it was a good eating experience, and I would definitely opt for it over a few of the casinos.
4	I really loved this place the first timeI came here and I am excited to have some good cheap BBQ. Both times I haven't had to wait, plus. I am ordering the same thing again, southern fried chicken and it is delicious!! Give it a try. I think the service is great, however, sinceI have worked in the food industry, I give respect and I expect to receive it back. No complaints on service, food, or wait time! The waiters are ewry helpful if you want to know what a certain item is. Give it a go for yourself and see if this rockin place is for you!
4	As a fan of BBQ, I saw their neon sign out front that said "Best Best BBQ in Vegas" ... so I had to try it. Not bad!GREAT atmosphere ... their American flag comprised of chains was incredible ... as was their motorcycles climbing the wall on a chairlift like assembly line. Impressive. As for the food? Pretty good! I had the trio sliders to sample the brisket, pork, etc. I'd recommend it ... and great sauce too! Oh ... and no wait either on a Saturday night.
2	Don't go here if you want an authentic Harley shirt as you'll be disappointed. They sell Harley Davidson Cafe t-shirts.
