5	Quite possibly my best experience shopping in a store!  Not even including the great quality of the suits, my experience based on customer service alone will have me coming back whenever I'm in town!  Jessie and Leor were absolutely phenomenal and made me feel at ease and, better yet, excited going into this new modern style.  They were professional, knowledgable about all their products and, offered honest feedback.  I'll admit that many of their suits are definitely on the fitted side so the look would benefit from men who are more in shape; however, the store offers a wide range of fits and styles so are meant to compliment the body regardless of physique.  Also, not only do the suits look great on, the freedom of movement allowed is what truly makes these suits amazing!  The cut of the armholes is higher than any suit I've ever seen or worn and is the reason behind this wide range of motion.  I experienced minimal (certainly less than I've ever experienced before) lift at the shoulders when swinging and raising my arms around.  The in-house tailoring also can take care of any other fit issues no matter how minor  - I'm a bit of a fit perfectionist, hah!  Lastly, the quality of the fabrics are exceptional and come from the finest Italian mills.  All in all, an absolutely wonderful suit-shopping experience.  I ended up spending 2 hours there buying 2 suits and never even noticed the time flying by.  Definitely worth stopping by if your in need of a new suit.  I only wish they had a store here in LA!  Ahh well, just another reason to come to Vegas!  Mwahaha!
5	I don't think enough good things can possibly be said about the Suitsupply staff. I showed up on a Saturday morning with a suit that I'd purchased from their online store asking about alterations and not only did Zakary and the other staff happily answer my questions, they discussed a few different viewpoints on style, answered all my questions AND got all of my alterations taken care of in just a few hours. When I mentioned that I just happened to be in town for the weekend everyone worked to make sure that I was  able to walk out with my perfectly tailored suit just a few hours later.In short, some of the best service I've ever had and a great looking suit to boot!
5	Friendly, knowledgable staff + great quality suits at reasonable prices. The value here is tremendous as you are getting a high quality suit for a fraction of what it would cost at most other high-end boutiques.I will say that the shoes/shirts/pants and other accessories are pretty comparable in price and it is worth to shop around to find exactly what you want. Either way, you are getting a quality product.I bought 2 suits here and couldn't be happier. Looking forward to being a customer for a very long time.
5	Bought a down winter jacket last year from this Suitsupply location. It was my first exposure to the Suitsupply brand and it was a terrific one. The store employees were helpful and eager to answer and assist in any way, but without being pushy or trying to close a sale. Really liked the down jacket they had but did not want to run around vegas with a shopping bag and the hotel was not exactly close. Store held the only medium for me.When I returned to purchase the jacket, price came up as $999 but recall seeing it at $699. Mentioned it. Store manager immediately admitted there was a pricing error and the jacket should be $999 but he would honour the $699. No argument, no change in attitude. Made me feel like a valued customer the entire way.Definitely going to stop by and purchase more items next time I stop by Vegas. Good products, great value, amazing customer service. No wonder they're opening up stores everywhere. High end stores have much to learn from Suitsupply.
