5	We showed up here randomly for a lovely Valentine's day dinner.  And by randomly, I mean we actually tried to get into the Italian place next door first, and they were like "You? No reservations? SHA!!!!!!!!!"And boy am I glad we got that attitude.Saba's was great! Uncrowded and perfect on such a hectic reservation night. The type of place that if you drop your utensils, you shrug and dive in face first, nom-nom style, and only come up for air.In the course of this noshing, I somehow managed to... fling an olive, a lovely huge fresh olive, onto the floor.  One of the owners basically caught it, and smilingly came over.  He told a story about how one time, many years ago, he was trying to stab an olive from a plate of many with a fork and just couldn't quite get it.  One of his elders came over, stabbed one expertly, and winked and said "you just tired them out for me".
5	This is our old stand-by place.  We stumbled on this place as we were buying our house and were driving around the area.  We found ourselves hungry and ducked into Saba's which is located in a small shopping plaza in Carefree.  The decor is not particularly noteworthy but we were just wanting to grab a quiet and casual meal.  While the restaurant itself is rather nondescript, the food is DELICIOUS.  The portions are extremely generous and flavorful.  I highly recommend getting one of the sampler platters for an appetizer so that you can try a bit of everything.  I myself am a huge fan of the falafel.  I seriously could eat it every day.  The lamb shank and the gyro are out of this world and the pita is homemade daily.The family that owns Saba's are salt of the earth people who truly take pride in the meals that they serve.  They go out of their way to make sure that you are pleased with your meal.  If you are up in the Carefree area and want a fresh, flavorful meal in a casual and friendly atmosphere then Saba's is your place.
4	Excellent service, VERY friendly, food was excellent, wine by the glass selection was good. A good, all round Turkish dinner.  Lot's of paprika used with both of our dishes.
4	Really yummy greek / middle eastern food out in Carefree, Arizona.  I was staying at the Boulders Resort and had a craving for falafel.  This place was 5 mins drive from the hotel, and is located near the Spanish Village shopping area.  The falafel platter was very good!!  Falafels were crisp on the outside, moist on the inside and flavorful - lots of fresh garlic.  It came with a nice tahini sauce, grilled veggies, pita, and basmati rice.  I was super pleased with my meal.  Authentic mediterranean food.  It wasn't cheap per se, about $16 for my dinner platter but you get a lot and everything was high quality.   If you're in the area, go here!
4	Yum Yum Yum. If you get a chance you gotta try there spankapito. Great place!
4	We stopped in here recently while driving around the Carefree area.  It's quiet and quaint, the service is good, and the food was tasty.  Portions were ample, which was nice.  I wasn't terribly hungry so my husband and I split a lamb kebob and appetizer combo platter.  My son had a gyro kid meal.  The lamb was a tad overdone.  My son't gyro was very tasty.  And off the combo platter, the baba ghanoush was lick-the-plate deeeelicious.  The price point was a tad high, but not unexpected in this area.
4	Hubby and I wanted a quickie lunch, no fuss, no muss, so we headed over to Saba's Mediterranean in Carefree.  It had been eons since we ate here, at least two or three years ago.  I remembered fondly the gyro sandwiches.  It's satisfying to know that this little restaurant can still please even the most fussy gyro fan!  It was a different gyro than I remembered, this time with beautifully warmed and toasted pita bread.  At first, it looked like a lot of shredded lettuce, but then after a couple of bites, I hit upon the tender and well-seasoned gyro meat.  The tzaziki sauce was so creamy, I had to ask for more.   It is quite the sandwich.  My hubby had to finish it for me.  Hubby had the kofta sandwich which was equally as flavorful and hefty in portion.  We had the most unique waiter I think we've ever had in any dining out experience.  I asked him where he was from originally (he had an interesting accent -- a little European but sounded Australian -- and he said he was pretty much a nomad who picked up bits and pieces from his travels.  He proceeded to carry on some interesting conversation with us and the other folks dining . . . most of which was historical and philosophical and went way over my head!  But, he was amusing, charming, and great entertainment!We won't wait so long to go back!
3	Went here for lunch and had the kafte sandwich stuffed in a puffed pita.  The sandwich was very tasty but I thought it was a bit pricey.The service was VERY attentive - my waiter almost ran to the kitchen when he heard orders ringing for pick up.I will have to go back and see what other meals they have, but I think the food would be good.  It's just pricey for what you get.  That is why I am giving it a 3 star rather than 4 star - value for the money.
1	I decided to go in after I saw a "lunch specials" sign out front by the road. The menu said nothing about lunch specials and when I asked the waiter/manager what the lunch specials were he said "ahh well whatever you order I will be sure to make it extra special". I ordered a chicken gyro which was $8 on the menu (overpriced to begin with). The gyro came out and there was nothing special about it. It tasted ok but was not made with a fresh pita. When the bill came it had nothing special done to it, it was still 8$. I had to ask where my lunch special was and the waiter took the bill back and went to his terminal and printed out another bill with 10% off. Wow, some special. Nothing like getting lied to to make someone feel special. I will not go back to this restaurant based on the misleading false advertising and the lie that I would get something special. Don't waste your time or money on a place like this.
5	I've been by this place many times, but didn't stop in until after reading the reviews here.  I was missing out!I am a fan of the yogurt/cucumber dip.  But I'd never had it with fried pita bread.  I could have stopped there, it was so good, especially on a hot summer day.I had the beef pita sandwich, again, the fresh pita bread was outstanding.  The beef was so tender, just melted in my mouth.  I've seen other reviewers say they felt the meal was expensive.  I say, for the quality and quantity of what you get, it's well worth every penny.I'm going back.  I'm craving the pita bread!
4	We tried this place after reading the reviews on Yelp.  They have a cute waiting area and it was a very clean restaurant.  The service was fast and the food was fresh.  I love the homemade pita bread for the gyros.  The combo sampler was a great recommendation by the waiter as it gave us the chance to try a little bit of everything.We will be going back and sitting outside when the weather is a bit cooler.
3	Ordered spanikopita and Greek salad. Spanny was doughy and Greek salad lacked a kick. Unlike any Greek I'd had before. Not going back.
4	Good overall with excellent Greek salad and falafel.  A couple of the main dishes that I had were very good as well.  Service has always been swift and friendly though we tend to take-out more often than dine in.  I do wonder why there are never many people there, however.
5	After months of saying "we should try that place one day" as we walk into Carefree Station, we finally gave it a try! Because it was 3:30 in the afternoon on a Thursday (when a lot of other places are closed between meals or offering only the "bar menu"), we were the only ones there. Service was great. The waiter (owner?) even turned on the tv over the bar and put on cartoons for the kids. We had the Saganaki for starters. It was a bit too much of a "stinky cheese" kinda cheese for me (I stick to mozzerella, goat cheese, and feta). But, the cheese lovers at our table were practically licking the pan. We all shared the Feta Cheese Salad. The pita pockets that you got to stuff were a hit. I could just eat the stuff with a spoon. I had the chicken gyro. It was FULL of well seasoned chicken. With yogurt sauce dripping down my hands, I ate, shared, and ate some more. Hubby had the World Famous Gyro and said it's the most authentic flavored gyro he'd had in years (since DC). The kids just had "kid food" when they weren't eating ours. My picky one who only eats fries and chips at restaurants (and, who often won't even eat the fries...yes, she's THAT picky) gave the fries her stamp of approval. I didn't think it was too pricey...especially if you're just getting a gyro for lunch. In Cave Creek/Carefree where you often pay $12+ for a burger, an $8 gyro with a TON of meat isn't bad!
5	Amazing meditation food.  Nice atmosphere music and wonderful service.  We'll be back for sure!
2	Once again, I find myself stunned by the difference in my experience and that of other reviewers.   There is no way this was even a three star experience for our company of three.  Saba's is a pretty restaurant, but that's where the good review ends.We arrived at dinner time on a Sunday.   I can't say that we felt very welcomed.  There was one large table of customers and one small booth, so the restaurant was not very busy.   I had the feeling that the large table may have been family.   They received all the attention of the staff, leaving us feeling as though we'd crashed a private event.   We had to wait for someone to seat us while being studiously ignored by the staff that was in the restaurant when we arrived.   There's nothing worse to me than knowing that someone is aware of your presence,  but won't even look in your direction .  A smile, a quick "someone will be with you", any acknowledgement is so much better than being obviously ignored.   It's not as though the restaurant was full.The service was ok.  Although we ordered a sharing platter for appetizers, we had to ask for extra plates. The ordering process was disjointed, the host asked us for our drink order as an afterthought, and then forgot to bring them.  We found the food to be pretty bland.   The hummus and eggplant were completely unseasoned.  For the first time ever in a Mediterranean restaurant we added salt, due to the lack of acid in the preparation.   It's probably a good thing that we weren't crazy about the appetizer platter, since it was pretty sparse.   The saganaki arrived with none of the usual fanfare, or flavor.  It was just a salty crusty overcooked piece of cheese that hardened into a tough and chewy texture more like a jerky than anything else.  The fattoush salad was also low on seasoning.   No kick whatsoever.    I have no idea what they used to dress the salad, but it just wasn't very good.   I was very disappointed, since fatthoush is usually one of my favorites.  This one just seemed slick with flavorless dressing.   The same for the dolmas, which had a dubious texture and very little flavor.   I think  the chef could use an introduction to that lovely assistant known as a lemon. The spanikopita and tsatsiki were pretty good and the chicken kabob platter that included attractive looking grilled vegetables was nicely cooked, but also no seasoning.    Although we only ordered appetizers, salad and one entree between 3 of us, we left a lot of food on the plates.    We were scouting the area prior to a re-location, but Saba's will not be one of the spots we'll be looking forward to revisiting.
3	Whenever I see a lunch special sign in Carefree, I nearly crash my car trying to turn in. Sitting outside this charming looking restaurant with a large water fountain out front is just that - a lunch special sign. Waiting inside, however, were no lunch specials. So, if you choose to dig your teeth into their World Famous Gyro sandwich, you're going to pay about $11 bucks. Not terribly expensive, but not special. What WAS special about Saba's is the very attentive waiter who looked like he was handling everything from greeting, cooking to toilet cleaning (I hope not during my visit). He did it all with a smile on his face. However, that just meant my quick lunch turned into an hour lunch - take away points for that.When I did get my piping hot World Famous Gyro sandwich, I was pleasantly surprised. The pita sandwich wrap is like a mixture of sourdough and pizza crust with a Mediterranean twist. Delicious! They also served an extra side of Tzatziki sauce and lots of tender meat overflowing out of the gyro - add the point back.Overall, I will go back to Saba's to try other dishes. But with the long wait, fairly expensive prices for lunch and dinner, I'm going to wait till I have more time. And more money in my wallet.
4	Still very good.  It's been probably 5+ years since I've eaten here, and it was actually better than I remember.Had the appetizer platter #2, and a lamb pita, really good flavor on everything.Prices were decent.Service was very good.Hope to get back sooner than last time!
5	Stopped in for lunch in Carefree after reading Yelp reviews and recommends. It did not disappoint! I ordered the gyro and it was by far the best gyro I have ever had! - and I consider myself well traveled and trusting of the local fare. The delicious meats and dressings were stuffed inside a fresh pita pocket, thin and lightly toasted, not doughy or stale. Normally my gyro contents are hard to keep contained and end up being eaten with a fork on my plate. This pocket method kept everything together until the last bite and eaten as the flavors were intended. I cannot say enough about how perfect this gyro was in my opinion. The meat, the veggies, the sauces, all were in the right proportions. My only regret was not taking a photo before I devoured my meal but I highly recommend to anyone visiting Carefree on a lazy weekend!
5	Food is always fresh and devious !  One of our favorites!
5	We took 10 people with various dietary needs to Saba and everyone was taken care of well.  The owner and his wife were happy to see us and made great suggestions because we all asked.  Other reviews say the homemade pitas are out of this world and we agree.  We shared 3 appetizers and wine, then headed for a mix of sandwiches and entrees.  The only person who didn't finish was me.  (so full!). They explained everything, down to the Efe, and we found the place to be clean, fast and friendly. If I lived out here, I'd be a regular.
5	Sadly this placed is closed. They had great med food, homey service and a large menu. They apparently had some challenges w their rental renewal.
1	Saba's is gone! All property seized (by building owners?). Place is completely empty, tables, chairs, fixtures...gone. Been here a helluva lot of years.I'll miss the patio; RIP Saba's.
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =What a shame to have lost this lovely restaurant with it's Sunday Lunch Buffet of delicious Mediterranean food!     :-(
