3	3 stars for not selling urban hair products like the other DG storesI went looking to buy neutralizing shampoo and they do not sell it- what in the sam beads is going on DG.Wow- I have been shopping at DG for yrs- some of the prices are higher then walmart. This store is suppose to be cheaper. You are better off going to the 99cent store.  M&M's are 75cent what happen to the 3 for 99cent or 4 for dollar(heck i refused to pay  75 for coconut M&M's when I can go on Linkedin and ask folks that work for Mars to send me free samples)- The reason why I am a DG fan is because clover valley is  same company that makes Girl scouts cookies. Since I like my thin mints and fudge caramel delights cookies year round this is my cookie store. (side-note  the only difference is clover valley cookies are cheaper and that's a plus).
2	two stars; great organized store; very clean; my problem is that I went to store for a specific item on the recent ad and they were totally out of the product; as a result I bought nothing there and went elsewhere to do my shopping
3	Do not be fooled by the title of the store. "Dollar General" is the name but once you walk in, you will start to realize that most things in the store are above $1. More like 2,3,4,5 and up. I'd say about 40% of the store has dollar items. It's a lot cleaner and more organized than the other dollar stores though and has groceries like meats, veggies and fruit. 3 stars for fooling me.
3	This store is just all right. I have seen these places popping up around town and was curious to check it out. It's basically a CVS or Walgreens, minus the pharmacy. Nothing spectacular and prices are just ok.
4	I have no complaints about this store!  Because of it's close proximity to Vegas Hot, which I am at about five days a week,  it makes it very convenient for me to run in for the few things I need here and there.  Keep in mind I am only shopping for myself and not a family so my typical haul is some fruit, veggies, cleaning products, etc.  My go to before was Walmart for these items but thanks to Dollar General I haven't stepped foot in a Walmart in about two months and I don't miss it.  Of course I can't find everything I need here but it sure makes life easier to get it and out quickly.
3	The wait was a bit long there but the prices and things in there are like big lots. Its good to go there if its a last minute place around the area.
3	Dollar general generally keeps things at a cheap price and the store is kept pretty clean on the inside. The workers are nice and so there isn't really much to complain about besides the location and the people that come to visit this store. This is kind of more of a convenience store rather than somewhere where you shop for all your groceries. The people that come through this store can be rude to the employees and have bad manners going through the store. I personally only come here only when I need to pick up something quick. Their vegetables and fruits may seem shady at times as to how fresh they could be. This is an ideal place for convenience however, so there is nothing to really complain about Dollar General.
5	Fantastic prices on most things. They don't have everything that you can find at, say, Smith's or Vons or the Walmart superstores, but they do have s surprisingly robust selection of goods, all things considered.What really sets this location apart is the service--I've never had issue finding help when I can't locate an item, and the staff has always been incredibly genial. Roger, one of the managers, is often the first (and never the last) to offer assistance, and more than once he's gone out of his way to check in the stockroom for something that ran out on the shelf or in the cooler. If they are out of something, it's never for long, and they generally have a pretty good handle on when it'll come in again.They might not have the selection of the corporate grocery giants, but they're convenient and friendly, and none times out of ten have everything I need anyway.
2	Get rid of the bums hanging out like it's their new home and I'll up the stars to 4. Prices are really good - much lower than walgreens for sundries like toothpaste and I buy Epsom salts here for $3 compared to $5 or more elsewhere.  Their pork chops are so fresh and tasty I don't know where they buy them but soooo good. Good prices small selection.
