5	I am a huge animal fanatic and can see myself as an old lady surrounded by lots of cats and dogs. Although not directly related to animals, of my ambitions is to be able to train guide dogs and hopefully one day, perhaps when I'm retired (I guess it's a long way off) I'll be able to train to do that.Everything raised by the PDSA goes towards animals and for 93 years they have been raising money to pay for animals who are sick and don't have owners or perhaps their owners can't afford to pay for their vet bills. I don't get charity shops to be honest, okay it's great to pick up something quirky and "oh-so-vintage" from a charity shop where it is easy to part with your money and you leave feeling happy but let's face it, they're not designed for fashionistas and cool cats and for me, if the charity shop is standing for something I feel really strongly about such as raising money for animals in need then that's as good a reason as any to browse this store.You might not find a vintage pair of Dior sunnies here but they do have a nifty selection of bric-a-brac, board games, jigsaws and they also have special plates and keyrings made specially for the PDSA. On my last visit I also noticed a very cute cuddly cat sitting in the window but opted for a key ring instead.If you like charity shops then this one is definitely worth a browse and you might find something that you really like and you'll be helping out animals in the process.
4	This charity shop is ideal if you have a pet. Other than the usual bric-a-brac that most charity shops have, this one also has a lot of accessories for your little friend (s) . Anyone with some pet knowledge would know how expensive vet bills are and the fact that this charity raises money to help the less fortunate animals without owners is great!This particular store doesn't really have clothes but they do have a decent collection of board games, videos, books and toys. I got a teapot from here- nothing special- but great for our flat in any case.
5	Since they don't have the capacity to be architects of their own downfall, I tend to sympathise more with animals than humans when it comes to charities. Animals are also almost always cuter, so that further widens the gap when it comes to who gets a hold of my loose change. The PDSA is quite an honourable institution, paying vet bills and looking after sick animals for those that can't afford it temselves.Not one of the shallow and morally ambiguous charity shops that sell themselves more as a quirky vintage stores, it's an old fashioned mix of bric-a-brac, toys, clothes and PDSA branded trinkets. All for a good cause, and if it helps a tarantula in need, it gets my vote.
