4	Since I overheard that Starbuck was now offering Vegan Frappuccino, I couldn't get there fast enough to try one! I used to love them and haven't been able to drink one since I became vegan.The new concept is brilliant! You pick your flavor and the type of milk that you want and voila... Your drink is ready! I had the green tea frappuccino with soy milk and went straight to heaven! Yummy!!!!It is definitely a great step in the right direction... Now if they would offer some vegan snacks, I would become their biggest fan. But that has yet to come!Until then... I will gladly sip on my Frappuccino's over the high summer heat!
3	Stopped by this Starbucks after a lunch at Northside Nathan's Pizza which is a few doors down.  I enjoy coming to Starbucks to study and get some work done.  The FREE Wifi is a big plus for me.Although I've been to this Starbucks before, it was the first time I've been here to study and work.  I like how they still serve Decaf after 1 pm....when most Starbucks in Vegas stop brewing it at 1 pm for some reason.  I like my Half-Caf.....and can't do full blown Caffeinated Starbucks.  I like how their FREE Wifi gave me no problems, it was fast and I stayed connected for over 2 hours....unlike some other Starbucks where the connection sucks.I didn't like the arrangement of the furniture.  Although the chair I was sitting in was plush and comfy, the atmosphere didn't feel comfortable to me.....maybe it's the Feng Shui of the joint.  I don't have a clue about Feng Shui, but something just doesn't feel right in this place and I don't know how to explain it....which is too bad.Will I return?  For the Half-Caf, yes.....to Study/Work, no.
4	This is probably my favorite Starbucks on the summerlin side. The employees actually look like they genuinely love their jobs. And everytime I order, they always have time for a good small talk and of course my order is always done right. Oh yea and if ever you're there jus chillen with some friends... Ask them for some board games... thats right, starbucks is a chill spot.. this one anyway.
5	What a homestyle Starbucks.  I know all Starbucks feel like this but, this particular SB is home home homestyle, it's warm and the employees are always high spirited when I come in.  My order is always right, bathroom is clean and it smells like coffee! Duh!It also has a nice outdoor seating area where you can enjoy this beautiful LV weather!The shopping area its in is nice and has alot other great eateries too!
4	LoVe LoVe LoVe the ladies of lake mead star-buko! just blocks away from my home, i make it here at least twice a week. i am always greeted like ohana, everyone is always in a great mood, and my drink is always on point. =) I typically hit them up in the a.m. and although the line might be 10 people deep, you'd be amazed by how quickly orders are taken and more amazed by how the barista gets those drinks out! no bottlenecks here my friends!the only down fall at this location is the drive-thru. it can fit pretty much 2 cars without blocking traffic and then sorry number 3... you're screwed. there are ways around it, if number 3 is a good driver and can leave some room for others to pass through. Mahalo Lake Mead Star-buko! =) aahHhHhh RiighhHh!
4	So this place is poppin!! I don't really drink SB. So I can't say that I'm a connoisseur for it, but I enjoy a stroowberries & creme every 2nd Friday of the month ;] jk.The people are chilled out like ice in my sweet tea. Star 1.Smells good & looks clean. Star 2.The location is pretty sweet. Lots of good eats *ahem In-N-Out* around :] Star 3.Like I said, it's poppin! Star 4!Only dislike is the parking isn't the best. I mean it's too late to do anything about it, but it's part of the review, nah mean? 4 Stars all in all :]
4	Lets face it.. Its starbucks.. very similar to all the other starbucks in the city. What I like about this location is their sitting area has plenty of shady spots so even when I was outside in 100 degree temperature I felt relatively comfortable. All the staff was wonderful and even with a packed house the drinks arrived in a timely fashion.. Def recommend.
4	This is a well-staffed and busy Starbucks with a very nice outside patio seating area. It's everything you come to expect from a Starbucks minus the slow service I get at some Starbucks.The bathroom was clean as was the whole place, with comfortable seating and free Wi-Fi! Can't beat that.
2	Every time I come to this Starbucks they burn my shot. I know they are busy but it's really ridiculous because it's all the time. I'be had five burnt coffees from here. They always remake it when I ask but sometimes I don't have time to ask. Then one time I did ask and my remade coffee was still burnt! I just think these people are too busy to watch their shots, or maybe I'm just unlucky. Idk, but I'm not coming back. I tried too many times.
4	Reliable, open late, and centrally located, this Starbucks is one of the "pivotal" Starbucks in the area.  It's open until 10:30-ish, sometimes later on the weekends.  Due to this coupled with an open patio area with many options for seating, it's a popular hangout for all sorts so I enjoy dropping in for a few minutes and taking in the scene.  As far as service goes, it's pretty prompt.  I dunno where some people are going on about "burnt shots," (likely that the shot sat too long and just became bitter but whatever), but as someone who comes from a coffee background, I've never really had an issue with my drinks.  I've had one or two drinks max remade for me during the last five years that I've been a regular.What's interesting is that just recently this Starbucks finally had their last barista turn over, completing a whole new staff since I first started coming here - which isn't bad, considering that's been over the stretch of years.  The drive-through is pitiful.  It's a terrible layout and anything more than two cars starts to cut into the lane leading in/out.  (I don't do drivethrough, I think that unless you have an army of children or whathave you that drive-throughs for COFFEE and drinks is just laziness all around but that's neither here nor there).The GM is super friendly, remembers names, and is great about sampling new coffee (such as the Blonde Roast), so feel free to introduce yourself.
4	Starbuck's is more than a lively cup of coffee. Starbuck's is a lively third place.  When I am in the vicinity of Buffalo Drive at Lake Mead Boulevard, this very Starbuck's is one of my lively third places. It is a lively third place where I will meet up with a friend. It is a lively third place where I will replenish with a Frapucino after a hike through Pueblo Park.    If this Starbuck's was an unsuccessful third place, it might be in trouble. It has some serious competition. Immediately nextstore ( it is in a small plaza) stands Einstein Bagels. Their choices of coffee with unlimited refills is on par with Starbuck's. Their bagels are far superior to Starbuck's. Walk a couple thousand feet east on Lake Mead Boulevard, there stands a Coffee Bean.   This Starbuck's is better suited to being a third place than a quick stop for coffee. Parking could be inconvenient. I have had to park by Walgreen's.   In the vicinity of Buffalo at Lake Mead, Starbuck's is one of many establishments serving good  coffee. As long as it remains a lively third place, it will be one of my hangouts when I am in the vicinity of Buffalo at Lake Mead.
4	In the past month, I've been here so often that the barista almost has my name down! Not my order though, but that's quite all right, especially since I like to switch it up.The nice thing about this location is that they're open until 10 pm, unlike other nearby Starbucks. Their service is quick and friendly too. They'll even bring your drink to your table instead of calling out your name or order. Lots of indoor and outdoor seating for you to enjoy your drink.Usually, I wouldn't consider writing a review for a chain location, but this particular Starbucks is a welcome exception. Keep it up!
4	Starbucks.. It's expensive, it's trendy.. But damn it hits the spot every time for me. I especially love the seasonal frappacinnos they come out with every year. This location is pretty much the same as most others. Friendly employees, high prices, and this one thankfully has FAST service. That's not easy to find in a starbucks, but they get you out pretty fast here.
4	One of the things that sets this Starbucks apart is the big table for 4 people right in the center of the room. I only wish there were more of those. All of the other tables in the inside seating area are for 2 people. I occasionally do job interviews with 3 people, so this is a real consideration when picking an interview venue. They had free chocolate cheesecake samples at the counter when I went to order. Free cheesecake! Awesome. Nothing else to report! This Starbucks does not deviate from the norm (a quality I appreciate). High quality, good service, predictably high prices.
4	I stopped here to "meet a friend for coffee".Very glad we did.The staff was great and there was really no wait.The place was PACKED, BUT everything was stocked and the tables were cleaned.I like this Starbucks... There are some that I do not, but I like this one... So, yeah, go there...
3	I give it a total of three stars. The staff are ok the place is always jammed packed. The coffee is always given to me in a nice time but I'm always shocked that they don't have those little cute cake pops in the afternoon. I go to starbucks just for them.
2	Corey was really nice. He was very personable with his customers. Unfortunately, I was unimpressed with the quality of my beverage. Neither my nor my friend's tea was shaken. If you've ever had an unshaken tea compared to a shaken one, you'd notice a huge difference. My largest concern is if they're making a simple tea incorrectly, there must be larger issues.
4	This is the S-bux I go to when our "Bored Meeting" can't go to the Craig & Tenaya location.  That's because it is open until 11pm vs 7pm .The staff here are very good & friendly.  Drive-thru is usually entertaining for those sitting out front. Strangely, inside is typically filled with laptopers, the result being, at night, there doesn't seem to be an empty seat.  Since it is at night, outside is usually quite pleasant.A few times I have been here at close, I got to experience a "free pastry pass out." I'll let you figure out what that means.Great staff, pretty busy, lots of outside seating (insert into nutshell).
4	The staff here are always friendly, and I have no complaints about the yummy drinks they make for me! I like to come here and sit outside with my dogs. :)
5	One of my favorite Starbucks location, reminds me of the ones we have back home in the Philippines where it has a great chill vibe and nice seating area, good place to catch up with a good friend over a cup of coffee.
5	This Location was just recently updated inside with new decor. Always great with service and The Barista's are great at remembering repeat/frequent customers. Nice areas to sit inside or outside and relax.  Of course WiFi service available. Located in the Summerhill Shopping Plaza its a great stop to grab your drink when out shopping/dining or for your workout at the gym next door.
5	I am a Starbucks fanatic and I visit at least one Starbucks location a day.  I know many Baristas and I also know they move from location to location quite a bit.  With all that being said, my favorite Starbucks location, today, is the Lake Mead/Buffalo location.The staff is competent, cordial, and extremely efficient.  It is one of the busiest locations in North West Las Vegas but they are always able to get you your drink quickly.  It is equipped with a drivethru and a rather large out door seating area.   The indoor seating is usually crouded and not the best for large groups.  There are always patrons sitting down in this location which tells you nothing but good things about the location.
5	I needed a coffee fix last night before heading out  so I stopped here for a quick drink. Decided to go with iced white mocha w/ raspberry... also known as a raspberry cheesecake. Yum! Anyways I ordered from the drive thru and there was only 2 cars in front of me but when I got to the window to pay the sweet lady told me that there would be no charge because of the wait time! Seriously I didn't wait that long?? She said I waited about 8 minutes and apologized again and asked if she could get me anything else. I declined I was just happy for the free drink. I thought that was super cool of her and I will for sure be back!
5	My mom is here every morning with her friends and the staff is always amazing to them! I love when you can go some where and feel like a regular good job Starbucks and Michelle!!
4	Nice little Starbucks with an outdoor patio. The place was clean and the staff is friendly. Located conveniently right off of Lake Mead Blvd.  They also have a drive thru.
2	I like Starbuck's because they usually are customer service driven.  Not this place!  Went here today to meet up with a friend.  No greeting.... Just a "what do you want?". Then the actual making of the coffee items were pain stakingly slow!  It doesn't take much time to pour a black coffee, right?  Then when my drinks were finally ready no TY or any type of customer recognition, just pushed the coffee towards me.  I will never patronize this Starbuck's location again.  Oh, two stars....the bathroom was clean and coffee was fresh.  The staff here needs customer service training!
5	I love this location!! The staff is extra friendly and very helpful. I will drive out of my way to come here! They are always quick and have excellent customer service.
