3	This place was better than I expected. The food was pretty good. Standard but good. My server was very nice. I ordered the steak sandwich with no onions but when she brought it out of course it had onions. My server happily took it back and came back with a fresh sandwich. The decor here is very nice too. I can see someone put a lot of money into it. It's a new place so it's pretty clean. The tables are spaced out which I personally love.What I didn't like was the table of about 6 or 7 consolidated resort/tahiti village sales people being loud and obnoxious the next table over. I don't know if they were drunk or what but I feel that as representatives of the property they should have been more respectful of the patrons.
1	I had the worst fish taco's of my life here.We started with chips and salsa, and we kept finding what looked like short curly hairs in the salsa.  We sent it back three times.  I didn't eat it after the first time I found that.The bar wasn't bad though.  The drinks were good, the staff was friendly.  Although the bar and the restaurant are owned by different people so it's a logistical nightmare to get a drink in the restaurant or food in the bar.And then, to top it off I was in the bar the last night of my stay and I was verbally accosted by one of their sales people who made fun of my appearance (I had my hair pulled back and no make up on) and then proceeded to boo the band from at the bar.
3	I'm only reviewing the bar and deco. We came here to just see the place and have a nightcap after dinner.The Deco gets a solid 2 stars. Nice wall treatment and good lighting. The Tikis, though, stink. Why not gets some handcarved tikis that aren't from Oriental Trading Co. And it's overall too "put together". You know, Tammy Bahama style.Service was good, but kinda funny. I felt like I was being served by a sorority girl at her brother's Frat party. She didn't bring our drinks on a service tray, instead carrying one in each hand and making two trips (there were four of us). And she giggled very cutely when she spilled some of my drink on my coat, like that made it okay. Perhaps I'm just not the target audience. Our drinks were adequate. Their Mai Tai is passable, even though it's really more  "island"-style with pineapple juice.
3	The stars are for the food - which was decent hotel-style grub, and reasonably priced - and the decor, which was surprisingly nice!  (I was a little leery when I saw the ugly sign outside.)  Great tikis done by the talented Tiki Diablo and the world-famous LeRoy Shmaltz of Oceanic Arts.  Bosko masks here and there on the walls and in the (ladies) bathroom.  If you are a "tiki purist" ignore the cheesy sign out front and just go in and check it out - it gets better, I promise.I had the steak sandwich ($11), my husband had the Russian burger.  We also ordered the spinach artichoke dip, which was too cheesy for my taste (I know, that sounds weird, but it's the only way I can describe it).  The kid's menu is pretty good, and everything costs $1.99.  Let me remind you, this is hotel food - nothing innovative or unique.  But it did taste good.The service... pretty much sucked.  They have a lot to learn in the hospitality department.  The hostess took forever (restaurant was not crowded) to seat people, while she was doing gawd-knows-what, and the server was rude and mostly nonexistent.  That said, I would probably give the place another chance on my way into or out of Vegas.  You can get a pretty good meal here and enjoy the tiki atmosphere.
1	I'm on a lifelong quest to search out restaurants that celebrate the kitschy Polynesian fanciness of the 1950's. Flaming pu-pu platters, drinks that come in tiki mugs and suckling pig. The whole Trader Vic's experience. It means that whenever I find a place that promises such a shangri-la, I am forced to try it. I am regularly disappointed. Tonight is no exception. The decor is ok, but the ambience and menu are 100% cheap family restaurant. I feel utterly betrayed. Oh well. At least my Mai-tai is strong.Oh, and the kitchen is slow. Score.
1	The food is all right.  The restaurant's management is extremely rude.  The day after I ate at this restaurant, I noticed they had charged my VISA check card twice for my dinner.  I called to have the first charge refunded, and was stonewalled completely, being told the problem with my bank!  I was told the first charge would disappear after 3 days, and they could and would not process a refund. From the smug tone of the manager I spoke to, this is an ongoing issue at the restaurant, and the management can't be bothered by it. Even if this IS true, there is a major problem with this place's procedure in dealing with check cards.  Let me offer a few solutions: A) Inform your diners that 2 charges will appear if you use a debit card, and suggest a credit card or cash, or B) present the pre-tip bill and have the diner add the tip, then run the charge through.  BEWARE this place-- they really don't give a rat's patootie about repeat business, so why go ONCE?
1	The service was horrible and the food wasn't much better. Usually I don't mind a nice slow dinner...but lazy service is just wrong. Our waitress only showed up to take our order, bring our order, and drop off the tab. And we were the only ones in the restaurant. I ordered the dinner salad and a side of fries. I have never had a more pathetic salad in my life. It was some wilted greens, two slices of tomato, and a limp piece of cucumber. My husband ordered the burger, which was dry and overcooked...but well seasoned.For a empty restaurant, there was no excuse for the bad service (or bad food).
3	Was visiting a family staying here for the time share program and made our way to join them for Karaoke with Sheila...Who knew it would be so fun.Good drink menu to choose from and a varietal of 'island style' pupus and a flair which will take you back to the islands if you've been.Overall, it was a place to see but aside from 'visitors' I would not see myself being back anytime soon, except to see Sheila perform (Thurs)
1	Drove around and end up at these place b/c the place sounds good.  Unfortunately, the drinks are super sweet and my beer was stale.  Wouldn't go back.
2	Overpriced food and just OK service. They have a denny's downstairs..maybe a better bet..
2	I will say that the food was okay, however when it comes to service, it was a disaster! After ordering our food, it took 37 min to get, never got a refill on water, and the server after two attempts failed to deliver the correct salad dressing!  Epic fail!
4	Blue Moon on tap!$5- a glass.They have a great happy hour.  $2.50 for Bud/Bud Lite /Miller on tap.Appetizers are 1/2 off.The bartenders are great.  Nice. Attentive.If you stay at Tahiti Village, they give you coupons to use at the Tahiti Joes.We didn't eat at the restaurant based on other Yelp reviews....so it was a good thing that we just hit the bar for Happy Hour before we headed on to the strip for a great night of fun!
3	There isn't so much wrong with Tahiti Joe's to give it a horrible experience. After all, the positives are pretty good:- clean environment - large TVs showing sports- mood lighting- right on property of Tahiti Village- decent selection of beers on tapThe thing is, it is the small things that really bring this place down. Things like:- strange butt smell when I visited that was even mentioned by one of the workers- no audio at all for the TV, so watching sports is less impactful- completely dead even at 8 PMIt's not a bad place, and the location itself is very convenient if you're staying at Tahiti Village. The problem is, with so much potential, the place feels fairly depressing without people.If you like a bar that you can imagine to be your own place catered to your needs, then this place is good for you. But if you're a person who enjoys drinking with a crowd, and getting into the excitement of a football game with all the audio entact, then search elsewhere.
1	STAY AS FAR AWAY as you can from this place.. It's horrible and worst of all the Tahiti Village which is a fairly nice resort right next to it recommends this crap food to its guest/owners.. REALLY!! You can't be serious!!! The place smells when you first walk in.. The food is horrible and I wouldn't feed it to my dog!
2	We were hoping to sit at the Tiki bar and get the collectable Tiki mugs. The restaurant and entrance look fun and tropical but the bar area is not too great. Sadly we got dressed up and drove across town in hopes of getting the collectable tiki mug that is advertised on their website, menu and elevator but they didn't have any and seemed to think they would never have them again. This place has potential but the miserable staff and lack of Tiki in the bar and no Tiki mug made it a bust. We didn't even stay, we decided to walk over to Tahiti Village to see the lobby and visit the Wiki Wiki store and YAY they had Tiki Mugs!! So the trip across town wasn't a total loss.
3	Pizza is decent....and filling. But the drinks are overpriced!
1	We were picking up a friend at the hotel by here, so we decided to drop in for a quick lunch before we headed back home. The 5 of us ordered 4 different dishes, ranging from the flatbread to sliders to the grilled salmon sandwich. Most of our food dishes were fine. The last one they brought up completely wrong. When my friend asked our server about it, she was like "uhh what's supposed to be on it then?" We figured she was new, but was the chef also? My friend told her and they brought out what was missing on the dish.When it came to paying for the bill, some of us were paying in cash and some by card. We wrote on the back of the receipt how much to charge each card and then had the rest in cash. Our server grabbed our check, gave it to the cashier, and then came back 5 minutes later asking if we wanted to split it on the cards. We said no, the amounts are on the back. She goes back to the cashier, then comes back another 5 minutes later saying that wasn't possible because the amounts we indicated aren't equal to any food items' amounts so it doesn't make sense and she didn't know how to calculate the money in. So then we explained to just charge the cards the specified amount, and then whatever is leftover, take it from the cash. She goes back, and then no longer to our surprise comes back and asks us if any of us knows how to use their POS system to do that. We're fed up by now but need to leave Las Vegas so we can get home at a decent time, so a couple of us go with our server to the cash register and helped them do our bill. So overall, food was fine but service definitely lacked. It wasn't crowded when we went in, yet the wait was still awhile for our food. The bill part though was just ridiculous. I wouldn't come back here again.
5	Had Kalua pork sliders and spicy fries and they were great! Def an improvement from last time I was here. Service was good, attentive but not 5 star. Met my expectations. Would come back next time I'm in town.
4	I always look forward to eating at this place at least once when I'm in Las Vegas. I like there main dishes and there sides. The sides that they specialize in is what you want to order, not, say something like, a cheese quesadilla. There's are OK, but not anything special, but the spicy tuna topa or the kalua pork. I would suggest giving them a try if your in the area. If you're farther down the stripe your better off sampling the dinning there because you're in the thick of things in fabulous Las Vegas.
3	We own at Tahiti Village, so it was natural to check this out.  The food was OK.  It's definitely a plus to have the endless tapas or cocktails, even if the individual items aren't something to rave about.If you're in the area and looking for something simple, I'd recommend it.
2	I want to preface this by saying our waiter was super nice and they brought us free dessert (mini key lime pie and chocolate cake, which were both awesome) because the wait was absurd. We were staying at Tahiti Village and decided to check out the all-you-can-eat tapas - god forbid we spent more than 10 minutes in Vegas not having some sort of all-you-can-eat crap. There were a lot of items we couldn't eat (my bf is pescatarian and I don't eat pig), so that was already disappointing. After ordering 3 items each, we were informed they were down 1 chef for the evening...there was hardly anyone there, but it took over 2 hours to get all our food. - Chicken sliders were decent, but there was way too much sweet sauce- Soy ginger salmon was OK, but the ginger was overpowering- Popcorn shrimp was great, you can't go wrong with that- Colossal coconut shrimp...all I could taste was coconut- Sweet Chili Chicken was meh, I hated the Thai peanut sauce- Spicy Ahi Tuna was SO disappointing!! I assumed the seared tuna would be warm, but it was ice cold and the seasoning was weird
1	We came here to have lunch and can unanimously agree that we had a terrible experience and felt the food and service were horrible. We were staying at the Tahiti village, which advertised in the rooms that with the purchase of an entree for lunch, you can get bottomless cocktails for $10. When we asked about the promotion, the waitress told us that they just changed the menu and that promotion was no longer available. Upon first being seated at our table, we were greeted by a dull, disinterested.waitress who seemed like she did not want to be there. We then proceeded to order lunch, and when asking questions about whether the sandwiches came with fries and soup or salad, the waitress responded by saying "I couldn't tell you" and stood there like a deer in headlights. The tapas appetizer was HORRIBLE. The pumpkin soup special looked like pureed baby food and tasted like it also. The pizza I ordered was clearly frozen and the Cobb salad and the cranberry walnut salad were both far from fresh. The sangria tasted like there was no wine in it and much too sugary and was just simple syrup mixed with peach schnapps -- definitely not worth the money. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
3	Saw the magic show, which got us each (one ticket = one coupon) a buy one get one free drink.  This made the drinks cheap enough to enjoy.  I liked the mai tai, and the coke was a coke, which was fine.  There is a bar with some video machines built in (classic Las Vegas); and a large dining area with tables abound.  It was very empty when we went on a Friday night, but then again, we were off strip and out of the main action.  Parking here is kind of a pain when it's crowded - there's a structure to park in, but it's a distance away.  Outside parking and even some covered is available if not all the spaces are taken...
5	It was an amazing experience and I highly recommend it. As soon as we walked in we felt the Christmas warm atmosphere and all of the staff on the floor Greeted us with warm smile. We were surprised from the diverse selection of the menu. They have pretty much everything you can think of. We order the chicken wings for appetizer and the shrimp Alfredo pasta for dinner. it was so fresh and absolutely delicious. The food was deliver on a timely manner and the European waiter was awesome. For desert we ordered the chocolate cake and it is to die for. After the diner we stayed at their bar to use our $20 coupon. the Bartender Randy was super nice and made us awesome cocktails.
4	Really delicious lunch and dinner. Good prices and nice people. Reasonably priced - especially for a restaurant that doesn't have any competition nearby.
2	Sigh.  I really so wanted to love this place as I am a fan of all things Tiki.  But no joy here.  We're staying at the Tahiti Village (separate review)  and wanted a place to watch the Super Bowl without being over-run by 'niner fans. (we were both raised on the Raiders and they were out of it by October)So we paid the $35 for "all the coconut shrimp and appetizers you can eat), got our wrist bands and settled in.At kick-off, everyone headed to the buffet line.  And there the joy died.  The "coconut shrimp" were tasteless, wilted, and barely identifiable.  There were other similarly unhappy offerings - some tiny deep-fried unidentifyable bits, nacho fixings - how the heck does one get that many half-stale chips together?  The little hot dogs were good as were the wings.  But if there was anything in that kitchen other than a microwave, a flat top and a deep-fryer, it wasn't in evidence.  The single bright spot was the dude behind the bar named Randy.  Good guy, personable, kept glasses full and things going, despite his team getting crushed.But seriously, despite the folks that I know must be trying hard, that kitchen needs some serious help
1	So I broke my rule about eating at a restaurant that's totally empty on a Friday night, and shouldn't have. This place is the obligatory 'I guess we have to have a restaurant in our timeshare pitch resort' restaurant. The resort has mouth watering pictures of yummy looking pulled pork sliders all over the place but for some reason they aren't actually on their menu. The place is called Tahiti Joes, Tahiti decor, but only generic food. No coconut shrimp, not even a burger with grilled pineapple on it. Total disconnect between concept and food. The potato skins were clearly freezer stock, overcooked and barely edible. There's a reason why the Denny's below them was packed and Tahiti Joes was empty.
4	I gave it this rating as a bar. Stayed in my timeshare, and wanted a stiff drink...didn't want to drive down the strip or take the shuttle. I was shocked to see the $12  price tag on my bill.  I sat at the bar paying playing video poker and chatting with a nice couple next to me....my check was for THREE Manattans!  $12 will barely get you ONE drink down the strip! Awesome happy hour, awesome atmosphere, awesome bar tender!
3	I always find Tiki bars to be a lot of fun, and I was curious about this one.It's no Frankie's, I can put that to rest.  The drinks are okay.  The decor is pleasant, and the staff, though not the most knowledgeable about the Tiki mug they sold (certainly staff has to have seen the mug at least once to be able to give better than a vague description of it), were friendly enough.The food is... okay.  The prices are by and large under $10.  The chicken fingers I got were cool.  Not "cold", but they were not hot, warm, or even lukewarm, either.  The portions provided, however, were ample.There are pool and ping pong tables, and a bowling arcade game.  The ping pong table was surprisingly active, and more often than not, I had kids fishing out a ball from underneath my table.  I don't blame the kids (they were polite and apologetic about their frequent visits), but the table needs to be moved more out of the dining area.The restaurant was halfway full when we got there, and all but empty by the time we left.  Their food needs to be prepped a little more, and as a Tiki bar, I would think the staff would be a little more aware about their product.  I don't like pushy salespeople, especially during meals, but if someone asks, either show a sample, or be able to describe the item in some detail.  Or just have one on display, whether in the bar, or on the (actually very nice looking) menus.I may try them again.  I'd like to get the mug, at the very least.  They have a good place they could work with, but they need to try and make the environment a lot more fun and inviting.  Trader Sam's in Anaheim come to mind.
3	Good for what you pay for. Nothing special. Good for lunch while hanging around the resort. Menu is very limited.
3	This place has potential. I'm not sure but it seems the menu may have changed going by past reviews. It is more of a bar menu and nothing out of the ordinary like in past reviews. I had the grilled chicken sandwich. It was cooked, hot, and very good. The fries weren't bad either. My habana had the Philly cheesesteak sliders and while he enjoyed them, I was disappoint their was only ONE small slice of thin beef on them. He said they tasted good. I ordered a sangria and it was passable but tasted mostly like white zin. The service was a little slow but everyone was polite and always busy. This place has serious potential.  I think it is too big a space for what they are using it for. It's weird. If you go there, you will understand. We are staying at Tahiti village next door and after traveling all day and being tired, this was our best option.
1	Service was very slow, food served kinda cold. Defiantly wouldn't go back. Not worth trying.
4	Great service an great food. Barely any wait for our food but when it finally came, I was pleasantly surprised at how good the sliders were. Not too wild about the ceviche though but that's all right. I'm easy to please.
