4	Pretty good, cost wise, for the area. Communication is always an issue but they do good work.
5	I was in the area and really wanted a pedicure. My husband was with me, and although I'd NEVER drag him into a nail salon regularly, we were celebrating my birthday and doing things I liked so he was a great sport and accompanied me in. As I was sitting in the chair I began reading some of the yelp reviews. Previous yelpers were right! It was very clean and the service was good. After I got set up in the chair, the nail tech asked if my husband wanted to sit next to me in a massage chair, which was nice of him to offer. So he saddled on in and got to check his phone and watch a Bruce Willis movie on the tv.My nail tech did a great job! So many times when I've gotten a pedicure I'm disappointed with the massage part (which we all know is the best part), but it was relaxing and they even wiped off any extra lotion so as not to leave my skin too greasy. The polish came out very nice and they gave me some oh-so-stylish disposable slippers to walk out in. Great place!!
5	This place was amazing! It's clean, a really cute theme, reasonably priced, and the staff was sooo friendly! Also, My toes have never looked so good! I will definitely be going back.
1	I went in to get a fill and called before to verify the price. I was told it was only going to be 22 dollars. After I was serviced they charged my card 40 dollars. When I complained they said the fill was 17 and they charge and extra 20 for color!!!! I got French tip nails with no extra color or designs. Do not go there! Complete rip off and dishonest people!!
5	My mom and sister's fav nail spot.  We stopped in for services before the weekend activities. They clean and sterilize tools, clearly.  Happy to see it and watch them pull the items out of the plastic and not have to wonder.  They take their time and listen to the customer.  They also have bottled water to offer and take appointments.  Reasonable prices too.  I don't get anything special, so I cannot comment on their work but I liked my buff mani pedi.  Will definitely keep this on my list for when I visit PHX again.
5	I have been coming here for a few years now and have turned this place onto multiple friends of mine. The nail techs are all amazing. Vu is the only person I let touch my nails. Hannah is amazing at waxing too. Go in and see them. Make an appointment because they are always busy.
5	Just moved to the apartments right next to park west, so I needed a new nail salon in my area. This salon is literally walking distance. I was very impressed with the way they did my nails and more impressed with their affordable prices!  They did a great job listening to me on how I like my nails done and I even showed the nail tech a picture of a design I liked and they did it great! Will be returning again!
2	I get a pedicure here about once a month - they're always great. I went in yesterday to get a pedicure for my wedding this weekend. I got a woman I've never seen before, but since all my other pedicures have been good I figured it would be fine. Nope! I didn't catch her name, but she was wearing what I would consider dress clothes, while the other ones wear scrub-like shirts. She asked me if I wanted a manicure, which the other ones don't normally ask, then ten minutes later she asked if I wanted anything waxed, then ten minutes later she asked if I wanted a design on my nails. Super annoying to me.She used some sort of tool to scrape underneath the sides of my toenails, which was extremely uncomfortable, and she only did it on one foot! She also only pushed back my cuticles on one foot, and I also requested the callus remover, which she only did on one foot. During the foot massage, she did a lot of scratching, as if you were lightly scratching someone's back. She put lotion on my legs, but then rinsed it off after she was done massaging, all these things I find very odd and that the other technicians don't do. Worst of all, when she was painting my nails, she got the polish all over my toes, and then used remover to get it off my skin, didn't get it all off so I have red skin all around my nails, but this also took polish off my nails. I didn't really notice until I was already home and could take a good look. I will post a picture of my horrible looking red toes.I will go back here, but I will request to have one of the men do my pedicures. They both do a great job. I hope they read this and develop some stricter hiring practices. That lady shouldn't be working there!
