5	Wonderful! Affordable, too! Seriously? Three big fillets of fantastic catfish and two sides for $6.50? Red beans and rice... Don't get me started on how good it was. It was a very long time since I had eaten lunch and I was stuffed afterwards.  Poboy sandwich and fries for the same price. Why would you eat McDonald's when you can get home made goodness for the same scratch? Great nanner puddin', too. We will be eating here very regularly.
5	I got a mailer for this place and figured I would try some Southern Food. This place was far from perfect. I was there the other day and tried chicken tenders that were decent but not great, and a grilled pork chop that was ok but too dry. Red beans and rice didn't really have much flavor, and cole slaw didn't seem fresh. It is super cheap though, so I wasn't really complaining.I gave it a second chance because it's nearby and I'm sick of every other restaurant around; Plus its so cheap that I figured it was a minimal investment to at least see if there was anything worthy of making it into the rotation.I have never been so glad that I gave a restaurant a second chance. I tried the fish, grilled and fried, and I couldn't even say why I tried it. I have never really liked cooked fish. I love sushi, but I don't have near the same feelings for even very high quality cooked fish. For whatever reason, I was in the mood to try the catfish here, and it was seriously life-changing. I've never had a grilled fish fillet before that was this good. The fried fillet was good too, but the grilled was simply out of this world. I spent my whole life thinking I didn't like grilled fish. As a sushi fan I've given grilled fish plenty of chances, and always was disappointed. I've had grilled fish at American Fish and Mastro's, and for $6.50 this was head and shoulders above any other grilled fish I've ever had in my life. It was seriously so unexpectedly good that it makes me feel like I need to evaluate what else I might have been wrong about.I think this place is still working a lot of kinks out of the system, I can't say I've really enjoyed any of the sides I've gotten, and after my first visit I really could not believe the 5-star reviews of this place. But the fish was literally beyond belief. I did not know that a catfish fillet could be that good. Like I said, this place is far from perfect, and some of the issues are things that would normally cause me great concern, but this fish was so good that I'm not sure there's anything I wouldn't let slide. This place has to be by far the best value of any restaurant in Las Vegas. Try the fish. You won't regret it.
5	Fried okra now and key lime pie! Both top notch. They're still growing and getting the kinks out of their business, but it is definitely getting better, process wise. Very nice people who really appreciate their customers and want to make them happy. Still the best catfish I've ever eaten! I usually just won't eat it catfish that I don't catch myself, but man, oh man,  if you are like me, this will change your mind about it!If you're looking to feed a crowd, their 20 piece fish with two family sized sides for $27 is stupidly cheap and stupendously good.
5	We got a coupon in the mail via Valpak and decided to give the place a try and are we glad that we did!  I had the shrimp po-boy and my husband got the oyster.   Nice big pieces cooked just right with not too much batter and not masked by a big hunk of bread.  Red beans and rice were very good too and fantastic Key lime pie.  Kenny and Larry (the owner) are really trying to build up the business as they are in a location not real visible from the street they are very friendly and helpful.  We will definitely go back!
5	I received a coupon the other day in one of those mailers full of coupons and noticed that this place is just around the corner from my house. My niece and I decided to give it a try and I'm so happy we did. I read over the other Yelp reviews and was very excited to give it a go, the coupon had some killer deals.When we walked in, we were greeted by the super-friendly staff, Larry the owner, is very personable and they are all very polite.The entire restaurant is very clean, including the restrooms. I love that the kitchen is completely open, you can even see into the refrigerator. The way that they have the restaurant divided, you can dine peacefully while the kitchen bustles. All of the food is prepared and cooked fresh so be a little patient, it is well worth it.This first round, we came in around 2 o'clock on a quiet Tuesday afternoon, we decided to try a couple of things:Southern Double Burger with Fries - the patties were homemade, no frozen meat, sweet onions, juicy and fresh with perfectly fried crinkle cut french fries.Fried Shrimp Po-Boy - succulent, large, golden brown battered shrimp with a butter toasted, soft roll.Greens - best I've ever had, no bitter aftertaste, perfectly seasoned with a wonderful smokey taste. I added a little hot sauce and they're even better with a little kick.6 Piece Oysters - perfectly cooked, tender in the middle with just enough batter, great fry batter too, it didn't fall off if you decided to eat your oyster with more than one bite.Red Beans & Rice - bland but has potential, all of the fresh flavors are there, it just needs a little more time to simmer the beans and some seasonings.Macaroni & Cheese - needed just a dash of salt and pepper but definitely homemade and delicious.I'm so happy that they have a self-serve soda and iced tea machine.The chef was so nice and happy to hear feedback on his cooking, he even brought us out some spiced yams to try. Honestly, I hate yams and my niece didn't know that they were sweet potatoes. One bite, I was in heaven! They were buttery and warm, the spices were on point. I can honestly say, he made me a yam fan. I will probably never order them anywhere but here, but I'll for sure be having them here when they're on the menu.We had such an awesome experience that my niece and I decided to bring my Grandma back for lunch the next day. Again, everyone was amazing and we tried a few new things too:12 Piece Jumbo Shrimp - these shrimp were cleaned and cooked perfectly, the batter was light enough to taste the fresh shrimp but cooked perfectly that it stayed on after the first bite. The quality is amazing, they bring a whole new definition to "jumbo". You don't find good shrimp like this in Vegas.Mashed Potatoes & Gravy - needed just a bit of salt and pepper but I couldn't make them any better myself. I'm a huge fan of chunky mashed potatoes, I don't like them so smooth they can be used as wallpaper paste. They were buttery and delicious. The gravy was perfect, smooth and packed with flavor.Coleslaw - creamy but not too sweet. I'm not a huge coleslaw fan but this is a very good side dish. Being homemade never hurts.6 Piece Fried Fish - this fish was so moist and the breading was delicious. I ordered way too much, the portion is huge, well worth the money.Fried Oyster Po-Boy - so my niece can't get enough of the fried oysters. She wasn't so sure about them yesterday but they've made a new fan.Again, the chef was so nice and happy to hear feedback on his cooking, he brought us each a bowl of his homemade banana pudding with Nilla wafers to try. I was in a food coma. I can't wait to go back and I'm definitely telling everyone where to go to try some Southern Style Eats.
2	Okay, i took one for the team here.Was in LV on business and had a craving for catfish.  Based on Yelp reviews I went to this place - it is a long drive from town and when I arrived (about 1:00pm on Wednesday) there were no customers... bad omen but I gave them the benefit of the doubt.First, this is not a restaurant, as such - it is a fast food joint where you order at a high counter from a big menu on the wall.  Food is brought to your table in Styrofoam containers,  I had catfish, chicken, green beans, and red beans & rice.  the veggies were tasteless except for the odd (dishwater?) aftertaste.  I thought they would be better with salt so i got up and looked for salt - I figured that with 11 tables, there must be salt somewhere.  I found the single salt shaker in the room and used it - honestly, it didn't help.To their credit, the catfish was not bad - nothing to rave about and certainly not worth the drive but not a bad taste.I gave them the benefit of the doubt and I suspect most of their business is due to people giving them the benefit.  I can only conclude that the five star reviews are from owners, friends, and family but not from legitimate customers.Even though the catfish was not bad, I won't be back.
5	When you walk in the doors to this unassuming hidden gem you feel like you have been transported to a deep south kitchen.The staff is very friendly and authentic.  They explained to my family that we could take a seat wherever we would like and they would be right with us.  Our server was friendly and helpful.  I enjoyed a 3 piece fried fish with greens and mac and cheese.  My wife had a shrimp Po Boy with mashed potatoes and my daughter enjoyed the kids fried shrimp.The prices here are extremely reasonable and the portion size is very large.I can tell you that this is the best fried fish I have had in Las Vegas.  My wife couldn't stop talking about how good the shrimp Po Boy was and my daughter loved her meal.  The collared greens were the best I have ever had.  Yes, the best, ever.  The Mac and Cheese was decent, but nothing special.  The mashed potatoes had this gravy that was unlike anything I have ever had.  It had a unique fish fry taste to it that was nothing short of spectacular. When I go back, very soon, I will have the 3 piece fish again with the greens and potatoes.  I always consume a very large portion of food and I was very satisfied with the 3 piece fish.  They were huge!This business is very new and we were the only customers at 10:00 in the morning.  It was a little scary at first but once we tasted the freshly made food we were in love.  It also helps that you can view the entire kitchen so you can see how clean they keep it.
5	A hidden gem! This place is right around the corner from our house, so we walked over there and gave them a try. So glad we did! My husband got the Philly cheese steak with fries, son had the single burger, daughter got the 6 piece fried fish with fries and mac n cheese, and I had the 6 piece fried shrimp with corn and mac n cheese. All of our meals were excellent! The batter on the shrimp was perfect and I like that they removed the tail so I could eat the whole shrimp. (And the shrimp is huge!) My favorite part though was the mac n cheese. Oh my gosh! Best I've ever had! I also liked that they had self serve drinks...bonus. Give this place a try! You won't be disappointed! We'll definitely be back! (Oh and they also deliver!)
4	Very good food . When you think southern food you think of places like this. This brings me back to when I lived in Ten. and s.c. There are thousands of restaurants like this up and down the coastal. The order - Po boy' oyster side of mac and cheese, side of coleslaw, and Key lime dessert !.  Po Boy' was verry good the bread held up very good my concern at first was it was more like a hotdog bun however it taste more like lobster rolls bread. It was nicely toasted and tasted very good. Both the side are amazing. I have had coleslaw and mac and cheese done wrong before at places claiming to be " southern"  that lack flavor. The mac and cheese really great they have a seasoning on it I can't point out either like a old bay seasoning in it or some type of spice like cayenne ? and the coleslaw is mayo based however verry good. The key lime was great the crust almost tasted like coconut witch I haven't had it like that since living back in the south. My hopes for the restaurant continue adding items to your menu its a very select menu witch is fine to me because you would rather get things done right the first time then not. Deff wanna see cornbread lol. Defiantly worth one visit to check them out if you like the street car you'll like this.
2	I ordered delivery from them through grub hub. The order I placed around 6pm was supposed to be here  between 7:15-7:25. At 7:45 pm I tried to call them, but all I got was a busy signal. I had to go through grub hub to get ahold of them.  They said they got stuck at my gate, but no one called me.  When I finally got my food, it was all very soggy. Fried jumbo shrimp looked great, but they were so soggy, I couldn't eat them. The mashed potatoes and gravy were all together and was more like a soupy mess than mashed potatoes and gravy. The Mac and cheese was good, but cold. The po boy bun was such a soggy mess, I couldn't eat it. The best thing I got was the collared greens. Maybe this place is good if you go in, but I think I would stay away from delivery.  Oh, and it didn't come with any sauces for the fried shrimp. Not the best experience for waiting an extra 45 minutes.
4	Order at the counter and take a seat in the dining room to watch tv. I ordered the 3 piece chicken tender, with red beans and rice, and macaroni cheese, and a drink, for $8, so I'm already feeling pretty pleased. The chicken was incredibly tender, and perfectly fried, though it needed a bit of salt. Served with ranch. Red Beans and Rice, PERFECT. Home style red beans, made just right. Macaroni and cheese was homestyle as well. The chicken portion was huge, you truly do not need more than a 3 piece. Hell, add an additional side, and share it with someone. The tenders are almost the size of a full chicken breast.
5	Ate here a few days ago and was very impressed with the service and my meal. I'm new to Vegas and had been craving fried shrimp but couldn't find a place. I came across this one on yelp and decided to give it a get after reading their reviews. I must say, they definitely live up to the positive things being said about them. My boyfriend and I were recognized the moment we walked in, given menus, and sent to an open table. Our orders were taken in a timely manner and when our food arrived it had been freshly cooked and steaming hot. The fried shrimp and swai fish were delicious. As well as the red beans and rice and potato salad. This place will definitely being seeing be again soon in the near future.
1	My daughter and I took my husband there for Father's Day dinner. We were second in line at the counter. We sat ourselves, ordered our food and waited, and waited and waited. We waited 35 minutes before one of our orders arrived, but it was first given to people who had arrived after us. I took the box of food to the counter and told my husband we were leaving. The ketchup bottle on the table was greasy, few napkins. The staff was not dressed professionally; they looked dirty, different people bringing out food; staff looked unkempt. The catfish that did arrive to the table looked good, but they for some reason couldn't serve my party all at once. It was also hot in there.We ended up at TC's Rib Crib, ordered our catfish, arrived shortly thereafter, fresh; collard greens were delicious.
1	I had a shrimp poboy. The bread was like a soggy roll. I couldn't identify the sauce on it. The potato salad was 90% water with very little flavoring. I didn't feel full after eating. On the bright side, the hush puppies weren't that bad.
4	Been here several dozens of times.  Food is excellent.  The only reason I don't give them a 5 star rating is two times I've ordered pork chops to go and when I've gotten home, they were burnt.  And that's two times out of maybe 50, but they should never served burnt food.  But again, food is outstanding and the employees are extra nice!
1	DO NOT ORDER DELIVERYFood took 2.5 hours to arrive. Some was cold. Did not get fries that were listed as coming with the sandwiches. Piece of pie was maybe two bites. Overall a joke. Will not do again.
2	You have to know what to order here: the grilled fish and mac and cheese.You have to know what to expect here: slow but earnest service in a no-frills location, inconsistent price to quality ratio.The grilled fish is great- it's cooked with a vegetable mix and is well seasoned. A four-piece combo includes two sides for a mad-cheap $8 not including drink. Mac was a great side, creamy and cheesy even if it was served out of an aluminum pan then microwaved, which made me question how fresh it was. The grilled shrimp salad though? Skip it.$9 portion is half of a takeout box, and other than the lettuce and tomatoes, the veggies on the salad are grilled, which I found bizarre. Shrimp was plentiful (7 pieces or so?) but sadly overcooked and rubbery. Italian dressing was mostly oil. If this is their usual execution, they should remove this dish from the menu altogether.Service is slow- waited over 20 minutes for a takeout order. Kitchen seems a bit unorganized and inefficient. Orders are placed at a walk-up counter, dine-in meals are bought out in Styrofoam boxes.  But the guys working here are making everything to order, and are friendly to boot.Subtracted an additional star due to an issue at the register: for some reason their computer was unable to read my card and needed to be entered manually. Worker had me read my card number out loud with expiration date, a huge violation of privacy and a security risk, in order to do so. Did not feel comfortable at all with this.
1	Can I leave no stars?!?!Went here Saturday afternoon because it has been on my bookmark list for a few weeks.  PFFTTTT.  We went at 3pm and they were closed.  No signs saying emergency, had to leave early..NOTHING!!!
5	So I had no idea this place existed and now that I do, I'm sure I will be there again in the fairly imminent future. I got the oysters and catfish. Both were amazing. Oysters are decent size and really full of flavor. The cat fish was nothing short of perfect in every department. My husband picked it up to go and nothing was soggy at all. That is usually a problem with any fried seafood, in my opinion. I chose Mac n cheese and yams for my sides. Both of those were amazing as well. My husband got shrimp and chickenw/ sweet corn on the side. He said everything was perfect as well.  Everyone should know about this place.
4	Right down the street from us, we went with 2 children, kids menu grilled cheese was delicious! My husband loved the fried oysters, and 3 as a $4.00 add-on was a good deal. The mac and cheese is to die for, the coleslaw was great too!  Good fresh salad with grilled shrimp, The philly cheese steak could have used a little more meat, and maybe they could start serving coffee. The 2 guys who were cooking and serving were super friendly and helpful. Can't wait to go back and try something else.
5	It's very rare to find Southern Comfort food that delivers I am so happy I found this place ! Pretty much I ordered the 6 jumbo fried shrimp meal which came with 2 sides ( Mac and cheese And mashed potatoes and gravy ) And my mother got a cheese burger meal which came with 1 side also she got Coleslaw as her side .... The Shrimp were absolutely delicious and true to the name Jumbo lol I loved them the Mac and Cheese was to die for !!! ( I think we all have our different preferences on our fav Mac And Cheese lol ) this was great I loved the whole meal ... My mother LOVED the cheeseburger meal the hun was soft , buttery and flakey and she even woke up in the middle of the night to finish it lol ... I hope you all enjoy this place as much as we do ... We actually just got some more food delivered from them about 15 minutes ago lol but I had to take the time to share this deliciousness with you all gotta go now time to Dig in :)
5	A friend recommended this place and he did not lie! Food is AMAZING! Best Gumbo in town! Food is fresh and portions are filling. Service was great as well! Food so good my 3 year old kept giving a thumbs up after every bite and children do not lie! Great variety and my family and I enjoyed everything we ordered. We will be back for sure! If you have not been, please go and try.
5	This place has the best tasting fried catfish in Las Vegas so far for me.  Im from mississippi and I normally fry my own catfish, but they are down the road from my job.  I called ahead for pickup and forgot I ordered for there.  They called me back letting me know my order is ready for pickup.   Fish was hot and fresh.  I have to try other things on there menu.  Thank you.
5	WHAT?!!!  Shrimp Po-Boy?  Make me wanna jump back kiss myself.Oyster Po-Boy..........best I've had.  Next week when I go back I'm trying something different. Stay tuned.
4	First time I ate here and I will say I am very pleased!!!!  I left four stars for the following reason which I think is very fair.We ordered the following:1.  Grilled shrimp po' boy with red beans n rice.  The sandwich for starter is delicious, downside was you only get four little shrimp.  I would suggest placing 6-8 to make this $9 order a bit more worth it for your customer.  The roll is perfectly flavored with the right amount of lettuce, tomatoes and pickles.  2.  Red beans n rice:  This dish lacked seasoning but was cooked perfectly with sausage in the beans.  Overall very good but room for improvement.3.  Mashed potatoes, very good.4.  Catfish, DA BOMB!!!!  'NUFF SAID5. JUMBO SHRIMP FRIED AGAIN  DA' BOMB!!!6.  Mac n Cheese:  cheesy and cooked perfectly!!!  Add some salt and/or pepper and it's perfect.Overall I am very pleased to have found them on restaurant.com and will be back!!!  4 out of 5 stars as there is room for improvement, food is very good, service was friendly and the restaurant was clean.  Keep up the good work guys!!!
