5	This climbing is amazing! All of the routes feel like they could be competition problems. Great setting and staff! I would definitely recommend this facility to anyone and everyone!
5	FINALLY. A bouldering gym. Take it from someone that knows (me), this is the best bouldering in the valley. Setting is solid, the open space is luxurious, the chalk is free. THE CHALK IS FREE. That being said, a day pass is also more expensive than what you would pay anywhere else in the valley. It's worth it. The vibe is better, the climbers are more attractive ;) the holds are brand new. Don't worry, If you want to rope climb, you can do that too.
5	One of the best gyms I've been to. Well thought out in every aspect. What a treat! Amazing flooring system, skilled setting, fun staff, and forward thinking! Nice work!
5	Wow!!!This is my favorite climbing gym.  Always a friendly staff. New routes are set frequently, incredibly clean with great crash pads.  Also, they offer chalk all over the gym. You don't need to bring anything to have a fun day climbing.  Just show up, have fun, everything else is already thought out for you.  It's only $10/day pass if you make it in before 2pm!!!!
5	I loved it here. I'm just getting back into climbing and the staff was super helpful and friendly. Prices are awesome and I can't wait to come here again.
3	The climbing is great and the staff is friendly. The space is a bit small and doesn't really offer more than bouldering (autobelays are a joke) but thats the whole concept and they pull it off! They change routes constantly, the equipment is well maintained and the features are interesting. Honestly i gave it such low marks because of the COST. $75 for a month membership is crazy. The whole point of a gym is that they are more convenient than the outdoors. This is so expensive that crappy gyms like prg seem better. Spend the money on gas to go outside or on another gym.
5	I've experienced every gym in the valley, and this is by far my favorite. The staff/setters are super friendly, and the owner is usually in house. I constantly see them giving advice and giving off a really good vibe. The facility itself is still new. This month it celebrates its one year anniversary. There are a lot of strong climbers and the members are a good bunch of people.The bouldering side of the gym has a very unique padding that measures two feet of thickness. The walls are 28ft tall, which is a bit intimidating at first, but they set for every skill level. There a several routes that end halfway up the wall for those uncomfortable with heights. The routes are fantastic. They have a really good variety of routes and they change it up often. The wall itself has slab, overhung, roof, hella roof, a globe and a can like configuration. It's a really well thought out set-up.While this is primarily a bouldering gym, there is a wall of auto belays. I consider myself a stronger sport climber and I prefer having a belay partner. Besides that, the routes are still very good. The setting doesn't make the sport climbs feel like an afterthought.Being a member there has most definitely made me a stronger climber and improved my technique. Bouldering has become a preference.
1	Awful. One of the worst climbing gym experiences I have had period, be it in AZ or elsewhere. Sure there are routes on the walls and all the basics that any gym will have, but the customer service and the egomaniacal attitude of the owner is terrible. I've had several issues with this gym at this point: I tried twice to cancel my membership and the owner, Joe, simply won't do it. I've been charged HUNDREDS of dollars for zero gym use. I live in a different state now, yet I'm still paying tuition to this sleezy gym because the owner is a prick. To quote him, "I won't cancel your membership unless you cancel your credit card". I highly discourage you from paying to use this facility, which is mediocre at best, your money can be better spent elsewhere! Check out AZ On The Rocks or Phoenix Rock Gym, both of which are long established, have great climbing, and wide following of climbers. Plus, they won't have to practice poor business tactics to make their money, you'll actually want to return.
5	As a new comer the the climbing world I was a bit intimidated to go with my friend but I had a blast and signed up the next week. The owner Joe and his staff have always been pleasant and courteous. They also do a great job of changing up the routes and keeping a variety that would suite any skill level.
4	I have to preface my review by saying that I haven't actually climbed at Focus, but my son attended a competition here.  I can say that the front desk was organized and seemed to have their stuff together.  The gym itself has a combination of bouldering and roped climbing though most of the gym appeared to be dedicated to bouldering.  All around good experience for us on an early Saturday morning.
5	I just went here after a year and a half of recovering from an injury (from a different gym) I was weary at first but after my first bouldering fall I felt so safe! The staff is friendly and I will definitely come again, maybe even buy a membership! :)
5	This is a great place for rock climbing. I went with my friends and the orientation was very quick but thorough. Amazing walls for bouldering with many routes, also have auto belay systems and equipment for calisthenics and gymnastics. The price for the day pass is reasonable. I'm considering a monthly membership.
5	This place is awesome. I haven't been to any of the climbing gyms around the valley besides this one so I will not be comparing.The gym is very nice and clean. They have a huge bouldering wall and some regular belay climbing walls. They also have a workout station with rings, pullup bars, parallets, a climbing rope and various workout equipment. The staff is very friendly, helpful, and informative. I have come here twice in 2 weeks because it was a lot of fun. It hasn't been super busy yet. The last time was a little busier because it's cheaper before noon but we still got some climbs in before my forearms gave out. Overall, great gym. Fun times. Good pricing.
5	This was my first visit to Focus and definitely will not be my last. I was greeted by the owner Joe and he was more than helpful as I am a noob in this sport. He gave me a quick lesson on some falling techniques and answered any questions I had. The facility was very peaceful and clean. It has a full range of bouldering routes and numerous auto belay walls. I opted for the auto belay walls and found numerous routes that challenged me at the level I needed. I look forward to my next visit, which hopefully will be tomorrow.
5	Very nice, well maintained bouldering gym. Good variety of routes and clean, textured holds. The best part of my visit was the awesome (positive, upbeat, and helpful!) attitude of the owner Joe. Keep it up, man - your attitude helps put your gym ahead of the other gyms I've been to in the area!
