4	Made a stop in here on a door-to-door tour of all the new spots that just opened in this mixed-use development.  It was cold and rainy out, but the owner quickly welcomed the wife and I in with a glass of wine and a personal introduction to his business.  While things are still settling in, there will be a small amount of seating around the front, but the real draw is the bar that swings around almost the length of the shoppe.  There is a large black board behind the bar that describes that day's wine pourings and offers specials on other wines to be found on the shelves which line the length of the back wall.  I'll get to the wine in a minute, because I can't go on any longer without talking about the chocolate truffles, found in a glass case in the center of the bar.  On our visit, there were about 12-15 different chocolate truffles, dark and milk chocolate, covering all kinds of wonderful ganache centers- I was especially fond of the blood orange and caramel with sea salt.  They are all made-house.  I will be back to try the coffees, the teas, and the pure Peruvian dark chocolates.  If you're lucky, there might be a few samples on top of the bar.   Try at your own risk, 'cause then you'll want more!  Purchases come in nicely designed clear little boxes and are handled with a white glove- talk about respecting the chocolate!  Each truffle has it's own delicate design and you can mix and match as you like.  Hey fellas- drop the mass-made Godiva and impress your lady friend with a box of these- they'll step up your game!Now for the wine.  If you've seen my other reviews, you know I'm pretty much into wines- especially Spanish and California reds.  Well, Petit Phillippe's name is most ironic because their wine selections are monstrously bold and good.  Small production wineries can be found among a few larger, but well-chosen, producers.  What is apparent is the thought and effort that went into selecting their offerings.  A good few varietals are present- pinot, merlot, cab, grenache, etc. But each wine they sell is there with a purpose- nothing just to try and move a bottle out the door.  The owner and his staff are knowledgable and can steer you towards whatever your occasion or palette best calls for for.On our visit, the wine pouring was limited to about six bottles that appeared to be served and priced as a flight.  I think it was Oregon vs. California pinot noirs.  Interesting.  Had it not been lunch time, I'd have bought in.  I think this will change weekly, if not more often, so here's another e-mail list to get yourself onto to find some new and good stuff.They are also working on a reserve room for still more, high-end wines.  On our visit, this was unfinished and it seems the contractor and the subs were fighting over who was at fault.  We were assured this would get finished, and I don't doubt it because they need the shelf space!I'm excited to have found Petit Phillippe and think it's got a good thing going- smart wine and gourmet chocolate.  Definitely a stop for date night or just about anytime you want to treat yourself.
5	A hidden gem! I recently visited Petit Philippe with three other girlfriends for pre-dinner drink, and am so impressed with this new spot! We were warmly welcomed by Mark, the owner who recommended a lovely (and well-priced) bottle of prosecco to start us off. We then had a cabernet/pinot wine flight and Mark and staff graciously spent the time to describe the origin of the wines (many of which came from just a few barrels of distribution). I have been back in the store two more times for wine and chocolate purchases and the service has been exceptional every time. I have been very pleased with Mark's recommendations and because of the service and great ambiance, I will continue to come here to purchase wine instead of other wine stores. I highly recommend Petit Philippe!
5	love the space, the people that work there are very nice and super knowledgeable. they have an amazing wine selection. plus some mind blowing chocolates. i stopped by saturday night had tried the daily flight, it was amazing, 3 great pinot's for nothing...very reasonable...i tried a couple chocolate as well (earl gray and chai). i def plan to frequent philippe. great spot!!
5	I ventured in Petit Philippe for my weekly On the Road story that airs on WBTV. I have to say I like chocolate a lot, but I've been turned off by the typical Hershey, Godiva, and Lindt bars and truffles. There's nothing special about those chocolates. When I tasted Casey Hickey's collection of deliciousness I was immediately lifted up to a chocolate high. These chocolates are different than any I've ever tried. The texture, the taste, the original flavors are all worth the trek. It cured my chocolate rut. The wine selection is diverse and also affordable. They have wines in each price point so no one is excluded. Mark is so knowledgeable about each wine and what it will pair well with. You will walk out learning a lot. One thing I love is that they specialize in wine from smaller, boutique vineyards. They feel it provides a more intimate wine with a little extra TLC in each glass. The decor is trendy, modern, and completely appealing. It's a perfect spot for a girls night out, a date night, or just a relaxing afternoon alone. It's a must try. I will be returning in my off work hours for sure.
5	For wine knowledge and a lovely tasting room, Petit Philippe is indeed, as good as it gets. Since I do love me some great prosecco and an occasional glass of Pinot Noir, I was positively blown away by the experts, concept and selection at Petit Philippe. I've been twice now and sampled a smattering of wine and Casey's stunning chocolates. Sometimes when I walk into a tasting room it seems intimidating. Since I don't spend hours every week learning about wine, I frankly don't have the vocabulary or insight to know what I'm looking for all the time. But both Mark & Dylan at Petit Philippe are there to remedy that issue. Their laid back and friendly demeanors pair perfectly with their intense knowledge of wine. Plus, they specialize in bringing in smaller scale wines that you'll probably not find elsewhere. Price wise, you'll find a nice range here - from affordable to supreme. And, the chocolate, oh my oh my. Listen, Casey creates all of them in house, so they aren't cheap ($2/each). You get what you pay for, guys, these chocolates are so special. My fave thus far is a three way tie between the salted caramel, the strawberry balsamic and the scotch chocolate (made specially for their Valentine's Day man box). Thanks for hosting a few of us yelpers at Petit Philippe for a gorgeous tasting - so impressed!
4	I am all for a locally owned business- especially those where the owners are actually present. And moreso when the owners take the time to educate their customers. This was my experience at Petit P. From the leather and wood decor to the haute chocolates (little works of art on each) and small batch boutique wine selection, the owners certainly knew their Myers Park locale when they opened last December. Petit P. offers not only gourmet wine and chocolates...but most importantly, an experience.
4	Chocolate Vault meets Laboratory de Vino. Tons of steel, clean, modern lines. Well lit without being garish. Racks and racks of gleaming glass. I know this sounds intimidating - but it somehow isn't. Which could be the staff (read:owners), or the pricing (not as insane as you'd expect), or the chalkboard. Whatever it is, I had a thoroughly enjoyable time tasting bubbles, and unbubbles, and some seriously killer chocolates (fav: strawberry balsamic, by a hair). Even though I lean more towards cheese with wine (and more towards beer, in general), I learned a ton and had a grand, pampery couple of hours with the sweet kids at Petit Philippe.The question is, would I return?For a special prezzie for a food nerd really into chocolate, yup. And for a well-priced bottle of Prosecco, or a small-batch Cab Sauv when I feel like making a special trip, for certain. Keeping places like PP alive is about making the effort - yes, we know you can grab decent vino at the Peeter but carve an extra 10 minutes out of your pre-dinner-party schedule and let the boys at Phillipe help you find the bottle you need. You won't regret it.
5	I really enjoyed my recent experience at Petit Philippe. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Tell them what you want to eat and they'll help with a wine. And by help, I mean ask you what sauces you cook with; spices; sides dishes, etc. Helpful is an understatement. I went with a Proseco and a Pinot Noir as well as...wait for it...scotch chocolate. Chocolate infused with scotch...so good. It's called the "Highlander", so make sure to ask for it if you enjoy scotch as much as I do. Great addition to the Selwyn Ave area. A definite stop if I'm getting some fresh fish or meat from the two markets near by in walking distance. They specialize in the smaller manufactures which is nice, though they can get anything for you if you ask. My new favorite wine shop :)
5	Looking for a new wine concept in Charlotte? Petit Philippe is worth the visit for a whole new experience in whetting your palette with carefully selected wines to taste. They do wine flight tastings for a set price or you can just enjoy a glass of what is available "on tap". Even better if you decide you like something from the flight tasting you can purchase a bottle minus the outlandish mark-up you get at most wine bars. The employees running the flight tastings are very well versed in the subject of wine and the day's flight offered. Upon my first visit I wondered why this new establishment was only open until 9:00 pm on Friday and Saturday nights so I thought I would inquire about this minor annoyance. Technically Petit Philippe is a tasting room and would require different licenses to become a "wine bar ". A wine bar is not the model the owner is looking to achieve and the owner would prefer to keep it this way. I am certain my question gets asked a lot but I was okay with why they are only open until 9:00PM. There is not a plethora of tasting room concepts in Charlotte so I am excited to see a new type of concept up the street. If you are a late night owl check this place out before dinner or your night out on the town. They also sell delectable chocolates in house created by a Chocolatier learning the art of chocolate making in France. Need I say more about this one? They plan to debut a white Russian truffle soon. If it's as good as their dark chocolate sea salt caramels I can't wait until this one shows up in the store. As far as atmosphere goes the store has a modern feel to it with plenty of room for seating. My only recommendation would be some more comfortable chairs and dimmer light to create a more intimate feel. I will definitely be coming  back to Petit Philippe sooner rather than later. Cheers!
5	6 Yelp Stars *** ***Beautiful place!  Look at my photo's of the lighting and (oh, dated Easter egg)!  The display case has the look to show fine jewelry!  Yesterday I tasted the "The Dude" inspired by the movie: the Big Lewbowski!  So far in three visits I have enjoyed: Marshmallows, Fruit Jellie Candies and the Chocolates.  All made in house and all very good! What I think most people are shopping for here are the Chocolates, Wines and an expert pairing of the two!  Here are the Chocolates I have had so far:            Got Milk: Vanilla Bean and milk chocolate ganache          Basil Orange: white chocolate inside, basil and orange dark chocolate outside          Blood Orange: milk and dark chocolate with blood orange          Strawberry Balsamic: milk and dark Chocolate, pureed strawberries and Balsamic Vinegar          Pure Peru: 65% Peruvian          Sweet Heat:  Habanero, mango, passion fruit white chocolate inside, dark chocolate outside!          Make your Mark: Maker's Mark Bourbon, dark chocolate          The Dude: Robed in Milk Chocolate (three Bowling pens on top and a Bowling ball). Inside: Kahlua and White Chocolate Ganache (Confectionary take on the "White Russian")."Just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in" and I'll leave it at that. "The BIG Lewbowski" contains enough symbolic richness that needs no reference describing Chocolates!  Fantastic Chocolates and Great Symbolism, Metaphorically speaking...Best Chocolate in Charlotte!  Carefully eating this Chocolate.. .. ..Wait there is a "finish" like in a fine wine!!!  Enjoy slowly!July 8th 2011            French Roast - French Roast coffee, Kahlua, dark chocolate ganache           Pink Champagne - French sparkling, Remy Martin Champagne Cognac, dark + milk chocolate           The Highlander - Glenmorangie single malt Scotch, deep milk chocolate           Cherry Pie (new edition)  See my photo of it sliced in half!This visit we also repeated "The Dude" - All were Fantastic and All worth repeating!!!BEST Wine I have EVER Drunk!!!  Brachetto d' Acqui !!!  I have very little experience with Wine and I Enjoyed this one very Much!!! Desserty Sweet lower Alcohol content I think!
5	I really love this place. The chocolates are both delicious and beautifully designed. My 2 favorites: The basil and the french roast. The flights are well selected ... and the service is wonderful. The only things missing . . . food and live music.
4	Artisan-made chocolate created using quality ingredients in flavors such as sweet heat (mango w habanero pepper), strawberry balsamic, and at least 8 more varieties available everyday.Wine. An entire wall of reds and whites that all scream "I'm delicious - believe it." You can buy by the glass, by the bottle, or do a flight of a trio (3 3 oz glasses). There is ample free parking, cozy seating, apropos music (mostly Italian and classical).Delectable!
4	Impressive chocolate! With the holidays around the corner, you'll want to pick up a box of gourmet bites for that special someone that has everything...you'll make quite an impression giving these! The presentation itself is impressive...you won't want to eat them. They are $2 each, but well worth the price! The wines are plentiful! Next time I'll need to spend a little time going through their selection and perhaps settle down to a flight. The location is wonderful on Selwyn! The store itself is lovely. It definitely feels upscale and if you walk in casual, you will feel a tad out of place.
5	Wow! Petit Phillippe is my new favorite spot in Charlotte. It serves triple duty ... a great place to hang out with friends to enjoy wine and chocolate, a go-to place for wine advice and to grab a great bottle sure to impress, and finally - beautifully boxed handmade chocolates for any occasion. They have been most accommodating when I need to run in and run out - with a box of chocolates or a bottle of wine - and, when I've had the opportunity to actually sit and enjoy, the experience was very pleasant!  The owners are incredibly friendly and helpful, the seating is comfortable, and, I've never felt rushed or out of place. Recently, my friends and I went to an early dinner and were still wanting something a little sweet to round out our night ... we selected a bottle of wine and a plate of chocolates - such variety! The woman behind the counter made a few suggestions and then offered to cut the pieces in half for us - the perfect size. I highly recommend Petit Philippe and can't wait to go back. The only downside ... the hours. They close pretty early most nights (the latest they stay open is 10 on Friday and Saturday) and aren't open at all on Sundays.
3	Full selection of wine and gorgeous delicious chocolate made on the premises!  They are very helpful if you are looking for help picking good wine.  They don't have the usual high-end wines like Cakebread Cab but give them a price range and types you like and they will help you find some great wines.The chocolate is fantastic - you can pick which size box - the pieces are a dollar a piece.  They will load the box for you and give you a guide to explain which is which.Parking is in the back lot, don't park in the side lot - they have signs all over saying they will tow you!!
5	I've been dying to get to Petit Philippe since it opened, and now I know why.  The fella and I stopped in on a Saturday evening to have a drink and check it out.  We were greeted immediately when we walked in, and I loved the decor - a few high-top tables, a "dining room" table for a big group and cushy chairs in the back with bottles of wine lining the walls and a glass-enclosed cellar in the front room.  Everything was silver, glass, sleek and yet, still comfortable.  Being new, we weren't sure if we were supposed to sit down to be waited on or go up to the counter, but I got the feeling that whatever we did would've been the right thing.The owner, Mark, came over and introduced himself and thanked us for stopping in.  I told him we were newbies just stopping in for a glass of wine, and he asked what we liked.  This OCD girl usually likes a good menu to choose from, but I trusted his judgment.  The wine was perfect and reasonably priced ($10/glass), and I really appreciated that he took our tastes into consideration and knew exactly what to pick.  We also tried a few - okay, 6 - of the chocolates, which were divine.  (There was a list with descriptions for those, so I didn't have to be TOO fly-by-the-seat-of-my-pants on those.)We signed up for the wine tasting email, and I'm really looking forward to see what PP has to offer.  I'll definitely be back soon, and I wish we could've stayed longer when we went.
4	The wife and I had just bought some fish next door at Clean Catch and decided to pop in and see what Petit Philippe had to offer.  I had heard of it, but was unsure of what they were all about. Basically, it's a wine shop with some fancy, made in-house chocolates.  They probably have about 20 different chocolate varieties at any given time.  The manager (at least I assume he was the manager) talked to us about the concept as far as their wine selection, tastings and the story behind the chocolates.  If I understood correctly, there is no corkage fee and you can drink your wine on the premises, but don't quote me on that.  That seems like a cool thing to do, maybe before going to dinner in the area, or even after.  From what I saw, they have a pretty good selection of mostly American and European wines.On this visit, we both some chocolates, a bourbon flavored one, a blood orange one, a fleur de sel caramel and a dark chocolate.  They provided a nice dessert for our meal later in the evening.The chocolates are definitely gourmet and as a result on the pricey side, but definitely worth a treat once in a while.  We will definitely return in the future.
4	Petit has all of your wine and chocolate needs. When we first walked in, our welcome wasn't as warm as I would have liked but we got all the help we needed. Wine and chocolate, what could be bad about that? Nothing. We had four or five different choclates from Twenty Degrees, the in-house Chocolatier. Some of the best chocolates around. All natural ingredients, you can taste the quality. This place is very relaxing and cool, but I was surprised by the music that was being played. I think I heard a Kings of Leon song one time O_o Nice spot for pre/post date our an outing to wine down. Check it out!!!SN: One of the owner's of Twenty Degrees gave us a sample of one of his new creations. Irish Car Bomb. Whiskey + Chocolate = Heaven. GO GET SOME!
5	Love this place! Cozy atmosphere, so it's great for a date night. You can get handmade chocolates and order a flight of the night or an affordable bottle of wine. The owners are often in the shop and happy to chat with you about all of the intricacies that exist in the wine and chocolate industries. Great spot!
1	I took my brother into Petit Phillipe last night (7/20/13) for his birthday.  He is not a wine drinker, so I thought we would do a tasting so he could learn more about wine.  Petit Phillipe was offering a $21 a person flight of 4 Pinot Noirs. 2 from France and 2 from Germany.  The pours we about 1 oz., we had to ask the employee for the next flight after about 25 minutes, who was ignoring us while working on a computer.  When he walked over he said, "wow you drank that fast." I don't think 25 minutes is fast for 1oz of wine, and it was a rude comment. When my husband asked "How is tasting #2 different than #1?" the employee answered,"did you try it?" then he walked away.Overall the experience was terrible, the employee talked down to us and treated us like we were beneath him.  When the bill came, it was $72, the itemized receipt was not provided. I am not sure how 3 $21 tastings plus tax equals $72, should have been closer to $68.  I am not normally picky over a few dollars, but the experience was so upsetting I woke up mad this morning.  We could have purchased 3 of the 4 bottles for $72.  I have been to Petit Phillipe a few times since I live in the neighborhood.  I am sad to say, I will not be going back. Very disappointed in the service.
5	Fantastic Wine & Chocolates!This is one of the best wine and chocolate stores in the Carolinas. They have top-shelf wines and fabulous wine tastings, add to it they do a fantastic job creating gift baskets, along with multiple gift baskets for companies.  I would suggest them for every company in the Carolinas, that is how fantastic they are.  In my opinion, Number 1 wine store in Charlotte!!!
5	This is my favorite place in Charlotte. Their wine selection is incredible - you can find something fabulous at any price point. The staff is very knowledgeable and more than willing to share their knowledge with you. Mark, the owner, is funny and approachable -  makes you want to support the business even more. The chocolates are excellent and the service can't be beat. What more could you possibly want?Bonus - stop by before or after dinner with friends, there is no additional corkage fee. So if you don't want to do the nightly flight, buy a bottle, get cozy, and enjoy a great evening in the shop.
5	What a gem! The diversity of the wine selection and absolutely mouth watering chocolates was a hidden treasure on my first trip to Charlotte.
3	So, I've been here several times and overall it's been great.  That said, tonight was just ok.  No food served on Sundays and wine was limited for two reasons;servings were very small compared to most restaurants and yet more expensive.  The other odd thing was that although there were mor bottles available, server wouldn't open any new bottles, so your choices were limited.  Server was very pleasant, but it felt very rigid.
5	What a delightful treasure this cozy and well appointed wine & chocolate shop is for Charlotte.  My husband and I have enjoyed a few evenings of great wine, stimulating conversations and amazing chocolates at Petit Philippe.  I would say it is the best chocolate I have tasted outside of Switzerland. This is more than a wine and chocolate shop as we have enjoyed private parties and relaxing evening.Give it a try and you will definitely be back!Bravo
