5	I love this place 1st off you can get your car cleaned inside and out for 12.99 but if you have a military ID you get a dollar off and the 11th car  wash is free! They do a great job and are super fast. I have never had an issue with anything there. You can sit inside out of the heat and they will come get you when they are done, or they have seats outside too! But be careful if you bring the kids they smoke outside. Also you get a free car freshener any smell!
4	The Friendly Bear Car Wash is the best bang for your buck if you want your car cleaned for cheap. They offer a plethora of cleaning packages from a full detail to a basic wash and vacuum for way under the competitor prices. They offer military discounts and you build up customer loyalty points in their database which result in a free wash after 10 washes. If you get the most basic wash expect the outside to look great and the inside to be a medium level of quality cleanliness. I recommend getting a couple of selections about the basic if you are wanting the inside of the car to be super nice. When you get your car done be sure to pick a stronger scent from the choices, they are on these little scent disc and do not last long. I personally really like the pine but avoid the new car. Another great thing about this car wash is that you can rather sit outside or stand inside and wait on your car. They have tons of nifty car accessories inside as well and cold drinks for sale. The people who work there are also super nice. I have never had a bad experience using  there car wash and I get mine done normally about once a month or so. I have never had a full detail but have heard that they do an excellent job on those as well.
4	Machine wash, hand dry. These guys were great, exceptional attention to detail. Best car wash I've had in a long time, and it was less than $20!
4	Not the fastest wash in town.  However, they do a really decent job.  Go to the website and go to the promotions page.  There is a coupon page located at the bottom to save a few more $$$.One issue here.  The windshield chip police are always on high alert.  They want the upsell, be firm and tell them no.
5	Best carwash in town!!  Hand washed.  If you get the wax be prepared to be there for over an hour.  Too bad they are so far for me.
4	(This review is one I did last September in 2011 that I have on a popular search engine)They did a good job washing the vehicle. The good thing is they also had a military discount. I am currently in town visiting my parents here in Las Vegas. I drove in from Illinois, so I had a ton of bugs implanted on my grille and front of the vehicle (especially when going through Arizona). They do start off handwashing and send you through the "touchless" car wash; I liked it because there were no machine brushes going on your car. After, they hand dried my car. I didn't want them to take my car through or to detail the inside, so I just had them do the exterior and I drove it through. Initially, they pointed out a chip on my windshield they recommended get filled. They nearly pressured me to do it through them, and I kept telling them I would rather call the insurance company myself at my parent's house later and use a national company since I live out of state. Finally, they stopped the pressure sale because I was about to leave. I called my insurance company and they called Safelite to come out this morning. The Safelite guy (20+ yrs experience) said it's not even deep enough to fill and it was good I didn't have them do it. He said they probably did it to get a few dollars. It was also fishy since the guy at the car wash told me it would take only 5 minutes to fill. So, in the end the car wash would have had me file an unnecessary insurance claim for a small nick that didn't have a potential to crack. So, use the car wash service from this company, but don't have them do any repairs.  That windshield chip filling sale is the only reason I reduced the star rating by one.  They do offer a great value on detailing and the car wash.  The job they did on cleaning my vehicle's exterior was amazing!!
5	Hands down, best carwash on the east side. Friendly staff, low prices, and a quality wash. I got the mini detail for $39 on my new Civic. When they were finished, it looked nicer than when I drove it off the lot!! I will definitely be back here.
1	Worst car wash experience ever. I paid for a mini detail. Got my visor broken. Got a dirty interior. Got them trying to get me to make an insurance claim to fix my windshield. Got wet and dirty carpets dumped in my trunk. Got no apologies for breaking my visor. Asked the manager for the owners number. Got the run around. Waited for over two hours to get my car back. Got angry because the manager would only offer a free car wash next time as if I would ever let them touch my car again. Got angrier and the manager gave me thirty dollars. On the whole not worth the $80 I paid them.
5	My car has never been through a brush car wash and touchless is hard to find here in Vegas. So happy I found this place. Even when I get the cheapest wash they take their time and treat my car as if it was their's. Always get the coupon from the website too!!
4	Good people ,good car wash,good price,it took about 30min not bad good for me ; )... cashier very friendly. . Clean location.. Thank u
4	Very good car wash by hand then wax by hand prices range anywhere from $13 to $200 depending on what you want everybody in Vegas likes a clean shiney car
4	I love this place. Friendly people and great service. I usually get their $21.99 deal and that is where my problem is. I wish it was a little cheaper but my truck does come out looking really good. They gloss all my black moldings and pieces on my truck and they do it well. Another set back is the speed of it all. It seems like there aren't as many people working so the service is a little longer than usual. Still highly recommended.
1	****BEWARE OF CRAPPY CAR WASH*****I thought I would save some time and get a decent car wash but this was far from it. They did not wash the car good at all, a 5 year old could of rubbed a rag all over and did just as good. When it came to bugs on the front they do not clean them off. Best of all the water they use stains rubber and plastics, also windshield wiper metals, it is almost like there is a acid in there soaps. After being so disappointed with this waste of 15 dollars I had to go home and re wash my vehicle. Beware if you have a pickup truck because they charge $2 extra for the same crappy wash, and after the wash the people beg for tips.. I do not leave tips for crappy work!!!!
5	My car looks great, and all of the employees were very friendly.  I opted for the $24.99 full service car wash and used a $3 off coupon from their website. I will definitely return to this location!
1	I have been to this car wash many times over the years. My recent experience was the worst & I will not ever be returning. My USB was stolen out of my truck. I called back within 5 minutes of leaving to inquire. I was told they would look into it and call me back. They didn't call me back I had to call them. I was told by the manager they looked for it and couldn't find it. He didn't offer an apology or compensation. If you decide to patronage this car wash TAKE YOUR VALUABLES OUT OF YOUR CAR!!!
