5	My Willy loved this place and he came out looking more handsome than ever. The place was really easy to find, right next to the Big Lots. I appreciate their early hours of operation because I was able to drop Willy off at 07:30 and pick him up by 10:30. When we first arrived Willy was super excited, the place is very clean, cozy and cute. Willy was put in a pink kennel with comfy pillows to give a chance to relax and I haven't seen him stay peaceful in a kennel in more than 3 yrs! During pickup, I walked in and Willy was all ready to go chilling inside a kennel looking out the window, what he loves best, completely calm. Willy usually gets a bit stressed out and anxious because they comb his mats out when he gets groomed but this time he was calm and happy to see me. The handsome guy had a bandana and some bows which I think we'll skip next time because he looked to girly but his cut was purrrrfect! He looks like a cute teddy bear, he's not all cut up or irritated. Crystal also mentioned she saw something in his ears and since I was going to the vet next I asked them to take a look at it. Willy turned out to have a yeast infection in his ear so thank you so much for letting me know. Crystal really knows her furry friends, not all groomers can point that out.  I originally was looking for a grooming place in Henderson and I came across this Yelp Ad so I purchased it and saved $5 off my grooming price so everything was A++
5	First time bringing my 2 dogs here, definately will be bringing them back.  They did a wonderful job.  This was the first place my dog was not afraid while walking in.
5	They did a great job on my dog that never had a haircut before.  I only wish they were closer to me but it's worth the drive so far. Thank you for making my dog look great.
5	I took my cat pretty boy to them to get a hair cut. My cat has never been groomer before and he is eight years old. I didn't know how he would respond so I took him anyways to give it a try. The people here were affectionate and made my cat feel comfortable. They groomed him and he turned out looking adorable! He loved it also. My cat seemed happier! Thank you guys so much for being so professional. I am going to take both my animals here when ever I need grooming done!
5	Just picked up my dog and I have to say it's the best cut she's ever had! I will definitely be returning!
1	I am leaving this review in hopes that I can help one of you avoid what happened to us- Made an appointment for this place on Friday, 12/20 after calling the Yelp top rated pet grooming salon near me & finding out that there was no availability there.  I spoke to someone here, the 2nd highest rated on Yelp, who told me they had availability tomorrow (12/21) at 9AM, asked my last name & dog's name, and I got off the phone happy that they were going to be able to fit our dog in.  This morning (12/21) my boyfriend reluctantly got up out of a warm bed to make it to the 9AM appointment.  He called me minutes later to say he was told rather forcefully that he had the wrong place, we had no appointment.  After checking my call log, the Yelp page where I got the phone number, the length of time of the call, I called back the same number I had called the day before to make the appointment.  The same woman answered, when I told her that my boyfriend had just been turned away for not having an appointment, she was VERY rude to me, telling me that I must have called a place across the street because SHE is the ONLY one who makes appointments and I had NEVER called her because she would REMEMBER if someone had called with a dog named BANANA.  When I tried to insist that it was the second of two places I had called yesterday, that I know it's the place I called, she continued to be rude to me.  I have sent over screen caps of my call log, the information of the length of our phone call, and a screen cap of the Yelp review where I got the phone number showing her business name & address.  I will be very curious to see what the response is, as she was ADAMANT that I was wrong.  Methinks good business practice would be, even if she didn't recall making the appointment, to ask how she might accommodate us or at least suggest (rather than insist) that we may have the wrong place rather than act like WE are the crazy ones.  Hmm.
5	I've taken both my lhasas here and they always turn out cuter than ever! I prefer to keep my pup's hair as long as possible while taking all the mats out and this place has done the best job of doing that. I've gone to Petco in the past and all they want to do is just shave them to get the mats out. My dogs always come out smelling good, looking clean, and happy! $35 for grooming which also includes a bow/bandana and awesome service.. Can't beat this place!
5	We bring our chihuahua to Pretty Paws. The service here is excellent and the prices are great. Not to mention how you can tell the staff loves what they do. It shows when we pick up our dog, in how clean she is. They have this neat little playpen where our dog waits for us to come get her. I will continue to bring Khloe to this excellent groomer. Thanks Pretty Paws, keep up the great work!
5	Excellent service - awesome, always done perfectly and promptly. The lady who works there is so nice and handles the dogs with care. My dog is about 10 lbs so it is $35 for the haircut. Don't forget to tip ! I only trust her w. my dog's haircuts.
1	I stopped by here at 5:30 pm to check the place out and maybe make an appointment for my dog. Their sign says they close at 6:30 and right when I got there the owner or whatever was about to drive away in her car. She was rude and almost acted like she didn't see me looking through the door. When she asked me what I needed she was smoking and blew smoke towards my face. Uhmmmmm yeah way to be professional.
5	I've been bring my 3 dachshund girls here for the last few years and have always be happy with the results. Excellent service and skills along w the best prices I've seen. Great extended hours so you can drop them off on the way to work.  She even keeps their shampoo I bring for them. The pink crates are adorable and the owner knows her stuff! I whole heartedly recommend Pretty Paws.
5	I recently had to switch groomers due to my old ones selling and moving.   Was a little nervous... Not so many great groomers in town!   Was so happy to find this place!!  My dogs looked and smelled wonderful, the price is very reasonable, they got done in a very timely manner, and mostly ,the owner was very kind and seemed to care very much about animals! I will be using this groomer from now on.
