3	Got my hair cut here today. It was quick, inexpensive, and cut the way I like it. Can't complain about that.
1	take my son to cut his hair not coming back here, they should paid me  by letting them learn how to cut hair, with my son the cut was horrible, I do not recommend this place
2	Just wanted a trim, got a quick perfunctory cut.  Grumpy hairdresser.
5	been getting my haircuts from here for past 3 yrs.ask for "Don" he is the only male hairstylist there so can't miss him.I have had my haircut all over town even from my wifes big buck place no one does as good of job as Don.won't go anywhere else.all you have to do is tell him exactly what you want and boy does he do an excellent job.other places will ask how much you want cut off for example you say like a inch but no more when your done you look and every time it's like 2 or 3 inches!!why do they even ask?this won't happen here.Don's best hair stylist in vegas
5	Layla is my hairstylist, I have being here many times , it's always a deal,  I have long black hair , the cost to get my hair layered , blow dried and curled is under $40, what a steal. My friend gets her hair colored here, and it's look amazing, she always the color right,  the location is convenient for me, as it is close to Starbucks , vons, etc, I usually make an appointment as my hairstylist is always booked up but today , I happened to call and I got in It is good for walk ins, but I always see regulars there.
5	My hair grew like a weed this summer, and still being fairly new in town I haven't really established a trusted hair stylist. I saw the 9.99 adult haircut deal on yelp and thought to give this place a shot. The lady at the counter was busy but acknowledged my presence and I was checked in quickly. Then I met my stylist, Amye-she was friendly and helped break the ice quickly. I can be shy when I go to a salon, and it's awkward just sitting there quietly, she made me feel very welcome. The vibe in this place was nice, no cattiness, just nice people. I went for some layering with bangs, and brought a pic b/c I've found some stylists in the past struggle without one. She completely understood what I wanted and went to task. Overall, pleased with my cut, and overall experience. I'll be coming back!
5	I got my hair done here today I had Claudia up for my hairstylist she was absolutely amazing I definitely recommend her she absolutely knows what she's doing I have blond hair and I have had a rough time finding someone that can do it right
