1	I live in The Vinings and these people are sending me complaints every month it seems for stuff that doesn't even exist. I had one for weeds last month when i had about 5 tiny ones in the whole yard yet my neighbors on each side of me and the one across the street have had weeds in their yards over 2 feet tall for the last 2 months! I had one for my tree that has NOTHING wrong with it. My plants along my driveway with NOTHING wrong with them. Nothing is overgrown or anything. I'm in my yard at least once a week. The list goes on and on. Meanwhile our pool was closed for over 6 months and the common areas look worse than my yard. If this keeps up I'm filing harassment charges on them. If i ever catch them in the act of coming around taking pictures and invading my privacy they better watch out.
4	Very fair and friendly property management company.  They don't nag, but don't let things get out of control.  Perfect! :D
1	This is the worst company to deal with. I have a rental property in Las Vegas and they manage it. If I could rate no stars i would. They constantly change there billing address so that they can charge you late fees and the fees are so inflated i don't know how the government doesn't close them down.
1	This company is an absolute joke. Such a pain to deal with and someone needs to put an end to their ways. Horrible communication. They turn your account over to Red Rock Financial (a collections company owned by RMI) and say their is "nothing we can do". I was fined $50/week for 15 weeks AFTER replacing the shrubs I was originally fined for. It's time to spread the word on this company's shady ways.
1	I have the unfortunate luck to live in one of RMI's managed communities. It's a sad thing too. Ever since I drove by The Enclaves when it was first built, I have always wanted to live here. And now that I have a job on this side of town and a need to be over here, it felt like it was meant to be..Yeah. meant to be a freaking nightmare!!! My Lease is up in December and you can bet your sweet behind I AM OUT!!For the amount of money I pay to live here, things should work better!! I can pay several hundred less and live in a better apartment at other communities!! In fact, it's surrounded by better, cheaper apartments/condos!!!Here's the thing, when I first moved in, I had issues like things not working, no weather stripping, etc. But even that I could overlook. Then I got the most RUDE, OBNOXIOUS and VINDICTIVE upstairs neighbors that have ever crawled out of Satan's A--!! Let's start of with, this is a condo, 1200sqft. Not big, not small.. but DEFINITELY too small for the amount of people living in there!! 2 adult women, 6 kids ranging from 3 to 16, 2 medium size dogs and 1 Mastiff??? In a small, upstairs condo? They sound like a constant herd of elephants playing tackle football in between bouts of WWE impersonations. They've knocked pictures off my walls, woken my family up out of a dead sleep at 4am with their fights and door slamming, and even knocked one of the light fixtures from my ceiling!! They drag and slam furniture all day just to make additional noise.Why would they want to make additional noise, you ask? Because my son and I explained how loud they were being, and breaking things and asked them to keep it down. They responded by smirking and slamming things even more!! I tried tapping on my ceiling when it got unbearable, and again, all they did was "tap" back! They've broken the railings on the stair case, I'm sure they've destroyed the interior with all the furniture dragging.My dog has become terrified of our home, because she doesn't understand all the loud bangs and crashes, the things falling from the walls and the ceiling lights swinging! She spends the whole day HIDING under my bed and under tables!!The cops have been out here so many times for noise ordinances, for violating county codes for occupation limits!  So many times they gave up!! Their exact words were "Obviously your landlords don't care and have NO Intention to do anything about this, so we can't keep sending them out when nothing will change."  I told RMI this and all they said was "I'll pass that on".. Pass it on??? Pass it on to whom? What about DOING SOMETHING about it???They emptied out the building- Yes, you heard that right! Their noise and dogs caused the other 2 apartments to move at Lease End! The only 2 left in the building is them and my family, and my family is LEAVING at lease end!! So they destroy property, break laws, noise ordinances, and drive away residents, but RMI feels that isn't reason enough to step in and put a lien on the property, fine the home owner, etc, ANYTHING to get him to reel in his renters??? But God forbid if some one painted their door a different color or something harmless! That would be the end of the world and cause for RMI to bring down Heaven and Earth to "fix" it!!RMI has to be THE most useless company EVER!! I know that RMI and other corrupt HOAs have been a hot button favorite of Channel 13's investigative team, and I think it time to call a few people and let them know what's going on. Because I'm done begging them to do their dang jobs!!! They don't take responsibility for ANYTHING except collecting payments and fining the evil people who paint their doors different colors, or leave a trash can out too long!If I could give NEGATIVE stars, I would!!
2	This was my first experience with an H.O.A. in the US. I was taken aback by the impersonal and somewhat threatening letter advising me of a violation regarding landscaping. It was frustrating trying to determine what the problem was, as the infraction was so minor. It seems that RMI does not discuss issues on site with the homeowner or tenant. Seems like a good idea to me.  My reaction to the frustration was to post a negative review, which I have just removed. My own property management company which should have dealt with this issue could have been more helpful. I have spoken with friends that also own properties in AZ. and Nev., and they tell me that the format of these letters are standard in the industry. It seems most H.O.A.s tend to be tyrannical, and are more concerned with setting rules than fostering community spirit and making the development a pleasant place to live. In retrospect, RMI was simply doing their job. I do believe however, that at least the first letter sent could have a  less threatening tone. As for the H.O.A., they have a lot to learn from Canadian Strata Councils.
1	If you are a renter, I'd steer clear of any place managed by this organization. The reason being, if you as a tenant call and request a copy of the CCNRs so that you are aware of the rules for the community you live in, they will not release those to you. I was directed to have my landlord call them and request that I was given a copy. Even after he told me that he had called to OK this, I got all kinds of excuses and never got a copy of the CCNRs. Meanwhile, I am getting ridiculous notices sent to me stating my potted plants and stainless steel garbage can do not fit the definition of "patio furniture" as stated in the CCNRS and I am therefore in violation. See where this is going? Everyone who lives on property or even sets foot on the property should be able to get a copy of these rules whenever they want them. If there are rules and guidelines to live by then thats fine, but when you are policing people for not following the rules, then you wont tell them what the rules are - that is just plain stupid. I can see no reason why they do this and I could never get a straight answer from anyone in regards to why this policy was in place. Renters were also not welcome at the community meetings. I think that the organization itself could do a better job at fostering positive relationships between homeowners, renters and management but my experience was that they just don't care. It's really too bad since I loved where I lived. I couldn't take it anymore though and I moved. These people and these HOAs can really make your life hell if you get on their shitlist. I lived on this same property a few years prior to RMI taking over and never once heard a peep out of them or got any violations. My neighbors were super cool. I had a great relationship with people on all sides of me and aside from coming and going at odd hours (I work graveyard shifts) there was nothing that set me apart from anyone else who lived there. My landlord was pretty cool too but eventually he agreed that they were just picking on me and when the violations for things like my guest who was visiting for an afternoon was driving a car with expired tabs - give me a break -  when these sorts of violations were stacking up I'd had enough.
1	This has to be one of the worst company's to deal with they have tried to tow my car out of the community I live in 4 times illegally in the past 3 weeks saying my car was not current on my registration. Guess what guys I'm current and have filled a police report on them and I'll see you in court next time you decide to harass me.
1	Would give this company no stars if I could.  WORST management company ever!Just wanting to pay my dues, yet they say I'm on hold, keep calling them back everyday, they say they will call me back and nothing!   They harass my renter, and the on premise attendant is by far the rudest person i have ever met!RUN is you are going to buy a house in a property they manage!
1	1 Star, only because I can't give a minus star.HORRIBLE COMPANY. They are uncaring and their employees are awful. They are lacking in both empathy and kindness. It is a travesty they dare to manage age restricted communities because they have no business managing communities where older people reside. RMI has no consideration for the challenges older people endure. Snarky, condescending, curt, mean-spirited, thoughtless and just plain rude people. Unprofessional, uncaring, a blight on HOA Management. Like many management companies all they care about is how they can bring money into their company while hurting homeowners in their communities who pay HOA dues that pay for this company's management. Buyer beware to all who have the misfortune to own within an RMI-managed community. And by the way, RMI personnel, some day you will be older with the physical challenges and limitations that accompany aging. Hopefully you will never be subjected to the lack of kindness exhibited by RMI Management. This company is shameful and if you are a BOD looking to hire a management company, do your research!Out of all the filtered reviews only a couple are positive. Out of 6 published reviews only 1 positive review. Makes you wonder, doesn't it? Looks like homeowners and renters within RMI managed companies are not very satisfied with the service this company provides. That speaks for itself when the majority of reviews of a company are negative.
1	This is the worst property management company ever! I paid my rent 3-6 months in advance. Yet, to my astonishment they posted a 5-day notice TO Pay Rent or Quit on my door while I was out of town. When I called to question it turned out the notice was for some additional balance, which they failed to inform me about, on my account due to them hiring a company to pull imaginable weeds in my front yard.HORRIBLE COMPANY! After I explained the manager that they could not just charge me some fees without my agreement to them, NOT inform me about them and just put a 5-day notice on my door for not paying the rent?! It did not even make any sense since my rent was prepaid for another 2 months! The manager didn't care whatsoever.Thank goodness I came back the last day and took care of the notice through court! What if I was gone for longer than that and would have come back home later to find out that they would have vacated me?!?!?! I wish there was an option to give 0 stars!
1	RMI is THE WORST ever. This is unfortunate because I love my house and the community it is in, but my family and I have had enough with their suspicious drive-bys and harassing violation notices. We get them for any minor detail, as others have already pointed out. A couple of weeds and you are definitely black-listed. I used to think that we probably had a retired neighbor that sat on the board, and had nothing better to do than to spy on us, but now I know that others feel the same way as well, so it's definitely RMI that is nagging. Think again before moving into a property managed by this company, you'll be harassed constantly for not meeting their impossible and almost secret standards.
1	I am a board member for a community that hired RMI/FirstService/Whatever!!!. These people are the worst management company around. My theory...the more names you have, the worse your reputation is! Although our association is a not-for-profit corporation, RMI certainly IS all about THEIR profit. Their contracts hold board members hostage to RMI's immoral and unethical business practices but it's not a one sided relationship. The board members that sign the contracts with RMI are certainly not the utmost of moral beings either. Between the two, they harass and they hold "private" meetings that deal with our community without every board members knowledge bcuz they are all threatened their deception will be uncovered. If you are in a community that hired RMI...GET RID OF THEM! and while you are at it....GET RID OF ANY BOARD MEMBERS that stick up for RMI over YOUR community.
1	I rented a condo from FIrst Service/RMI on the 1st. I've been calling the maintenance line about getting things fixed and the mold taken care of but everytime I get a hold of someone they tell me that someone will call back, someone will call back. NO ONE has called. When we first got the keys they said they couldn't find our keys and gave us the lockbox password out front of our house instead. Low and behold there was no lockbox! We had a truck full of our stuff to start unpacking that day after work. We got there around 7pm and didn't get in our house until 10pm- 3 hours it took them to call the locksmith! The locksmith was amazed too cause he literally jumped in his truck after he got the call and took him 15 min. to get to our house! That was the first and last time they actually helped us w/ a maintenance issue! I still don't have mailbox, broken/dirty amenities, and mold. I should have had the locksmith then do our mailbox illegally if I had known it would take 2+ weeks to get someone to call someone!
1	There are no words to describe my experience with this company. If I really wanted to express myself it would be rated R and I wouldn't want to offend any readers, all I have to say is don't hire them, don't rent or buy anything with their name on it. I was not shocked to read or see the ratings on them at all. Also changing your name and address will not stop people reporting and finding out the truth about you. We should all report you to the better business bureau to shut you down.
1	I just read all 18 posts, and all but 1 are positive. So I am here to write about my last 5 years of living here in this crooked community here in sin city,as a co-owner,in "a dictator nazi land" where they harass and discriminate preying on the elderly and the disabled.  Funny the name Bella Vita, is supposed to stand for a "beautiful life" NOT here, and NOT with RMI managing.I find it odd, that they scam mostly the home owners with many fines, to fatten their own HOA bank accounts. I am a retired/disabled Federal employee of the US Navy, and I moved into my condo to rest, relax and take care of my health problems! Not going to happen, after causing me much stress in the past 5 years, I now have a serious heart condition to add to my other disabilities. First I was being fined, about my service animal, my pit/lab mix dog, who was over the weight restrictions. I paid many fines, and just let it go, and kept my dog inside 90% of the time, only sneaking him out late at night, for potty breaks.Then a couple years ago we had a shooting, a murder in our community, and my neighbor and I spoke to the news stations on television. We've been harassed un justly ever since. I guess they didn't enjoy the "bad press" and now I am known as a civil rights-whistle blower, after attending several HOA meetings, which were a joke and a waste of time. I no longer go one year later...I live alone and quite honestly afraid of what goes on around here, like they hire certain neighbor's to spy on you,etc. Then I hear that the mob owns part of the corporation and after threatening to sue them for ADA non compliance once, I am frankly concerned that I might have been permanently placed on their black list. I get comments from the offices, like "maybe you should move, if your not happy here" or "call Metro" or "this is a private property" from the police dept. when I called them after someone got away with a hit and run, totaling my vehicle 3 years ago....and since the police wouldn't take a report, my insurance never paid to help me out.Up to date, the latest....last month I received 3 notices on my leaking truck, to fix the oil leak or it would be towed. I had a deadline by 5pm, last wens. 10/9/13. I called my AAA tow truck (so that I would have a record of it taken to a shop and off the property) had it repaired for 450.00 from an approved shop, had it delivered on a Friday night paid cash, and inspected it with the mechanic, as a dry, no-more-leaking vehicle, and went to rest for the weekend with a recently broken leg. Early sunday morning, I heard a very loud knocking at my door from security to inform me that the day before, and right under my nose, my vehicle was towed, due to the continual oil leaking? What a scam this is turning out to be...a set up for $$$ between the HOA, the contracted PPE tow company and the impound yard! I was promised per email that once I had it fixed to have it returned back to my condo, and there should be no more problems, and to not worry about the tow, because they were supposed to notify them, that my truck was being repaired per there request and their deadline, which I complied too. So naturally I began to smell another "big conspiricy fish" once again...(not the first time for mysterious incident's here) anyway...I just had to borrow the money to get it repaired, then the next day another fee of over $330.00 and $57.00 a day extra for as long as the vehicle sits on their impound yard...highway robbery! I sent the HOA offices an email enclosed with a scanned copy of my repair estimate invoice and final bill receipt. They wrote back and told me that " I was had by my mechanic, and there is still a leak, and we had warned you that we would tow it"  they didn't believe my receipt was legit, and that they called an estimate only? Excuses they made up, because obviously they were caught in a communication problem with their tow driver over the weekend when they were closed...so they sent me pictures of an "unknown" leaking engine and said it was mine, that they had an inspector go underneath to take these pictures....???another red mysterious flag?? how do they prove this is my vehicle in question in these photos? and who the hell gave them the authority to even perform this "inspection" without me being present? the state law of Nevada  NRS116.3102 reads that the HOA is required by law to notify you within 48 hours of them towing your vehicle off the property, I was home ill in bed, and they never bothered to call, or let me know, until the next day when it was already sitting in the impound yard, charging up the daily fees. I can't take this kind of stress any longer and plan on filing a complaint with the State of Nevada Real Estate Division, the landlord and tenant's rights, the ADA rights, etc...and of course the HOA Hall of Shame on KTNV -13 Darcy Spears...about some of the other comments made previously...I also agree...that this corporation is crooked, corrupt and should be investigated
3	I understand some people aren't happy with FirstService Residential however,  there is a rental department that is separate. FirstService Residential itself does not handle rentals.
1	These people are pathetic and apparently completely incompetent!!  I live in one of their communities and have been fined $100 per week CONTINUING for six weeks now for having my "trash can in view".  I have faxed, emailed and called stating that the picture they sent was the day before trash day and EVERYONE puts their cans out on that day.  I also stated that this "violation" would have been corrected ONE DAY after the picture (when the trash men came and emptied my can and I put it back in the garage as always).  Imagine my surprise when six weeks later I get a fine for $100!  Then I respond ONCE AGAIN by all three methods named above, stating this "violation" would have already been corrected immediately.  Well, I just got a statement for $600!!! stating I have been billed $100/week for six weeks for a CONTINUING VIOLATION!!  WTH!!!  How does putting out a trash can twice a week on trash day and then promptly replacing it back in your garage make this a continuing violation???  If they don't reverse this IMMEDIATELY I will probably be forced to pay this and take them to court.
1	New name, but same endless string of violation notices about invisible weeds. Each time our management company goes out to check on the property, there are no weeds to be found. Each time  I have checked on the property the only areas in need of attention were the common areas and parklands. I'm not sure if we have a paticularly nasty HOA, or if FSR  is to blame. As others have stated, a big problem is the way this company communicates with homeowners. Their treatment of any issue is heavy handed and uncompromising, regardless of how ludicrous the HOA position is. If the draconian attitudes with which homeowners are dealt with is dictated by our HOA, then surely FSR could provide some advice to our board members. This is our first and no doubt our last experience with an HOA controlled property. It has been an unnecessarily confrontational and unpleasant experience. If it is our HOA that has established these bully tactics, FSR has taken on the role of an unquestioning enforcer and is a complicit partner in the ongoing abuse of both homeowners and tenants. FRS corporate mission statement says "being genuinely helpful is what defines us". They talk of "opening a door with a friendly smile" . Unfortunately, these words ring hollow.
1	This is the worst management company out there! I've never lived in a community where I felt unsafe & harassed. All these people do is harass their tenants. A member of the hoa knocks on our door and says "what the f&#k is this?" I believe he is referencing the shrubbery that's in my front yard. I ask him who he is & he says he's a part of the hoa....Really?? That's how you address your issues. Very professional!! The hoa are a bunch of glorified hall monitors. Get some real jobs & stop harassing everyone that lives in your communities!!! You're making it a living hell. I wonder if these reviews ever get them to stop & think.I am currently dealing with an issue in regards to the "color of my house" mind you, I just bought the house 2 months ago in that color..now all of a sudden my all White House is against rules & regulations??? Are you people really that stupid to where you'd think I be able to paint my entire house over night? By myself???Someone needs to shut you down. Worthless human beings..
1	My husband and I rented a property from them and they are horrible. To start they send us the wrong contract 3 different times and when we went to the office in person the girl left as we were walking to the entrance. We lived there 2 yrs without a contract (I really don't think the owner would have appreciated this). When they realized their mistake they tried to have us evicted, luckily I knew how to get a hold of the owner and they never bother us again with that.  While we were in the condo the water heater broke on a Monday and the valve that normally shuts the water off broke so it leaked to our downstairs neighbor's condo for 4 days. It took them until Friday to fix it  although the owner payed for a new one on Tuesday.. And they had to bring 3 different plumbers just to do so. When we left I had to get a hold of them because they never responded to our notice to vacate. I had to call the girl that would come and inspect the property because she never called us. Long story short I ended up owing them money because they lost part of our original deposit and when I showed her the receipts she said they didn't count because they weren't on the ledger. Horrible Horrible management company I would never rent from them again.
1	Our community is using First Service since October 2013 and we are currently looking for another company.  They do not return calls promptly or follow through with requests.
5	Yes, I have read most others feedback before I decided to give this Five star. 1) I'm property owner. 2) I have only spoke with KIRA MCCLERKIN and other lady I forgot her name. 3) Been to office once and took care everything after I bought the house. 4) Mostly paper work could be taken care by email. Their phone system is easy to use for owner, they will tell you if there is any HOA balance outstanding. You get to speak with a person by just one click, and they are fast. Most representative is fast to response to any question that I had. If they can not handle the problem, they will have a manager contact you shorty, which for my case was within one hour. I was happy that KIRA could solve my gate code problem right the way. I have fought many rental company and house owner before I own this house, I understand some of the reviewer's situation, I just like to take my anger to the right person. PS: How many company really care of our reviews and give a response? The fact is they do care. At least that's my opinion Thanks for reading.
1	Hoa is still at it..now I have a violation for my garage light not being bright enough.If I see the p.o.s asshole that keeps stalking my house, prepare to be egged.This company blows. Can't wait to see them get taken over & run down.
4	I have 4 properties in Las Vegas, 2 are manages by First Service. The place is kept clean the onsite people seem t be helpful, they seem to care. Other places are rented by Pinnacle (who I'd give a MINUS 77 stars to) and Canon who seem to be OK but they are based in Riverside CA
2	I'm on the fence with their customer service and their lack of returning phone calls and communicating.  After almost three weeks I was finally able to talk to someone on the phone.  Their website doesn't seem to work so don't bother sending correspondence through there.  I would suggest getting an email contact of someone in the company and even then to cover your bases send correspondence through emails and fax.  Hopefully, in the near future I can update my review to include a couple more stars. And to think at one time I wanted to be a board member.  What was I thinking?!?
2	I have been a Realtor for 35 years in Florida, Nevada, & Honolulu. First Service Residential manages Boca Raton Condos in Las Vegas where I purchased July , 2014. The complex is first rate and I have no regrets.  First Services Residential is off property and during the hot days the garbage shuts stink  like decomposing bodies. There are lights not working throughout the common area including garage. The exercise room is constantly out of drinking water, The cooler in exercise room has been broken since I purchased. They don't get the Wi-Fi repaired in the exercise room in timely manner. Locke on front security gate has been broken for over 2 months. 3rd party electric meters constantly broken and we receive inaccurate electric bills.    To sum it up.. First Service Residential needs to be more pro active in common area repairs.
1	This is not ending MY Beautiful Sunday. You want to know the meaning of Disgust, Boca Raton Condos in Las Vegas leasing dept keep leasing to crack heads, Im, tired of seeing the police making arrests on property. First Service Residential does not have day to day management., They stink. , The board of Directors talk a good game. You can lead a horse to water, but you cant make it drink..I will show you a truthful Good, Bad , and ugly  marketing campaign starting Jan , 2015 if there is not a turn around .Again, Its very easy to see by the actions of the maintenance and First Service Residential don't want to satisfy the owners of the units and dance to their own tune because the BOD will not fire them for the lousy job at Boca Raton Condos.I  will Facebook , twitter and yelp  you poor excuse of a service and mgmt. co...THERE WILL BE MORE TO COME. Till a responsible group does the right thing at Boca Raton Condos.*****I retract all negative remarks I made against Jose Camacho and his abilities without knowing all the facts**** But First Service Residential, you are still on the hook, Did you call Sparkel Water and order replacement cooler for exercise  room? No Charge, What are you waiting for?
1	First Service Residential managing Boca Raton Condos in Las Vegas should loose rheir License because l have called them over 12 times, I have emailed them several times and it is, impossable for them to keep water in the Spa, in addition, the cooler has been broken for over 4 months, just a phine call to Sparkelete would replace cooler for free. In addition, the handy wipes they have have a warning sign on label do not use, without gloves. The handy wipes are to clean equip, not hands . To sum it up as of this morning, bo water, no cups, broken cooler, wrong handy wipes. A law suite in the making.
1	First Service Residential that manages Boca Raton Condos in Las Vegas is Licensed by the Real Estate Division.  Is it criminal or just stupidity that First Service Residential Mgr. and Vice President.  Boca Raton Condos in Las Vegas is oblivious to some major problems that  have reported constantly and now that at the BOD meeting it was mentioned the Washers and Dryers are in poor working condition and the Board agreed we should possibly lease washers and dryers in the laundry room. at 2405 W. Serene ave in the laundry room the Washers and dryers need replacement. As usual First Service has not done anything to correct issue. I wish I could tell you how I really feel about First Service Residential but my command of the English language is limited.My mention above of Vice President refers to First Service Residential, not Boca Raton.
1	Since Steven Parker, Vice President for First Service Residential  hung up on me this morning telling me my complaints are not true. , He should know all my complaints are true and this morning the WI Fi has been out for the 3rd day in the exercise room and the water cooler does not work for the past 3 months. I will be contacting the Governors Real Estate Commissioners...
1	Steven Parker, President of First Service Residential in Las Vegas needs to learn the difference between a Issue and multiple complaints of needed repairs on condo common areas that have been reported several times on deaf ears and he shows his class, (ALL Low)  by hanging up in the middle of phone conversation. A garbage collector has more class. ( don't mean to berate garbage men....He does not deserve  star...He deserves much stronger action. The AH
1	One of the most unprofessional companies to deal with. The HOA due was cashed, yet they mailed my mother in law a missed payment letter. Now she has to provide proof that they cashed the check.
1	Another reason I am not a fan of this HOA.   Based on my own observations they seem to pick and choose how to dole out violations.  As a resident, I'm wondering how I was cited for a landscape violation - - which in my view was not even a violation in the first place - -  yet almost four months later I drive by a neighbor daily that still has the exact same violation present in their yard.
