4	Hunan Garden had its grand opening very recently. It used to be China Bistro, or some kind of Asian fusion restaurant. (Currently, there's a banner with the new name draped over the old sign. The waitress says a new sign should be up soon.)My parents are from Hunan province, so we were looking forward to checking out this place. Their verdict: quite authentic. The cook is also from Hunan, and he came out to chat with my parents for a bit. He's very nice, as are the waitresses. The menu consists partly of the "usual" dishes that you find at Chinese restaurants: orange chicken, kung pao chicken, etc. Then there are the Hunan dishes. Hunan food is known for being spicy, so if you like that and/or are feeling adventurous, go for the options marked with asterisks. We ordered the onion pancakes (makes a nice appetizer), sauteed green beans, twice-cooked pork, and beef with peppers. The pork and green beans were the best out of the four, in my opinion, but all four were very tasty. The ambiance could use a little work, in particular the music (it was the radio, and included ads). Despite that, I think my family will definitely be returning in the future!
3	Not in love (yet).  But given it's proximity to my house, I'm gonna try real hard!
5	This is the second time we went the restaurant.  It was just as good as the first time.  Our favorite dishes include the Double Cooked Pork, Walnut Shrimp, and The Hunan Bacon.If you enjoy real good Chinese food, this is the one you should try.
2	I was less than impressed after the new owners took over this restaurant.  While the Honey Walnut Prawns were very good, the rest was incredibly greasy.  The  Sweet and Sour Pork was less than appetizing and the fried rice was flavorless and had too much oil.  The Wor Won Ton soup is horrible.  Yangste Chinese Bistro will be missed.Note to new owners...you should have never changed the phone number!  When we visited it was noon on a Friday and they had 1 table of guests.  I have never seen such a poor lunch turnout.Good Luck~
1	Yangste is truly missed. This  new place needs to produce way better food. It does not even compare to the bistro it once was. I'm very sad. The orange chicken used to be amazing, whole white meat chicken with a delicious battered crispy texture. Sad to say it doesn't even compare anymore. This place was a milestone in Chinese food here in chandler.... Now it is just a memory of how awesome it used to be.
3	While I miss Yangtze terribly, Hunan has been a pretty good for when I'm craving Kong Pao Chicken. I was in with my family yesterday for an early dinner and we were the only table there so I hope this place makes it. We had the KP Chicken, Pork Lo Mein and Hot & Sour soup which were all good. I've also had the Beef noodle soup and shredded pork with hot garlic which was also very good. The servers are very sweet but often forgetful and not very attentive. But the place is about 600 square feet so it's easy to flag them down or sadly raise your voice a bit and say "excuse me!" I must say I do like the renovation they made after Yangtze closed. The place looks much nicer and is very clean, but the construction paper menu items around the kitchen window have to go. It cheapens the look.
