5	Great Charity--what to expect during your stayI'm writing this review from my room at the Ronald McDonald House on Roanoke Ave., about a five-minute drive from Phoenix Children's Hospital (there are two facilities in Phoenix.  The other is located at the Phoenix Children's Hospital off Thomas). This is a great charity.  The house provides a "home away from home" for out-of-town families who have children receiving medical care in Phoenix.  This particular "house" is set up like a small, one-story motel that surrounds a courtyard.  In the center of the courtyard is a building with a registration desk, shared kitchen, dining room, and computer room.  In an adjacent building is a library and "family room".  There is also a laundry room and outdoor playground.The room we are staying in has one bed, a reclining chair, TV/DVD and a sink.  The bathroom is shared with the adjacent room, so you need to knock before you go in.  If it is busy, there is a restroom in the dining area.  Our room has wi-fi, but I was told that not all rooms get the signal that comes from the dining area.  Sometimes the signal is a little weak.  Our room is as close to the dining area as you can get.  Dinner is usually provided by a generous community service group each night.  Typical meals include enchiladas, lasagna, and hamburgers.  Very much like a church pot-luck. Breakfast and lunch are on your own, but you are given space in a refrigerator and cupboard to store your own food, and you can use the utensils and appliances.  You are expected to clean up after each meal (and to clean the shared bathroom after each use).  Food is not allowed in the rooms.The house has an arrangement with the Arizona Science Center that allows your family free admission.  We took advantage of this today and it was a nice break from the hospital.Hope this helps prepare you a bit if you ever have to use the facility.  We are very thankful this place exists.  You can tell that there is a lot of community pride associated with it.  For example, the Diamondbacks donated the playground, and each room has a sponsor.  The grounds and rooms are well-kept.By the way, the staff is kind and helpful too.
5	Love the place.  Great seeing so many people come here and cook for the family.  My Kiwanis Club comes here to cook every other month, and now we are talking about possibly coming here every month.  Great group of people to be working with.
