4	We hosted a Surprise party for my father-in-law here.  The staff was exceptionally accomodating and the food was good.  The ambience was great; very comfortable.
3	Too freaking bright!  Please do something about your day time lighting.  I realize people like to have light, outside light, however, it would be nice to enjoy the great to good food, without actually wearing sunglasses during days where there are no clouds.  I would think this is obvious.Great menu, great specials.  Very impressed with food quality.  Good place to have a converation on business or personal.  Service is always solid, which is impressive because the two dozen times I have been there it is obviously kids (18-21) serving.  The seem well trained and "get it" when it comes to serving us old folk.Easy to get too, anyone that says it is so far away needs to have two glasses of wine when they arrive.  The drive is worth it.Would like to see more Asian dishes, but that is not their model that is my preference.Would recommend any salad.  Bar is a nice place to sit and relax in the evening.
5	I've eaten here several times and the food, service and specials never disappoint.  This is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in Champaign-Urbana and a must-go every time I'm in town.  Whether a formal dinner or a casual night out, Kennedy's can do it all.  The tournados with goat cheese is my all-time favorite steak dish and the crab cakes are phenomenal.
2	I have never been an exuberant fan of this restaurant. The couple of times I have previously visited Kennedy's the food was always mediocre and so was the service. It had also been quite a while since I visited the restaurant, so I thought we should try again. My companion ordered a pork chop that was beautiful. It was thick, on the bone and looked like it was grilled perfectly, but it also had a sauce over it. The sauce was extremely salty and far to strong for the pork. You couldn't taste the pork at all under the sauce. It was a waste of a lovely pork chop. I had beef tenderloin tips in a bourbon sauce that was again way too salty. I am German and love my salt, but this was too much for even me. The service, I have to admit was...attentive. She obviously was eager to leave from the moment we arrived at 7:00. We were rushed to order and then once we received our food we had barely had a few bites before she was offering us to go boxes. I do like seeing a server too much over never seeing them and always waiting, but a few minutes to settle in, peruse the menu and then to enjoy our food is nice also.
3	The first time I went here was epic. Some family was in town, so we went out to Kennedy's. A family friend, and the friend's family, also joined us. Conversation started out nice enough - what we were studying, how we liked Chambana, and then the friend's mother brought up abortion. (or was it assisted suicide? Or baby torture? Or some other wildly inappropriate topic?). And then when we changed the topic she brought it up again. And again. And again. But I digress.Kennedy's is among the fanciest restaurants within reasonable distance of the Illinois campus. So, when I was here last time and there were people in sweats and gym shoes - I was a bit saddened. Really people? Sweats at a $25/plate restaurant? Bleh. I wish they'd institute a dress code. It doesn't have to be overly strict - how about "if you look like a doofus, you don't eat". Is that so much to ask?The food has been pretty good when I've been here. However - a word of warning. If you're a vegetarian - you probably don't want to go here. At dinner - they have one entree for vegetarians. One. The last time I was here our very sweet waitress went back to the kitchen to see if they could do any other vegetarian entrees - and they were able to drum up one other option. She actually seemed somewhat embarrassed about this. Neither vegetarian entree was anything to write home about though. Our vegetarian appetizer was also quite uninspiring.I think they just don't know how to serve food that doesn't have meat in it.Service tends to be good, though without the same feel that you get in a nice restaurant in Chicago. Somehow, just a little less professional. Not objectionable, just different.If you're looking for a nice restaurant for a date, and you're not vegetarian, this is about as good as you're going to do in Chambana.
2	This restaurant was such a disappointment for me. When I asked around from students who had been there before, they all told me it was a really nice elegant tasty restaurant.  That is far from the truth. I expected something really nice and posh, and well...tasty.Instead, when we got there everything looked really cheap and tacky.  I'm not sure if it's because this place was in Urbana and they thought they didn't need to be nice or what, but it just was sad.  I thought maybe the food would redeem itself, but NO. We ordered the caprese and let me say I've had much much better.  The whole thing was so inedible.  We ordered that because it looked like an appetizer that you cannot mess up, but we were wrong.  In addition, my friend is a vegetarian and they had only one or two items on the entire menu that were vegetarian friendly.  I hate when a restaurant skimps out on vegetarian meals.  I am not a vegetarian, but I do like to occasionally skip on meat.  The whole menu in general did not give a classy vibe. I do not know if it's because I've seen really good menus in Chicago and I'm being biased, but this was not good at all.The vegetarian pasta I ordered was really extremely bland.  It supposedly had pesto sauce, but you could barely taste it, and the veggies were definitely undercooked for sure.When I heard it was supposed to be a nice dressy place I put on a dress and thought I'd blend in well, but then when we got there, it was a mix of people really dressed up and others wearing sweats and a t-shirt.  I do not know what that was all about, but it turned me off. I hear the steaks are great, so maybe that's the only thing they specialize in?I can understand why someone living in Urbana or Champaign would come here seeing as there are limited nice restaurants in the area, but I would rather go to Timpones, Biaggis or Jim Gould's over Kennedy's.
1	I was taken here for my birthday. Since we had not spent any money on a real night out in a long time, it was supposed to be a special treat. It was a bad/sad waste of time, money, and calories. It really pissed me off because this place was recommended to me by somebody whose opinion in these matters I really trust (read: fat guy).Everything that we ordered was bad or wrong. If dressing was supposed to be on the side, it was on the top. Soup is supposed to be warm, and the items in the soup are supposed to be cooked through and tender (I think it was an apple and sweet potato soup, or maybe a butternut squash soup, either way it was shitty shitty). The entree's were similarly bad, bland, or messed up. I attribute all this to poor training of the staff, both the cooks and the servers. I think that both draw from the student/teenager subset of service workers and not the career waitstaff personnel that you would hope work at a restaurant of this caliber (price range). On paper the menu sounds good, but no item was as good as its potential. I wish this was a better place, as it is really close to home, but I will never return to give it a second chance.
5	Just left Kennedy's at Stone Creek for a great dinner with some friends.  Service was wonderful - food was very tasty - the views were beautiful and best of all it was half price wine by the glass night (every Tuesday).I ordered a delicious crab cake with a wonderful caper sauce and spring greens with a berry vinaigrette.  I really enjoyed every bite.  My friend had the shrimp risotto and said it was very delicious.  Prices were extremely reasonable.  I would highly recommend Kennedy's.
5	I recently held my little sister's bridal shower at Kennedy's as it was her favorite restaurant in the Champaign-Urbana area.  Everything was perfect!  We were there for a while (opening presents etc) and both hosts were very attentive to my needs and went above and beyond to make sure I was stress free for the shower.  The food spread was beautiful, we had a perfect amount, everything tasted amazing and everyone was impressed!  As the shower was concluding, we walked out on the patio behind the restaurant and had some wine...it overlooked the golf course and was a gorgeous scene for family pictures.I was also recently attending a conference at the I hotel but wanted to go some place that was nice for lunch with several of my colleagues...so we headed down the road to Kennedy's.  I had the mushroom explosion soup-- hands down the best soup I've ever had.  I also had one of their fresh seasonal salads (I had one with strawberries and goat cheese).   My friend had a sandwich and the other had a salad and mushroom explosion soup as well.  Both were very impressed with the service, food quality, and the price for lunch was an AMAZING deal for the quality we received.I will plan on returning to Kennedy's for special occasions and anytime that I am ever in town on business.
1	Great looking place with mediocre food and high prices.  The quality to price ratio is so low here that I cannot recommend it.  The staff has been snooty to me and the food is just not worthy of the reputation it seems to have among locals. SaveYour money and go elsewhere.
3	I came here a number of times over many years, and it just falls short.  Nice space, but very erratic service, and a menu that rarely ever changes.  Have not been to the brunch, mainly just lunch.  Much preferred it at its old location at Sunnycrest, when there was anything of note over there.  Just too many other places around that "get it" much better.  Nothing I have eaten there was offensive, just uninspired.  Pass on this place.
