4	I generally loathe salespeople and almost didn't purchase my iPhone yesterday because I couldn't do it online. I walked line the store ready to smack down the first pushy salesperson like an annoying knat. But my sales guy, Chase, completely surprised me. He saw that I knew what I wanted and spared me the upsell bull that makes me want to kill. He even pointed our a discount I was eligible for without me asking about it. In the end, Chase made this a surprisingly painless deal. I don't know if the entire staff operates line Chase, but I know they should.
4	Very helpful staff. Never a wait for service.  Chase is THE MAN!  That guy is super nice and helpful.  I'm not a big fan of AT&T, but he has saved their bacon as far as I'm concerned.  This store is great!
4	Went to this store three days after we moved to Phoenix because I dropped my phone and cracked the screen in several places.  The staff was friendly and helpful and it took very little time to get a replacement and use my free upgrade to get another workable phone.I have to say I was happy to find out that there was a location so close to our new apartment and that they had friendly people to work with that seemed very knowledgeable in the product lines.  They even were nice enough to allow me to use my fiancee's upgrade since my upgrade wasn't available just yet (two months away from being usable) and then they allowed him to use my upgrade a few months later.  Overall: AFriendly staff that works quickly to ensure that you get what you are looking for in the shop.
5	5/28/2014: every time I go to this store, I get great service. Tonight Matt Darling did an even better job. Wasn't sure what I wanted to do with my phone and data plans. He walked through all my options, answered questions, and never once pressed me to make a decision. Told him I wanted to get something to eat at Viet Kitchen & review numbers before making a decision. He gave me his card and responded to my texts while I was eating & reviewing my info. I appreciate that kind of customer service! Happy with what I decided to do!!
