4	Reasonable prices for really good food! Really good pupusas. They serve breakfast all day long, that's just awesome.
5	Really amazing meal and great sangria. There's a pretty terrace which is great to hang out on. The server was very helpful and explained how to eat pupasa (the flower one is incredible and really different from any other flavor I'd tried). :) we'll be back!
5	Really great dinner, service was excellent.  Portions were big!  all the flavors very fresh, and authentic.  Thank goodness somebody in this town can serve an actual hot sauce (this was on the side - the usual mild sauce was also delicious!)  We'll definitely go back here. Basically a similar price bracket to most of the restaurants in the neighborhood, but definitely a better value.
3	We passed by this restaurant while walking around Montreal and decided to try it out after seeing rave reviews on Yelp.It was not a very busy day.  There were 4-5 other tables occupied outside other than us.  But there was only one waiter for lunch. The waiter was friendly, but the service was soooo slow. I mean it took 30 minutes to get our chips/guacamole.  So you can just imagine how long it took for the other food to arrive.  Why restaurants don't have more than one server is beyond me.  Even to get water, we had to flag him down.  I noticed that the other tables felt the same way - one couple waited 25 minutes to get their sangria.Now to the food. They have a note in their menu saying that any of the entrees can be made vegetarian, which is great.  I ordered the following:- Guacamole: Comes with pita chips. The guacamole is bland, so you should ask for some spicy sauce on the side.- Pupusas: My husband got this with pork, so I cant say much about what it tasted like. He said he liked it.- Veggie Burrito (see attached photo):  The burrito was delicious.  It is served on top of a salsa sauce which makes the burrito even tastier.- Churros: This was terrible.  I was hoping for some amazing churros, but this was super dry and not anything like what I have had in the past.Overall - great food but super slow service.  If you are in a rush, I would not recommend this place.
1	Unbelievably rude. I was waiting to be seated by the hosts table, like a polite person. 2 cute flirty girls rolled up and were given our table despite not having a reservation. When the waiter saw that it was our table, he shrugged and said said they were tourists: not ok, I'll never come back here if that's how they treat people. Plus, they were only coming for drinks whereas we planned to eat a meal and have drinks: fail.
5	We were taken care of by Alex, the owner! He was fantastic and the food....well, the food was icing on the cake! Absolutely delicious. Can't wait to come back here on my next Montreal visit.
