5	Great service on alterations! Very good with their dry clean service also. Services are at fair price, I've been going to this shop for several years now and have referred a lot of my friends here!
5	I would like to first make note of my FIVE star rating. I am not easily pleased as I truly believe and feel that businesses have to do what they are there to do which is PLEASE the CUSTOMER (as long as the customer is not an IGNORANT individual trying to give them a HARD TIME, I commend those who are still good with these people as well.NOW TO THE REVIEW:I was the Matron of Honor in a friend's wedding on March 9, 2013 in Dallas, TX and my husband and I are new to Charlotte, NC so we have to start all over to find a cleaners, tailor, doctors, etc.. (you get the point). My dress was "custom" from a boutique in Dallas, TX where they made the dress according to your measurements which mine are very UNNORMAL 36-26-42. The dress was $275 with shipping and when it arrived it smothered me (they sent a size 16 and I have NEVER worn a 16 in my LIFE). I went to SEVEN - YES SEVEN tailors in and around Charlotte and was told that the dress had to be taken apart and put back together in order to fit me because they needed to take about 16 inches from the dress from different areas in order for the dress to fit my Original Coca Cola bottle figure and the cost would range from $225-$300 which would put this HORRIBLE dress in the price range of $500 - $600. My LAST and FINAL stop was to Matthews Alterations & Cleaners (my husband suggested we try them because we see the place every time we go to Costco). I didn't express to them the price I had been given at the SEVEN other alteration shops I just tried it on and spoke on the HORROR the dress is causing. Laura Tran was so Funny, NICE and understanding. She laughed with me when I put the dress on and it fell to the floor when I stop holding it up. She put pins everywhere and told me to come back next week which I did and tried it on again, it had to be worked on again and I came back the third time and you would have NEVER thought it was the SAME DRESS it was ABSOLUTELY PERFECT and after all that work I didn't care how much it cost and OVERALL it only cost me $60 I could not BELIEVE it. I gave her a $40 tip because I just couldn't believe that she took my dress apart and put it back together so PERFECTLY and HUMBLY and was so NICE to me and my FAMILY in the process.This is my family NEW Alteration shop DEFINITELY!!!!
5	Why does this place not have enough reviews?? I just have to rave a little bit about the service and great work this place does for alterations.  I went on a whim on Blanka's review below... bought a super expensive wedding gown, so I was a little hesitant taking it to a local (non-bridal) place for alterations for my wedding gown.Laura couldn't have done any better...I had her do a bustle, bust adjustment, hemming, and she did a GREAT job at a very reasonable price.  It probably would have cost me a lot more if I took it to a bridal boutique for alterations.  Don't hesitate to try Matthews Alterations & Cleaners :-) :-)
1	We had the worst experience with this place! My husband's alterations were dropped off and paid on July 2013, additional alternations were needed, and therefore he left his suits to be picked up on a later date.First Trip: My husband works abroad, therefore I went to pick up the alterations on  August 2013, with a receipt marked PAID.  The lady (owner) stated the alternations were not paid and refused to relinquish my husband suits, even with the receipt marked PAID.  Her theory: if the other two carbon receipts were not marked PAID, the transaction did not occur.   Second Trip: My husband was very adamant about the fact that he paid and he reassured me. I went back to the shop and asked if she could research her records plus the receipt was marked PAID.  She refused to relinquish the suits; she was very rude and basically ignored me. Third Trip: Now, I am second-guessing my husband, because this is asinine. However my husband has a great memory and he deals with numbers all day therefore I attempted to visit the shop again.  She still refused to relinquish the suits. I asked again if she could "please" check her financial records, check the register...anything... I just want to pick up my husband suits. Still no suits...my husband spent some time checking our bank statements and there was a payment of $114.00 made on July 5, 2013 with a reference number from Matthews Alterations.  My husband immediately called the owner, she told him, the police had his suits.  I called the lady and stated we had proof we paid and I can swing by and bring our statement...she immediately cut me off and said she was going to call the police and that his suits were at the police station. She also mentioned we didn't want to pay for the suits we just wanted a free service.   After the phone call, I had a police officer call me and asked if I could meet him at the shop.  I arrive at the shop and there were two squad cars. I showed the police  proof of payment as well as well as the owner. She then tried to say my bank statement wasn't real, wanted to copy my bank statement (which is illegal) and just because the word "PAID" was not written on her calendar marked July 5th the payment was not real.   The police officer had to reassure her the bank statement was legit.  Long story longer...the look of total humiliation on her face was indeed priceless.  At each attempt, my husband and I were never disrespectful, and kept every visit professional. She was very rude, unprofessional, voided my existence, and lied about the suits being at the police station.Her bookkeeping is antiquated and suspicious and the shop is filthy! This could have been resolved in a timely manner, saving me gas, my time, and wasted tax dollars for calling Matthews Police department if she just would have provided me with Customer Service 101 by researching her financials.  She needs to be audited by the IRS!
5	I confess that I was thrown-off by the one-star review by another reviewer.  I had a totally different experience and feel like it's only right to give this place the five stars it deserves.  I had excellent service.  My mom is close to passing and I had to get a suit altered on short notice.  The customer service was excellent in that they were very accommodating.  They did such a great job in such a short time.  What stood-out most is that the lady there asked about my mom when i picked-up the suit... so overwhelmingly thoughtful... Thank you
