4	great for walk-ins (which I did), relatively fast, terrific service. and meticulous with the nails. plus they speak english well enough to understand any questions you may have.
5	Sometimes you can get the best manicure and pedicure from a Mom and Pop shop down the street. This is the case with Queen's Nails. I love them and look forward to going whenever it's time for a mani/pedi. The staff is very friendly and they always find time to accommodate, even if it means staying an hour past close. Atmosphere: Open, airy and refreshing. When the weather's nice, they leave the doors open. It's never stuffy in there and everyone is friendly. Pedicure:The pedicure chairs are comfortable and provide a top notch chair massage. The staff thoroughly cleans the items and the bowl before you begin. They provide a thorough and clean pedicure, a great massage and the nail polish never chips and lasts a long time. Manicure:Same as the pedicure, it's a great experience. If you get a mani/pedi they will do your manicure while you sit in the pedicure chair. Bonus chair massage! They give a great hand/arm massage and the nail polish stays on for a long time.
3	The woman there was super sweet. However it was hot in there and my nail polish chipped the next day :(
1	10/28/10Came here for a mani/pedi after a hair appt. at a nearby salon.  Had high hopes since reading Lindsey's 5-star review.  Unfortunately, my experience here did not even deserve the one star I'm rating it!  After choosing my color and sitting down at the comfortable-looking massage chair, I saw that two women would be doing simultaneous treatments on me, and I thought "Fantastic!  This'll be just like my experience in Charlotte, and  I'll be out of here in no time!"  The process may have taken less than an hour (I didn't keep track), and I was out of there before closing time, but that's bec. they decided to call it a day and kicked me out before my nails were dry!The retro blue chair may have looked new and comfortable, but the massage part didn't feel new- I could feel AND hear the parts move slowly in fits and starts..  Perhaps this was the reason no one bothered to turn the chair on for me- all of the nail techs at salons I regularly go to do If I forget to myself (even the one in Atlantic City that I tried for the first time did so).  I only remembered to turn it on more than halfway into the treatments, and that's bec. my back and arm were feeling fatigued due to my manicurist forcing me to lean forward on my chair (back curved) w/ my left hand painfully stretched and at a cross-angle to reach her as she sat at my right side the entire time.  (At the salon in Charlotte, the manicurist would move her chair from one side focusing on one hand, and then move to the other to work on the other hand, leaving me to recline back onto the wonderful chair to enjoy my massage w/out any inconvenience!)  I finally made it a point to take my arm away and lean my back onto the chair and let out a big sigh so she could see how strained I was, but I don't think she made the connection.  That, or she didn't give a damn!I much preferred the pedicurist as she was more personable and was conversational than the manicurist, who struck me as perhaps not as fluent in English since she didn't even bother to acknowledge my inquiry as to where she lived in the valley (pedicurist first posed the question to me; I answered, and then asked her where she lived, etc.).  I also preferred the pedicurist's work on my legs and feet over that of the manicurist's on my arms and hands, but on the whole, I've had better cleanings and paint jobs at other salons.  (The manicure I received here looked like the work of someone just learning how to paint-- the coatings were uneven and overlapped many of my cuticles.  I could've saved some money and do the work myself w/ much better results!)  What followed next, however, was definitely not cool, and will be one more reason I could never recommend this salon to anyone I know.After the treatments ended, I sat at the chair waiting for my nails to air-dry slowly in barely-cool comfort-- there weren't any UV-light machines to help set the coats.  There weren't even any of those mini-fans to help the nails dry.  The tropical feel of the place (Asian decor-- ceiling fans w/ blades that look like hand fans; wooden panel screens w/ Japanese flora and fauna depictions; bamboo trees here and there) and the sleepy rhythm of the overhead fans made me reminisce back to childhood days in Manila, specifically to siesta time, when all you could hear is the whirring noises of the fan's blades and head as it rotated from side to side, and I was actually beginning to feel warm and fuzzy.  I was lulled back to the present when everyone seemed to be gathering their clothes and bags and lowering blinds down.  I commented that it must be time to go home as I looked at my watch (5:30p) and asked, "but don't you close at 6?".  A third woman chuckled and said yes, but business was very slow, so they were going to close early.  I've visited other salons when it was near closing time, but I never once was kicked out.  I've even stayed past closing and watched them clean up shop, bec. they cared enough about the quality of their work to make sure that I left w/ dry nails.  The women at  Queen's Nails would not show me this courtesy, and I find that completely disgraceful.  My suggestion is to skip this salon and go somewhere else where your body AND your money will be treated w/ more respect!
4	Do you LOVE loooooooooooooooooong foot massages that are included in the $31 mani-pedis? If so, try out Queen's Nails. In dire need of a mani-pedi whilst part of a bachelorette weekend, I came across QN on yelp. Apparently people in AZ are not really into yelping...so I had to make a few calls around the area to find the best deal. $31 is a little steep for a regular mani-pedi, but I did enjoy the super long leg and hand massage, and they offer all the trendy OPI colors.
5	Best place ever! Ask for Kim for pedi and Heidi for nails. Amazing!
2	A friend and I visited Queen's when we were in Scottsdale for a wedding in April.  Being tourists, we relied on Yelp and a salesgirl at Nordstrom for a pre-wedding pedi recommendation close to our hotel.  Queen's was highly recommended, but after walking in, we were sadly disappointed.  There was no A/C (just a couple of fans and the doors propped open) and the place seemed very outdated and run-down.  The staff were super friendly, and I was very pleased with my pedicure, but my friend had a horrible experience...There were some major issues with her massage chair, and the staff kept switching her water from freezing cold to scalding hot with no warning.  After doing that about four or five times (and driving her close to madness), I noticed that the water hoses attached to the back of her chair were not connected properly (or broken).  Instead, there was a large bucket behind her chair catching all of the water that was running out!  Even better?  THERE WERE ELECTRICAL WIRES FROM THE MASSAGE CHAIR SITTING IN THE DIRTY STANDING WATER!!!  Hello?  My friend does not need a side of ELECTROCUTION with her sea salt scrub!  At one point the bucket was full so two staffers stopped what they were doing and went to work switching out the buckets (about a 10 minute ordeal) while my friend remained in her chair getting bumped and jostled all about.  Not sure why no one thought to perhaps move her to a functioning pedi chair...or at least temporarily move her while they performed maintenance, but needless to say, her experience was ruined.I'd give Queen's 1 Star for her misery, but I really did enjoy my pedi.  (sorry, friend)
3	if you are stuck in old town, go here. otherwise, there are better and cleaner nail salons in central phoenix!all customers there were new and none were regulars.tip:make sure you bring your own color!
5	I love their shellac!
5	I'm surprised the average is only 3 stars for this place.  It's not the fanciest nail spa in scottsdale, but the women in there are incredibly sweet, very efficient (without being rushed) and they do an excellent job and the cost is reasonable.  I've  never been there during the Summer, so I can't comment about the interior temperature control.Overall, a great place to go for your regular mani/pedi's.  I usually get a regular pedicure and a gel manicure and it costs about $48.  It's a little more for the french manicure, probably around $7 extra.  Well worth it.
5	The ladies here are extremely nice!  Kim gives the best foot/leg massage ever!  I feel completely relaxed while in the pedicure chair!  I have been coming here since October and never once have I been disappointed in the services!
4	Gel mani & Spa Pedicure for $43. Not a bad deal. The salon itself isn't the fanciest but the ladies here are nice and aren't overly talkative (which I love)My gel manicure was perfect.  Sometimes there are air bubbles or streaks at other salons but I have no complaints. The only problem is they don't have a way to see the Gel Colors like those plastic nail display so they start applying the color on their own nail. Luckily I am always  a pink nail polish person, so the decision was fairly easy and quick. Tips can't be added on a card payment... They only accept Cash for tips. FYI.
3	I came here on my lunch break for a quick mani-pedi. If you just need a basic mani-pedi in less than an hour, this is the place to go. They were quick, efficient, and got me out the door and back to my work with two minutes to spare. All that to say, there was not an extra long leg massage (or hand massage!), they didn't put my nails under a dryer when I was done, it was basically as bare bones as you can get. It served my purposes of getting what I needed quickly but I wouldn't recommend it if you need a nice manicure and pedicure. They didn't even try to sell me on a flower for my toes :)
2	it isn't the most wonderful place. services was okay. down part is, they dont Accept Discover nor Amex? seriously who does that?????wont be returning there. thanks tho.
5	No appointment needed.  Brow wax $10.  Tips required in cash per sign saying "...from this day forward".  Small salon with attentive, pleasant staff.   Right in Old Town .
3	I got acrylic nails with a design. I've had better. I've had worse. It was $35 total for the design on two nails. Check the pictures I got a snowman and snowflake. I was going to have her do a Santa but I wasn't impressed so I had her stop at those two. She had to redo the snowman once... I got a picture off of Google and she tried to copy it. It was alright. The snowman has lines of red throughout in places it shouldn't really be. It's tedious work though.
3	$36 for a mani/pedi with callus removerI was pleased with the job they did. My friend said her mani was just ok. Her cuticles weren't cleared out well.That might be because they got crowded. I would suggest scheduling an appointment.
5	My girlfriend and I started looking for a new, great nail place in old town when we had experienced a botched full set manicure 2 weeks back. We went in on a Sunday, when they were pretty busy, and not only did we get in and out w in an hour, we both were so happy w our fill! The lady was efficient and she fixed my horrible nail job. I will be back, and I will try to aim for the morning hours so they aren't so busy.
2	I won't be back to Queen Nails.  I stopped because I thought it would be fun to have fake nails again.  When I walked in, I was not greeted. . .while looking around for prices a customer asked me if I would like a price guide and handed me hers.  Then an employee asked if she could help me.  I said I wanted acrylic nails--she just put her head down and kept working. . .first sign. . should have listened to my gut. .  After about 10 minutes of waiting,  the same employee said "you, here".  I went over to the table. . .still hopeful.  The table was filthy. . old nail shaving and pieces all over--resting under my hands.  I told the girl I wanted basic acrylic in a square shape.  She started applying tips without giving any care to my hands (did not push the cuticle back or even file).  She finished my nails in about 10 minutes.  The nails are sloppy, sharp and uneven. (pictures to follow)  Then came the last kicker. . .she said I owed $35.  I said that the price list said $25.  She said "no, $35).  I paid and left and will not be back.****Update, I went back and the woman rebuffed my nails so they were not jagged and razor sharp.  They are still in pretty rough shape----use caution at this salon!
5	This is a no-frills nail salon. Ask for Tammy. She does a spectacular job at fake nails with gels. I always go back for her to do the fill. It's not a super pretty salon, so don't expect that. But they are affordable, and they will get you in if you call ahead. If you walk in, expect to wait! People complaining about waiting are ridiculous. There are not many nail techs working all at once, so they can't help everyone right when they walk in. You should definitely call ahead with this place.
