5	E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES!!!Philadelphia Eagles fans in Vegas, if you don't know about this place, there is something SERIOUSLY wrong. Get to know Jersey's INTIMATELY. All I can say is this place is my absolute hands down favorite place to watch an eagles game (INCLUDING PHILLY) in the world.Nothin like being 2000 miles from LI-FI and being surrounded by green jersey-clad philadelphians singing "Fly eagles Fly" (the bartenders hand out the lyrics if you're not a true Eagles Fan) and watching your Eagles kick A$$!Full menu, cheap beer, GREAT SERVICE, great people, and no one rushes you out, as you're expected to stay at your table for the whole game. Go early-pregame to reserve prime real estate; though TVs are visible pretty much everywhere. Oh, and I don't advise going within 50 yards of the place if you happen to be wearing Cowboys or Giants regalia or you may... no no... you WILL be harrassed.... And yes.... by me too....
5	Got lucky as I arrived at 10am the other day to the doors being open by Shila, the beautiful bartender!Was hesitant to go to one of the little local video poker bars off the strip, but was really impressed! It was just Shila, myself and an old man drinkin a draft beer. Shila and I talked as I played Dueces Wild on the bar and I ordered some breakfast.She was telling me the bar is totally dedicated to all sports teams from Philly. Wish I wouldve known during the 1st 2 World Series games - Im sure the place was crazy!Full 3 egg breakfast was 6 bucks and the beer was comped. Nice!Theres a lot of room in this place! Theres couches and tables all around the bar so a bigger group would fit in just fine. Big screen TVs galore! Video poker machines will keep you busy during the game and the progressive jackpot for a royal flush was 1200!You sure were friendly Shila! Hope to see you again!
4	not sure what scott was talkin bout but this place is NOT CLOSED...goin there tonight for MNF.
4	Minus one star for this place being infested with the obnoxious people known as eagles fans.. otherwise it would be a nice spot!Food - wings, BLT, and sliders were all good. Not PT's good, but solid. The specails during the game were great - $2.50 domestics, $3.50 imports. Service was awesome and it seemed like the bartenders really get to know the regulars.
1	Not open on 1-3-10. Out of business? Waste of a cab ride from the strip.
