1	Avoid.Came in when website listed they would be open, but it wasn't. So we walked the lot for 30 minutes looking at cars and finally decided to call the dealership number. Lady said times listed were for repair shop. Well... okay... maybe someone should fix that?Left, came back in the afternoon.Walked around the lot, nobody approached us.Decided to go inside, nobody greeted, acknowledged or approached us. So we uncomfortably stood around for 15 minutes looking at the showroom models and reading brochures. We decided to leave when an obese man wearing extremely tight clothes approached and asked if we needed some help. Yes. We are interested in a car.So we went onto the lot to look at some specific cars. We asked about pricing and why the listed prices were several thousand higher than other dealerships in the region. The salesman explained that the prices were marked just barely up enough to make a profit.Sorry... we started laughing. I mean, come on guy. Am I supposed to believe these are the most profit-hating car salesmen in history? The lying was obvious, and shameful. By the way, if you're going to give a line like that, at least try not to stutter and look away while saying it. We went to look at a slightly used model, and asked why the two year old car was marked $2,500 more than what Kelly Blue Book was listing."Well, Kelly Blue Book is just a standard."Uh huh... Yah think? We explained that we wanted to test drive a car. After asking which one, he said he would need to copy the drivers license and fill out some forms (never been asked that at any dealership before... but okay). After a bit, he came back with the keys and said he was sorry we had to wait so long... this was his first week on the job and the manager told him he should see if we needed help. That made us more uncomfortable. It's apparent someone sized us up coming into the place and decided we weren't worth the time so we got the half-wit rookie. Okay, it's one thing to give the new guy a chance, it's another to be sized up.Well, the rookie went to get the car. We waited on the curb for about 10 minutes... kicking rocks and waiting. Maybe he got lost? He finally shows up, hops out and then proceeds to open the doors and show us the car, pointing out obvious things like, "as you can see, the back door swings all the way open."No kidding?Then he says, "we don't do test drives 30 minutes before closing, and we close at 5." Oh, well then by all means, let's NOT buy a car. I'm more than happy to take money to a competitor.We couldn't even drive the thing around the lot, nothing. But where to start with this?- salesman wont make any extra effort- dummy wasted time that could have been used to get us into a car before closing He then asked us to make an appointment to come back for a test drive. We said absolutely not and for all of the reasons described above, and adding that we felt like we were treated very badly and will not be purchasing a car from this lot. After we left, we got a call from the Chevy dealership across town at about 7 p.m.. The Chevy salesman was profusely apologizing for not returning our phone call earlier... he had been with a customer up to that. He left his personal cell phone number and said to call him at any time. Now THAT'S how to behave as a professional.Apparently that dealership doesn't shoo customers away at 5 p.m. We're going to keep shopping for the best deal in the region, but the Chevy dealership is already at the top of our list. BTW - if you Nissan folks ever read this: we said we were interested in buying one car, actually we were interested in buying two. We just wanted to see how we were treated first.
2	This is your typical dealership experience.  They will repair everything, but will charge an arm and a leg for it.  I don't how they do it, but their price for parts on repairs is higher than the listed MSRP per Nissan's parts list.  Each time I have mentioned this to them, they say that I must have looked up the old price list (almost any Nissan dealership that sells parts online has a price list, showing the actual MSRP and their discounted price).   Whenever they have not had the part in stock, they will special order it, and then fail to call me that the part is in - this has happened perhaps three or four times already.  An unusual pet peeve of mine - here in the midwest, no one uses the parking brake.  I grew up in San Francisco so out of habit I use the parking brake every time I park.  I've seen the valet/jockey drive off in my vehicle without releasing the parking brake on multiple occasions, so I have to make a special effort to not set the brake when I leave the car with them.  I HATE the feeling of the car rolling against the parking pawl - that is not what the system was designed to do!  Naturally when I pick up the vehicle, the parking brake is never set.  Yes, a strange thing I dislike, but c;mon folks, the parking brake should be used whenever you park - that is what it was designed for.If your car is under warranty, sure take it to the dealer.  However, I'm not sure I've really gotten an honest vibe from this place despite taking my vehicle here for repairs over the past nine years.
1	Just back home. sign up only for this nissan dealer. If u r not insane, DON'T GO!!!!!
1	I walked into this dealership in the market for a slightly used car with 14K to spend.  I don't know if they sized me up and didn't like the clothes i was wearing but I walked around the lot peering into prospective cars for the better part of a half hour while waiting for a salesperson to come out.  After getting tired of waiting i walked inside thinking that everyone must be extremely busy not to notice a potential customer walking around the lot.  So i walk in the door and stood around for another 10 minutes before getting the attention of a guy whose hair was slicked back with about a gallon of hair spray (maybe he wanted to ensure that his doo would survive a nuclear blast?) holding it in place.  I told him I was interested in looking at purchasing a vehicle.  Doofis: 40 some year old trying to relive being in a frat based on his clothing, hairstyle, language and demeanor: "Um I'm not actually a salesman."me: well what do you do then?Doofis: I'm a supplier so i don't really deal with prospective customersme: um sure, why not?  Can you get me a salesperson, I'm interested in buying a car.So he leaves for about 5 minutes and comes back with some kid who looked like he was about 15 and looking forward to watching afternoon cartoons after he got done wiping down cars and sweeping the lot.Kid who looked like he wasn't even old enough to be working legally: "I'm Chad" (can't remember his name but just look for the 15 year old trying to be like doofis in every way) "how much money do you have to put down today?"ME: well I have about 14K between cash and pre approved loanKID: well most of the cars here are priced higher than that.  Were you looking to finance at all?ME: yeah thats why i have a loan in handKID: ok what are you looking for?Long story short i proceeded to rattle off a few models I had  been looking into.  He showed me a couple of older cars in my price range (all of which had obvious paint missing, dents, and a big sign on the side window NO WARRANTY.  SOLD AS IS.  After looking at a few and an extremely awkward conversation that made it clear this kid was probably on his first job, i sat in a Honda Civic.  I then asked him to tell me more about the vehicle.KID: well its a honda and they make great carsME: a Honda? Wow you don't say.  KID: what else do you want to know?ME: how many previous owners, was it a repo or fleet car, whats the maintenance history aka carfax, and why so much when it has obvious damage to the body by way of paint chips on the side.KID: we can get you a carfax for $75 and we price our vehicles as cheaply as possible.  you're buying from a dealership not a private party.ME: *getting annoyed at this point*KID: (while I was in the drivers seat) "The dashboard looks like a spaceship" ( I kid you not this is what i was dealing with)ME: sure.  Can I test drive it?KID goes on to tell me that I can test drive it after we go over the paperwork and ensures that I would be approved for a loan. (this after telling him multiple times I had a loan in hand)  I promptly thanked him for wasting my time and that he should seek out some customer service training.  To which he said "sorry have a nice day."  Well I did have a great day and an even better day after that when i went to a dealer who greeted me as soon as I walked in the door with a great salesperson who gave me a test drive without making me fill out anything, a free carfax, and someone who did a great job earning my business.  Now thats more like it!  I was thinking throughout the day at this other dealer which will appear in a review to come.Dear Yelp, can you please allow users to award negative stars?  Sometimes a single star is just too generous.  Sorry for the long winded review but please don't go here if you would like to treated like a valuable customer.
5	I read the negative reviews about Illini Nissan but I bought a used Subaru through them (on the Subaru lot) and I thought they were great.  I think it's under new management but I really liked Craig.  I waited a few months to write the review to make sure I hadn't gotten a lemon.  I thought they were fair and pleasant.
