5	If you play golf? You gotta play Badlands Golf. This course is about 25 min from the The Strip. You gotta show up early if you want to take advantage of the driving range. They have lounge chairs at the range where you can relax and watch other players whack there golf balls. The carts have a/c blower that keeps you cool during the warm weather. The staff is friendly and very helpful. I got luck to be able to play with a club member whom moved to Vegas from my neighborhood where I live. He was a lot of help during my play at this course. He even showed me the homes of the Vegas Bigwigs. I had a great time.
5	Great course if you don't play full fare.Excellent conditions, True & challenging greens,Course rewards good shots and isn't too punitive for bad onesWould definitely play again.
4	Badlands is probably the 2nd most difficult course I've played in my life.   I felt mentally and physically exhausted after playing here.  It was very beautiful and a lovely golf course, but BRUTAL.  The fact it was windy certainly didnt help, but it would be a tough course regardless.  There are several fairways one must drive on due to length that are postage stamps, and greens that are often surrounded by hazards.  It didnt shock me when I learned that Johnny Miller was the golf course designer, given the fact he acts like anything inside 125yards should be drained.  The round cost $100 and that included free range balls.  To give you an idea of the difficulty, I typically shoot somewhere between 88 on a good day to 95 on a bad day, and I shot a 103 and yet didnt feel I played that bad.  The slope is very misleading, in my opinion.  I especially liked how they had ice filled AC units to cool the back of your neck.  I've never seen that before so it was pretty neat. One weird thing is I probably saw 400 rabbits while playing.....no exaggeration....400 might even be underestimating it.  There were literally EVERYWHERE....fairways,,,,teeboxes.....greens.    Dont they have any predators?   All in all it's a great course, but I wont be playing it again.   I dont need that much stress in a golf round while on vacation!!!!
4	Having my dad in town from Alaska, I wanted to treat him to a round of golf over the weekend.  Fortunately in Vegas, there are many options to choose from.  We chose Badlands Golf Club off of Alta near the SunCoast casino.  After a little sunburn and sore hands from swinging, we can report that this tough but fair course it something any golfer should check out while in town.For the cost of around $85-$150 depending on day and time of year, you get 18 holes in a canyon-like environment tucked away in an area you can't even see from the road yet has great views of the valley around you.  Many of the holes are separated by cliffs, canyons or water traps that force you to either drive long or just chance it and end up losing quite a few balls.  You can rescue some, but there is the risk of falling or finding a predator (though with the copius amounts of rabbits and ground squirrels around, not much is getting eaten.The carts are great as they have air conditioning that kicks on every time you sit down.  The clubhouse is fully stocked with an excellent pro-shop (though a bit overpriced on the rentals; $60 for clubs, $25 for shoes, $25 per person for Cart) and a nice restaurant/bar area.  It's close to Suncoast so you can enjoy the features of a nearby casino/hotel, especially if you live out of town.While this course pretty much kicked my butt, I would golf it again.  It has three different 9-hole courses so you can come here multiple times and get a different golfing experience every time.  It may not be the best course in town but it is definetly work checking out.
4	This is a very difficult course. Leave you driver at home.
4	If this course was not so darn hard it would rate a 5 star.This course physically beats you up.There is a sign in their brochure that states " you do not have a course like this at home." That is absolutely true ..........It is unique ...............If you have people come from out of town, the Badlands must be one of the courses you play. It is target golf to to the extreme. You constantly hit over arroyos ( at least you hope you do ) to beautiful patches of fairway.The course has always been in great shape.The club house is supurb and the staff members are very friendly and will take care of all your needs.They have a very nice practice range and putting facility.The last time I played, the wind made it impossible to even score on any hole. It was always hit and hope.The foursome in front of us asked for a "Wind Check," the club pro just laughed and said "now you know why we call it the badlands."The course has three distinct nine hole layouts and you can have a different 18 hole experience each time you play.You get "beat up," but you will come back again and again.A great golf course in Las Vegas.An experience not to be missed.................( just go play an easier course like Angel Park after this one - so you will feel better about your game )
4	Great place to golf - really friendly staff - and the cart girls put up with some serious drunk dudes in our group - good times would be happy to spray balls all over this course again anytime,  ....who is BK anyway?
4	Great course and very challenging. Lost quite a few balls into the "B.L.'s" but found quite a few as well. Suggest taking an extra club you don't mind thrashing. I didn't want to scratch up my irons so I took quite a few lateral hazard penalty strokes, and a few mexican foot wedges. Definitely will take an old club to play from the BL's next time. That is the dirt rock area on every hole.Course was beautiful and some amazing houses to gawk at. There are 3 - 9 hole courses and I played them all. Keep the big dog in the bag for most of Desperado or you will get your "a" kicked.Good location, 10 min from strip, next to Suncoast, 5 minutes from Cafe Rio.
4	I loved this course from the beauty, settings, homes, etc.   But the course has two 9 hole courses that will kill you.
3	Not one of my favorite golf courses.....it's a "target golf" course, which means that it's not very forgiving if you're not accurate.  Tucked away in Summerlin between the Suncoast & Rampart Casinos, this course is 10x better than Angel Park as far as quality of the course.  There are three 9 hole courses that you combine to create your 18 hole round.  Here's the breakdown for each 9 hole course:DesperadoChampionship - 3,349 ydsBack - 3,095 ydsMiddle - 2,859 ydsLadies - 2,371 ydsDiabloChampionship - 3,586 ydsBack - 3,342 ydsMiddle - 3,092 ydsLadies - 2,690 ydsOutlawChampionship - 3,256 ydsBack - 3,066 ydsMiddle - 2,817 ydsLadies - 2,494 ydsMy last visit we played Diablo & Outlaw.  I didn't do so well....lost a ton of balls and was frustrated most of the day.  Pretty much par for the course...ha!  The greens and course were in great shape, but these courses that play long and tight just aren't for me.You better bring your A-Game when you come to this course.  I wouldn't recommend it for beginners or high handicapped players.....it will frustrate you and there are better options in Vegas that will be more enjoyable.Will I return?  I probably will, to see if I can conquer this course....long shot, I know.
5	Great golf course! Par4 Management took over a while back and did everything to accomodate my group of 8 golfers.  Hats off to Ross and his crew.  The course itself is challenging I wouldn't recommend it for beginners because it is target golf.  If you can't hit at least 150 yards in the air with some accuracy, it will be a long day... for everyone.The range is all grass not mats with new range balls.  Carts are silent electric and have GPS. There are 3 nines. Desperado, Diablo and Outlaw. Outlaw has a great par5  finishing hole protected by water. Greens are in great shape and roll quickly.  I would recommend getting a course guide at the pro shop to get familiar with the greens. Because the pin placement on quite a few holes were brutal. (in the middle of a slope- leaving an impossible putt if you were above the hole)Also, they place their tee times 10 minutes apart instead of the 8 minutes that other courses do.  This is really nice not to be waiting for the group ahead of you or to have a huge group stacked behind you. The rental clubs are new Callaway sets. They have quite a few lefty sets as well. Highly recommend for a great golf experience!
3	This review is mostly because of the "A-ok" conditions the course was in.  The morning started off with the starter saying the range is closed on Thursdays, it was 645 am and we needed to loosen our muscles a little bit. Then we went to roll some putts and the greens were recently plugged. ehhhhThe place is seriously preparing for the hot summer conditions. The greens were plugged within the last two weeks, and all the fairways and tees looked like they hadn't been mowed in 3 or 4 days, maybe more. In this prime growing season the grass is growing like crazy so they are probably just making sure everything is healthy before the big time heat moves into the valley.  But honestly, golfers don't care. That's your problem. We don't want to pay good money to play on bumpy and slow greens, and we want to be able to tee our ball down to the ground on par 3's. Also, if we hit less than driver off the tee we don't want to catch a lot of grass before the ball because it's not properly mowed down. That's annoying and not good fun golfOverall the layout of the two 9's we played are ok, some good holes, some kinda bad holes in my opinion. We played the Desperado 9 first and then the Outlaw 9 after that. The weather was great and we were early out so not much waiting around. That's always a nice way to play some golf.This course will be very challenging to beginners because it is definitely "target golf." If you don't hit the fairways you will almost always have to replay the shot, you most likely won't be able to play it out of the desert unless you want to destroy your clubs on the billions of rocks out there. I guess I had a pretty good time. It was still golf on a beautiful day with some fun friends. Just disappointed with the conditions of the golf course. If it was in good shape and calm again it would be a 4+ star golf course, but if it's windy, be prepared to reload because you're going to hit a few shots off line and into the rocks!ps there's some pretty remarkable houses on the property, be sure to look around check some of them out as you're touring the links.
4	Played here several months ago.  And when I think of the experience that I had I have to say that the staff and the conditions of the course were Excellent!  It came soo close to 5 stars but I have to reserve that honor for experiences that truly go above and beyond what I expect and more.  So from the beginning of the day when we met the gentleman in charge of the carts we had great service.  He made sure the cart was stocked and ready with tee's and ice in the cooler.  The starter gave us the layout of the land and a funny quip or two and sent us off on our way.  The fairways were immaculate and so were the greens (a little fast, though, haha).  The clubhouse was beautiful and we had some food on the turn, which was great.  All in all I have to say that this experience is one that I would like to have again (with a lower score though)!
5	My buddies and I played at this course last Saturday (after getting snubbed at Angel Park Golf) and had a great time. At $49 twilight rate (Angel Park was trying to charge us $85) it was pretty cheap and well worth it. The course is far superior to Angel Park in terms of service, staff, and the course layout. It is definitely a cerebral and target course.....a GEM.  I highly recommend this course to anyone. Just make sure to bring your A game. I will play this course again when I am in town.
4	Well maintained beautiful course! Price was reasonable at 99 for a weekend! But this course is definitely not built for beginners. It's a difficult round if Target golf. Driving over gulleys to land on fairway, then another great shot needed to reach island like greens surrounded by dirt and rock! Lots of creativity needed on this course unless you are a seasoned golfer.
3	This is not the time of year to play here at Badlands.. We played Outlaw first, the greens were topnotch for being summer time, and the fairways ok.. Outlaw is the easier 9... And really easy for those who can keep ball in play... Unfortunately when we got to Diablo , the golf course changed on every hole,as they are getting ready to over-seed and fairways were not playable, like clumps of grass and chunks of dirt piles everywhere except part of the rough.. the last 3-4 holes were terrible.. Granted they were going to close as of today to over-seed, they could start their work on the golf course tomorrow.. It was not mention the fairways were chewed up, funny cart path golf til 10am, due to the wet conditions??? I found the Outlaw course was firm enough to drive on, since the gps provided on cart was useless on the cart path, if you know what I mean.. GPS never told us how far the gulley and/or carry was from tee box and/or fairway, and I found the GPS was not all accurate either?The staff was friendly , and the facilities was clean...And the cart gal came by often, if needed...Nice views of mountains and some neat looking homesI would of rated 5 stars , if the playing conditions were better and if they got rid of the dead gold fish in the ponds next to greens...(smelly)
4	Tough golf course if your not hitting it straight.  The smallest offline hit puts you in a canyon or desert.  Still course condition is great.  Practice facilities great.  Stall great.  Good course but not for beginners.
4	Took advantage of a Saturday 4pm locals twilight rate of $19.  I was given the Outlaw course for the 9 holes I played.Overall the condition of the course was pretty good, nothing spectacular, but still very well kept. I read a lot of reviews saying how hard this course is and I didn't feel it at all... I felt a few of the par 4's were almost drivable and getting on in two on a Par 5 also doable. My biggest complaint was pace of play, on many holes I was backed up 2-3 people.  I don't know if there is anything the starter can do about it, but that was just a little pet peeve. Other than that, the staff was friendly and I plan on returning hopefully when the course isn't as busy.
5	Badlands Golf Course is the gold standard for golf in Las Vegas. The 27 hole course exudes professionalism at every turn. This includes the staff, clubhouse, driving range, and the course itself. I am usually not one to spend a lot on a tee time but before I left Vegas I just had to give it a try and I'm so happy I did.The course itself is made up of 3 different 9 hole courses that are all extremely difficult with many steep drop-offs and hidden gullies. If you are a beginner or someone who gets frustrated easily I would strongly advise against playing this course. Unfortunately I won't have the opportunity to play this course for a while. Boooooooo!
5	Badass.However, if you are like me and shoot 92-105 at most places, this will be a nightmare.  Best part of course was looking at the $10 Million homes that liter it.
3	No Water, 110 degree heat. No cart girl except in the morning. Can't bring own stuff.  Enough said. Cheap to play and decent course conditions? true. Challenging and well designed? true. Not worth playing unless its in the spring, fall or winter. Bunch of millionaires and billionaires must be living on this course to have the kind of houses that are there.
1	Absolutely the worst course I have played in a long time!! I would have been better off keeping my $100 and put it on the tables, at least they are green, smooth, and I can get a cocktail... They have the whole driving range shut down, putting and chipping green is closed, the cart gal finally make it out to us on the 18th fairway?? Really... I would not recommend this course to anyone. I wish I could give it a -star...
4	This is a great golf course.  Good prices, great staff and a good variation in the course layout.  Highly recommended especially for group events.
3	The golf course itself was maintained well. The staff here are very courteous and friendly. The ponds are horrendous with buildup and flying bugs. The smell from several was very gross.
4	One of the better coarses for the money $19 for after 3pm tee times! Coarse can be challenging for the novice golfer. Its a target golf coarse. Downside is the play can be slow due to overbooking.
3	Time for a review update.  I recently played this golf course and it's still one of the toughest golf courses I've ever played.  There is no room for error here.  If you're not hitting them straight, then you're in for a long day.We played Desperado & Outlaw.  Both courses were in great shape.  The recent rains and floods in Vegas did not impact these courses.  The fairways and greens were very well kept.I wasn't hitting them particularly straight, so I struggled.  It also didn't help that Desperado was cart path only....that meant a lot of walking for 9 holes.  The weather was awesome and the drink cart girls kept us hydrated, so we were very happy despite not playing very well.Return Factor - 65%
4	This course would be considered a target golf course as the fairways dont offer alot of room...A challenging course to say the least but with the 4 tee boxes for any level of player, I'm confident that you will be pleased with the facilities...
4	Arrive to play Golf in the Desert and end up with a DELUGE on the only rainy weekend in the history of Las Vegas where it rains 3 consecutive days... Well Anyway we are off on our 1st round of gold and its Diablo / Desperado 9's on this 27 hole gem in the middle of the desert.  Arrive, Check in and head to the Driving range with is complimentary but has no grass only simulate mat's which are fine as its 48 degrees and drizzle when we begin our round.   Putting green is for the amount of moisture quick but greens are very soft. Play the Desparado 9 which is Target golf at its finest yet fairways are plush and course if VERY Fair.  Even though we only got through 9 holes before the heavens opened up the course is very playable yet in great shape.  Knocks off for super soft greens probably much better in drier conditions. Gave us 9 hole rain check for out non finished round and the clubhouse was decent for public course and drinks and piping hot chili to warm the spirits after a freezing 9 holes was a welcome sight. very nice people here which worked to make us happy and I would not hesitate to come here again and finish what we started
5	Well, since no one has described this course as "target golf", I guess I will!.....JK. This course kicked my b*tt! I'm a 17 handicap....the stereotypical bogie golfer, who can "F" up a good round of golf w/ the best of em', but i mean this course.....aye, yay, yay! I finished w/ a 105 and felt good about that!I played the Desperado/Outlaw combo. Desparado was designed by some diabolical manics (aka Chi Chi Rodriquez and Johnny Miller) recently released from the Las Vegas state mental ward.Imagine narrow fairways that resembled astro turf rolled out maybe 20 yds wide w/ a white pole sticking out of it about 150 yds from the tee box. So, if you're lucky enough to not land in the cactus area left or right of the fairway, your next shot doglegs left to a drop off (75' elevation change) green about 130' from the white pole.Of course, the green is centered on a 35' high stone wall w/ approximately 30' of fringe to wall runout. BTW..the stone wall encirles the green for about 220 degrees behind the green and leaves an opening to the green that is approached by a 50' rocky hazard path of down sloped boulders for about 20' short of the green.And did i tell you, if you fly the stone wall....you end up out of bounds!"Ugly (tough)" and "challenging" aren't strong enough adjectives, but needless to say this butt whipping of a course really whet my appetite for more. I will be back to conquer this "fire-breathing dragon" some time next year!
1	This place is Horrible.  And I thought this was going to be a great day in paradise.  Course is very challenging.  Target golf, choose wisely golf, easy up and back down golf.   This appears to be fun but its a day of looking for your ball for 85 percent of the golfers.   Give up quick and just drop.  You need a Driver, 7 iron, wedge, putter and a .22 for all the fairway bunny bandits.  The downfall really is in course management.  Dry and ripped up.  And blind shots on an already tough course.  The grass changes the trajectory of all the shots.   There is no room for error until the ball lands on the course.   I do not recommend this course.  It was a beautiful day and the Cart girl came once and that was at the turn.  The Grill shuts down at 3pm.  I was hungry, and so was my party.....thanks but no thanks.  We took our 8 person party to Brio across the street for happy hour which was the best thing of the day.  Where we all talked about the courses unhealthy appearance.4 Members and 4 Guests.   I am a guest.  I would hate to be a member.Shot a 114 all said and done.   And I was happy to leave.   But I will be back to receive a welcome response from this poorly trained Staff.
4	I am conflicted about this course because the I love the course, but had some mixed experiences with the staff.  I may have (hopefully) caught them on a bad day or busy period.  Staff was very quick to catch me on my way to the clubhouse and help me with my clubs which was cool.  The one thing that was kinda annoying was that I had to wait around for the same guys to give me a bucket of balls for the range.  In their defense, a bunch of guys pulled up so they had to help them with the bags, but it would have taken them 20 seconds to scoop a small bucket of balls and send me on my way.  I got tired of waiting and decided to help myself to the balls LOL.  The range is nice, hitting off real grass.  Didn't have too much time to putt on the practice green but it looked decent.  There's 27 holes broken up into 3 courses.  We played Desperado and Outlaw.Guys, this place is target golf and kicked my ass, especially Desperado, but I love the views of the homes and appreciate the difficulty of the course.  It is NOT a grip it and rip it course.  You will be punished severely for missing 10 yards left or right.  Greens were fast but fair.  Finished the round in 4.5 hours.  I think a group can finish a round in 4 hours if they know their way around the course.Overall, I will definitely be back.  I hate to be a whiner with regards to waiting for range balls but I didn't have much time before teeing off and it definitely tested my patience before the course completely destroyed it LOL.  I will revise the next time I visit and experience differently.
5	First day of my 5 day golf trip was at the course.  Played outlaw and diablo and I have to say, this tested my game.  I hit 6 iron three times off the tee, which was different.  Service was incredible and course was in good shape.  I would recommend this course to anyone looking for courses in Vegas.  Definitely playing this one again.
4	Excellent course and excellent staff. Hit straight shots, or you'll have a very long round--very little room for error. Played Diablo and Desperado today--both courses in beautiful shape. Can't wait to go back!
3	Decent course. The course is made up of 3 9 hole courses. Unfortunately to try and maintain some flow, they try and do too much on each 9. It's a decent test, a lot of it has todo with the blind shots and lack of course knowledge for anyone playing it for the first time. The GPS units on the cart could use a major upgrade. They are archaic at best. If you simply want to play a course go and play this course otherwise spend your money elsewhere. I almost have this course a 2 star. The course conditions were mediocre. I might play this course again, but it is not at the top of my list.
3	This is a very tough course. I am a 10-12 handicapper and after playing Diablo and Desperado, I was super frustrated with my game. If you like to hit it long and forgiving, Badlands is NOT your course. Badlands takes a lot of course management and ball placement. I had none that day I played. It's also hard when you always need to pull out a 3-iron, rescue driver or 3-wood when teeing off. The fairways are super narrow, there are hazards and rocky areas all over the course and there are tons of water and bunker hazards throughout the course. Good luck to you weekend golfers! I wouldn't recommend it to you all. The course was in good shape . Nice green fairways and greens. Make sure you bring a Vegas "rock club" also!
4	I like complex and difficult courses like this.  The course was well maintained and its a classy place for golfers.  The carts has GPS and ice chests with water.  The service is good but they could have sped up a group somewhere in front of us as it dragged on later in the day.  I was happy with this place and hope to come back again.
4	Played there Monday, December 8. The good: Great staff greeted us.  Nice facility.  Great course layout.  Fun desert golf.  Not easy.... but beautiful scenery and challenging courses.  We played desperado and outlaw.  As nice as youll find for the price.  The not so good:  Crusty, grumpy starter.  Not so friendly.  NO cart girl/beer cart on the the golf course!  This really is not good in Vegas.  Lastly... course in great shape but green a bit beat up.  this is mostly on the players i guess.  We need to fix our divots golfers.
