3	Decently sized theater. Layout and theater selection choices are well above average and amenities are plentiful. Besides several arcades to pass the time, you can play some games. And there is an air hockey table (yay!). The seats are hard, but of decent quality. Leg room is fine if you're not too tall. The seat slope is great, so you'll never have to look past somebody's head.The movie was somewhat on the soft side. Bordering on out of focus around the sides. I hope that was operator error or a freak accident.One of the nicest theaters around. Will definitly revisit.
4	Just a regular movie theatre. Nothing remarkable but nothing to complain about either.
4	Leather seats - yes please! It seems they have revamped the theater which is great! It's still a typical Cineplex movie theater (minus comparing it to the new VIP ones). Average customer service, expensive prices, simple layout. Leather seats - lots of leg room, reclining chairs, and moveable arm rests. Defiantly the best part of the theater.
3	On X-Files, Fox Mulder had a poster in his office that says "I WANT TO BELIEVE" - and I really want  to!  I want to believe that this is the best movie theatre around, but really, I'm not feeling it.Galaxy Cinemas at Conestoga Mall was the first big box multiplex to come to the City of Waterloo.  I remember when it was first built I was so excited.  I remember lining up for blockbuster movies in the cold.  And I remember that despite the inconvenience it was fun to hang out with the others in line.  The thing is, time after time when I came here I would be disappointed.  Prices are high and there are better amenities elsewhere.  However, I am not really interested in making a big trip to go see a movie, so I keep coming back...I want to believe that this theatre can do better, and I hope I am right...  I guess only time will tell!
4	I personally used to be anti-Galaxy because I found they had a higher price point than the competing empire theatres. Lucky for me I was converted by a friend of mine thanks to their SCENE rewards program.  As a SCENE member you get not only discounts but can rack up points for free movies something that makes Galaxy my go to movie theatre. Anyways onto the theatre itself, located at Conestoga Mall this Galaxy has been around for a while now. This is great for students living in Waterloo as one can take the bus there quite easily. Tuesday night they have discount nights with tickets being almost half-price and they're even cheaper if you're a SCENE member. That being said it was beginning to seem a bit dated in comparison to some of the newer theatres popping up in the area. Thankfully recently they underwent efforts to improve the experience, adding new leather seats, 3d projectors, d-box seat and other gimmicky things to improve the movie viewing experience and get you in the door.  Long story short this theatre itself is above average and makes you feel appreciated as a customer. I still think 3D movies are a rip off but when there's a movie out worth seeing you can bet I'll be seeing it here.
1	I was very dissatisfied with the concession stand. I asked for butter halfway and on top and of course because this is Canada we like to charge everyone on everything possible so they charged me for double butter..anyways I said I'm sorry I didn't think it would be double charge you never informed me of that...she throws the entire bag out and makes a new one with butter only on the top this time....I absolutely hate it when people do that. The popcorn bag practically made out with the garbage can then she refilled that same bag for this "new" popcorn. I was so disgusted I had to ask for a third one because I wasn't going to accept that lovely garbage can juice on my popcorn. Management was standing there and watched the whole situation how bad is that???
