4	Excellent place to eat for lunch (or maybe even dinner). This is a new casual eatery opened on Gibson Rd in Henderson. This is near my work, so I decided to try it out since I've heard good things about its California locations...Well, I am usually not a big meat eater...but this place was excellent!!! Just like the name implies...you get pastrami here in addition to other succulent sandwiches.The portions are HUGE!!! I got a "small" which felt like an XL pastrami. I am originally from the East coast, so let me tell you when I say that it was the best pastrami that I've ever had, it means a lot. The meat was tender, but not too much so, spicy but not overkill. Rye bread is delish and made fresh--you can really taste the freshness in this place from bread to meat--everything is super fresh and top notch.The prices are a bit high for a sandwich place, but considering sandwich sizes and quality, it is worth it.I also tried their liver sandwich, which was excellent as well.With each sandwich combo, you either get a side of potato salad (pretty good, but not ground breaking in taste), cole slaw, chips or fries. Fries are excellent dinner-style and taste great!!!Overall, I am glad that this place opened. It is definitely one of the best lunch stops out there. I would even try it for dinner if I ever so desired...
2	First of all, I really wanted to like this place.  I've read such positive reviews and I was really looking forward to a great pastrami sandwich.  I ordered an original pastrami on a french roll with potato salad and a soft drink.  The total bill was $12.88, so I would say a little on the expensive side.  The french roll and the pastrami were both very dry.  I had to keep adding mustard to moisten it up a little.  After every few bites, I had to keep taking a drink just to put moisture back in my mouth.  I've heard they make their own rye bread, so maybe that is better?The potato salad looked good, but the seasoning they use is heavy on dill.  I don't like dill at all, and so that is all I could taste.  If you don't mind dill, you might like their potato salad.By the end of my meal, I had most of the potato salad and the two ends of the dry french roll left on the table.  I ended up eating the rest of the meat plain.  Maybe I just caught them on a "bad" day?  But judging that I was there around Noon (the lunch hour), and there were only three other people eating,  shows that this is not a local favorite.
1	Really not even worth one star. As a transplanted new yorker I know my pastrami ( Katz's and Carnegie deli)  I ordered the deluxe pastrami sandwich what I got was the most tasteless and dry and blandest sandwich I have ever tasted it was the same taste and texture of sizzlelean. The rye bread was not that great either. It's a disgrace to call themselves a NY style deli. I took one bite and took the rest home to my dog and he even stcpuck his nose up and would not eat it. SAVE YOUR MONEY.
2	I wasn't a fan of the place. Not trying to be rude, the bread was stale. When we walked in there was only one other person during the lunch hour. Our order had several mistakes too. I would be hesitant to come back after this.
1	Worst place for a pastrami sandwich I ever went to, the pastrami itself was tasteless and bland it was not even pastrami it had the taste and consistancy of sizzlean, an insult to call this dried out jerky new York pastrami. Shame!!!
1	This place is a joke. The meat taste like it had been sitting under a heat lamp since the 80s. I am still thirsty from it being so dry. Please don't be tricked like i was by the clever name, and nice exterior. I want my money back ! If you want a Real , tender , zesty and taste-full pastrami ,Go to the Yardhouse at Town center.
