3	The atmosphere and decor are very in tune with what they serve...rustic booths, and bar, with fishing nets hanging on the walls. Went with my girlfriends, and we ordered the Rockefeller oysters, and the regular oysters, along with a lobster roll, and fries. The oysters, in my opinion, we're nothing to write home about. The lobster roll on the other hand was pretty good. The lobster meat was fresh, and not "rubbery". However, I think they should TOAST their buns, but other than that it was good. The fries were pretty good too, they're spiced up with something, can't quite put my finger on it, but whatever it is, it gave them an addictive taste, we couldn't stop eating them. On of my friends had a beer, the other had a Rum and coke and she said it was watered down. So I wouldn't go here for drinks.The staff is very nice and helpful when asked questions about the menu. When in the mood for a lobster roll, will consider this place again.
2	Came here in October with my mom and was not very impressed at all. We ordered a lobster sandwich which was just ok and some fries that came with it. The service was not that amazing either. Waitress took a long time to greet us and left us standing and waiting at the door for a good while. She didn't seem attentive or interested. Oysters were small and pricey compared to Lawrence's great oyster deal. Maybe the other dishes are better, but the lobster sandwich was definitely nothing special. Expensive too!
4	This place is a good spot for a great time - Atmosphere, Service, & Food: the breakdown.Atmosphere:  Visiting the Oyster Shack on St.Paddy's Day (eve) is sure to skew the status quo - but the Oyster shack is the quincentennial bustling Montreal pub / bar.  Located on Bishop St. (south of St. Catherine) the Oyster Bar is surrounded by similar establishments: Resto / pub attracting mainly University crowded and the local regulars.  You'll see and meet all kinds of people at the Oyster Shack - and this makes for a terrific opportunity to have a good time no matter the occasion.  The place itself is a little worse for wear though - scuffed furniture, creaky tables, faded signs / stickers - but they all seem to blend in to make for a very comfortable, even familiar atmosphere.   A great place to watch the game (any game) and a good place to have a group gathering (check out the upstairs)Note: the place is littered with cheesy / cliche furniture.  Surprisingly charming.Service:  There are (shockingly) 4 main staffers at the Oyster.  Two gents at the bar and two waitresses.  They work tirelessly to cover the two floors of patrons ~ and most of the time they do so with a smile and good conversation.  Hardworking, and willing to be of help.Food:  The menu direct and to the point ~ sea food is the name of the game.  Oysters, Clams, clam chowder, Calamari, and Shrimp cocktails are all on the menu.  The main dishes mostly feature seafood with a few exceptions (like the Shack Burger) that cater to the turf-lovin' dinners.  The food is good, but may be a hit and miss during time of great rush.  The menu's simplicity however almost assures that things are never far from what they should taste like.It was a happy surprise to end up there ~ will repeat.
1	Went here on a whim because: Yay seafood!Or so we thought.The service was lacklustre and slow.The portions were big, so it wasn't too expensive considering (the oysters are however).But the fun part came when we got home: our friend became violently ill.Food poisoning.We called the place to warn them and get some form of resolve.They were going to call back.We're still waiting on that call.Yeah, I'd stay clear of this one unless you like violently ridding yourself of your food shortly after your visit.
3	My husband and I stopped in for lunch a couple weeks ago and ordered salads and fried calamari. The waitress was pleasant, the place seemed clean and it was open early in the day (11:30am) which many of the other restaurants on Bishop Street were not. My salad was bland and not anything special, but the fried calamari and its accompanying dipping sauces were nice and had some spice to them. I'd give it another try if the opportunity presented itself. The decor is fun!
3	Great downtown location, wonderful staff and terrific service. The food was good, nothing mind blowing, just kind or average. Lots of potential though because the space and ambience is great!
3	I came here for a late lunch so I had the place to myself. I had a great seat open to the street. The waitress was excellent and very knowledgable about the oyster selection.  I got a dozen Goose Point oysters which were meaty and not too briny....perfect!  It was complimented with the traditional lemon wedge and cocktail sauce but also with a vinaigrette dipping sauce which was interesting. I prefer tobacco sauce on my oysters so sauces don't normally matter to me.  I also got the lobster roll which was disappointing as I consider myself a lobster roll aficionado. I've had the best that Maine and Boston can offer, this was not even close. I applaud the chef for his presentation but onions on a lobster roll is just terrible. I couldn't even enjoy the succulent meat over the overpowering chunks of white onion. I felt bad giving the waitress my negative opinion. It wasn't her fault that the chef doesn't know the reason that you spend $20 for a lobster roll is to taste the lobster. I recommended parsley if the chef was going for some color or chives if he was going for a onion overtone. But the best way to make a proper lobster roll is to keep it simple.  I would go back for the oysters but not the lobster roll!
4	Calamari was amazing. Had the mountain of seafood which was an exceptional amount of food for two people. Service was above par for Montreal
5	The service was excellent, knowledgable and friendly! The food was fresh and delicious. The oysters were amazing, we had four kinds - served fresh and cold. My salmon was done perfectly and the accompanying vegetables were just right. My wife's steak was exactly how she requested it and excellent quality. Her lobster was also exactly right - not overlooked like so many places do. We will return here on our next visit to Montreal.
2	sea food choices are mediocre and service sucks. the staff here is not attentive at all. there's probably better sea food restaurants in montreal to go. I could probably do better customer service than staff here.
2	Nice ambience. Generally cool place but I've been here 3 times specifically for the oysters and on two of those occasions had a bad oyster. 2 out of 36 bad oysters is a bad batting average for an oyster/seafood specialty house. Ironically, I'd suggest you proceed carefully around the oysters but I've found the other items on the menu great. The wait staff offer to bring another oyster if you point out a bad oyster - for what that's worth. But definitely not a high-end oyster specialty house if that's what you're after.
3	Mediocre at best. As a fan of sea food, this place was quite disappointing.The food is really greasy overall, and while the bread they serve seem to be freshly baked and are delicious, sadly that was the high point of my dining experience there.
1	I was very much looking forward to this meal, however as it turned out, I left before ordering bc I was so completely offended by the owner. I had an expired voucher from living social. As a result of it being expired, the promotional value no longer applies, however the amount paid does apply. For example, if I paid $20 for the voucher it will be treated like a gift card and $20 will be taken off the final bill. I let the waitress know in advance to be sure it would not cause an issue later on. The owner proceeded to come over and speak to me like a criminal, saying telling me that it no longer applied - after reading the fine print on the voucher himself and seeing that I was entirely in the right, he said - well, I still don't think it's right but I will take $20 off your bill, saying this like he was doing me a big favour, and not like he was just honoring his obligations! After a moments thought, I chose to forget the $20 I had already paid and just leave. It really was an awful experience.
4	Visited on thanksgivings eve. It was not crowded.  Had 1 dozen oysters on half shell, very fresh.  Escargot was generous and full of flavor, perfectly cooked not chewy. Seafood chowder was the star of the night.  Service was just perfect to match.
3	The place is nice and neat. Seating were just right. The food here were good, probably just average for my taste. Service was fine as well. Sadly I wasn't quite impressed even though it was recommended to me by a good friend.
1	The servers and oysters were great but management sucks. We had, wine, oysters and ordered our meal which took forever to show up. My wife ordered surf n turf I ordered mussels it took a half hour to arrive. Her steak was cooked to perfection but the lobster was obviously overcooked I had to use my hands to pull it out of the shell. My mussels(which are almost impossible to screw up) were cold on top and so dried out I gave up half way through. The thing that made it so I would never come back again is that I asked to speak to the manager, not looking for any freebee, just so he know what was being served and he sent multiple servers never coming to our table. They offered us free desert which my wife took and in the end it wasn't available yet the manager still never attempted to approach our table.The manager was greeting clients two tables behind us and walked past our table at least five times but never attempted to know what made our meal bad. In the end the server gave us a free bottle of wine to compensate for the restaurants lack of food quality. I gave her a 20% tip stating it was not her fault the management has no care about the complaints of their customers.I eat out at least three times a week and my wife is a full time traveling consultant who eats out every day so we aren't occasional restaurant people that just have a bitch.In conclusion as a business owner myself I was totally appalled the owner never made any effort to come to our table or find out why we had a complaint about the food. He was very eager to seat anyone that came through the door to a table dressed in a wealthy manor they got all of his attention.
