5	Sa wut dee ka! Hello, thai style jerky. Made fresh "on location," the brochure says, the jerkeys sold here taste much better than those sold in supermarkets. Once you're buzzed in, the all-smiles vendor encourages you try any of the 11 jerkeys, made from beef, buffalo, salmon, pork and chicken (squid and shrimp are available by request and for a dollar more a bag). All meat-types are available in regular and hot, and the hot's not too hot. In addition to the typical flavors of Teriyaki, Smoke and Thai Jerky, Sun's sells Cesina (lime) and Hawaiian (pineapple). Of these I think Hawaiian is my favorite, or the Teriyaki hot. I don't know much about jerky, but some flavors were more moist than others--not sure if that's because of the day they were made or what.We left with three small bags for $15. Sun's is a great place to fuel up while shopping the vintage and antique stores located nearby. Kap koon ka!
5	I'm not a big jerky person, so I couldn't tell you what makes it Thai-style. I popped in here one First Friday desperately hungry and bought a bag. Softest jerky I've ever had! I really enjoy the salmon jerky.
5	Oh My Freakin TasteBuds!  It's JERKY TIME!SITREPThe cool thing about traveling on random trips are the equally random stops and random friends you make along the way!It was sorta a last minute confirmation for me that I get to go to the Yelp Convention and enjoy all the great activities that Las Vegas Yelp was putting on Downtown and along the Strip.HOWEVER, what is really fun is checking out all the "nooks and crannies" of a place and getting to see what new stores and places I can run into.  Sun's Beef Jerky was one such place.THE MENUAnd Aye Chihauhau!  What delectable jerky treats they have!  The flavors are amazing.  In the Beef Jerky line you have several to choose from, including:*    Teriyaki, Regular & Hot*    Hawaiian Pineapple, Regular & Hot*   Thai Flavor, Regular & Hot #10 (ALREADY MY FAVORITE!!!)*   Smoke, Regular & Hot  (ANOTHER SEARING TASTETREAT DELIGHT!)*   Smoke Peppered  (a delicious variety I bought to share)*   Cecina (LIME), Regular & Hot  (AYE CHIHAUHAU!  Tasty & Dangerous!TASTE MULTIPLIED!But wait!  There's MORE.  If you act now you can also enjoy other varietals of Jerky, including Chicken, Pork, Salmon, and BUFFALO!  (Holy Cow!  I mean, "Holy Bison, Batman!").  So it MAY say, "Sun's Beef Jerky", but it goes across the gamet of Air, Turf and Surf!And the jerky is generally soft and chewable, and not too hard, which is how I love my jerky.ONLINE ORDERINGAnd if it isn't enough that I began an addiction in this in Vegas, there is also the opportunity to continue buying my Thai Hot Jerky through their online ordering process  (I'm really screwed now as I watch my credit card bill go up!  Haha!)THE LOWDOWNHands down, the best flavored meat jerkys you will ever come across!
5	Hands down, this place is the best! Hard to find, sure, but well with the effort. Their jerkies are fresh and delicious! The only one I didn't care for was the regular Thai style, only because it was so salty. My son loves the salmon and my husband always gets the Teriyaki hot. And. It's. HOT.My favorite is the regular teriyaki that it's sweet, soft and chewy. Perfection! I'm an unwilling vegetarian but this place will always break me.I would marry it if I could. True story.
