4	All big cities in North America has at least 1 big italian grocery. This is one italian grocery. LOTS of imported product from Italy. Some friendly italian staff, great service at the meat counter. Looking for a gnocchis spoon?A really great Pasta Machine, a large size of choices for Pannetone, tadadadada, There's every italian thing you can find in an Italian grocery!
5	Unleash the fireworks and call go on the parade please, it's my One Hundredth Review. I know. I can tell you're as excited as I am, and I appreciate it ;)I have saved up Milano for a special day, a truly special occasion, and I'm pretty sure the Centennial is it. Yep, I'm going for it. Milano has been around for over 55 years. That means back in the 1940's when the world was reeling and recovering from Depression and World War, and Montreal's Italian community was expanding with the rows of bunker houses and spectacular churches that define our tiny Little Italy, the doors of Milano opened for the very first time and changed Montreal's food scene forever. You can tell by looking at it that the store expanded over years, knocking down walls, stretching its long legs, reaching out into every available storefront on the block. Almost every day walking past Milano I'll see people making the same mistakes I've made countless times: walking into entrances that are not entrances any longer, but are instead piled high with varieties of olives, hot peppers, antipasto, soda pop and pannetone. Find the real door and the rest is easy. The electric thing about Milano for me is the haphazard mix of high and low - incredibly rare and expensive balsamic vinegars and olive oils next to cheap local fresh bread, piles of buns at each cash, a whole wall of different kinds of canned tomatoes. At the meat and cheese counter try the fresh bocconcini (warning: these may ruin you for regular grocery store packaged bocconcini for life, sorry.) Try the homemade Giardiniera and whatever cured ham or Sopressata is on sale if you're on a budget - these are generally incredibly inexpensive and madly delizioso. If you're not worried about your ducats just now, get the mixed olives and wild mushrooms - imported, super pricey, crazy good. The fresh squid ink pasta is amazing, the freezer is stocked with a zillion other varieties of homemade stuffed amazing pastas, the cheese section has my friends with cow milk allergies hollering with delight. The meat and produce counter are arright - i.e. pretty good, but in a neighborhood with a lot of exceptional options in those areas. One other note on the service since this has sprawled int a long and leisurely review: I discovered that if I said Grazie the staff would pause in their hustle, crack a smile, and remember me next time. They can tell I don't speak Italian, but they get a kick out of the effort... And that my friends is the life lesson I will leave you with for big number 100. oxo ;)
5	I accidentally discovered Milano when I was 5 minutes late getting to Anatol which is just up the road. I was on the phone with my best friend and I had a five minute attack of amazement describing everything.  This place is huge - it's like a block long and crammed with stuff. Their selection is amazing. I think they sell over a hundred (easily) varieties of balsamic vinegar alone.  Multiple varieties of buffalo mozzarella, fresh pasta, dried fruit. If it's Italian, they have it. If you're a one-stop shopper, which I am not, they also have a good selection of produce, but nothing organic (unsurprising for Montreal).Go! You will not be disappointed.
5	This is an AMAZING grocery store. Excellent selection of cheeses, meats, fresh pastas and more.If you are in Little Italy, hungry and craving a delicious prosciutto sandwich, this place makes the best!Grab a Panini at the front cash, head over to the deli counter, take a number and they'll make you one of the best sandwiches you've ever had.
5	Awesome place for all your Italian food needs in Montreal!  I'm really digging the expansion!  If owners are reading please get some more tasty prepared food!  We hard working people don't have time to cook in our busy/lazy lives!  A great place to stock up on cheese, dried pasta and everything else from the "boot country" in between!
4	Just to keep it real - I grabbed some food from the prepared eats section last night and was seriously disappointed. The eggplant parma was $7 and pretty much just tasted of the oil it was swimming in. Of course I still love it here for the cheese section, and the meats, and the delicious pickled things. But on this one occasion dinner from Milano was a let down, so I'm docking a star.
4	Their selection is pretty good.  They have a good variety of Italian products such as canned tomatoes, pastas, drinks like San Pellegrino, etc, etc.  They also sell Nutella imported from Italy which if you have ever tasted you'll know that it's much better then what is made here.  Pricewise they aren't the best and if you know where to go you can get the same goods for less.I must say their butcher shop is really good.  Their sausages are very flavourful and go well on the grill.  I particularly like the spicy ones as they have a nice kick to them.  The cheese counter also has an excellent selection.
4	they had what I came for; the staff was courteous and helpful. glad I made the effort to go there!
5	Great grocery store!  Incredible selection of meats, cheeses, pastas,...Their prepared dishes are very nice,e.g.,osso bucco, lamb shanks, and given the amount of time it takes to normally prepare these, we'll worth the price.Great selection of fresh pasta, pizza dough, cheeses, oils, fruits and vegetables at very competitive prices.  Their meats are a bit on the high side.Must go to place
4	Location: On the main, in the heart of Little Italy. Bonus: you get to play a game of 'Which door lets me into this place?' And... you can only pick one - no cheating!The place: I could write a very long list of what you'll find here but in the interest of time, I'll keep it short. Italian stuff - that's what you'll find here. They have an enormous selection of fresh and dried pasta, Italian cookies and pastries, olives, olive oil, Italian meats and CHEESE. There's more of course, but you'll have to go check the place out for yourself. Now, let's get back to the fromage, shall we? Being of Italian descent, it's probably not surprising that I LOVE Italian cheese; in particular, Mozzarella di Bufala and Burrata. Milano is the only place that I've found thus far, that carry Burrata, and I couldn't help but do a happy dance at this serendipitous discovery. Not to worry though - if Italian cheese isn't your thing, they have a ton of other varieties to choose from. Service: The place is a bit of a zoo. Just remember that if you're looking to get anything in bulk (olives, cold cuts, some cheeses), you need to take a number at the counter - but the queue moves pretty quickly. There aren't too many clerks on the floor, but while I was checking out the pastas, I started talking to this awesome fellow, who, when he found out that I was going to Italy in June, started speaking to me in Italian to help me 'practice.' He also offered a few pieces of very sound advice that consisted of things not to do while in Italy. He was a most awesome clerk.Price: I would say prices are average. I think it depends what you buy - some items may be more expensive than other places while others are not.
5	An Italian food paradise ---- wide variety, good quality and competitive prices.  Shopping here is like in an Italy super market. It's abundant with fresh deli selection of prepared foods and meats, cheeses, pasta, bread and etc...  It's a great store whether you're a regular, for a special occasion, or a tourist.  I wished there were more stores like this outside of Italy.
5	Fantastic Italian market. The deli and prepared dishes look delicious, and strolling through the well-stocked market makes me wish I had the opportunity to drop by a place like this in my own hometown.
4	If you're in NYC, think of Eataly. In Philly, Italian Market/DiBrunos Bros. Similar concept but toned down version of them. They don't have restaurants that you can eat, etc.They do offer a huge variety of Italian products...The only downside is the tax in Montreal is a killer! So the prices are either the same like U.S or more expensive.
4	shortest review ever: ITALIAN NUTELLA!ok ok, i'll add more. depending on what you're looking for, it can be expensive as most italian grocery stores are but you do find some really great stuff and the not so great where you are better off going somewhere else but if you're looking specifically for italian ingredients, it is the place unless you're in st-leonard..anyway.. ITALIAN NUTELLA!
