4	First of all, I love Taco Bell anyhow.  But I went to pick up take out for my hubby and wow...the drive thru attendant was SO friendly!Just wanted to say thanks for the excellent customer service.  We frequently grab food from this particular Taco Bell and I appreciate the hearty "thanks for your business!"I wish I could remember his name, but next time.  Thanks!
2	quality is slipping here....slower service....food freshness issues.
3	I have to admit the TB is a guilty junk food kinda thing when you are vegetarian.  Pretty much anything on the menu can be made vegetarian which is pretty great when you are in a hurry.  This location seems to be about the same as the rest. I'm not sure I can bring myself to give them 4 stars, but the food is what you would expect from the TB nothing life changing, but consistent.  The staff at this location are younger people as are most fast food places who always seem pretty cheerful.  I usually go through the drive-thru and they are always very polite and pretty quick.  Not lightening speed or anything, but I have never driven by because there were a few people in line ahead of me.So basically they have very nice staff running the drive-thru so if you want some TB then this is a good one.
5	I normally regard Fast food as well..... fast food! Generally the food is consistent between restaurant locations unless something is pretty off. I also don't normally review fast food restaurants for this reason but this location is the exception tonight. First of all I will start with why. In the past five mos or so I have noticed that some of the TB locations have not been as customer service oriented nor as friendly. Again, I have actually and sadly come to expect this from fast food locations. Tonight the crew working at this location was very pleasant and outgoing! They were patient, fast and courteous. Additionally THEY asked me if I needed any condiments.( If your asking why that is such a big deal, its because most of the locations now do not ask you if you need condiments. I expect fast food orders that have food which is generally paired with condiments to have condiments provided automatically. When they don't just put them in there or I have to remember to ask i generally end up pulling around the side and having to go into the location to go get them. Sorta defeats the purpose of drive through. I inquired about this at one location and they said it was to save money and it was the customers responsibility to ask " its policy". I am huge on customer service so you can imagine how this went over! I haven't been back to the other location in years even though I am near it at least three times per week. So when this location asked they scored a huge smile from me. Additionally I got home and found that they had given me a little extra! Yay for the times when I go to a location that doesn't provide them, it will save me at least one return trip. Last but not least the order was accurate. Crew on duty tonight really had their stuff together.
1	Be careful if you are vegetarian and order from here.  The last two times they didn't follow my order and I got a chicken burrito instead of a veggie one.Very disappointing.  If you order the normal stuff and are flexible about what they actually give you then the staff is pretty nice and it's not that bad. It was a guilty thing for me anyway so I'm going to go elsewhere.
4	I know, I know,4 stars for a Taco Bell location is absurd because it is fast food. However, this particular location has the BEST customer service I've ever experienced at a fast food joint. I've come here about 10 times and I leave smiling every single time. When you pull up to the drive-thru menu, you're met with a very pleasant "Hello! How are you today?" The guy running the drive thru is truly an inspiration to fast food service. My meal is always on point, and never sloppy. Of course it is only a Taco Bell, so it is not gourmet cuisine, but who can afford to have bistro food every meal? When eating fast food, make sure you get the best experience you can and I recommend this location for just that. I will try to get the name of the specific guy of the drive-thru and I'll post it later!
4	Quick update, the Drive-Thru guy is "Brad"
4	Writing a review for a fast food restaurant seems odd but the service at this location is really good and I think they deserve a shout out. I live near this location and I stop by when I'm in need of a quick dinner on the run. My order has always been accurate and the service has always been super friendly. The management at this Taco Bell is doing something right because the associates always seem motivated and happy. The Doritos's taco's are super tasty! Good job Taco Bell on Rural Rd!
4	As good as any Taco Bell, watch drive thru orders! Only one right order out of last 4. They often miss the details. Napkins, sauces. Interior is dated but clean.
2	The drunk college students made me really mournful for the youth.  Is this the future of America?  Hooligans. Some teenaged girl asked me to buy her cigarettes and told me she got a felony for possesion of dope.  Other than that it's a standard taco bell except they are very slow and prone to mistake.  Shame on all of you ASU students.  Ugh.
4	I go here quite often and it's always been a good experience, regardless of whether I go inside or hit the drive-thru. The employees are so friendly and helpful. I have yet to have a poorly made item.
5	Leaving a review for Taco Bell.  I can't believe it but the drive through attendant, she was so sweet polite and businesslike. The food was excellent!!!
