4	Nobles is a very classy pub, that much is obvious simply from its jet black exterior and the list of  upmarket bar food posted beside the door.  Inside, it lives up to this promise, as it is tastefully decorated with old-fashioned stained glass in the window, round tables and comfy sofas, a bar gleaming with expensive alcohols and careful details such as a frieze of ships around the ceiling.When I went, there was an open mic night in full swing, and there was a lively crowd of people of all different ages and clearly all having a good time.  I'll definitely be coming here again, perhaps to check out their weekly folk night, or maybe just for a quiet pint in a mildly opulent setting.
4	Headed down to Leith tonight with the aim of dinner and a quiet pint with friends. Saturday night and everywhere was full so worked our way round to Constitution Street and lo and behold Nobles Bar was open again and looking spick and span. Managed to get a table and order some food. Staff were really friendly and the atmosphere was very relaxed. Food was superb and very well priced and the beer was cold. Live music at 9pm had us sit longer than planned and a return visit is definitely on the cards. I hear they've revived the Sunday jazz brunch which is sure to be worth a visit.
3	Having been in here on a night when I was off the ale I can't comment on the quality of the pints on offer but there is certainly a good number of taps providing a range of lagers & beers. The fridges looked to be holding an equally broad selection and the spirits gantry was similarly well endowed. Neither can I comment on the food but I did make a point of looking over the menu and it looked good enough to make we want to remedy that issue in the near future. Service at the bar was good and the glass clearing, on what was a pretty busy night, was exemplary. As mentioned below the interior is very nice (it has I think very recently been refurbished) and proudly displays aspects of Leith's heritage, maritime and otherwise. The one negative note that was struck for me was that it is not an ideal place to have a band on if that is to be the centre of customers' attention. The "stage" area is barely big enough to hold a three-piece group so larger bands are forced out onto the floor somewhat which in turn can impede egress and exit from the building. A band as background accompaniment to a night in the pub rather than the focal point is possibly a better way to go.
5	After we finished our pint in The Constitution Bar, we headed over to Nobles Bar which The Man thought looked cool because of the big stained glass window in the front.We walked in and it was MILES different from The Constitution.Nobles Bar has gorgeous lofty ceilings, dark wood panelled walls, and a good number of tables dotted with the occasional comfy seat.  The stained glass window provides a wonderful focal point for the room.  Additionally, they have a great array of beers which the staff are more than happy to let you try.  I was trying a new beer whch I wasn't terribly keen on when a second staff member walked up and suggested a few others I might like.  Both members of staff were so lovely and seemed genuinely interested in my opinions of the beer and finding me one which I liked.  We liked the atmosphere, staff and decor of the pub so much that we decided to stay for dinner.  We each had a burger and I am happy to report that they were delicious, as were the hand cut chips and cole slaw which came with them.  We had all three members of staff ask us if we liked our meal, but not in an intrusive way, just in a genuine way.  Another nice plus with this place were the toilets.  The ladies, at least, was decorated with old framed post cards which are a hoot to read.  This place just wins so much I'm still smiling, and I am so jealous of the people who get to call this their local.
4	Superb performance for Sunday brunch! Two massive fluffy pancakes, bacon cremated just the way I like it and a smothering of maple syrup. If it's socially unacceptable to lick a plate clean, then push me to the front of a post office queue and call me Roy Chubby Brown.The place itself is relaxed and has a strange old churchy smell about it. Tons of space and a huge bar that looks well stocked for a good night out. Coffee's good and service is reassuringly laid back. Prices are reasonable so all in all a pretty sound place to unwind after a hectic weekend. Would have gone all the way with 5 stars but it was a tad on the cold side heating-wise. Going to have to return for an evening meal and a couple of pints.
4	I have to admit....I would not have normally contemplated a bar on Constitution St as a drinking option. Have to say this a cracking pub.With a splinter cell of yelpers who had broken away from Victorias I foudn the decor to be really nice, staff seemed friendly enough. Nice seating areas and a "dude on a guitar" all good.Importantly at this time of year for me they have a good malt selection so have to say while I am Leith resident I will be back!JD = happy man!
4	I had the pleasure of being introduced to Nobles last night for the first time, and what a treat I was in for.  It has been a good while since I ventured down Constitution Street and nobles has never really been on my radar, but once I entered I immediately seen what all the fuss was about.This stunning Victorian Era bar doesn't look like much from the outside but it has a large bar area and plenty of seating - although the majority of it was taken when we arrived, despite being a Wednesday night, showing just how popular it is!  With so many of the original features intact and preserved, including staind-glass windows and carved wood everywhere, it has a massively authentic feel to it.  You can just tell that if you walked in 100 years ago, it would have been the exact same.The bar had a great range of drafts beers and lagers, including many independent Scottish brewers which is always nice to see.  This place is all about its live music it seems, and with a great little stage at the front its well equipped to do this.  I believe they have live music every night, and last night was in the form of a solo artist with an acoustic guitar (with the occasional help of his pal, who provided light drumming on a box and washboard)  doing a range of covers that was a pleasure to watch but wasn't so loud that you couldn't talk over him if you just preferred background music.I'm sure anyone living locally will already know and love this place but for anyone else, the decor, atmosphere, staff, music and drinks all make this place well worth venturing out the way for and one I will be making the effort to seek out again very soon.
4	Very Nice Establishment. We enjoyed Dinner here which was simply a club sandwich and Duck sandwich, with bread and oil as a side, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. Great location too as not far from the shore. Service was good and very nice atmosphere. Loved the stained glass &  cosy, old fashioned interior.
5	I've been a loyal fan of Nobles for a few years now. The bar is beautiful, with stained glass windows and original Victorian features and there's always a great atmosphere.There's a wide selection of drinks, including many Scottish beers, ales & whiskies, and the food here is delicious. I headed along for New Year's brunch during Hogmanay and ordered their ENORMOUS full Scottish breakfast - it's a beast! The perfect fuel before a trek along the Water of Leith.There's a pub quiz every Monday, but what I love most about Nobles are the regular live music nights, in particular The Jack o' Diamonds Scrimshaw Shanties night which currently runs every Wednesday.
4	This is such a gorgeous pub, all cosy with dark wood, delicious-sounding menu choices, comfy sofas for drinks or tables with candles to eat. And good wifi! Yet it seems to have some sort of memory force-field at the door that means I leave and forget how much I like it, until the next time I stroll in and I think, "oh, of course! This place is great!" and then I leave and forget again. So this is my Note To Self - Nobles is lovely! go there!Not in the evening, though - unfortunately it suffers from the blight that is Live Music, and I can't be bothered shouting over some amateur guitar racket... But in the afternoons, spot on! I'll be back soon. If I remember.
4	Although I used to live a 20 minute walk from Nobles, I never actually visited it until I moved away from Leith. I went for a drink one evening last year and it was packed but great fun. When we went for the Yelp brunch on Saturday I saw a very different side to it. During the day it is very chilled and and nice to relax in. I would happily just go there for a coffee, their cappuccinos were surprisingly good. I had the Eggs Benedict to eat and it was great. It came with a really generous amount of bacon, the poached eggs were well cooked and the English muffins were fresh and soft.The staff were also very friendly and helpful despite being faced with such a huge table of people, they coped just fine.I will have to go back soon for lunch/dinner!
4	So glad to be introduced to Nobles at a recent Yelp brunch. Gorgeous interior, inviting atmosphere. Will definitely keep it in mind next time I'm in Leith. It seemed like a great place to stop in for a drink, and brunch was definitely a hit, as well. I had the full vegetarian breakfast, which was huge and very well done. I appreciated the big pile of spinach - a creative addition to the standard inclusions of veggie sausage, veggie haggis, mushrooms, tomatoes, potato scone, and eggs. (Did I leave anything out? I feel like I did. It was a lot of food.) Coffee was good, and the waitstaff kept the big carafes of ice water on our table full. I will never get tired of free ice water.
3	I joined my fellow yelpers for Sunday brunch this week in nobles, which has been on my 'must try' list for a while. I'd heard how good their full Scottish brekkies are which is a favourite of mine! But...Damn! I had a lunch date to go to immediately after so I had to opt for a lighter brunch option. I felt greedy enough without shovelling a cooked breakfast in my face as well as lunch (which turned out to be a burger!) I watched with pure green-eyed jealously while David tucked into his full Scottish :(My choice was the pancakes & bacon and I was disappointed. The bacon was lovely and crisp, just how I like it. No fatty bits! But the pancakes weren't good at all. Really tough texture, not fluffy at all, and I really hate to say it but they had a bit of a fishy taste...?!? Like they'd been cooked in a griddle that had some residual fish on it... Now i haven't eaten fish for over 20 years so this was particularly unpleasant for me. Not wanting to make a fuss I still ate the things, asking for a double helping of maple syrup to wash them down. I really don't know why I ate them really... I don't normally hesitate to send something back but i did give them honest feedback upon paying. Anyway, there were lots of positives and I would go back. The atmosphere was nice, casual and a bit more up market than some of the other pubs serving breakfast at the shore. The Coffee was nice and strong and the service was pretty good considering we were a large group. It seems a great pub actually (fishy pancakes aside) and hopefully on my next visit I'll up the rating if my food choice is better.
5	What's up Doc? A rabbit burger on the brunch menu, that's what. I've never seen a rabbit burger on any menu, anywhere. So when a group of Yelpers rocked up here for our monthly brunch, I was already excited about trying the famous Nobles Benedict - eggs benny on black pudding. So when my eye first of all noticed the duck sandwich, I was excited. And then the RABBIT BURGER. Oh lordy.I went for the rabbit burger (without the bun, as I'm wheat free) with a portobello mushroom and gruyere cheese on top, fries on the side. It was a great portion, and filled me from breakfast, lunch and some of dinner. The other dishes around me seemed very hefty too - the full breakfast were impressive, the Eggs Nobles on black pudding swiftly demolished by Joe A, and Susan M was very proud of her clean plate that had contained eggs with smoked salmon. Everyone, except those who ordered pancakes, were really happy with their brunch. Now I can see why it's so famous in Edinburgh.The bar itself is beautiful. Not one most folk will walk by, given it's out-of-the-way location on Constitution Street, heading into Leith. But through the small doors you'll find a big, open, airy space that is constrasted with the dark wood, and then some stained glass windows. The only thing I found amusingly awkward was that getting into the ladies toilets are difficult as the space between the two doors is tiny. But that amused rather than frustrated me.I really liked everything about Nobles. It was busy, almost full, of Sunday brunchers in the morning and afternoon. They host a weekly open-mic night on Wednesday's with The Black Diamond Express' Toby Mottershead - I'm a fan, so will probably come and check that out soon.The staff were very, very helpful, lovely and friendly, and really were the cherry on the cake of this lovely Yelp brunchy munchy out.
4	A visit to Nobles is worth it for the stunning interior alone. Gorgeous old Victorian building, tiled floor, stained glass, leather couches, brass, ceramic, beautiful.They do a great job here of walking the line between cosy old pub and brunch destination du jour. They do a good list of brunch favourites with some more hearty and original dishes like shredded duck sandwiches and rabbit burgers. A couple of cask ales complement the decent on-tap beer selection. It's an excellent choice for a quiet drink or a stylish lunch.My standard brunch of eggs benedict and Bloody Mary was excellent. Not quite able to knock Treacle off the top spot but very good nonetheless. I'll be back to try some of their other choices and will certainly include it on my list of staging posts during weekend afternoon rambles around Leith.
4	the plan was to go to brunch, but plans change and we ended up heading to nobles bar for a late lunch instead.  however, it was good to note that nobles serve their brunch menu until 4:30pm on sunday!! so anyone that wants some breakfast for lunch, this is definitely the place to go.  we entered the bar and it was comfortably busy for a sunday afternoon.  after checking with the bartender, we found our own seats and had menus brought over.  while brunch was on offer, i was more tempted by the awesome burgers they had on the menu.  i went for the black isle beef burger with blue cheese and mushrooms while the boy went for the rabbit burger with bacon and mushrooms.  it looked like they had a decent selection of beers on tap and in bottles along with a nice wine menu, however we just went for some soft drinks.while waiting for our food, it was nice to sort of sit and observe the bar.  it's a cool layout, with a big main area in front of the bar, but then a nice little raised bit that has cosy tables and little stools. we were sat in the raised bit and i think this gave us a little extra privacy as there was only one other party there and we had a whole corner to ourselves.  the stained glass above the doorway to the toilets is also really nice and i liked the candles in empty spirits bottles as well.food arrived and the burgers looks tremendous!!  a handmade beef patty encased in a nicely toasted bun with a good helping of tomato relish a whole portabello mushroom and melted blue cheese.  it was a very messy meal but the excellent burger was totally worth a well used napkin!!  the toppings combined perfectly and the beef patty was moist and very tasty.  and the hand cut chips...OMG!! these were actually some of the best chips i've had in awhile.  chunky with skins on and crispy, my glutton side wished there had been more on the plate!  my stomach thankful that there wasn't as this was a massive meal that certainly served as breakfast, lunch, and most of dinner.  my boyfriend was equally pleased with his rabbit burger which he throughly enjoyed although i did get to try a bite.after paying, we managed to roll ourselves out the door but i think after this initial first impression we will be back.  hopefully to try their brunch offerings next time as if the burgers were this good, i'm sure the brunch will be equally as delicious!
5	This is a fantastic bar, have yet to try the food and I cannot wait to try here again. There was such a relaxing feel about the place, which a bar should have. I've heard great things about the food (best brunch in town apparently) so I am really looking forward to get back here.
3	I had the eggs benny and my partner had the french toast. I would have given this place 4 stars but the french toast was hardly french toast. When you order french toast you expect a fluffy fat piece of bread with a coating of cinnamon, egg and nutmeg (or whatever other deliciousness). Nobles offered up a thinly sliced seeded piece of bread with hardly any coating at all. It seemed to me to be more like toast with a slight dusting of sugar. Our friends both had full Scottish breakfasts which they loved, so if your going for that type of thing, this place does it good. The eggs bennedict were good but the bacon was so-so. I personally prefer canadian bacon or ham. Overall good stuff.
5	Amazing Leith bar, quite simply everything you could want from a local and thankfully it is mine! The beautiful interior is inspired by the maritime Victoriana in keeping with the location.  Look around a you'll see pretty stained glass windows, comfy large bar seats, ship murals up high, chesterfield sofas and eclectic vintage framed pictures clustered on the walls. Nobles hold a pub quiz on Mondays, open mic night on Tusdays, live bands all week in the evenings, super friendly staff and customer alike. I've never eaten in here but always heard good things about it from friends.  Go and visit, you won't regret it.
5	According to my mum, Nobles used to be a go-go dancing venue, so pretty dodgy! Suffice to say she was very impressed by how it looks today!I've been to Nobles a few times (great eggs benedict) and so when last night my parents were through (bringing my sister to live with me for seven weeks...) and 'decent pub grub' was called for, Nobles seemed an obvious suggestion. My mum looked them up on Facebook and was surprised to see that Aberfeldy were playing there later (too late for us, but still very cool). And my dad's ears were pricked at the mention of "rabbit burger".They didn't have any tables for 5, but we squeezed into a four near the back and managed to snag an extra table later when the couple next to us left. Gorgeous tables with 300 year old maps on them. When it came to the menu, we were spoilt for choice. My pescetarian sister even commented that she almost never finds a menu where she wants nearly everything on it, but Noble's was ticking all the boxes. Scallops and a baked duck egg (served in a pot with creamed spinach, mmmmm) were ordered for starters and shared, and the 5 of us went for 2x tuna nicoise and 3x rabbit burgers for mains. Delicious, and such big portions! Big plus for the red onion coleslaw too (I LOVE COLESLAW). My dad said he wouldn't necessarily have been able to guess that it was rabbit, but that he did enjoy it nonetheless.Oh, and the puddings were great too. The chocolate brownie was huge and frankly outstanding, and my lemon tart was a sweet treat too. Plus really good quality ice cream, which makes all the difference.Nobles is brilliant, and the service was friendly and quick too. Suffice to say we'll definitely return.
3	This is one of those mystery pubs that every says they've had an amazing time at, with fantastic music and a lively atmosphere. This is one of those pubs that every time I have been, have just been meh. The atmosphere has only once been what I classify as 'lively.' Every other time it's been incredibly quiet, especially given they have live music every night I believe. The music...well...has always been a bit dull. I'm sorry to say. I love melancholy music, and it's cool if I'm listening to it myself. But in a venue such as this it simply does not work. Firstly, it's quite big, and does an upside down 'L' shape, so anyone unfortunate enough to get stuck in the back, back, way back corner sees and hears nothing. Secondly, there seems to be some issue with the amps or voice projection or lord knows. They are never loud enough. Sometimes one can barely hear the lyrics. I'm no expert but perhaps the staff should sort that out for the musicians if they have no clue. Often times I could barely hear the what was being sung. I couldn't appreciate the musician and for that I felt bad for being bored. It was always such a disappointment as I'd often go in on a Sunday evening after having been at the Carrier's Quarters listening to the Jammy Devils, who are quite energetic and lively. It was always such a downer I'm sorry to say.I will say that the few times I have eaten the food has been really nice, and the staff are always really friendly when I go in. Of course I would go back, it's a nice enough pub...but this far I haven't been in about 5 months? I'm in no rush.
3	I don't visit here very often, even though it is close to where I live. I do tend to take visiting friends and family here for a spot of Breakfast / Brunch. We also had a brunch here with a couple of friends and I was not disappointed. Their pancakes and frensch toast are not too bad, but I did have had better in quite a few other places. The atmosphere here when going for a pint is not what I look for, a little too.. 'brown pubbish' - nothing wrong with that, but to me too old fashioned - and the only way I like that is when served as a cocktail. People behind the bar are friendly, but sometimes a little slow in serving, but that could also be the kitchen in that aspect. In all; not a bad pub, but not my cup of tea.
