2	This place is just ordinary, there is nothing really great about it except that they deliver.  the best item I had on their menu was the shrimp in lobster sauce, the sweet and sour and orange chicken tasted like it was previously frozen and similar to something you can buy at costco in the freezer isles. They are a bit overpriced, but I think most of the asian food in Arizona is overpriced and lacking in authenticity.
2	Before I talk about the food I must say that this place is crazy expensive.  We tried this place because it was close and got tired of driving down to 7th Street for Pei Wei or Flamingo Palace. The pork fried rice was decent,  the house chicken was not at all good and the chicken lo mein was simply terrible  And for this less-than-mediocre food you pay more than Pei Wei and approaching P.F. Changs.  Next time I want typical chinese fair, I'll drive the extra few miles to Flamingo.
2	Good thing they deliver because this is the only reason we have ordered from them. We had pork eggrolls that lacked flavor and was kind of mushy on texture. Chicken lomein was not at all good. The lemon chicken had a chemically taste. The fried rice wasn't horrible, but not that great.
1	Wow... This place is sooo bad.   Lo mein looked good but the box probably had more flavor.  Apparantly 10 packs of duck sauce is all the seasoning this food gets.   Overpriced, very, very bland.  We love Chinese food (especially delivered) but I'm finishing this review on the toilet :(
4	This was my first time in this place..my aunt and I were skeptical at first as the parking lot was empty.  We walk in and no one is there except the owner.  We order moo goo gai pan, chicken with green beans and wor ton soup.  We really enjoyed the moo goo pan...very tasty.  Not too many drink specials and the ice tea was not too our standard we thought it was regular ice tea but he brought us green tea in a bottle.  I would try it for delivery as it's near my house.
1	I ordered them last night for the first time and it was pretty bad.  I actually thought they were the Chinese place on Tatum and Bell, turns out I was wrong.  I ordered Chicken Fried Rice and it was seriously an embarrassment to the Chinese culture.  Probably all Americanized Chinese food is an embarrassment, but you get my point.  My rule of thumb is that if you are going to eat at an "ethnic" food place, the people working/cooking there should be of whatever decent the food that is being served is, that wasn't the case here.  Major thumbs down.
1	Holy PooPoo Platter Batman!  This place really sucks!  After waiting 2.5 hours for my food (and several calls to the establishment asking where it is) it finally arrived.It was crushed, leaking out of the containers and was so mixed up I wasn't even sure if it was what I really ordered.  Half of the order was already cold.Trying to make the best of the situation I sampled something that looked like the closest thing to what I ordered.  YECH!  It was either F.U.B.A.R. when it left the kitchen or became contaminated by something else in the bag en route.  That food was Naz-TEE!My family is now starving and we have been told by the restaurant that in order to receive credit for the food, the driver has to come back out and pick it up. Peachy by me...  My trashcan is too good for this crap.  We looked at the food and would rather go hungry anyway.  I just hope they don't "re-gift" that little gem into someone else's order.  Hell, for all I know that's what they did to us.Poor food quality.Poor service.Poor delivery.And a little pricey for all of that.Yunan needs to take a long walk off a short pier. NEVER GOING BACK!
1	Last night my wife asked me if I wanted anything when she was going out shopping, I said, "sure get me some egg foo young/" We'll she brought me home some of the worst egg foo young I have ever eaten anywhere from Yunan Wok. She has been begging me to stop there for weeks since she got a flyer in our house door. I checked it out on Yelp and it confirmed much of what I had already thought, too expensive and even worse the food reports were awful. We'll now I can concur. My egg foo young had to be premade frozen patties. They do not put the meat in the omelet mix, rather serve it with the sauce. I can say there was an ample portion of barbecue pork in my order but it could not make up for the awful patties. The texture was grainy. No sign of fresh bamboo shoots, bean sprouts or anything else that provided texture. My wife's chicken and broccoli was nothing to write home about either. We are used to getting a container of the main course with a separate container for rice. This was served in a typical to go lunch container, which in itself wouldn't be that bad, but the portion was small, and I mean small. My wife will not shop there again for sure.
1	BUUUUUMMMMERR!!!! We ordered "dinner" from here tonight and were seriously disappointed.  Let's start with the egg rolls- I could have bought something similar at the grocery store and heated it up in my oven; I'm not even sure the "crab angels" had anything more than cream cheese inside of it.  Furthermore, I had ordered Shrimp with Lobster Sauce was pretty clearly the shrimp with vegetables.  And they don't have beef chop suey on the menu.  Seriously?  Really?  REALLY!!! I would have called to complain but after reading the other person's review realized it simply wasn't worth my time . . . We'll never order from here again.
1	1 star is too many. We were hoping to have some good Asian food delivered and this was not the place. The delivery time was good, they got here in about 30 minutes, but it went down hill from there. We ordered for a family of 5 and it was about $70 (including tip). Everything we had was border line uneatable. The white rice was fine, but seriously, you can't screw up white rice.The chicken was horrible, the mushu Pork (one of the favorite meals) was horrid and only came with 4 pancakes. Even the hot & sour soup was just huge chunks of tofu in some horrible broth. After the chicken and pork being so bad, figured I'd try the Mongolian beef. It was not good.
3	I have not tried many dishes on the menu here, but what I have tasted-keeps me calling once a week for delivery. The food is a little overpriced based on the portion size but it's worth it. The Mongolian beef is the best I've ever eaten! The flavor is a tad on the spicy side, and I normally don't like spicy food but I will crave this particular dish and only from here. I've tried many other place but nothing compares. The beef fried rice is different to look out bit taste wonderful, even better as next day left overs. Egg drop soup is a little plain, but a great comfort food.
1	Tried it for the first time and the last time....over priced icky mushy food with extremely small portions. I called to inform them and got a very slight sorry
1	Ordered sweet and sour chicken and pork fried rice.  Neither was good, we threw it out.  My husband did like the egg drop soup.
1	This isn't a review of their food - but rather of their means of advertising.  STOP DROPPING YOUR CHOPSTICKS IN MY FRONT YARD!  If you want my business, get better reviews (i.e. better food/service).  I had to dislodge your chopsticks from my tire yesterday!!  Annoying.....
2	Been ordering from these dudes for a long time and usually wait until my wife is on out of town and I'm not in the mood to cook. Ha!The inside of this restaurant is a little scary and pretty dark. I've never really seen anyone eating in here. They do have a little fish tank with some big fish swimming around in circles and looking for attention. I get hungry just watching them.Most of their menu is your typical American style Chinese and nothing that would be considered authentic or what they really eat overseas. It is hard to find the real stuff and when you do they end up closing.Always order the Volcano Beef and have them make it extra spicy. The House Lo Mein is also very good and my wife seems to enjoy that one the best. Usually upgrade to some Fried Rice to take things up to the next level.This place is probably best for a night of heavy drinking and getting it delivered to the house. The food is ok but the prices are higher than other places with a similar menu. The delivery times can also vary depending the crew that is working that night.More or less this place is a Meh experience with slight touches of A-OK. The best part is you will have some tasty leftovers the next day to work off any type of party residuals. BEER ME!2.5 STARS
