4	We are Mexican food fanatics and this place impressed us.  Granted, we are "gringos" from the get-go, but in our combined 90-something years on the planet we've eaten a sh**load of Mexican.Ordered the combo appetizer platter and everything on it was great. Especially enjoyed the quesadilla with authentic Mexican cheese (sorry, I forgot what it is called) oozing forth from it's homemade tortilla blanket.  Great margaritas at $6.50 each.  We each ordered a combo plate for our main meal ... Chili relleno was fabulous and the chili was not overcooked, beef enchilada was chock full of shredded beef, chorizo taco was quite well balanced with the spicy meat and cooling lettuce and chopped tomatoes.  House guac is above average, but El Sombrero on Main St. still has the best I've ever tasted. My husband's combo with carnitas burrito, cheese enchilada and chicken taco was excellent too.  Service was prompt and friendly. Highly recommended restaurant and do NOT pass on the homemade tortillas.  You have a choice of flour or corn, but I asked for a little of both and they happily accommodated us.  Oh yes ... FYI, they also have one of those roving mariachi duos, if you'd like to be serenaded while you dine.
5	Jacqueline says: This place is really good. I ordered the Nopales, which is a cactus appetizer, as a meal. It was more than enough and was so tasty. I liked how it was different. The corn tortillas I had with it were homemade and also really good. George ordered the Burrito Varacruzanos, which was a burrito loaded with shrimp and covered with some type of red sauce and melted cheese. He really enjoyed his meal too. The server was enthusiastic and really diligent. Overall this was a great experience.
4	Can you say homemade tortillas??! OMG!!This place is HUGE!!!  We were seated by the window facing Maryland Pkwy in one of those curvy window alcoves like families go to with kids in a Wendy's.  It was kinda comforting.  We drained our water glasses and tried to get the waiter to leave a pitcher to no avail.However, we split mixed fajitas (beef, chicken and shrimp) and it came with bell peppers, onions + beans/rice/guac and the evil sour cream.  Both of us got fideo free with the meal.  Chips were good, salsa okay, bean dip decent.The best and most surprising thing was the tortillas - we had flour - they were so warm and beautifully mis-shapen in homemade-esque fashion.  So we got more and just ate them when the fajitas ran out.Note..the menu is as big as the place.  Bigger menu than even the Michoacan restaurants I think, if you can believe that.
4	El Patron is truly a hidden gem in a somewhat seedy strip mall. From the outside it looks like a typical Americanized Mexican joint circa 1979, however, upon entry we were transported to a Mexican oasis. We had a couple of hours to kill before boarding our plane to come home, so we plopped ourselves at a table and decided to give the menu a try. At first glance I was impressed by all of the offerings that spanned way beyond the typical (and boring) burritos and enchiladas. We noshed on prepared tableside guacamole, ceviche, appetizer platter, nopales, homemade flour tortillas that arrived at our table warm and a cup of complimentary soup. And to top it off, we enjoyed our meal to the sounds of a pretty decent live musician playing everything from Beatles ballads in Spanish to REM tunes in English. El Patron is a lesson in not judging a book by its cover.
4	Honestly I wasn't really expecting to find anything special in Las Vegas but was taken here at the recommendation of a friend who lived here. Let me just say that the flour tortillas I had were some of the best I have ever had and that's also compared to when I lived in Tucson. They hand make their tortillas in the restaurant and I definitely could taste the freshness. The chips and salsa were okay but on the plus side they made the guacamole from scratch at the table.  However, be warned, the hot salsa is HOT. I think they may use habanero peppers because it had a  really slow intense burn that just lasted and had me tearing up a bit.. For my meal I got the pollo patron which had an unique flavor being that it was marinated in a variety of chiles and other spices. The portion was huge and definitely worth the price. When I do return to Las Vegas and want good Mexican food, I'll make sure to stop here. One caveat my friend shared with me. If you're looking for "Americanized" Mexican food, there are other places that are better but this is the place to go to for the more authentic plates that you can't get at Chile's or some other place like that.
4	Review from the other end of the table, opposite Michele H. from Costa Mesa:  Here's the thing about El Patron - it's definitely one of the better Mexican restaurants you'll find in Las Vegas in a town where Mexican food is fairly watered down.Yeah, that band playing a full on concert-length set got pretty annoying after awhile, especially when we started shouting "WHAT?" at each other across the table.  But in the times I've been to El Patron, the food's always been good, they serve bean dip with the tortilla chips, and the place has a nice family-run, local feel that makes me go back.  I'm still a fan.
4	This place is interesting.  It's got the ambience of upscale, but the owner obviously tries to cover all the bases by making some really down-home dishes.  The nopales salad with white cheese on it is enough to bring me back all by itself.  My only problem with this place, I guess, is I was looking for the place where the locals go, some hole-in-the-wall rice-and-bean joint, and this clearly isn't it.  I'd definitely go back, though.
2	I feel so bad but, this place sucks.  They try hard but,  the chef must have burned his tongue or something cause everything is overly salted and the flavor is so boring.  I mean even the guacomole tasted whack.  I had to do my own ghetto cooking at the table to make it taste better.The reason why I feel bad is because they have some awesome tortillas and their shrimp ceviche is pretty good for las vegas. (which means it still sucks but, it doesn't taste like ass)Don't go unless you get just tortillas and a beer.  It's too expensive for how bad the food is.
5	This place is the bomb!  Anyone who says the food isn't great doesn't know Mexican food!  My husband is from Mexico and his mom cooks food to die for.  He says that this is the first restaurant to give her competition (and on a couple items it wins!!! Like the chili rellenos) I like it because its clean and nice.  All of the staff is awesome too!  We live in LA, a mexican food mecca, and we can't wait to go back to Vegas and go to El Patron for their fabulous, muy sabroso food!  My mouth is watering just thinking of it!!
5	I have lived in Vegas for 13 years, and I just tried this place...let's just say I have a new favorite Mexican spot!.....try the shrimp diabla!
2	There is nothing impressive about the food here. The prices are kind of insane considering the food isn't very good.Even the rice,beans,and salsa sucked. I mean,how do you manage to mess THAT up?We ordered oysters,menudo,camarones a la diabla, and some kind of fish filet. Taste-wise,It ranged from gross to eh.The service,however,was good.We weren't ignored ever so I'm giving them the second star.I'll probably never go back though.
3	Not too shabby.I had the beef taco and cheese enchilada lunch special. It was OK. I would've preferred there to be more sauce on the enchilada and some pico de gallo some where on the plate.The atmosphere felt authentic, I mean, I have been to Mexico and it felt the same? LOLI'd like to try this place for dinner when I can check out the drink menu ;)
4	Okay, so I am huge fan of Mexican food in general and during the week, this is my lunch spot of choice. They are clean, quick and very affordable. The salsa is spicy enough for most, but if you ask they will bring out a bowl with more heat. Yummo! The lunch specials even include a beverage which is almost never the case. My heart longs for there tasty Horchata which has to be homemade and to me beats every other restaurant in town! I must add it is not included as a beverage in the lunch special, but well worth the $2.50. I usually get the Cheese Enchilada and Chile Relleno Combo which makes my mouth water just thinking about it. The cheese tastes authentic and perfectly melted while the Chile Relleno has this unique kick to it's sauce and the batter isn't too thick. My one dislike of this place is the rice and beans which seem to lack any flavor at all. Regardless, this place has a soft spot in my heart AND my big belly:)
4	I was cruising down Las Vegas Blvd looking for a place to watch the football games.  Passed a billboard for this restaurant on LV Blvd.  Searched yelp for sports bars which lead me off the strip and into scary land.  All the"sports bars" I visited were horrific to say the least. Just when I was about to give up on football, I coincidentally drive by this restaurant.  The staff was kind enough to seat us in a closed section near the bar so we could watch the game.  We enjoyed salsa and hot re fried beans with chips.  They were having a Sunday brunch buffet which was delicious!  Didn't have the seafood, because I was starving and didn't want to wait.  I would definitely visit again.
5	Burrito Cachanilla 5*s, Caldo De Camaron 5*s, free refills on Aguas Frescas 5*s next time im in Vegas ill definately be stopping by here for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  You cant beat live music either!
3	Food is decent but not spectacular. Service seems to be on the good side, but not phenomenal. Over all it's a decent neighborhood Mexican restaurant.
2	The food was good nothing to go crazy over they did however bring out a bean dip with the salsa that was very good & different from most places. The decour was fitting for a mexican restaurant
4	Does anyone remember when this place was Safari nightclub?  Because of my fond memories of drunken nights of debauchery at Safari in the 90's, I WANTED to boycott this place and hate it...but damn if they haven't won me over.As others have said, the food isn't over the top spectacular...but solid, reasonably priced, and there are a few noteworthy treats on the menu:  nopales (quite authentically prepared), queso con chorizo, and some delicioso-flaming-platanos-drizzled-in-something-or-other-vaguely-alcoholic.   mmmmmm....The convenience factor is what keeps bringing me back to El Patron.  In and out with no headaches.  Right on Maryland Pkway, easy parking right there, never a wait, instant seats and service...and waiters who remember my orders.  Its also, nice, dark and subdued inside...and you know me...obsessed with all non-neon-slots-stucco-vegas-y places hidden in Vegas.
1	Oyster bar? This place sucked! But I here Saturday nights latin night gets pumpin, or so the bar tender said after telling us he was out of 3 different beers that we ordered, apparently they were all consumed Saturday night
5	We always stopped at El Patron whenever we came down to Vegas from LA. They should definitely open this back up I'n the future!
