4	This Starbucks seemed worthy of a review because it's not your normal Starbucks.  There is no inside.  It's all either walk up or drive through.  And you know how Starbucks folks are generally nice, but can run that range from too busy to be more than polite to overly friendly?  Well - these folks are consistently SUPER friendly in the drive through.  It's kinda weird.  And a little too much on those "Just give me my caffeine before I jump through the speaker box" kind of mornings.  Ok, maybe on those mornings it's more me than them as they aren't ever really obnoxious.  But they are just so NICE.  And some mornings, you just don't have the patience for nice.  I'm sure that isn't just me...
5	I love this mini Starbucks! It's right near my pad and it has a drive through that moves fast -- thankfully. And the people who work at this location are characters. Sometimes the baristas will sing to you before they take your order or they'll tell you a joke. This is seriously the wackiest group of people I've ever encountered at a Stabucks, but I love it. And the store manager happens to be the talented singer and keyboardist from hot up-and-coming AZ pop-rock act The Loveblisters.I highly recommend the White Chocolate Frappachino if you need a jump start in the mornings. The Orange Creme Frap is nice in the afternoons when you need something refreshing in this triple-digit summer heat. And if you're hungry, the lemon loaf is out of this world.
4	This is a good Starbucks if you don't want to have to walk in! You can either walk up or drive through, i'd rather just drive up and go.
1	I'd like to begin this review with a warning...WARNING: Oscar the Grouch works at this location! I pull up to the drive-thru at 5am this morning to order a drink for me and my friend. Little miss Grouchy gets on the other end full of attitude and scorn. She asks for my order and interrupts me as I am in the middle of my statement saying "is that all?" with a snappy tone. Which completely throws me off, I finish my order but can't believe her tone the whole time she is talking with me. I drive around to the window and she got my drink wrong! (maybe she should have LISTENED to the whole thing...any ways I hand back my drink so she can make another one and she slams the drink into the trash and refuses to look at me. She maintains a permanent scorn on her face and when she finally hands me my corrected drink, I say, "thanks, have a good morning." she slams the window on me! I don't have the highest expectations for any drive-thru, but Starbucks always promotes their friendly service and my experiences at other Starbucks have always been pleasent; so I am shocked this Starbucks is still open. When those 100 odd stores closed a few years ago, this one should have been one of them.This isn't the first time I have come to this location and had to correct my order at the window, in fact getting my order RIGHT is an exception! I can't believe a company like Starbucks would have stand for such low quality in service.
2	Walk-up is faster and more efficient than drive-thru. I sat for 8 - yes, EIGHT minutes today with two cars ahead of me at 3:00 pm - hardly peak hours. When I got to the window it was another THREE minutes before I was acknowledged... drove away with the wrong drink. BAH.
4	I love the drive-through Starbucks! The baristas are always happy to give us whipped cream in espresso cups for our dogs as a treat! One time they even drizzled some caramel syrup over the whipped cream for them. The line usually goes pretty quickly and the staff tends to be REALLY peppy. So much so that I often think that they should lay off their own product :) Usually a nice, efficient experience overall!
4	I go to this location a few times a week to pick up coffee for my coworkers. I usually have a large order and am in a hurry. The employees here always take care of me. There is almost always a line in the drive thru but I never feel like it takes too long. The employees are super friendly and fast. Watch out for people trying to steal your spot in the drive thru line!
5	These guys are awesome - relentlessly polite, friendly, upbeat. My pup and I drive through each morning, and they know my drink order, and my dog's name, by heart.This is a really busy location at certain times of day, so the car line can sometimes be long, but I always see them working as fast as they can, and they've given me a free coffee on several occasions when the wait was too long.NOTE: There's a new Starbucks policy that you have to steam milk individually for each drink now (where relevant), you can't steam a pot in advance and pour it as needed. This makes for a fresher drink, but slows down the line. Not the fault of they guys on the front line...Awesome Starbucks team here - love 'em.
4	I sometimes stop by this Starbucks on the way to work, and I'm always impressed by the chipperness of the employees.  The drive thru line moves pretty quickly, and they've always gotten my order just right.  Even with a 5 or 6 car line, I think it beats parking and ordering at the counter elsewhere - especially when it's 100 degrees out!
4	Perfect location for me to stop at on my way to ASU. I have had a few instances where my drink is not crafted according to my modifiers but the baristas have corrected it everytime with no hesitation. The crew here is always upbeat and pleasant. The speed of service is superb! Do not pass this drive-thru by because of the line of cars, they are very fast.
4	I like this starbucks for a few key reasons; the location is very close to my house, the service is always very fast, and the staff is ALWAYS so nice!  Im also addicted to those little artisan sandwiches they make.
2	The only reason I go to this location is because it's the closest/fastest drive thru by my house.But the staff is rude. In the past 5 yrs Ive seen them go thru several baristas and it seems like their attitudes just keep getting worse and worse.Ive had one or two tell me that the fact that i put soy in my mochas is "totally gross", ive had my food given to other walk up customers and been argued w? when i pointed it out, and just this morning my barista at the drive thru gave me my coffee, and card and then slammed the window shut and walked away w/ out giving me my receipt. I waved and finally the other girl saw me and made a face like "Ugh, what now. " (um, hi kids. Us customers, can see you thru your windows.) when the girl came back she said "What." I politely asked her for my receipt, she gave it to me and reslammed the window.We get it, you think youre *awesome* just because youre a Starbucks barista.....well youre not.For speed, this location gets 4 stars, customer service, 2.
1	Well, compared to everyone else, I got a great person at the window, she was not only kind and sweet, but she made terrific conversation, never met anyone as nice. However, the hot chocolate was terrible, i mean, bitter, burnt, gross, and completely un-drinkable. How can you mess up hot chocolate? You have to TRY to get that wrong. More over, i asked for without whipped cream and got some anyways, I hate that. There was a particular reason i asked for without, I wouldn't go out  of my without reason. Also, this is mainly a get your coffee and go type place, only outdoor seating next to a large intersection. Not recommended for a relaxing place. And my experience doesn't mean all the Batistas are as nice as this one individual. Seriously, don't bother with this place though, the one on Mill is far better.
4	hmmm.....some interesting reviews for this location..... well, I have to put my two cents in because I actually would like to give this location some props! For some reason, today everyone decided to get coffee at *exactly* the same time, 11a.m. (weird time for a coffee break, in my opinion...then again, I was there too, wasn't I? humf....) The drive thru lane was looonnngggg.....even the walk up window looked crowded, tho to my surpirse, I didn't have to wait more then 5 minutes to actually order AND receive my drink! All this AND the guy at the window  (who was quite friendly, btw) told me that today they had a 21 personnel meeting at that location and they were also right in the middle of changing shifts. Bad timing for a coffee rush, but very well handled!!On a side note, I've never had any problems with the drinks or food at this location. If anything, one time they gave us one too many oatmeals, which we were not charged for and got to keep. I will take that kind of mistake anytime! (even if I have no idea what to do with an extra oatmeal.....)and yeah, it's in an oddly positioned spot in a small parking lot, but, hey, it just gives us all an opportunity to show off our manners and kindness to each other, right?? (well, AFTER we get our coffee.......)
1	I hate this starbucks. They take FOREVER!!!!!! Who was the genus who designed this drive through? They can't do both at the same time or something. It always takes forever to get anything. The drive through is a bit quicker than getting out but I prefer not to idle and pollute phx more than it already is. So this place sucks balls and I am not going back again! Never had a really bad person but I did not really notice. HATE THIS PLACE!!! HATE IT!!!!
3	This Starbucks has a drive-thru...a definite perk. I've only been there a handful of times but twice they haven't made my iced tea correctly. When it was done right, it was delicious but it's not a hard order. I prefer my normal location on McClintock and Guadalupe but will come here in a pinch.
3	I agree with the reviews about the drive through being a pain, and that it took long, but I was very impressed that while we waited we were visited with and had very very friendly service.  The coffee also came our correct and very good.  It hit the spot.
4	Not sure what all the fuss is with the negative reviews but I have always left with an excellent drink made right.The drive thru for me has always been super quick but my tip would be to go here around 5:30 in the afternoon. There never seems to be a line or people lurking around. I will for sure be back here. The service is friendly!
5	Ok, let's get this straight right off the bat.  I don't think Starbucks makes the best coffee around, but it's consistant and I really like that.  That was especially important when I used to travel constantly for work.  I knew what I liked and it would be the same no matter where I went.  Anyway, I drove through this Starbucks yesterday morning after dropping my sweet pea at akido because I had been up since 4:00 am and needed a little caffeine and sugar.  I ordered a iced soy mocha, a big treat for me because I'm trying to stay away from refined sugar and animal proteins, and waited my turn to make it around to the little window.  All in all I'd say I was inline for about five minutes.  Nothing unheard of for a Saturday morning.  When I got to the window the girl handed me my drink and said it was on them for the long wait!  That just made my day!  How considerate of them.  The mocha hit the spot and gave me enough energy to run the rest of my errands.  I'll be back for more.
2	If you need some time to respond to some email, catch up on the news, or just think things over, this Starbucks is the place for you--you'll be waiting for a long time.To be fair, the employees here have always been super nice and never mess up my order, but the sheer number of people who flock to such a small store in the morning makes it unbearable. There aren't NEARLY enough people working there to keep up with the orders. I sometimes make the mistake of coming here in the morning thinking that a fun coffee drink would perk up my day. Half the time, I leave pissed off (and empty handed) because the lines at the window and drive-thru are ridiculous. I'm not even that crazy about Starbucks--sometimes I just want a sweet, calorie-laden coffee.Employees aside, this location is the worst. Don't try to go between 9am-10am on Fridays. Don't try to call in your order because nobody will answer. In fact, just don't go at all.I know, I know, I should be going to Cartel down the street instead. Maybe one of these days I'll learn my lesson.
