5	Hip new salon in the heart of Scottsdale. Great finishes throughout with all the amenities you come to expect from a salon that was designed by its owners who combined, have over thirty years industry experience. You won't be disappointed....
5	Parlour is ultra-chic, inviting and cozy all in one. Everything about the experience at Parlour overdelivers on what you expect from a hair salon. Maddie is incredibly talented with color, extensions and shape. I have a full head of extensions and get compliments all the time about how beautiful my hair is. When I tell them I have extensions, they are usually surprised....they look that natural. Prior to having extensions, I wore my hair naturally curly most of my life. When I started going to Maddie, my texture improved dramatically and my curls looked really soft and lustrous. My mom also has curly hair and Maddie is her stylist of choice. She has been doing my hair for ten years; I will never switch. I lived on the East Coast a few years back and would fly to AZ just to get my hair done. Thank you, thank you, thank you Maddie for your dedication and professionalism. Congratulations on opening your own salon. Note: Maddie is booked constantly so I've learned the hard way to book far in advance. If I'm ever in a bind and can't get in to see Maddie for a quick service, I have used Jade before. She is of the same caliber as Maddie.
5	I'm so happy this place opened. The location is super convenient and stylish. I see Jade for my cut and color and am always thrilled with the results. She's always up to the minute on trends and has a fabulous eye for what will work and what won't. I would use any of the stylists for a blow-out. The location makes it a great place to stop in on a Friday afternoon/early evening for a wash and style before going out.
5	Cute, chic studio. Jolene has been doing my hair for a while now and always does a great job. She makes my hair look better than expected every visit. Such a sweet girl and I highly recommend her and this salon to everyone!!
5	I've been going to Jade for a little over two years and have never been happier with my color and cut. With previous work experience in a salon myself I've been to my fair share of hairdressers. Jade is consistent, I never have to worry about a botched cut or brassy color. Parlour is a great experience with very experienced, professional and personable stylist. I highly recommend it!
5	Recommended this salon to all friends, family and anyone who asks.   Not only does our hair technician, Jolene,  completely transform my look the exact way I want but has made my husband look 10 years younger.  She also takes care of my 3 children (12,10,and 8) and they always look fabulous.  We have  known Jolene for 4 years now, and she has a talent that you can't learn inside a school. Top notch, very classy, hip salon. You must go if you want to great new look or just an update.
5	I have been getting my hair done by Maddie for 10 years, she is the best! She is always up on the new styles and always listens to what you want. I walk out of there feeling good every time. The location is really convenient and parking is easy. The salon is cute and stylish. Maddie and Jade also did all of my girls hair for my wedding and I couldn't have been happier with the results. All of us looked fabulous!
5	I was so happy when the Parlour moved from North Scottsdale to their new location. I would travel any distance to have my hair done by Maddie because she is the best, but I think they have a prime location. I would recommend checking this place out, because you are in and out in a reasonable amount of time. I used to go to salons where half my day would be spent sitting in the chair. At the Parlour you have great service and the outcome is always superb (and your entire day isn't wasted). There is a constant flow of clients of all ages coming in and out, so if you need a new hair salon I would highly suggest the Parlour!
5	Madison has been doing my hair for 5 years, and I have never been happier.  I know that when I tell her what I want, I always receive just that.  She also is AMAZING at extensions! She is quick at putting them in, and taking them out; also knows how much to put in so it looks natural. I am always smiling when I leave, and can't wait to go out to show off my locks. The location is great and easy to see from Scottsdale road; plus there is plenty of parking. The decor is chic, and the girls are always dress to impress, hair done and make up done.  If I could, I would give this salon 10 stars!
5	I am new to the area and was having trouble finding a new stylist.  I used Yelp and found Maddie at Parlour Salon.  It's natural to be skeptical of reviews, but I can tell you that the positive reviews of Maddie are spot on.  I'm growing out a bad cut so I was very concerned about getting a cut my hair would grow into. Also, I was due for color.  Maddie listened to my concerns and did a fantastic job.  I received a compliment at work and that person wanted to know who had done my hair. Without hesitation, I referred her to Maddie.  I would highly recommend Maddie if you're in the market for a new stylist.
5	Wow....what a great salon! I have followed my hairdresser MADISON CLIFFORD to her new salon. She is one of 4 owners that have clearly an amazing vision of their future and the needs of their clients. Location is perfect, the style is inviting and if you read my post on MADISON CLIFFORD before you already know she's a 5 STAR professional!
5	Alayna has been doing my hair forever! I moved to California 4 years ago and couldn't find anyone who even came close to doing as amazing of a job as Alayna does. I always get compliments on my color everywhere I go. I highly recommend Alayna, especially for blondes! She is very quick and does an amazing job for a very reasonable price.
5	I would like to state for the record, that the service that "L.L." is referring to below, was not even performed at Parlour, nor does Tyler James work at Parlour. Tyler and his product line are not affiliated with Parlour in any way.
