4	I have a Simplicity vacuum and took it Vac & Sew to get an estimate.  Mark greeted me and I explained I needed a tune up and he said a full estimate was free.  We agreed on a do not exceed price and it was completely refurbished for slightly more.  An excellent job for a fair and reasonable price.  I highly recommend this place for all vacuums.
5	It seems silly how something so necessary is so enjoyable to use.  Recently visited the Summerlin location and was assisted by a young gentlemen who navigated us through the 101's of vacuums specs. We settled on the Simplicity "Healthy Home" LIME GREEN. The power, suction, and weight makes it easy for both kid's and parent to use... especially in a two-story home. If your reading this - do yourself a favor stop by the Summerlin location and ask for a demonstration.
5	Unclogged my vacuum, cleaned it out for cheap. Not to mention put on a brand new belt for free. Great service and I can finally vacuum my freakin house! Thanks Mark.
5	I went to Vegas vacuum and sewing to pick up some vacuum bags for my Bosch canister. After a long search @ big chain stores with limited stock of vacuum cleaner bags this independent store had them. I was impressed by their outstanding customer service, and vacuum cleaner knowledge. I will definitely go back if I need service or parts.
5	Vacuum cleaner wasn't running right, Mark quickly diagnosed  the problem and had the vacuum repaired the same day at a very reasonable price.  When I picked the vacuum up it looked brand new!  Mark obviously has a passion for what he does and provides more than expected.  Highly recommend VEGAS VACUUM SEWING.Bob Miller
5	Fantastic service! I am so happy places like this one still exists, and it's great to support small businesses. Took my vaccum in for a quick repair, and it was well done, fast and affordable at $50. Great service from Ian and excellent all around-experience. I was tempted to just throw the thing away and get a new one for $100 or so, but it would end up in a landfill. This way, my old vacuum will last a few more years and I've supported a small business. Thanks for the great service!
5	They were very helpful and fair.
5	I'm in love with my vacuum again! I took my Dyson in to be cleaned and serviced after contemplating replacing it. For less than $140 the vacuum is just like new. My floors and wallet thank you! (Just saved me $500 for new vacuum purchase). Service is great; staff is very friendly and helpful. They even gave me a high-end loaner while mine was being serviced.
4	So far my experience has been great. My Dyson quit working and I called these guys. The young man was super nice and told me to call the 1-800 number to file a claim in order to use my warranty. I did just that and within a few min I had my Dyson tagged for repair and had a 24 hr rental vac so I could at least maintain my cleanliness until the old one is fixed...he said about 7-10 days. The shop itself was a little overwhelming because there are like 50 vacs hanging out but the customer service was wonderful and the process was easy. It's likely I'll return to this location if needed in the future.
