4	this review is brought to you by the letters F and R, and by the number 0.mmmmmmmmm!!!!  delicious fro-yo!!!!  i'm not a local, but apparently this place is brand new, and as part of their grand opening they were giving out a free small (8oz.) fro-yo for the entire day.  two of my favorite things, FRO-YO and FREE!!!!i was able to sample many a flavor, including boysenberry (which is totally amazing), wildberries (not as good as boysenberry), vanilla malt, milk chocolate and espresso.  since i was suffering from a serious caffeine deficiency (a.k.a. only 1 cup as of 2pm), i chose espresso and malted vanilla.  don't be fooled however.  the 8 oz. cup is only the base from which the yogurt is piled on in a mountainous tower.  it's A LOT of yogurt, and if you're not in the mood for too much, i would order the mini.  the yogurt is creamy and rich (not like yogurtland or pinkberry variety).   i didn't add any toppings, but they have the standard fare: fruit, nuts, candy, cereal, and syrups.the place is rather smallish with not too much seating indoors or outdoors, but considering it's vegas, there is not too much of a need to sit outdoors unless you feel like melting along with your cup/cone of fro-yo.
2	It really wasn't that good. I am a bigger fan of Yogurtland and Menchies where I can serve myself, and add my own toppings.I'm not a snob per se, but there's more to this. I didn't care for the flavor selection (I mistakenly ordered coffee), and the texture was a bit too rich for my palate.It's clean. The bathrooms are impeccable. But ultimately, I walked out of here with a sad look on my face because it didn't live up to my Fro-Yo expectations.This really could've been better. Sad face.
5	I am an addict.The moment it hits your lips....just....so.....good and wait for it, wait for it....GUILT FREE!For the two whole months I gave Weight Watchers a shot, I learned where exactly I could get my sweets without going over my "points" - and this was the beginning of my love affair w/ Golden Spoon because GS = ONE POINT. Nothing is one point, FYI, that doesn't taste like cardboard.Golden Spoon tastes exactly like ICE CREAM and they have such flavors as Cookies-n-Cream, Peanut Butter Cup, Orange 50/50, Chocolate Fudge, Cake Batter and my new personal favorite, Graham Cracker! ALL FAT-FREE!See, my friends, that is the difference between Golden Spoon and "the others" (i.e. Yogurtland). To wrap this up....Golden Spoon = good, delicious, guilt-free FUN.
5	Boom! Popped back in here on the advice of fellow Yelper Katie K. Last time I came to this Golden Spoon, the texture and flavor selection just didn't do it for me. This time around, I ordered the Graham Cracker flavor with Reese's Pieces.This thing was so amazing that I felt like a religious experience like those people get when that one preacher (Benny Hinn) slaps foreheads of followers.This thing knocked me on the ground. It was that damn good.Yes, the texture is a bit rich, but it makes you think outside of the box. With the explosion of fro-yo over the past few years thanks to Pinkberry, Red Mango and Yogurtland, we are programmed to expect a certain texture and flavor.Golden Spoon is more like ICE CREAM. PERFECT for a hot summer day. Or a cold winter night. Please disregard my previous review. This place is the bees knees.
5	I love this place, not only is it a few miles from my home, but it fixes my sweet tooth craving every time. Service is good, and the flavor is consistent which is great so that I know what to expect every time I make a trip. So far I've only tried the mango flavor with cheesecake bites, its an odd combination, but it works, for me at least! I've been so hooked on it, that I haven't been willing to try anything else.
5	Golden Spoon is the bomb! Other frozen yogurt places don't compare. Its like soft serve ice cream, but fat free. Then all the different flavors they have are great. I don't usually even bother with toppings, ever since I found out that they will mix flavors for you. Reviewing this location as its closest to my house and the one I frequent the most, but all of the I have been in have been a good expierience.Pistachio is one of my favorite flavors, but they mix things up for holidays too. St. Patty's Day mint is one they currently have. You can get some Pumkin Pie flavor around the Thanksgiving and Christmas.If you like Frozen Yogurt and have not tried this place, you are missing out. Run out to get some today.
4	I've only ever been to yogurtland, and that was several years ago. So I don't have a lot to compare Golden Spoon to.However, my boyfriend left me to my own devices for dinner tonight and handed me $20 before he left this afternoon. He never wants to go here or any of the other competitors, so I figured I might as well when I am alone and have the chance!I came in and was overwhelmed (I should have looked at the website in the car or at home before I went inside!)  I settled on a Small Cake Batter with Waffle Pieces, Assorted Mini Chips and Butterfinger.  I think I panicked and just threw out random items.She filled up the cup, put on the toppings, and then TOPPED it off with more frozen yogurt!!  The cake batter was good, but didn't have as much cake flavor as I expected and the waffle pieces were also very bland which made me glad I didn't get a waffle cone in a cup. I would have preferred more toppings and less yogurt, as I had so much left over. I need to go back and try the tons of other flavors and toppings!  I just now know to get the baby sized cup!Also, is it sad that I LOVED that it actually comes with a Golden Spoon??
5	Had this for the first time the other day, must say I will be going back.
5	This has to be the best froyo/desert place in the area.  So many flavors to chose from & a very friendly staff.  It's no wonder why I'm here about twice a week.
3	I really do like Golden Spoon's frozen yogurt--especially in 101 degree weather--although I didn't like the taste of my sample of sugar-free Pecan and Pralines that much at the Las Vegas valley's Warm Springs location.  It did not taste sweet enough to me.  Big surprise!  But a trial serving of Chocolate Malt went down just fine.  And I always enjoy the taste of virtually any Vanilla (plain Vanilla, Vanilla Bean, Old Fashioned Vanilla, or what have you Vanilla).  So, I ordered a combination of both, which is always an available option at no extra charge.A steep brown-and-white frozen yogurt mountain rising from a mini-sized cup that was split down the middle between flavors of Chocolate Malt and Old Fashioned Vanilla was cool, creamy, tasty, and filling.  The mini was large enough, but I overdid things by adding a topping of rainbow nonpareils.  The intense flavors of these drops of coated dark chocolate almost overpowered the more subtle base flavors they adorned.Service was fast and friendly.  The dining room was clean but the men's bathroom needed some attention.  Overall, this was a three-star experience.
3	Delicious yogurt but sometimes you don't get as much as others. Seems like a better value if you go to self serve places like cherry on top
4	Good frozen yogurt! My favorite kind is boysenberry!
5	Always one of my favorite places to go..  continuous service with a smile, friendly staff and lots of choices to choose from.  One of the best yogurt places in vegas.
4	This is my default for when the desire for a tasty frozen treat strikes.  Join the text club as it'll alert you to 'buy one get one free' deals, so you can save money and get tasty frozen treats.  I get one for that day and then sit the other one in my freezer.  The service here is always pleasant.  I've seen them accommodate a patron that sampled every yogurt they had, and without so much as an eye-roll from the employees.  That's impressive.The yogurt and the toppings options are fairly extensive, though I wish they would keep the raspberry yogurt around all the time.  My suggestion is to get the 'just chocolate' and 'raspberry' yogurts with sliced almonds - mmm, it's like a frozen chocolate raspberry truffle with crunchy almond coating.
5	Great quality frozen yogurt! Staff is full of smiles and always friendly! Plenty of flavors & toppings to choose from. Hits my sweet spot! Don't forget to get your stamp card!
5	I love this place. (When ever I like a place I rember the employees names) Jonathan the cashier was super duper diddly awesome and friedly. Very outgoing and nice. He gave me a sample of the cupcake yogurt.(delicioso)I had the regular vanilla with all the toppings that had nuts.(or nut family)I had to give some to my homies, because it was that delicioso.This place comes highly recommended from me give, it a whirl.
5	I would visit this location for some quick lunchtime yogurt, and it never disappointed.  Even with one employee the service was fast, friendly, and awesome.Discounts during the afternoon! 10% off your order! That's mainly why I'd go during my lunch.  =)
4	Graham Cracker with NY Cheesecake, best combination ever. Also good is the cake batter and try the salted caramel. another combo which is great is irish cream and cappuccino. that is for golden spoon in general. this shop is clean and the girl running the counter was friendly and generous with samples.
5	This is definitely my fave yogurt place. Delicious yogurt, friendly employees,  and a buy ten get one free, punch card that we fill up way too fast :-)
5	Great place for a great small dessert.  The first time I went there, I saw that you could sign up for text alerts for deals and so I did.  I'm pretty much a sitting duck cause when I get a text alert of a 2 for 1 deal, we plan on going there that night.  Guess that advertising works for me!
5	Their yogurt is okay, but this particular store has some excellent customer service going on. The girl behind the counter was so nice and friendly, it was my first time there and she took the time to help me figure out what I wanted. Because of how I was treated, I will be back.
2	Yummy stuff... but I'm all about customer service...As I was selecting my toppings, I asked the guy was the pick looking stuff was....And he goes...."I don't know, nobody really knows..  it's just there"I was like excuse me.....???? FAIL...
4	2 words: Frozen. Yogurt.What's not to love? Upon entering, red and white themed tiled had me thinking of an old fashion ice cream shop. I have to admit that the mirror hanging on the right side had me freaked out a bit thinking the shop was bigger than it appeared to be.Anyways, this place doesn't feature all the flavors on the website. Don't fret though! They offer tiny sample cups (kind of like the tiny ketchup cups they have at McDonalds) so you'll be able to taste whatever flavor you want before actually making your final decision. I tried the NY cheesecake which had too much creamcheese for me =( I really wanted strawberry cheesecake, but it wasn't featured on their menu. I did try their graham cracker flavor and FELL IN LOVE. I opted for the 1/2 cup which is more than enough for me and added on chocolate chips, cheesecake bits, and mochi. That combination right there is HAPPINESS IN A 1/2 CUP. My total came out to be $3.96. The best part is that they don't charge by the weight of what you add in there!I will be back for more graham cracker frozen yogurt, BEST BELIEVE.NOTE: They don't accept bills larger than $20 so have your debit card available or some change on hand.
3	Ok... If my review were based on the yogurt alone I would give it 5 stars.  But the staff here is seriously lacking.  I come here all the time because I live right around the corner and I love the yogurt! They used to have some really nice girls working here but the last 4 visits for me it's always been someone different and each time has been a nightmare.  One girl didn't listen to me and started filling my cup with the wrong yogurt, then the wrong topping... she ended up having to toss it and start over. Another girl gave really skimpy servings and toppings. I ended up paying for double toppings just to get the normal amount. Then today the girl refused to sell me the size I wanted because she said they were ALMOST out of that size.  They were completely out, but almost.  Even when she could tell I was upset she still refused.  Considering I'm a regular who comes in at least once a week and they did have the right size cup... you would think they would sell it to me, but no.Get it together golden spoon!  Or I'm going to need to find a new yogurt place
3	I guess I'm used to pouring my own yogurt. Def did not like not having control. Lol. I ordered a regular size yogurt and advised I wanted a bunch of toppings. They literally overfilled the yogurt so High it was dripping all down the sides. Same with my husbands. His was so bad it was dripping down to the floor. So the first pour I said no way, I need less yogurt. How the hell do I get toppings on now? So they started over. The toppings were skimpy. I was highly disappointed and sticky. I would much rather go a self pour place after my experience here. The only thing really nice Is they actually have marshmallow cream which is hard to find.
2	The frozen yogurt was good. The service is what you would expect when you leave teenagers to run the store. Theyre on their cell phones texting away and all their buddies are hanging out there.
2	I think they are lying about it being frozen yogurt. It taste just like ice cream! I went here bc I wanted frozen yogurt. I like the taste of frozen yogurt. Not here, you'll get ice cream. It's good for Ice cream but taste nothing like frozen yogurt.
