5	I've had many home loans over the years with a variety different companies, but few that worked as well as this one.  From the day we were quoted a great rate to the day we closed the process was efficient, simple and best of all exactly what we expected.  No surprises, no hidden fees, just a great company to deal with.
5	WOW. Actually I have no words to express how Rusty helped me for the home loan process! I am an self-employed performer that been in this situation for last 10 years!  Just recently moved to Vegas and plan to purchase a place that I can call HOME.  Since as an self-employed performer that mostly goes by contracts to contracts even I had huge down-payment and great numbers of  tax return from the last three years. I called so many different Banks and Mortgage broker for loan. On the phone they actually simply said that to me over the phone "don't waste both our time". I almost give up keep finding for loan until I found Rusty on Yelp. I thought just give another shot to hear the same answer over again......! And I called and told Rusty my situation and he got me the answer is YES. I can do it for you! Then went to meet him at his office and showed everything he need simply he got me pre-approval letter right away....! Until then I still not 100% sure that he can really got it done for me until I owned a house one week ago. He helped me closed a house with in just TWO WEEKS from I placed an offer. Even my realtor she couldn't believed it went so fast and smooth. She said she never closed a house that quick since she is been working in the real estate for 10 YEARS. Not even cash offer could closed that fast.....! What can I say about that. I am so happy and LUCKY that I found him that he helped got my first home with this situation! I WOULD STRONGLY STRONGLY recommend Rusty to all my performer friends or whoever have hard time to get home loan before giving up just give he a call and he might have solution for you......! Thank you so much Rusty!
5	I cannot believe that I have forgotten to write this review for as long as I have. I went through Wells Fargo originally to get my home loan. They were only willing to finance me for so much and I'd have to come up with the rest if I wanted a house in a higher bracket. I kept looking and found nothing.I then went to Rusty after talking to a few friends that went to him and was approved for more. I'm not one to ask for an irresponsible amount. Nor would I live outside my means. I am just glad that I had someone who was so responsive to all of my questions and got back to me in a timely manner. With Rusty and my realtor, they were a one two punch that landed me a home. Not only me, but everyone that has used them as a team. I would highly suggest going to Crosscountry and talking to Rusty, because his patience with me speaks highly of him.
5	Rusty was GREAT! This is our second home purchase and we had been through a long and crazy short sale process with the last home. This was just the opposite! Rusty was quick to answer questions and respond to requests. He was helpful and honest about the loan process. My husband and I both work on contracts and don't have regular jobs. Rusty made sure that we had everything that we needed (even when we made mistakes) so that the underwriting process was smooth. Our escrow closed early and we were in our house sooner than expected. Even our realtor raves about Rusty! I would recommend him to my best friend and if we decide to buy another home one day I will definitely go to Rusty!
5	Russell was very dependable and honest. Any question I had he was able to answer and he always had my best interest in mind especially as a first home buyer. He was able to get me several options for a home loan. If you're looking for an honest, hardworking individual you have found him. Thank you!!!!
5	Twyla Gray and the team at Crosscountry Mortgage was amazing!  I had been turned down at my credit union and by 2 other banks because I had switched jobs in the last 2 years but she made it work.  In addition she helped my agent out through the short sale process and was there for me, always answering me in a very timely manner.  She was friendly, and professional and a joy to work with.  The lender fees I paid were more than reasonable.  I will be using her and the company for my refi and future purchases.Highly recommended!
5	I had the pleasure of working with Jason. He helped me get a loan for my first home. He was always professional and always answered every question I had.  Jason guided me every step of the way and everything went super smooth and just like he had predicted. I'm very grateful of Jason and Crosscountry Mortgage for helping me get the loan. I would definitely recommend them and will always be thankful for all they did for me.
