2	This place is an insult to their customers. I expect the tourist traps on the strip to be overpriced, but they should be ashamed to charge those prices for the product that they provide. The food is hardly edible,  and the drinks are so overpriced that I would have saved money by drinking at the blackjack table.The first table (outdoor) they tried to seat us at was only half covered, and it was starting to rain more than just a drizzle. I ordered a combo plate that didn't even come complete with all the items that were supposed to be included, and my steak was raw. They tried to charge us for a side of dressing after serving us a salad that had no dressing on it. There's no way the 22oz specialty drink we ordered held 22oz, it had very little alcohol in it, and it cost about twenty bucks.I have always enjoyed Senor Frogs, Carlos and Charlies, El Squid Row, etc in Mexico, but do yourself a favor and avoid this store.
1	Worst Food eeevvvvvvveeeeerrrr65 $ for 1 mojito, 1 Coke ( Never asked for a refill) , sliders, chicken fajitasPros: view, funny stuff, Chairs. Neg: Food Way overpriced & just gross. Slider patties Where all 3 Black burned like hell.returned them got Same Colored patties back. Weird. Ordered without onions got onions, ordered Medium got well i mean dead cow well meat. Not Good at all. Fries were ok. Not Crispy enough but ok. Chicken fajita burned. Same Problem like the patties here, guacamole salty. So salty that you Need a Soda Afterwards.but i Never got a refill The soft Tacos came 5 min After the fajita. Strange ? Yes very Strange. Because wie eat already 1/2 of the Chicken   My Soda came Even After my sliders. Our Server dissapeared & i had to ASK the Bus Boys for everything i needed. They are very very nice & Helpful. I wish i would have gave him the tip instead of the Server. Funny nice atmospere inside. Good mood. Would i go back. No Not for the Food. Maybe for the Drinks at the Bar. The Chairs are so cute. ;-)))I wish somebody would have asked US about the Food. But seems like Nobody Cared. For a Brand New Restaurant i wish the Manager would be present & ASK the guess about it.
2	My gf and I had a drink here after our show and it was an okay bar/restaurant. It doesn't have the same feel as the ones down in Mexico and the drink prices are very over priced even for a regular sized cup. Even the shots they brought around were $3 and I'm not sure how strong they were. Granted this place is in the TI casino, but it still shouldn't be that expensive.The staff was friendly and the band that was playing that night was entertaining, but  the music was just too loud that I couldn't even hardly talk to my gf. I saw other couples switching seats so that they could also talk to each other.
2	Oh Mr. Frog,I wanted to love you. I really did. I ate here for dinner with my parents today. The atmosphere was fun, the view  outside is great! We enjoyed the live band, and the friendly staff. Sadly, its the food that just wont afford me that third star. The venue and the atmosphere itself could've received three stars. But, sadly, here I am in my hotel room in Vegas, damn near curled up in a ball because I am retaining SO MUCH WATER from all the sodium in your food. My mom and I each ordered a chicken fajita plate, my sister a fettuccini alfredo plate, and my step dad a fish taco plate. My poor step dad didnt get to enjoy much of his meal because the rest of us defaulted to his plate because we couldnt stand the saltiness of our meals.It didnt seem so much of an over-seasoning of a single plate or a mistake made in the kitchen, but that their food/seasoning is just crazy-salty. And to ice that with a $96.00 bill where none of us even ordered an alcoholic beverage....no thank you. I wont be returning. Sad too because it really does seem like a fun place, but...this is Vegas...
2	Don't get me wrong... I LOVE Senor Frogs. In Mexico, but not here.. The fun was great, the dancing and the view off the patio was great. Service was okay, but took a while to get our check. The prices were outrageous, and the free "shots" were only mixers with no alcohol. The Yard is priced at $24 BUT it's almost the same size as the $10 drink which the only difference is you get to keep the cup. Would I go there again? Probably not, the only thing I would do is go there to watch the Sirens show when its going on from the patio. I was sadly disappointed as it was my 30th birthday. And I have to say that both the Senor's I been to in Mexico (Mazatlan) and Ensenada and this was nothing close to either one of those...  I did not have any food, so I can't review that. Save yourself the cash and go somewhere else... And I have to add the drinks were just okay. My friend got one drink that tasted like it had too much syrup in it.
4	Oh...wow!  This place was so...odd for Vegas.  It was just the last thing I was expecting but so much fun.  The drinks are pretty good and I kind of like how interactive it all is.  There was even a conga line and who can say no to a conga line that involves free shots?  Fair warning though, they pour it directly in your mouth and I'm pretty sure it's more juice than booze.  I don't recommend going here on a Saturday night however, it is ridiculously dead.  My favorite part though were the signs.  They have hilarious signs posted, literally, all over the bar saying things like: "Kinky is using the feather; perverted is using the whole chicken" and "looking for a meaningful, one night relationship."   It kind of reminded me of home how laid back it was.  I would make a stop at Senor Frog's next time I'm in Vegas.
1	I went there for lunch on a Friday. It was lousy and overpriced. My friend and I ordered drinks at the same time. Pretty immediately, I got my smoothie and there was a FLY in it. When I mentioned it to my waitress, she didn't say "sorry", she just grabbed it and kept walking. I had to stop her to say "please don't try to give me another one, I just want water!" Meanwhile, my friend had ordered a Pepsi and didn't receive it until after we got our food, even though she mentioned it to 3 of the wait staff. Our food was good, but it was not a complete meal! We ended up going somewhere else right afterwards for more food. I ended up paying $18 for my meal and all I got were 3 tacos (very good, but unsatisfying!) Even for the strip this meal was expensive for what we got! I could have gone to Taco Bell and gotten 3 tacos for less than $3. But wait, I would have missed the Emcee walking around trying to get tourists to take shots, which I'm pretty sure no one over the course of the 40 minutes I was there did. You are right Senor Frogs, I'm so glad I paid a $15 markup to hear a pathetic Emcee attempt to rile the crowds into drinking...
2	So I went here on Saturday May 19th.  I'd heard a lot about this place, seen it on the Internet, etc., and wanted to try it out for myself.  The place was small inside and a bit overrated.  The drink list they showed us was WAY overpriced.  Drinks starting at $10 each and going onwards of $12, $20, etc (good thing we had popped open beers we had brought ourselves before entering the restaurant).  I thought the menu would be strictly Mexican food, but it was a mixture of Mexican, Tex-Mex, and American.  Everything on the menu was about $12 and up for a plate.  The food was decent, but unlike other Mexican restaurants where they provide free chips and salsa, they charge you $4.99.  Here's the kicker.  When I got my bill, I realized the tax was $11 (my total bill was approximately $76).  When I alerted the waitress of this, she checked with the manager to find out why the tax was so high and he said that there is a 10% "Entertainment" tax.  WHAT?!  Entertainment tax?  I've never encountered such a thing.  There was absolutely no entertainment of any sort going on, unless you consider a MC chick trying to get the crowd all pumped up entertainment.  Due to this ridiculous entertainment tax and high prices, I don't think I'll be going here again.  Please check your receipts to see if you got charged this "Entertainment tax" too.  Totally outrageous.
1	This place Senor Frogs... We went there for my neices 9th birthday this past week. She wanted to go somewhere fun and unique. The first appearance of this place was "ok cool, this could be fun." until we got to our table. Once we sat down, the air was so thick and HOT that it was hard to breath, once we asked if they could turn on the air or the fans, their reply was "I don't know if we have any." Then the swarm of Effin gnats flying around, mass of dead bugs on the window sills, we asked for a new table. We finally got to our new seats next to an open window with an awesome view of the "T.I. Harbor" which we thought, ok this is better. Upon sitting there, the gnats were so over-whelming, that everytime you open your mouth to take of a bite of this CRAPPY food, you also ate a few gnats along with it!!! It was simply disgusting, flying in your face and up your nose, just crawling in your ears.. HORRIBLE. I've lived in Vegas almost 7 years, and by far... the biggest DISAPPOINTMENT I have ever had the displeasure of eating at. My Gf and I are Chefs at hotels here, and this place was just sad. The only reason for the "1" star.. you get a cool view of the pirate show, which none on Senor Frogs staff members attempt to warn you of the fire and explosions 15 feet out the window, we had twin 8 month old babies with us...I have never Yelped before, but this place brought an urge on me to do so. Its a POOR ass Attempt at mexican food, actually a Disgrace to my culture and heritage... DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!
1	Bad service. Bad drinks. Bad food. Go to the one in Cancun instead. No comparison. This place should not have the senor frogs name.
3	I really, really, really wanted to LOVE Senor Frogs, but alas, I cannot.I am going to give them 3 stars because they knew what gluten free meant and I did not get glutened. Also, they had a great atmosphere, an energetic and entertaining DJ, good music spinning and some of the staff was energetic. They could dance well, so that definitely counts for something too.I thought my food was so-so. At best. I got the chicken enchiladas, and to be quite honest, I've had several microwave enchiladas that were better than these ones. There was no cheese on the inside of the enchilada, a random slice of swiss cheese (swiss cheese in Senor Frogs?) on top of the enchiladas and there was also no sauce in the inside of the enchilada. The sauces were served on the side and were delicious, definitely, and the guacamole had some character (I stole it from my fiance), the rice was decent and the beans were just beans. I also disappointed by my lackluster corn tortilla. Just not exciting.My fiance's food was tasty for him. Chicken tenders (if you mess those up you should pack your bags), chicken quesadilla, barbecue wings and taquitos. The chicken quesadilla was good, but nothing too exciting, the wings were also good, but nothing to write home about, the chicken tenders were great for him and so were the taquitos. His platter came with a bunch of sides which was nice (sour cream, guacamole, salsa, etc), but it just didn't excite either of us in any way. My friend also get the Tex-Mex Tacos and they just weren't exciting. Seriously. Blah.The one thing that saves this place? THE DRINKS. Wow are they good. If you don't want something sweet, try the Pimp Frog Juice. It has every liquor possible but not a lot of juice; it could get you in a lot of trouble though! The best value is getting the drink in the palm tree cup that should be Rated R due to its shape. LOL. Sorry. I reverted back to adolescence there. The drink is a perfect size and you can take the glasses around after you leave the restaurant and move on to more booze and happier times. The drinks are pricey, don't get me wrong, but fun in the moment. Don't get me wrong...this place has a great atmosphere, especially at night, and offers a lot for birthday parties and bachelor/bachelorette parties, but skip the food and don't expect 5 star service. Some places are better after several drinks than before.
2	Sadly, the LV restaurants are getting away with charging A LOT of money for some crappy food! I asked for water, right away cuz I'd been walking in 104 degree temperatures, but had to wait quite a while for it to arrive. Guess the waiter had to run to the pump?  16 oz margarita, which supposedly has 2 shot of tequila in it, was watery and warm.  Got the beef tacos, which gave my jaw a pretty good workout. The beef chunks were tough, and tasted like they only threw some Lawry's Taco Seasoning on.  SO disappointed!  Bill was $30 - one person - one margarita - three tacos!  Damn water is expensive!
1	Don't waste your time going there.  Drinks sucks asked for $13 dollar shots of good tequila and got silver crap.  Sent it back for better tequila they must have mixed crap in it. Couldn't even drink it.  Don't waste you time or money there.
3	They have a kid's menu but I would not consider the place family friendly.  I did love the tortilla soup and the outdoor seating.  If you time your dinner plans out right you can sit outside and watch the TI pirate show.
1	the one star is for the service of the waitress & manager. the food is AWFUL!!!! ordered a chicken taco salad that the waitress raved about, ONE it had kidney beans and vinagrette dressing, store bought guacamole soggy nasty ass mess. we ordered their "famous" salsa and guac and chips STORE bought tasted like pace picante and the guac is what you can buy in yoru local grocery store and they charge $!0 for it WTH... the drinks are also not that great thank god i got my souvenir cup at least for the price!
1	This is going to be a really short review.  Why? Because we didn't even get into the place.We arrived looking forward to trying out the new place.  I knew it would be overpriced and the food only so-so ahead of time as its a tourist trap restaurant.  We get there, and its a 30 - 45 minute wait.  that was fine as it is to be expected.  We get our buzzer and patiently wait outside in the casino in the designated waiting area.  45 minutes go by and I go up to the hostess to check on our status and am informed that the kitchen was having issues and needed to be partially shut down about 20 minutes ago.  She told me it would be another 30 - 40 minutes.  Guess what we did.  We left.My issue is simply the poor guest service.  If they are having issues such as this then people in the waiting area need to be informed their wait is going to be twice as long as they were told.  Senor frogs is not worth a 15 minute wait much less a hour and a half no matter what its location.  Won't be going back.
3	Senor frogs has character, I'll give it that. The server was excellent and the quotes on the ceiling are unforgettable. Additionally, when you're cheap in Vegas, as I am, and you're slipping whiskey into your coke under the table, they do not notice...or at least didn't make a fuss if they did.Beyond that, the food was just not great. I'm not very picky but I got the fish tacos and they just didn't do it for me. They had a weird corn-coleslaw thing as opposed to lettuce and avocado and the usual fish taco stuff and it just wasn't good. My boyfriend got a burger that I had a few bites of. Better than my fish tacos but as I'm not a huge burger fan I can't say much more than that.Overall, just okay. With the many food options in Vegas, I don't think I'll be coming back unless it's for the drinks...which, while I didn't have any, it seemed like there were some good deals.
1	The food here was awful- like, the EDR in Treasure Island probably serves better food than this place. Not only is the food horrible, but it is completely overpriced for even strip standards. Then you think, well okay- the drinks should be good then! How can you mess up alcohol? Well, you can charge $20 or so for a vodka red bull- that's more than the nicest nightclubs on the strip.So what is the draw here? The food was gross, the drinks were mediocre & the service was sub par... I'm sure we'll see something pop up in this location in no time! :)
1	Avoid. No kids menu. Food was Cold and overcooked. Not worth it. Even with a groupon offer.
1	We bought a groupon coupon for this restaurant for $25, and it had a value of $50.Now we are locals... so we can eat all over town from between 15-25 dollars.   But I took a chance... and we went into this overpriced tourist trap.   It is located in Treasure Island.   First of all we had our kids with us.. and when we walked through the casino to the restaurant, they said it would be about 15 min and that we could sit on the bench outside the restaurant.   We sat down there, and then one of the Casino Security People came by to say that my children could not sit there, that they had to stand in the restaurant.   I protested but he acted like he wouldn't mind kicking us out of the Casino altogether... so we complied.    Once seated, I told the waitress that we had a groupon coupon, and that we wanted to spend $50  but no more and no less.  She offered to let me know how much it was as the meal progressed and I said great.   Well, the place was fun and the signs on the ceiling were fun to read... and we were enjoying the tourist flavor of the place.  We ordered.... but the menu was very expensive.   Appetizers were $28  slammers were 13 clam chowder was 8 and a couple of beverages brought the tab to $67 dollars?Then I had some trouble with the waitress taking my cell phone... then demanding that I go online to the Groupon site...so she could redeem my coupon.  I went there after some awkward moments... and it was already redeemed.  Then I asked for my bill and a to go box, and she brought the bill, but after that.... she went on to wait on other tables,... and we had to go hunting for a to go box.   The food.... the food was ok, but not HOT, the soup was lukewarm,   the pepsi was in a tiny little mug......the sauces were old and prepared in advance so the Guacamole was dark on top... the sour cream had water around it... so it was sitting in a fridge for a few hours...... the whole experience was a dissapointment, as I didn't expect to have to pay another $25 for the balance of the tab and tip.I will not be returning to this place.   So after a  long drive to the strip.. having to park and walk a mile.... waiting and being harrassed by security, then finding that  this place is priced so high.... that even with a groupon coupon... it is a rip off...I don't recommend anyone go there.   There are so many great restaurants off the strip.... we have gone to Senor Frogs in Mazatlan and Puerto Vallarta... but I don't think their prices were so high.. and at least they cooked the food fresh and hot.
3	After promising our kids to tape the TI Siren show for them, we noticed that Senor Frog's had moved into the patio overlooking the show.  Thought maybe this would be better than fighting the crowds, so we called and got reservations.Senor Frogs was fun - the DJ was getting those in the restaurant up dancing and doing silly things, which of course was a blast to watch.  The signs all over the restaurant were fun to read too.  As to the food, it was okay, but nothing really great.  I don't remember it being extremely pricey - but the drinks were very expensive.And the reason why we came - to see the show - not the best seats in the house to do that.  We got to see the guy's pirate ship from behind, but couldn't see the girls at all (and of course that is where the action is).  All in all, we had a good time - the wait staff was helpful and friendly and besides price of drinks not alot bad to say about it.  Of course not alot good to say about it either really.I don't think we'll go back.
2	Do not bring your children here expecting to see a great view of the TI pirate show.  You can't see the girls on their ship at all.  With that said...  My husband had the best fish tacos of his life.  Our server was overwhelmed on a Wednesday night and the service was ultra slow.  He was nice and apologized a lot.  Two of were there for an hour and a half.  We also had the Groupon and he took my iPod with him.  Sketchy. Once is enough for me.
4	came here w/ a $50 for $100 groupon for my daughter's bday.... it was still not enough for a party of 5.  food is very pricey and only ok.  I think the best was the beef quesadilla's but way overpriced.  I am giving it 4 stars for the entertainment and staff.  our servers were great & after dinner moved us closer to the stage so we could access the dance floor easier.  We ended up staying for 5 hours!  Dave the MC and 360 the band were awesome.  they really made the visit for us!  If only it wasn't so expensive even w/ our groupon ( we ended up spending over $200!!) it would have been a perfect night... well, the food would still only get at the most 3 stars tho... but 2 adults & 3 teens had a blast dancing & laughing for hours!  Sad that our kids didn't get to see much of the Siren show tho :(
3	Sunday Night ReviewSenor Frogs is the vacationing tourist bar/ dance spot to go to if you don't want to deal with the crazy pretentious crowd of Cali residents that drove all the way to Vegas to be packed in a club on top of one another.Its located in the front of the Treasure Island Resort and at 10:30pm you have to be at least 21 or older to enter for a night of drinking and dancing. The DJ was cool, he played top 40s and some hip hop music so we all danced the night away. They were celebrating one of the staff members leaving the TI pirate show so in honor of that we all got up and did the Wobble dance. There was also this 2 for 1 margarita special with the huge souvenir cups so you know we jumped up on that deal.Fun Fun Fun.
3	We had a Groupon, otherwise the score would have probably been only 2. The food wasn't that great for the price. However, their drinks were super yummy and not terribly priced considering it is located in Vegas. I got the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich, and I wasn't impressed. The fries that came on the side tasted good though. My friend got the Cheese Enchiladas and said they were a bit too spicy for her liking, but otherwise good. In addition to so-so food, it was an extremely loud environment. There was at times a band, other times karaoke singers, and in between there was someone on stage talking and having games to win a free shot of alcohol. This I suppose could be someone's cup of tea, however it wasn't mine. Too loud and just average food. Also, there seemed to be only children and older people, no one really in between. It was strange seeing 40+ year old women screaming drunk right next to us, but I suppose that's Vegas for you!
1	Freakin sucked. Wait staff sucked food sucked, I wish the pirate ship would sail right thru. It only gets a star cause it won't let me post my comment without it!
4	We came here to Senior Frogs on a Sunday night after spotting a roaring crowd and music blazing throughout the place the previous night.  My review is based on atmosphere and music, I cannot speak for the food which I see a lot of poor reviews on.  For a Sunday Night, the DJ kept an upbeat crowd, despite the fact that it was a tad bit dead at first.  Within a few minutes, people were up and dancing around.  When he made us do the Wobble dance, it was almost shoulder to shoulder, but everyone was having a blast. The drinks were strong, and the 2 for 1 margarita call topped it off.  We wish we came here instead of Pure of Friday.Cheers
2	A bit overpriced but good, not great. This place can be a lot of fun with large frozen drinks. It is a bit dark and loud, even during the day. A big minus, hold on to your hats, they charge $4.95 for chips and salsa!! For $4.95 this salsa better cure the common cold. But if this is your thing worth a stop. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Beware: Very loud. Our table had nachos, fajitas, the chimichanga platter, and guava smoothie. Everything was fabulous and that is especially the nachos! The chimichanga was not so great though and it tasted weird. This place is definitely for fun and loves to give out free shots. The band is awesome, the staff is fun, and they also have karaoke. Check it out for great Mexican food, alcohol, and fun. Always check Groupon for their daily deals. The restaurant is on there a lot.
1	Never again....Apparently, in Treasure Island, they charge double the tax of Nevada because of unknown reasons. The manager explained that it was just the policy of the casino. The food is overpriced and it was not worth the money paid. My wife ordered the grilled chicken, hoping that it would be healthy and delicious. Instead we got a piece of chicken that is not seasoned. Anyone with a frying pan would be able to cook that same meal. We were expecting more. It also came with a  side of horrendous cole slaw. My wife loves cole slaw and she took only one bite of it. BUT on the upside, the fries were good. Ernest our was waiter was polite and attentive.
3	Like others have said. VERY LOUD. It's a great place to drink and have a good time. At times the whole bar/restaurant gets up and does a Congo line. They give out "free" shots. Really they just taste likes juice. They have a cover band that place a wide range of different music. The food is over priced and not that great. And seems to usually have a 30 min wait later in the night. Overall fun place for drinks as long as you don't plan on having a deep conversation
1	My husband and I usually LOVE senor frogs (whenever we go on vacation) so we decided to come here for his birthday.  WAY overpriced.  It was $400 for 3 people.  The "yard" glasses have a game in the bottom so they don't have to fill up.  The place is way too loud- even for senor frogs.  The waitstaff were not engaging.  I'd suggest going to Kahunaville downstairs instead.
4	had a blast here on Friday and Saturday. Looking forward to my next trip however I won't be staying at TI. Their pool was disgusting
3	We had a reservation and they sat us outside where there was no fans or AC and it was sweltering.  We asked to be moved inside and after waiting around 20 minutes they accommodated the request.  The inside is loud and there are activities going on so it was not ideal for easy conversation.  The food was alright, but they got one of our entrees wrong and offered to replace and along with not charging us for it.  With a groupon it was on alright deal.
3	I've heard countless stories of Senor Frogs in Mexico and I knew not to have the same expectations. The initial reception of Senor Frogs on Yelp has been less than stellar with a little less than 3 stars. Nevertheless, my friend and I still wanted to check out Treasure Island's latest cantina. Senor Frogs is clearly visible off the strip and is the backdrop to the Treasure Island Pirate Show.The bar/club was relatively slow on the weeknight we visited. We had no problem getting barstools at the main bar. If you turn around, glass walls give you a great view of the Las Vegas Blvd. and the free show. Our server was quick to  bring us their drink menu along with their food menu. We skipped the food since we had just had some appetizers at Margaritaville. Drinks are pricey with an average price of $10 and up.The drink menu is extensive and my friend had plenty of options. I'm not one for mixed drinks and I stuck to a Long Island with no sweet and sour. The bartender was fast with our drinks and courteous throughout. The bill for two drinks was about $23 not including tax or tip and we were quickly on our way out. However, we did enjoy the servers dancing to the music inside the bar and the pirate show outside.As we were leaving, we discovered another side of Senor Frogs where it was much more lively. Lots of dancing, lots of balloons, lots of drinking. I'm sure if we had seen this on our way in, we would of stayed a bit longer, but we were ready to head back to our hotel. Senor Frogs isn't bad nor is it great. I'd recommend coming with a group or drinking a bit before coming in and paying their Vegas prices.
1	Horrible service and the food is over priced.
2	Drinks wise, it was pretty good. Still doesn't top Fat Tuesday
3	It was late at night on The Strip, we had been wandering around for hours and we wanted a place to eat that wasn't too expensive, was casual, but not a dump. Senor Frogs fit the bill pretty well. Although we came just as a torrential downpour occurred, which pushed us from the patio, to the bar to finish eating, the food and service were quite good and the prices reasonable (for Vegas standards). BUT, while we were there there was some sort of singer/karaoke going on. I'm thinking a mixture of the two because we heard one girls' voice for several songs, but every once and awhile some obviously amateur's voice would ring out "I'm too Sexy" or a Spice Girl song.Problems: First of all, I did NOT sign up for karaoke. We sat AWAY from all of that to avoid it, but the problem was that they have speakers over all the tables, regardless of where you are and they were LOUD! Secondly, the woman singing, who, from what we could gauge over the speakers, worked here, was NOT a good singer. It was like listening to one of those American Idol auditions, where the person thinks they're great, but just sort of yells the song out and no one can be bothered to tell them they suck, because they're not nails on a chalkboard, but they're still not good either.Sadly, we had to listen to this, even though we were in a totally different room!I WOULD go back, but not during karaoke!
3	Didn't order food!We were given a 2 for 1 drink special coupon while walking down the strip. My love and I decided to drop by this place to grab a drink before blowing our money at the Casino. I was worried there was a catch to this coupon, but to my surprise, there was none :) We ordered 2 Jameson on the rocks for only $10! What a steal :D I believe the amount of alcohol poured was very fair (I HATE when it's 90% ice 10% alcohol).This place is C-C-CRAZYYYY. Everyone is drunk and getting their groove on. It's actually quite fun to just watch while sippin' on drinks. I saw a few tables dining in, but I think I'll pass on food served here. It's VEGAS! There are so many other appetizing places to eat.It's super dark in here. That's how you know it's going to be crackinn' ;) Fast service, but nothing spectacular.Tip: Gather a bunch of friends to grab a few drinks here before going to bigger and better things. This place will light the party fire in you, no doubt.On a side note: everyone that works here is good looking :X both males and females!
3	Went to Senor Frogs and had a good time.  Fun atmosphere.  Had huge drinks and nachos that were really good!  Lots of toppings on the nachos...waitress was inattentive at times but it seemed like she had a lot going on.  The games they play with the guests are fun and the DJ was funny.  I'd visit again!
1	I knew from the 3-day old stale chips and salsa from a jar that I definitely wasn't going to order Mexican food. Strike One  Ordered a Cobb salad instead which was served on a nice hot salad plate. Strike 2. Service was sluggish at best. Strike 3. The only thing that could have made the experience any worse was if the karaoke was cranked up to11 and two old fat chicks sang "I Will Survive". Strike 4? I highly recommend Senor Frogs in Acapulco, but do yourself a favor and skip the one in Las Vegas. Dos thumbs down.
1	HATED IT.  The husband got a one day Groupon offer for $25 for $50 and wanted to go there.  I thought, okay, I can hit ONE chain while in Vegas.  UGH!  What a hot mess.The service was good, with the exception of trying to pay, my husband did not want to just hand over his mobile phone for them to get the Groupon code from so they made him go up to the cashier so that she could use HER mobile phone to scan it.  Other than him getting irritated over that and charging us for tortillas that should have come with the meal, I found the service attentive.  That was the end of the good for me.I had a hard time deciding what to get so I finally just got a Mexican Platter which was a bunch of different things.  It came with steak (tasty, but tough), chicken enchiladas (not tasty, dry, and funky), a chimichanga (boring), some fried jalapenos stuffed with cheese (probably the best thing on the plate - hard to jack up deep fried pub grub), beans (my husband said they were great - I don't eat beans), and rice (yuck).  Plus sour cream, guacamole, and pico de gallo.  I felt like with the steak, it should have come with tortillas because usually that's how I eat Mexican steak, you kinda shove it all in a tortilla, so I asked for a tortilla and they brought me three small flour tortillas (barely warm) and charged an extra $2.50 to my $25 plate.  The husband ordered, as usual, buffalo chicken wings, served with ranch dressing, celery, and carrots, and he liked them, although I found them a disturbing color of neon red.I had ordered a drink in a plastic palm tree.  Now that glass was an interesting shape!  YIKES!  But, I ordered something with rum and tropical fruit punch flavors, all frozen-y.  It was good and I think it was about 22 oz for $20.The total bill came out to about $70.  AT A SENOR FROGS!  So overpriced for seriously low quality food.  They should be embarrassed.  It's true that my other experiences with Senor Frogs were all in Mexico where the food is good and prices reasonable and here we are in Vegas, but let me suggest you choose another option for your Mexican dining pleasure.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
1	Poor service. Waited at the hostess stand while there were employees staring at us. Finally got moved to the bar because they said the patio did not open for another 10 minutes but they had already started food service. She was like oops. Service was slow and tasted like frozen food. Overall horrible experience.
4	We wandered in here because our bride-to-be needed to get her drink on ASAP and all she wanted in the world was one of those tall ass drinks and Senor Frogs delivered! We actually got all our yard drinks on the house AND the girl in our group was pregnant so she just asked for a water and they gave it to her in a yard cup so she wouldn't feel left out! And I see others have complained that those drinks were weak but maybe we got a special hookup because mine tasted pretty strong.  The cups also have dare dice in the bottom which was a fun addition! The bar itself was dark, crowded, and full o' drunks which is to be expected.   One guy tried to give the bachelorette a high five but her hands were full so he kissed her elbow.
1	My Bad! I picked the place for dinner tonight with some coworkers. I checked yelp found a well reviewed Mexican place that looked great. When we got to where this restaurant was supposed to be (in TI) we found it closed. Senor Frog's was across the casino so we thought we would give it a try.Placed seemed nice enough so we went in, no wait!Sat down at a nice table and waited. Finally a server arrived (maybe 15 min and the place was sloooow). He took our drink order. Margaritas seemed to be their thing, they are not cheap. Looking around there were a few groups looked like possibly a B-day party.. Yep the singing begins; DJ starts and calls all servers to the center of the restaurant. (let's not forget I'm waiting for my $9 margarita)They sing HB loudly. Oops another round for another table. Singing over drink delivered. Served in plastic mug filled with ice. Taste was fine but $9 gets you a maybe 20 oz mug packed hard with ice. Drink was maybe 10 oz.Ordered food and another drink, app Guacamole for the bag of chips we got. Guacamole was poor and obviously from a can. Had fajitas chicken and steak, they didn't suck but smaller than expected. In a nutshell the food didn't suck but was a little overpriced. Drinks good but overpriced. I would expect more. Here's my real problem and the 1 star rating.In an effort to make "fun" they have a DJ who plays loud music or portions of music making it impossible to talk during dinner. Worse yet they want to involve the servers 'in his little games.  "All servers to the front" shit now I need to wait for my drink while my server is; Singing, doing the electric slide (or some other goofy line dance) and it's going on continually. Hey hire entertainers for the dance and let the server bring my drinks and food. Ihe faster you bring them the more I have. They also have a person making balloon hats for the guests. All that was missing was Chuck e cheese? Is this a place for Kids? In addition they are constantly moving around giant signs with different sayings among the guests, can you say Dick's last resort? They seem to be struggling with an identity crises, are we catering to children or adults.   Wont be back
5	One word to describe this place is FUN! We had a groupon, paid $25 for $50 worth of food and drinks and plus we get to see the Treasure island pirate show from the inside, not outside with the crowd. The waitress was very nice, my husband tried to order the Tex Mex Tacos but she warned him about that dish and he changed to Baja Tacos. I ordered the grilled Mahi Mahi. Both were delicious. They also give out free shots if you answered correctly simple questions such as the name of some old and familiar tv tune, etc there were also girls going around giving us cool balloon hats. Try to go on groupon Now daily and get this deal before they are over. They sold out fast in the morning...
2	I stopped in to Senior Frogs Las Vegas with 3 of my colleagues while attending a business conference there. The decor was very 'I'm a college student on Spring Break - Let's Party'! We sat down and was waited on by a cute brunette/single mother who was polite. I ordered a chicken burrito with sauce.When the burrito came it had 2 different kind of sauces (one was sort of sweet). Didn't really go with a burrito. The beans in the burrito seemed dried as if they had been sitting for a while. Overall, I was disappointed. Not traditional Mexican food by any definition of the word. Being a California native I've arguably have tasted some of the best Mexican food and Senior Frogs was not it!
2	This restaurant is SUPER loud.  While we were there, there was karaoke, music trivia and a congo line.  There are also ballon animal makers and photographers.  It's a great atmosphere for the kids and twenty-somthings...not so much for those of us who are older.We had margaritas which are supposed to be a specialty.  They were just OK.We ordered tortilla soups as an appetizer and steak fajitas to share.The soup was fantastic!  The fajitas were not great.  The steak was very tough and there wasn't much of it.They many signs are fun to read.
1	Well, I typed up a review and my computer deleted it.  Long story short- the service I encountered with a group of 9 at the host stand was by far and away the rudest service I have received since I can remember.  I would never go back to this establishment after the way my group was treated.
4	Great fun place to be with Friends. Good fun music & dancing. Manager was dancing on stage and he was so into it, which made it So Much Fun!!!Lots of drinks (free shot). Food was ok.
1	Well. Now, keep in mind.... I have been a fine dining server for 14 years, and a pretty darn good one at that. I really wish I could find other hospitality staff as dedicated to the guest as I am with my own guests. Definitely couldn't find that here. Let me tell you what happened.Not much to say besides this place was HORRIBLE. I was in Vegas alone, and craving some shrimp fajitas. When I walked in, I asked the hostess if I could be seated outside. She asked how many people? I replied, "Just me." She said, "There's a bar outside where you can order food. You can sit there if you want." I replied, "umm, so I can't get a table for one outside?" She said, "No, not for one." Now, I don't know who this girl is turning down a person because they are only one. I tip as much as four people would, and probably would've tipped more that night being I had just won $1300 10 minutes before walking into this place. Anyhow, I said ok, and made my way to the bar. Once at the bar, I took one of the only seats available...it was near the end of the bar, and appeared to be near a service station. Oh well, I guess I have no choice. It was a busy night, and being I saw 3 people behind the bar, I assumed they would have the service covered. BOY was I WRONG. I sat there with nothing in front of me for a good 10 minutes. NO exaggeration. I actually looked at my watch. NO Acknowledgement. No eye contact. NOTHING. I even said to the couple next to me, "How has the service been tonight. They just shrugged, and said, "It looks like they're pretending that they haven't seen you yet. " And they laughed. As much as I hate doing this, I waved my arm in the air as if in a tacky chinese restaurant. I even said "Helllllllllllllllo???? " out loud. FINALLY he comes over and says, "yes?" I said, "Hello, how are you this evening? Sorry to BOTHER you, but may I have a menu?" He gave me a drink menu, and before I had the chance to correct him and request a dinner menu, he was gone again. Like the wind. Then I sat another 10 minutes waiting for him to come back around again. Which he never did. Finally I flagged the OTHER bartender down, and said, "Hi, I wanted to see a dinner menu please...oh, don't go away. I already know what I want." I ordered the shrimp dish. Then I asked where the bathroom is. His reply was "You're sitting next to it." and he laughed. I wasn't amused. He continued, "JUST KIDDING. It's outside in the casino." I just nodded, unamused.When I got up and went to find it, I never wound up going back. So, I left. Still starving. And VERY dissatisfied & ashamed of the HORRIBLE service. There wasn't a manager to be found either. DON'T waste your time or energy on such a crap shoot.
2	This is more of a bar than a restaurant.  Do not go to eat, only go for drinks.  Happy hours prices are only given at the bar anyway.  The wait staff was only interested in serving the drinkers and drunks.  Two orders of fried shrimp took 45+ minutes to come out and was served cold.
2	I came here on a Sunday night around 12:30 give or take. I ordered a yard of some flavor margarita, and a friend ordered a pina colada. Everyone else just had beer.Let me first say that my drink was too strong to be close to enjoyable. It was a truly disgusting drink and I can honestly say I've never had anything worse. Next, my friend's pina colada was in the same condition, though in a smaller cup. She asked if the bartender could fix it, and he added something - not sure what, to sweeten it and it tasted the exact same. He had a bit of an attitude about it and eventually she just got a beer and the awful concoction she had was thrown out.I might give this place a try for their food next time, but never again will I order anything but a beer (you can't screw that up). Though chances are I'll never be back all together.
2	We went here because there were coupons for buy one get one free drinks, the food was okay, but it was a bit pricey. The party/bar area seemed to have a lot of people having fun, but for the quality of the food, and the price was not the greatest.
3	Senor Frog's is modeled after spring break in Cancun. If that is the premise behind the bar then they hit the nail on the head. The blaring music, copious amounts of drinks, and grinding on the dance floor screams college. As a stop on our long journey of bars to visit, SF was not the most impressive. We had more fun in the outside bar. The stools that resembles girls' rear ends with funny expressions was one of the highlights of the night. They provided us with many pictures to sum up the whole experience. Inside the jams were bumping and the balloon hats gave us more photo ops.It is part of the TI trifecta, but not a place to go to on its own.
1	Filthy restaurant, where are the health inspectors?..  We went mid day, the place was near empty, asked to sit outside, she said there was only one waitress out there so we couldn't, we asked for a booth, she said there wasn't enough in our party.  She sat us at a table in the middle of the restaurant surrounded by tables that hadn't been bussed, they were never bussed while we there.  My water glass had paper stuck inside the glass, the food was inedible.  We sent the cold fries back and they return with fries five minutes later just as cold.  We gave up and left, leaving most of our $50 meal uneaten.  Still felt sick afterwards...  Stay away from this place!
1	I've been to two other Senor Frog's in Mexico. This one is a sad imitator of the others. The staff puts on a cheery face when it's time to celebrate a birthday, but does not appear to enjoy their job otherwise. The restaurant isn't helped by $13 for substandard sliders and $15 for a taco salad that is better at Taco Bell for a third of the price. If you want drinks, skip the $6 drafts and $12 cocktails here. Instead, go play video poker at the bar inside the casino and get them for free.
2	Let me just say that I REALLY love frozen daiquiri places. I was in heaven in Vegas in this respect. So when I saw the swirling machines as I was walking through another casino (Treasure Island, maybe?) and I didn't already have a drink in my hand, I made a bee-line right over (really hard to do in a casino). I already had a souvenir glass (several, actually) and he said he'd give me the refill price to fill it even though it wasn't theirs. I think I chose the "fruit punch" option. There were only 2 options and I think the other was "margarita". Whichever one I chose, it tasted like it had a frog in it. I joked that that was the origin of the name, but seriously it was not good. I was able to go to a regular bar in the casino and have them add some grenadine to cut the frogginess and it made it palatable enough to finish.There's a great daiquiri place in San Diego (Wet Willies; they have multiple US locations) but in SD you can't take your drink out with you like in Vegas. That still doesn't make up for the frog flavour.
2	Help me please I'm still in a noise induced coma from Senor Frog's.    The food is rubbish (their spin on Tex/Mex or Mexican) and the noise will make sure that all audible communication between you and your friends will stop completely.   I don't get what genre their appealing to either and what is all that weird signage crap on the walls?   Another review said this is like spring break in Mexico?  I didn't get that impression - more like another Vegas attempt to be hip...
4	Waiter was cool, drinks were boozy, everything else was a blur.
2	ProsChips and salsa2 for 1 yard drink couponsLocationConsBad wait serviceFoodStingy with outside seating (even if you're their only patrons)Expensive
3	I rated their Myrtle Beach location as 2 stars but this place gets an extra 1 for the service, people-watching opportunities, and location.We ate here for dinner because my friends wanted to check it out. The night we went was mostly dead because I think it was a Wednesday. The food was good but nothing to write home about.We already tried The Yard in Myrtle Beach so we stuck to water. Eventually we reminded ourselves that we were in Las Vegas and needed to man up so we searched for the shot girl we saw walking around earlier. She was nowhere to be found and we had to flag down our waiter, who brought over a round. What he brought were these mixed shots/shooters, which were tasty, but there was definitely not much alcohol in it. So much for manning up. We got another round just because and then the waiter gave us the next two rounds after that for free. I would not have gotten more otherwise because it simply wasn't worth paying for. Our waiter was very nice, attentive, and able to keep conversation. Even his awkward flirting was entertaining.While all this was going on, we were watching a group of British men being aggressively accosted by a birthday girl and her friends in the bar area and dance floor. The guys were visibly uncomfortable but they all left together so I guess that turned out okay. We had to sit through a few cover songs by a cheesy, awful band. Thankfully we got there as their set was finishing up. A little later all the servers got up on stage to do some type of line dance which was fun to watch.I think the prices were about the same as they were in Myrtle Beach, but this time around I wasn't sticker-shocked. This is probably due to the fact that I already experienced Senor Frog's before and/or was used to paying Vegas prices.
3	Went there to kill time,....mission accomplished.
1	My husband and I stopped in one evening and were treated like dirt! We waited at the hostess stand for 5 minutes before walking in and seating ourselves. Then we were asked why we were sitting at a table by a waitress and when we told her the hostess never came to seat us she just said okay and never returned to take our drink order or give us a menu. So we moved to the inside bar and were ignored by 3 different bartenders who services everyone else but us! Total and absolute disrespect! I will never and I mean NEVER step foot in this place again! Piss poor service all around!
2	1/2 priced appetizers at happy hour. The food had no flavor, the food is actually worse than a Chevys. The ambiance reminded me of a Chevys. The portions, however, are really large.... Large and bland.
3	The food is good but wayyyy over priced!!!! I mean a burger for almost 20 dollars. the waiter came like every 30 mins.!
3	This place was fun with great music - both live and via DJ.  They did hit us up a few times to take pictures of us and try to sell us photos of those pictures.  They're cute but not worth the price IMHO.  A balloon artist came by and made balloon hats for everyone at our table, we won some free shots in the music trivia game, and the service was nice.I had the chicken fajitas, which were good.  It was a fun spot to grab dinner before our Cirque du Soleil show.
3	My friends and I were staying at TI for the day and after drinks, we were all starving so we saw the giant frog from our window and thought "Hey that looks like a cool place" so we headed down for lunch.DECOR: Its a typical bar and bar atmosphere. Wasnt too loud when we went, but still there was noise. There are some funny signs on the ceiling with different funny sayings. Even the decor is "loud" but what can u expect in Vegas right??FOOD: Food was pretty good. My friend and I had the BBQ Combo which was really good. Another friend had the Beef Fajitas which was good too, but BEWARE they charge u to get more tortillas, lame! The portions are good to share as well. DRINKS: All of us got two drinks that come in thos big containers shaped like a palm tree. Was good enough for the six of us and taste wise was good.SERVICE: Our waitress was nice but not overly friendly and not as attentive as she could have been. Overall she was nice though. Overall it was a good experience and I would go back, but at the same time it won't be at the top of my list either, just when we are in the area.
4	I loved this place. We were looking to watch the wild card games somewhere and other places were packed so we ended up here. They had great music playing and an even better happy hour. The margaritas were buy one get one and the appetizers were all half off. The bartenders were really great as well, super friendly and outgoing. I'd definitely come back here again.
2	This is not your father's Senor Frog's.  My wife and I have fond memories of dining at Senor Frog's in Coral Gables, FL in the 80's.  It was an excellent Mexican restaurant with a variety of tasty, well prepared Mexican dishes.  So, when we saw Senor Frog's smiling frog face at Treasure Island we were excited to relive the experience.  DIDN'T HAPPEN!!!  This Senor Frog's is basically an over sized bar, serving bar food quality dishes and the noise level is so high that it is difficult to have a conversation over dinner.  It isn't even a Mexican restaurant anymore.  Although, they do offer tacos, enchiladas and burritos and a variety of other things including spaghetti, hamburgers and BBQ.  The chips and salsa, which aren't complimentary, are not worth the 5 dollar price tag.  Seriously, we've had better salsa out of a jar.  Can anyone spell PACE?  We had the cheap margarita.  If, you can call 11 dollars cheap (top shelf was 13 dollars).  It was served in a small plastic mug and didn't even come with a lime wedge.  And, to make matters worse, they weren't very good.  If you want a really good margarita, go across the Strip to Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville at the Flamingo.  Jimmy knows how to make a margarita.  If you want really good Mexican food and margaritas, then, go to Lindo Michoacan.  There are several locations in Las Vegas; but, none are on the Strip.  So, you have to drive.  But, the drive is worth it.  We had lousy chips and salsa, 2 lousy margaritas,  an over priced order of 3 fish tacos and an over priced chicken quesadilla for $62 including tip.  We'd have been better off putting the money in a slot machine.  The return on investment would have been better.
2	More than any other place I ate I felt like Senors was $$$$ for an average meal. I compare this to back home where Dos Gringos has the same food and same liquor for about 1/8th the price.I guess it was cool that they had a live DJ. Maybe I should come back only on happy hour.
3	I have a friend who DJ's here so we hung around with him a for a time while he got us some free drinks. This is a straight up Mexican restaurant. They don't serve Corona which is kinda weird. Supposedly they have a contract with Dos Equis to only serve their beer and not Corona. They also serve the beer Sol. Lots of people come here because it's free entry and they can dance.
3	To the other reviewers of this establishment: HELLO! You don't go to a place like this expecting great food or outstanding service. You come here because you want to see pasty, chubby white college chicks in stupid balloon hats pounding sugary drinks, raging sloppily in a sad attempt to drown out the unspeakable misery their shitty futures hold: double-wides, obesity and litters of squalling, snot-nosed brats.YES, it's unbearably loud -- you'd welcome ear-splitting shitty Top 40 music too, if you were trying to drown out the squalor of your miserable existence. If you want nice quiet conversation-level music, git your ass over to some elitist liberal hotbed that serves tapas and jazz. Senor Frog's is for REAL AMURRICANS! And real Amurricans like their music LOUD and SHITTY!YES, it's overpriced, crappy bar food. What the fuck do you expect from a tourist franchise catering to hordes of sunburned fat-asses disgorged by cruise ships listing dangerously from all the excess weight crossing the gangplank??!For reals, people. The only reason to come here is to ogle depressing drunk middle-Americans. So loosen your fuckin' tie already, order up a gallon jug of slushified 150 proof hi-fructose corn syrup, and get with the program!!!!! It's the Greatest Show on Earth!!!
4	Went here for happy hour. Had two for one yard long (maybe more like half a yard, which is fine) margaritas and half price quesadillas. Both very yummy. Sat at the bar and were duly entertained by the bartenders. Had a lovely time.
1	We strolled in to Senor Frogs for lunch the day after the Super  Bowl thinking we were going to have good food and a good time. Boy, were we wrong.  The server Robert was lifeless and rude.  Our food came out with , wrong sides, one plate came out with chicken when we ordered beef etc.  Robert the server at the end of the meal was more interested in how much tip he was going to get than how the customer service was.   All in all, OK food, but toooo pricey for what it is, and really bad customer service.  Will never be back to this place again.
3	Visited Senor Frogs on vacation. I was there on the night of their nightclub opening and The Situations Birthday Bash. We did not eat here, but went up to the nightclub...There werent many places to sit or tables. the dance floor was small, with a dj stand, and a dancer who did not know how to dance. The view from the night club was nice, and the drinks were ok. Left shortly after The Situation arrived, Would try it one more time, but wasnt to impressed.
4	The food was typical chain restaurant food, but you go here for the atmosphere. Every direction you look is something new to notice; butts on the ceiling, funny signs on the wall, drunk people singing karaoke.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! Go in, get your 2-for-1 drinks, then leave. All the terrible reviews on here are spot on... Wish I would have listened to my gut!I wasn't very hungry so I opted for tortilla soup and a side of fries. HOW CAN YOU SCREW THAT UP?! Also, my friend got a chicken taco salad... Again- how how you mess that up?? The "tortilla" soup was basically some weird tomato soup concoction that they give you tortilla strips and cheese to put it it- absolutely disgusting. And the fries came out cold and soggy. It took 10 minutes to get new fries out. Also, my friends chicken salad looks amazing when it came out... Well looks can be deceiving. There was zero taste, seriously, the sour cream was the only thing that made it edible.Many reviews state that its about the atmosphere... Yea, absolutely... We had a good time (other than the fact that we got the ONLY server that had zero personality). But the prices DO NOT match the food quality. A Caesar salad for $17- give me a break!!As I already stated- do NOT eat at this restaurant!
1	I wish I could rate this place one star!!Food was not so great - in fact it was HORRIBLE!  The ribs were tuff and hard to chew. The seafood, which my wife ordered tasted old and over cooked. I understand the atmosphere of this place and I totally get it - but this place should have food that is decent....however; during our meal, they were doing some contest and they kept on demanding everyone to join in. We declined since we just got our meals but they kept on pointing at us to stand up and join, which I felt was very rude.This place is overpriced......
1	Food was decent but expensive. The service was terrible. They forgot our appetizer, and then brought it out after we finished the main course. We saw our waitress maybe 3 times, adnd every time we had to ask for her to come over. They offered a two for one yard drink coupon, but the yards are twice as expensive as anywhere else so it's not a savings. Overall the food was fresh, but expect poor service and when the bill comes out they'll soak you for a small fortune.
1	I was very disappointed with Senor Frog's.  My husband and I wanted to have a nice evening and chose to go out to the strip. (We are locals)  and I have a few complaints.1. Very loud.  I couldn't even talk to my husband who was sitting next to me.  We had to ask our server multiple times to repeat herself.2.  The free shots.  I don't drink alcohol for personal beliefs and a spotlight was put on me despite the fact that I did not have a napkin flying above my head.  The guy came over and I had to cover my mouth and say no.  He did not want to take no for an answer.  I had to repeat myself 3 times before he left me alone.3. I did not receive a balloon hat.  I may not drink, but I understand silliness.  I work with children. . .4.  No Id's were checked.  Their were children in the dining area and alcohol freely being given.  I noticed an older woman looked very angry that the free alcohol guy was trying to give a shot to a younger girl at the table.  5.  Food was not great.  I got pasta and it seemed more like soup.  Way too much sauce for anyone.Afterwards, my husband and I agreed that we would not go there again.  We have had wonderful  experiences at other bars and restaurants and we will not go back to Senor Frog's.
1	We went for the experience, and we got it. Won't be back, but can check it off our bucket list.
3	$27 for a Yard Long. That's Vegas for you.At least the drink wasn't watered down, nor did I experience any bad service.
2	Slow service on St. Patty's day - one bartender on a busy day. Loud karaoke singing - kind of annoying.  The best part was getting to roll some dice after ordering a very expensive $29 margarita yard.
2	I went during the day wasn't impressed ill have to check it out at night sometime
2	Hmmm let's start with drinks, I ordered a Reggae Beat and it was just juice with no flavor more like Ice water it had no alcohol at all. Food was just ok I went with a group a friends and me and my boyfriend shared the chicken-mania which was ok but very over priced for what we received. There was pretty much good music not great but it had us at my table dancing. I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.
1	From far away, this restaurant looks like it could be a fun place to grab a bite to eat. We were wrong, it is overpriced and has terrible food. We arrived and were seated right away outside on the patio, the windows were covered with dust and who knows what else. Although we were outside we had to scream to hear each other.  We ordered drinks and an appetizer of Chips and Salsa ($5!!) which were ok. It took about 30 minutes to receive them. I ordered a chimichanga and my girlfriend ordered a taco salad -- after a while it finally came. My chimichanga came soggy, and the plate was a mess, it looked as if they had spilled onto it. In fact, there was a french fry underneath the chimichanga. The rice was hard like it had been reheated and the overall taste was horrible. My girlfriends salad looked great but tasted like nothing, and the waitress who never returned also did not bring dressing. We left severely disappointed after paying a whopping $51 for a terrible meal and mediocre service.
2	I finally visited Senor Frog's after spending my whole life seeing it as THE place to visit in Cancun while on Spring Break.  I expected to pay a premium on food because of the location on the strip so I hoped the food would deliver.I ordered a BBQ chicken wrap after the server said they are huge.  What I got was not huge, but I figured whatever, this is no Hash House A Go Go! :)  I don't know if the wrap was supposed to be warm or cold, because different parts were warm (like the chicken), but the lettuce and sauce was ice cold.  Also as I got to both ends of my half-cut wrap, the end was just a ton of sauce with no chicken, not really the best way to end the meal.On the other hand the fries and chips and salsa were really good, so that was a plus. (I believe we had to pay for the chips though)I don't have much of a reason to come back here, I can get a bigger and better sandwich somewhere else for half the price.  I'm sure you can do worse, but you can do a lot better on the strip for the same price point.
2	Wanted to go for a dinner, not a loud club environment and watch older mom's hit on the male staff and bump and grind with them.  Food was ok.  Just wish I could have heard what my dinner guest were trying to talk to me about.  So we just ate and left so we could enjoy each others company.  The drinks were super strong, to the point where we could not drink them.  The waitress was the best!
2	At the Frog on the strip lively music fun crowd. Chilling at the bar waiting for a table with my Miami hottie my lovely Maggie. Bar service sucks! The drinks are way over priced and no alcohol.Love the Frog in the Caribbean great conch fritters and that cool Caribbean vibe I have to say the Frog on the Strip just isn't my vibe. However it is exciting to be sitting my hot little sweetheart so if you don't have her with you I would deduct a star off my review.
2	Visited while traveling on business. Was surprised by how slow the service was based on all the staff standing around. Oh wait, staff just stood around. Rice was not cooked all the way. Burrito was average. Extra stars based upon atmosphere.
2	We had 6 girls and only stopped here for about an hour. The cover was too high and the music was terrible. It seemed like the kind of place where you go when you didn't dress nice enough to get into a club.
4	Loved it!
3	You don't go to a place like this expecting great food or outstanding service.You come here to experience the atmosphere and DRINKS.Yes, they are drunk chubby college chicks acting a fool  That is because they are trying not to face reality that they will never be the skinny chick with the hot dude.The DJ's are always great, the staff is always having fun.  if you get a table that faces the strip you can always people watch too.  The shop has reasonable prices for souvenirs as well.
1	Blech, no thank you!We went here to celebrate Cinco de Mayo and it was just a bad experience all around. I wish we would have saved our money and gone elsewhere but in the name of being festive, we went anyways. I've been to Senor Frogs in Cancun when I was in college and it was a little too tacky and rambunctious for me then and much hasn't changed since then. We sat out on the patio hoping to enjoy some food and drinks and we did but everything took forever and their prices for what they're serving are completely asinine. I got a chicken burrito that was swimming in different types of salsa, one of which smelled like curry and made me want to throw up. There was no taste whatsoever and I could barely choke down 1/3 of it. The drinks weren't much better either but at least I could taste the hooch in them. If you're going for drinks it's a great place (if you got money to burn) and if you want to do a conga line for free shots poured down your throat, again great. Personally when I go out for food and drinks I want to enjoy the full experience, not worry about my feet sticking to the ground due to liquor, sweat, hoochie and broken dreams.Shaking my head just thinking about this place.
4	Not the best food on the strip so why the four stars you ask?  Service.  By seven to eight o'clock at night, the place was packed.  Our waiter Billy hustled big time to get our drinks to the table and even check up on us.  This place is a dive bar/restaurant.  Yes they are a business but when it comes to an establishment catering to drunk college kids, do you really think you will get a five star dining experience?  Be prepared to wait for a table or even book a reservation.  Bring tons of friends and a fun attitude and I'm sure you will have a great time.  The food is actually good.  I had the pulled pork burger and our table ordered the nachos.  Both really good in taste and temperature.  I don't think they ever have a slow time.  Be patient, have fun and drink lots!
4	I just love the name, can it get any cuter?Excellent location, great view of the strip and good place to watch the T.I show.Atmosphere was great, lived up to my expectation. The celling and walls are covered in corky saying and quotes everywhere, its a fun thing to be surrounded by. Food was good, hot tasty and full of flavor. Now I didn't order anything off the menu I did the buffet offered up stairs! Excellent choice because down stairs get loud and crazy, a bit to much for my taste due to the live entertainment. Upstairs has its own bar area too so don't panic theres enough liquor to go around. Servers I think are missing a screw or two in there brains; there forgetful, standing around, and kinda clueless really. This is why they lost a star in my books.
1	Don't waste your time or money.We went here after watching the worst show on earth and just wanted to get off the street. We were imideatly seated after ordering our over priced drinks that were super week, to the point where we didn't drink them. Not worth the time.
1	Holy cr@p...where do I start?This place makes Disneyworld look cheap, the most overpriced restaurant in all of Las Vegas.....$7.00 bud lights?$45.00 Margarita pails?$17.00 chicken sandwich? (average,but good fries with it)$25.00 Fajita's?Average food at best, my partner only ate part of his rib platter because he did not really like it...($30.00)I live near this place and understand it's for drunken out of towners who don't care what they are charged on vacation....But it's beyond stupid the prices,it's as bad as the high end nightclubs here. It is sooo loud you can't even give your waitress the damn order, and the noise never stops.....Great place for rich, dumb, annoying and loud alcoholics.....Never again for meDid I mention the all night stomach ache after the chicken sandwich?
3	this place seems ok! I walked in on Saturday night I was surprised it was not packed being it was memorial weekend? Its fun if your drunk ready to party and drink your liver away! If you don't like loud music and drunk people don't come here!!! I love drunk people making fools of themselves and loud places so this is my kind of place!!!
4	Excellent margaritas!  The dinner was fabulous.  I did not have any issues with our waiter.  He was punctional and came around frequently...  Kudos.  I would have given them a five rating but they need more restaurant space...
1	Overpriced and they stole my ray bans! Epic fail!!
1	Yuck. Just yuck. I am NOT a picky eater and I sent my food back, the rest of our groups food was so bad I didn't even want to order anything else. Snob according to a few other reviews?  Maybe. Or I just have taste buds! I ordered the blt wrap. There was hardly any bacon, what there was was like bacon bits. The lettuce was slimy, wilted and just gross. The tortilla was so tough that it took effort for us to tear it at all with our hands,  let alone take a bite. The two good things about this place was our server (Ernesto) and the french fries. Other than that it was overpriced and didn't taste good at all.  Maybe because we went in the afternoon?  I dunno. But we will be avoiding Senior Frogs like the plague!
1	I really wish I would have looked at the ratings before coming here.  This place is really really disappointing.  The food was horrible, they don't comp drinks at the bar and it was stupidly over priced for the overall quality.  When I expect to drop a couple hundred on video poker and a couple hundred on dinner I just really kinda expect better quality.  I will never recommend this place and its definitely not going to be one of my regular hangouts.
2	Overpriced food. Overpriced drinks. EVEN DURING HAPPY HOUR! The servers tell you you're getting a good deal on the happy hour because its 2 for 1 and then you find out the yards are cheaper... GREAT.My friends and I split two appetizer platters since it was half off and they were meh. I mean $15 dollars half off is STILL expensive.. I can't even believe that the appetizer platter is $30 regularly... Maybe I'm not a big fan of fried food or cheese, but I definitely have had better. Definitely won't be coming back here again.Don't fall into the happy hour trap! Go get a fat tuesday instead!
2	This place is expensive for Drinks! Keep in mind that its just a name. If you have the cash fine enjoy. Expect long waiting to be seated for the weekends.
1	Overrpriced, Loud.  The food was horrible.
1	Food is not cheap in Vegas anymore but at least it is usually decent. Not this place, food was way overpriced, service sucked, food was bad. If your looking for Mexican I suggest the drive thru at Taco Bell compared to here.
2	Well, I guess we got there too late!  We had a minor with us, she was 7 yrs old  So while we went in to go and get a couple of adult beverages,  they had to wait outside.  It took for ever and a day for the bartender to take our order. So all was good, we got our drinks, they were ok!  Pina colada   We were going to my hubby and the little one, someone tapped us and said come with me.  Ok, he also pointed out for all of us to come.  He set us up with a table....With the little one!  That was very nice.  It's not worth the price!
1	The service was unorganized and the hostess was rude. We karaoke'd with friends and the DJ playing the music was also rude. We won't be going back.
4	What's with all the negativity, yo? My guy and I had an amazing experience having happy hour 2-for-1 adult slushies, cheese sticks, and nachos in the bar area.  The drinks were Steee-RONG! So tutti-frutti sweet too, which was expected. I don't normally like drinks like this - at all - but when in Vegas, you just gotta roll the dice!We met some really fun fellow tourists here too, and had some loud, happy conversations with people from all over the world. Vegas is truly a melting pot, and Senor Frog's is a great representation of this (even if it is the epitome of a tourist spot). Fun. Fun. Fun!
1	No stars. Disgusting food.
1	Horrible , overpriced food
2	If you are a tourist this is probably one of the best options on the stip to go and dance latin music. However, if you are a local I would not recommended.  This restaurant/bar has two floors: the first floor has the restaurant area where you can eat next to the dance floor. They play R&B, rap and a little bit of everything. The problem is that is next to the patio so I don't think they have AC, or if they do is extremely hot!! ( I promise you I'm not on my menopause yet and I was sweaty). on the second floor, they play Latin music, the dance floor  has a decent size, but I went on a Saturday night and there was hardly anyone there..So if you have better option, I would totally go somewhere else.
1	Terrible service. Would have loved to rate the food except we finally left after waiting for a half an hour for an $11 cocktail.
4	It's my office holiday party, a group of young women, ready to blow off steam. What better place than here. It's an eclectic bar scene, you buy the drink by the yard, and be prepared for LOUD music, boisterious MC, getting the crowd roaring with dance and laughter. The food isn't anything special, just bar food, tacos, nachoes, and such, but it's the fun time you're guaranteed to have with a group of friends!
2	Good salsa!Rude bartender.Pricey.
5	If I had to rate the food, it would probably get  2 stars...  but they get 5 stars because the staff is amazing! Our waitress, Krista, was so helpful and sweet and that's shocking at a loud crazy bar in Vegas! And not just her, the manager and another waiter (so mad because I can't remember their names) but they were so nice and on top of their sh*t! But other then the amazing staff, the music and drinks were great to! Definitely going back the next time I am in Vegas!
2	I got a beef burrito... for being a kind of Mexican place, it wasn't very good! I was also a few drinks deep which ALWAYS makes food taste better so that's saying something. The service was great though...
1	The reason my wife and I ate here is because we had already been wandering around the strip for a few hours, just so happened to be in Treasure Island, and were starving!  Even under those circumstances, if I could take it back I would.  For starters, no outside drinks.  We had purchased a daiquiri at a bar upstairs just 5 minutes before in the same hotel and had to chug it to get in.  Why the hell can't I take a drink inside that I purchased in the SAME HOTEL as the restaurant?!?!?  Oh I know so I can spend more money at your restaurant!!!  Then the food was very expensive and fairly mediocre.  $17 for an average burger and fries? methinks not.  After chugging our daiquiri and having a pretty good buzz going you'd think the food would taste better.  On top of that the service was just horrible.  Pretty much as long as you're not drinking you don't exist.  I understand that I'm not getting drunk and spending a ridiculous amount of money in your restaurant but I am still a customer.  There was a table right next to us that was drinking and the waiter pretty much never left their side.  The few times the waiter wasn't there a hostess was there or some random chick making balloon hats who stood there awkwardly waiting for a tip.  Senor Frog's is clearly just out to get your money so swim clear of this place, unless you plan on getting hammered then by all means the entire staff will be at your feet.  ALL I WANTED WAS A BALLOON HAT!!! :(P.S. my wife and I had an upset stomach for the next couple hours
3	Stopped in for lunch. Place was quiet as one would expect. I had the chicken enchiladas served with rice and received beans. Though it was good, I was surprised that it wasn't hot. I didn't feel like sending it back. The enchiladas were served with sour cream and onions...very good.
1	This place sucked. I hate giving bad reviews, and more often than not if I don't want to leave a nice review I leave nothing at all unless I'm pissed off, but this place just was really bad. Unlike a couple of other reviewers' experience, our service wasn't bad at all, in fact that was probably the best part of the whole experience. The real problems: 1. No drink less than $11...and then the drinks weren't even good. They were small, weak and not even delicious. I had a "spicy mango margarita" and it tasted like a regular, non-spicy strawberry margarita (and looked like one too). Not a hint of spice and if that was mango, then I don't know what strawberry is. I was sooo looking forward to that drink too but it wasn't very good, and so expensive I wasn't about to order a different one to see if it was better. Plus it annoys me (especially when you're paying that kind of price) when restaurants/bars serve you drinks in a plastic cup. Really??? I'm paying $11 a drink and you can't even give me a glass?? (We weren't even sitting outside. No excuses.)2. The food sucked...not good. Bland, greasy, dry chicken, no real flavor.We knew when we went there not to have high expectations (especially for the food) but it was worse than expected, and the drinks weren't good. Our stomachs hurt afterward. Never ever going back.
2	Like most people we came here because we were hungry and just happened to be around it at the time.The vibe there is simple: have fun.  And they definitely strove for that.  Although it was far from a full house in the restaurant we had a MC up there like hyping it up like it was packed.  The waiters sang a Backstreet Boys song and opened up the karaoke for anyone else.  They would leave signs behind patrons, like "single and looking" or "kiss me."  Just anything they could do to create a laid back, party atmosphere.But the food.  Ehhhh.  Best thing about the meal were the chips and salsa.  Luckily we got there right before happy hour so we ordered 3 appetizers that came out to 17 bucks.  I got burger sliders and the buns for all of them were SO stale.  I'm normally on a pretty strict diet so to have a "cheat meal" and not enjoy it is mildly devastating.I won't be coming here again.
1	Seriously the lady bartender who worked  Friday 1 am aug 23 the last shift should not be working there , I was taking pictures of the bar and the asses on the seats and all the fun stuff having a good time, until she slapped my phone out my hand and said stop taking pictures! Where does it say not to take pictures ??  And the manager was not found ?? Stay away from this place and if you don't believe me take pictures at the bar and see what happens not a friendly place  , the people hate working there and are not nice to tourists.
1	Educational is the word that comes to mind!  I spent a Sunday afternoon learning how not to treat a customer. From the below average food to the lousy service it was quite a display. The price is inflated considering the quality. The topper was when I received my bill and handed them the groupon that I had just purchased the day before they told me they were not honoring them anymore.... I asked to speak to manager .... Big mistake the idiot they sent me should probably picked a career working with animals not people.  He tried to be apologetic by telling me he didn't sell me the groupon so I had to understand that my 75.00 bill that should have been 25.00 with my voucher was.... Um we'll too bad!  Lol. I would have got mad but was so shocked at the lack of care for a customer I just paid the bill without tipping and thought I got the best education today. I can use this experience while training my customer service staff in the future.  I will call this training "what not to do" when dealing with people. I know they will still have plenty of customers willing to go there, pay the inflated prices and get lousy value however they will never see a penny more out me and I will make sure to tell everyone I meet or know about the people at senior frogs.
1	Went just last week on a Wednesday night, wanted to check out there "glow party" very bad!!! Horrible service. There was barley no one there, took at least 20-25 mins to get a drink & we were at the bar. They do look like they hate there jobs. A waste of time, thank god we were only there for 45 mins, don't bother checking out there glow party, way more funner & better things to do on the strip! Wouldn't go back...
1	Liars! They sold a "get it now"group on so my husband bought it specifically for Labor Day on it-it stated it was only valid for September 2nd for lunch. We purchase two beers, six wings, a burrito, and beef tacos. The total came to $80. They would not accept the group on. They said they were trying to block out that group on for two weeks, but it just had been post one week earlier. So we had to pay all that money for two lousy beers and some pretty generic food. Save your money, their are a lot better places on the strip, with much better food, that is reasonably priced.
3	Decent food. They add a $2 restaurant fee which I've never heard of at a sit down restaurant like that. Waiter was really nice and the beers were cold. Very pricey.
1	Stay clear of this tourist trap!!  Straight out of 1980 atmosphere that is way overpriced for watered down drinks with mediocre food.  The service is apologetic,for the service and the cost.  And for all the misery they will charge you $2.00 per person in your group for the honor of sitting in their deplorable establishment, even if you don't eat or drink.  Worst dining experience I've ever had.  $16.00 for a freakin quesadilla that you can buy at your local taco stand for $2.50.  You've been warned!
5	i have no idea why there is so much negativity.. i totally LOVED it here!!!not to be racist or anything but everyone that seems to be giving Frogs 1 star reviews is white and basing their reviews off the food.. um, helloooo. who the heck goes to Frogs to eat?! this is no Alejandro's/Miguel's white wash mexican food restaurant, it's a damn bar/club. you go to drink and have a good time not to experience 5 star dining.. shoot, take your ass to the Palazzo or Caesers for that. you want inexpensive authentic mexican cooking? drive down to Dona Maria's Restaurant because ain't no body got time for that here and it certainly isn't a bad thing. my hubby, my best friend and her man were here this past weekend to celebrate mexican independence day (9/15/13) keep in mind it's a sunday so i was like ehh i hope it's not dead..so we show up at 10ish (no cover charge) and went straight to the dance area, it wasn't full so we were able to get a good table. my friend and i went up to the bar and ordered a bucket of beer and 2 shots total was $30 some bucks, not bad at all compared to other places on the strip plus the bartender was a total hottie, i forgot her name but she was really nice too so i tipped her $10 on the first round. we get back to our table and let me just say the music was sooooooooooo good. i'm not a big techo/house/top 40 fan and that's usually all you get at the clubs so it was super refreshing to hear some reggaeton/bachata/salsa :D right then, i knew it was going to be a good night!the place filled up pretty quickly, by midnight it was packed, the dj was awesome the whole night, the bartender stayed amazing, and there was this other girl walking around with 3 dollar shots (gummy bear/adios) gummies weren't that strong, i'd def go for the adios ones. and then the classic photographer came around. we bought our pictures for $18+ tax (again, not bad at all)long story short, i had a BLAST. all you "it's too expensive" critics need to take your broke butts home. you're in Vegas! i think prices are perfectly fine especially for all the fun you're having! Frogs is definitely our go to spot from now on! forget these negative reviews, trust me, it's fun.
1	Despite all of the negative reviews, I wanted Mexican food and this was the closest place.  The reviews were correct.  Any resemblance between a real Mexican restaurant and this place is purely coincidental.There is very little to recommend in this place.  The food is edible, but just barely.  To add insult, it is amazingly expensive.  The place tries to be cool and hip, but it fails miserably.  It's true about the staff...there is a boredom that seems to pervade everyone there.  A wasted enterprise...this could be a great experience but whoever runs it needs to go back to the drawing board or sell to someone who knows how to run a Mexican restaurant.
1	Extremely disappointed in this place. margaritas tasted like mix and no booze, beef nachos were just gross. Desperate attempt to make food. Treasure Island spent some money adding this place, to bad the food doesn't reflect that!
2	Came in after the half marathon on 12/2/12 to celebrate and was very disappointed. The service wasn't that great, took forever to receive our drinks and food, and neither were very good. It was a fun atmosphere for the most part and that's why I am giving 2 stars. I was really hoping for more out of this place.
1	The absolute worst margatitas on the strip. We paid $11 for each drink, and they were mostly water. The Bartender also acted like he hated his job.  Never again Senor Frog!
3	Not as much fun as the one in Mexico.... Food is ok, HUGE servings, we always share a plate!  Drinks are a little expensive, but the margaritas are very good!
1	Awful service. Bartender outside adds alcohol to slushy drink. Inside more expensive and doesn't add alcohol. Pours straight from machine which has virtually no alcohol. Rip off!!!!!
1	Terrible customer service!  Stopped by in the afternoon and wanted a table.  Told there was a wait even though it wasn't busy and I saw several open tables.  The hostess told us we could order our food at the bar and then when a table opened up she would move us to the table.  Ten minutes pass by and I remind her of the table.  She tells me that since we already ordered food we have to eat at the bar.  I cancelled that order so fast and hightailed it out of there.  I WISH I knew her name so i could throw her under the bus.  Friggin ragamuffin...I took my business elsewhere!
1	Ever get that feeling the customer is really interfering with the bartenders work?  Yeah me to, this place is a joke.
1	Lame as hell! Jeff the "MC" needs a lesson in customer service. Repeatedly telling a woman he was going to have her ejected from the club for shouting for a male friend on stage. THEN, when our friend who is a PROFESSIONAL singer wanted to do karaoke he told her NO in a very rude way. Even our waitress and her manager came over and apologized with free shots. This place us getting one star for JEFF. Kayla our waitress and the manager are cool. The place is cool except for JEFF!!!!! Jeff is in the wrong business.  Jeff shouldn't be an MC.
1	Tourist. Trap.My gf and I were suckered in by the "Buy one, get one" sign. We walked in, were waited on at the bar, and walked out with two yards of alcohol infused slush. I hardly believe the "alcohol infused" part though. Total waste of money at an inflated price.
1	This place doesn't even deserve one star. We were starving by the time we sat down to eat and wanted to get everything moving quickly so by the time the server came for our order we were all set to go. I told her id like a bottled water and that id want an alcoholic drink in probably ten minutes ( the water I got was 8oz and cost 4$). So after waiting about 35 minutes for our food, someone from the kitchen brings it out and rushes of before we realize we have no silverware! And then it took us another 15 min to flag someone down. So I asked him if he could take my drink order because we haven't seen our server in now over 30 minutes. He said he would tell her. 15 minutes go by and I flag the same kid down and tell him she hasn't been back! He says he can take my order now and I tell him I want a margarita. We wait another ten minutes or so and the server ( who we haven't seen since she took our food order) comes back and asks for my ID! At this point we're so fed up with this place we ask for our check  (which took her a while to get back to us, of course)I wouldn't recommend this place what so ever, the bill was expensive the service was horrible, I would of rather gambled that money away then have to sit through something like that again.
3	Service was great but drinks and prices were horrible.  Mojito and margarita were served in plastic cups with more ice than drink, paid eleven each for lunch time.  Nachos were great but wasn't exactly how we ordered.  Probably wouldn't come to this one again..I'll stick with the locations I know and trust.
1	Shithole. Not only are the drinks overpriced but they said they would have the PAC-12 championship game on and they didn't put it on. Assholes.  Skip this shithole!
2	Our taxi driver recommended this place on our way into Vegas to go to for a first night out. Pretty sub par food. We got there in time for the happy hour but apparently it only applied to drinks; which was buy one get one free for those big slushee drinks. Bad idea - way too sweet! Also, at happy hour you don't really get a server you just go to the bar and have to wait until a bartender is available to order anything.We were sitting right by the doors to go to the outdoor seating and our table had a wobbly leg so we almost spilled our drinks multiple times. We were right around the corner from the bathroom and feet away from a girl who decided to puke her guts out since she couldn't make it all the way to the bathrooms. Just the whole experience was a bummer.
3	This place is fun. It was my first time going to a Senor Frog's and I had a fun time with the sing along and the free shots. However, I am very happy I did not end up paying for a drink and reading these reviews have validated my choice in not doing so. I got a buy one, get two voucher but the yards you get are some of the most expensive I saw in Vegas. About $28 for one (what gives)?! And they had a policy on the bar that said if you were caught giving your two for one yard to someone else, you'd end up paying the full price. That is messed up to me. The drink choices were also extremely unappealing. However, the environment is fun. I love the free balloons we got and I'd go back just for the atmosphere.
1	Over priced tourist trap.Happy hour is 2 for the price of one yards, which are $30 each  Dirty loud atmosphere, bartender was nice but didn't seem happy to be working. Even using the two for one drink coupon we got from the hotel it was still $12 for very small drink. I know vegas isn't cheap but this place is Not worth it.
1	This place was so pitiful, I don't even want to give them a "one star" rating.  That's how bad it was.  Anyway...for starters...when you check into the hotel (Treasure Island ... which is it's own separate bummer, by the way.  But I'm here to yelp the Frog, so sticking to that for now.)  they give you a slew of what appears to be coupon "deals" for you to consider while staying.  Along with their coupons, you'll encounter perched people throughout the casino handing out similar coupons to the same good for nothing over-rated over-priced bar attractions.  However, the coupon says 2-for-1 "yard" drink .... so you can't help but wander in and "check it out".  So me and my boyfriend did.  Big mistake!!!  We got 2 yard sized margaritas with no alcohol (I didn't order them as virgin drinks either) and a bill for $35 (which included a bar fee) .... I was like WTF?? Bar fee?? ... what the hell is that?? ... I'm being charged to sit in their place, I guess. Whatever.  Back to the drinks....nothing but a complete rip off.  The waiter conveniently over charged me for drinks we didn't order...and later when I brought it to his attention...he said "my bad" (LOL...really? That's all you got for me?). Also, when I mentioned the lack of alcohol in my yard size margarita...the waiter brought  me one small shot to pour in....and said "sorry, next time you visit us, and if the drinks are weak, just let me know. I'll take care of you." (again,  I'm laughing and shaking my head).  I suggest you turn around and walk back out before you sit down and get trapped.  Next!!!BTW... the place seems to attract the really duncy type of college kids.  Not exactly the environment I enjoy spending my leisure time at.  Again....next!! Too many other places in Las Vegas you can joyfully waste your money at. This is not one of them.
1	Went to this place for New Year's as a last minute thing. Me and my peeps paid 100 bucks cover with open bar. It was lame. It was hard even get a drink, it was so dead, and the bartenders were lazy as hell. There was only one bartender on duty after the countdown and he was making out with his waitress g/f/ for the next fifteen minutes. Because of this, no one was able to get a drink. It was full of people having a midlife crisis and a few nerds attempting to be the next Tucker Max. I only went there because there was a change in plans and my folks were staying at the T.I. which sucks as well, while I was staying at the Palazzo. I should've gone to TAO and gotten in for free.
2	Food is okay, nothing great. Prices high but that's Vegas in the casinos. Fun interactive atmosphere. Not sure about the other servers but mine was not good. After he dropped off the food I never saw him again.
1	PASS!Why is the food here so gosh darn awful?! Such a prime location with great views of the strip yet they can't give you a decent meal. Tsk tsk! Especially at these ridiculous prices! My girlfriends came here for happy hour which is between 3-6pm. No food specials but their souvenir cup drinks are buy one get one free. So roughly a yard would be anywhere between $10-$15 for one during hh. We shared an order of chicken quesadilla, steak nachos and sliders. Chicken quesadilla was good. Nice pieces of grilled chicken but for some reason it was hard keeping it together. Not for the lack of cheese but whatever cheese they used didn't melt that well to glue the tortilla together. Steak nachos were awful! Hardly any steak and nothing about it would make me want to order it again. How can you mess up nachos? So easy!! Sliders were awful! Dry dry dry! The buns were so hard they were inedible. We really should have sent it back come to think of it. The patty looked like something that came out of the microwave. Are you serious? Senor Frogs has so much potential! Such a cute theme and nice fun restaurant. Would be a great place to day drink and have a shareable meal, unfortunately it is just all crap. If you're looking for a fun day time place to lunch on the strip, I'd go to Diablos at the Monte Carlo instead. And what's up with their servers/bussers?! You can't promote a young hip restaurant when every is older than my momma!Tourist trap!! Take my advice and don't be a sucker!
1	I really hate writing bad reviews especially as the staff had NOTHING to do with this.   The ownership here is awful.  Its completely switch and bait.  They hand out these coupons on the strip buy one drink and get another for free so we come in for happy hour expecting a good deal.   What they do not tell you is that these "drinks" are HUGE and literally cost  20.00 to 28.00 a piece.   For two of us just an appetizer and two drink orders a piece @ 2/1 on coupon our bill came out to over $100.00.   We of course tipped the waiter 20.00 but other guests were not tipping at all due to the rip off scheme they have going there.   We really felt taken advantage of and we felt like they prey on the tourists.  We did not take that out on the wait staff but after quiet inquiries we were told this happens a lot where guests complain to the staff there.   We will never go there again and we have friends that frequent vegas and neither will they and they are also writing their reviews.  We were with a rather large group when we went down for my birthday just recently.  We have relatives that live there and we should have asked where to go or looked on yelp.  After looking at how many stars this place has its no big surprise.   If I could give it a 0 I really would and that just PAINS me having worked in this industry years ago.   The entertainment was good but after seeing the bill I was seeing red too much to be in too much of a good mood even after the drinks and the entertainment.   The owners should really be ashamed for preying on people like this.   I am sure though with the size of their pocket books they don't care much.   Its no wonder they have to hand out coupons and scam people to get people in there.   I am SURE they have zero repeat business at this place.
1	Terrible DJ. Watered down drinks. Extremely poor service. On a slow night we had to walk the restaurant to find our server and he hadn't been back in 25 minutes. The reviews on here are spot on. Great location, but you wonder if there is even a manger here. We ordered the brownie for dessert and it might have been the worst restaurant brownie I've ever had. Literally tasted like they took it out of the freeze, unwrapped it and put it on our table. After we paid the bill ($53 for 3 small, watered down drinks and a brownie) our server said he'd take it off the bill (there was one bite gone after an hour) but then couldn't remove it because he said he ran the card already. Don't come here.
4	This review is solely for their happy hour. Buy one get one free!! You get either the yard long margaritas or the 24 ounce palm tree margaritas and it's buy one get one free- all  night! I also wanted a jalapeno margarita, which they didn't have on the menu, and the bar tender went ahead and made it anyways and included it in the happy hour prices. Very nice of her. This place is NOT FAMILY FRIENDLY past 7 PM. But what place in Vegas is? The staff was drunk and the manager was a little creepy... the bouncer was telling me that the managers buy free shots for the girls that come in. Once again, not a surprise in Vegas. Good view! You can sit outside by the water and pirate ships. Overall, for the price, why not??
5	Bartender hooked it up... was hesitant about coming here but had a very good time....
1	NO stars if possible! I am reviewing only on the nightclub aspect. The sound system in this place is terrible, you couldn't even hear the music, only bass bass bass. Drinks extremely watered down and only 2 bartenders in the whole place! At least 2 fights broke out and the people that were fighting were not even taken out of the club. Avoid!
4	I have to write a review to stick up for this place. We arrived around 230p at the bar, (about 30 minutes before happy hour) but the bartender gave us the drinks at happy hour price! He was awesome. The yard drinks are buy 1 get 1 free, there was three of us so the fourth one our bartender split the drink into thirds so we can all drink it. It was another plus! I don't know about these other bartenders but we ordered a "Frog Buster" & AMF, holy strong! We definitely felt it after we finished all of it. The music was amazing! They played everything from Bel Biv Devo to Drake, we were all dancing and having a good time. We did drunkenly make the mistake of paying for the other price shirts. The next day we realized they were $30! Over all the drinks were strong, the music was good & bartenders were friendly. I am definitely coming back next Vegas trip.
1	My wife and I were really looking forward to dinner at Senor Frog. The food was quite disappointing. It was overpriced, but as locals we expect that on the Strip. She ordered a burrito, me a chimichanga. Our meals looked great, but as we dug in we both saw it was 95 percent RICE, hardly any meat inside. For $18 apiece, we could of ordered food at Roberto's Taco Shop that is 10 times better. Then we kidded each other about the sides, avocado and rice. More rice. At least the side should of been refried beans so our meals wouldn't be 98% rice. Good place to eat if you're a vegetarian. Than all you have to do is pick out the tiny fragments of meat in the burrito or chimichanga.
1	Being a local, I agree that this place is over priced...but so is every other place on the strip. Myself and 2 teens shared a plate of nachos before going to Fashion Show on Sunday afternoon. Food was good, my happy hour drinks were strong, my server was kind and sweet, and even the photo chick was nice! However....the hostess was rude, condescending, and downright mean. Not something that I would expect in the service industry in a "hostess" position...or from a supposedly "up-beat" place like Senor Frogs....or on a Sunday afternoon at the beginning of your shift.........................She really killed the whole experience and am no longer a fan.............one bad apple...
3	Well we made a stop at here for dinner while in Las Vegas.  The only reason I gave this place 3 stars is the atmosphere. The food was just ok and the drinks are really expensive but what isn't expensive on the strip.  I agree with other reviewers this is definitely not kid friendly.  The high light the balloon woman. She was making balloon sculptures with adult themes.  She is very talented. The balloons seemed to be a hit with the wild fun side of adult Vegas. As for going back for another visit, maybe if I win big and need a quick bite.
3	Fun atmosphere and great view of the strip. I'm coming back with friends next time in vegas!  This place is always a party.  I was there on a Tuesday night while in town for work and it gave me a good chuckle.  There was Karaoke and free drinks! Lol. It also over looks the strip and has a nice outdoor patio. The service was great and the food was to be expected.
3	We came here on our first night since it was in the hotel where we stayed. It was fun! They offered two for one drinks, so of couse we were sold! They give you the yard long masterpieces full of tequila and juices (many other options, but I wanted strength), which was pretty good. I ordered mini burgers which were pretty good as well, nothing super memorable. It was fun how they bring around different signs that point you out in a funny way... we all got a kick out of that. Music was good, I definitely got up and danced when I shouldn't have. Oh well, it's Vegas... you have to! If I stayed at TI again I would visit, but otherwise might try to find something else just to change it up.
2	I'm very sad to say how disappointed in this place I am. The wait was kind of ridiculous, the prices are high and the quality of food is horrible. Very disappointing. The atmosphere is nice though, hence the reason for the two stars. Signs are funny, waitress wasn't approachable..
1	Can't think of much good to say about this place.  Don't go for food, and not sure I would recommend the bar either.  There was a smell of rancid trash that would waft out of the kitchen occasionally and the service was poor.  Unless you are a teenager or a college student that just wants to get drunk, avoid this place like the plague.
3	Ugh, I really want to give this place 2 stars or even 1 star .... but the lady there that makes balloon hats was such a delight !!! We basically ordered 2 drinks (BOGO yard drinks) I guess i can't really expect much when it's a BOGO deal. But we ended up getting this frog-arita drink (guava flavor) which was wayyyyyy too sour. it tasted so horrible and actually killed my buzz. We asked them to re-make it and it was exactly the same taste .... i'm sure they just took our drink back & didn't bother making us a new one. But the lady there that goes around and makes balloon hats for everyone was so sweet and creative! We were there for the ASD convention show and we showed her our company logo and she made an exact replica of our logo in balloon form!!! Quite amazing and impressed, I'll say!This place is in the Treasure Island hotel and has many tables & seating. Not only that, they also have a MC and a dance floor. They were offering free shots to people that were on the dance floors, as well as KTV on the stage. I'll give them credit that they try to make it as festive and upbeat as possible, but the drinks and our waitress was not too pleasant.
2	This place is garbage. 2 stars instead of one because I didn't have to pay, the manager took care of it.We start by asking what their signature drink is. It's a frozen drink that apparently has no alcohol in it for $13.I figure maybe I can't taste any alcohol because it's frozen. Lets try a margarita. Pure mix. No tequila. We ask the bartender if they wouldn't mind adding some tequila and they did.Finally, the food comes out. The beans look like they have been sitting 15 minutes. The temperature confirms this. The middle enchilada was still warm because his buddies insulated him. So we had that going for us!Steer clear. This place has bad reviews for a reason.
2	This place isn't clean. It's dirty and sticky; plus, the food isn't very good either. Or the bar for that matter, because they barely serve alcohol. It's really not a place that you would want to purchase anything. Also, it smells weird in some areas; I thought it was vomit, but it was just really gross. The one, ONLY thing that this place is good for is for dancing and listening to music. Latin nights. They are just a whole lot of fun. It's super crowded, with crazy music, and even crazier dancing. Everyone here needs to be careful, the crowd is really touchy-feely because they want to dance on you. If you're not into that sort of thing, then this really isn't the spot you want to hang out at! The one thing that I thought was kinda cool was the comic book-esque sayings that were plastered on the ceiling. I'll come back if someone brings me there, but only to dance. But definitely have a drink somewhere else, because you shouldn't be ordering here.
3	Too expensive for what you get- better, cheaper options if you just walk a tad further. Service was great but management seriously needs to look at pricing. $18 for a tiny chicken sandwich? Watched multiple people leave after being seated. Only stayed  to get kids meals and water- ate our KIND bars rather than contribute further to this insane operation. However- service was attentive and professional.
3	So this was the venue for the after party of Weeple Army from the Spartan Race. It's located at the Treasure Island and it has a very nice view from the balcony. One thing I noticed was the rude staff. They weren't busy but man, the sarcasm was very obvious! People have enjoyed dancing from the beats of the DJ, mostly hip hop. None of us ordered food but drinks. Overall, it was an ok experience as we have consumed the night bragging about the race.
1	I should have read the reviews!.... Food terrible; I ordered the burger sliders, and after 45 minutes I received them cold and hard, my husband ordered a bacon burgers and received a dry cold regular burger. Service; the worse here in Las Vegas- we waited for an hour because they told us the kitchen was backed up. After we were seated we waited another 45 to receive our food. Our waiter came twice in the 2 hours we were there. I needed some ranch and when I asked the server he told me to ask my waiter... I don't get why he couldn't just give it to Me. I'll never come back. I recommend u take your money somewhere else where u'll get good serivice
1	I should have read the reviews!.... Food terrible; I ordered the burger sliders, and after 45 minutes I received them cold and hard, my husband ordered a bacon burgers and received a dry cold regular burger. Service; the worse here in Las Vegas- we waited for an hour because they told us the kitchen was backed up. After we were seated we waited another 45 to receive our food. Our waiter came twice in the 2 hours we were there. I needed some ranch and when I asked the server he told me to ask my waiter... I don't get why he couldn't just give it to Me. I'll never come back. I recommend u take your money somewhere else where u'll get good serivice
1	My hubby and myself came here looking for a late night drink with a bite to eat!  Arrived about 10ish and sat at the patio/bar area.  We were promptly greeted by a friendly bartender who was nice and very informative.  We ordered drinks and when we asked for a food menu we were informed that the kitchen was closed!  WTF!!! Are you serious!??  10:15 at a Las Vegas casino and the kitchen is closing????!  Anyway....we continued to order drinks however we were told that the bar was doing a last call and we would need to order our last drinks NOW or either go inside the club for more drinks!  It was 10:30....Not happy!  Needless to say we closed out our check and left!  Will not return!
3	cool place to go dancing.  we usually go on Saturdays for Latin nights, and it usually pretty fun.only reason i am even giving three stars is for the music and the DJ keeping the energy levels up. If it wasn't for that id probably give this place no stars. Biggest reason is the bartenders. The bartenders on the bottom level suck. Specially the older guy closest to the entrance.Guy is rude and you can tell he hates being there.
1	If you are looking for authentic Mexican food DO NOT EAT HERE. This was by far some of the worst food I have ever tasted. My enchiladas had two slices of American Cheese on them and my margarita was so sweet and filled with syrup I chose to not drink it. Absolutely not worth the money.
1	This is up there on the BAD FOOD LIST.  I had to walk into T.I. to ask about the Cirque show which apparently was dark, so we couldn't see it.  Saw Senor Frogs and went in since I was hungry and tired of walking and the wind was blowing insanely.Well here's the bad:  the menu is really small and everything is overpriced! Chips and salsa were $6 (not kidding at all).  I got a mango spice margarita and it tasted like OJ and hot sauce. My girlfriend tasted it and made a disgusted face.   I asked the server politely to top it off as it was too spicy and it came back spicy again.  I tried to be a good sport and drink it, but it was burning my esophagus.  Did I ask for cold liquefied salsa and sugar in a cup? Ewww.  Also, it was in one of those clear plastic cups from the dollar store.  For the prices, the could use better cups!I do not recommend this place to anyone.
3	Came here for Cinqo De Mayo- did the conga line for a free shot- horrible free shot and danced a Coca song on the dance floor- a little to sober for this experience and felt pretty old. However this pace reminded me of my under 21 days spend on Revolution Street in Tijuana. I didn't like the margarita mix they used either. It was the perfect place to come for Cinqo De Mayo.
1	This is for drinks only. We got the frozen yard sticks. 2 for $30 because it was happy hour. Not a good deal I found out later. I ordered the poncho villa. Gross I hated every taste of it. I had to choke it down. The boyfriend got the frog punch. Not enough booze (in either drink) but at least it tasted better. Go to Fat Tuesday, better tasting better price.
1	Be prepared to wait for your food for 45 minutes. Also when it gets here it will look inedible and taste really bad. You will pay a lot too and don't say anything or risk an eye roll from the wait staff. Seriously skip this place
2	Save your money. The food is like super overpriced Taco Bell. The table they sat us at was dirty. You can feel the salt grit on it. The next table was a tad cleaner. The waiter was good and the entertainment was great! ( thank you Greg).  The food is dreadful. We ordered the flavorless Tortilla Soup, over dressed BLT wrap, and  fair Chicken Fajitas. The prices on the food was way too much not worth it. The drinks were good, just skip the food.
2	Great atmosphere and fun! Overpriced food. Balloon artist was great but our waitress was on the nasty side. Had to wait a half hour to run my card that she didn't care to do.
1	The worst.  I had a bone in the chicken taco.  The guacamole was fake as was the sour cream.
2	This was a bad joke. Went here excited with family for lunch and spent $130 on very subpar food and drinks. Even though the lagoon is drained and there is no Pirate show, the prices are still ridiculously high for Las Vegas.My wife's margarita that she couldn't get down because it tasted like sour patch kids with no alcohol was $27, my basic nachos with beef were $20, wife's chimi was $20, basic burger 20 bucks, you get it.  Kids virgin margarita 10 bucks and neither of my kids would drink them because they didn't taste good.Not sure how they can get away with charging these prices with average food and subpar drinks while under construction.  Left really pissed off.
1	Guy with the microphone and mohawk was a complete jerk!  Girls were dancing on stage and a friend of mine went up to join.  He told her "get the F* off the stage now or I'll F*ing throw you off".  Since when is it okay  to cuss and be rude to customers?  There were people up on the stage the whole nigh.  Not sure what the big deal was but he could have just asked her.  Rest of the staff was super friendly and great!
5	We went on a busy night and it's not hard to believe they were busy as the outside deck has a view of the Treasure Island pirate show which if you time it right, can be seen from your table. We went inside and the restaurant was busy and because there was an hour long wait to get a table we decided to grab a table outside near the bar, but also so we could watch the show. When sitting, I went to the bar and grabbed menus to take to the table. I did not expect table service as I was in the bar area and planed to pick up food/drink at the bar and take to the table. Our bartender was BENHAM and he was awesome. Once he noticed what I was doing, Without asking he came from around the bar and came to the table not only to take our order but also to bring our food and check up on us through our meal. AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE. Benham was helpful, friendly and funny - the service we received was exceptional. Rarely do you make a personal connection when visiting an establishment for the first however the experience i received not only earned my respect but also established my loyalty. We came for a good time and got exactly that. I will return the next time I am in Vegas, and I have been back since.
2	What the heck happened to Senior Frogs??? I recently went during Memorial Day weekend and was excited to take my friends!! The food was meh but I could've lived with that seeing that most people only go for drinks -- however the drinks were awful!!!!! We all had yards and not one person tasted any liquor. I'll definitely got to Cabo Wabo instead!
1	We went on a Tuesday eve at approximately 8:00p. Took 30 mins to be seated, waiter was quick and friendly when taking our order. This is where it took a dive. We ordered one appetizer, two entrees and a few drinks. The entrees took OVER an HOUR to come out after our order, the appetizer took an additional 35 minutes after that!! Seriously?!? It was a Tuesday, the place wasn't even packed! The waiter kept disappearing when we tried to get the check. When all was settled and done, we finally got to leave at about 10:30p! It's absolutely ridiculous to spend that amount of time in a very casual dining restaurant. A complete waste of time and money. Will NEVER go again! I gave it one stars because the food was edible. Barely.Sorry for the very delayed review folks, this was from Aug of 2013. I can't imagine they've done a complete overhaul since then, though one could hope.
4	Always a interesting time! I have been here on several occasions. The staff is very interactive with the customers which creates a fun environment. The only downside was this last time our lady bartender wasn't the most attentive but the environment made up for it.
2	Good music,  but place was kinda empty.  They handed me a buy 1 get 1 drink free coupon when we entered.  We ordered a margarita and a bud lite. 30 bucks wow,  and one drink was free. I would expect at that price maybe some chips and salsa but nothing.  I had to go to the bar to order no waitress in site.  Much better places to go in Vegas
4	I really loved this place in Vegas!!! Altho it was one helluv a trip down the strip it was worth it the drinks were great and the food was cheap and good! We went during the day so it wasn't as busy but i wish we had had more time in Vegas cause I bet that place is poppin at night!
1	Overcharged on drinks, horrible service, and the server took it upon herself to add on a tip. I should call management.. Stay away from Amanda.
2	We came here for the USA vs Portugal World Cup match. It was packed for the match.My friend ordered the nachos for everyone to share. It took forever to get them. I'd say close to an hour. I understand it was busy, but things were a bit chaotic it seemed. When it finally came out they were a bit soggy and we had to use forks to eat them. It made me wonder how long they sat waiting to be delivered to our table. We expected better from a $16 nacho.The service here was slow. Our table didn't have a server so we had to go directly to the bar. On a busy Sunday there was only 1 bartender so it took a while to get a drink.
1	My wife and I went there this past Saturday for lunch and sat on the patio.  Our server Angela completely blew us off the whole time.  My wife never received a refill on her soda, there was never a checkback on our meal, and when we sent our appetizer back because it came after the meals were delivered we were shunned upon.  We watched one table get up completely after waiting twenty minutes to be served, another group next to our table had to go to the bar to order their drinks, and it just went downhill from there.  Never in my life have I had such horrible service that I tipped zero, but for this meal I did.  When I went to leave I asked for the manager, the girl said he is over there, and then I had to hunt him down.  When I explained to him, there was absolutely no apology, and the manager just asked who our server was.  The only bright side of the visit were the tacos which were amazing.
1	If you think you are going to authentic Senior Frog you will be disappointed. It might be owned by the same corporate group, but this one has nothing in common with the Senior Frog's of Mexico. Entertainment, if you can call it that is 80's and 90's hits with quality of the college dorm. Food is lousy at best and overpriced even by the Strip standards. A burrito for $18 has a quality of roadside gas station and unfriendly, stonewall faces of servers will not help either. Location on the strip at TI behind the closed pirate ship, collecting dust is the only thing Senior Frog has going for it
1	The service was horrible...the restaurant wasn't even busy and the waiter took forever to come and take our order...the drinks were ok and the nachos were good. The tables were not clean though. It was so sticky! At the end the waiter gave us the bill and Gil us gratuity wasn't included and to have a good day...really??? Why would you tell us that? Don't plan on going back there
3	The food was great,  but a little over priced even for Vegas. The staff was friendly and attentive. Definitely a good place to start a party night.
1	One word describe my experience horrible!!! Came here for the first time, but everyone knows what senior frogs is. We came in after a little wait which is to be expected, we were showed to our table which was still dirty, after it being cleaned we waited for our server for 20 mins we should have left but we had a coupon for drinks. Our sever Emmanuelle gave the drinks to wrong table, after noticing and people placing straws in the drinks he takes them off the table and gives them to us. Gross!!!We asked for new drinks, and he got upset. Our food was cold, and our sever never checked on us. When we tried to get his attention he told us we had to wait. We were the only table that didn't get balloons, when we mentioned it we were told we can get the ones behind the table.  What!! I get that it's popular but what about customer service?? This place has absolutely none, the manager should take a good look at their management skills, and the team they have under them. I would never go to this location again.
1	This place has horrible service! Stay away! We waited 15 minutes before we left. Waitresses walked by and didn't even look at us. Like we weren't even here! Avoid this place if you come to TI. You get better service at the pizza place.
1	How is this place still in business? It's not only overpriced, but some of the worst quality tasting food ever. We tried to give it a shot since it was close to TI. But seriously, stay away at all costs. Waste of time and money. We get there and order or food & drinks. The juice we got was WATERED DOWN. never have I gotten watered down juice in my life. Look, its already over priced because it's Vegas, but you're gonna try and be cheap and water down your drinks too? .. actually, maybe that's how theyr'e staying in business, by changing the quality of all their food with shortcuts. I ask them if I can change the pineapple juice to orange juice, cause hey, what if it's just that juice? Nope. Same result. 45 minutes later our food arrives. Nothing looks fresh, or appetizing. The beans tasted like canned beans. My friend had to order something completely different because she couldn't even eat her food. So she got a salad, since it's pretty hard to screw up a salad. I got a Burger which I asked for medium well and of course got well done. The bun was hard as a rock, I was able to knock on it.. The fries did not taste very fresh, like the oil's never been changed. Do yourself a favor, save your money and appetite and take it elsewhere.
5	Great service from Olga! She even tracked us down in the casino to give me the sunglasses I forgot...so nice and definetly not expected in a place like Vegas. Fish tacos and blackened chicken sandwich were both good. Nice view from the patio. Groupon worked fine. Everybody was really friendly and I would definetly recommend it to a friend.
1	I came here mostly because I had a buy one get one free coupon for cocktails. The disclaimer says under 9 dollars... Too bad there are 0 cocktails for under 12 dollars so I just stuck with a water. My girlfriend got a wet burrito and she ate just a bit because it was "way too dry". How does that happen with a wet burrito? I ordered a BBQ pulled pork. It was the worst thing I've ever had in my life. It had drown in so much sweet BBQ sauce that chewing it down was almost torture. The sweet fries are on par with Applebee's. I was looking forward the corn on the cob for a nice crunch but it was actually soggy like it was dropped in a puddle. I've honestly never heard of soggy corn. Was this done on purpose? How do you mess up that bad?The best part was watching some drunk kid sing karaoke from my sticky table.Instead of going to the casino after, I just went up to my room.  I'm actually writing this from my toilet. Wish me luck.
1	Went here last Saturday since it was in the same hotel where our show was. Big mistake! Husband ordered fish tacos and it was ok but not much different from any fish taco ordered through a fast food drive thru. I ordered chicken tacos and it was by far the worst tacos I have ever had in my life. It tasted like chicken boiled in water with a sprinkle of cheese on top. Nothing else. Sure they gave little cups of sour cream, salsa, and guacamole but it didn't help it taste any better. It's like they forgot to season it or something. I only took a few bites and gave up. When you spend $80 for two entrees and drinks you expect some edible food.  Oh and they tell you that you get a mini appetizer with every order so I got mini nachos which consisted of three tortilla chips and it took 30 minutes to get. This place was such a joke. Never again!
2	Great place to have fun & party and get drunk... Bad place to eat!!! Food was so bland & plain.. Like some bad ass Mexican bar food!
1	This is one of the worst eating experience we have had in Vegas... The food was left out long enough for it to get cold and did not taste good. Now we have been waiting 1 hour for our check. We have asked twice now. We can't even pay... We feel like just walking out. The service here clearly sucks! And it is so overpriced for warm food that has been sitting out.
1	The absolute worst Mexican food I have ever had. Not only are the prices absurd but the food quality is low. I would rather eat from a vending machine.
4	I had a total and complete blast here. I kid you not, lol. The service was great and the drinks rocked! The decor was humorous, and the bar food was good also. Me and my friends going back tonight!
3	My boyfriend and I had a $150.00 gift card to spend here from some "Time share thing" We attended. Right away there was 2 hostess didn't greet us or anything basically ignored us until they were done with their conversation. We sat outside which I loved weather was hot but it was nice. Our waitress was awesome! Her name was Melissa, and she took great care of gave awesome service! We got drinks I ordered a "Gummy Frog" which is a shot and it was good then ordered a 29oz "Bahama Mama" and that was good too. They had a special buy one get one free so that was a plus. For appetizers I ordered Tortilla soup it was so so I liked how they give you all kinds of fixings for it but I had  better. My boyfriend ordered wings nothing special. For our entrees I ordered fish tacos which were ok but the cole slaw they put in it for me kind of killed it. My boyfriend ordered the beef chimichanga it was huge he said it was good not great and the rice was not all that. So basically drinks and our waitress were great!
4	I am actually really surprised by how low of a rating this place has!Came here with some girlfriends to grab late lunch and drinks after checking in to our hotel. We were seated right away and had two tables pushed together so we could all sit together. We were all happy with our food and got the fun tall drinks. It was also happy hour, which was an added bonus, in addition to our free drink tickets. The prices were reasonable and the people who worked there were great! It was oppressively hot (to our New England standards) when we visited but we were seated right by the door, so we got to enjoy the cool A/C air while still being seated outside.As always, super fun decor!
1	Ugggh. I want to like this place, I really do, but nope can't do it. I understand that on the strip everything is more expensive and I don't mind paying for quality but there's few things I hate more than paying for a bad time. I've come here both for the restaurant and the bar and both times I walked away questioning myself. The food here is super meh. Like it's not disgusting, but wouldn't be my first, second, or even third choice. The burgers, fries and everything was tasteless That all could be forgiven if they actually handled the alcohol properly. I tried the yard, and it tasted metallic and not very strong. I switched over to screwdriver, but apparently the bartender forgot that vodka goes in there because I only tasted juice. Another time when I came in, I was waiting at the bar for about 10 minutes, was barely acknowledged and it wasn't until one of my female friends who is quite easy on the eyes did my drink order get taken, and it was quite possible the worst AMF I've ever had and I don't say that lightly. You have to be absolutely horrible for me to stop drinking alcohol that I paid forThe only good things about this place is that it's great for dancing, I had a blast doing that and the signs on the roof are funny, but not worth it for me
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! The food was the worst food I've ever had. The beans were canned and the enchiladas were absolutely disgusting. I took 2 bites and told the server I didn't like it, the manager said he would only give us 50% off! For 2 bites? Worst part of my Vegas trip was eating at this place. I would give it negative stars if I could
3	The frozen drinks were weak and definitely not worth their price tag.  We did, however, enjoy sipping them on the patio during an overcast Vegas Saturday morning.  It was actually relaxing.  So my stars are for the casual ambience and not for the drinks themselves.  It worked and was fine for the moment, but we are in no race to go back.  My advice:  order an "on the rocks" drink and stay away from frozen ones.
4	Open bar for 25 dollars is a good place to get drunk on the cheap after you lost too much money betting on WNBA. DJ is pretty good. He does wear a lot of Ed Hardy, but all things being equal a good dude that plays fun drank music.
1	I'm giving it a star but really this was as bad as it gets.    Pricey, terrible food and not even worth it on a Groupon.   Beware...
1	- 2 stars...... Not Mexican food.  Ate 3 bites of nachos.  Which Did not come with salsa.  Cost 20.00. It was disgusting.  Manager blamed it on the casino.
5	The best place to turn up though ahaha They have Yard drinks, Buy one get one free if you use the card the promoter gives. ItWas about 30 dollars for one and as for the mixed cocktails it's 15 bucks. Pretty pricey but then again you're at the strip.
1	Furious with this place. Went there for part of my bachelorette party. Got a groupon voucher for eighty dollars worth of food. My bill came out to 79. Including tax. Somehow end up getting charged 40 dollars. I wait FOREVER for the waitress to come back and ask her to fix it. Somehow she still charges me 20. At this point I'm running late and just want to get out. So I left. First time in my life that I didn't tip, but if they ever figure out their mistake, she can have the damn twenty dollars. And the food wasn't even good
1	If I could rate zero stars I would. Bartender was cordial, not his problem but $18 for a bottled bud light with a free drink coupon changed my entire night. What in the world?? This cannot be Las Vegas,  I must be in Prague. Never and I mean ever going back to this ridiculousness.
2	Most overpriced margaritas I have ever had. And the salsa that came with the chips that I ordered tasted like it had come out of a can. The only reason they get any stars at all is because the balloon guy was pretty funny and entertaining.
2	Rip off poor service good thing me and my friend purchased off groupin tge only good food was tge chips &salsa that we had to pay for an coconut shrimp wait service sucked prices very high want recommend this place TI could have put a Chevy or chilis instead of senor frog
1	So not only was "Paco" extremely rude but he refused to give us two waters. He apparently gave us one, but refused to give us a second and said we needed to pay for the second. I don't care if there are or are not any dram shop acts in Las Vegas, but you cannot deny water to people you've been serving alcohol to.  Especially when I know for a fact, and I have proof, that they were serving 19 year olds alcohol. Of course "Paco" who was extremely rude tried to deny alcohol and charge for it was completely out of line.  A bartender should NEVER be required to ask for permission to serve water to a customer no matter what the circumstances are.
4	Stopped here on a Friday night & was not disappointed.  DJ spinning just about every kind of music.  Never heard such a variety & I go to a lot of clubs.  A little small but a ton of fun.  They lost a star because the bar could have used one extra bartender.  The drinks were on par with other Vegas clubs, maybe even a buck cheaper.  Beer & a top shelf vodka tonic for $20.  I will definitely make this a stop whenever I am in town.  Ladies free & guys cover reasonable.
2	Pros: Fun if you are drunk out of your mind. Or just turned 21. Or just turned 21 and drunk out of your mind. Oh, and if you are from Nebraska. Honestly though, the environment is really energetic and loud so don't expect to actually talk to anyone you are eating with. The fish and chips are good, food wise. Oh, and you can take goofy pictures, so that's fun.Hint: if you walk in somewhere and they ask if you are there to drink or to eat, never eat the food. Unless you love globs and globs of cheese. The rubbery, oily kind. Cons: Literally the WORST meal that I have ever paid for. Had to pay for chips and salsa. The salsa was awful. How do you mess up salsa in a Mexican restaurant? My partner ordered tacos. Only ate two bites of one taco because they were gross. Again, how do you mess up tacos in a Mexican restaurant?  I'm not too surprised because I should have known better. I mean, it's Vegas and I got a coupon for a free appetizer. There had to be a catch. Stick to the buffets, people. Your wallets and stomach will thank you.
1	Went to Senor Frogs for E-40 & Suga Free pass thtough. It was not a concert. Imagine being told by staff you can't wear a ball cap finally getting in and there are ball caps. Over-priced drinks and listening to the 97.5 dj trying to keep the energy up. We got there at 10 pm and the show was a lil late by 2 AM the crowd was enormous,  it was hella hot, packed in like sardines, no show. We left our folks there because hell it was 2 AM and we weren't gonna spend $200 plus for bottle service. Never saw E40 or Suga Free and I find out E40 didnt come on stage until 4 AM and did 3 songs and left. (Blank Stare). Rip off. Luckily we won these tickets, but for those who bought them, I'd be all over the sponsors for a poor product. Senor Frogs, I know you're in it for the money, but packing people in with no promised show until the frikkin morning is not cool. And if I could write a bad review to E40 on yelp, I would.
2	This was on my sister's "let's try it" list. Have to admit, I perused the menu prior to coming to the restaurant. I wasn't that excited. We came during lunch, and the service was lackluster. 10-15 minutes after being seated we had no greeting from our server and one of the hostesses had to take our order. 5 minutes after that, our server appeared and said hello. I ordered the fish tacos, they were alright nothing to spectacular about them. I was  surprised there were no sides to the fish tacos. The food was decent, the atmosphere was ok. Not on my "return" list. I'd rather fly back to the Bay Area and go to Palo Alto Sol and Lulu's.
1	Food had no flavor and was pricy. Should have just gone to chipotle.Rice was so bland only had one bite. The beef in the chimichanga was horrible quality meat, I get a lot better quality meat from street tacos.
2	This place is a bit overrated, sorry folks!  Do they have an awesome DJ nightly that keeps people having fun?  Yes!  Do they make awesomely inappropriate balloon hats for patrons?  Yes!  Is there food INCREDIBLY over-priced?  YES!!!  $17.00 for a very regular cheeseburger and fries is a bit out of line.  Go for the atmosphere and possibly a drink, skip dinner!They have a Groupon right now, need I say more?
1	This place is where the early 2000's live on. The only thing more obnoxious than the soundtrack is the decor. Someone save it from itself, but first get me out of here.
1	I love Latin nights but the bartenders are so rude!**quick tip they don't except American Express** I got yelled at by the bartender for not having any other form of payment with me.
1	Probably some of the worst, overpriced food I've ever purchased- and I had a Groupon which made it 50% off!  The ribs were cold and smothered in so much sauce you couldn't taste any meat. My wifes chicken fajita tasted like lighter fluid.  We won't be back. If I could, I'd give it zero stars. I've eaten at a lot of places in Vegas and this one left me feeling robbed. How this place stays in business is beyond me. Much better food and prices at Gilleys.
1	Horrible experience. They make you wait outside the club inline for no reason because was empty. I had a female promoter walk up on me & my husband with a beautiful smile ( could not hide behind it that she was under the influence)  she said loud & clear : open bar for ladies $15 & gentlemen pay $10 for cover only. When we got to the door things changed.. they charged $40 for both of us. -.- really? At that point,  after waiting and wanting a good time we paid and went in. Open bar sucked, they don't serve beer, their well brands are cheap. Club was dead. Left a little after 2:00am waiting for the busy friday night that the bartender assured us would happen by 12am...  never ever did.
1	Whhhhhhy didn't I look at yelp reviews before I took someone there for their birthday. Omg this place needs restaurant rescue. The food was awful... They only had half the menu available anyway. Yuck.
5	Went for a work event and wasn't let down. Brenda was super friendly and made sure we were taken care of. The bartenders weren't shy with the Crown Royal and deserved the huge tip we left on the bar. We'll be back many more times. I hear latin nights are the $#!+..
1	Maybe fun if you're here for shots late at night. Came here for lunch, had to ask for different lines twice as they were all brown and dried out. Nachos were dried out and chewy with processed nacho cheese. Sent it back
1	Mayne this place gave me the bubblegutts. Don't know why I ate here before checking the ratings :( stomach still feels like crap the day after. At least I got a balloon hat tho.
1	The only highlight of this place is the staff. They do their best to make up for the horrible food, obnoxious music, & extremely lousy drinks. Their pricing is ridiculous, especially for the quality of microwavable food they serve.  Also, their "Free Appetizer" coupons are a joke. You get 6, yes exactly 6, chips with horrible nacho cheese over the top, that looks like it has been sitting for hours. Like I said, the staff is the only good thing about this place, other than that, stay away. For the same price point, you could easily go to a much nicer establishment that cares about what they serve to customers.
3	I came here couple of times. The first time we had dinner and the food was ok. I liked the huge martini glass filled desert. The outside seating is more quiet but if you like the party atmosphere, sit inside. The second time I came here with a party tour, it was very entertaining. I liked the decorations on the ceilings and the thong bar stools. I also liked the Senor frog located in Cancun and Bahamas.
3	I came in because I had been to the one in Mexico and had an amazing time, so I was thinking this would be a lot of fun. I ordered a drink at the bar which was really good and started to look around. The bar was crowded...but the tables were crawling with families and kids...wait, what? A place that promotes dancing to get shots, conga lines with tequila stations, and beer chugging contests allows kids? I instantly felt uncomfortable that I was in anyway contributing to these kids experience here (shame on their parents too). The mc was nice, but a little pushy for my taste (he was at my side every second he wasn't doing something on stage). It would've been a lot different if there were no kids there, but this one just really surprised me.
3	Here is the deal. If you want to go with a bunch of friends, drink your face off, fall down, maybe puke. This is the place for you!!! And at $25/ All you can drink! How can you do better?But don't think you will get to sober up with food, they stop serving food around 9PM - BOOO!  I can't write about the food, we never tasted even a tortilla chip. But based on the food reviews, that may have been a blessing in disguise.We went with a bunch of friends, and honestly had a blast! Dancing, big booty contests, pure contained madness. It was fun! Not sure I would run back, but thoroughly enjoyed the night we had here. And then headed over to Tacos El Gordo for food! (the best late night tacos on the strip) Because we were STARVING!
1	Skip this Place as We went there for Dinner and beside having POOR Service the FOOD was AWFUL and Cold to Boot...I've had a Better Meal at Taco Bell !!
1	I wish I would've read the reviews before going last night with my friends. The place looked pretty cool and had an ok vibe, music was pretty good also but the service was HORRIBLE let me repeat my self it was HORRIBLE the waitress rolled her eyes at me when I order my drink. Did not smile once and gave me a really bad attitude. She looked like she didn't want to be there and to top it off my girlfriend came up and order a margarita and she didn't even acknowledge her. I went and told two other staff and they just said ok like they didn't even care. WORST EXPERIENCE EVER AND I COME TO VEGAS ONCE A MONTH. NEVER GOING BACK. HIGHLY UNRECOMMENDED.
4	We started our bachelorette party off at frogs and had a blast! The atmosphere was fun and the staff were all super friendly!
1	This place is great... If you like over-priced drinks, not having a server, and listening to the douchiest karaoke host on the planet (particularly the guy on November 30, 2014).
5	A group of us went to Senor Frogs late on Saturday night.  It's a high energy, friendly place to have drinks and dance.  The bartenders serve up great margaritas and are fast to take your order.  The manager. Francisco, checked in with us three or four times to make sure we were having a good time.  He was so friendly and genuinely concerned about us.  We never felt so welcome (with A+ Personalized Service) in such lively place.  Would recommend it to locals and out-of-town visitors.
1	It would be zero stars if there was an option.   I will ever visit this place again. It was not busy when we arrived but we still had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. That should have been my 1st clue to leave.  When we were finally seated the waitress appeared offering water we were already prepared to place our order from waiting so long.  She took our drinks order and about 15 min later the drinks arrived. My drink came in this Palm tree plastic cup hmm ok whatever it taste good so we placed our food orders and waited and waited about 30 min which would have been fine except when they brought the orders out it was the wrong items. I ordered the BLT wrap which was correct but my husband who is super sensitive with his food had ordered the carnitas plate. They bought him tacos. He is a diabetic and was very hungry and edgy at this point. We did not take the tacos the waitress said he ordered tacos my husband said no I ordered the carnitas plate. We said being the check.   Check arrived and they charged me $24 for my drink WHAT it was from the slush machine I was charged $11.25 for the plastic Palm tree cup I told her I didn't ask for the take home cup and didn't want it. She said you can just leave it then.   By this time I had it wrong food order waiting forever to be treated like this. Never againI will be sure to share my review with others
4	I don't know why this place has a low rating I had a blast! I spent my 21st birthday here. I got there at 12:01 and only planned of spending an hour there at most. The things that changed my mind was the dj he was on point mixing older songs and top hits. The drinks were a little pricy but what do you expect for vegas? I didn't have any food so I can't say anything about that but the drinks were well made and the decor was interesting and cute.  Would definitely go back!
2	They don't use great quality ingredients. The chimichanga was pretty much all rice, and the fish tacos were greasy.
