5	My BF met Duane at a Circle K four years ago.  He saw a 'handyman' truck and struck up conversation.  Duane has since worked on 30 of the 40 units in our complex.  He is our 'go-to guy' for everything... paint, drywall, hanging chandeliers and ceiling fans, reworking electrical, fixing kitchen and bathroom plumbing, and more.  He's more than affordable, extremely professional, and personable as well.  He's fantastic with dogs, and trustworthy enough that we feel 100% comfortable leaving for the day with Duane in our home.If you're looking for a handyman, Duane is your man!
5	I agree with Gabi...100%.  He spent all day here with me one day, completely reinstalling a toilet, so I was shocked at his more-than-fair fee.  His response?  He wanted to ensure that I would continue to be his customer.  He said that many of his customers are divorced or single women who haven't the knowledge or time to compete the odd jobs around the house.As far as I am concerned, Duane walks on water!
5	After waiting for many months to have my garbage disposal appraised for a dislodgement or repair (I didn't want to call on a repairman for just one item), I suddenly needed a plumber to fix a toilet tank that wouldn't stop leaking when the shut-off valve failed do the trick.  I checked on Yelp and Gabi came to my rescue!  Based on Gabi's and Karri's reviews, I did not need another referral to fall back on- if Duane was good enough for Gabi, then he was good enough for me!I called Duane on Monday hoping I could have him visit the house that afternoon, but I'd have been happy if he could see me as early as Thursday.  Duane informed me that while he was fully booked that day, he could see me the following day, which meant I'd have to call out of work.  As much as I hate calling out of work unless I'm really sick, I knew that 1.) a leaking tank needed attention or else my house may necessitate lengthier, and costlier, amendments later on should the leakage cause other problems, and 2.) one should never waste water, especially living out here in the desert!  Not only did Duane attend to all the repairs in 90 minutes the next afternoon, but included in that time, he also assisted in choosing a garbage disposal at a nearby Home Depot to replace the one that wouldn't work anymore, despite his assumption that it was nothing more than a stuck penny or broken glass- this has happened once before.  I should add that I had him look into a second toilet tank that a housemate had complained about.  Where a disreputable repairman could have taken this opportunity to charge me for unneeded repairs, Duane revealed to me his honest and trustworthy nature in telling me that the tank didn't need any repairs done!  He was also more than happy to show me how to do future repairs myself and also offered to walk me through them via phone in the future, should I elect to go that route!  I agree with Gabi and Karri in that his fees are more than fair, and that he is a very amiable and approachable individual.With so many admirable facets, as well as all-around handyman and social skills, Duane is most definately a diamond!
5	I needed to shave the bottoms off some doors after installing new flooring, and I found Duane "Diamond D" on this cool website called Yelp.com. I gave him a call and he came out the next afternoon - he sawed the doors, did a few other things around the house, was very pleasant to speak with, and the price tag came in less than I would have expected. Highly recommended.
5	When you give 5 stars, you'd better mean it - and I do. I trusted the other Yelpers opinions and I'm glad I did, Duane is great. Yelp hasn't let me down yet and Duane won't let you down either.
5	I got Duane's name and business from Yelp and he turned out to be a great guy!  He is professional, courteous and trustworthy, which is worth its weight in gold! Thanks Gabi K, its nice to be able to put a face to the name. I will utilize Duane in the future and I am very comfortable in referring him to my fellow Yelpers!
5	Awesome. Duane is so friendly and explains everything he's going to do. There were no surprises and everything was done right. I had him completely remodel our master bath, the guest bath, and rip off the counter tops in the kitchen. He charged what he estimated it would cost, even though there were a couple of little extra things he ended up having to do. We're having him back to install our laminate flooring in a couple of weeks. I'll never need another handyman!
5	Dec 1st: Duane comes through again....  The hot water tank in one of my rentals went and I had to order a new tank at Lowe's. Duane was kind enough to pick up the tank in Gilbert and take it up to the unit in Scottsdale, install it and finish the deal. He is dependable and straight forward and I confidently refer him to my fellow Yelpers!
5	Hired Duane to complete some work at our house. Both times he visited completed the job without any hassles, was extremely professional, courteous, and his prices were fair. Highly recommended.
5	I found Diamond D through Yelp.com and hired him to install a new bath fan. He was so polite and even EARLY! Can't remember the last time a handyman was so punctual!. He finished the work and was even nice enough to install a towel rack last second. A HUGE plus for me was that he even texts which is super helpful. We will remember him to use in the future!
5	On time, efficient and reasonably priced! He even explained how I could cheaply do a couple of the projects I was going to ask him to do! I will definitely be calling him again the next time I need a handyman.
5	The rest of the reviews on here pretty much say it all: on time, affordable, professional, clean. I would even go so far as to say pleasant to have in your house. How often can you say that you *liked* having a service-person in your home?  Write down the number and save it.
5	I called Dave because my garbage disposal was not working at all. I was willing to pay to have him come out but he suggested I get a larger Alan Wrench and place it through the middle hole on the bottom of the machine. I gave it a quick turn, dislodged whatever was stuck and DONE. No cost but if I do need a handy man, I will call him again. Thank!
5	Duane came out in a very timely manner and fixed some damage that a tenant had left in one of my condos. His prices were reasonable, and I'm planning on using him to complete my honey-do list. My honey is okiay with that. :-)
5	Duane is great!  He came over to give me an estimate and scheduled an appointment a week later to do the work. He was much more affordable than a bigger company and I only had to buy a couple of parts. I would recommend him to anyone! Next time I need a handyman I will call him first.
5	I found Duane here on Yelp and called to have a closet door installed.  He scheduled a day and showed up on time and, although it was a different kind of install than we discussed, he got the work done that day for the price quoted.  Highly recommended.
5	I just called Duane to see if he could come repair my dish disposal. Instead of coming out and charging me for the service, Duane walked me through on how to fix my own disposal. I was successful at fixing it with his help and it made me feel awesome about being able to fix something on my own!I will most definitely being using him again in the future!
1	Hit every one of my pet peeves about contractors:Did not return first call, took two calls,He told me to send email and he would follow upTook two emails and another callHe came out to look at work I needed done, said would send estimate.No callI emailed him again asking about estimate - was told "can't do it, flat on my back" and never heard from him again.If you can't be relied on to return calls and follow up - how can one trust you to be reliable once work has started?
5	Duane is as good as they come. He does excellent work and is honest.  We have used him repeatedly for projects around the house. He is punctual and trustworthy. I can't say enough good things about him. We will continue to use him. He is busy and fills up quick but if you can get him, book him.
4	I used Diamond this past Saturday for a few miscellaneous repairs around my home. Besides being a half hour late, Diamond's services were perfect. The quality of the repairs were high, and the prices were fair. I would recommend Diamond to my friends and family.
5	Absolutely A-mazing!  Duane just had surgery and is still recovering, but I think he's back at it starting this week - lucky me, as I've amassed more than a few unfinished projects in the past few weeks.Honest, hard-working, and extremely helpful with advice.  He'll gladly give a recommendation for how to do something yourself or recommend someone else if a task is outside of his skill level...something which hasn't happened for me yet.
5	Umm is it possible to give MORE than 5 stars!??! My girlfriend believes, Duane is AMAZING, and hands DOWN the best handyman ever. We stumbled upon him and had him come to the house to fix a ceiling fan that had fallen out of the ceiling completely. Yikes... His charge was reasonable for coming by about $40ish and he really goes above and beyond especially with quality and letting you know the facts. This was a house full of girls and often times when they are clueless they try to pull a fast one, NOPE, not Duane. He is honest, and very caring. When he was leaving he noticed the door had a stick to it and brought back something from his vehicle and fixed it for free!Most recently, my girlfriend called him at nearly 9pm to tell him her disposal stopped working. He immediately remembered her as the house with the three dental students and exactly where she lived (even though he had last been there a year ago) and walked her through how to fix it over the phone, for free. This guy really is the epitome of what everyone wants and needs in a handyman! Call him for ANY home issue you may need help with!
5	So I found Duane on yelp, when I needed a handyman for a rental property I own.  He had good ratings and so I reached out.  He picked up the phone (didn't have to leave a vm) and was very friendly.  I explained the issue w/ the broken toilet and he let me know that he would call me back, same day, to see when he would be able to go out there.  Said it would be $75-$100 + parts.  We agreed on that.  He followed through on calling me back and let me know he could come on Monday (this was on a Thu), which was fine for the renter and me.  Sight unseen, but he showed up on time and when I texted him to ask him about it he said the cost was only $40 total.  That was much less than the originally quoted price so I was pleasantly surprised.  He also was able to invoice me so the renter didn't have to pay out of pocket and he let me know he was not able to take a credit card (yet...).  All in all, very good experiene and I would recommend him.
5	Delighted to have found Diamond D (thanks to Yelp reviews). He is absolutely as good as previous customers said he was. I had a difficult gate project (a repair as well as special needs modification) and Duane devised a genius solution. Also completed  bathroom sink and toilet repairs that were much more complicated than originally thought. Duane is so cool about whatever happens and had ultimate patience with my annoying, yappy, excited little dogs. His price was more than fair, even when he had to make a return visit (one repaired part caused another old piece to give out). He's prompt, work sites are left cleaner than before he started, and he's an all around good guy. We have an old house with many projects ahead--Duane is absolutely the only handyman I will ever call!
5	great guy, good prices. ill definitely use him again next time i need some work done!
5	Duane was just at my home in Scottsdale and did a wonderful job.  He put together a Weber Genesis grill I just purchased, as well as hung several large pictures and did some childproofing as well.If you are considering a handyman Duane is on time, professional and very neat.  I will definitely be using him again.
5	This is one of those situations where I almost don't want to tell you how good Duane is for purely selfish reasons....Had a big list of things that needed to be done, faucet installs, minor electrical work, vanity install, painting, and too many other things to list.  Looked on Yelp (as always) to see if I could find a handyman with good reviews and Diamond D Handyman pops up.  Called immediately and asked for an estimate - the incredibly fair and detailed estimate was provided quickly so I booked a few days of his time.WOW, this guy is good.  Professional and reliable, you're not going to see anything half done or sloppy, no gotchas, no cut corners, no worries at all.  I've already started making my after Christmas fix it list and will be calling Duane again.
1	Called Duane & asked for some handyman work to be done & he stated he didn't want to "walk into a hornets nest & fix someone else's screwups." This was after all I asked about was sanding & reprinting peeling paint on bedroom doors. He was extremely unhelpful & acted as if he wasn't interested in even being hired for any handyman job. Do not hire him as he seems very unwilling to actually work.
5	An outstanding experience all around.My husband and I moved to WA and we have some friends who rent our town home in Mesa.  Some repairs had built up and my tenants just didn't get good vibes from the first handyman service I had out for a quote, so I called up Duane.  When I explained the issues going on, he said he'd want to look at them first hand, but they sounded like simple fixes.  Talking to Duane was a pleasure and he followed up with my tenants right away to make an appointment that fit their schedule.And you know what? All the issues were simple fixes.  The other handyman service wanted us to replace a whole ceiling fan unit because the light pull cord was broken (pulling the cord did nothing) though the light and fan still worked.  Duane simply changed out the light pull switch...  And when he pulled the part out to fix it and realized it didn't have the right one with him, he ran over to Ace Hardware so he could finish the job the same day. He also looked at our side gate and tightened up some loose hardware that was becoming problematic.  I think my tenant sums it up nicely: "He was awesome.  Very intelligent.  Seriously, if I ever have anything break any where I live, I hope this guy is around!"
4	Duane was very helpful and extremely pleasant to work with.  I have tons of jobs to do around the house and with my rental as well and I think I have found a handyman I can trust.  FINALLY!!! Duane even fixed a gate door (wasnt on the list of repair needs, but he noticed something was wrong and stepped up to the plate and got it done) and helped me with a question about my salt water cell in my pool (also not on list of repairs that he was called in to do) and never seemed rushed, etc.  Looking to hear back from hiom as far as what he found out about one other electrical issue I had....great service.
2	I got the impression that his success from Yelp got to his head. I felt he was somewhat arrogant. He was busy doing a job when I called and he seemed almost upset by that. When else was I suppose to call...at midnight? He didn't really care to take my number. He said he was booked 6 weeks in advance and asked me to call him back in 6 weeks to see if he has any openings then. He was not friendly on the phone in my opinion. He seemed as if I was burdening him. Obviously, his established clients are going to rave about him and he will bend over backwards for them. But if you haven't used his services, I would probably try someone else who is more eager and wants to please. This is just my opinion.
5	Called Duane based on Yelp reviews, and he was great.  Needed a sink re-attached to a granite bathroom counter after the adhesive failed.  Responded quickly, and showed up exactly when he said he would.  Also took care of a minor A/C fix that was causing a leak.  Reasonable costs for what he assisted me with, and very friendly service as well.  Highly recommend!
5	I have to say, I'm a little shocked by the negative reviews for Duane. Maybe those who had bad experiences just caught him on a bad day? Anyway, onto my review...I contacted Duane after I had just moved into my new apartment. I needed two pairs of drapes to be hung, a ceiling light fixture to be installed, and a headboard mounted on the wall. These are normally things that I would tackle on my own, or have my dad help me with, but seeing as I had just moved 1,000 miles away, dad's help wasn't an option, and I was busy getting settled into my new job. It only took Duane about a week to fit me into his schedule, and although he was late on the day he was scheduled to come (due to circumstances beyond his control), he communicated this to me, and it didn't end up being an issue. When he arrived, he was extremely polite and professional. He did a phenomenal job installing the drapes, light, and headboard, and didn't leave a mess when he was done. I have recommended him to several friends, and will definitely use him again the future.
5	Even though the boss is unable to work right now, he still saved my bacon by giving me an excellent referral for an unexpected plumbing problem. The Cooling and Plumbing Co. took great care of us.Thanks for the referral, Duane. Get well soon.
