5	"It's not about where you've been...it's about where you're at." - Eric B & RakimSaturday night was the 4 year anniversary of "the Shop". if you dont know what the shop is, well the Shop is basicly a pseudo club on the left side of the Hidden House. it is in the now extinct bruno mali restaurant. which from what i've been told went extinct after the shop was having success and the bars owners felt it was a better investment to just close the restaurant and just serve food to the Hidden House Patrons..i think it was a successful gamble.the shop has been under the wing of DJ Al Page who has been hand picking DJ's to play classic Hip-Hop , Underground, Funk, Soul, R&B, Dancehall, Raggae, and Neo Soul.Al Page has managed to keep the party going Friday, Saturday  9pm till close. i hear stuff is usually poppin on Sunday and Monday nights too.. you can expect to hear music from Atmosphere, Beastie Boys, RUN DMC, Pharcyde, Black Sheep, Lifesavas, Lyrics Born, A Tribe Called Quest, De La Soul, Blackalicious, KRS-1, DJ Shadow, Pharoahe Monch, Common, The Roots, Jigmastas, Wu Tang, Dilated Peoples, Jurrasic 5, Aesop Rock, Del the Funky Homosapien, Moka Only, Brother Ali, Hieroglyphics, Brand Numian, Slum Village, Immortal Technique, Quannum Spectrum, Handsome Boy Modeling school, Diverse, RJD2, Eyedea & Abilities, Pigeon John, Black Michael Jackson, Dan the Automater, the Beatnuts, Buck 65, the Procussions, Public Enemy, Cunninlynguists, Outkast, Nextmen, Anti-Pop Consortium, Mos Def, Marvin Gaye, Prince Paul, Erykah Badu, Prince, Al Green, Bob Marley, Afu-Ra, Soul Position, DJ Numark, Portishead, Soul 2 Soul, ODB, Biz Markie, Malcolm Mclaren, Art of Noise, Digable Planets, Just Ice, Afrika Bambata & Soul Sonic Force, Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five, Mantronix, 3rd Bass, Whodini, Biggie Smalls, Jeru the Damaja, Craig Mack, Sugar Hill Gang, Stevie Wonder, Old LL Cool J, Funkadelic, Parliament....and similar shit.cover charge is usually 5 bucks and it's a cash only bar on the Shop side. but seriously its worth it. the drinks are cheap and the beats are sick.i took a break from the shop as a long time regular..but i figured i would come in and check out the 4 year anniversary party and the place was jumping from 9 till close. got smashed drunk on 20 bucks.
4	Girls night was cranked up a notch when we headed to The Shop! The tiny bar that is connected to Hidden House, a great dive bar, could not offer a better place to dance.  If you want to hear a great mix of less commercial hip hop and old school in a small intimate setting The Shop is for you.
4	Happy birthday, Arik!Fun little little bar, a bit cramped in fact, but I like the way the bar itself was laid out in a semi-circle with the bartender in the middle.  She did a pretty good job keeping up, too, given how busy it was the night we were here.  They have a good selection of better beers (Fat Tire was our beverage of choice, along w/ Maker's Mark for the birthday boy) at entirely reasonable prices.  Everyone enjoyed the DJ of the evening.  All told, fun stuff.
5	5 Year Anniversary Party just passed this weekend. Al Page Still Holding it down.there are good places to hear music on a friday and saturday night. but this is seriously a great place. price is more then affordable and the people are great.
4	YES!! this is a fun place! yes, i have been when its dead, but go to the bar, or a party, come back at 12 and shake yo ass. I have had plenty a good night here. cheap drinks, great music, just a good vibe. Trust me, if you like hip hop i don't know why you wouldn't like this place.
2	I can appreciate a dive bar but i had mixed feelings about this place. Even so my mission was to go where the music is....Came on a night one of my fellow 'bay' natives was spinning which was a plus. This place is definitely contrasted by the connected bar. A pool/dive bar/country room (judging by the patrons in it) Seriously?Maybe this review is totally premature...maybe i shall attend another event....i keep reminding myself its about the music....someone from here convince me otherwise.
