4	Don't be intimidated by the line at this place come lunch time on a week day, it moves very quick with the Uptown lunch crowd, Efficient service anytime I've gone here although when they first opened I was in sensory overload with them yelling "Black or pinto beans? Chicken, beef or pork? all at one time. Solid, quick food with reasonable prices and it's always a toss up in between their nachos with the delectable cheese sauce that I sometimes want to sip through a straw and a burrito the size of a youngin. They honor coupons found in the paper and online, which is always a plus. They have an outdoor patio facing Blumenthal Theater which is a nice little escape as opposed to some of the eateries in The Ivy that don't offer a view or any outdoor seating. Nice to have an alternative from Salsarita's Uptown (Oh yeah, Wednesdays are $4 Margarita day) and they have muchos bottles of Cholula and that stuff just rocks.
3	If you are in a lunch or dinner rush and find yourself in Uptown, I would recommend swinging by Qdoba - they have a fairly good variety of your typical burrito/taco selections.  I upgraded my chicken burrito to a combo with nachos and mild salsa - they honestly barely give you enough salsa to finish the nachos....so that was about the biggest complaint I had.  The service was pretty decent, very fast - a pretty decent 'fast food' option in uptown in you find yourself in a pinch for time.
2	This Qdoba location is better than most, but it's still Qdoba - it's average.  I enjoy the taco Tuesday deal ($2 tacos), but you have to eat it in the store and can't take it to-go... which I don't understand.  This leads to more drink refills, more staffing, more cleaning... why not deliver the special and let people leave and get out the way?  I don't know, its just a great idea with bad execution i suppose.  Like I said... this place is the definition of average.  Despite it being average, the food here tastes fresh, but its a little over seasoned and everything is so watery.  The tacos drip, the burrito drips, the salsa is watery..... lots of water.  Mexico would be jealous.
4	One of the better Qdoba locations in Charlotte. I still prefer Chipotle, but I mix it up occasionally. Glad to see they have brown rice now. I enjoy the tomatillo salsa.
4	Very impressed,enjoyed my food here the Chicken burrito was really good and the prices are reasonable.Will be back here again in the future for sure!This was my first time eating at Qdoba and I thoroughly enjoyed it very tasty food in a nice open surrounding! Thanks
4	Two for one Valentines special if you give your gal a kiss! Love it! Great burrito, great service!
1	Enough with the nit-picky over-charging nonsense! While I really enjoy the food, it is so annoying to have them scrimp on each ingredient, charge for double if you ask for extra, or $1 up charge for a lot of components. I would rather be charged a higher base price and then get whatever toppings I want. I've known this about Qdoba, which is why I took a three year hiatus. But I had to learn the hard way again today. On the plus side, the tortilla soup is great. I got the gumbo, which comes with rice and beans. I only wanted a small spoon of rice and no beans but I asked for extra broth when I saw that the bowl was only 1/2 full. You would've thought I asked for something unreasonable. The guy did deign to give me a half spoonful more, which still left my bowl half empty. Don't think about adding fajita vegetables or add another $1. Guacamole...$1. Queso...$1. Pretty soon, you'll have a $10 half full bowl of soup. I'm officially done with Qdoba. Moe's and Johnny Burrito are just as good or better and they charge one base price for their items with whatever toppings you want.
3	Taco was good. I just had the beef with guac. They charged $1 for the guac! Margarita was frozen goodness. Typical chain but good. It is inside an old downtown building and has cool colors.  Very clean as well with attentive staff. They collected my trash!  The atmosphere was all business lunch but I had a relaxing time with my taco and drink.  Go for lunch, you will not be disappointed.
5	Love this place.always fresh and fast, except on taco Tuesdays. If I had one issue, it would be that they need another drink machine
4	I have been working a contract in center Charlotte for a couple months now and don't often pack a lunch. There are a lot of options in center city, however about one to three times a week I eat here.Not only are they the tastiest of all of the burrito assembly line joints. They are consistently clean, which matters a lot to me. I have yet to see random meat chunks fallen into beans or cheese all up in the quac.Also, the habanero salsa is awesome.
1	I got food poisoning from eating here. Ended up puking in another restaurant because of them.
4	I'm surprised that I haven't reviewed this place.  Wish there was something cool to say about this place, but it's a pretty standard Qdoba.  This is usually my go-to on the weekends when I'm putting in some hours at the office on the weekend.  It's conveniently close to the 5/3rd building, and it's open on the weekends.  There' a bevy of add-on offerings that they let customers get like queso, guacamole, etc.  It costs a little extra for these add-on offerings, which is usually not worth it... unless you're on a hot date.  I mean, you gotta splurge and show her you money to burn.  QUESO TO THE MAX.  I MAKE IT RAIN IN QDOBA.hmm, so yeah, Qdoba.dmo out
4	The food is always fresh and the staff is always nice. Have done several catering events with them. They are very prompt and in time.Taco Tuesday is very packed so get there before 12.
