5	Clean store with friendly sales people.
4	This Hallmark is one of the larger stores in town and I believe one of the few that offers the Fresh Ink card line year around. The Fresh Ink line offers quirky cards which you either think are funny or you don't-there's not really any in between. I think they're hilarious and they offer a lot of good "just because" cards, so when you're just thinking about someone on a day that's not Christmas or their birthday, you can send them one of these.The store was very organized and the employees helpful and friendly. When I asked about the Fresh Ink cards, the employee who helped me was energetic and conversational in a non-awkward way. Hallmark usually has genuinely friendly employees thought and that's a nice consistency that you like to see in a store. Some of the cards can be ridiculously expensive ($4? really?), but they have a pretty good selection of 99 cent cards and quite a few that are under $3. They put special signage over those so they're easy to find for cheapskates like myself. This is your standard Hallmark and by general store standards, they sit high above the rest when it comes to customer service. Four stars from me!
5	Nothing compares to a Hallmark store for card selection and miscellaneous cute, quirky items that you won't find elsewhere.  Friendly store associates, clean and organized and coupons can generally be found on their website.  If you're a Gold Crown member you will receive them in the mail.  Bonus for this location is it's in a corner of a strip mall so easy to get in and out.
3	Not too many card stores around anymore but thankfully this one is still around. I feel like they have decreased the amount of cards they sell replacing it with gift items and decor. Which is okay but the cards  and sometimes the Christmas ornaments are the only reason I seek out Hallmark. I use to be able to find "from the dog" cards here but I couldn't find any.  I may have to start buying my cards in Target or Walmart. The staff is always friendly and store is clean.
4	I love Hallmark....I've been going to Hallmark ever since I was old enough to get a card and could read. Sure they can be a bit pricey and they lure you back in with coupons like $5 off $15 or buy 3 cards get one free etc but when you have a big family like I do its definitely worth it. As another fellow yelper has said they seem to have a lot more knick knacks around. It's good though when you have to buy something for a girlfriend or for a friend who's more on the religious side etc. I don't really see too many items for men/boys though but it works out because I get suckered into buying whatever cool trinkets/gifts they have. They also have some cool wrapping paper...I know who wraps things anymore when there are gift bags? Well I do...when I have the time. If not there are cute bags that go with any occasion. Yep I'm addicted to Hallmark and hopefully this one stays around for a long while because my original Hallmark closed.
4	With all the E-cards, emails, Et cetera - I worry about the dying art of finding the perfect greeting card for a specific occasion or sentiment. When my older sister went to college many moons ago, my mother would take to the mall and I would scour the aisles of the Hallmark store to find a card that expressed how much I missed her. My then boyfriend now husband and I would exchange "I love you" cards every so often just because we were cheesy like that. With today's technology, I sigh every year I get an effortless email, tweet, or facebook posting that wishes me a happy birthday, or congratulations....  I miss cards for hallmark moments.Pardon my digression. I love Hallmark stores! This one in particular is quite large, and gets a fair amount of traffic. Everyone at the store is very helpful, and when its the busy season, the store is always well-staffed.There are specific cards for almost every occasion you would never think of.. Loss of Pet, Thank you cards for Teachers & Coaches, New Home (even new apartment!), Congrats on your Promotion, Get Well from your accident or hospital stay, and my favorite : Just for Fun cards. Plus they have cards in different languages.Besides cards, they have a potpourri of gift items like Yankee Candles, picture frames, gift bags & wrapping paper, candy, books, fun toys, and seasonal items.Their loyalty card is a big saver. I would strongly recommend signing up because the extra coupons and savings really rack up.So in summary, I think everyone would benefit for the going the extra mile for their certain someones... and a hallmark card from this hallmark store is a nice touch.
4	While I live in Vegas Kansas City is my hometown, and Hallmark is a KC business I love to support. Amy's Hallmark makes it even easier for me to show my support of those KC artists who design the cards by offering me a great selection from the basic $.99 cent cards all the way up to the premium stuff in the $9 or higher range. If you walk in and you're not sure of where to start just ask one of the staff for help if they don't find you first. Sure I could drive across the parking lot to that Supercenter and buy a card for half the price...but I don't. I'll gladly pay a few extra bucks again to support those artists back home, and support a company that for some of us is still the one to turn to when you care enough to send the very best. Some may say cards are old fashioned especially when one can say Happy Birthday on Facebook in 10 seconds or less. But a card can show creativity and thought that electronic greetings struggle to do. And there's still nothing quite like seeing someone you love holding on to a piece of art that hits an emotional grand slam and makes them smile from ear to ear. Amy's Hallmark has a deep enough selection that it may take you a few minutes to find the perfect card, but the odds of you leaving empty handed are slim.
5	Went here to find a 1yr anniversary gift for my brother in law & his wife. We had no idea what we wanted all we knew was we needed paper or a clock. We walked in & the 2 ladies working were amazing!!! I wish I could remember their names!!! But they helped us find a lovely book, picked out beautiful gift wrapping & WRAPPED IT FREE OF CHARGE!!! Wasn't too expensive either. The customer service here is priceless!!!! Kudos to this Hallmark store for having such great customer service.  I will be going back!!!
4	I'm a big fan of Hallmark. I love their greeting cards and some of their miscellaneous gifts. This is my go-to store based on location, but it's also been all good experiences.I love Hallmark's Crown Rewards program. You receive 5 bonus points for every card you purchase plus 100 bonus points for every 3 cards. I receive several coupons throughout the year and I'm constantly accumulating reward dollars to go toward my purchases. Also, there's almost always a coupon printed out with your purchase receipt for your next visit. Depending on the amount of cards and money you spend, you can move up tiers and receive more/better rewards (Basic, Silver, Gold, and Platinum).Silver: Spend $100-199.99 or buy 20-29 cards. You receive 10 bonus points for every card you buy and 1 Silver Shopping Rewards Coupon.Gold: Spend $200-299.99 or buy 30-39 cards. You receive 15 bonus points for every card you buy and 2 Silver Shopping Rewards Coupon.Platinum: Spend $300+ or buy 50+ cards. You receive 20 bonus points for every card you buy and 3 Silver Shopping Rewards Coupon.Their greeting cards are wonderful and there's such a large selection and such a variety that there's no way you don't find something you love. Recently, they've added much nicer and fancier cards like the Hallmark Collection (very similar to Papyrus' greeting cards) and I absolutely adore the Sarah Jessica Parker for Hallmark Collection! I'm usually here for an hour because there are SO many great choices! I also usually stock up in 2-3 trips so I can get my bonus points. Also, don't forget your Gold Crown envelope seals! These are so great; I always use them!I don't normally purchase gifts from Hallmark, but I really like their Disney, Precious Moments, Wizard of Oz, and Star Wars collections. There are sculptures, figurines, plaques, photo frames, mugs, home decorations, etc. I've purchased a couple of these items and love them.Last year, Hallmark introduced itty bittys, tiny plushes of well-known characters from Disney, Marvel, Wizard of Oz, Star Wars, and more. They're adorable! We have all the Wizard of Oz and Star Wars characters and they're a great addiction to our collectibles.The store also sells Vera Bradley, Yankee Candle Co., and a lot of popular characters and products (Angry Birds, Winnie the Pooh). Also, there's ALWAYS seasonal products displayed early so you can shop early. So, if you're in need of greeting cards and/or gifts, this is the only stop you need to make!
5	Nice selection of cards and chotchkees. They have a lot of nice gifts here. A bit pricey but still nice stuff
