3	I usually take my car to the Wal-Mart Tire and Lube center, but I was in this neighborhood and thought I'd give it a try. The technicians were prompt and efficient, taking my information as soon as I pulled in. They promised a 15 minute turnaround and were pretty darned close. After I paid for it (a little more expensive than Wal-Mart at $30), I noticed that they did a great job vacuuming out the crap from the floors. Good work, I would return.
4	A basic oil change is a basic oil change. The dealerships are not going to do a better job than me changing it myself.............But I'm lazy and I like convenience.After completing paperwork, I was out of here in 20 minutes, tops. My filthy carpets were vacuumed and they didn't try to sell me any unncessary maintenance such as a transmission or radiator fluid flush like other places would. An extra $10 for tire rotations though - not so hot. But thats not why I come here. When I have the time, the best part about Speedee is that its located right next to gamestop. =)
1	I only needed an oil change. Service techs used scare tactics to pressure & oversell me service I didn't need. They will show you pictures of a dirty engine and warn you that you will breakdown if you ignore their recommendation. They were pressuring me to have a transmission flush and fill, although I showed them a receipt of that service being completed by Firestone a year before (10k miles prior). They recommended that I have the power steering flush/fill which isn't required by the manufacturer. They were going to charge me $20 for an oil filter they didn't have in stock. I went to PepBoys and bought the filter I needed for $6. Also an incompetent tech forgot to place the transmission dipstick back into my vehicle. They made no apologies.
1	I went to the Speedee on Pineville-Matthews Rd. many times for oil changes over a four year period. Nothing special...an oil change and possibly tires rotated. I am perfectly capable of doing this myself, but chose to go there because it's my choice. Most of the visits went OK, but after they stripped a wheel stud and they tried to get me to change every fluid and every thing else just as my vehicle turned over 100k miles...I am done. The employees at that Speedee need to realize you need to judge who your customer is and not take everyone as an idiot. Maybe your customer has more mechanical knowledge than you.They are quick in what they do, but be advised they'll try to sell you on everything.
1	I would give a zero star if given the chance. These guys are scums.  Try to sell me intake clean and other useless crap.  They also tried to add 30 for labor on a basic oil change. AVOID at all cost
1	I took my car in for an oil change and afterwards they told me I needed a tune up and a cv axle replacement. I got the cv axle myself (which they quoted me 159.99 but I got it at Advance Auto for $70) and brought it in the next week. (11/12/2011) They then told me I needed the OTHER cv axle replaced and the total cost for my tune-up would be about $380 just for labor and around $400 just for parts. I was able to go online and buy all the parts for $120 and found out the job actually only takes about an hour vs the 4 hours they told me. SCAMMERS AND LIARS! They should be ashamed of themselves.They also said that they'd install my air filter (which takes 5 minutes) and when I got in the car the air filter was sitting there unopened in its box.
1	I took my 2000 Ford Explorer V8 in for a cooling system flush. They in turn ended up telling me I needed $1000 worth of work: a new water pump (which was fine) and told me my cylinders were probably cracked (which were fine) and I needed a tune-up (I didn't).  They told me my Spark Plugs were rusted. (They showed me a spark plug that was white and orange)...Mine were actually white and silver!! They switched what they were showing me!! This place is a huge sham! They lie to get unsuspecting customers to spend their money on any and everything they DON'T NEED!! DO NOT TAKE YOUR VEHICLE HERE!!  I had just bought my car and the gentleman I bought it from is amazing, he fixes my car for free, I just buy the parts. And Cole...the owner's son told me NEVER to go back to the gentleman who fixes my car, that he is scamming me. What a liar! I cannot tell you how bad this place is...this shop makes you weary of all mechanics!! Bad Bad Bad!!!
5	I have been getting my oil changed here for the past couple years and needed their phone number today to ask about their price for brake changes. So obviously I turned to yelp. As soon as I pulled up Speedee's page I was astonished! 1 1/2 stars?? I read through some of the reviews and it seems like the reviewer usually gives a low rating based on the price of parts. Just so you know, these guys have no problem with diagnosing your problem and letting you go out and getting your own cheaper priced parts.Aside from these other reviews, every time I come in to get a service done, they go out of their way to show me exactly why they are diagnosing a problem and are not one bit pushy about needing to do it "right away" or pressuring you into doing something that you don't want to do. There really are good technicians that work here just don't be scared to try them based on the few low reviews.
4	I've been coming here for nearly two years now. They are fast and friendly. It's gotta have one of the best views in town...
1	Misrepresented their prices.  The sign said new oil filter was included then they charged $9 extra because my Jeep was a "premium" oil filter.  The "manager" said he would hold my keys from me until I paid in full.  I told him I was feeling taken advantage of and he said that was unfair.  Do not go here.  Drive to the Jiffy Lube.  This place took advantage of me and they knew it.
