4	Great place if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg for a hotel room.These are cute for couples and pretty spacey for a couple of friends. They're pretty much small apartments with room, bathroom and small kitchen with a stove and fridge. I haven't gotten a room where the bed and bathroom is dirty and nasty, everything is very decent and for the low price of about $55 a night, this is an incredible bargain.There's enough parking so that you can park next to your room, of course you have to keep a parking permit on your dashboard so your car doesn't get towed.The staff is very friendly as well. I've never bothered to check out the lobby or the pool, mainly because I rather spend my time in Vegas at the casinos/bars. I suggest this place for those who go to Vegas on a last minute trip or just want to spend little on a decent comfortable room. And it's minutes away from the strip!
4	Really liked it here. It was nice to stay at a place with a reasonable price and small kitchen. The maids only come once a week, so if you're a messy person you should stay away.
4	Great place for Vegas on a budget (more $$$ to party with)A long block off the strip and a place to crash. Cuz nobody sleeps in VEGAS. Love that they have a living room and kitchen to get the pre-party going. Found this place for $55/night for New Years compared to low end strip hotel/casinos for $300/night.I have stayed here 3-4 times, ALWAYS return beacuse I find good deals.THANKS!
1	This was the worst experience I have ever had with a hotel, by far.  First of all, the address seems very convenient since it is very close to the Strip, but let me tell you this, you WILL get lost looking for it because Desert Inn Rd does NOT connect to the Strip or even I-15!  You have to maneuver through heavily trafficked pedestrian streets and side roads, and be equipped with Google maps and GPS to eventually find this place.  When I finally did I was notified check in is not until 4pm, which is very late! When I came back at 5:45pm, there were three people working the desk and a line out the door for people checking out!  It literally was almost an hour wait to check in to the hotel!! People were complaining, cutting the line, and fighting, while the staff slowly processed each person inefficiently.  Then they tell you there's a $14 resort fee never mentioned anywhere else, and a $50 deposit.  This is completely ridiculous as Blair House Suites is the farthest thing away from a resort possible.  It is even lower quality than a Motel 6 and they don't even charge resort fees.Finally, the rooms smell weird, the beds are hard as a rock, and very small might I add.  The bathroom is cramped, and the TV looks like it is from the 80s.  The fridge is not cold, the stairs are poorly maintained, and it looks terrible.  Finally, the rooms are "environmentally friendly", meaning every time you leave your room the A/C turns off so you can return to your room in 100+ degree temperatures in the summer.  I highly recommend getting a bargain hotel elsewhere.  It is not worth the savings.
1	This was by far the worse stay in Vegas i have ever had. First they have all these hidden charges that were never mentioned before i got there. After that when we finally get to the room it smelled like shit. My GF couldn't even breath in. once we seen the TV we couldn't believe Tv's from the 60's still worked. At that point i decided to "upgrade" to the "deluxe" room and was quickly disappointed in that. It smelled just as bad. Although instead of having a TV from the 60's it was not from the 70's. So that was the biggest upgrade. It was late we could not find another room so we just stayed. The next day as we were getting ready we seen spiders crawling up the living room walls. When we got back from walking the strip at 6pm out bed was NOT made and they did not bring any towels. The whole stay was just so annoying. BUT it did NOT stop there. as we were checking out i had extra charges but was told it was a "hold" and i would get the money back with in a couple of days. A week went by and my account turned out to be over drawn by $284.76. These bastards charged my account three times $94.92 for no fucken reason.!!!! i called everyday for a week straight and all they did was give me the run around. The so called "manager" Mary was never at work or "just left". Lets just say that i stood there on 8/12-8/14 and i am still dealing with this shit. Forget the price its NOT worth it. DONT STAY HERE CAUSE ALL THE "SAVING" YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING BY STAYING HERE WILL BITE YOU IN THE ASS!! WORSE PLACE EVER!!
1	if i can give this place a -0 i would!i am in vegas with my girlfriends living it uip for the mayweather/cotto fight, now mind you its packed and all rooms are either booked or wayyyy too much, so i go onto priceline and i book a room here at blair house... big efffing mistake...!when i first got there we had to immediately move rooms because the bathroom was broken... yes i said broken and the lady told me these were "newly remodled "suites"" all i can say is b.s. lady! i have never seen a newly remodled room look so cheap and dirty and not only was the decore horrendous but the 2 queen beds are in a small cramped room 1/2 a foot away and practically touching!strike 1...when we get to the other room things were fine. we checked out the next day and head back to california... no biggie right... wrong my visa card was not only charged $200 but i was charged because they said we had left a burn mark on the carpet.... wtf... its well over 90 degrees and we are all in tight mini dresses... who needs an iron?strike 2....now this took the cake, i called to ask why was i charged and the woman told me that "we" did this burn mark... gtfoh.... i told her that we never ever touched a iron and that it was obviously over looked by staff when we was put in that room! but no she hung up on me so now when asked to speak with the manager. now i am out $200 until my cc company investigates this matter!strike 3... your out!i urge anyone with sense to take your business elsewhere becuase they will pin false accusations on you and take your money.. by the way did i mention i left lv 5/6 and my $$$ was taken 5/10... how is that possible? i am upset and will never ever ever come to this hotel nor will any of my company, friends nor family contribute to a disrespectful and foul establishment
2	I've stayed here twice and had "meh" experiences both times. Both were for the weekend of EDC Las Vegas, so late June last year and early June this year. Last year were were in 124 and this year was 227.Last year it was way too expensive for the room, about $120 a night. This year I got a deal that was $150 for 3 nights since I booked back in like, January.The rooms are a "living room" which varies greatly in size. Last year it was decent sized but this year it was tiny and had two chairs instead of a sofa. The bedrooms are tiny and barely fit the king or two double beds, but for the purposes of EDC, it suited our needs.The kitchen has a fridge, stove, and coffeemaker, which was nice to make ramen and store drinks and snacks. The bathroom last year was huge and this time was small, but the shower got hot and everything was functional. I also like having the walk-in closet (again, GIGANTIC last year and smaller this year) so that multiple people can be getting dressed at the same time.The reception isn't the most polite but they get you checked in. They allow for early check in at a flat rate of $10 and when check in isn't until 4 and you get there at 2 and need to get costumed-up, I'm down with that. You have to have a permit to park in the lot, but they're free and equal to the number of beds in your room.Last year everything was great. This year, not so much.On Sunday night, the screen was removed from our living room window (never found, btw) and someone stole my laptop and charger, along with some other things and them going through my clothes (creepy). When we got back at 3am, I went to the front desk who had me call 311 (he kept calling 411 and refused my suggestion that that was information and not police) and they had me fill out an accident report.They don't have cameras and didn't take any responsibility for it, nor did I get any sympathy. I was made to feel like I was being a burden on this guy during the middle of the night (I used to work graveyard at a hotel and I'm guessing he was watching movies or something).This place is a moneysaver, easy to keep things private (if you know what I mean, EDC goers), and you avoid the strip traffic, but you can't guarantee you won't get robbed.Oh, and a note on wi-fi: first device is free, then it's $10.And make sure they don't know if you have more than 2 people or they charge you $10 a person more. They like $10.
4	In a bind to go to CES and couldn't believe I could find a hotel this close to convention center that didn't bankrupt me. Great location and found I didn't even have to drive anywhere. Nice friendly place and cool bar/small restaurant inside it. Looked like they were building something in the courtyard I will have to check out next time I am there.  Coming back in a few months.
2	So, what exactly are you looking for?  If you just need an inexpensive room to keep your stuff in and sleep for a while, but you don't want to be in a scary, smelly, nasty place... then this place will totally do.We were pleasantly surprised how close it was to the strip.  (I read the review that said how hard it was to find.  I don't understand.  If you know how to use Yelp, you can also use Google maps.  Found it that way with no problems)  They had happy hour for 1 hour and karaoke on saturdays.  We didn't take advantage of any of this, but it was very cute.Check in is very late (at 4) but we didn't care.  We checked in at 2 just to do the paperwork and they gave us a key early.  Normally it would have been $10 to get in early...Our room had 2 double beds.  We had 4 people so we had to pay $10 for an extra person.  All together, it was $85 for a saturday night.  Best price I could find near the strip.The beds were about 6 inches apart.  The lock on the bathroom door didn't work.  Neither were problems for us.  I was told that this was one of their old rooms and that if we come again, we can get an upgrade to a newer room with a coupon they gave us.  It's supposed to be better but I don't know in what ways...THE ONLY PROBLEM was that in the "cute" kitchen (you know that means small), there was a refrigerator, stove, microwave, cabinets, sink... BUT NO POTS, PANS, PLATES, CUPS, GLASSES, FORKS, SPOONS OR KNIVES.  There was NEVER any information telling us that we needed to supply this.  SO, if you're getting a room with a kitchen to save money and cook some of your meals, this will completely defeat that plan.  We were disappointed and I wish someone had alerted us to this.So now, consider yourself alerted!
1	Low budget lodging with even lower customer service. Acting manager on the dates 8/21 and 8/23 was verbally abusive to us with every encounter. From her outrageous attitude when answering simple questions to her kicking us out a full day early! We were helping scout this location for a large festival and needless to say we will be taking that business elsewhere. BBB will be contacted and there needs to be a complete staff rehire and training. We will be taking our big business elsewhere.
4	Just remodeled hotel, can't beat the price! brand new bar and grill serves the best pizza and chicken strips.....so good! Rooms were good size, new flat screen tvs. Pool area was cool, I heard some staff talking about having a pool party and hiring a DJ. I hope they do! I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants good value for a good hotel.
4	I liked this place. Granted in the beginning we were alittle worried because alot of people were complaining about their doors not opening with the keys they were given and our room wasn't ready at 4.30 in the afternoon but their customer service was on point. They told us sorry and here is a buy one get one free drink for the bar. For 4 very tired travelers on a trip to vegas to party this was awesome. On top of that, they let us do buy one pitcher get one pitcher free. Awesome. I'm sure for families those free drinks won't help much but  it bought me over. Plus the rooms were huge with two TV's, living room and separate bedroom. Me like alot. We were worried they might be sketchy. Nope not at all. Very happy overall.
4	My main suggestion is this: if your room is dingy, go get a different room. They've been doing remodeling and some of the rooms are way nicer than others. I certainly enjoyed my room up at the top overlooking the pool.  It was a 1 bedroom with a great layout. so yeah, I am a fan. I can understand the current 3 star rating across the boards, but I can only imagine that most of those people rating this hotel are comparing it to the Wynn or Encore or other Full service resorts that are all nearby. For what it is, this place is great. Its inexpensive without drawing the riff raff, its amazingly close to the strip, and it has a pool and Jacuzzi.
5	Stayed there for both Shot Show and CES this year. Great location and within walking distance to both convention center shows. Happy Ross Store was close when I forgot something I needed. Love being in Hotel in Vegas I can easily get something out of my car without having to hike three miles. Hotel added a nice outdoor patio this year and I was nicely greeted at the Bar with some special drink I can't remember. Room was nice and clean and staff was very friendly. Hope to come back next year to my favorite little hotel close to everything.
2	Checked in. Walked into room. Walked right back out. Checked out. The room itself isn't bad. Had all of the amenities as a standard 2 or 3 star hotel. Even has a fridge and stove in the kitchen so it had a nice homely feel. My gripe with this place is that I felt unsafe and the type of people it attracts. As a solo traveler I've stayed in everything from hostels to 5 star hotels. The room that was given to me was in a dark corner in the back on the first floor. Maybe I watch too much CSI. Maybe I'm biased because I used to live in Vegas and know the amount of crime that actually happens yet goes unreported. Either way it SCREAMED crime of opportunity. And of course I couldn't switch rooms. Wouldn't be too bad if staying with a large group and you just needed a place to crash. But for solo travelers and couples my advice would be to spend the extra $ to stay at a larger hotel on the east side of the strip. I'm not saying crime can't happen anywhere, but don't just put yourself inside of the palm of the opportunist. No.
1	Moved to Vegas last minute needed a place to stay so I rented out a room for a month which I was unable to view prior to renting which is ridiculous! I suuuure do wish I was able to the room was an "upgraded" room..not to impressed only thing "upgraded" are the little flat screen tvs...big deal! Carpet was SOOO dirty! When I say dirty I mean DIRTY! I couldn't even walk without shoes/socks in my own room! The bottom of my feet literally were as black on the bottom as if I walked outside on the road barefoot (not exaggerating!) when I called the front desk they said someone would be out in 2 weeks to clean (never came) my fully furnished unit isn't so furnished you have to rent everything you need for the kitchen! And how can I forget the urine stain on the comforter! How wonderful.. $1300 a month for this trash ! NO never again I left after 3 weeks didn't even stay the whole month
2	As a person who consults hotel owners on how to better serve customers and become more profitable, I'd like to think I have a little keener eye when it comes to the level of service I receive.. Immediately I noticed that the staff was short tempered, and SELECTIVELY rude. Seemed as if you were bothering them with the simplest of requests. The ONLY check in time allowed without having to pay extra is 4pm, so the lobby was packed.  You would think that they would open up that time; if anything to take the pressure off the staff, but I'm sure there's some financial reason for it, so we as customers are stuck waiting in long lines (30-45 mins) to check in. It felt like the staff is "family" at the Blair so they're able to sort of get away with providing sub-par service.  They will start a conversation in a pleasant tone, but as soon as a request is made that may put them in a position of doing something slightly outside of their normal duties of checking in and checking out, an attitude appears. Our room was crowded with OLD, worn wooden furniture.  It's bulky and jumps out at you when you walk through the door. There's a kitchen there, but you won't have pots and pans, nor are they available upon request.  You have to bring them yourself. Not very ideal when flying in. Overall, the next time we're in Vegas we will pass on this hotel.  It is of course Las Vegas and there are way too many other hotels within this price range to choose from. You would think that the owners of the Blair would have realized that by now.
1	As a business traveler I have never been so ill treated by a hotel and its management. Lies, Attitude and tatty tatty furnishings. Couch with cushion ripped and stuffing showing. Replacement couch promised twice, ANOTHER LIE. Furnishings look like flea market left overs. BED BUGS are present and my wife has welts and itching from dirty room. DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOURSELF or your safety. NOT A PLEASANT EXPERIENCE. Chelsea GM promises but does not deliver.
2	This place is a scary part down town. I really didnt think it was going to be like this. Thank god the bedroom was clean I still pulled everything off the bed that looks ikkie. I really though I research this place but I was wrong. One night is all I can stand. I'm so sorry I really wanted to like this place the suite was nice size but the living room look dirty. A Plus the kitchen, bedroom, closet, and bathroom was nice. Good luck with your stay.
2	First of all I would like to say that I have stayed  at ther Blair House Suites several times.  I even had my whole wedding party stay there when I got married in 2000.  But this last weekend has assured me that I will never stay there again.  I had to check out early due to a family emergency and when I called the third party that I booked my room thru, they advised me that The Blair House Suites would not approve my refund for one day.  I called and spoke to Chelsea  the Manager and she was not nice at all.  She was very rude and unprofessional.  I was told that I should have called right when I checked out.  Well seeing that I had a family emergency my first thought was not to call about my refund so I called first thing Monday Morning.  I will take this as a lost but will NEVER stay at The Blair House Suites again.  CHELSEA is a horrible Manager and needs to go back to school and learn manners.
1	Dang this place was just over all grossTo bad it was the place we chose Air conditioner didn't keep it cooland they had a nasty broken poolMan when the fridge broke i lost my meatit sucked so bad i was just a man who felt defeatThe ladies all got a weird rash Never again will they get my cashThe bar was the only ok partAnd the food was passable so that's a start
1	Honestly I had no problem with the rooms, and I even had a situation involving a pair of dirty panties which had been in the Shower Curtain so long they actually stained the curtain. However the customer service was absolutely horrid. Specifically in relation to the Manager named Chelsea.After the panty situation I was given an "Upgraded" room which had more square footage but did not have a Computer Desk, a Couch, or the Full Kitchen that the first room had. I was also promised my "Facility Fee's" would be waived with that exact wording.... To me that implies a full wave, not a partial. In the end I was waived 2 out of 7 days and when I brought this up I was told the room value of the new suite was too much to wave them in full.I went from this http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blair-house-suites-las-vegas?select=SlOOZnO52rHdPO2CSxlsSg#5a1cJDmOeq7yhQFTgyaXygTo This http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blair-house-suites-las-vegas?select=SlOOZnO52rHdPO2CSxlsSg#8AxTdG9tnrofzT_pKI6JWAIn addition, while I was moving to the new suite, the cleaning crew came into my old room, leaving the door wide open and all of my camera and laptop equipment visible to the public... and they started actively cleaning the bathroom before I could fully vacate. To make matters worse, they were dripping cleaning solutions and scrubbing powder all over my toiletries on the sink. I was not angry at all about the Panties, but I was furious over this, and when I asked them to leave until I finished moving they didn't understand me due to the "English Barrier" So I called the front desk and they even called the cleaning ladies multiple times for them to leave. I could hear every bit of this over their walkie talkies but they still didn't leave till the panty stain was addressed. I brought my Hairbrush and Toothbrush to the front desk and asked them to replace it. "I am sorry sir, the value of your upgraded room is more than $350 and we are unable to replace your damaged items." Are you kidding me?To cap off the story, after I saw I was charged Facility Fees after being told they would be waived, I finally called back today since the Manager was not there during check out... And was told the 2 days waived was more than adequate for the damaged toothbrush and hairbrush as if that was the reason the fees were being waived in the first place.To be clear, I WAS OFFERED THE WAIVER BEFORE the damage happened, and at the exact same time as I was upgraded to the new room...I asked to contact her superior and she refused to give me any contact information, and would only do me the courtesy of forwarding an email I send direct to her. I said fine, give him my number and have him contact me directly, and she said she would but it was unlikely I would ever hear from him since she is supposed to be top of the ladder...FFS...Don't get me wrong, the Toothbrush and Hairbrush only cost me $10 to replace, but another $100 in time to replace it since I was late to work at the LVCC and had to detour to the Walgreens to get the items I needed to be presentable. I chose Blair House due to proximity to the LVCC, so I did not rent a car, and since it is on a one way road, even a cab ride wouldn't have helped with the time delay.For the record, Melina was very nice but held no power to help me... Chelsea may single handedly be the reason I never book the Blair House again... I sincerely hope you never have a situation that requires you to deal with this woman.
2	Why didn't I check yelp? Terrible service. Poor security. Vehicle got broken into during my last day at their lot and manager on duty couldn't be bothered. She kept asking if we were still leaving that day.I'm giving 2 stars since the rooms themselves are decent and clean.If you want a cheap place to stay and not concerned about security, this is a good place to go.
1	First of all when I check in she asked me if I'm the one that owned a dog and when I replied  yes she said I can't even let you on the premises cause this is not a pet friendly place AT ALL .. Yet on the front page of there website it says pet friendly..this was the manager telling me this ... She had the gal to tell me that it's not  even offered on the website... Someone is out of touch with there own company policy.. I called for reservations and they are the one that told me it would be a $25.00  a night extra for the dog...don't waste your time coming to this place...
3	ok so me and my friend stayed here this past memorial day weekend, and well we read the reviews and we were ready for some problems, and a dirty room, etc. but it wasnt too bad, i mean we got what we paid for. We paid 218.00 for the enitre 3days we were there. The room was like transported from the 80's and the tv was from 1991, but as far as the room being dirty it wasnt really dirty but there was like permanent dirt in the tub. Oh and it also smelled like old stale ass when we first walked in, but i mean we got what we paid for. In comparison to the other hotels we stayed in it would have been a negative 10 stars. It wasnt horrible, but it wasnt nice either. I know some of the rooms are remodeled but ours definately wasnt.
1	The very first second I walk in, the staff in the front desk staff didn't even bother to look at us and gave us a very mundane welcoming. I personally don't think it's too much to ask to be pleasant and inviting when you walk in after booking a 3 night stay. They were unprofessional and inefficient. Making the check in process slower than it should be. After a long trip, the last thing you want is the staff wondering around aimlessly looking for forms. How ridiculous to make a simple task look so difficult. But it doesn't end there... We find our room, which I wish we never did. The room was absolutely disgusting. It looked like it had been abandoned and unkept. The bath tub was filthy. Well everything was. Even the remote. It had dust and CHUNKS OF FOOD stuck in between the buttons. And the beds?  probably shouldn't sleep on them unless you want a disease. The room was HORRENDOUS, even my dog hated it. We tried speaking with the manager, which was a waste of time. She not only refused to show us another room, she started raising her voice and verbally attacked my mom. There are no words for how despicable the whole experience was. Unless you really don't care about decent quality. I encourage you to stay somewhere else.
1	My review on THE EXTRA CHARGES EXTRA CHARGES EXTRA CHARGES SUITES:First off, I would like to say the hotel is very nice. For the price, there is no beating it.BUT BEWARE, the staff is very unfriendly, and they charge for almost everything.We arrived about 2 hours early for the check in time. I was told there is an 11 dollar charge for the early arrival. Fair enough, so I paid it. All cars parking require a permit, so don't have guests stay too long or their vehicle will be towed. On my last night, I talked to a man at the front desk. He was the sole nice person I communicated with. I asked for a late checkout, and he said it was free up to noon. The morning of departure, our room got a call, around 11:45 am. A woman was furious on the other end, stating we were 45 minutes late to checkout. I let her know I spoke with someone who stated noon was OK. She replied with "if you are 1 minute late I am charging you the 25 dollar late checkout fee" and hung up. Surprising if you ask me, especially because we were taking the extra time to tidy up the room. Two weeks after my stay, I was charged 41 dollars. I called and spoke with Shelby and Chelsea numerous times, and they BOTH told me I had taken a pillow (funny because I brought my own), and I had SOILED LINENS (there was a stain upon arrival). I tried to argue my case to no avail, Chelsea wasn't having it. She said she would send pictures of the soiled linens as they keep them for 30 days. I waited a week, never receiving a picture. I called again, she said she would send them "today." Still no pictures. I was consistent, and kept calling/emailing in hopes I could see these "soiled linens." After 2 weeks, 7 calls, and 4 emails, they finally responded. Their response? I actually did not soil any linens, but in fact I STOLE AN ENTIRE SHEET. TIP:So basically beware of this place. The rooms and grounds are nice, but the staff isn't. I would add 20% to the cost of your stay based on extra charges you will definitely  pay. If you can find another room with the extra price cap, I would skip the Blair House.
4	I stayed at this place for almost a week & it was a very nice hotel. It's basically a one bedroom apartment where I stayed at. They also have a free laundry room which is awesome! It was quiet & very comfortable there. Almost like home. If your picky & your normally staying at 5 star hotels then yes, you are gonna complain. For the price of this suite you are getting your money's worth. I was scared to stay here because of all the negative reviews but I decided to try it anyway & it was well worth it. Now for the negative parts of this suite, they do wanna charge you for every single thing. They do charge you fees. If u do put a stain on a towel they wanna charge you for it. If you put stains anywhere in the room they wanna charge you. The carpet in my room had stains already. I don't know if they probably charged me for that. I had to constantly wash the towels & the sheets on my own cause I didn't want to be charged for that. Overall, I had a nice time there besides being afraid of the extra charges. Everyone minds their own business. They had a full size fridge so I saved money on food cause I shopped at a local grocery store & bought groceries. I will stay at this place from now on everytime I come to Vegas. But, & a huge BUT, I will bring my own towels, bed sheets, & pillows to avoid being charged extra. I'd give it 5 stars but stick with 4 only because of the extra charges.
1	From the outside looks decent and it's close to the strip.  After that it's all bad!!  Room has a nasty smell as soon as you open the door.  The furniture is real old that's ok though.  Except for the fact the couch looks like something you would see sitting in front of someone's house with a free sign. You know the one nobody ever picks up.  Had to place our own blanket over the couch that's how dingy it was.  Carpet stains everywhere!!!! Above all AC in Vegas has to work it's too damn hot. It comes on but never gets to even a comfortable temp.  Spend an extra 20 a night and avoid this place.
5	This is place is cozy, quiet & I absolutely love it.  It also absolutely amazing to be able to wake up to freshly brewed coffee.  The is is friendly and prompt to address anything, and it's right behind the Wynn.  How can you beat that?
1	A month later was charged for towels after I told them I did not want any of the extra services since I was going to provide my own towels. smh this place is a joke do NOTTTT waste ur money! They are frauds! $160 for towels? You think I would fall for that it's not my fault you had the towels in the room to begin with this dump should have removed them in the first place
1	I gave the one star because the room is clean.  I requested a King Bedroom but I got a double.  They charged us an extra $30 for the stay without prior notice.  I complained but no response was given.  We will not stay here ever again.
1	I stayed at Blair House for 3 nights (~$70/night including fees and taxes) and its been one of the worst hotels I've stayed in. The "resort fee" or "service fee" as they call it is a joke as this place is like a two story delapidated apt complex with dismal customer service. E.g., my room keys did not work three times even though they had mantinence come in twice to change/check the door lock, there was a leftover maintenence clipboard sitting ontop a lamp when I first arrived, there are little cockroaches running ascant, all towels were not properly changed out, and oh the security gate around the outside apts doesnt lock. When I conplained to the desk about the keys, there only solution was to call the maintenence guy (again) vs new room or giving me a refund for 2 nights i didnt stay and book elsewhere. Absolutely ridiculous for $70 a night in LV where hotels are aplenty. I recommend just getting a room at the bigger name hotels on the strip.
4	....despite a 15 minute check-in (no fault of the workers), arriving to the room as house-keeping is entering to clean it (at least I know the room is/was clean) & the ice machines not working (but there is a bar/restaurant on property). . .it was an overall nice stay. And randomly I discovered that the property sits up against local channel 8! So, not only was it a good room at a great price, i was close to all the action without being "in it". I hated the [resort fee], but thanks for the wi-fi and continental breakfast!
