5	I was told about Dr. Golding and "His Touch with Botox" by a friend and decided to give him a try.  What had been told to me was no exaggeration.  I received my requested amount of Botox, with no pain, no bruises, no marks of any kind.  He discussed  injections sights with me and why they would be better in some areas than others.  I felt very comfortable and reassured by Dr. Golding that if I had any concerns or questions that I could contact him at his office any time.  Because it was my first time as a patient of Dr. Golding he also invited me to come back if I was not happy with the results and we discuss my options.  I couldn't have been happier with the results of the Botox.  The BEST I have ever had.  I have found a new home for my Botox needs as well as many of the other services that are provided at Oral & Facial Surgeons of AZ, especially  with Dr. Golding.  He was Great !
4	Recently Dr. Golding pulled my tooth.  He did a great job, was very personable and concerned.  Although I cannot say I enjoyed getting my tooth pulled, it needed to be done!  He was informative, patient, and professional.
5	Last week I needed an emergency dental implant when my crown broke. The previous oral surgeon I had went to would never work with me on making payments, so my dentist referred me to Dr. Golding. Within 30 minutes of entering the office I had completed my paperwork, had x-rays taken, has my consultation with Dr. Golding, worked out payment plans with their treatment coordinator, Alicia Johnson (lovely woman), and had the implant process both started and completed.  The office is beautiful, the staff is professional, and I'm very satisfied with the work Dr. Golding has done and the way in which his staff treats me. I will definitely be passing out his business cards to my friends and family.
5	Unfortunately I needed to come to Oral and Facial Surgeons for an acute onset of oral lesions that couldn't be explained. I was referred by my dentist (Dr. Harris, he's amazing) for Dr. Golding to evaluate me. I got in there the same day within just 30 mins of leaving my dentist office. Dr. Golding explained I needed a biopsy to check for malignancy and autoimmune disorders. I am a RN, so I was very pleased with him being proactive and getting this done. Got in the next day for my biopsy. When the lesions came back, which was a lot sooner then we thought (2 weeks) he made himself available. They started over the weekend and with just a quick email he called me back, gave me his personal phone #, and put me on medications to stop the progression (steroids for autoimmune) then told me to come in that Monday anytime and he would see me. At that time he has referred me to a specialist to help me maintain and treat my autoimmune disease. As a nurse I know how important it is to have contact with your physician and get full disclosure, and I have been very pleased with all his help. I can tell he is just as determined as I am in getting this under control and into remission.
