3	The merchandise looks good & the sale items are great.  They have stuff marked down 60%, 70%, 80%, & 90% of original price.  But you have to pick thru the rack like TJMaxx & the sizes are on the wrong hangers.  The dish ware sets were marked 50% off this week for instance for some cute seashell motif stuff which you could get a whole set of at a fairly decent price.  All in all, if you need something & it's on sale or clearancing out, you can get a fair to great deal.  It doesn't seem crowded so that may not bode well for the store's health.
4	Before moving to Las Vegas, I have only shopped at Kohl's once several years ago in California.  It just wasn't my kind of store with the inventories they carry back then. The store was large (2 stories) and had a lot of different merchandises, but the quality just didn't seemed to be there for the price.Fast forward at least 4-5 years and a little further SE to southern Nevada.  On my way to Summerlin Parkway, I usually drive past this location, and I actually went there with a friend who was shopping for dress shirts or suits (can't remember, but that's not important). On that trip I didn't buy anything, but look around the entire store and gain a sense of what items they have.Skip a few more months ahead, and I received some promotional mailing for take additional 20% off on top of whatever discounts they are already offering.  Sounds like a great deal and I am in the market for some new shoes, maybe some shirts.  I ended up buying way more than I had expected (it was like going to Costco for a family size pack of tri-tip steak and going to the register with 30 items).  But the receipt said I save $600+ on that purchase. And I was hooked and really needed to watch how I spend my money here.The latest promotion that I used today was a $10 off purchase of $20+ (pre-tax), and i ended up with nice Egyptian Cotton Mattress Pad for my bed. And saved another $54. Woot!The line is rarely long here, even though they seem to have sales and promotions going on so often.  And the store has a fairly decent amount of shoppers.Parking has never been an issue for me.  Location is great for me and those living close to Charleston and Durango (pretty close to Summerlin Parkway). And if you need a quick meal or snack, there is a Jack In The Box i the same strip mall.When I don't see a certain item on the shelf, I have always been assisted by a friendly and helpful Kohl's Associate, who will check their stock room to see if that item is in stock.  They don't always have it, but it can't hurt to ask.  And by asking I was able to buy the exact item I was looking for today.Smart shoppers can really save a lot timing when they shop with the promotional discounts on top of markdowns at Kohl's.  4 solid Yelp star rating from this satisfied customer.
4	This was the first Kohl's store that I went to- I had a gift card from my co-worker (bridal shower- a few years back) and got some pretty candle holders along with Yankee Candle (beach) potpourri. Since I went on my lunch break, it was a very quick trip for me. I went straight to the house wares section. And then straight to checkout. There were a few other people shopping besides me. Seemed to be a popular store. Clean, well-organized.
4	We went here last weekend to spend our Kohl's Cash $20.00 (the commercial slogan, "It's like getting paid to shop" comes to mind). Lots of seniors shop at this location. The parking lot (facing Charleston) was at medium capacity. I went to the clearance racks of women's clothing- found a marine blue tank top for $4.80. Lots of summer items like strappy dresses and tank tops on about 8 racks of clothing situated close to the very tidy dressing rooms (no clothes and no extra empty hangers- love that). It's neat that there was a rack (one for hanging & storage below- an associate was folding the clothing neatly and collecting the hanging garments) outside the dressing rooms for the clothing that you did not want. We also went to the seasonal holiday section where I selected three very cute, large plush Christmas ornaments- traditional Santa Claus, Gingerbread Man, & a snowman, at 40% off (I know, we have sooo many ornaments already, but I really couldn't resist- at least, they were ones that we don't have in our inventory) and my husband found something for Fall, so after using the Kohl's Cash, my total was a little over $11.00 for five items. I really like this department store.
3	My friends used to rave about the deals at Kohl's, but when I'd go, I'd never find anything.  A couple of years ago I went back, and I was hooked.  I understood what they were talking about, and I loved all the money I was "saving."When I was there the other day, I was transported back to those other times.  I could not believe the racks and racks of pure UGLINESS!  Clothes that my grandmother wouldn't wear (and she'd be 114 if she were still alive).  I couldn't even find any decent underwear to buy.I hope the recession eases soon, so that Kohl's can go back to hiring professional buyers, instead of the Temp help they're obviously employing.  For now, I'll keep my three-star rating as a symbol of faith that they'll mend their errant ways.
4	Kohl's reminds me of what JC Penny was like when I was growing up....a find everything department store.....only with better stuff.  The odd thing is that I never "want" to go to this Kohl's, but I invariably end up here when searching for a gift for someone.  Unlike their Irvine location, they don't have any USC gear, so it's not on my regular shopping list.I've found many birthday and Christmas gifts here.  I bought a golf accessory set for a few of my golf buddies for Christmas last month.....they loved it and it was priced just right at $14.99.The only complaint I have about this place is it seems to be slightly understaffed.  I've had difficulty finding help when I need it.  Other than that, it's a pretty pleasant shopping experience and Golf Galaxy is next door....+1.Return Factor - 75%
4	I popped into this Kohl's location on the way back from a Best of the West shopping trip to find a couple of items for my New Years Eve ensemble. Yes, I said ensemble :) It was right after Christmas so the store was very busy with returns, exchanges and people using gift certificates. Each line was like 10 deep but the employees were moving quickly so the wait was not long. I was very surprised that there was plenty of inventory AND it was organized and clean! Not bad for the weekend after Christmas. WTG Kohl's #0668 staff!
2	I purchased some clothing items for my grandson on Monday.   Yesterday I had one item to return.    There were only 2 people in front of me and several behind me.   One man that appeared to be a manager standing by the register and another worker standing by the register never bothered to open another register even though our line was now long.   When my turn finally came, the lady running the register said "Oh, are you making a return" (I had a Kohl's bag in my hand).   I said yes and was then told the only place you can make a return is at customer service on the far side of the store.   I do not shop Kohl's so was unaware you could not return at a register.  There was another person in line with a bag and fortunately she had overhead the conversation and could follow me over to Customer Service rather than waiting longer only to learn she was in a wrong line for returns.   The Customer Service desk had two people working there that appeared to be making up rules as they went.   One lady wanted to use a coupon for a portion of her purchase and was told it could be used for 50% of purchase....she said OK that she would do that and then she was told she would have to use it for 75% of purchase.   Customer Service was not providing customer service.  In fact none of the people I encountered offered true service to any of their customers.    Kohl's has good prices and I was told they had a good selection of children's clothes.  Both are true statements, but be prepared to encounter people who do not think beyond their own individual job function.  When managers do not step up and try to provide a good shopping experience for their customers it is likely employees will follow suit.
3	I like Kohls, I really do, but there's a lot of merchandise on the floor, in the aisles, everywhere.  Makes the store look messy, don't like that.
2	so disappointed in Kohls lately.  Half of the clothes there I have to ask myself Really, who would wear this? Soooo unorganized.  So many times I went to pick up my size according to the hanger and I looked at the tag and it was a different size.  I went in there hoping to find some nice black dress pants and all I could find was either a size 0 or size 17.  Not to mention the young cashier lady wasn't friendly at all.
3	Hmmmm... Idk about you!So I go to the store quite a bit to look for shoes, boys clothes, or clothes that would fit my big chubby thighs. Lol. I don't ever get any coupons because I do not have a Kohls card, but I can sometimes go in there and find some pretty decent deals. Lately I have not been able to find anything everything has been super overpriced, or just not what I liked. This last time that I went into the store, the cashiers  looked at me like I was trying to steal something. Now I understand I do have a lot of tattoos, and there is a stigma with them, but I definitely am not a shoplifter. It seems like they were following me around, and I felt really uncomfortable. I was really disheartened that they did not greet me as I walked in, but every other person that walked in they were very nice to them and said welcome to Kohl's how can I help you? I ventured into the shoe area, where was looking for two specific shoes. A ballet flat, or a nice gym shoes. I went around and of course I couldn't find anything there , I finally did find a shoe and I wanted a size that I was not able  to find. I went around looking  for the cashier or the worker and of course nobody was around.The 1 thing that I do not like in  the shoe area, is that some of the shoes are priced differently they say 20 dollars on the box but you ring them up and end up being 30 dollars. You have to really be careful when your pay for your shoes.Ill pop in still, as long as they dont case this hot little fatty!
4	I've been coming here for years!! My Kohl card had always given me great discounts, on top of their already discounted prices!! Friendly service is also there help whenevr needed.
4	So Kohl's like any place is hit or miss on items at times, can be a lot of uglies before something cute, but when you hit - you can really hit! I check out the clearance at all the stores since they often do 50%- 80% off with additional 25%off  the clearance price. If you get emails/mailers then you can get extra 15-20% off coupons or Kohls cash bonuses and such to make it an even better deal. I found I find a lot of pants here on clearance and in my size so score! I normally mostly look at the LC stuff as I think that's pretty cute. I also find a lot of baby stuff here. I don't have a kid, but everyone is having one so I come here for some cute mix and match basics or layette sets for gifts. Recently was able to put together a suit for the BF for super cheap between this store and the one by our house. This is just a place I would say isn't a spot I go to look for something specific as I find I end up empty handed (like I really want a casual blazer for cheap!).  But if I'm just looking for new clothes at deals then often I leave rather happy with a happy wallet. Where else can I leave with 8 pieces of clothing and 2 accessories for $60? Again, this place is good for those who dig. There is a lot of ugly stuff here too, but sometimes you find awesome basics if you're a deal shopper.(Yelp 100 Challenge 17/100)
5	I live right next to this Kohl's and I shop here a lot. My only complaint a while back was that the locks in all of their dressing rooms were broken but lately they have been fixed. This store is always clean the everything is always presented well.I love this store.
5	Where else can you go and get designer brands: Vera Wang, Ralph Lauren, Levis, etc at a deep discount price?  Shop those sale racks (80% off) and you come away with some substantial bargains. For instance. . . I got a Vera Wang dress that was 80% and ended up paying $12 for it.  My husband and son got some nice dress shirts for $5-6 and my son, who LIVES in Dockers was able to buy every color in the rainbow for $9 each (even got a couple for $7 each).You do have to be tenacious because often sizes are mixed around by customers and you just have to look at everything. But the pay off is awesome.  Oh, open a Kohls account like we did, and you get another 20% off. Plus, the week we were shopping there, you get Kohls Cash, for every $50 you spend, they give you $10 in Kohls cash to spend the next week.   As they say "the more you shop, the more you Kohls".
4	I like this Kohl's because it is organized and even when they are busy, the lines seem to go relatively quickly at the check-out. I've also had to make a return for an item and it was perfectly seamless. There are 2 doors to enter this Kohl's, which also makes parking a breeze (especially if you park on the side entrance).  I usually never have a problem finding something on their clearance rack and the 80% off deals are phenomenal. Some of the least expensive items that I own are from Kohl's and the quality of the items are far better than Target, Sears, or JCPenny (these are the only stores I can think of that are similar). Overall, when I need a cute work outfit for a discounted price, I head to Kohl's.
4	It's your average Kohls. Clean and well organized. The staff I encountered were all friendly and offered assistance. Would shop here again.
4	This kohls always seems organized and well staffed. It is close to my house so I often do little runs to this location for last minute items. I did all of my Xmas shopping here this year. I learned a hard lesson about buying off-brand electronics from kohls... None of the items I purchased worked. The return process was simple and the line was quick to move. Just a tip...don't buy any electronics from here.
5	I love it when you can combine coupons with Kohls.  They let you do that all the time and including the $10 off everything!
5	Been coming here since the grand opening. Love the stuff they offer here plus its affordable. I also love the brand names and quantities of the items. Loved the sales and clearances they offer.
4	I always forget about Kohl's for some reason! I visited and was very pleasantly surprised. The store was clean, well organized, and had ample staff. Everyone was friendly and helpful, and I was able to find what I was looking for quickly. I will definitely return and put this on my list of shopping locations!
4	It was a little disorganized, the staff was super friendly though. The lady that checked me out was efficiently quick and cheerful. The sales were great today as well.
3	Kohl's is a solid department store chain, and they run frequent sales- literally almost any item you pick up is almost guaranteed to be on some sort of discount. This is nice, but it's also irritating in that their original prices are overinflated in the first place so the "sale" price is more of a regular price but I digress.Came to this location this afternoon to browse. Clearance section was an unorganized mess, as were the fitting rooms. I ran into a few different employees but none greeted me, which was a bit odd. Signage now is digital, which saves the employees having to replace sale signage constantly- however, I noticed some was inaccurate or flat-out wrong (see image: sale price for "V-neck shirts" with undershirts that aren't V-necks at all). Managed to find a few bargains: athletic shorts for $9 and a solid purple modal tee for a more casual work look, $6- both rang up even lower at the register ($6.75 and $5, respectively). Cashier was polite, when we left there was a lady stationed at the door to greet customers as business picked up.
2	I was driving by and decided to stop in.  I had actually never been to a Kohl's before and was expecting something like Ross or Marshalls. It was more like JC Penney.Fairly well merchandised but nothing appealing and no great deals.  Just not the kind of stuff I buy nor the price point I would pay for it if I was in buying mood
5	Love this store, it's my one stop shop. I've been going to this store for years, the prices blow me away at check out every time.
1	Try putting some price tags and signs where your small kitchen appliances are. Or at least have someone readily available to answer questions.
2	I was a fan of Kohl's when they first opened but I grew tired of their sales structure.  I shouldn't be forced to use a Kohl's charge to receive my discount.  I found myself there over the weekend as a friend needed me to pick up an item they had on hold.  I browsed a bit.  Tons of sales rack which is great if you are into hunting for deals.  I'm not a fan of disorder and it reminds me of an old Mervyn's store.  I checked out the Nike section for woman hoping they would have some deals but even their Nike pieces were not the same selection you would find in department store or a sport specific store.  It was not even the nicer fabrics or prints.  In my opinion their prices are not that great unless you have a 20 or 30 off and the item is already on sale and on top of that you have  Kohl's charge.
