5	This place is AMAZING! 2 kinds of potatoes, both incredible and you can top them with melted cheese. The portions are very generous. The plates are perfectly decorated. I had the benedict a la George, I can't stop talking about it to everyone. Best benedict I've ever had. My friend had a huge french crepe stuffed with fruit, beautiful! Must try.
4	Good food, great mashed potatoes and great service. Located in  a small strip mall in Dorval, this is a charming breakfast joint. They sever lunch too from Mon-Fri, but never has the opportunity to sample thier fare. Their breakfast is really good, including the ususal eggs and meats, however they have some smashing waffle/pancake and fruit plates. Go you must try it, you will not be disppointed.
4	Really Good!! Mashed potatoes are awesome!!! Waiters are friendly and quick!
4	I've been 4-5 times now so I think it's time to write a quick review. First off- huge portions! I can barely dent what they give me (not a complaint!) Everything from the portion of side potatoes to the side fruit garnish....they put other brunch places to shame! I don't find the food really consistent in how it's served (Mickey mouse shaped pancakes the 1st time- not the next. Eggs Benny drowned in Hollandaise, served perfectly the next time), but overall I like their food and will try a few more options on the menu when I generally don't at other places.Timing of tables has me a bit thrown too. I've gone the same day, same time all 5 times and sometimes the line is out the door and sometimes you are seated immediately.Overall I do really like it for a brunch place closer to Lachine and it's pretty much the closest one to me (so says Yelp when I search) so I'll keep going back once and awhile :)
1	Well I shouldn't have turn left and gone here. I was initially going to Tim hortons and now I wish I would have gone there. You know I when the food is bland when you need to drown it in salt. Dirty plates, waitresses English was so broken that I begged her to speak French since I understand French. Beans and cretons taste canned, bacon is cold. Waffles was from a package. Food is served too fast because it's not made from scratch.Coffee nasty and I was going to eat my last bite of frozen sausage and decided to leave it there.  Erk!!! Everythin on my plate and that of my wife tastes nasty all together. I will never come here again!!!!
4	The food was good. About on par with your typical breakfast joint, but what got me was the service. This place runs like a well oiled machine. Came in to a line that moved quick. Food came out quick and hot! You can see the servers hustling. Definitely a good place to grab a quick breakfast.
5	Fantastic breakfast spot. Menu is in both English and French and it's full of fabulousness. We had a super French Toast but there's something for everyone. Smoothies and fresh squeezed juice too!
5	Had breakfast here a few times. Very good selection. Also many lunch specials. Everything is around $10-$15, but portions are big and tasty. Service is fast. Good place to go in Dorval.
