5	I can pretty much second Jennifer R.'s review: small, friendly salon with great prices. I just got my hair done by Melanie and couldn't be happier. My hair is long and can be difficult at times. My highlights and cut came out great and Melanie is very personable! The salon has a wonderful "neighborhood" feel, no pretense or attitude here but you can tell they have experience. I highly recommend Salon Indigo, especially Melanie. I know I will be back for more!
5	I have been getting my hair done here at Salon Indigo, by Sara, for over 3 years and can not say enough about what a wonderful job she does.  I get stopped (yes literally) and complimented on my hair.  I have a very short spikey hair cut and Sara cuts it better than anyone ever has!   Highly recommend this salon!
5	I have been getting my hair cut here for 2-1/2 years and get SO many compliments on my hair.  My fabulous stylist is Sara Lopez.  I have sent other people to her and they love her as well.   All the people in the Salon are friendly.  The salon is clean.  And the prices can not be beat!!    I spent a year and a half looking for someone to cut my hair.  I have LOTS of hair and a very unique short hair cut.
5	I have been to this salon a few times in the past and have never been disappointed by the stylists, but Gloria is amazing! I decided to add highlights for summer, and she did an absolutely wonderful job. I have been coloring at home for years so I was a little worried how my hair would look, but she was able to make the highlights look great and blend well. I had my second appointment for a touch up 3 days ago, added a few more highlights and I couldn't be happier with it. Not only does my hair look like I wanted it to, it also doesn't look or feel overly processed or damaged. Because my hair is very fine, that has been my biggest issue in that past at other salons.I highly recommend Gloria at Salon Indigo, she is very friendly and will make your hair look great!
5	FINALLY, someone who listens to what I ask for and not what they think would look "nice" on me! I love Melaine!!  Appointment booking was smooth and knowing that I had some time restrictions, when she had an opening, she was amazing enough to call me and let me know. I've got my go-to-gal. Alleluia, praise The Lord. It only took 10 years if living here!
5	Melanie is wonderful. Very knowledgeable and professional. She made me feel welcome and took very good care of me. My color and cut was perfect. The salon is very comfortable as well.
5	I love Michele, my hair looks great, seriously never better. I have super frizzy curly hair, and she did a Keratin complex blowout, and after I had beautiful straight, shiny hair. It even looked longer. I love it, and I love her. You need anything, she is the one to ask for.
