1	Totally not worth the spa level prices! My mani-pedi was lovely but if I had to pay for it out of my own pocket, I wouldn't do it.The actual spa needs MAJOR WORK! The indoor hot tub had MILDEW. Lights were burned out in the steam room. When I arrived there was a disgusting clogged toilet in the first stall. The rubber gasket on the sauna door was falling out and there was a crack in the bottom of the (glass) door. The staff were gossiping about the group of which I was a part where all could here. My "tour" of the facility sorely lacked--I ran into other ladies who had also find the blow dryers on our own. And really? ESPN playing on the tv's in the sink/makeup/hair room?I spoke to spa management who said she can't help it if maintenance is busy/there's red tape, blah blah blah. Really? There's MOLD in your hot tub and this doesn't bother you? Now I'm trying to rectify a charge they put on my personal credit card that should have been covered by my group. Phone calls have not been returned. Overall the experience absolutely not up to par for Vegas or resort spa.
2	The massage I received was good but that is the only positive thing I can say about my experience.  I had $200 in gift cards and learned that after 12 months a $10 per month fee is deducted so I had $70 on 1 card and no balance on 2nd card that also should of been $70.  I have called customer service 3 times and have not spoke to anyone that wants to help me and they don't return calls. The spa is high priced and the attendants were some friendly some not. There are better spas to go to in Las Vegas. Don't buy there gift cards!!
4	I had a really great experience at the Spa at Red Rock, considering my experience at the resort itself was awful.  The massage I had was one of the best massages I have ever had.  It was so relaxing.  The masseuse was friendly and did a really great job.  The rest of the facility is nice too.  The hot tub was nice and relaxing.  The facilities were clean and had everything you could need at a spa.  I was leaving to go to the airport from the spa, so I took a shower.  The shower was huge and had all the toiletries I needed.  It would have been better if there was a lock on the door however.  There was also a separate room that had big mirrors to get ready in front of.  The blow dryer and other toiletries were easily accessible.  The massage itself is a little pricey, but I recommend it if you plan on using the rest of the spa facility as well.
2	I'll be honest, the M spa is like 10 times better.  They do offer a locals discount so that's good and I will say all my services were very nice and the staff was great too.Here's what I didn't like1)  The waiting room is too small and not intimate enough.  There were like 10 of us sitting on each other waiting for our cattle call. In fact there was a group of 4 ladies, who were friends, that were sitting on one chair together b/c there was not enough room.2) They keep it pretty cold in here. I had to have them turn on my bed warmers b/c I was chilly willy style.3) THEY DON'T SERVE ALCOHOL.  Big no-no in my book. Bachelortte parties want to drink some champagne/ girls weekend want to drink some champagne/ I want to drink some champagne. But you can't b/c it's a 'healthy place' um ok so why don't you have a juice bar?  If I'm going healthy give me a juicing bar where I can get my Kale juice on or have some infused water that I might enjoy. I ordered a Pineapple juice at the cost of $5, other spas give juice away free, not this one.  Also, serve me a menu that has calories on it, you can't half ass healthy you gotta go all the way!  Partner with Greens and Proteins and have them hook you all up.4)  Pool outside is mostly shaded until at least noon so keep that in mind.  Also NOT enough seating outside, I witnessed numerous people walking around aimlessly trying to find a seat. They do have a HUGE TV outside in the wall by the pool; however, it was not on????5) Food- I ordered a lobster salad dressing on the side.  My friend ordered beef sliders.  Dressing came on my salad but it was DELICIOUS totally would get that again.  Beef sliders were like hockey pucks, even looking at them I'm not sure how anyone would ever server those to someone. They were like crispy black on the outside and the most well done, I'd go as far as burnt.  My friend was so hungry though that he couldn't wait for another order to come back out so he ate them but not sure he enjoyed them.
4	Great space for a spa treatment. The locker rooms are very posh and have just about everything you'd need. The men's locker room was practically empty so I had the sauna, steamroom, etc to myself. The highlight was the small back patio pool. I hung out at this pool instead of the resorts' large pool because it was so much quieter.
5	My first visit here and I loved it!  I got the Full Body Peel and it was wonderful. I can't wait to go back and get another one. This spa is better than the Cosmopolitan spa. This spa carries toiletries, bath soap and hair brushes. The Cosmo offered none of that, so I couldn't shower there.After my peel I had to take a shower to rinse it off and in the room is a rain shower which feels amazing. They also have a rain shower where the jacuzzi is.The only thing that I didn't like was the couches. When you are waiting to be called they have 2 large couches and a chair and I tried 3 different positions on the couch and none of them were comfortable. I ended up moving to the chair. Please replace your couches!
4	Best in Vegas for locals. Hands down.
3	The spa itself is nice and the staff seemed friendly.  My bestie's boyfriend booked us each a package for her bday, which included a 50-min massage and a mani/pedi.  The massage was great.  I was so relaxed I passed out. I ended up only getting a mani because I had gel on my nails and it took too long for them to take it off.  They charged me $30 for the soak off, which I think is outrageous but the lady who did my nails was super nice and sweet so I have no complaints about her or my massage therapist. My biggest gripe is the cleanliness of the spa itself.  Having been to a few in Vegas, I'm used to things being spotless and staff constantly ready to pamper you, which is ultimately why you pay high prices to go to a casino/hotel spa rather than the $20 foot massage place on Spring Mountain.  However, the trash bin by where you wash your hands was so full it was spilling over and no one changed it the entire time we were there.  Also, I took a shower and the drain was completely clogged up with hair.  We didn't use any of the amenities other than our services so I can't attest to the cleanliness of those areas, but just those two things really grossed me out.  On top of that, there were empty water bottles everywhere, even in my locker from the last person who used it! A really great plus is that they have a huge locals discount: 20% F-Su and 30% M-Th.  I keep going back and forth with 3 stars or 4 stars because I really want to give it 3.5 stars, but I'll just round up since the overall experience was fun.
3	I prefer Green Valley Spa by far. Too bad because this is very close to home, but it just did not do it for me. The pool area was smaller than Green Valley Ranch's and I believe the entire side of the hotel building could see what was going down in the pools below from just looking out their window (not very private). The loud music from the pool next door was quite distracting. I am probably just a little bitter because there was no clock outside and  brought my cell phone with me and when I went to check the time, it accidentally dropped in the pool and ruined my phone needless to say. I can't understand why spas can't place a clock anywhere people need to know times so they are not late for services. I also did not enjoy the couple making out in the pool while I was trying to swim (not Red Rock's fault) but still. I got a facial and it was just OK. Overall, it is not an experience I would pay for again.
4	I like this place. They have great products great specials for locals and great technicians. Minus 1 star for the attitude of the staff in the women's relaxation room.
4	I have been to the spa at Red Rock several times, and I love it!!! The staff is very friendly, the ambiance is relaxing, the aroma as soon as you walk in is heavenly. Overall, it's fantastic and I have never been disappointed with a massage or a facial that I have gotten at Red Rock Spa. They also have a locals discount, Monday through Thursday locals get 30% off- great deal!!
4	Pros:Good sized hot tubLarge co-ed outdoor pool area with cabanas and lounge chairs.  Modern and minimalist.  Not too many frills.Locals Discount 20-30% off EVERY DAY OF THE WEEKSwedish massage is relaxing.  Couples massages are available.Not crowded (on the days that I've gone).Cons:Would not recommend for large groupsLocals Day Pass Monday-Thursday only and is $50Not a lot of lounge areas.In Summary:I'd pick this location if I wanted to hang out with my husband and because it's close to where I live and because of the Locals Discount.  If I wanted to enjoy spa facilities by itself, I'd do it on a weekday to avoid larger crowds...or I'd go to a hotel resort spa with larger hot tubs (see my reviews for Qua and Spa Mandalay).
5	I've been coming here for years and won't get my nails or a facial done anywhere else. I find the spa relaxation area to be small and a bit compartmentalized, so I tend to go in for my treatment then leave, but there's nothing wrong with that for those of us out in the suburbs with much to do on the weekends. I rather like being able to get in, get a top notch treatment, and be out without wasting my day away. This place seriously only hires the best!
5	Love it here, super clean and inviting. Staff is always awesome. All the staff knows what they are doing, best massagse and facials I've ever had
3	I was just there this morning since I had the day off and figured that it wouldn't be too crowed on a Monday.  I was wrong on that count.  It was pretty full with several people on the loungers in the hot tub area and the tub itself.  I don't know if that was typical or simply because it was a Federal holiday.I would have made it four stars if they would have let me know when I checked in instead of waiting until we got to the pool that the spa pool was being used by the hotel since the main pools were being refaced.  So if you're looking to go there between now and about mid-March, be aware that there will probably be more people than normal and kids in the spa pool.I first got the locals pass and used one of the fitness room elliptical machines.  The fitness room was smallish but it had plenty of ellipticals and treadmills along with weight machines.  I decided to try a treatment since there is 30% locals discount M-Th (20% F-Sun) so I set that up at the front desk and then enjoyed the sauna, pool (only a couple of people in it by that time), and hot tub.  They do have a steam room but I did not try that.  It is fairly small compared to some of the other spas I have been to.  They only had 4 showers and very limited seating in the spa area.  The relaxation/waiting area was nice if a bit dark and they had a fruit bowl and hot tea available.  No water with fruit or things in it here but they did have bottled water available.  You could also order food in the pool area if you wished but I didn't so I can't tell you how it or the service is.I decided on the back balancer and my esthetician (I forgot her name and it's not on my receipt) was great.  Quite frankly, if I had not decided to get a service, I think the $50 for the day pass would have been a little much especially with the spa pool being used by hotel guests and not limited to the spa guests.  So I doubt I'll come back to use just the facilities again but I'll probably come back for other services since they are nice and have a good discount for locals.
2	This update is to alert any of the people who may go under a spa pass and then request a service.  Make sure the receipt you get at the end shows the $50 pass being credited to your account somehow or get a refund receipt of the spa pass.  The one time I don't do this I get double charged where they did not take the $50 off.
5	I went here in December and in February- both times were great!In the Women's area:- changing area- Sauna- Steam Room- Hot Tub- Cold Tub- Tea & Apples- Bottled Water (no-name brand)- Amenities in the Changing area: toothbrush & toothpaste, hair dryer, brushes, deodorant... the usual stuff.In December, my husband and I got a couples Swedish massage (80 minutes) with the addition of reflexology.  The reflexology was nothing more than tugging on your toes and banging on your feet.  Definitely wasn't worth the additional money.In February, we got a couple's Swedish massage (80 minutes), couple's top of the rock pedicure and I got the classic facial (50 minutes).  NOTE: The pool is RIGHT outside of the spa, so we heard screaming kids and people talking and laughing while getting our massages.  I was able to tune out most of it since I was in a state of bliss, but it's unfortunate that the rooms aren't sound proof or maybe they should think of a re-design option?  This time the massage was SO MUCH BETTER!  I guess the masseuses were just much better!  The pedicure was great.  It was my husband's FIRST pedicure and his nail tech was great.  She walked him through each step of the process.  My nail tech was great and was super patient as I tried to figure out which nail polish I wanted.  The facial was really nice.  While I wanted more extractions, she said I didn't need them (really?!).  50 minutes goes by almost too fast and I would have wanted some more time.  NOTE: If you decide to get a pedicure & facial, do the facial FIRST and then the pedicure.  In your facial, they will wrap your hands and feet in mask and if you had your nails done, you won't want to do that.  Luckily, I only had my toes done, so my hands got the royal treatment and it was lovely.I was SO happy to see that they carry Pure Fiji products. When I went to Fiji for my honeymoon back in 2006, the resort carried these products and I fell in love with the starfruit products. (Coconut smells divine, too!)  I hadn't been able to find them and had forgotten about them until I went to the spa and the smell of the Pure Fiji starfruit brought me right back to our honeymoon in Fiji.  I was delighted to see them and purchased some body lotion.  HEAVEN!I would definitely go back to Red Rock Spa and try a scalp treatment and a body wrap or treatment!I wish there was a co-ed area; since my husband and I did some couple's treatments that was the only time that I saw him.p.s. the Local's discounts are pretty damn good, too!
5	Oh what a wonderful time I had here. I've had a few professional massages here in Las Vegas since I moved here a couple years ago but this one was BY FAR the best. When I pay big $$$ for a good massage i'm looking for an environment that matches. Red Rock Spa isn't cheap but you absolutely get what you pay for. I recommend spending at least 4 hours here no matter what treatment you have. The men's locker room is top notch with Juccuzzi, Sauna and Steamroom. I spent most of my time in the steamroom, it has soft blue lights that almost resemble little stars and a pleasant aromatheropy smell. They provide all the bathroom supplies you could need right down to the razors, tooth brushes, heir products, etc... They give you a comfy robe to walk around in while you spend the day here. The spa has a co-ed area with a private lap pool and pool deck. You can order some tasty food from the cafe and just take in a little sun. It also includes access to the fitness area but I didn't have time to check that out as well. I did an 80 minute sweedish massage and the lady that worked on me did a fantastic job. No complaints what so ever,
5	Great experience. I tried out the Red Rock spa because of the 30% discount for locals. I signed up for an 80 min massage. The spa itself is nice. A spa pass runs 50$ which is a great price point for keeping the spa crowd away. I went there on a Monday afternoon and there were maybe 4 other people using the spa. The spa also has a private pool which I unfortunately did not have the time to check out. The massage service was the best I have had in Las Vegas. My therapist was great. She gave me a deep tissue massage with very little soreness or bruising the next day. The room had some nice little touches that added to the experience. The table was adjustable similar to those orthopedic beds. The small pillows used to prop up your head and legs were warmed. When I received my robe at the end of the massage it was warmed as well. After the locals discount and my 30% tip the 80 minute massage came out to around 200$. I feel that it was well worth the experience.
5	I had a great massage by Corrine.  The staff was pleasant and efficient.  I highly recommend if you are in the neighborhood and even better if you are a local.
4	Moving here from Los Angeles, one of the most annoying tasks I had to check off my list was to find another barber/stylist.  I decided to check out Red Rock because it was close.   I called to make an appointment and they set me up with Katrina.  She is very easy going, personable and a fantastic stylist.  Its never easy working with a brand new client and she did a great job with my super straight asian hair.  I was so happy, I decided to tell my wife about it.  Now we see Katrina together once a month, she gets her hair colored and me my haircut.  What's kinda cool is that we are able to use the spa facilities for free because we are spending more than $100 together.  Its always nice to sit in the steam room for 15 minutes before a haircut!The only negative is that its sorta pricy.  But convenience and quality trumps price with this place!  They do offer a discount for locals from Monday-Thursday!
2	I felt taken advantage of. I also didn't like that they just are terrible with up keep. I kept having to ask for stuff that should have been there. They just don't pay attention. Steam room had water coming out from the bottom of the door I almost slipped twice and hurt my ankle.  I moved from California and was a regular at a well known spa there, I guess I have to keep looking. I really wish this would have worked for me. I didn't get my full facial, the lady who gave me the facial must have thought I didn't read what came with my facial. *sigh* so upsetting.
4	For a tranquil spa experience beyond the Las Vegas Strip this is the place. The facility was very clean and inviting and offered an array of top of the spa products for purchase. The staff was very welcoming and took the time to show all of the amenities.  The steam room was not functioning but all of the other features were. I liked arriving early to relax and unwind in the quiet lounge. They offered bottled water and hot tea. There were a few apples in a bowl but I wasn't sure if those were for decoration. I was a little surprised they didn't have a spa water with lemons or cucumber - or any snacks that are typically found at a spa of this caliber. I indulged in an aromatherapy massage. The therapist was incredible and talked me through the treatment letting me know this was not the norm- and afterwards I was glad I chose it. It was one of the best treatments I've experienced and I would do it again. If you are a local - make sure you ask for your locals 30% discount. Enjoy!
5	If I could give more stars I would.  Woke up this morning I said I'm going to spa.  Called Red Rock told them I wanna treat myself and told them about how much I felt like blowing!  I said I'd like to come in shortly!  I ordered the salt and sugar full body scrub with body butter massage!  I came to the spa.  Was showed all the amenities from pool, gym, steam room, dry sauna, hot tub, cool plunge tub, rain fall showers etc... all the hair products combs, brushes, tampons, razors etc all that standard stuff then I relaxed and drank hot tea and fruit and Mimi my Masso therapist and spot technician comes out and greets me...Miss Henderson im ready for U...introduces herself and the. I feel in love. I actually proposed marriage to this women!   I will be back.  I normally when I go to a spa try to experiment with different technicians to see who I like the best but there's no way I'm doing that I'm sticking with Mimi!   SHES AMAZING!  Mimi if your read this I Salute you....  XXOO
4	I had a wonderful facial here recently and really enjoyed myself.  Weeks ago, I contacted them through their website about an appointment.  Someone called me back the same day and I made an appointment.  They also called to remind me about the appointment a couple days before.  I got there about 20 minutes before my appointment and I got checked in.  One of the ladies gave me a tour of the place and got me a locker.  I am not into the sauna or steam room so I just changed into my robe and went the treatment waiting area.  I had a few minutes to read a magazine and then got called for my treatment.  The place was quite busy so they must be a popular spa.  I got to some spas in hotels and end up being by myself or with just one or two others.  It was not overwhelming though with all the other ladies.My facial was very nice.  The therapist did upsell me to the oxygen facial but that was fine.  She did a good job and I enjoyed the facial.  She did not try to sell me on products which was nice.  I always hate spas that do that. I definitely will be back here to try other treatments.
