4	okay...so i had birthday thing for a friend of mine today and a big gloppy chocolate cake was out of the question for this gymophile. so, i remembered the bakery selection at the safeway just across the street. i hopped on my trusty longboard (the grocery basket equipped one). scanning the cooler i found the most BEAUTIFUL fruit tart. mmmm. i feared i might let partygoers down with all that fruit...alas, i was wrong. that tart was gobbled down in less than 5 minutes.
3	Rating a grocery store?  Why not.  I used to live in an area with a large Fry's marketplace that I was crazy about after having some really bad experiences at the Safeway that was across the street.  When I moved into the area I came in with a bit of a bias against Safeway, but I gave it another try and now it is the grocery that I choose to go to week after week.  The produce is great, I have never had a problem with the quality or selection; the staff is consistently friendly and I recognize a lot of the same employees working the hours I shop week after week.  My small man bitter gripes are that the isles are small (this is an older store in an established neighborhood) and they never carry A&W Diet Creme Soda... yes, I am just that specific about this particular need not being met because if I want this specific soda I have to go to a Frys on Camelback which is like a war zone with how many people are fighting their way through that store.Out of Safeway's control is that my fellow shoppers are not always conciensious of the space limitations.  They sometimes forget that they keep leaving their cart in the middle of the isle, and wonder off to compare labels from product to product.  Hey, can you move the cart to the side so the rest of us can get by?  As noted before... the isles are a bit small.Lastly... these are Safeway things... the bathrooms need to be attended to more often in case the customer has the immediate urge to use them... just saying'Second, another reviewer mentioned the smoking thing... yeah, lets move those employees further away from the main doors... it is pretty bad and does affect the shopping experience.  A designated smoking/break area would fix this right away and probably make everyone happy.
3	I'm partial to fresh and easy but my son goes to school right around the corner so we stop here often for last minute "oh crap! I forgot it was our snack day" runs. Clean. Great customer service, prices are so so. I think safeway does offer some items that most other grocers do not. Its great to walk in and find something you can't find anywhere else.
