3	This used to be my goto Chinese place over 10 years ago. Well let's just say my tastes have become more sophisticated 'cause it's just your average run if the mill Chinese/American food with no surprises or intrigue.The Chow Fun was pretty good and the Tofu was acceptable I just cant imagine how this was my goto place so long ago.. was I really that blind? I was still in my twenties, what did I know?
4	I heart the King Wah! Its your typical Chinese take out. Its always consistently good. Its not over the top the best I have ever had, but it is far from the worst. We always order the sweet and sour chicken (all white meat) and the vegetable low mien with a side of crab puffs and fried wontons. I have never had one complaint about the food. Its always delivered hot and fast. While I am not huge fan of the crab puffs (I am super picky about my puffs) The Hubs lurvs them! We are so glad we found out about the Wah, its right down the street and good for those nights you don't feel like cooking. Tuki gives the SS chicken 4 tails!
2	wah wah...to the new owners of the Wah :( So King Wah closed for like a month back in October. They reopened as promised...but under completely new ownership. Menu is the same....but the food, Its different....in a not the same tasty Wah we are used to. Tuki didn't even beg for food. We are sad, this was our go to Chinese delivery. Now we must take on the task of finding something new.
3	Used to get delivery from here years ago, but apparently they are now under new ownership and no longer deliver..my other half NEVER wants Chinese so when he agreed I had to take the time to go and pick it up..might not have the chance for Chinese for another 6 months. When walking in the interior had changed a bit, new tables, chairs and flooring. Noticed right away it was clean. a polite lady took my order and while I waited a man shelling pea pods made small talk. The food only took about 5 minutes and I was on my way. The other half ordered the Mongolian Beef dinner combo (combo comes with chow mein, fried rice, egg roll and a fried won ton.) Ordered sweet & sour chicken for the child and I ordered the Garlic Chicken.The other halfs beef was wonderful, spicy but not too much, with a decent ratio of meat & green onion, the chow mein on all orders had large pieces of chicken..the egg roll was more like a small spring roll with translucent wrapper, still very tasty.The low point of the meal was the Garlic Chicken, not enough spice and was more like a bland brown sauce without the garlic kick, not at all like the sauce I am used too.Overall for $22.00 the meal was worth it and the next time the husband gets a hankering for take out it is going to be 1st on my list.
4	Sketchy lot? Yes. Great tasting Chinese food? Yes.  There always seem to be a logical pattern when you associate poor or run down area to an above average quality in Chinese restaurants.  Whatever the case maybe, King Wah has been delivering great Hong Kong flavors at a very wallet friendly cost.It is quite apparent that a good majority of the patrons dining here are of Chinese decent or just Asian! Awesome, I say! That only proves their great reputation of delivering tasteful and desireable Hong Kong-style dishes!I always order the Family Dinner Set, Letter D! 7 items for $38! You can't beat that! Or maybe you can? I have yet to come across a Chinese joint that offers such a deal!  They do not skimp out on the portion! The two times I have come here, it's been faily consistent!The one Appetizer dish that comes in that set, called: Fried Bean Cake, is just plain GOOD! Its basically tofu that had been coated and then crisped on the outside while kept very moist and soft inside.  I would order this every time!Their shark fin and crab soup is pretty darn good too! Peaking Pork Chops! Mm good!The staff members are very friendly and attentive! They have comfortable booth seatings and round tables for bigger parties.  Also, small tables for smaller groups of four.Great Wall is still the Valley favorite among the Asian community, but I would rank this place near the top and possibly even with Nee House.  I do not know if they service Dim Sum here.Enough of me blabbering about this Chinese joint, come check it out and tell me it isn't great! :)
3	I was here last year around November or so and the food was pretty good.  We decided to come here for a change from Great Wall.  So 18 of us (that is only some of our family) went there tonight.  The "adult" table ordered and our "kid" table order for ourselves.  Here is the low down:1.  Chicken cream corn soup - Ok, a little bland2.  Fried tofu - This dish was AWESOME and the sauce was excellent3.  Pot stickers - They were store bought and they fried them, not pan fried4.  Yan Chow Fried Rice - It was pretty good, the kids loved it5.  Chicken Chow Mein - It dish looked d'lich but the taste was missing6.  Walnut Shrimp - It tasted funny not sure if it was the shrimp or sauce7.  Peking Pork Chops - This dish was great and the sauce was tasty8.  Beef Stew with Noodle - More fat than beef and noodles were ok9.  Pepper Beef Ribs - The flavor was ok, but some of the beef was a little more rare than we likeAll in all, it was ok.
2	No flavor. food tastes like the Chinese buffet places. Ordered a sesame chicken expecting a heavy dark sauce. In return I got a honey flavored chicken plate.
5	The fish ball noodle soup and sour vege with beef is super tasty here. Definitely very traditional.
1	I dont know what gruel tastes like but I'm sure it tastes like what this place serves up. Food was disgusting. If I could give King Wah no stars I would.
4	Sing Hi Chicken maybe one of the best in town. Does not matter what else you order but this is a must.Place and location is not the best but go for the food. Service is generally pretty good and prices are very reasonable
5	This place is as legit as it comes...I live in North Phoenix near Desert Ridge and I often go down to Mesa to eat at Best Hong Kong on Southern and Dobson.  Now, I hardly go there not because I don't like the food but because I can get another dish with the gas money I save by going to King Wah! If you're a fan of bitter melon, ask for a special dish made of bitter melon, beef, and egg.  It's a legit HK dish that not too many restaurants make but King Wah will do it for ya.  :)
5	Ordering here is difficult because they give you the Americanized Chinese Menu if you are not Asian. We asked for the Chinese Menu and they looked at us funny. It turns out they have a mess of menus. They have many menus all over the room in Chinese, they have the Americanized Menu and they also have a very long Hong Kong Style Menu. I was told the Chinese Menus would not be the same next time because they change everyday.When a waitress came back we asked her to translate the one Chinese Menu that was by our table. We decided to order from that menu. After that they were very nice to us and very helpful. She told us for future visits to just tell her what we like and she will suggest plates to us.For my first plate here I went with Eggplant with tofu. It was unlike Asian Eggplant I had at other places. This dish was very light but still flavorful. Even the tofu was super light silken tofu with a nice thin crust. I was told it would be very spicy but it wasn't but still was very good with lots of good flavors in a thin light sauce.The plate I'm really basing my five stars on is the dish that they call special beef. The vegetables in this dish were truly stunning. How often do you get fresh crisp lotus root in your dish. This dish also had the most unusual interesting mushrooms that had a texture unlike any other mushroom I ever tried. The other vegetables were all fresh and crisp. The beef in the dish was nice and tender like an eye roast but it was a very small amount of meat in the dish. This dish was very lightly sauced like the way you are suppose to sauce pasta. This dish was highly recommended by the waitress as she told us it was their best beef dish.It should be noted that this place is not fancy and is located in an old strip mall prices are very low.
5	I really had the most unusual second experience here. The waitress's remembered us and the Chef ran out to take our order. He said he wanted to make us a special meal for us and said I remembered you like spicy. I said I'd like something with fish and vegetables. The waitress translated what I said to him and he ran to the kitchen. Soon out comes these tasty silken tofu cubed bowls that were lightly battered holding these tiny shrimp with a tasty dipping sauce.Next comes out this big bowl of hot and sour soup. The soup had lots of tofu threw it, pork and shrimp. Also some fresh made fried noodles that were very crisp and made with fresh clean oil. The soup was well made.Then we get a big plate with Sea Bass and Bok Choy. The fish was very fresh tasting and moist. The bok Choy was crisp and tasty. The sauce was silky smooth made very carefully from stock with taste of garlic a spicy pepper and the perfect amount of salt.Our two drinks and all this food only cost $26.00 before tip.As I said in my previous review. If you aren't Asian they give you the Americanized Chinese Menu. I note they have a Hong Kong Menu and Many Menus written in Chinese all over the walls here that change Often. I also note this isn't a fancy place.I don't think you are going to find another place like this anywhere.
2	The sweet and sour sauce wasnt warm. I like it warm.
4	The owners of this restaurant used to own Lucky's Chinese.  This is the place you would go to for Sochow style fried tofu.  Crispy on the outside, a little bit of shrimp paste and the inside piping hot and soft.  Literally unmatched by anywhere else.  The restaurant is small and service is quick.  Lots of the menu is written only in Chinese on specials on white boards.  If you have access to someone who reads Chinese, this is the time to bring them.  Food is not meant to be fussy or fancy.  This is the type of food that many Cantonese families would make for themselves during the week.  They will let you bring in seafood and they will cook it for you for a small service charge.  Totally worth it.  Even if you don't bring in seafood, the mussels are to die ford as well as any shrimp dish.  I make the drive out here and ignore the fact that it's next to a scary massage place and quincenara store.  Give it a go, worth your time.Not to miss dishesStir fried freshwater vegetablesDuck braised with taroSuzhou style fried tofuBraised Beef bowl (sacha flavored beef with vermicelli noodles)salt and pepper shrimp
5	Chinese done right. The sweet and sour chicken was just perfect. Their crab puffs were unique and very tasty. Their prices are very fair, $5 for full plate during their lunch special. $7.25 any other time. The place is extremely clean and well taken care of. This is what I expect when I search for Chinese food.
5	Great Chinese food! Before you go, Google and print out their "secret" menu. If you don't, you'll be sorry. On the walls, they have a menu that's written only in Chinese; these items aren't on the regular menu. My husband and I always order the curry with pork, and the soy sauce duck. The flavor of the soy sauce duck is well balanced. They also have honey walnut prawns, which isn't always offered at other Chinese restaurants.
5	This place is fantastic. The Hong Kong special is out of this world good. I highly recommend it to everyone.
3	Had dinner here last night the orange chicken dinner combo was good and enough to feed 2, the Sing Hi Chicken was also tasty, I was warned that it would take 15mins to prepare which wasn't an issue but the chicken was only luke warm when I received it...the sauce  on it was delish.Had the hot & sour soup which had big chunks of tofu, plenty of pork pieces and a total of 6 large shrimp in it...again this was tasty, my only gripe is it only comes in 1 size...a large and a few of the shrimp weren't deveined.The waitress seemed very impatient and tried to rush me on more than one occasion when i had questions related to the menu, this wouldn't have been an issue if the place was bust but there was 2 tables there....and mine was one of them.Overall this place is a solid 3 but the service definitely takes a star away and while the food is good, it's not 4 star good. I'll return since this place is so close to home and my total dinner bill with tax came to a whopping $24.20, I'm just glad I know what to expect upon going.Here is the menu translation for the menus located on the walls of the place: http://phxfoodnerds.com/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=1006
2	Food quality pretty good and tons of choices. Location is sketchy. So many choices that you really need to be Chinese (or go with someone who is) to truly enjoy the place. I tried it based on the New Times recommendation. I have been twice with groups, so have had a chance to experience about 20 of their dishes. Hits and misses. Some dishes perfect, others too salty, too bland, etc. For example, I've never had better hot and sour soup (even when I was in China), but the duck dish was not so good. If you don't speak Chinese just be respectful and put yourself at the chef's mercy. Ask for whatever they are in the mood to make and you want the best authentic Chinese food you've ever had. You won't be disappointed because the price is reasonable given the quality of the ingredients and the dishes they are capable of making. With the right business partner King Wah could go upmarket and make a killing. First thing, review everything you think should be on the menu with a critic and only put what you're good at on the menu. You don't need to have every possible dish on the menu. Two, move to a location people aren't afraid to go to. Three re-name to something that sets you apart for every other dive Chinese take out place.
4	We had dinner last night, their pot stickers were very flavorful with a garlic sauce,.Their wanton soup is great with nine large  dumping.  Their to further is very fresh we also had their fish and Peapods. They also have a great Hong Kong friedrice
5	So, I came here after hearing that the fried chicken was phenomenal. The restaurant is kept nice and clean and we were greeted right away upon entering. We sat down right away and was given hot tea and menus. For the food we got, everything looks very reasonably priced with hearty portions! We ordered the fried tofu, beef with ginger and onions, Chinese broccoli, and the fried chicken. Wow! I loved all the menu items. Fried tofu was served with a crispy outside and very silky inside. The Chinese broccoli was al dente and the beef was very soft. The fried chicken was crispy and moist and served on a soy sauce sauce and it really was very delicious. The walls also had Chinese menu in characters which I think is a sign that this is is a legit place. I like it and will be back.
4	This place is a diamond in the rough. The neighborhood, not so good. The building, run down and dodgy. The Food, fantastic and delicious. The service, absolutely welcoming (this may be in part to the owners knowing my GF and her family).We ended up getting 3 dishes and I wish I could tell you what they were. However, I didn't order and everyone was speaking Cantonese so... We ended up getting a short-rib dish, a fried noodle dish and a beef and rice noodle dish.The short ribs were alright, they had a tasty, albeit very strong 5 spice seasoning to them and were a bit on the chewy side but the flavor was good.The Fried Noodle dish was very tasty. The noodles were fried separately from the rest of the dish so they retained a crunchiness while eating them, the bok choy and gravy were very complementary of the various meats in the dish.The spicy beef and rice noodle dish was ordered with some random greens added. I think they just threw in whatever was fresh. Either way, my brother and GF said they like that the best. The gravy was good and the beef was tasty. My favourite part was the choy sum, crunchy and delicious.The place was pretty full when we walked in and got pretty loud with the other two large groups. Once one of the groups left the noise level decreased exponentially and the owner came out and started chatting it up with everyone still dining.As stated in other reviews, there are many non-menu items/specials posted to the walls but they are all in Chinese so I will just leave that stuff to question (though they might be fun to try one day).
4	Their wanton soup is great  they are large and the soup is very flavorful.  Their Hong Kong fried rice is the best in town. Their eggs and shrimp is a great dish . Their long beans with garlic sauce was spicy and had
3	Not fancy, but clean and friendly. Dining room has two large tables with revolving servers in the center for group dining.I had Hong Kong style shrimp fried rice and sweet and sour pork, and asked for NOT spicy. They offer it as hot as you like.The fried rice is a meal in itself, with large pieces of scrambled egg and minced pork. the shrimp perfectly cooked. Not too much batter on the pork, which was also cooked through, but still tender.The two large plates and a can of Sprite ran $20 with tax. Not bad, considering I have dinner for tomorrow, too.
1	specifically ordered salt and pepper squid. we brought it to their attention and they kept forcing we ordered "fish",  instead of salt and pepper squid. um sorry no,  plus it was the fried catfish they serve at cheap buffets. we asked how much for this dish and was met with "around the same price"...... it was. 50 cents more and not even a sorry. my friend is allergic to catfish and he left itching lol.  plus even their tax was .40 cents more and you can't argue with them because the whole tab is written in Chinese. sigh, we're regulars too.
1	I saw a recommendation for this place in a Phoenix magazine so we decided to give it a try. We ordered dinner combos with orange chicken and Kung pao chicken. We were extremely disappointed. Not only was the food made of low quality it had horrible flavor. This is by far one of the worst Chinese food places we have tried.
5	Excellent........absolutely excellent, get the traditional menu not the Americanized menu. Thank me later.
4	Some of the best Chinese anywhere  quite simply we have never had a bad dish here. Try the duck soup; seriously the best soup in town. The do a fantastic shrimp salad, but you have to per-order. The ambiance is blah, but the staff is very nice.
1	The one star is for the rude ness of the owner and I assume his wife. Tried getting some information on what some of the times were and what was in it. They seemed very put out we were trying to place a to go order. The place was empty so there should not be rushed. After we asked about a few things he was sitting down by the register and then started talking In Chinese to the lady. He started razing his voice and she told us he didn't want to sell to us. What why??? She just said he said no.
5	We finally found a Chinese restaurant we like in PHX. I'm a difficult customer, because I have lots of allergies and am vegan. The first question our waitress asked was if any of us were vegan or had allergies. Even if the food was horrible, they had me for life with that one question. However, the steamed vegetables they brought me were done to perfection. Usually, a plate of steamed vegetables is a pile of onions and a token piece of broccoli--not here. I was served a variety of 6 different veggies. The portion was so generous, I took half home. My son, mother, and step-father all LOVED their non-vegan choices with my mother taking their offer of the chef's surprise special of the day. Three days later, I went back with my husband, 2 sons, and DIL for an equally delightful and delicious spread. To top it off, the prices are more than reasonable. In fact, I'd say they are on the low side. Finally, the place was clean and friendly.
