5	In a nutshell:  go!  But take out a second mortgage first!  :-)We had the chef's tasting menu.  If you think hoity toity restaurants don't give you enough food, you're gonna love Tableau.  Though I'm not a huge eater, I have earned enough remarks on how such a skinny guy can eat so much.  By the time we're done with all seven courses, I was completely ready to throw in the napkin, if not actually throw up in it.  Everything was very good and there were only one or two rough spots, though it won't be much of a stretch to forgive Tableau for those.The amuse bouche was a mouthful of white bean and bacon soup.  Too bad it was an amuse bouche 'cause we've loved some more!  The first course was a "club sandwich" of smoked salmon w/ dill cream, paired with a tiny cup of white onion soup topped w/ a dollop of creme fraiche, both with a touch of caviar.  Mmmm... good!Then it was grilled foie gras on a maple walnut beignet.  Here's one of the rough spot, if you can call it that:  they could have cut back a bit on the foie gras.  It was a pretty big piece.  Following that is another small rough spot:  seared scallops w/ frog leg risotto.  The scallop was *EVER* so slightly overdone.  Not enough to be chewy, but it definitely should have been more tender.  The frog leg risotto was the dish's saving grace, creamy, fluffy, beautifully seasoned.Then it was the "surf and turf" portion of the menu:  black pepper crusted (yeah, I know, a bit cliche'ed) ahi tune steak on navy beans a broccoli rabe.  The tuna would seem a tad too salty, but was perfect when paired with the beans and the rabe.  The "turf" was a filet migon, again a tad on the "healthy" side size-wise, with sauteed pearl onions, atop two cute little oxtail stuffed canelloni.  Extremely clever!By now, my wife was on the verge of passing out from all the food.  And she didn't even finish her tuna or her steak, leaving half of each.  And she's not a light eater, neither!  I was almost done as well, secretly hoping that the closing two courses would be either mercifully small or not so great, or both, so I wouldn't have to eat 'em all!No such luck:  the "fruit & cheese" course was a pear walnut tart, with a piece of a fairly smelly but oh-so-delish cheese.  The dessert course:  my word!  It was: Frangelico creme brulet, Godiva peanut butter chocolate mousse, and maple syrup icecream.  I have *NO* sweet tooth at all, yet I finished everything, that's how good the dessert was.The fun touches were:  Tableau is accessible only through the "lobby" entrance to Wynn's suites: we were greeted with supremely appropriate doses of deference, respect, and helpfulness;  tiny low stool/footrest that the wait staff would position next to each woman, so she has a place for her purse;  a "foodie" wait staff:  out waiter had eaten at the fabled "The French Laundry"!
4	Basically the best breakfast I've ever experienced! I was planning on attending the Wynn Buffet, however the hour long wait was unbearable after a night of drinking. Someone recommended Tableau so I decided to take a look at their menu. The whole thing was just elegant and relaxing. You can sit inside or opt to be seated outside; looking over the pool area.    I ordered the breakfast meal that included:coffee, juice, pastries, eggs, toast or English muffin, bacon, and YUMMY hashed potatoes balls. Loved it and would highly recommend this spot. Pricey for a breakfast. My meal was $26.   Wish I had more time to try their dinner!
3	I had the vegetarian tasting menu (fine) and the BF had a different tasting menu.  We had a lovely table, and they automaticaly seated us side-by-side (I liked that), and the staff was great.  I give it three stars because I liked some of my courses (there were blossoms filled with goat cheese that were terrific) but I just was not impressed.  The only fancy meal I've ever enjoyed in Vegas is Picasso.  As I have said in other reviews, I generally am unimpressed with high-end restaurants.  I think it's because they are stuck with a menu and not changing it daily based on what's at the market.  Unspired.
5	The 110 degree heat in Vegas is the only thing that can make me lose my appetite, but luckily the dungeness crab club at lunch was there to rescue me. It also encouraged me to return for dinner the following night, which was one of the best meals I have ever enjoyed. I had the dungeness crab ravioli with lemon emulsion - sense a theme here? It was a perfectly balanced dish - the creaminess was tempered by the citrus and was by far the best dish we had that night. My second was a duck breast wrapped in bacon. And anyone who knows me will tell you that if you wrap something in bacon I will eat it and be thrilled. So don't follow the Vegas hype to the trendier restaurants. At Tableau the decor is beautiful (my purse enjoyed its own private divan), and the service was spectacular and un-fussy. Tableau feels like an extension of someone's home, only with much better food.
5	Tableau offers American cuisine by chef Mark LoRusso. I've had dinner here once, lunch once, and breakfast four times.The dinner menu offers a wide choice of New American cooking. I'd call it fancy but not flashy. Breakfast and lunch are much simpler, but with a few fancy touches.The room is quiet and formal. Tables are widely spaced, with long white table cloths and a single orchid in a bud vase, and sprays of Phalaenopsis orchids decorate the room. Soft music plays in the background. Service is efficient and attentive. In general, service has been friendly and efficient. Sadly, my lunch at Tableau was an exception. When it was time for the check, my server disappeared. I waited and waited and waited, even looking for someone else to help, but with no success. I finally felt it necessary to go to the hostess, and ask what had happened. My server never returned; someone else brought the check.** DINNER - TASTING MENUThe tasting menu is a good way to sample the best of what Tableau has to offer. I'm not much of a drinker, but decided to get the wine pairing as well.* Prior to ordering, the chef sent out as an amuse bouche a small sample of cream of potato and chorizo soup. It was full of potato flavor, with a hint of chorizo.* Osetra Caviar Trio. Each of the three items had a small amount of caviar on top: (1) a shot glass of potato soup, with creme fraiche on top, was thick and rich, served cold; good-very good; (2) traditional garnish of creme fraiche, chopped hard boiled egg and chopped onion, all in a china spoon; very good; (3) a scallop cooked on the medium side; very good.* Crab Minestrone. A clear soup with zucchini, beans, and lots of crab. The soup had a lot of flavor, the zucchini was crunchy, the beans were firm, the crab was sweet and firm.* Tasting of Foie Gras. A medium thick steak served on creamed corn. The foie gras was seared on the outside, and had a good flavor, but wasn't as good as at the top places in town.This was this point at which I realized the generous wine pours were getting me drunk. I would drink only a fraction of each glass hereafter. However, it was too late. I would fall asleep several times. I think the server caught me once ("Sir? SIR?").* Pan Roasted Halibut. The fish was firm, cooked through but still moist. Outstanding flavor.* Prime Filet. The steak was good, but nowhere near as good as at SW Steakhouse.* Camembert. Nutty, bitter. I'm not a Camembert fan, so I rate it Fair.* Selection of Desserts: (1) Roasted banana ice cream had a strong banana flavor; very good. (2) Vanilla pot de creme was like pudding, but so much better. (3) Chocolate souffl was not the best I've had, but was still very good.Overall, a very good meal indeed. Beware the generous wine pours!** LUNCHMy only lunch at Tableau was a Dungeness Crab Club Sandwich. In lots of little ways, it was executed very well. The sourdough bread - all three layers - was nicely toasted and had very good flavor. It was firm enough to hold up as a triple decker sandwich, but still soft enough to be easily bitten through. The crab meat was plentiful and tasty. In addition, there were avocado slices, sprouts, sun dried tomatoes, and bacon. Somehow or other, I was able to eat this sandwich without having the contents spill out all over the place. Spiced French fries were served on the side, and were pretty good. Well done!** BREAKFASTMy breakfasts were:* Banana French Toast, made with raisin brioche and a layer of mashed bananas. The french toast was very good - crispy on the outside, soft inside. However, I thought the banana flavor was too strong, overpowering the rest. Chicken and apple sausage was surprisingly good.* Banana Ricotta Pancakes with Walnut Honey Butter. They were light to medium in texture, with a moderate banana flavor. They were pretty good, but not special.* Poached eggs and duck hash. This was actually part of the weekend brunch menu, but I ate early. The dish consisted of 2 poached eggs on top of a hash of shredded, slightly crisp duck meat, and fried finely diced potatoes. It was delicious.* Kobe short ribs and eggs. Two very attractive stacks, each consisting of: a round, thick, fried potato cake, greasy but good; shredded braised short ribs (very good flavor); gently cooked scrambled egg; a small amount of tangy barnaise sauce. It's very, very rich, but excellent. My favorite breakfast at Tableau.When I first ate dinner at Tableau, I knew I had just had a very good meal. The food wasn't flashy, but it was very good. Lunch was also very good. Breakfast was a harder sell. I think that part of the problem is that I'm very pedestrian in my tastes with respect to pancakes, French toast, and the like: keep 'em plain, just butter and a little syrup. I had a similar reaction to the highly praised French toast at Bouchon. As long as I stay away from sweet starchy breakfasts, I've been very happy with Tableau.
3	Had a wonderful meal here at lunch one day - almost went back there for dinner the next but ran out of time.  Service was good, food was simple but very tasty.  ...and even though it was a casual little restaurant - people came in shorts and sneakers, the ambiance is classy but not stuffy like what you might expect.I only realized this restaurant was opened for their tower suite guests for breakfast and lunch when we left the hotel and returned home!  So nobody said anything to us... but still, they sure know how to make you feel 'included' even though you're also staying at their hotel and spending so much money gambling there... that's why I removed one whole star.  We were there for lunch nonetheless... but only 'coz we didn't know.Their tuna tartare and corn chowder were wonderful.  The dungeness crab club - YUM - tho' I couldn't finish it after the tuna tartare... so I got to doggy bag it.  The husband had the steak sandwich with polenta onion rings - yums too!  Like Cynthia said, familiar food just kicked up ten notches.I could eat here everyday!!  ...and yes, was impressed by the bag stools too! :D
5	Tableau is the cute restaurant poolside at the Wynn, and i have to say, i love this place.  Chef Mark LoRusso is great.  The service is excellent, our waiter was so on top of it, i could have dropped my napkin and he would have caught it before it hit the ground.  They also have little chairs for your handbags so you dont put them on the ground, because its bad luck! Haha, they have fresh watermelon juice in the morning! That was fun, and if youre there for breakfast, order a side of the potatoes.  Not only was it visually amusing, but everything tasted great.  I would go here again in a heartbeat.
4	I left this establishment very impressed.  The service was on par with some of the most expensive restaurants I have been to without the corresponding exorbitantly priced food.  My family enjoyed a delightful brunch here, and I really can't recommend it enough.  The menu was varied and wide ranging, truly a comprehensive list that everyone could enjoy.  The wine/champagne was not as reasonably priced as I would like, but given the price and quality of the food... there are absolutely no complaints here.  The blueberry ricotta pancakes, and smoke salmon dishes were quite good.  The NY steak sandwich was so so.  If you must entertain a large party, this really is the place to do it.  All your guests will feel like they just had a lavish brunch; however, your wallet will thank you (surprising given its location in the Wynn).For all the praise, one might wonder, "Why only four stars then?"  Well, I dunno how to say this... purse stands.  There are friggin' stands for your purses!  A little stand the waiter brings over, so your purse can rest upon it.  The seating was divine (the round room looking at the pool area), the table setting was beautiful, the shades and decorations pleasant to all, but lo and behold to truly capture the "elegance", purse stands are provided.
5	My second best meal in Vegas on my last trip, I'd have to say Tableau really surprised me for the quality of food and actual reasonable prices given the ingredients.I had a Kobe shredded beef piled on top of crispy potato pancakes and egg on top with a bearnaise sauce.  My wife, however, had the dungeness crab sandwich which was just unbelievable.I was dressed casually and didn't feel one bit out of place.  My wife and I wandered aroiund the pool area for a bit afterward to check out the hotel....we stayed at the Venetian, but given what we saw at the Wynn, it's very likely we'll stay there next!
3	I was disappointed in the food at Tabeau--I give it 3 stars because I had an awesome martini and dessert there, but our entrees were uninspiring.  A friend and I had the Potato crushed Dover Sole which was pretty nondescript. Two others had the red snapper, and both came highly recommended by are jovial server. No skirts were blown that is for sure. Now the Trio of pie dessert was fabulous.A couple other points:We had coat problems too. The hostess rested them on the back on our chairs but two of us were on a couch ah..guess I will use it as a Napkin.Same issues with our bags--we were not offered a holder and other--much richer looking diners did. Who knows, maybe they only have 5 holders, but everyone who had one was in Haute Coutour for sure. I guess my Diesel jeans ans Burberry sweater was too causal.  I might go back to try the breakfast but hey--Bouchon rocks that pretty well.
2	I came here twice for lunch since we had a suite at the Wynn Tower Suites.  Inside was nice since it was right next to the pool.  Other than that, the service and food were average.  My first lunch I think it was our waiter's first day.  He refilled my CEO's Pelligrino with tap water haha.   The waiter also seemed quite awkward and nervous.   My second time there, our waiter was not very attentive.  I would expect a higher calibur of service from such an expensive restaurant like that.Chicken and something- man, it was that unmemorable.  I do remember the chicken was dry and that the sauce was overpowering like a hoisin sauce.  Yeck.Seared ahi- this dish was goodLobster salad- great pieces of lobster, the rest of the salad was a little lacking in flavorClam Chowder- they put like 6 pieces of clam in a bowl and take a pitcher and fill in the broth.  It was weird...and not good.Scallops and shredded beef- that was the weirdest combination I've ever had.  Gross.*No, I did NOT order all those dishes, but we all shared and ate off each other's plates.  haha. I would not come here again.  Spend your money at the blackjack tables instead!  ;)
4	This restaurant is hidden towards the Tower Suites reception area.  It used to be only reserved for guests of the Tower Suites (don't like that kind of thing), but has since been opened to everyone.  I ordered the roast chicken, something I never do in restaurants, because I'm afraid it will be dry.  I just needed something lighter that night.  This dish is far from what I expected.  It was wonderfully juicy and tender with an almost sweet sauce that just brought the dish together.  Our waiter was friendly and chatty.  I know nothing about wines, but  we were celebrating our anniversary, so I decided to have a glass.  I described to him what I like and he brought me a glass of liquid heaven.  WOW.  I enjoyed it so much, I asked him to write down the name for me.   He even brought me the bottle to show me what it looked like so I could find it in the store.  Very nice.It's a beautiful restaurant with partial views of the elaborate pool area.  Looks almost like the living room of a chateau transformed into a restaurant.  The decor is very unique, but it's a bit stuffy - like you're afraid to laugh too loudly when you're there.  Or if you drop your fork, you almost want to apologize for the noise.  The food is good, and I do recommend it, but it's more of a private, special occasion type place.
4	Went there for brunch. You are overlooking the poolside with a beach umbrella over your head . Waitresses in poolside attire elegantly serve you. How can you go wrong?Must get: Kobe Short Ribs and Eggs w/  Scrambled eggs, potato cakes, barnaise sauce $19
3	Lunch is not so greatI went with one of our sales guys to a conference last week at LV.  He booked us a lunch reservation at the Tableau having just eaten there for dinner the night before.  He was raving about it, but after we finished lunch there, he reluctantly admitted that it wasn't great and that dinner was much better.  We had clam chowder, which was OK; the bits of celery were unconventional, and quite frankly, not that good.  I had a pepper fennel crusted ahi tuna, where again, the cracked fennel seeds were an unconventional topping for tuna and overwhelmed the tuna's delicate taste.The restaurant itself is beautiful and elegant, a great place to go for a romantic meal, or to impress a client.  It was also quiet with not much foot traffic - a rarity in LV.  So I'd be willing to go back there, but only to try their dinner menu.
5	This is the nicest of the Wynn restuarants that I've dined at and apparently it has an incredible view of the pool during the day but I went for dinner instead.  Seated with a friend of mine (who received a small chair/cushion to place her purse on which was pretty cool) we both decided on ordering the prix fixe menu and continued to receive about 5 awesome courses of delicatible 3 to 4 bite-size gourmet dishes over about a 2 hour period.  We also opted for the wine pairing which I highly recommend.  If you want to have a great high-end meal and be treated with great service (it almost feels like each table is paired with its own personal server), this is one of those Vegas dining experiences you need to try...4.5 stars for the food and service and an extra half for the purse stool which'll score any guy free pts.
4	Tableau was a pleasant and much needed break from the loud and the neon .  We went there for brunch and sat on the patio which overlooked a highly manicured garden and small pool (built in entertainment included 50 something fat mob type with very young and very large fake boobed girlfriend who was obviously practically having sex with him in the pool at 11:30 in the morning because they connect spiritually).  What do you expect?  Anyways, beside that- this place was pretty good.The service was very professional and competent, albeit a tad snooty.  I started with a bib salad on a bed of prosciutto garnished with pistachio encrusted spears of asparagus.Then, being hungover and ravenous, could not resist the Kobe burger.  YUM.  Cooked medium rare, juicy, tender and flavorful.  It came with fries but I subbed for the chick pea onion rings.  SUPER crispy!  The ultimate indulgence.Since my main man has been on an eggs benedict quest of sorts for a couple of years now- when he saw braised Kobe short rib eggs benedict on the menu, he almost had an aneurysm.   Needless to say, he found these quite satisfactory.
3	I made the decision to try out every restaurant at the Wynn.  How impressive was Tableau?  I don't even remember what I ate there, and it was just 3 months ago.  Is it one of the nicest restaurants at the Wynn?  Sure.  It has a nice, quiet ambiance, very sophisticated, very quiet.  Will you see any obnoxious frat boys or wannabe Gordon Geckos there?  Nope.  Is it a nice place to take your wife on your anniversary?  Yup.  It's an elegant restaurant that will impress that special someone in your life.  But is the food memorable?  Not even close.OK, ok, I had the prime filet.  I've had better...SW @ the Wynn was obviously better too.  My buddy at the halibut....he enjoyed his meal, but again, nothing where he was talking about it the next work day.  My other friend had the 7-course chef's meal...but his opinion doesn't matter, since he's a fancy-schmancy dude who's been to Aqua, French Laundry, etc, etc.  Overall, we were pleased with the meal, but not impressed.Look, I'm not one of those freaks on After Hours with Daniel (go mojo channel), comparing foreplay to appetizers and orgasms to banana ice cream....even though I'm a big fan of banana-flavored anything, so I did enjoy their roasted banana ice cream.  I'm just a regular joe-schmoe who occasionally attempts to be fancy, who attempts to step up the dining sophistication level a bit.  And I don't go to Vegas for the dining......that's #4 or #5 on my TO-DO list.....but I do want to have good food while I'm there.The Wynn restaurants are really interesting......it's almost like you'll always spend $390 for 3 people there....the bill almost always comes out to that.  Whether it's the SW, Country Club, Tableau, Okada (good sake), Wing Lei (with serious alcohol), or Corsa Cuccina (with serious wine), the bill always comes out to $390.  Kinda scary.Like most of the restaurants at the Wynn, it's over-rated and over-hyped.  3-star rating in my opinion, but some will add another 1 star because of the environment and the "Wynn" factor.
4	Who has the most fabulous brunch in town? Tableau or Bouchon? I had these two back to back (saturday/sunday) last weekend and I'm going to have to give Bouchon the crown! That being said, this place is excellent.Tableu breakfast.. $25pp, comes with coffee, your choice of juice (they have exotic juices like watermelon and carrot if you're into that), toast, eggs, bacon, and a basket of mini pastries.Basket of pastries was good, but cold.. I'm kind of into warm bread, so this was a disappointment. They had some cool things like white chocolate and orange muffin, but none were nearly as good as the pastries at Bouchon. This is where they lose the star.Atmosphere is fab, and service was quick... almost too quick! We were in and out of there in  under 30 minutes. I guess that's a good thing if you have a conference to catch or something?
5	See profile site for full review with formatted pics.Chatting on his Vertu in a strange language (something arabic I believe) I couldn't help but notice my neighbor's Constantin Patrimony Series watch flashing in the sunlight of Tableau's patio...clearly there was money around. When the waiter arrived to refill his water and asked if he could get the check the man pulled out a money clip, peeled off two $100 bills and said "that should cover it" before getting up and walking away...the man had ordered a fruit plate. Tucked away in the gardens and pools of the Wynn Tableau is both rich and beautiful in appearance, much like its patrons. Sure I didn't expect low quality from Steve Wynn, but to say the clientele of Tableau was "well to do" would be a vast understatement.Arriving at 7:45am I was greeted by the gorgeous lobby and the gracious hostess who asked whether I would prefer dining indoors or on the patio. As the patio was amply shaded and most of the patrons were outside I chose the patio and was subsequently offered a copy of the Wallstreet Journal, New York Times, or USA Today to browse. Seeing the headlines regarding the USC upset, I opted for the USA Today (clearly indicating my status compared to the rest of the diners who sat browsing the Times or Journal) and chose a wonderful table half sunny/half shaded with a great view of the pool and gardens. Water was filled and the menu was delivered while the waiter went to get my coffee.Browsing the menu I was instantly captured by the pastry basket and the Peach pancakes, but not being hungry enough for both decided to ask the waiter what was available in the basket. Approximately 10 items were rattled off including an apricot tart, apple scone, and nectarine turnover. When I asked if pastries could be ordered individually it was explained that these were 'petite' pastries and if I wanted to try only one it would be free of charge. "A nectarine turnover and the peach pancakes, please." "Certainly, sir."While I waited for my food I stood up and roamed the pools and gardens. Approximately 20 people were present at the time, all dressed either business casual or semi-formal and all dining on items ranging from the freshest appearing fruits to pastries to eggs and sausage that looked incredible. When I returned to my table (my tableau?) my coffee was waiting along with cream and sugar/spelda/equal. No nutrasweet was to be seen and when asked I was informed "Mr Wynn does not fancy nutrasweet." Fair enough (for what it is worth, Alex also didn't have Nutrasweet but noted they could obtain it immediately if I desired.)After approximately 10 minutes a fantastic yet dainty apricot turnover arrived fresh from the oven. Crispy, flaky, loaded with fresh nectarines it was the perfect opener to the meal and I'd have certainly enjoyed many more had I ordered the basket. Another 10 minutes and a laugh at the Trojans passed, my coffee was refilled once, and then my pancakes emerged from the kitchen.Described in the menu as Ricotta Peach Pancakes with lime butter and organic maple syrup, nothing could've prepared me for these pancakes. Fluffy and light, airy yet moist, sweet yet savory and absolutely jammed with fresh skinned peaches, the dish was presented with a simple dusting of powdered sugar, a side-pitcher of warm syrup, and a dollop on the side that tasted like a fresh key lime dissolved in butter. Having tried Ricotta Pancakes only once before but any number of stellar pancakes in the past, this dish was a revolution and I truly sat and savored each bite. Sure, $14 for three pancakes is not a bargain, but $14 for breakfast bliss? That is a bargain.When I finished my pancakes and resisted the urge to lick my plate clean my waiter arrived and asked if he could get me anything else. "Perhaps a coffee to go?" "....don't twist my arm....how about another turnover too?" "Certainly, sir." While I didn't tip $185 like my neighbor, I certainly wish I could have.On my way out everyone was very friendly, from the other waiters to the hostess, making each guest feel like their visit was truly valued. I was even invited to return for dinner, but when I told the hostess we had reservations for Alex that evening she noted "oh, excellent choice, perhaps some other time." All told the meal was fantastic and on par with Bouchon in terms of quality, presentation, and service. Go early, sit on the patio, eat, smile, and enjoy the richness of the food and the clientele...even if you yourself aren't rich...sometimes it's fun to see how the upper crust lives.
4	Dinner at Tableau http://thesoloreviewer.blogspot.com/I dined at Tableau twice during my recent trip to Las Vegas, once for breakfast and once for dinner, and to be honest I don't know why I decided to go here for dinner but I was glad I did. Tableau doesn't often get talked about past breakfast which is why I was intrigued to dine here for dinner. Upon arrival I was seated in there main dining room which is a very small and intimate dining room. The windows were wide open and the nice nightly breeze was coming in. Once seated the bread came. This was much different from the ordinary bread basket. It featured a nice dinner roll in a small little pot. Its your ordinary dinner roll but reminded much of the ones we use to have at dinner growing up!I went with the tasting menu but had to stop half way because just like Le Cirque the portions are way to big which would be the only downfall in this restaurant even though some may like the large portions I'm a little guy and can only hold so much before I have to throw in the flag. The amuse was fried Cod, much like Bouchon Bistros Beignets de Brandade de Morue, over a bed of balsamic seasoned spinach. I found it to be much better than Bouchons version. It was full of Cod which was the ingredient that stood out the most because had a nice light texture that I found to be a nice little starter and the balsamic added a nice rich dark complex of sweetness to it!The first dish was the dish everyone was talking about. The Dungeness Crab Ravioli which featured a lemon emulsion flavor. WOW this dish was FULL of fresh and perfectly cooked Crab with a Delicious burst of lemon flavor. I loved the dish and I can see why everyone talks about it. Next up was the Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras with glazed black mission figs, upland cress salad and red currant gastric. Now the foie gras was on top of a piece of toast that at first I found to be unnecessary but I put a little foie gras and fig on top just to try it out and It was perfect! I love figs and these were sublime. It doesn't get any better than Hudson Valley foie gras either! The red currant added a nice sweet jelly type taste to the figs. Overall a great dish with flavors that paired very well with each other.Next was the Grilled Free Range Duck Breast with sweet potato-pecan hash, stewed stone fruits, and wild flower honey just. This was my first time having duck. It was cooked medium and had a good texture without being to gamy. I LOVE sweet potato's and found the hash to be absolutely delish! The stone fruits and honey just added just amount of sweetness to the duck and the flavors all popped out and you could taste each and everyone of them in every bite! But as you can tell this is no tasting menu sized portion which left me to stop here. The portions are large for a tasting menu.Of course I couldn't leave without desert. I was presented with a desert trio. A blueberry shortbread sandwich that was to die for. So light and creamy!! My mouth melts when I think about it. A strawberry milkshake. Tasted like one of my protein shakes I drink which I do not like. Last but not least peach cobbler that was slightly warm with the ice cream slowly melting on top and tasted FABULOUS!Overall this was a great meal. I was seated next to a group of rich older foodies that I overheard talking how this is one of there favorite restaurants! I would agree. If they made there tasting menu portions much smaller I think this place could get a Michelin Star in the future because the Chef is very talented and the service was top class! They give the ladies a little stool for there purse which I'm sure all the ladies out there would appreciate. The tasting menu features some of the best ingredients and is a bargain compared to some other places at the Wynn. This is a place I would return to in a heartbeat!
5	I went to Tableau on the recommendation of two friends who had eaten brunch there the previous day - and who wanted our whole group to go back for lunch before we left Vegas.  Vegas has a lot of restaurants (in case you didn't know) so the fact that these two felt strongly about eating at the same spot twice in a three day trip bode well for our meal.And holy moly roly poly.  I'd eat here every day if I could.  First of all, the place is darling.  It feels intimate and the decor is vaguely dollhouse, a great spot for a fancy tea party.  Or brunch, I suppose.  The service - stellar.  The presentation is sweet, with bread in individual tins and hot chocolate served in a fancy pot.  But most important - the food is superb!  I started with a warm portobello mushroom soup that was poured out of a beautiful little teapot over some little lobster raviolis.  This is one of the best soups I've ever had the pleasure of planting my face in, with deep flavor and that perfect buttony mushroom texture.  After polishing that off like a starved orphan, I moved on to an outstanding steak salad with balsamic, blue cheese, bacon, and more mushrooms.  That was another clean plate.  I finished out the meal (hey, it was my last of the trip, don't judge) with a gorgeous parfait with plenty of berries and lemon custard that was out of this world.  My friends all seemed to enjoy their food as well, and the miscellaneous bites I stole were all fantastic.  I will also mention that the fries are great, and the homemade ketchup (in which you can actually see tiny seeds!) is really several cuts above the bottled stuff.  Definitely give this place a go.  I can't wait to go back.
4	after all the glowing reviews, i had to try tableau out for breakfast.  i was not disappointed!!  my friend and i sat in the sun room which had almost a panoramic view of the garden/pool area...the day was kind of chilly, but the sun coming in from the windows was pleasantly warming.i made my friend (with only a little resistance) order the short ribs and i ordered the huckleberry buttermilk pancakes.  the braised short ribs are perched on a round of crispy hash potato with soft scrambled eggs, bernaise sauce and garnished with chives. i couldn't decide which i liked more...my deliciously fluffy pancake or the short ribs...definitely a treat...even my purse got special treatment...our server brought out a little thingie (don't know w hat it's called) to sit my purse ontip:  if you have breakfast here, plan to skip lunch =)
4	Kobe burger was awesomeFries were soggy and had to be sent back (Second batch much better)Service was good
5	Loved EVERY thing about it.  I am not a big meat eater but my husband and I decided to have their burger for lunch.  It was huge and amazing.  The decor and atmosphere was just beautiful.  The staff was sweet as pie.  I also had the carmalized yams.....Yummy!!!  Worth every penny.  Sure $16 for a burger is a bit much, but when you on vacation and you are in Vegas, who cares.  Life is short so spend it if you can.I will be back in Vegas in a couple of weeks and will be trying the breakfast.
2	If you want to eat in the sunshine, in January - be sure you're done eating by 1pm.  The sun slipped behind the hotel just a few minutes after we arrived (booo)We came here during brunch but really were not happy with that menu.  After pleading our case, the server came back from the kitchen with the usual menu.    The service was ok.  I asked the hostess if she could put together a small toiletries bag for my mom, the birthday girl - and she said no.  Who would say no?   Isnt this Las Vegas???There were maybe 1/4 of the tables full inside and out. All my mom really wanted for her birthday was a nice steak.  What we ended up with was some tough stripp steak.   My mom and I both just wanted simply a steak, veggies and potatoes.  While it looked great - it did not meet our expetations.  The potato cakes were all right, seems that they come in frozen, seriously. They serve a nice yeast roll here, but they put it in a popover pan which is totally unattractive.  I'd rather a roll on a plate in this case.The orange frenchtoast with macadamia butter was acceptable.All in all, there were some scallops on the menu I think I would rather have had and I dont even like scallops.  Regardless of what we did or didnt order, no matter what menu we used - EVERYONE in the kitchen should be able to pick a steak.Our steaks differed by about 3oz between mine and my momma's.
3	Definitely a pretty setup. The restaurant was a little fancier than I thought it would be for lunch. Service was a little slow, but I had gotten use to this by now in Vegas.  I feel like I'm always begging to get my water filled at half these restaurants.As far as the food, the bread they bought out in the little pans was adorable and very very tasty (and carbs were much needed at this point).  I had the scallops for my main course. They were good but a tiny portion. Just know that if you are going to get them you likely want to get an app too.
3	i tried the breakfast/brunch (~10am) about 6 months ago. the dining room was nicely decorated. the food was not awesome as the reviews made it out to be. It was good but at those price the food wasn't special. Service was okay again not memorable. I did remember the restaurant was empty (3 ~ 4 tables had customers).
4	I cannot emphasize how much I truly love breakfast. LOVE. Not just any Denny's breakfast (ok, IHOP is pretty fabulous), but the contemporary, quality brunches. Oysters, fresh squeezed juice, hot brioche bread, blueberry pear pancakes and kobe short ribs over potatoes. Sit outside for brunch in the patio under an umbrella and overlook the Bellagio's beautiful pools. It'll make you just want to quit your job to be a beach bum in the Bahamas. Except you know that if you do you wouldn't be able to afford this delicious $40 meal.My only issue is that the service was really slow but it could've been because of the gigantic party of Asians in the private room that caused this delay. No points docked for my people celebrating Chinese New Year's.
5	I ate breakfast here twice during our stay. I love love love the lox bagel! It's so good!The potatoes are very awesome as well. They are kind of like mochi. chewy and yummyi didnt try it but i heard the apple pomegranate juice is great too
4	went for breakfast. avoided the horrible buffet crowds. kobe short ribs. boo-yah.
4	It is very pricey for a breakfast/brunch place but if you can afford it, its worth it.  The corn chowder soup was so good!  I had the eggs benedict once which was very tasty and another time had the crab sandwich.  They really gave you a lot of crab and I loved cramming huge mouthfuls of crab into my mouth.  For those of you high rollers who get comped, this place is a must!
3	Where's MY bread?We actually had a great time over some great food in this hidden little restaurant, until the bread fiasco.We were seated in the atrium overlooking the pool area for our lunch. The atrium was full with about 5 other couples, but the rest of the place was empty. Quiet & cozy. A good break from the bustle of Vegas. Some Merlot, a bottle of Pellegrino, a pina colado (not for me, surprisingly). We were hungry and the wait was average, so as we waited, we noticed the small plates for bread. Thought it was odd that there were no pre-meal dishes. But no one else had bread so maybe it was just for brunch. I decided to indulge in a little red meat while I was out of town & had the filet of beef, which was a small filet mignon with mushrooms, spinach, crisped onions, stacked on a marinated bread. Wonderful and intricate. A perfect portion, unlike some Vegas meals which stuff you past walking capability. My guy had a lobster salad which he relayed was divine. Veggie stir-fry & quinoa as sides.At this point, the table next to us asked for some bread for their party. The server came out with rolls in individual baking dishes... for the entire room... except our table. The table to my right was waiting for their dessert, and got bread. The table behind me was enjoying their entrees, and got bread. The table past the table to our left (which asked for the bread) had just been seated, and got bread. WTF!We ordered and ate our Mini Pie Trio, paid our $150 lunch bill, and left feeling slighted.
5	This place definitely lives up to its name and popularity, and deserves its 5-star rating.  We were comped our meals and looking for a place to eat, and after one look at this place, we instantly chose it for lunch.  They have a very unique polygonal room at the end of the restaurant and that is where we chose to sit.  On a nice day, they do have service outside along the terrace which is wonderful, but that day was cold so we opted to stay inside.Service was good enough in the beginning.  We ordered the seared sea scallops, caesar salad, yellowfin tuna tartare and the steak.  They came out with fresh bread and butter and the bread was individually baked and presented.  That in itself deserves the 5-star rating.  Next we were presented with our main courses, but they somehow forgot about the tuna tartare.  The steak was medium rare, cooked perfectly over polenta.  The sea scallops (5) were also perfectly cooked and with a nice tangy salad in the middle.  My Caesar salad had whole romaine leaves and the perfect amoutn of dressing was added.  The bread croutons and saved cheese was also tasty.  My tuna tartare came out very late, but definitely well worth the wait.  Large chunks of tuna with mango and avocado and hot sauce was absolutely amazing.I really can't forget the tuna tartare, and I kept raving about it at Vegas.  I was told by our server that Steve Wynn himself orders double orders of the tuna whenever he stays in the hotel.Tuna Tartare = $24Steak = $22Seared Sea Scallops = $27Caesar Salad = $14
5	Absolutely loved this restaurant.  Beautiful open restaurant with windows and flowers everywhere.  Having lunch here was very pleasant.  Their mimosas are just perfect - not too strong and not too sweet but just enough to make you feel good.  Make sure you get the bread.  It is freshly made and my goodness it is awesome.  I had 2.5 of these before my lunch (yellowfin tuna tartare) came.  After having had the Wynn breakfast buffet, I wanted something light for lunch.  The tuna tartare was the best lunch I had while in Vegas.  I only wish I had discovered Tableau before our last day in Vegas.  I would have eaten there everyday!
4	we stayed at the encore and were offered generous breakfast comps.  we found tableau on the restaurant list and decided to eat there.  the setup is super cute since its right alongside the pools.  we sat in the atrium area which was well lit.  the only bad thing is that when the atrium area is at full capacity, all the sound from all 10 different conversations resonates in the area and makes it really loud.the food was AMAZING.  i ordered the lobster bisque and the lobster salad.  i guess i was on a lobster frenzy w/a generous breakfast comp!  the bisque was very creamy and delicious.  the salad came with a pretty generous portion of lobster w/claw meat and all!  the fiance ordered the crab sandwich which was unanimously voted the BEST crab sandwich all of us ever tasted!  my sister and her family ordered the french toast and continental breakfast which really wasn't spectacular at all -- comparable to something u can get at IHOP but at a much higher price.the service wasn't all too great until mr. steven wynn himself sat two tables away from us.  it was then that we noticed our waiter became MUCH more attentive and on top of his game.the moral of the story is:1) wear earmuffs if you're going to sit in the atrium2) for brunch don't order the regular breakfast foods -- go for the gold!!3) situate yourself in the vicinity of mr. wynn for the BEST service :)
2	Yet another disappointment from Wynn. Much like the hotel itself, we thought Tableau was completely over-rated. We came here for brunch after reading all the reviews and were expecting great things, but were disappointed. We were seated outside, overlooking the pool, so that was nice. However, it was 100+ outside and the misters at our table were the only ones on the entire patio that weren't working. We actually waited for a good 10 minutes before our server, Evan even asked us what we wanted to drink. When I asked about the misters, he gave me a smart remark. We brushed it off and placed our orders.I had the eggs benedict and the hubby had the kobe dish. The food came out in a timely fashion, but the food was sub-par for such a fancy restaurant. My english muffin was burnt and I couldn't cut through it with my knife. I ended up eating the ham and egg part separate from the muffin, which were pretty good. The kobe dish was just ok. Nothing special and certainly not worth the price tag.Now back to the service. We weren't even checked on during the time we were dining. Our server was standing behind us and didn't even ask us if we needed anything! When we were done eating, we had to ask a different server to flag down our server, Evan, for the check. Evan didn't even return with our check; the other server did. Definitely not a 5 star dining experience. Do yourself a favor and stay away from this over-priced mediocre place. If you want real brunch, head over to Bouchon at the Venetian. Oh, and weak mimosas and sour OJ! Thumbs down!
3	Tableau has an open opulent decor... I love it...  I prefer a restaurant with lights and warm ambiance.  We had a party of 8 and ordered mostly 3 course pre fix $37 and 2 course pre fix for $29.  The appetizers were good, but the entree was disappointing... I ordered the tuna tartar... the tuna was just regular tuna not big eye tuna and it was not that fresh.... The desserts were a trio of 3 and were quite delish~~Probably not going to go back again.. too many other good restaurants to try in Vegas!!
4	Have you ever watched that show on Food Network where the chefs talk about that one dish or food that they would crave all the time?  This place has it.Tableau is a fancy cafe style restaurant in the corner of the Wynn in Las Vegas.  Seated on the edge of the pool and garden with a spectacular indoor rounded lanai seating area, this place is beautiful and worth waiting ten to fifteen minutes for a table for breakfast.  I had the chicken apple sausage with their pancakes topped with peach compote in honey preserve and some pastry with coffee and water.  I have to emphasize the beauty of this breakfast.The pancakes were fluffy and had the right texture to them when cutting into them.  As the fruit compote soaked into each pancake, my breakfast experience would increase exponentially toward heaven.  But the sausage--oh! the sausage--was to die for.  I dreamt of that sausage for weeks and want to go back just for a side order of sausage with those delectable pancakes.  Their sausage, made in house, has a perfect texture and the right thickness of skin that has that bite to it when you chew it.  The flavors of the apple and chicken mixture are heaven on my palette and I could eat fifty more in one sitting.  You must eat breakfast here.  Their pancakes are worth the 18 dollar price tag, as is that heavenly sausage.  Please, I beg of you--try this place if you have the time. You won't regret it.Tip: make reservations.  They start taking reservations at 6am.
5	Absolutely delicious food. This is where I take my friends if I want to show them a good dining experience for breakfast.
4	For some reason, this place just reminded me so much of Tavern on the Green in NYC.  The decor was warm, over-the-top and perfect for a brunch.  Many of us opted for more of the lunch options, and I got the Dungeness Crab Sandwich.  It was a little messy, and it was just alright.  I wanted a little more flavor, but I was completely satisfied with the Old Bay fries.  They were crispy and not overpowered by the spice.  Two people ordered the Kobe burger, and were so sad they couldn't finish it because they were just so full. I looking to the right, just saw Virginia Y's comment about Tavern on the Green too.  I knew I wasn't crazy!
5	Walking into the restaurant for lunch  I was immediately struck by the outdoor seating in the patio area. When we sat down our waiter came around and my first impression was that he was overly cavalier. As the meal went on he kind of grew on me, especially because having recently injured my shoulder my right arm was in a sling and he had the food pre-chopped such that I could eat it one-handed with ease. Now on to the food. I  ordered the mixed greens which tasted fresh and the dressing was light rather than overpowering as most dressings seem to be these days. It allowed the flavor of the various greens to shine through. Afterword for the main course I got the wild mushroom tamales. They were moist and fluffy. The seasonings were just perfect, and the jicama on the side really hit the spot. These were the best tamales I have ever had, though to be honest I am not a tamale connoisseur.After lunch we sat back with some tea and enjoyed the myriad of birds flying around and even attracted quite a few by feeding them a bit of scraps. All in all it was a very pleasant way to spend our time.
4	I came here for lunch based on the yelp reviews and was not disappointed.BreadVery soft, fluffy, cute presentation.Shrimp and scallop cevicheServed in a martini glass with a small spoon. Great presentation. The flavor was outstanding and the portion of fish was generous. It was just delish, well done.Tuna tartareNow everyone had talked about this dish so I had high expectations. This lived up!!! Wow, I should have just done a double order of this for lunch! It was well balanced, very fresh, just spectacular. Not the most filling thing but it's all about quality not quantity, right?ServiceAttentive. When I asked for the check, I had about 90% of my iced tea left. With the check, she brought a plastic to go cup in case I wanted to take my iced tea to go (I did). Nice touch.All around, very impressive. The only reason this is not 5 stars is that for a 65 dollar lunch, I still got hungry a few hours later. So the "value factor" isn't really there. But 4.5 stars for sure.
5	A four-day stay at the Wynn resulted in four visits to Tableau. The food is great and the portions are actually pretty substantial. Menu looks pricy for breakfast, but you can pay almost that much for the buffet and not get the great service. (Actually, the service was a little too attentive at times, though I did appreciate being addressed by name and being remembered by the staff.)The room is a great place to gently enter the day, before being submersed into the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas.
4	We tried really hard to go for a 3rd time on our 4 night stay but we couldn't because of scheduling issues..Incredible breakfasts (I tried both the huckleberry pancakes and white chocolate french toast). Incredible pastries with their homemade jams. Great service and decor.What else can you ask for?My only gripe, and it's quite minor, is that they charge $6 for freshly squeezed orange juice but the portion is a bit too small. Like I said, minor.
5	Need to update this to a 5 star. I went here 2 times and both were splendid. BreakfastSmoked salmon plate with Tableau potatoes on the side.Salmon was extremely high quality, all the fixings on the side (capers, tomatoes, onions) were very fresh, the cream cheese was ample, bagel was perfectly toasted. Just delicious and priced fairly at $17. The potatoes were very unique --- gooey and crispy at the same time, never had anything quite like these. LunchTomato bisque was AMAZING. Wonderful portion size, served with the soft fluffy bread on the side in the mini tin pot. The bisque really surprised me. And the crab cake sandwich with fries --- most places cheap out on the crab, load up on the fries. The exact opposite here. Excellent high grade crab, well made sandwich, and the fries were just enough. The flavor of the fries was excellent (love the spice they put on top of the fries). Again, very fairly priced for what I got.Service was fast and friendly. For this quality, at these prices, in this ambiance, with this consistency, I need to bump it up from my previous 4.5 stars to a 5 star. Welcome, Tableau, to my rare 5 star club (BreadVery soft, fluffy, cute presentation.Shrimp and scallop cevicheServed in a martini glass with a small spoon. Great presentation. The flavor was outstanding and the portion of fish was generous. It was just delish, well done.Tuna tartareNow everyone had talked about this dish so I had high expectations. This lived up!!! Wow, I should have just done a double order of this for lunch! It was well balanced, very fresh, just spectacular. Not the most filling thing but it's all about quality not quantity, right?ServiceAttentive. When I asked for the check, I had about 90% of my iced tea left. With the check, she brought a plastic to go cup in case I wanted to take my iced tea to go (I did). Nice touch.All around, very impressive. The only reason this is not 5 stars is that for a 65 dollar lunch, I still got hungry a few hours later. So the "value factor" isn't really there. But 4.5 stars for sure.
4	Tableau has a splendid choice for breakfast and lunch. It is a place where you would like to go with your friend's for a nice brunch and sit and chat. The food is great and the portions aren't as chihuahua size as other French restaurants. People may complain that it may be too pricey for breakfast or lunch, but compare to the other restaurants at the Wynn it is quite reasonable and fair. The inside decor is quite clean and simple. I like it during the day because it is not too flashy and has a wonderful view.It is a great place to dine for brunch with the gals.
4	A hidden gem, if there is such a thing in Las Vegas.  Outstanding food.  Delicious flavor combinations.  I have tried most of the menu and it is all equally great.  A great spot for a nice, quiet dining experience.  The only thing that detracts is the service.  In contrast to many other Vegas spots, each point of service at Tableau is indifferent, much like a typical Los Angeles restaurant.  Just ignore the service, and enjoy the food!
3	Had a wonderful brunch here, an amazing bloody mary and the waiter kept bringing us celery stalks from the kitchen at no charge!  The omelette was pretty good but it was runny which i don't really like but they cooked it more for me without being snobs about it (maybe they made fun of me in the kitchen though, who knows!) and the crab sandwich was yummy!  The service was terrific, the prices were high of course, but it's vegas, what do you expect?!  BTW, this place is very "civilized", be prepared to use your library voice!
4	We went here twice for breakfast. The first morning we were really happy to see they served brunch till 2:30p on a Sunday morning and the second time we were late again for breakfast service but they said they had no problem serving it to us at noon.My husband loved the blueberry pancakes and I enjoyed their chicken with Quinoa. The second morning we enjoyed the pancakes again and their lox on a bagel was really tasty.The food is delicious and we would go back.
2	Honestly, I thought this place would be better.  The place itself is gorgeous, even though it's rather hidden in a random corner of the hotel.  Brightly lit, classy decor- a great brunch spot.  However, I found the food to be a little underwhelming.  Honestly... $12 for a a few slices of melon, 2 strawberries, a slice of pineapple?!  And, I got a salmon eggs benedict which was only mediocre.  It was a Meh experience overall but I guess it was convenient since it was right next to the elevator and we were hungry... Probably not going back ever.
3	Beautiful space tucked inside the Tower Suites. It backs up against the pool and has seating on the patio. Ate lunch there during March Madness. Service was excellent, the wine list was very good and had several excellent and rare half bottles. My Kobe burger was competent, not memorable. The Old Bay Seasoned fries tasted great but lacked some crispness. Highlight of lunch was seeing Steve Wynn at an adjacent table. Slight recommendation. CTS (Consider the source).
4	we came to tableau for saturday brunch and it was yummy!  its in the tower suites part of the wynn and the decor is the same as any other part of the wynn.  it faces the pool and i did wish it let in more sunlight.i didnt care too much for the bread.  it came in little pots, cute presentation.  then they brought all the sauces.  homemade ketchup, tabasco, siracha, syrup, jam, butter etc.  those in themselves covered the whole table.  i ordered the eggs benedict and added sauteed spinach.  the hollandaise on it was super buttery and yummy and not too thich.  the ham on it was very salty and dry.we also all shared the french toast which was delicious!  and the cookie soufle also divine!our server was super nervous but it didnt ruin our meal.  the food did take a while to come out but it gave us time to chat.
5	Excellent decor. Excellent menu. Excellent service. My girlfriend and I love everything about this place! We'll definitely be back.
4	As we were staying at the Wynn, we ended up eating breakfast here. The restaurant is located right off the lobby of the tower suites. The atmosphere is comparable to a casual yet elegant restaurnat found in a Ritz or Four Seasons. Service is definitely in the 5 star category. At first glance the breakfast menu may seem over priced, but it is justifiable given the atmosphere, service and quality of food. The coffee is excellent. I had an omlette and my girlfriend had the french toast (white chocolate & Orange). No novel experiences here, but the food was flavourful and the eggs were perfectly cooked (IMHO, it is very hard to find perfectly cooked eggs) The Tableau potatoes are what will have me coming back. Croquette like hashbrown cakes with the perfect amount of sea salt sprinkled on each one. The home made ketchup was a nice touch (I missed it the next time I had some Heinz)I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here if you were staying at a five star on the strip. Chances are your hotel has a very similar restaurant. However, if you are staying at Wynn or Encore I highly recommend Tableau.
4	Hidden inside the Tower Suite  @ Wynn and it was probably designed to make you feel exclusive once you step foot inside the lobby, same thing with Bouchon inside the Venezia tower.Great place to enjoy breakfast with inviting view and it's okay to indulge yourself on a vacation. Has 3 seating areas, once entered you pass the main dining room which is kinda dark and subdue to be sitting here in the morning, then comes the beautiful indoor enclosure with big french doors - you can sit here without sacrificing view, then comes the patio by the pool.Breakfast is served different than your usual - nicely presented and all but taste wise I had better. I had the egg benedict and it was a little sour and no it's not rotten. I know they must have overused the vinegar when poaching the eggs. So I didn't enjoy it that much. The only thing that blew me away was the crossiant. It's like Renaud in Santa Barbara. Each bite into are layers of crisp. Best croissant.Service was good, no grumpy but all could have been better with just a little smile .
5	Unreal dining experience. Firstly, the staff was so accomodating and courteous. Calling our valet after the meal from the other entrance of Wynn, etc... amazing. The ambiance- GORGEOUS. We opted to sit outside in the sun and overlooking the pool area. Great table with comfortable benches, etc. The food- WOW. The white chocolate and orange bread french toast was heavenly and I ordered the tableau breakfast that came with, prepare yourself: Two Eggs, Any Style served with Nueske bacon, Tableau potatoes & toast our warm bakery basket with homemade marmalade, preserves & sweet butter all for $25. Talk about a steal. AND the homemade ketchup omg. We also has some benedicts and huckleberry pancakes or something that were also delicious. YUM! I cannot wait to return. I love Steve Wynn, his resorts and his restaurants. choice of fresh squeezed juice, coffee or tea
5	The best Sunday brunch that I have found in Vegas.  The quality of the food and the service is what you are paying for.  Portions are very large, so you won't leave feeling deprived.  A must try is their ricotta pancakes, they are dense yet light and have an amazing flavor - you won't want to eat any other type of pancakes after this.  Its the simple things that really excite me and I was practically knocked out of my chair when I ordered a sampling of toast and received homemade jams (and trust me you can tell it is fresh made).  The orange marmalade had the most perfect ring of orange rind that was never ending, someone had hand peeled that orange rind all the way from top to bottom without once breaking the peel, it was candied and caramelized to perfection.  I go to Tableau every time I come to Vegas, it is that good.  However, my recent concern is regarding the change in chefs, the original chef of Tableau has now opened Botero in Encore.  So I feel that Tableau has now changed a bit its food  finesse, it may not be as good as I remember it, but still one of the most luxurious breakfasts you can get in Vegas.  I have never tried it for lunch or dinner, breakfast is just too good.
5	Hidden gem next to the reception at the tower suites of Wynn.We always come here for lunch, the crab sandwich with their homemade ketchup is amazing. After years we still can't get enough of their ketchup.You can even order food pool side, but thats for tower suite guest  only.
5	This restaurant was a little hard to find but it's a nice restaurant right next to the pool inside the Wynn hotel. The decor was really nice and I enjoyed the calmness this restaurant offered, especially after a night of partying.I had a glass of fresh queezed watermelon juice that was refreshing, but I wish it was a bit colder. I ordered the eggs benedict which were delicious. My only complaint about the dish is that the muffins were toasted so much that it was difficult to cut. I also ordered a half order of the white chocolate and peach pancakes for my friends and I to share. They were really good. Nice and light and sweet. Yum! My friends ordered the dungeoness crab club, elk sauage and eggs, and a fruit platter. We got to try each other's dishes and they were all delicious! I liked how fresh, light, and healthy the crab club tasted. We also ordered the soufle for desert and it was good. I like my soufle a bit more bitter and warmer but it was still pretty good.Overall this place is a great spot for brunch and definitely worth the little extra money compared to other alternatives.
3	We went here for brunch and ordered the pastry basket, lobster appetizer, dungeness crab club, pancakes, bacon, apple chicken sausage, and marble potato hash.The pastry basket was awesome with that butter and those fruit preserves.I wish I could tell you about the lobster appetizer but it never came out.Pancakes were nice and fluffy.Crab club was OK.the sides were good with the apple chicken sausage being the star.  The bacon and potatoes were OK too.Tableau gets 3 stars just for the food.  The server seemed like she didn't want to be there and ignoring us and forgetting an order is just not acceptable for the price of the food.
4	Sunday brunch sounds always good to me and it's been a meal for relaxation and good company :) I bet everyone has a favorite brunch spot at least one or two...I love to cook myself a plate of omelette on weekends but once in a while, I want to go out and try some fancy breakfast/brunch just to treat myself nicely :p The restaurant is located at Wynn's suite tower lobby by pool & garden area.  When I walked into a restaurant, there was a cozy setting of semiprivate dinning room with big picture windows that you can overlook nice pool side. I had... *Fresh Squeezed Watermelon Juice (oh, it was so refreshing) *Eggs Benedict (hmm, poached eggs,, loved it!) *Lobster soup (lobster wonton with ginger & herbs) I enjoyed all three! It was very fresh & simple, yet it was full of flavors. The waiters and other wait staffs were very polite & attentive. It was a great & delightful experience and I was glad that I was able to enjoy my Sunday morning very relaxed with my happy meals. Whether it is a special occasion or a pleasant start to a lazy weekend morning, I recommend a brunch @Tableau~ is a good choice :)
5	This is the place for special occassions! Mother's Day, Easter, Father's Day, whatever day. I've had dinner here in the past, but most recently I went for brunch. I have to say everyone in my group was impressed and after we had our meal, we all went home and took a good nap. Yeah, it's that good. Beautiful landscaping and pool views, service is top notch. The little loaves of bread, or the biscuit, whatever it is, I had to have the waiter bring me another. :)
3	Brunch at Tableau was definitely a great time! Located inside the Wynn which was beautiful to walk through, the restaurant was decorated very elegantly. We were seated right away because of our original reservation.I think that our server was either new or having a bad day, because he did mix up our order quite a bit - however, as being a former server, I feel that I do cut more slack than others.I ordered the eggs benedict and coffee - more than enough food for myself and then some. My friends ordered omelets and a breakfast platter (split between 2 and still enough food) The ambience is the main attraction - food was good - service was okay.
5	We went in around noon. But they let us to order breakfast because we told them we were craving breakfast. My mom and I ordered Tableau Breakfast. It came with a basket of pastry which tasted like just coming out of oven. I chose sausages with my eggs. The sausages were really tasted. Best sausages I ever had in U.S. The scamble eggs were just normal but the portion was huge. I didn't finish my eggs. The hash brown was not your normal hash brown....but in a good way.....it shaped like small cakes and the texture of them were really special and very delicated. i think it's not easy to make a plain old hash brown taste delicated. But the best part came after I asked for Ketchup for my hash brown. I was expecting a bottle of Hein's ketchup....but no....they gave me a cup of fresh-made ketchup....that kinda blew me away......well... .at that point....I finially realized what is fine dining for breakfast....The fresh-made ketchu tasted so good and so fresh....I finished my hash brown cakes just because I wanted to have the ketchup.  anyway.....the taste and quality of the food totally worth the price. In my opinion, the breakfast we could order to our room can't compare with breakfast I had in Tableau, althought they price about the same. Besides, at Tableau, I can enjoy the good view, excellent serivce, silver tableware, and fresh-made ketchup... :P
3	The food was really good, but expected.  Everyone enjoyed their main meal, but the cookies and cream souffle stole the show!  Also, we sat in the atrium and it was just lovely!  Pleanty of sunlight, the garden and pool.  I thought the room would be perfect for a shower or a late afternoon tea.
5	This is a secret gem. A most lovely room, perfect service but even better, wonderful food. Not to be missed for breakfast.
4	I came here for breakfast with some industry partners.  The service was great.  I enjoyed my breakfast.  Like everything else in the Wynn, I can't justify spending $15-20 on breakfast but when you have no choice, this place is good for it.  I wasn't overly impressed on the food - it was good - but the service was great.
5	Brunch for the masses! Let them eat BRUNCH! My Kingdom for brunch... yep we liked it this much! Fabulous food... great drinks... super service... Not your father's bacon and eggs brunch... food you've never thought for breakfast... Elk sausage and eggs; duck in puff pastry; white chocolate and orange french toast (hehe we had the french toast kinda as dessert)... oh my god...  Wasabi Bloody Mary and some beachy coconut, rum-orange Caribbean drink... super Sunday kick-back way to start the day!
5	Grade: A+!Wow, we love Tableau and plan to make it a regular whenever we are in Las Vegas. The Vol-Au-Vent of Duck and Eggs was to-die-for, seriously so good. Melted in our mouths! Eggs, duck, pastry, sauce -everything about it was just right. A must have!We also ordered the White Chocolate & Orange French Toast - wow again!! Probably the best French toast we've ever had. So yum. Perfectly sweetened. I like lighter tastes, hubby prefers a sweeter taste and both of us could not stop licking our forks. :)Food was excellent and worth the splurge. French toast was about $20 for 2 large slices. Our total was about $70, including tax and tip. Both dishes were so good that we decided to come back the next morning. Our total on day 2 was about $100, including tax and tip. Make reservations for faster service and request atrium seating - such pretty views and decor!The next morning, we ordered the same 2 dishes but also added the elk sausage since it was so different than what we've had. It was smokier, muskier. Hubby loved it but I prefer the duck.The apple pomegranate juice was very good too - a bit sweet but very fresh and smooth. Coffee was so-so, a bit watered down but I compare all coffee to my favorite (rising sun at Alan Wong's). We will definitely be back, again and again whether our pocketbook likes it or not!
4	My gf has been wanting to try Tableau since her last visit to Vegas and this time around she said she'll treat my parents and me to brunch there.  My entire experience was very good except for a couple of minor blimps.When I called in to make the reservation the lady's tone of voice, personality, friendliness is what epitomizes Wynn.  I have never stayed at their hotel but that experience there tells me why they won the five diamond award.  The reservationist was polite, friendly, and just made sure to cover points that I would never have even thought of and best of all she got me excited about dining there.Upon arriving (we arrived right on time) our table wasn't ready and we waited for 20 minutes.  Even though they apologized a few times when we were seated I would have appreciated if they told us at the ten minute mark why the table wasn't ready or at least update us.  The only things we were told were"just a moment" and "we are working on it."  For brunch we ordered the scrambled eggs with duck and puff pastry, eggs with elk, a traditional breakfast with eggs, toasts, bacon, a pastry/muffin basket, and a tofu napoleon.  I can't comment on the tofu but my mom liked it a lot.  The traditional breakfast's muffin basket was delicious.  It came with strawberry jam, what seems to be orange zest, and something similar to devonshire cream.  The elk and the eggs were disappointing.  The elk was just a piece of meat patty that wasn't very good.  The scrambled eggs on both dishes (elk and duck) were a bit runny for my taste.  The duck and egg was decent but as I said it would have been better if the scrambled eggs weren't as runny.Service is excellent.  They have notes ready for the waiters so they address you as Mr. or Ms. or Mrs. so and so.The ambiance in the restaurant is terrific.  On a sunny day it's like sitting inside a open window conservatory with the garden and pool right outside.  While the views can be nice, it can also be negated by out of shape men wearing their swim trunks walking around and talking on the phone.This is a place you should try and I'll most definitely come back again.
5	Loved it. Glad my friend took me here =)Beautiful view of the pool, perfect spring day with the sun out. Def sit outside when the weather is nice.Got lobster salad, huge amt of lobster! and the crab sandwich with fries. Desserts we had strawberry and cream. i ate every bite of it!
5	Best brunch in Vegas! Tableau is tucked away in the Wynn and the setting is gorgeous, I felt like I was in the french countryside. The service was attentive but not interruptive. You must have a mimosa (or 2), made with fresh squeezed orange juice and decent champagne. I ordered the omlette, with egg whites. My friend ordered the white chocolate orange french toast. This was by far the best french toast I have ever tasted. Too bad I can't eat more than a bite. For how great the food & experience was I was expecting to pay more than $60 - definitely worth it.
4	A nice breakfast menu and great service, but at an expensive price.  Our only expectations were based on the other Yelp reviews, which were spot on. We have sampled most of the restaurants within the Wynn/Encore resort and this one is certainly near the top of the list. Much better than Alex ever was...Onto the food:Coffee: Not bad, but nothing special either. My cup was always full and there was plenty of cream & sugar for my wife's coffee. Basically, they didn't screw-the-pooch on this one like so many Vegas establishments do.French toast:  perfect portion size, nice subtle orange flavor, crispy on the outside but soft on the inside. Excellent and highly recommended.Poached eggs and elk sausage:  we have never had poached eggs actually shaped like eggs - very cool. The sausage is full of spices and isn't dominated by a 'gamey' elk flavor. Bacon: I'm a snob when it comes to Vitamin P and Tableau didn't disappoint. Perfectly prepared and good flavor. Again, not the best I've ever had but definitely at a high level.
5	Giving it 5 stars with consideration that Tableau is not a fine dining dinner restaurant.  They only do breakfast lunch and brunch.I had an avocado salad appetizer - delish!  Perfectly ripe cados with cucumbers and garnish.  Just the right acidity to balance the dish.  Also had the H o u s e Ma d e E l k S a u s a g e & E g g s House Made Elk Sausage and Eggs.  Two poached eggs atop two wonderfully tasty elk patties.Service was perfect, polite and non-intrusive.  Wonderful place for a civilized way to start the day in Las Vegas.
4	Came here for a late breakfast/brunch because I heard they serve one heck of a French Toast!! Besides, once in a while I need to have a gourmet breakfast fix! Since this place sat in the Regal "Wynn Casino", I automatically had high expectations. I think its only fair..  Well, it wasn't your neighborhood Denny's, that's for sure.. Another Extravagant Restaurant clearly evident by the Fine furniture, detail in its structure and the Staffs pleasant and proper demeanor that ran it. What I devoured Next to the window just a few feet away from the pool:House-made Elk Sausage & Eggs: This caught my eye since "Elk" isn't the standard breakfast fare I'm used to.. I asked the server if it was "gamey" and she said not really and then sold me on it. Well, it came on a neat little plate and looked like a sausage patty.. It was gamey enough for me and kinda dry.. I didn't like it. The hollandaise was good and the potaotes as well (only thing, I could of counted how many nickel sized potato slices there were on the plate!). I told myself if i'm gonna go for something unusual like this, I might as well try it served at a place like this?! Still didn't like it..White Chocolate & Orange French Toast: This totally 360'd my outlook of this place, I mean from pretty bad to Wow!! Besides that it looked like a half order dish, This was so sO SO Breathtaking!!! Although, much different from the typical comforting traditional french toast.. In the gourmet world, this thing was Brilliant! I had to desperately hold in my inner thoughts racing of joy cause I didn't want to look like a fool!! If you like sophisticated sweet and extra succulent french toast then you don't have to think twice on this one.. Signature Tableau Potatoes: looked like chicken nuggets.. The crust just lightly breaded, potato just the right softness and seasoning.. Worthy of its name! Dipped in their "house-made ketchup".. Potato lovers, enjoy!House-made Chicken-Apple Sausages: Juicy, Tasty and just hints of flavors unleashed through every bite! This with their ketchup and Potatoes = little meal itself!Expected Much and Got Most of what I expected especially from the french toast, just not the Elk.. Service was Top of its Class! Value: Most gourmet spots never seem to be worth the quadruple price tag but I think its understandable for the Occasional experience and those of you who have curious taste buds, that make it worth while (But you Might not want to dine at places like this, when you're super hungry.. Like how I was!). A Staggering $70 including 20+% tip (and just regular water to drink) for my solo breakfast getaway.. I have No Regrets! However, I think all thats needed is an order of French Toast (maybe 2 for me) and your Good to Go!
3	Had brunch here, out of convenience, while staying at the Wynn.  We thought about heading across the street, to find something at the Fashion Show Mall, but didn't want to waste precious pool time. We didn't have a reservation, but were seated within 20 minutes.  It was a beautiful day and we had a table right by one of the open windows looking out on the pool. The hostess placed a tiny stool next to my chair for my purse to sit on. This was neat and strange at the same time, but nonetheless a nice touch. Our waiter was a bit of an odd character, just in a general sort of way. He wasn't too attentive either. I had an omelette with fontina, mushrooms and caramelized onions. There was too much cheese and onions for my liking. The potato cakes that came with it were delicious though. The toast, even though I requested it sans butter, was still enjoyable. My husband had the elk sausage and poached eggs and seemed to enjoy it. We might go back if ever in the same situation, but there are too many other great places to try in LV for this place to make the rotation.
3	We have been to Vegas several different times, and had never eaten breakfast anywhere until Tableau. It was my husband's bday and he really wanted to go somewhere for a nice breakfast. Since we were staying at Encore we made the short walk over to Tableau and were seated pretty much immediately in the atrium section. I ordered the omelet and fresh berries and he had elk sausage and eggs. I can't say anything bad about my plate...it was delicious, however, after my hubby took a couple bites out of his he noticed his eggs were cold and the potatoes were not all done, yet the sausage was warm. He told the server right away and he took his dish back to the kitchen. Our server came back and apologized and informed us that the executive chef himself was going to remake the dish and it would be out shortly. Well I continued on with my omelet and after a few minutes the server brought out a new elk sausage and eggs. After already consuming about half of this one my hubby realized that the potatoes were still not done. He was really upset b/c he was really excited about breakfast, and it just seemed as though they just couldn't get his dish right. We also noticed they never brought out his orange juice that he ordered and brought that to the waiter's attention. He apologized again and brought us out not only an orange juice, but Apple juice and a grapefruit juice to try. He also brought us out a complimentary pastry basket to try and make up for everything. You could tell he was genuinely sorry about messing up lee's order and the dishes not coming out right! For my breakfast I would give this place a 4 star, however, for the hubby's and especially since it was his bday I can only let them get away with 3 stars.  Sorry Tableau...I wish you could have made a better impression with us! . Also, if we would have had a better breakfast experience with you it may have motivated us to make it up for more breakfast's in the future, but I think we'll keep passing for now!
5	This review was started years ago, and all I wrote was "I loooove"Its my go-to brunch spot, every time I stay at the Wynn tower suites.  And thats where I've stayed the past 4-5 Vegas trips!  I loooove Wynn tower suites, coming out of the elevator to Tableu, getting seated right away, cute striped cushions, fine dining service without the stiffness.. just the entire experience.  Then.. delish food:). Everything I had was immaculate, and simply so yumm.  Don't forget to get fries, they serve it with homemade ketchup.  Its a bit more tomatoey, some tartness, and absolutely divine.  I love my waffles there, French toast, the pancakes, crab cakes, the potatoes, homemade jam.. I can go on & on.  And freshly "squeezed" Watermelon juice!  Trust, splurge on it!I usually sit indoors, but you'll find me outside when the weather is warm with a slight breeze.  Plus, its nice seeing the private pool area for those (me included!) with a tower suite keyPs. I'm the 100th review for Tableu, yay!
5	Impeccable.  And I don't say that too often.Please, just go.  Do yourself a favor.  You deserve it.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed our brunch here.  Service was impeccable.  We were promptly seated and served right away.  The white chocolate and orange french toast was wonderful!  It's texture is more of a cinnamon bun than a classic french toast, which I loved.  The flavors meld together very well.  We also had the tableau breakfast.  The pastry basket was delicious and did not need any of the yummy jams or butters. Chicken sausage was also delicious.  Too bad we were so full from all the food or else we would have gotten the souffle.  Will definitely come back for brunch here the next time I'm in town.  Am dropping my old favorite (Bouchon) off of the list because service and food has really declined over there.
4	Even though I'm not a big fan of the expensive French breakfast/brunch, Tableau really surprised me.  I had the White Chocolate French Toast and it was simply delicious.  It was candy for breakfast! My friends who got the omelette, the peach pancakes, and that crazy looking edible duck pot pie in a pie shell thing all loved their food.  Service was also very attentive...one of the servers said that since they were in the Wynn Tower restaurant, some people even ordered  "off-menu" and they sometimes have to make "it" happen to deliver what they wanted.  Apparently, if you were a balla or high rolla or whatever the spelling, it's likely you may be at Tableau for a morning breakfast or early lunch.This place was also very quiet as the dining room was small so a refreshing change from yelling across the table from other casino cafes where the noise level is still at 8/10.  They even have foot stools for the ladies at each table so they can rest their feet!  Damn that is pretty posh.Would I ever come back?  Would it mean I'd have a chance of glancing and dining in the same room of a famous celeb or two?  Then hell yes, count me in!
5	Glad my husband and I decided to do brunch here. Really nice environment, friendly waiters and super yummy food. The french toast was so delicious. A little fancier than other breakfast places, they even brought out a foot stool for my handbag. I would definitely come back here again when I'm in town.
4	This place really deserves like 4 1/2 stars.  For a brunch/lunch place I don't know that I've ever had better.  Pretty much everything I've ever tried here has been awesome.  Decided to go here because I wanted to try the white chocolate orange french toast.  This was good but not awesome.  Maybe I had too high expectations after reading these reviews.  I guess I thought the white chocolate flavor was too subtle so it was more like orange french toast.  I also tried kind of a duck benedict.  Chopped duck braised with onions in a pastry.  Topped with scrambled eggs and tomato hollandaise on top.  So tasty!  Only slight complaint was that the hollandaise, although good, did not contain much tomato flavor.  Everything about this place is top notch which is what I would expect from a restaurant at the Wynn.
4	This place is great for a fancy Girlie Brunch in Vegas located at the Wynn.Reggie's Favorites =1.) Homemade Elk Sausage & Eggs2.) White Chocolate & Orange French Toast3.) Decor
3	Tableau has a pleasant ambiance, and being seated in the "sun room" definitely adds to it! However, the service by our waiter was no doubt subpar.  He didn't serve the standard bread, and when asked, he was defensive about it, saying that it's because we didn't order a lunch item. Well, I don't see an additional page at the end of the menu, and I'm not sure what else you'd consider a duck entree (not to mention that both plates were ordered from the entree section).  Before we left, he even came over and checked how much tip we'd left him!  I thought we were at Wynn, not some "hole in the wall" place?!The duck entree and the white chocolate orange French toast were tasty, but definitely nothing out of the ordinary or worthy of their prices. The duck was a bit dry, but thankfully the egg was nice and moist, which masked some of the dryness underneath.  And, like one of the other reviewer mentioned, our taste buds didn't quite pick up the white chocolate part.  Maybe we were spoiled coming from NYC. Meh.Not planning on coming back.
3	Ah, the ultimate conflict: good food, poor service. I loved the fresh bread and butter, the french toast was delicious but a little sweet, and the chopped salad with avocado was pretty great. The only thing I was not impressed with was the peach pancakes - they're just plain pancakes with peach pieces on top, at least you can take the time to toss a few chunks into the batter!  Also, I know this is Vegas but $4.50 for an iced tea makes me want to puke.My reservation was useless, we got sat 45 minutes after our slot time, ugh. The waitress was a mess - my order came out 100% wrong and had to be sent back. I asked for my salad to be packed up and 15 minutes later, the waitress claims that "someone" accidentally threw it away...but I guess the upside is that I got a shiny new salad.
4	The most excellent service.  Expensive but VERY delicious food.My man ordered:1) Housemade elk sausage and eggs2) Iced tea3) Side of toastI ordered:4) Peach pancakes5) Side of bacon6) CoffeeThe elk sausage was amazing.  No gamey taste, but full of flavor.  Complemented the eggs perfectly. Comes with their housemade ketchup (much more tomato-y in flavor than normal ketchup...but in a good way!).  Side of toast came with housemade preserves as well -- very yummy.My peach pancakes came in a stack of 3.  Super fluffy and moist and topped with caramelized peaches, butter, and powdered sugar.  Oh and did I mention beautiful presentation?? (see picture)  They also did the most amazing thing and made sure that there were peaches between each layer of pancake! =)  That made my day. Side of bacon was also 3 slices.  Prepared to perfect crispiness.Scrumptious breakfast and LOVED every bite.  But total came out to ~$75.  Hmm probably most expensive breakfast (of that size) I've had.  But then it's also Vegas =P
4	Oh my goodness, Tableau is delicious. The service was excellent and the breakfast even more excellent. I had their French toast infused with orange and topped with honey butter one morning, then their peach pancakes the next morning. Both are solid choices if your sweet tooth is in need of some caring for breakfast. My side of eggs were cooked perfectly, over-easy, just how I like them. I had a sampling of the breakfast potatoes which were as delicious as breakfast potatoes should be. I was hoping the elk sausage would be savory...and only savory. If you're not into sweet and savory simultaneously on your taste buds, pass on the elk. Drinks? I heard their coffee was great and their watermelon juice was amazing. Dear vegan and vegetarian friends, don't worry, they (along with several other restaurants in the Wynn and Encore) have a vegan menu as well... Just a head's up: Those delicious peach pancakes are on it!Worth the price? Heck yeah!
5	Wow this place is unbelievable!! Came here upon the recommendation of a bartender. We sat outside, under the beautiful sunny sky. Service was impeccable and so was the food. It was my last day in Vegas, so I was going big. Started with a Mimosa and the orange juice was so delicious. Next we ordered oysters, jumbo shrimp cocktail and ahi tar tar. All of the items were fresh beautifully presented and sooo efffinn delicious!! We took our time and the wait staff was patient, and I believe by my fourth mimosa my eggs benedict came. It was classic, simple, and perfect! I was so pleased with the whole experience. To top it all of, my friend order strawberries with a lemon almond creme and shortbread. Just when I thought this place couldn't get any better: it did! It was like heaven in my mouth... uugghhh! Wish I could go back ASAP. It's at the Wynn, which is an amazing hotel regardless, so make the trip!!!!
3	Lesson learned: it's not worth paying the extra few bucks for a 'kobe' beef burger.  When the meat is in its minced state, you can't tell which part of the cow the meat really came from.  In the spirit of finding a new brunch service that could exceed or at the very least match tried-and-tested Bouchon, I came across Tableau.  It looks fancy, it's in the fancier, poshier part of the Wynn (if that's even possible!), it's hard enough to find so nobody would just chance upon it, and the glass rotunda in the middle is definitely where the better tables are.  The four of us were lucky enough to get one of them.  The service was excellent, we never had to ask for the server to top up our coffee and there was never a time that we had to flag down our server.  The food though, was a bit of a let down.  Maybe I should've tried the orange-infused French toast with honey butter or the eggs benny that a few other yelpers were raving about, instead of the burger, because the burger was, well, ordinary in every way possible.  The hub had an omelet that was too overpowered by onion and the side of bacon was just so so.  So given the price, I would rather go back to Bouchon for their blueberry friands, sourdough bread, chocolate croissant and pommes frites. http://www.yelp.com/biz/bouchon-las-vegas#hrid:PjzTZX9Il0c4LV-ezt13hA
4	This place is great, although it isn't called Tableau anymore.  My fiance and i shared the Veg Benedict and Fresh fruit.  It was the perfect meal for us.  The service was good, i thought they were a bit snooty... but i wasn't going to let it ruin my yummy breakfast.
5	Tableau is open, again, and is fabulous. I ate here three times the week of March 2012 - twice for breakfast (orange french toast, steel cut oatmeal, watermelon juice) and once for lunch with my husband (smoked salmon bagel, chopped veggie salad). Outstanding!
4	Not closed and impressive. From what I could tell Tableau is open for Breakfast and Lunch only. The balcony sits adjacent to one of several of Wynn's pools and on a warm late spring morning was a great place to enjoy breakfast. The service was outstanding and incredibly attentive. Expected but always nice when it is delivered. Classic breakfast menu with eggs, waffles, pancakes, hash, potatoes etc..... All however with a little love and a twist. I had the Blueberry, Ricotta pancakes with a chicken apple sausage and my dining partner the strawberry waffles with a side of the potato hash. All were cooked to perfection and to our enjoyment. I think the only annoyance was a slight attitude at my request for a pot of green tea with a glass of ice. I like fresh iced tea and they didn't offer green, which in today's day of healthy eating still surprises me that so many places do not. Will gladly bring other clients and friends back on my next trip.
2	This place kind of sucks now. I have been coming to Tableau at least twice a year for a long time, and the last three times have been really disappointing. I went most recently in the second week of May 2012 for breakfast. I remember coming here and getting awesome, elaborate breakfast items that were meticulously prepared and completely delicious. Now you get pedestrian choices that are pretty "meh." I told the server that I had had a crab benedict there that I really enjoyed, he asked the chef if he could accommodate and the chef agreed. I got my crab benedict. It was a very boring and normal-looking eggs benedict but it had some wet crab meat slopped on it. Blah.Service is amazing as always, everyone knows your name right away, and fresh squeezed orange juice is delicious of course. But the food, repeatedly, has been very meh. Las Vegas is not a city to be a "meh" restaurant in. On top of that, Tableau is retardedly expensive - two orange juices, a crab benedict and a regular benedict, tax and tip - $80.I notice that for guests of the Tower Suites at the Wynn, all the food at Tableau is free.  I don't know how long they have been doing that, maybe it has contributed to a decline in quality as hitting food costs may no longer be relevant. I also understand that a new chef recently took over, which makes me even more sad, because at the beginning of a new chef's tenure he should be producing outstanding food to build a reputation. This is not really happening. Guests around us slogged through their overpriced breakfasts with blank, apathetic expressions. Tableau closed, then changed names, reopened, then changed names again, then got a new leader. Not surprising the food got left behind. Two stars for overpriced meh breakfast.
4	I have been here once before a few years ago, and I was glad to come back. We sat outside on a super hot day and had bloody marys and a Bellini. I ordered the frittata with lobster and caviar. It was good but not superb like I'd hoped it would be. The blueberry pancakes that I had the first time I came were phenomenal. Definitely a cute place at the Wynn but the service was a bit off when we went.
5	I am not a breakfast person; I detest it.  If I'm ever committed to a crime, sentencing me to a carb-laden assault of waffles & pancakes would hopefully be construed as cruel an unusual punishment. Of course, my girlfriend is the quintessential breakfast freak.  Spending a few days with her at the Wynn/Encore resulted in an obligatory breakfast trip.I researched the Wynn's website in order to devise an escape route, and I found it.  It went through a frenchy-breakfasty place called Tableau.The menu looked exotic but reasonably priced (especially by Vegas/Wynn standards).  Even better, it featured breakfast items that weren't some concoction of carbs and pig.  I immediately made a reservation for Sunday morning.The place itself is beautiful.  It seriously feels like a setting for a tea party from a fairy tale (in a good way).We split a tuna tartare appetizer, while I had the Duck Croque Madame and my girlfriend had the Pastrami and Eggs.  The tuna tartare was some of the best I've ever had, and the portions were more than generous.  The duck croque madame is certainly my new favorite breakfast food (and possibly favorite food of any kind).  The pastrami and eggs were good also, but overshadowed by my dish.Throw in a couple coffees, and the bill still came to be less than a hundred bucks.  An absolutely astounding meal at a very reasonable price.  This was possibly the highlight of my entire time at the Wynn.
4	4.5 stars.Tableau is what a Sunday Brunch spot should be.Beautiful surroundings.Excellent service.Well prepared food.Wonderful coffee and wake-me-up adult beverages.This is not a cheap date, and I like an inexpensive breakfast (hey, it's only breakfast!), but if you are going to do breakfast in a upscale way, this is the model...Wynn has it right.  Enjoy Tableau.
4	Brunch was deliciousWe ordered: smoked salmon egg benedict and continental breakfast.  Continental breakfast came with coffee and orange juice.  The OJ was the freshest and sweetest orange juice that I have ever had.  I could taste the pulps in the juice.Smoked salmon egg benedict was a success also.  Pouched eggs just cooked right.  Salmon was not overcooked, and the potato hash were the BEST!  Potato hash didn't taste anything like regular hash brown.  Potato was mixed with flour, but it wasn't heavy at all.  Thumbs up!In addition, the complimentary pastries were amazing.  Cinnamon bun, cranberry turnover and muffins...Downside: brunch was relatively pricey.  I would give a 5 star if price is a bit cheaper.  I highly recommend making reservations in restaurants in Vegas to avoid the wait!
4	Regardless of where you are on Saturday, this is definitely the place to be on Sunday! Well, for brunch that is.From the relaxing views of the well manicured gardens to the elegant dining atmosphere, no detail is overlooked at this posh "English tea party" inspired restaurant. The brew here is eye opening and the OJ is freshly squeezed. Small details IMO that make the dining experience that much more enjoyable. In this day and age, we all know little things do mean a lot!In regards to the brunch fare, I was pleasantly surprised with both the quality and flavor. You can tell the execution was performed with distinction & care.Although the white chocolate French toast was the claim to fame here, I was hooked by the pictures of fluffy blueberry pancakes on my iPhone Yelp app. Suffice it to say, I was not disappointed at all. It was as fluffy and soft as I expected. I would have preferred more fresh blueberries, but with all things considered,  it was still quite a treat. Especially when I drizzled a generous amount of that warm maple syrup on top and watched it cascade down each thick layer of divine, doughy goodness!However, the highlight of the meal had to be the Duck Croque Madame. I'd even venture out to say that it's the single best thing I've ever had for brunch thus far in Vegas! Topped with a fried egg (now how can that be wrong?!) this French sandwich was packed with mouthwatering deliciousness!  From the perfectly tender morsels of duck that tasted like it was slow roasted for hours, to the melted Gruyere and caramelized onions (reminiscent of a french onion soup), it was like a virtual foodgasm in my mouth!So there ya have it, pleasant atmosphere, beautiful views, and incredibly good food.  What more could you ask for? That's right, seconds!Happy Eats!
4	Tableau has a very classy atmosphere and the food is very good. They even have vegan.... Breakfast is also severed after 11:00am where most places we found were not. The service was very slow and it was pricey....other then that I really liked it.
5	Very classy and sophisticated! I came here one Sunday morning for breakfast with my hubby and this place does not disappoint! There was a short wait of around 30 minutes which was not a problem as we wisely utilized our time at the slot machines! ;) Located in the Wynn hotel, the restaurant is hidden deep behind the elevators - if you get lost, look up at the directory to guide your way through!I ordered their eggs benedict topped with savory hollandaise sauce and two small hash browns. This entree was super delish! The eggs were cooked to perfection. The combination of english muffins, ham, poached egg and their sweet hollandaise sauce was very pleasant! I also had a side order of toast along with their very own house special jam that I instantly fell in love with. It was sweet and delectable served on a warm piece of toast! Their fresh squeezed orange juice was pretty darn good. (*Fyi, it's $6 for a small glass which does not include refills!) Service here is great. We were well taken care of by our waitress who was very attentive with refills on my cup of coffee. This place is the first time I've seen the hosts provide women a small stool to set their purses on. Very unusual, but classy I suppose.  There were plenty of windows surrounding letting natural sunlight in creating a very soothing ambiance. I would definitely recommend this place for everyone to try out for breakfast!
5	*MY NEW FAVORITE BRUNCH PLACE IN VEGAS*A little on the pricy side but definitely worth the experience. Great atmosphere and great food after a night of drinking in Vegas.FOOD:Benedict - Nautica ($27) . MUST TRY!!! Poached eggs, smoked salmon w chive hollendaise. I am a HUGE efan of benedict and have tried many variations. These poached eggs were cooked to perfection. Served hot with lots of goey yolk with the break of my fork. Adding the combination of the lox and chive hollendaise made it sheer benedict heaven. These came with a side of two delicious hash. Mouth is watering at the thought.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ#1udBbolGbRpfr7qs66JRNwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ#NuUwKbynGhOhI-p7kdgMmgWhite chocolate & orange french toast ($20) - I shared this dish w my friend. I find white chocolate in general to be way too sweet so I was a little worried but the orange bread they used gave it only a slight hint of orange and offset the white chocolate sweetness. Yum if you have a sweet tooth.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ#NuYS7GqTFrbjD6nGmasrYgThe wasabi bloody mary was delish! Just a light touch of wasabi. Refreshing!Also delicious lattes :) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Yp9w4nhUowBU_IS_StFXbQ#GFE-KHTy12sX34LnAncfIgAMBIANCE: Really cute place! Fancy white table cloth, nice to do the poolside tables in the summer. Lots of large round tables. Great for groups.
5	Fresh make Pineapple ginger juice is so good, very recommend to try it. Food for me and my hubby are very satisfy. We really love their breakfast.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at this restaurant.  I recently stayed at the Wynn and decided to come here on a whim.  It was so good that I came back the next day.As other reviewers have mentioned, the benedict nautica is out of this world.  I love salmon and eggs, and this is truly the best preparation of this dish that I have had.  I also had the pastrami and eggs and wasabi bloody mary, which were very good.I also loved the service and atmosphere of the restaurant.  The service was quick and attentive, and the decor is very interesting, light, and airy.  This is definitely a pricey place for breakfast, but I think it is totally worth it.
5	Always a fun place to dine while at the Tower Suits.  The food is fresh and can be enjoyed in a bright sun lit dining atmosphere.  I had the veggie omelet and it definitely was enjoyed with their wasabi Bloody Mary's .
4	5 star for ambiance, 5 star for service, 3 stars for menu. The choices are limited and the cost is high but it is worth it because your day is made once you start with breakfast here. Nice, classy, natural light, facing the garden. None of the Vegas over crowd buffets in dark no window rooms. We go to Vegas more than a few times a year and we always to Tableau, once, for breakfast or lunch.
3	A beautiful restaurant overlooking the pool at the Wynn hotel. My cousins, and aunts who were visiting from Canada wanted to check it out as the menu looked amazing. We had a large party of 10 people and were seated promptly. I ordered the Vegetarian Orecchiette which was just the right size and the taste was fabulous. The pasta was done perfectly as well. Definitely something I would order again.  Some of the other items we also ordered were the Lobster & Shrimp Frittata, Kabocha Squash Soup, Duck Hash & Eggs and the Smoked Salmon Benedict. The soup was a hit .. nice flavor and just the right amount of creaminess. The Benedict was the only thing that was not good. The slices of Salmon were too thick and the sauce was tasteless. The reason for the three stars is the service, ,or shall I say the "lack of service" our waiter was very prompt in taking our drink order (which consisted of mostly coffees and teas) and it took about 20 minutes for the order to be delivered. Once we had the drinks, no one offered or came by with refills. Our water glasses were empty by the time we got our food and were never refilled either.  I was perplexed by this as the reviews I had read have raved about the service .. but when the check came it became very clear to me. Tableau automatically adds the Gratuity to large parties. So I am guessing that the server knew he'd get a certain amount regardless of what type of service he gave. This is not acceptable especially since the menu is a bit on the pricey side and the restaurant is categorized on the Wynn website as "Fine Dining."
5	Country 1st class, all the way. Food & Drinks are stellar. Service & Views, spectacular.
4	Tableau is located in the Wynn Hotel and Casino. Most people don't even realize it is there because it isn't visable from the casino floor. It is located in the Wynn tower suite section of the hotel. The restaurant serves breakfast (7:00 am - 11:30 am) & lunch (11:30 am - 2:30 pm) only. You can dine indoors or poolside/outdoor terrace if you choose. As for the food, top quality and well prepared. They also have a vegan menu. When I went, I had the blueberry pancakes, and a glass of orange juice. The pancakes were the best I ever had, and the OJ was the freshest and sweetest I have had in a long time. The place does get crowded, so if you don't want to wait around, make a reservation. The cost, it is located at the Wynn so expect to pay $$$. Because it is usually packed, the time between placing your order and the time the food arrives, can take up to 20+ minutes. So if you are in a hurry or extremely hungry, you might want to look elsewhere. But if you are looking for an upscale breakfast place look no further.
5	YUMThis was the best meal of my trip! We tried:the Wasabi bloody mary (very flavorful not too much heat), regular bloody mary (also great), the duck hash and eggs (awesome, loved the flaky pastry hidden underneath),whole wheat pancakes with blueberries (so so buttery, really delicious)a side of assorted pastries (a cinnamon flaky pastry, a mini chocolate chip muffin, and one other thing that my companions ate up before i could try it)Every bite made me happy! I really loved sitting outside also. It is a beautiful setting. Yes, it's expensive, but what isn't expensive in Las Vegas.  I had this brunch 3 days ago and I'm still thinking about it. Go here!
4	Very Good! Breakfast!Duck Confit Hash!
1	burger came half hour after ordered. it was extremely salty, and second time it came out still salty. on top of the food is not being eatable, we needed to wait at least 10 minutes for the waitress to come by. total lunch was a disaster for us. do not come here.
5	Three words: BEST FRENCH TOAST! Okay, maybe one more word: EVER!!!! Seriously the best French toast I've ever eaten, and worth all twenty dollars! My mouth salivates as I write this review because it's that divine! I would return to Vegas JUST for those heavenly pieces of French bread with bits of orange baked inside, submerged in a delightful white chocolate batter then grilled perfectly to a nice golden brown. DEEEEEEELICIOUS!
2	Good food, but not worth the price. Me and my husband paid $100 (tax and tip) for waffles, the duck omelet thing, and French toast. That's it! You're pretty much going to pay for the ambience, because the food was not up to par.
5	For this celiac, I was impressed with their special allergy menu -- shellfish free, dairy free, nut free, vegan, and gluten free selections.  The food was delicious and beautifully presented.  They even offered us gluten free breads.  But it's the room that's magical.  I don't know exactly when it was renovated, but the colors are yellows, oranges, and greens with whimsical painted animal faces.  Every table has fresh roses - it feels elegant and simple at the same time.  Perfect place to catch up over lunch with a dear friend you've not seen in years - which is exactly why I was there.  Service was attentive and caring.
1	No.Food-wise this was a total miss for me. Started off great with the breathtaking atmosphere, iced coffee, and the complimentary pastries which were delicious, and went downhill very quickly. I ordered the eggs Benedict, with turkey bacon instead of real bacon. My order was brought out incorrectly the 1st time; they brought me some vegan dish with fake eggs and meat. Gross. They brought it back and then brought out the dish I actually ordered, and they forgot the sauce on the side. Waited for that to be brought out. Then I went to bite into my eggs, which were wayyyyy undercooked. It was literally jiggling all over-it looked like it was alive. Even more gross. I order eggs Benedict all of the time and have never seen eggs come out this undercooked. I advised the waitress and she was very apologetic and wanted to bring me something else. She said that's how the chef prepares the eggs, and that they could cook them through more for me. At this point, I was overly hungry and frustrated, so I chose to cancel my order and pick off of my husband's plate instead. His meal was also unenjoyable: he had the hash, which was basically like eating pure salt. He didn't like it either. Total bummer.I would not visit here again for anything but a drink.
5	We've been here twice for brunch and have thoroughly enjoyed our meals here.  We especially enjoyed their Duck Hash and Smoke Salmon Eggs Benedict.  Excellent food and excellent service.  Well done!!!
4	To find this place inside the Wynn, follow the signs to the Tower Suite elevators. It's the Wynn so of course it's nicely decorated, with a bright airy feel, nice artwork and both indoor and outdoor seating. A special touch are the little stools they provide for you to set your designer handbag. No joke, I posted a photo.I made a reservation for brunch, but that didn't seem to do much good since we still waited 20 minutes for a table. Despite this annoyance, we enjoyed our food and our server was very pleasant, so Tableau still  warrants 4 stars. Many Yelper's posted pictures of peach pancakes, but they didn't have this on the menu. Instead, we ordered the Orange and White Chocolate French Toast, delicious. I read somewhere that Steve Wynn is now Vegan and for this reason all of the restaurants at Wynn and Encore have to have a Vegan/Vegetarian menu. I'm not Vegan/Vegetarian but I do enjoy that cuisine, so I asked to see this menu and I posted a picture of it.I was torn on what else to order in addition to the French Toast. On the vegetarian menu there was an Eggs Benedict with a yellow tomato hollandaise sauce that really interested me. I'm not a fan of traditional hollandaise due to its heavy creaminess, but I also wanted real meat, not the fake sausage that came with the Veggie Benedict. So I asked our server if I could order the regular Eggs Benedict but substitute the yellow tomato hollandaise. She was happy to comply with my special request and my entree came out exactly how I wanted it. Another special item was their house-made ketchup. It still had seeds from the tomatoes and it was lighter in texture and taste than bottled ketchup.If you want a nice brunch in Vegas that avoids the gluttony of the buffets then give Tableau a try.
3	I was in the mood for breakfast and I thought trying something new would be a good way to start the day. I really loved the reviews of this place and thought the peach pancakes sounded like something pretty different. Well, no peach pancakes were on teh menu so I went with the blueberry. They were good but not really $16 good. It was really pricey and wasnt the best food I have experienced. I liked it, but for those prices I should love it. My lovely significant other ordered the Duck something something.. (only on on the breakfast menu. It was original and totally different. Potatoes, duck, mushrooms and egg all made into one tasty dish. I liked that alot and was more suited to the price and establishment. Also tried a strawberry smoothie and it was very tasty. They put  some balsamic in it which adds just a hint of sour and it really works well.I will try again and hopefully fine something better on the menu.
4	Classic atmosphere with a little twist. Had the fried oyster appetizer, very good, probably my favorite item. The shrimp scampi was also good, huge shrimp! Husband got the burger which he said was very good. Complimentary bread basket was good, loved the bacon popover. Had a cocktail that was delicious. Waitress was attentive and helpful.
5	Great service.  Great food
3	A group of 5 girls wandered in here for brunch after a long night. We were told to wait for them to set up our table. We waited, and waited, and waited. And the place was empty! Finally we walked back over to the host stand and pretty much demanded to be seated. Things weren't off to a great start. We browsed the menu and ordered several items for the table. I thoroughly enjoyed my salmon Benedict. An egg white omelet was also a success. The lobster fritatta was thoroughly disappointing as was their homemade ketchup. The granola with greek yogurt was quite good. Food came out quickly, which everyone appreciates after a long night. Overall, the food was decent enough to return but the service is what was a bit annoying. Especially considering how empty it was. Five hosts were standing around doing nothing.
5	We stayed at the Wynn and had an $80 breakfast credit/day between the two of us, so we took advantage of that and ate at Tableau four times. Everything we enjoyed was excellent, and the service was superb.MAIN DISHES:Duck Hash & Eggs: Delicious. The duck is flavorful, moist, and most importantly, quite prevalent. The eggs are perfect, as is the tomato hollandaise sauce. This dish is pure perfection. 10/10.Filet & Eggs: The filet is very good, but not spectacular. The eggs were great as per usual, though. 7.5/10.Strawberry Waffles: These were very good as well. The strawberries are mixed into the batter, and the waffles are excellent. No complaints here. 8.5/10.Tableau Breakfast: The pastry basket is delicious, the potatoes are great, the eggs are superb, the bacon is tasty. Everything is very basic, but it's done extremely well. 8.5/10.SIDES:Croissant: Better than the croissants I've had in France. It's buttery, flaky, delicious. The homemade jams that come with it are excellent as well. 9.5/10.Sticky Bun: Quite good. Hard to explain why it's so good, but it is. 9/10.
2	Bad service, get cold espresso more than 10 minute to take our order, more than 30 minute to bring our breakfast, the result is cold breakfast and a lot of a lot of sorry. Hey, i want you to know that i don't accept sorry for many mistake!!! (We start the orders at 11:17 and now it's 12:24 and i just start my breakfast!!)
5	Breakfast here is spectacular!!! I love the ambiance. Bright and clean. Very classy. Tried the banana pancakes which were excellent. Highly recommended!!!
5	A little pricey, but cheaper than a buffet brunch on the weekend and you don't feel obligated to stuff your face. Plus, the service was five star.I had the Spanish three egg omelette and my wife the strawberry waffle. Both were fresh and tasty, I would definitely comeback.
4	Who's a brunch whore? THIS girl. I've dined here twice for brunch, both experiences were awesome.Note: Brunch is served until 2:30pm.First visit: I ordered grilled salmon and it was absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicioso; it was tender and so moist, I felt compelled to reenact that epic orgasm scene from When Harry Met Sally.  Alas, I realized that I was dining at the Wynn and I couldn't bear acting any way other than classy in any one of his properties--except for XS and Tryst, if you know what I mean.  Hur hur hur.Aside from the food, service and demeanor from the wait staff were damn near impeccable.  I was given a mini chair for my purse. For. My. Purse.  Now, let me tell you that my mind was BLOWN away by the awesomeness factor and the meticulousness considered in favor of the customers' comfort.  My purse was safe from the dirt and E. coli on the floors!  Just wow. Second visit:  I ordered the French toast.  C'mon.  I had to have it.  I had to try it.  I can't NOT try every single French toast I see on whatever menu I can get my grubby hands onto. Anyway, it was mediocre.  The presentation was great, but the bread was soggy and couldn't stand up against the custard. The upside was that the bread was a multi-grain oat bread, so I got a good dose of fiber.Again, service was great and made up for the lackluster French toast.  The wait staff was cordial and helpful; you can't go wrong with that.
3	Everything in Vegas is super-sized and at The Wynn  it is out of control. My boss recommended Tableau and she should know -she is a frequenter of fine dining in Vegas. She recommended brunch and it did not disappoint, holy crap $25. For bacon and eggs. Yep they were delish along with that killer fresh squeezed OJ and those dang Bloody Mary's and the seafood Benedict , but almost $100 for brunch. An experience to try once.
4	I would give it 5 stars if it werent so pricey.  For breakfast for 2 was almost 80. Aside from the price this place is amazing. The decor is light and airy.  The colors are happy. The service is great. My server was quick and polite.The food is as good as bouchon. I had whole wheat pancakes.  They tasted too good to be whole wheat. Usually whole wheat pancakes are more chewy. But these could have easily been the real deal. My husband had a waffle and was pleased. The coffee was refreshing as well.Out of all the restaurants we went to in Vegas this was my husbands favorite.
5	The service at this place makes you feel like a movie star. The patio is beautiful and pretty much every seat is shaded which is great. I got the salmon Benedict which was a super generous portion of salmon and so fresh. Bf got the duck confit hash. It was delicious and very savory so you will need to be in the mood for a bit of a heavier breakfast if you order that. Don't miss this brunch on your visit to Vegas. The Wynn is always classy and my favorite hotel. this restaurant is an excellent experience for those looking to enjoy the elegant part of Vegas.
5	One of those Vegas stories that you go back to the real world with: we were sitting next to Larry Flynt here! Complete with gold plated wheel chair, two body guards, middle-aged Asian nurse / possible wife, attempted-assassination related paralysis and all! Anyways, this is one of those classy places that I do not frequent myself, unlike people like Larry Flynt. A place that will provide you with a chair for your purse. A place where they serve you two different kinds of butter with the bread and I am the only one at the table gauche enough to ask why. A place where the only table not too blase and nonchalant to gawk at Larry Flynt is the table that I am sitting at.  The service here is impeccable, as is the decor. There are accouterments like: a single sunrise rose in the middle of the table in a simple, acrylic vase; white linen tablecloths; the aforementioned purse chair (!); everything is so classy and "pinteresty" here!Bread basket included: BACON PASTRIES. Holy crap, I have no idea how you make a bacon pastry light, fluffy, and flaky, yet still taste of bacon and have bacon bits all over it, but somehow they accomplish that here. I ordered the Nautica Smoked Salmon Benedict. I like my yolks super runny - the ones here were a little over for my tastes, but there was a s*itload of smoked salmon, so I could not complain. Literally half the dish was smoked salmon (!). In retrospect it's probably the same good stuff that is at the Wynn buffet, but at the time, I was truly impressed. All my company was equally pleased with how tasty their food was.  Yes, Tableau is expensive, but what nice place on the strip isn't pricey? All in all, this is really a great place to take a break from the Vegas craziness to just have a 14 dollar mimosa with a 27 dollar eggs benedict, with a couple of your buddies, all the while gawking at Larry Flynt.
5	Best breakfast in Las Vegas. Eating here made us decide to stay at the Wynn, next time we are in town.As far as the prices go, it is pretty much is in tune with the surroundings, so if you think its pricey, don't come to The Wynn, go to Circus Circus :)Our waitstaff was friendly and accommodating, even preparing food items to our liking that was different from the menu. They were super attentive, and just plain amazing.They get their products from locally sourced farms, even the honey!I can't wait until I return :)
5	Some of the best service in Las Vegas.  They always refilled me with juice and bread, and provided me with a Wall Street Journal to read.  If you can afford to splurge a bit for a power breakfast, there is probably no better place in Las Vegas.
5	If you like a fancy delicious brunch def try this place.  Loved the peach Bellini and the banana pancakes (among the best ever!).  Great service and atmosphere.
4	We went here for brunch about a week ago with some friends and I loved the environment and food. From the minute we got there the service was good for the most part, the food was all great and for being at the wynn was reasonably priced.  Def give this place a try for breakfast or lunch!
5	First of all, this establishment is absolutely beautiful! & very fitting for an upscale breakfast and brunch restaurant. This place has the absolute best and I mean BEST chicken noodle soup that I have ever tasted in my life so this is my #1 recommendation. They pour the broth right in front of you, live!!! & it's served with these chicken meatballs that are just to die for. Next, I suggest the valencia mimosa to drink as it is light and refreshing! I also got the avocado salad- which was very small, but decent, definitely more of an appetizer. Overall, lovely place to grab a bite to eat.**They have a vegetarian menu available**They also have stools for your purses here :)
5	Service is top notch - Allison, our server for breakfast, was perfect. Vegan and vegetarian options are great. We sat in the conservatory and it was stunning with lots of natural light and overlooking the pool and gardens.
4	I have been a breakfast diner here since its opening and everything is still on par.  I'm not a huge fan of the "redesign", but it hasn't stopped me from coming back!  I highly recommend the duck hash & eggs and the filet & eggs . . . oh and of course, the Tableau potatoes.  Yes, it is a little pricey for breakfast- but you get what you pay for!
1	Inattentive waitstaff....rotting lettuce....gross.Food does not match the ambience. I love staying at the Wynn property because of the usually excellent attention to detail and really great restaurants, casual to fine dining.  We decided to try Tableau for brunch.Very, very disappointed.  I ordered the arugula salad that was horrible.  Half of the arugula was slimy and dark green/black.  Maybe it's just me, but I think the greens should be vibrant, intact(no rotting bits), and taste like arugula should.The waitress didn't seem to think much was anythingwrong with it.  I don't think she addressed it with the chef, as no further mention was made of it and she did not take it off the bill.  I did not pursue any further complaint because I did not want to make anyone in my party uncomfortable.Asked for bread...they didn't bring it.They were not busy at all...maybe with good reason because I sure won't be back.A few observations:   Heirloom Tomato Salad ($20)-  presentation bare bones - sliced with balsamic dressing drizzled on.  Please.....Wasabi Bloody Mary (~$14)was lacking presentation as well...the cucumber slice was wilted and dried, unappetizing.
3	Long wait, even with a reservation.Pricy as they give you small portion.  I weight under 100 lbs and I have a small stomach.  Two of us had to order three items to get satisfied.We regret that we didn't go to the buffet for brunch.
4	Beautiful place to sit down & enjoy brunch. The complimentary bread was rather good; there were 4 varieties: cheese, bacon, spices, & one I can't remember. Assorted pastries was average with the notable one being the banana Nutella one. Skip the drinks.. the smoothie w/ balsamic vinegar was odd, the cranberry smoothie (w/ purple potato, banana, & yogurt) tasted good but the consistency was really starchy - a very filling type of drink, the flight of fruit juices was so-so. Shrimp sandwich was decent. Soft shell crab sandwich was really good; crab is fried but not greasy, almost tasted like a "healthy" sandwich.
5	This was a splurge for breakfast but the restaurant was impeccable.  Service was excellent and the food was great.  It's a small place but very romantic in the main dining room.  My friends took the good seats so I didn't get the good view of the rest of the place but it's beautiful.  I ordered the duck hash and it was complicated and well worth the $24 price tag.  They have great juices, I tried the flight and all of them were delicious and fresh.  The pancakes were perfect but too not a good value.  The servings are not large but decent.
5	After waiting nearly for 30 mins just to get my coffee at the other place I was at for brunch I busted out my yelp app and found tableau.  Left the sugar factory and walked over to tableau with my girl. What a difference!  Tableau is a sexy brunch spot.  Great service, amazing food and they have thought of all the details. One being the mini table for my girl to put her purse down. We ordered the oysters, pancakes and pastrami skillet.  All dishes were great and the smoothie of the day was amazing. Great experience overall, definitely recommended for brunch and I can't wait to go back during my next Vegas trip. Thank you tableau for making this grumpy hungry man leave happy!
4	Food - four starsService - half starWaiter was nice but treated us like we didn't belong there.  Food was good, fresh made ketchup and orange marmalade were excellent.  Popovers were cold and never got a refill of coffee or tea until we had to flag down adjoining waitress.  Manager spent time talking to another table and even after we complained to other wait staff never came to check, but did say have a nice day on the way out after spending $70 for two breakfasts.We
3	If I could give 3.5 stars. Food quality was superb but the service was subpar for $100.00 breakfast for 2. For the good. We each had a flight of juice and the omelette with mushrooms. They brought us the most divine cake/bread to start which was such a treat. The juices was delicious, my favorite was the orange zest. Our omelettes were light, fluffy, and quite tasty. The potato they served was just ok, but didn't distract from the meal. All was yummy. Now for the bad:  First of all, we had a reservation for 11am and we were not seated until 11:22. Once we were seated we were asked for our drink order and while our tea was brought, our water was never poured. When you want to be a 5* place, service counts. Our waitress is really where the value was lost. She was insincere, rushed, and not accommodating. When we asked to have our eggs scrambles one minute after we ordered, she said it was too late, the order was in. Food didn't come for at least 10 minutes later. Then, I had subbed the potato  and toast for a salad. She neglected to mention the upcharge and when we asked her about it, she was rude and obstinate. The manager did handle it well, though. Food was 5 star, service was not. Not sure if run back.
5	Our last breakfast in Vegas and surprisingly our best meal & service.  This place was great.  Pricey, but worth it given the attention paid towards the food & service.
5	Best breakfast in a beautiful restaurant. I rarely eat breakfast but enjoyed this experience, food and cocktails. A chair for my purse $40 purse! Very classy place and excellent service, great pastries and loved the bagels and lox!
5	We found this place based on yelp reviews. It was great. Great setting, friendly staff. We ordered the sour cream banana pancakes and the duck confit hash. Both were incredible.
2	Very nice decor and horrible food. I had duck salad can't even chewed it was so hard and overcooked.  Calamari salad was ok but calamari was cold.
5	Remarkable service, delicious food. Can't ask for much more in a restaurant.
2	The food was a solid 4 maybe 4.5 stars but our service was... well we really didn't have any. Delightful greeting and he did take our order in good time. But then we were abandoned. We begged for a tea refill by flagging down another server. We could not get the check and our server never returned after our brunch was served. To add insult we noticed hot beignets being sent to tables at the end of service. We inquired of the maitre de on the way out and he seemed surprised we were not offered any. To his credit he offered to pack up some to go, but we were over it by this time.    A pretty place and the food was very nicely done, but at $50 a pop per person for brunch you ought to be able to get a refill on the ice tea.
4	"Sublime Elegance"Deep in the recesses of the Wynn casino, amidst the bustling shoppes and casino activities, lies this hidden gem. Having a friend who prefers a vegan diet brought me to search for Tableau. They serve breakfast and lunch only. They have separate menus for different types of allergens and another for vegan/vegetarian, so ask for them if they are a concern.We ended having lunch at the bright and airy conservatory with pristine surroundings that was akin to stepping back in time --there was a sense of understated formality from the wait staff to the china to the ambiance. And the food --simple, sublime, scrumptious.With the bread tray, chose the corn bread which I ate with big dabs of butter. The Pan roasted salmon burger with seasonal fries was just magical with their homemade ketchup, where the seeds from the tomatoes peeked with eagerness.  Eating for the most part gluten-free but not bound by it, I had to eat half of the burger bun, which was soft and delicate yet truly held its form.The service was more reserved (coffee & cream was at the beginning and refilled towards the end) but not necessarily unwelcome. My vegan friend completely enjoyed her Oriccehette pasta dish. Couple that wonderful conversation and it really seemed that time passed by slowly. That beautiful meal. That beautiful experience.
5	This place is good for breakfast and brunch! All food served here is organic, and I can truly taste the difference. My family and I came here to have brunch. We all ordered something different so that we can have a taste of each dish. I ordered the purity juice, this was the perfect way to start my day off. I personally like it cold when I drink juice, so I asked for a side of ice. Just makes the raw juice taste so much better when it's cold. I went for the soft shell crab sandwich, this is a must try! It is very tasty and the crab is nice and crunchy. The batter was well made because when I took a bite into the sandwich, you can hear that crunch as you bite into it. Totally recommend this dish if you ever stop by Tableu. I also really like how the condiments are all made out of scratch, I mean,,,how many restaurant does this nowadays? Very few I've been to does this, and this is one of them.Service was great throughout our brunch, would definitely come back next time I'm in vegas!
2	We stay at the Wynn 6 - 10 times a year. It's like our second home.  Overall their service is amazing and food quality/options are excellent. However, we've been to Tableau several times over the past few months and it falls way short of what we expect from the Wynn. Atmosphere - Nice, bright, comfortableService - Our last two experiences were terrible. Servers had odd personalities, messed up our orders, didn't come back to check on us, etc. Similar experience twice in a row with two different servers. Food - Very hit or miss. There are a few items on the menu which are very good (Burger is one of them). However, other items are mediocre at best. I had the duck confit salad on my most recent visit and the duck tasted like it had been sitting out for 3 days, chewy and no flavor. The entire salad was bland and tasteless. Also, they have very few healthy items on the menu. We spend most of our time in Vegas over indulging so it's nice to have a healthy option when it comes time to detox. Very disappointed and hope they bring this place up to Wynn standards in the near future. Won't be back anytime soon...
4	This place is delicious. The hubby and I shared the Spanish omelette bad the whole wheat pancakes. The pancakes were perfectly sweet and so tasty. I loved the chorizo in the omelette too. It wasn't greasy at all. I lived their fresh made jams and popovers.
4	This place is really cute! My friend and I went for breakfast around 9am and we made reservations. We didn't go in right away. The hosts advised us to wait a couple of minutes (we waited about 10). We sat down and the host gives me this mini chair to put my bag. I thought that was uberly cute! The table setting was nice and the server too. The atmosphere and the vibe- I'll give it a 5/5. Food:My friend ordered the Spanish omelette and I ordered an item that was off the menu. I tried my friend's omelette and the Spanish omelette was rly good! It had a very interesting taste to it. I had a French toast and that was rly good too! The only reason I give a star down is because of the portion. The portion is a little small (maybe bc it's fine dining?). Other than the portion part this place is a must come! Also it's perfect spot for a brunch date!
5	Located in the Wynn Casino, came here especially because there is something for everyone.  If you have special dietary needs, ask for one of their allergen or vegan menus.  I have heard that Steve Wynn was vegan for a period, and makes sure there is vegan options available in his restaurants.  I saw on their website that Wynn and Encore have teamed with vegan chef Tal Ronnen to offer unique and healthy alternatives any time of the day.  This made it an easy choice to come here.  I thoroughly enjoyed my Orecchiette with wild mushrooms, asparagus and fresh tomatoes!  My friend had the salmon burger with French fries and house made ketchup.  He raved about the ketchup, and so I tried it out with a French f.ry.  The ketchup was so good, I almost wished I had something to put the ketchup on!The service was impeccable, the atmosphere was charming with cozy comfortable chairs. They even had these cute little purse stools, for your purse!  I'm planning on another trip to Vegas in October, definitely planning on returning then!
4	We had breakfast here during out stay in Vegas. Worth the effort to come over to the Wynn and we will definitely be back. Just like everything, prices are steep but not outrageous. Food was excellent and service was spot on. They even had a stool for my handbag :) Next time we will try out their lunch menu.
1	I went here for my annual Thanksgiving breakfast and will never be back. Aside from the hostess, who I had grown to "know" over my dinging with them, the customer service was an embarrassment. I am usually one to consider the "whys"- not this time. Something about this place has changed and not in a good way.
3	If you are looking to spend a nice time surrounded by classy atmosphere or looking to impress someone, then this is the spot.  Outside seating is by the Wynn pool and interior decor is upscale.  Be ready to spend some money cause menu items are not cheap.  HOWEVER, if you are looking for good dining or looking to be full by the end of your meal, this is not the spot.  Came for brunch on Sunday with family and wasn't impress with menu selection or prices.
5	Whoa. Classiest outdoor breakfast in Vegas. Yes Its expensive but if you're here for more than a couple days and you need to breathe some fresh air outside and have a glass delicious detoxifying juice then this is your place. There is a vegetarian menu and regular menu. I ate twice during my Vegas stay. One morning I had a breakfast has and the other a chorizo omelette. Both were fantastic and filling!
4	It was great breakfast ever!  Only think I have to give then four star because;-we made a reservation but we still have to wait more than 30 min.-the server made mistake my friend dish, she had to wait another 10 min to have it.
3	Just Ok.   Popovers, corn muffins Ok.   $20 for 8 slices of tomato just Ok.  Clam and corn chowder was good.   But the frito misto seafood salad was subpar - the breading was too heavy and too salty for the seafood, and the heavy sauce had a weird flavor.   Caesar salad was just Ok.  Will likely not return even though I'm in the Wynn Tower Suites with elevators that open near the Tableau entrance.
2	We went here for a wedding reception, so I am not sure of the pricing.  House chardonnay was good. I ordered the scallops for an appetizer, and my husband had the risotto--they were both out of this world!  Service was great too--they even brought me a tiny chair for my purse which cracked me up! For the main, my hubby had the flank steak and I had roasted chicken. He liked his, but I didn't have 1 bite of my dry, flavorless chicken. Ick. Next time I would go and just share some appetizers, because those were divine!
3	Went here for breakfast and it was just okay. The vegan options were minimal and our meal was just ehh.
3	Decent breakfast but definitely way overpriced for such stingy portions.Wasabi Bloody Mary = Good Bloody Mary but couldn't really taste the wasabi.Seared Foie Gras = Decently seared foie gras, which went amazing (as all foie gras does) with my breakfast. Yeah, don't judge, I'm from California so I'm eating foie gras whenever I get a damn chance.Three-Egg Omelet = Standard, small omelet. Nice ambiance for a Sunday brunch (especially with all the sunlight), but the food just wasn't great enough to really recommend.
5	My wife and I had a great breakfast here great food, great service. It is on the more expensive side but it's very much worth it, they have a vegan menu.
5	Let's start this off and say this: Yes, it is pricey. BUT, you should not expect anything less, because: 1) You're in Vegas, you're not in some small little town. Expect, to spend more than you're use to. 2) It's in the Wynn Encore. Do I need to say more? 3) You're on vacation, splurge (if you don't have the money, then why are you here?)Moving on to the food, by far the best breakfast I've ever had. I've been to Vegas twice in the past 3 years and each visit, I have breakfast here at least 3 times. I LOVE the pancakes, super moist and fluffy. The first time I ever had it, I had the Huckleberry Pancake (seasonal), it was just sooo delicious, I went back the next day just for this. The Norwegian Eggs Benedict, was simply divine, the best I ever had and trust me I've had this plenty of times from high end restaurants to your lower end. And to top it all off, the coffee was amazing. I don't know what kind of blend it is or even if it's anything special, but it was very aromatic, not too bitter, you can definitely tell it was brewed at the right temperature.I cannot wait for my next visit to Vegas. Definitely coming back!(And yes, my review is catered towards breakfast only. I have not been here for lunch or dinner.)
2	It was about a week before and we hadn't made plans for Easter brunch. I yelped the top list of brunch spots in town and went down the list to see if I could get a reservation. All of the major spots were already booked. So, I changed my approach and went to the open table website and looked for restaurants that still had open seats. This is actually a great way of booking a restaurant during a busy weekend. It worked out well and I will do this again. Tableau had good reviews on yelp (which is my go to source) so I booked it. The restaurant is located near the tower suites in the Wynn. The decor in the tower suites area is very well done. It is airy and opulent with light marble and soft green tones. Definitely a ladies who lunch kind of vibe. The restaurant was actually less impressive in comparison. The design on the back of the chairs is horrible. Food: We started off by sharing a large chocolate croissant which was just okay. It had been coated with butter which gave the pastry a greasy look. The texture was flaky and served warmed. The temperature was good but I usually like my croissants a bit more doughy.  I had the Spanish 3 egg omelet. It was very flavorful. I would recommend it. The only thing I would say is that the chorizo is more like a spicy ham that chorizo. But still, good. My husband ordered the filet and eggs. His dish was basic. There was no sauce or dressing given with the steak. The meat was over-salted and cut did not seem like a true filet cut.Highlight:All in all it was a good experience. I'm glad we checked it out. But, there are so many other places to check out at the Wynn that we'll try somewhere else next time. We are new to the area and the best part of the brunch was that we discovered the Wynn hotel. The garden was decorated with an all flower carrousel. It was dreamy.
3	The service was not good, but the food was. I ordered the Spanish omelet and my buddy got the eggs Benedict.  The chorizo tasted like pepperoni, but was still good.  I had to ask for cream for my after about 5 minutes.  I had toast but no butter or jam delivered to the table. There was no follow up or offer to refill our mimosas until our dishes had been cleared. We probably waited 15 minutes after our food was gone before our credit cards were run/ returned.  I would not return or recommend. B
4	We have been here twice for breakfast in April 2013 and our sept 2013  trip both times brunch was excellent. My daughter loves the duck confit hash and any of their healthy smoothies.  Me and my son in law like a plain breakfast eggs potatoes and bacon which is good here. Service is always wonderful.
4	Awesome place for brunch. Everything we ordered was good.  Very nice place , especially reguest to seat on the outside patio.
5	Everything was perfect from the service to the food to the ambiance. Elegant and relaxing at the same time. I had the traditional breakfast with eggs, bacon, English muffin, and bread basket. The basket included a melt in your mouth chocolate croissant, blueberry muffin, and apple turnover. All in perfect sizes. Everything was cooked perfectly and presented with class. I will go here every trip!
4	Breakfast by the pool, luxurious with the white tablecloth and misters overhead on a hot day. Love the fresh juices: Purify, Sunrise, etc. breakfast burrito and steel cut oatmeal were our favorites.
5	This restaurant was delicious.  I would definitely recommend it.  Very friendly staff.  The atmosphere was amazing.  From the breads to the dessert, it was truly a great experience
4	Really great place to enjoy a meal. The staff is super nice and the service is top notch.
3	I went with a few people who liked their food but I was largely disappointed.  (I'd give it two stars based on my food alone).  Service was good and it's a very cute spot.  Nice decor, bright, airy and not too cold.  The food was not at all like the reviews said regarding the smoked salmon eggs benedict.  I'm not sure, but I would guess people are impressed by how much smoked salmon there was.  The smoked salmon was good but the eggs and hollandaise were soooo bland. Completely tasteless.  I must have read 10 reviews about how good this dish was and could not believe how bland it was.  I dine constantly in big cities so yes, the prices are remarkably high but I'm fine paying $27 for a dish if it is delicious but this was not.  It was so bland (except for the smoked salmon) and I wasn't fooled into thinking it was good because they gave me a ton of smoked salmon (and it was good not great smoked salmon).  This was not even close to my best meal in Vegas and I would not recommend it.My friends said their omlettes were good.
2	Seeking a morning cup of coffee I went to take advantage of a complimentary breakfast at Tableau. I appreciate their decision to serve Intelligentsia brews, but to offer only a dark roast and decaf option is baffling. I prefer a light roast, medium if I have to - dark roasted coffee mutes the flavor of the beans and adds a bitterness that some find bracing but I find off putting. I still appreciated the brew, but it seemed a shame that I had to add sugar to a ten dollar cup of coffee, even if it was complimentary. I ordered the breakfast sandwich on a whim, but it fell short of my expectations as well. The bacon and tomato jam were top notch, but the brioche roll and fried eggs seemed ill conceived. For one, I prefer the bread for a sandwich like that to be crispy. Then, the fried eggs, delicately and carefully cooked in butter leaving a pristine white with nary a fleck of brown, were completely wrong for this sandwich. The perfectly runny egg yolk dripped onto my fingers and all over the plate, and turned the roll to a soggy mess. There are many fine opportunities to break out showy culinary school techniques, but a breakfast sandwich is not one of them.
5	- Excellent food. Pastry was so good.- Great service.- Even that I didn't have reservation, I didn't wait too long.- I went twice on the same trip. - The veggie option is really good.
5	One of my all-time favorite breakfast & brunch spots anywhere. It's become a Vegas tradition to grab brunch at Tableau on Sunday morning before leaving town -- brunch here is perhaps what I look forward to most, and is one of the few mandatory stops on the Vegas itinerary. What particularly stands out is the exemplary service -- the careful attention to detail throughout Wynn's properties finds no exception here. The staff addresses you by name and has a uncanny knack for making you feel as if you're their sole customer.We order the Tableau Breakfast, which includes the pastry basket -- an assortment of freshly-baked pastries and jams that rival (or surpass) those found at any fine-dining establishment. The meal is filling and delicious and leaves nothing left to be desired. Coffee served is from Intelligentsia (perhaps the best coffee-roaster in LA). The atmosphere is unique in that you feel just as comfortable in boat shoes and a polo than in swim-trunks and a t-shirt. The tables are white-linen clad, and the space is beautiful and airy, with large windows that face the VIP pool to the east. The walk to the bathroom, through the marble-clad, tower suites lobby, takes you past several, rotating pieces of art from Mr. Wynn's private collection. I spotted a Picasso (authentic) just outside the men's room door. In fact the dining room's decor always reminded me of Picacco's, post 30's, expressionist works  -- not a coincidence, I'm starting to believe. Tableau (and The Wynn) is a respite from a town that can otherwise be tacky, over-priced and sub-par. I greatly enjoy spending time here and look forward to visiting for years to come.
5	5-stars for the duck hash and amazing service!!I originally heard mixed reviews about Tableau due to their small portions, but I am so glad that I decided to try it!AMBIANCE: This restaurant feels like it's designed for the upper class. I felt like I should have been wearing a summer dress and sipping on English tea. I liked the design of the restaurant, with the large windows for a view of the outside.SERVICE: The service was great and they were so accommodating! They had a vegetarian/vegan menu for my boyfriend. After he ordered the vegetarian eggs Benedict, our waitress mentioned that the English muffin had eggs in it and asked if he'd like to substitute something else for it. I know it's typical for restaurants to ask that, but I think most would forget those little things. I was very impressed at how accommodating they were.FOOD: The duck hash was amazing! The pastry layer on the bottom was so yummy and everything just complemented so well. The roasted tomato hollandaise made everything so delicious, and there was actually a lot of duck. It was also the perfect portion for me. I am definitely coming back for it.I also tried my boyfriend's vegetarian eggs Benedict and was impressed as well! The veggie patty was really good, along with the scrambled tofu and hollandaise.The portions are on the smaller side, so you might want to order sides. Regardless, the duck hash is a MUST TRY!
4	Tableau is a very open and inviting restaurant. The one thing we enjoyed about Tableau is their outside seating and the weather was perfect for having brunch outside. The seating arrangements are done well, you're not close to your neighbors and can enjoy your meal freely. Service was efficient and fast. We never had to ask for our drinks to be refilled and they made sure our coffee was filled which was real nice.The first order was museli. It was made with cinnamon and small strips of apples. You are served with milk, brown sugar, etc. The museli was soft and tasty. The aroma of the cinnamon was enticing. We enjoyed the museli quite a bit.We ordered the lemon ricotta pancake.....need I say more? It was gooood! If it was a short or full stack, we would have eaten it in a hot second. The hint of lemon was perfect and the ricotta added a very nice texture to the pancake. It was served warm and moist. We didn't even use the butter or the maple syrup.  Next order was their benie! They make their benies 3 ways and we chose the most basic one. It had cured ham, poached egg, and a nice sauce to which we requested be put on the side. I still enjoy Mon Ami Gabi's benie more but Tableau was good.Overall, Tableau was a good surprise. We will be back for more in the near future!
2	So mad we wasted 90 dollars at this place. Made a reservation over A WEEK in advance b/c we live in Vegas and my considerate bf wanted to take us out for a nice brunch. Told the hostess I wanted a WINDOW seat and was willing to wait even though we had a reservation if it meant a window.  Wait 15 minutes and get taken to a table even though Im staring at 2 empty window seats. Tell the hostess what I originally said. wait 10 more minutes for a window. 2 window seats available. One still has not been bussed but is a much better seat. One is in the corner meaning one persons view is of the wall. Ask for the former. Again, willing to wait. She comes back and tells me "that table is already spoken for". Guess they spoke for it more than a week ago since I had the reservation and noone waiting for a table was ahead of us but tired of waiting. And I'll go ahead and add now that that table sat empty for over 30 minutes so I guess the hostess decided we weren't good enough for that table?   Waiter comes and is very nice, offers suggestions and we order drinks and food. Food comes about 15 minutes later and is wrong. WE NEVER SAW THE WAITER AGAIN! My boyfriend went ahead and ate his food b/c it was getting cold. But that waiter never came back. Some waitress started helping us when we HAD ALREADY FINISHED EATING, pretty much 20 minutes and 2 empty drinks later. I am literally making eye contact with our waiter and he never came back.   SOOOO... waitstaff is great -if you can find them, and food was really good-not what we ordered but we liked it. Overall service was so bad it isn't worth it. There are too many good places to eat to deal with this kind of thing in Vegas. I only give the 2 stars bc the food was really good. The service is BEYOND TERRIBLE.
4	We arrived for Saturday brunch and we didn't see foie gras on the menu, but we were able to order it anyway. It was amazing. It was seared perfectly and the proportion was pretty generous. The texture was silky and buttery. Mmmm, that was the best I've had in years!The only drawback was the food took forever to come out.
5	For a non-buffet breakfast or lunch, this is one of the best on the Las Vegas strip. The pancakes are perfectly made here with just the right amount of airiness to them. Service was perfect, in fact perhaps too polite.
3	Since we stayed at the tower suite, their breakfast was The first morning, we had-Duck hash and eggs- FIVE STARS! One of the best breakfast(brunch) I had. The duck was tender, pie pastry was perfectly baked, potato was great with duck and sauce was perfect. $29-Oscar filet Benedict- Four Stars - eggs Benedict with filet and crab. It was very tasty! Filet was cooked perfectly, combination of filet and crab with the eggs and english muffin was interesting but worked well. $27-Coffee- ok over priced large coffee for $14.-Orange ginger zest- great fresh squeezed juice. A bit pricy at $10 for a small.The second morning, we had-Tableau breakfast- two stars at best - comes with scramble eggs, chicken apple sausages, one potato(delicious but tiny), pastry and coffee. It was kinda disappointing. Nothing special for $23. -Peach pancakes- two stars at best - 3 small pancakes with peaches on top. Nothing else and nothing special except the very high price for three pancakes: $17-Orange ginger zest again $10We really liked the food there. It's a bit pricy but we are at the Wynn so I guess that's the Wynn price.
5	After yelping this restaurant and seeing several glowing reviews, I decided to commit and gave it a shot.  And how glad I am that I did.  The complimentary popovers, of which they had quite a variety, were very tasty.  I asked for two...:-)  For my main, I ordered the shrimp BLT.  The sandwich was very good.  It was not simply a "shrimp" sandwich.  It's better described as a jumbo prawn, super BLT!  The dressing on the sandwich was very flavorful and the portion substantial.  The bacon component of this BLT was actually crispy prosciutto.  Overall, it was a good dish.  The service was first class and the decor elegant.  I recommend this restaurant for lunch or brunch.
5	Feels like an insider tip, a little gem hidden away in the Wynn.  Both breakfast and lunch offer innovative takes on comfort food and I especially loved the oatmeal, duck hash with eggs, and the Spanish dried ham with micro greens and poached eggs.  Perfect for business, easy to converse, with tables well spaced. Most attentive wait staff. 5 stars.
3	We came here for lunch and sat outside on the baloney. The view overlooks the pool, which was very nice. It was a weekday, so the pool was not as busy, but it was still so hot!We order a strawberry smoothie hoping to cool own down, but it came out creamy and room temperature. Not refreshing at all!I ordered the soft shell crab sandwich and my gf ordered the tuna. It sandwich was pretty good, but the flavors did not blow me away. Her tuna was only a few pieces of nicely cooked tuna with some green sauce and caviar on top. Her did was also did not taste amazing for such a small portion. Overall, the ambiance is nice, but their drink was warm and their lunch food was just average.
5	Breakfast is terrific. The croissants (plain and chocolate) are not to be missed. And the service is wonderful.  Every detail is managed beautifully.
4	Organized a business breakfast here and was impressed by how attentive and efficient the service was. We were seated at a great table facing the windows. I really liked the little chair they offered for purses, too cute.I had the duck hash & eggs which was delicious, although the pancakes looked great too. Tableau is perfectly classy and elegant, yet casual at the same time.
5	I found myself here for my fathers bday breakfast I have been looking forward to eating at this spotFirst off the restaurant is located in the Wynn(Wynn is the swankiest hotel in Vegas)So you know this place is not Denny's So we made reservations the night beforeCouple things about this is They had a requirement of business casualAnd collared shirts no sandals and noKids under 5  Don't worry about any of that I saw t-shirts, mandels and a 3 year old  Made a special request for the b-day On opentableThe restaurant itself basically has the nicest decorThat you can imagine. its where the top 1% have breakfastIt has a feel of a billionaires mansion or a Hollywood movie setThe menu is smaller then it should be but it has a lot of original Choices. You cannot make a bad decision on this menu You get what you pay for and you will pay a lot and you beVery pleased with whatever you have The service was first class and they come through withA perfect bday request answered If you want feel like a baller or feel like a queen Impress a date go here for the ultimate breakfast experience GO HEREIf you care about money do not enter you will get hurt
5	Breakfast or lunch and even business lunches will be a perfect place for you. Food is incredible and the service as always at the Wynn, 5 stars. My wife was given a chair of sorts for her purse. i thought that was kind of classy.
5	A magical brunch in Vegas. The food and the service here is impeccable. I was so excited about the food that I even had coffee (I'm not a fan of coffee). Those warm biscuits are delightful and so is the decor. Super cute purse stands...I think that's what they're called. Anyhow, overall experience was wonderful. Next time I go to Vegas, I'm definitely coming back to eat here and possibly even staying at Aria. Our waitress was really sweet and attested to the fact that In and Out burger can't be missed when you travel the West Coast.
5	Everything was great!  We will return - next time with more friends!
4	Overpriced brunch, however it's the Wynn and VEGAS. I had the Canadian bacon egg benedicts. Presentation was nice and it was good. I sat outside at the patio area and the weather was gorgeous, low 70s and sunshine. The atmosphere was nice, but I can't imagine outside sitting for hot months! The wasabi Bloody Mary was delicious but I wouldn't have paid $16 for it again. Had to at least try it once.
5	You know a place is swanky when they bring you a padded stool for your wife to rest her purse on and the waiter addresses you by name.  Tableau is pricey, but goes out of its way to justify it.The assorted specialty juices are good.  The selection of breads and pastries are fine as well.  Disclaimer: I've only had the breakfast fare at Tableau.  The white chocolate and orange French toast is good.  An off menu pastrami and egg special was exceptional.  The only thing I was disappointed by was the Canadian bacon on the eggs Benedict which was a bit tough.  The portions are small.  No one is getting fat eating at Tableau.While it is possible to walk in, Tableau is popular so make a reservation.  The yelp reservation app works well and we were seated immediately when we used it.  The hostesses have had things running smoothly every time I've gone.If the weather is nice, ask to dine on the patio.  Unless an overweight Eastern European middle aged man is sunning himself in a Speedo by the pool, it only adds to the experience.  If the fat man is sunning, focus on your table mate or the smiling wait staff.
5	I don't think I've ever had a better brunch experience than the one I just had at Tableau.Bf and I made reservations for 2 and when we arrived, the hostess was friendly and guided us to our spacious table. The service was impeccable and unfortunately I forgot our server's name but he was tall and wore glasses and was very helpful.The lemon ricotta pancakes were as good as everyone had praised, and the nautica benedict with smoked salmon was fantastic. The bread service had 4 all delicious sounding options and bf and I thoroughly enjoyed our corn bread and bacon bread. Overall, it was definitely a great place to enjoy the end of a Vegas trip and I would not hesitate to come back in the future.
5	Outstanding breakfast at tableau.  The duck confit hash was out of this world.  Also loved the lemon ricotta pancakes.  Great location and service.
5	My best dining experience in Vegas thus far. I loved everything about Tableu, the ambiance, the service and the food was all 5 star quality for me. Is it expensive? Yes, but have you been to Vegas lately? Everything is expensive. This one however was worth every penny. We walked on a busy Saturday morning for brunch, a large group and our wait was about 30-40 min. We were seated indoors, due to the cold. Our server Georgina really took care of us, she answered all of our questions and really tended to us the whole two and a half our we were seated there. The food? AMAZeeeee! What I tried? Their fresh juices, the Bloody Mary, the intelligentsia coffee, the steak Benedict and the duck hash. The duck hash was perfectly combined with a creamy cheese sauce inside of a puff pasty  topped with eggs any style you want. The steak Benedict had decadent crab meat hidden underneath which complimented the steak and bernaise sauce beautifully!This was an amazing meal I will cherish forever and I cannot wait to go back to the Wynn to enjoy this amazing meal again. Oh did I mention they have a little cushion for your purse! This place is a must try, please try it, you will not be disappointed!
5	Tableau is hands down one of my favorite restaurants at the Wynn/Encore (and I love just about every restaurant I've tried at either hotel). I went here yesterday with my family for Saturday morning brunch and we all loved it!It's located in the Wynn, but considerably tucked away (adjacent to the Tower Suites - you have to walk through a coffee shop/lobby to get to it). The ambiance is very pleasant - there's an open view of the pool. We were seated at a cozy table right by the window.Between us, we ordered the Hudson Valley foie gras as an appetizer (it was so sweet of Tableau to accommodate this request, considering it's technically on the lunch menu and we went during breakfast/brunch hours), Maine lobster salad (for me) and vegetarian omelets (for my mom and grandma). The foie gras was fantastic - it was served on a slice of cornbread with a delicious strawberry basil jam. The cornbread was an excellent compliment to the foie, and the jam was perfectly sweet. My salad was generously seasoned with chilled fresh lobster, and I was tickled by the fact they sliced boiled quail eggs into it. The citrusy dressing was light and fresh, as well. I can't comment on the omelets but my mom and grandma seemed to immensely enjoy them, along with the red sauce it was served with. I did sample one of their hash browns and it was great - I loved the fact they were molded into tiny little cake-like structures. Great presentation overall - something you wouldn't expect from breakfast. When we were nearing the end of our meal, we were approached with a basket of freshly baked bread options - popovers (with or without bacon), cornbread, and muffins. I chose the cornbread (it was just so good!) and my mom and grandma got the regular popovers. It was a very nice ending to a great meal. Service was great as well.If you're in Las Vegas and looking for a great breakfast/brunch option, I highly recommend Tableau. It's a wonderful spot!P.S. If you're like me and like to scour Yelp reviews/photos before going to a restaurant, you should know that they unfortunately no longer serve the milk and cookie souffle I was dying to try. Still, they have other great options you shouldn't miss!
5	I stayed at the Wynn for four days and ate at Tableau 3 of the four days. We loved it! They make fresh juice that is fantastic. The food seems to be made to order and doesn't taste microwaved. They have so many fantastic choices that we would rather have a late big breakfast and skip lunch. The service is friendly and prompt. If you are not into Vegas buffet, this is the best place for breakfast hands down.
