5	This place was pretty cool! They had a wide variety of cigars and also a nice sitting area between the cigar area and bar for smoking =)
4	What a great place to drink, smoke and watch the masses unveil themselves in sin city.
4	Probably the best mojito of my life, and the cigar was not bad at all.  Amazingly, the help made a great recommendation.  Asked for something smooth with a vanilla draw, all though they do not stock my personal favorite, Montecristo, Arturo Fuente makes an awesome cigar.  Great place to rest and take it all in.
4	Viva Las Vegas!  Ever since my bf and I have been going to Vegas, we've made it our tradition to stop by our favorite bar/cigar lounge at the Ceasers!  This place has a great atmosphere and not to mention the HOT looking women servers!  Avoid this place if you're disturbed by cigar smoke because you will reek!  But if the smoke doesn't bother you, stay and sip on the mojitos and red sangria (white sangria is a tad too sweet for my taste)!  My bf always smokes the cigars there so I assume they have a good selection. :)  On my end, I just sit back, drink, and people watch!
4	If you like cigars, this is a great hot spot for the relaxing puff. For drinkers, the mojitos are the best. For drinkers who may not like cigar smoke, perhaps find another establishment. Fortunately, I like to occasionally smoke cigars and drink mojitos, so it's the place to be. The cigar room is very nice and you get a good education on the brands(my friend had his first cigar)The servers are very polite, helpful, and not to mention extremely attractive! I mean very attractive, my friend who was getting married even had second thoughts, LOL.  Their outfits mirror those that Jasmine from Aladdin would wear(minus the veil). Great way to wind down the Vegas experience if you're in the Forum Shops.
5	My favorite place to chill in the afternoon in Vegas, I get a nice Opus X or God of Fire and kick it with some Caipirinhas. The waitresses are beautiful, friendly and provide great service, their uniform is what I would imagine a waitress wearing in pre-Castro Cuba at a beach resort. My last trip to Vegas, I was here everyday after lunch.
4	I love Fuente cigars. And no better place for a married man like me to hang out while the wife shops than a good cigar bar. Not so keen on the seating "outside" in the mall, but I guess it's okay for people watching. Minus one star for the lack of service - the waitress was overwhelmed. And she tried to charge us for one round more than we had. A seemingly common occurrence in Las Vegas - at least this trip. And at least she asked before she closed us out.What counts here is that it's a cigar. Bar. In a mall. With Pisco Sours. And fresh Mojitos. And an HD TV showing UFC. Enough said.
5	My wife had to get some cigars for a co-worker back home, so we decided to stop by Casa Fuente.  We both had no idea what to get him, so we asked the sales rep in the humidor.  He was already smoking a cigar, so who better to ask, right?He suggested some Arturo Fuente Cigars.  Since I was in the mood, I decided to get one as well.  Had the cigar cut for later.  I decided to smoke the cigar at the bar where I had some money at the sports book.  Cigar went down smooth.  One of the smoothest cigars I've had.  None of the crappy aftertaste you have in the cheaper cigars.  Overall, the place was great to browse and the staff is very knowledgeable.  I would stop by again the next time I'm in town.
4	I have several reasons to love this place.The MOST important is NOT, however, the cigars.  Yes, the cigars were great -- and they have something for everyone . . . as long as it's made by Fuente.  (Fortunately, however, I like their cigars so this wasn't a problem.)  No, the best thing about this place is that it's the ONLY place in Las Vegas I've found that has (not "good" but) truly GREAT ESPRESSO!OK, yeah, it's the cigars that draw people to this place.  And, as I say, they have a good selection, all the accessories, AND it's the only place in the Forum Shops one can light up.  They have  "outdoor" seating (I mean, come on, it's Vegas -- who wants to be outside in 101-degree heat???  You're "outside" in the Forum Shops!  They also have a dark wood bar and a couple of tables "inside", with a flat panel TV tuned to whatever game is on at the time.  They offer a full bar, but surprisingly limited in what rums they offer.  Well, I was surprised, based on the fact they're going for the look and atmosphere of "old" Cuba.  A lot more whisky than rum, though the 12-year old Montecristo does provide a nice rum to sip while enjoying a cigar.  They also make the best Mojito I had while in Vegas, too . . . .What's not to love?AND . . . let me add that, while it IS true the crowd is mostly men, there were a number of women here -- some enjoying a cigar, some now -- AND not every table here was smoking, either.  One couple showed up and ordered tea.  Apparently they were regulars, too, as the waitress knew them be name.  One cup of green tea and an Earl Grey later, and they were off . . . Casa Fuente:  it's not just for cigars anymore!  ;*)
4	The cigars here are great. There's no question. The big problem for me is cost, whcih should say that I shouldn't be buying cigars in Vegas because you pay through the teeth for them. IT's a nice set-up, a good place to smoke, and most importantly, it feels like a cigar bar should. I had a helluva Manhattan here, despite a somewhat lacking selection of bourbons. The guys were knowledgable and the place was fun, but really, I didn't feel like the price was worth it.
5	At Forum Shops at Ceasers Palace, this place is heaven.  Only sell Fuente cigars and quite an atmosphere inside and out.  Plenty of drinks but hey its Las Vegas what did you expect.  I like to relax here on sundays outside read my paper and drink!
5	ALWAYS a must-go when we're in town.+1 star for the great selection of cigars+1 star for awesome people-watching location in the Forum Shops. There's nothing better than watching drunk people stumble around with shopping bags from high-end stores. You know they will regret it tomorrow.+1 star for attentive service from hot waitresses+1 star for the delicious cocktails (I live and die by their white sangria)+1 star for hilarious memory created by a  friend that passed out in a locked bathroom stall with his pants around his ankles after a loooong afternoon of indulging in strong mojitos, sangria, and cigars.
4	Prices: ExpensiveAtmosphere: Clubby, ChicService: ExcellentThe eye candy here is over the top! Did not realize the extensive selection of cigars they carry. Owner was very helpful, friendly and informative. If you are a cigar aficionado, which I am not, you will love this place. Location is a bit odd but it worked!
4	For all of those who have read my reviews know that everywhere I go I will find a cigar shop out there, and Casa Fuente is my go to place on the strip for cigars, though there is one other that is modest in comparison that I will yelp about later.So here they have Ashtons and Arturo Fuentes (of course) as well as a cigar that's priced at $125 where they only sell it there, limited selection of 6000 made.  The other cigars are not overly priced at all.... they range between $8 - $125 you just need to know what you're buying. I got a Ashton import for $14 - anywhere else $14. They even had a nice cameroon wrapper one for $10 that smoked great.I'd get deep into the nuances of the cigars and what not, but you know me, I like to yelp for the common man. So humidor was a good size no larger than the Big Easy in Sherman Oaks, can fit about 5 shoppers comfortably, they have an awesome bar with tasty libations, but I found out that besides a mojito get a pepsi or a coke and you'll be good, because like the mojito it's sweet and pairs with well with the bitterness of the cigars. But when you order a soda it's $5 and served in a plastic glass, so get the mojito for 5 bucks more. The service is nice, but there was only one on duty on their outside/inside patio. Where people walk in because you look so cool out there ;)So grab a stick and enjoy a cocktail. (it may be nicer to stay inside so you're not reminded that you're in vegas)
4	After hearing about this place from a friend I was looking forward to several of the things he had described. Hot waitresses lighting your cigar, giving you drinks and striking up conversation seemed like an excellent thing....I'll get into the cigars last.Thing was...this guy was wrong about a couple things. They do have hot waitresses...oh so damned hot waitresses...wait one more...damned HOT! They were very nice too but they're not there to converse with you, they're there to waitress they're not Geishas LOL Leslie, Alisha and I'm sorry but I forgot the name of the 3rd waitress I'd met, but all three were smokin!!! The bartenders were great folks too! Patricia, Jen and Ray were nice, attentive and if you don't know what you wanna drink and don't want a 4 Horsemen, just ask them and they've got their craft down. I don't remember all the stuff we had drank but what stands out was their White Gummy Bears, Washington Apples and the Orange juice in a can. The cigars are pricey and honestly, instead of the $40 Opus X or Casa Fuente's signature stogie, I was looking for my Illusion MK that I have on Fridays at West Coast here in Cali.What made this place for me were it's employees. From the guys at the cigar register, the girl helping folks pick a stogie to the all important bartenders and waitresses that give the happy dreams...oh the memories.****NOTE TO THE SBC****We've prepped them for your arrival. If Patricia is your bartender, mention you'd like a 4 Horseman or 3 Wisemen for the Token White Guy and see her response.If Jen is your bartender, try to get her out to party. She's hilarious, but she never went out with us. If Ray is your bartender ask him for the best burrito joints. If Alisha is your waitress....don't stare so damned hard son!!!!!! That's my future wifey!!!
5	You are a foo if you do not visit this place when your in Vegas.  If not for the cigars, for the drinks.  My wife and I stumbled across this place a couple years ago, walking through the shops in Ceasers Palace.  I tell I have had some great moments in this place.  Lets start off with the owner, who is always there.  This guy looks like something out of old eighties gangsta movie.  Except he dresses like a drug lord, and you never seen a man with so much gold.  The waitress are real polite and hot!  Dude I'm telling you, my wife even agress!  You have to have the sangria, they have both red and white.  I loved the red sangria with strong notes of cinnamon and plum.  They also awesome mojitos, and a great selection of scotches and cognacs.  There is nothing like enjoying a great cigar with a glass of JW blue neat.  If your not a big cigar person, and do not know what to get, do not worry.  The sales people are very friendly and they help you pick out a great cigar.  WARNING!!!  If your a beginner stay away from the strong cigars and scotch or you will end up like my friend, passed out on the public toilet of ceasers with your pants around your ankles, and have your friends taking pictures of you and sending them to everyone you know.  True story!
5	So for those that do and those that don't. If you smoke, the cigars are all Fuente labels = fantasticIf you drink, the mojito's are the best in Vegas; period. If you don't smoke or drink, the servers are beautiful and the French press coffee and espresso is fantastic. The bottom line is that this spot is the ultimate man cave in the middle of Vegas's premier shopping mall.
5	You cannot go to Las Vegas without going to Casa Fuente at Ceasars Palace.  The is a great place to go to sit and have a cigar.  The drinks are good and the SERVICE is great!  The people that work there really understand cigars.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Casa Fuente.
5	My favorite cigar is the Casa Fuente double robusto. Great place to sit, relax, people watch, smoke a good cigar and drink.
2	Nice venue, but very expensive.  $14 mojitos and even the easy to find Fuentes are double MSRP.  The waitresses are easy to look at, but watch your check for errors.
5	The last time my brother and I were in town we wanted to do a "man's day", which involved a hot shave, good steak dinner and, of course, a good cigar to finish it off. Our quest for a good cigar led us here.Mind you, I'm not a cigar aficionado by any stretch, but I do enjoy a good smoke every now and then. We let our bartender (totally forgot his name) know what we were after, and he pointed us in the right direction both times. Over the course of the two cigars we went through three glasses of bourbon as well.The prices are sure spendy, but the atmosphere was spot on. The waitress were all attractive and friendly. The humidor was huge. The only nit to pick was the fact that the bartender measured each shot of whiskey, but that's really reaching for something to complain about.If you're into cigars (or even if you're not) you owe it to yourself to visit.
5	Amazing place to hang out with your bfs over stogies, mojitos and our all-time favorite, shopping! It's nice to know that there is a little oasis called Casa Fuente here at the Caesar Forum shops to retreat from the daily shopping grind. *GRIN*The mojitos are very well made and worth the price IMHO. The cigar selection for fans of everything Fuente is not to be missed. My friends and I particularly loved the Opus X line that we came back everyday we spent shopping at the Forum.
5	Vegas has a way of bring out the vices in a person.  They don't call it Sin City without reason.  I love smoking stogies to relax, but I had to cut the habit to celebrate only special occassions or when I see a cool cigar shop.  Lucky for me, I had both reasons covered when we stopped by Casa Fuente which is inside Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.  The group wanted to chill out for a bit, so what better way to do so, than to get a stogie and some mojitos and watch a football game.  They have a bar inside with stools or you can find a table and chill out in front.  Their cigar selection is okay, I tried the Montesino which was pretty light for me, I usually like a deeper flavor. I ordered an iced mocha decaf and chilled out with the group as we geared up for the night. The mister ordered the mojito which was pretty strong. The waitresses are dressed up in flamenco style outfits, so it really brought out the feeling that we were at a cafe in Havana. With all the smoking bans in California, cigar shops like these are hard to come by, so I really savored the moment I was there.
4	A great place to slow down and relax when you're in Vegas without the sounds of slot machines in the background.  Their humidor is probably one of the best I have ever seen (from a 70/70 perspective).  They have a wide array of cigars but they are all Fuente products, not a bad thing but you should know.
5	Came here for a birthday cigar and it was great. For 17 dollars I got a delicious cigar that lasted me for over an hour. Definitely worth walking a trillion miles thru the Forum Shops to get to it.
4	I have been a huge fan of all things Fuente for years and have some rare  sticks from them in my humidor but I had never had a chance to stop by Casa Fuente until today. I was wrapping up what should have been a fun week in Vegas that turned into a very rough week and decided that I wold spend the few hours between checking out of my hotel and my flight with a Mojito and nice cigar.Case Fuente hit the spot. Everything that they say about the waitresses is true they are spectacular and of course the cigar selection is limited mostly to the fuente lines but their is enough to satisfy most taste.I also enjoyed the Mojito very much. It was not the overly sweet Mojito you tend to get in bars in LA. It was more the tangy flavorful Mojito that I remember from my trip to Miami. My only complaint is that everything was a bit expensive. But then again it is in Ceasar's Palace.That being said I will be back.
4	Taxi ride or long walk from the strip. Worth the trip to buy some smokes that have locally handrolled, for you and your buds.You can have a few drinks there.They have other cigars for purchase as well, buy those at the hotels and save time.
5	I absolutely love this place. I started going to Casa Fuentes when it first opened up about 5 or 6 yrs ago. I don't live in Vegas, but I visit Vegas every 3 months or so. When I am there, this is the first place I go. The drinks they serve are the best around. I've had mojitos, bloody mary's, lattes, you name it and every single drink they serve there is GREAT! All of the employees are just as amazing. The bartenders are awesome! Jen & Curtis are fabulous bartenders. I'm glad they are still there! I'll be back in Vegas in a month and yes, I will definitely be at Casa Fuentes drinking a few tangerine mojito!
5	This place is great for people watching. Prices are premium vs buying via the Internet but then again, you have the nice atmosphere to discuss business or just hang out with friends. There's great Cuban music here, friendly staff and quality cigars. Opus X's are over a $100.00 each. which is crazy. I have two in my humidor that have been aging since 2005 and I've yet to taste the Opus X brand. Last night was the first time I tried a Mojito at Casa Fuente and it was strong but went down smooth, I enjoyed it with a Fuente Cigar made especially for Casa Fuente. This establishment closes Mondays at 11:00 pm which is the same time the mall closes which is to early! I've enjoyed Cuban Cigars that I purchased in Vietnam in 2003 and 2005 where they legally sell. I can tell the difference between Cuban vs Dominican or Honduran Cigars. Oh well what do they say about variety being the spice of life?
5	I first discovered this place last year and love it.  Casa Fuente is one reason why I'll keep coming back to Caesar's to stay.This is Fuente's place, so all the cigars they sell are theirs and not the competition (go figure).  They're cigar pricing is comparable to other shops at home for the same line.My favorite by far is the Casa Fuente brand they carry.  It's made from the same tobacco/filler as the Opus-X but the wrapper is different which balances the cigar out much more.  It's moderate with a great flavor.  I bought a box to take home with me.  Yes, they run around $20 a cigar, but that's normal for an Opus-X.The best Mojitos I've ever had and the service is usually great.  The decor is like something out of Cuba - the mustard yellows with red trim and wicker chairs.  The bar chairs are more comfy to sit for long periods.I'll make it a point to at least stop by for a visit to Casa Fuente's when I visit Vegas for business.  I'll hang out often when on vacation.
4	after a LOOOOOOONNNNNNNNGGGGGG two days of doing booth duty at a security conference, I ended the day with a contraband (NOT from these guys) bone at Casa Fuente.  The humidor is well stocked and well taken care of.  The prices were....wow.  I'll leave it at that.I brought in my own bone, so bought a $5 stick for $15 (cough).  Kudos...the staff handled it well, cutting my  brought-in bone (Cohiba Siglo VI) and doing a VERY good job of lighting it.After perusing my options, sat at the bar and enjoyed a good conversation with the barmaid, while watching ESPN.  Had GREAT conversations with both the bar maid and the waitress (both good eye candy.....typical vegas style).So a great place to smoke a bone. Be forewarned that you ARE going to be paying resort prices for avg bones. Bring your own, but buy a stick to keep the staff happy, and all is well.
5	I've been coming here for years now, we found it totally by accident walking through the Forum Shops and have been back at least a dozen times. I always buy a large Fuente cigar and sit at the bar with my wife for a couple hours of smoking, drinking and socializing with the staff. Everyone on the staff is great, friendly, chatty, and efficient.  One thing we really like is that we see the same employees every time we go and we have really gotten to know and like Marissa, Jen, Alicia, Vonya, Curtis and Ray. There is also a "host" sort of woman working there we have only seen once and she seemed pretty useless - not sure what exactly her job is but we did see her drinking shots -- sign me up if I can get paid for that!! We will be back in October and can't wait!
5	Fuente is THE place in Vegas to get a fine cigar. When we last visited Sin City, a friend recommended that we stop in. I'm glad we did. Let it be known that I am no cigar connoisseur by any stretch of the imagination. I only know what I like. Ring guages, maduros, virgin sun grown wraps, these things mean absolutely nothing to me. If it tastes good, then I like it. If it offends my palatte, I don't. For me, smoking a cigar is a great way to unwind and relax. Two things that are easy to accomplish at Casa Fuente. We were greeted by the hostess who asked if we were looking at anything particular. I've already had the Opus X, God of Fire, etc, etc, so I was not sure what to get. She had suggested their special that day which was some sort of Fuente cigar (wish I could remember the name and info) and a mojito for $20. To me, a good stogie and a drink for that price in Vegas was a steal. I was given a punch (my preferred method) and some matches to light my stick and the mojito was brought to the table promptly. I will mention that the servers in this establishment, well, aren't hard on the ol' eyes at all. And not all just looks either. Incredibly knowledgable about their inventory. I was with a friend who is very well versed in cigars (he worked for Holts) and she was able to keep up with him. Me? Half the stuff he was talking about was over my head, but not hers. But, I digress. My cigar was great. The mojito that was brought along with the cigar was excellent and actually complimented the cigar. Can't beat that with a bat...If you are looking for the perfect spot to people watch, relax ,and enjoy a fine cigar with a hearty drink, you shoud seriously consider stopping by.
4	A friend recommended Casa Fuente since I'm a fan of mojitoes. I had a little difficulty locating the place...it's located in the Caesar's Palace Forum shops on the second floor.They have a special of the "house" cigar and a mojito for $16. My friends and I were lucky enough to get the last few ones. I've never been a big fan of cigars, but since this place is known for them I decided to try one. Let me just say, it was the cleanest, best tasting cigar I've ever tried! The flavor of the cigar combined with the mojito was perfect. The mojito was full of fresh lime, but it didn't overpower the drink. It was the BEST mojito I've ever had.I am definitely coming back to this place! It was worth getting lost, although being lost in a mall is not bad, let me tell you. :)
5	Basically this in one of those places I go to at least once every time I'm in Vegas. Its a cigar and whiskey bar, two of my favorite things. To top it off they have really attractive women working behind the bar, pure awesomeness. The people that work there know what there talking about and i was very pleased with the cigar they recommended for me, it went really well with the Makers Mark that I ordered at the bar. Great atmosphere, great place in Vegas.
5	Whenever I visit Las Vegas I always make sure to stop by CASA FUENTE. A mojito and one of the house blend torpedos. Sitting in the patio watching Sportscenter on one of the TVs. Nice way to spend an afternoon. The nights are pretty cool too. Especially during the weekend of the BIG SMOKE in November. The prices are not cheap, but, IT"S VEGAS BABY!!!!
4	This place is awesome! We hit it at about 130 on a Thursday afternoon and were the only two in the joint, but I would imagine after dark it's poppin. Before I go too far, let me just thank the owner for the dress code for the waitresses. Smokin hot salsa dance outfit showin off a lot of skin on a young Latin chica = muy caliente! They have a very nice selection of cigars that are reasonably priced, considering it's Vegas. I read a lot of the reviews before I made it to Vegas and was expecting to pay way more than I did. Honestly, I get my cigars at famous-smoke.com (shameless plug, I know) and the prices are surprisingly similar. They have a very nice set up. You can burn a cigar inside at the bar, at one of the small tables inside the bar or you can do what I love to do. You can sit on there "patio" and people watch. Patio is in quotes b/c the cigar lounge is inside the mall area of Caesars Palace. I loved the place and when I head back at the end of the month, I will check out the scene at night and follow up with a full report. Definitely worth the visit and even if it's just to check the scenery. Again, the prices are not as Vegas as I expected and it's a really chill spot.
5	Opus-X cigars (numerous types), nice single malt scotch whiskey collection (including The Balvanie...my favorite), and a waitstaff that is both friendly and courteous.  You don't have to look like a million dollars to be treated well here.  I came here back in 2008, and I made a point during my recent trip to come here again.  All the other reviewers have said more than I could.  This is a must see while in Vegas if you like good cigars.
5	A great place to visit when you're in Vegas.  I've been here many times over the years, and its consistently good.  Grab a table on the patio, people watch, enjoy a great cigar and a cocktail.  The service is always good, as is the cigar selection (but I always favor Fuente cigars).
5	Just got back from a little 4-day guy's getaway from Texas. Although I did not have a stoagie, the gents I was with did. My big thing is bad ass drinks. And I had THE BEST drink I have ever tasted here.  It is called the Spicy Lover.  Unbelievable with little tequila notes, cilantro, cucumber (sounds weird but very tasty) and lime, etc...Just wish I had the recipe!  Cheers........
5	The mojitoes will make you a believer.. I'm a cigar nut or snob, it really depends on what my mood is..I really didn't expect much from Casa Fuente given the Fuentes most recent releases in the cigar world.. Oh wait, they haven't put out anything exciting in the last 5 years other than ESG, but consistency is key for the father and son team I guess.. Hey Pepin you could learn a thing or two from the Fuente family and not put out so many dogs under so many different labels, I've never seen a guy put out so many amazing smokes and in the same breath produce just as many dogs at the same time. It's fitting he makes a cigar with a dog on the label..  Anyway, I digress.The prices are inline for Vegas standards, Opus will set you back around 30.00 and they had some forbidden X for over 100.00 if I remember correctly, even a VSG is over 15.00. Like I said Vegas prices, PAMs run about 25 around town too so it's not crazy off the wall prices..The last time I was at CF I was with my wife they were running a special which we both bought, for the price of a mojitoe you got a free house blend cigar (corona sized). That was the best deal I've seen here and they should keep it running FOREVER IMO..The Case Fuente cigar which IMO is a great cigar, really is close to the flavor profile of Opus and in some respects I like it better. So it alone is worth the trip just to grab a few to try.. The guy working the humidor and manning the register is very friendly and decently knowledgeable while the girls waiting tables will make your head spin with how good looking they are.My normal routine here is to stop by after lunch, bring my own Opus from home to smoke (because I'm cheap), have a few regular mojitoes and buy a few Casa Fuentes to take back home and put to sleep to get some age on them.. ProsBest mojitoes I've ever hadHouse brand is a better value than OpusGreat staffCoffee drinks were better than expectedSlight consSnacks weren't that greatThe place isn't owned by the Fuentes merely a brand licenseOverall great place, HIGHLY recommended!
5	I think that this is one of the best places in the world to smoke a cigar.For one, they have a great selection!  Fuente cigars are some of the best made anywhere in the world.  I'm not sure why Cubans have such a reputation or a mystique.  Fuente produces many cigars that I would put up against any Cuban.  The Opus X line is wonderful.  Forbidden X - excellent!The Casa Fuente cigars are great and I'm not sure if they are available at other places (you may just be able to buy them here).The staff is wonderful!  I'm not sure where they recruit the girls from but wow!  Very sexy  ;)The drinks are top notch.  Professional bartenders using top quality ingredients.  Try the mojito.They have a great selection of accessories and gifts.  Lots of Casa Fuente branded merchandise.  I love my C.F. ashtray and drinking glasses.
3	Great selection, but every stick in this place is sold at a HUGE premium over street price.  I paid $40 for an OPUS, that I pick up from my local place half the price.The location is also weak, as there is no view; well not counting the scantly clad wait staff.  Its tucked behind the escalator at the Forum Shops @ Caesar's.Overall a good option if you want to sit back and enjoy your smoke with a drink, but heck you can do that anyplace in the casino.
5	I visited back in November on the same weekend as the Big Smoke Out being held in a nearby hotel.  They were swamped much of the time and I felt they did a great job of handling the large number of customers.They changed out the chairs which are much more comfortable than the old wicker ones they had.  Very nice since I usually camp out there for a minimum of a couple hours on each visit.  Everything from my original review still stands.  A great place to visit!I ended up going home with another box of cigars, so I'm smoking them more often at home now.  I'm definitely hooked.
4	Came here for the Mojito and brought a posse. I can't rate the cigars which already looked tremendously inflated in price as expected, we are in Vegas. I brought my own My Father and Ashton VSG. Not the typical cigar rooms that I expect with lounging sofas, dim lighting and music. As a previous yelper mentioned it's in a horrible location. It looks more like a cafe than a cigar store. The Mojito was one of the best I've had and I don't normally order them. My posse also agreed that it was the best they had but boy are these bad boys pricey. So I made sure to sip that bad boy to the very last drop. Another thing is that they have a pretty nice selection of scotch. Also unexpected since the place looks like a cafe. I sat there for a little over an hour with a few other patrons also but you are seriously staring at nothing. Oh did I mention the location is horrible? Either way it's still nice to have a place to smoke and have a few drinks while waiting for the girls to do their shopping. The four stars are held up simply because of the Mojito, Scotch selection and the fact that they let me light up my own cigars.
5	This place is great! Go into the store, buy a nice cigar, sit out in front and be waited on by one of the beautiful girls they have working there. Have a nice cocktail or beer and just relax. This is the life. Since smoking is now banned around the country Vegas seems to be one of the only places you can smoke in public. I agree with all of the bans by the way but Vegas needs to stay Vegas. I heard they are trying to make Vegas nonsmoking, Anyway, I highly recommend going here if you like cigars. They have a special blend Fuente that you can only get at this store. Yeah is cost $20 or more a stick but well worth it. Enjoy!
3	This was place OK. I absolutley love dedicated cigar spots, as they are no longer in existence (in WA state anyways). I like to have a nice stogie every so often...it's one of my truly simple pleasures in life. Casa Fuente is cool because because they cater to the cigar and scotch crowd - which I appreciate. What sucks is that their cigar selection is extremely limited and this place is in the middle of a shopping center. Smoking cigars is about enjoying the finer things in life and it's hard to do that when you have little kids and moms walking past you while shopping and feeling like the cigar smoke might bother them. Me and my buddy smoked about half of our cigars there then ended up finishing them at the Shadow Bar inside Ceasars.
4	Arguably the best Mojito on the strip. I didn't get to try the food but had the cigar and drink promo for 30$ which is kinda pricey if you think but the drinks have reached a 14$ benchmark on the strip in the main casinos and cigar we had was being sold by em 23$ so its a 7$ saving. They have great selection of Single Malts, Rums etc. (you get the idea). I also had the Caprinihana which was ok (I guess a lot of places have started to used the less rough cachaca's) the servers were friendly and can carry a conversation if you are inclined to do so. I came back again needless to say. Maybe next time I will try the food as well. Highly Recommended. One of the better moijitos I have had. Now that I have developed a bit of appreciation for cigars I would like to warn the Arturo Fuente carry a punch (full bodied) or maybe the one's tried so I would recommend taking a milder cigar with you if you fancy those. P.S. This is the only place on The Forum Mall where they let you smoke.
5	I absolutely love Casa Fuente!  I always swing by to purchas and smoke a cigar each day I am in Las Vegas.  The mojitos are very tasty and they definitely accentuate the flavor of the cigars.  The walk in humidors are great and keep the cigars fresh and flavorful.  I always buy and smoke a Casa Fuente cigar since this is the only place you can buy one for a reasonable price.  There are many websites that sell Casa Fuente cigars but I would not trust such sellers.  This is the only place you can buy them and I take full advantage of each trip to Vegas and buy as many as I can.  I am a fan of maduro cigars and find the Anejo cigars to be the best maduro I have ever tasted.  So rich and creamy... it makes my mouth water.  This is a destination that any cigar lover must visit if you are in the Las Vegas area for business or pleasure.
2	I have been coming here every time I am in Vegas. It is one of my favorite places to have a cigar and drink. Although their mojitos are amazing and their espresso is great, Casa Fuente has the worst kept cigars I have ever seen. This is not John Doe's cigar shop. They are representing the Fuente family and they are not doing a good job at it. Premium cigars like the Opus X, Forbidden X, or the Casa Fuente should not crack upon lighting. From what I can see, they have a great humidification system, but it may be the light that they shine on the cigars behind the gate that is making them dry. I have cut thousands of cigars and have never encountered anything like this. One after another they crack. I even let the "store manager" cut one and he had to throw it away and give me another. Opus X should never be thrown away because of poor humidification conditions. It is really a sad sight to see, especially for all you cigar aficionados, like me, that know how much work goes into making and aging a cigar like Opus. With that said, the bar staff is amazing and are very attentive. The cigar staff, on the other hand,  needs to work on their customer service skills. My friends and I have been patrons of this store since they opened and there has not been a single time that I have not had their "store manager" hover over me. I have spent thousands here and it is very embarrassing to be treated in that manner. It doesn't matter if someone buys a stick or a box, at least talk when you hover over people so that they don't feel uncomfortable.Lastly, I understand that their store may have had an issue with under-aged customers at some point, but how are passports not valid identification to be in a cigar lounge. They are government issued. Las Vegas entertains a great amount of international tourist, who most likely do not live in the United States! How can the "store manager" not accept  passports as identification when all of my business associates are 35+ with ID? In the end, they did not let anyone except those with US IDs in our group into their store. It was a huge embarrassment to me to take my guest into their store and not be able to go in. I was trying to introduce them to Opus X, since most of them are Cuban cigar smokers from abroad.@Carlitos Fuente - Please make some changes in your cigar staff, they are an embarrassment to your name and the cigar community. Thanks for making legendary cigars.
4	When in Vegas and you like cigars, everyone should come spend some time at Casa! (as we refer to it as) LOL Great Mojitos, cigars are Vegas prices but the selection is good and always try the Casa Fuente house selection! Still haven't had a cuban coffee here yet but I will!!! LOLWell worth the visit and after that go next door on the patio of the Mirage, to Rhumbar to finish what you started! LOL
5	I just took a trip to Las Vegas and the first stop I made was to Casa Fuente.  Mac, the gentleman behind the counter, was absolutely wonderful.  He walked me into the humidor and started picking out the cigars I wanted.  I came prepared and had a list of cigars I wanted in my humidor at home.  I left with a total of 10 cigars: 2 LBMF (aka Little Bad Mother F***ers), a chili pepper, a love affair, a God Carlito double robusto, two Anejos and 3 untold stories.  I bought the last three untold stories since they were the last three in the humidor and they are so rare.  I smoked one while in Vegas and the taste was wonderful.  It is a big cigar too and lasted almost 2 hours.... mmmmmm what a delicious cigar.  I was very disappointed that all of the Anejo Sharks are no where to be found this year.  Mac mentioned his conversations with Carlos and said the sharks were not ready to distribute this year.  I was sooo looking forward to buying my two shark limit per day too.  I only have one in my humidor and it will stay there until I can buy a few more.  All of the Anejos are equally good but the way the shark is wrapped makes the taste out of this world.  Until I visit Vegas again... I cannot wait.
3	Tucked in a little corner of the Caesar's Forum shops, this place has a lot going for it, but the experience depends a lot on who you happen to have helping you at the shop...I took my buddy here as part of his bachelor party weekend, and we were excited to see the great walk in humidor.  We're amatuer cigar smokers, and were looking forward to being at a place that could show and explain some of the finer points - unfortunately the girl who we met at the counter and took us into the humidor seemed more annoyed than anything, and took every bit of fun out of the experience.  She was blatantly rude and condescending, and acted as if we were idiots for not knowing the difference between the cigars, etc.  Frankly, we were about ready to leave and forget the whole "cigars and whisky" thing...Fortunately we didn't , and sat at the bar where the bartender Greg was much nicer, more accomodating, and helpful.  When we saw that there was someone else at the counter, we thought we'd take another shot, and started asking him (Matt) about the cigar cutters.  A complete 180 from the first experience, he was friendly, knowledgable, and helped to create the experience we were hoping for.  We did end up buying a cutter as a souvenier, and ended up having a good experience overall.Cigars are a luxury item for sure, and are very much about the experience... The cigars, bar, and MOST of the staff absolutely deliver on that experience at Casa Fuente.
5	Great cigars, great drinks and great service!
5	This place is the business! they took care of all 6 of us for my brothers bachelor party this past saturday afternoon, cigars range from $18 to $100's so be ready to drop some coin about $60 a head for a couple drinks and cigars.  Service here is exceptional, the gorgeous lady on the posters and images around the place is the actual server lol (no false advertisement) haha.. Anyway it's an awesome relaxing experience, you'll never see it if your not looking for it since it's a hidden gem inside the Caesar's forum. I don't usually drink mojitos but hey! this has been the best mojito i've ever had and the drinks are pretty large (maybe 16oz) glass cups. It's not somewhere you'd take your lady, specially if she doesn't like to be around smokers because your guaranteed to get light headed but awesome for a get together with the guys.
4	very expensive.During Cigar conventions...THIS IS THE PLACE 2 B...& they know it.Gets very crowded during events...Tables CRUSHED together more than in EUROPE. Cigars are expensive too..But they HAVE all the right cigars, but you'lll pay.Classy place albeit very small. Hard to find, unless you know exactly where to go...check out my other reviews on:wwwSEGALandCIGARS.com
5	Mojitos.  Enough said.
4	I absolutely love this place.  Very large selection of very good cigars.  The drinks are fantastic and there is actually a very large selection.  I initially went to this place to purchase cigars as there are some only available at the shop.  My friend and I decided to grab a drink as well.  We got the tangerine mojitos and they were fantastic.  The eye candy at the place is also fantastic.  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars really is that it can get incredibly cramped at the front tables.  The price of the drinks were fair for where and what they were.  However some of the cigars were on the bit pricey side which makes sense considering the availability of some of them.
5	Since the beginning of history philosophers and theologians alike have pondered  the meaning of life. I believe i have found it, and it lies in nub of a Casa Fuente cigar and the bottom of a cup of  fresh pressed coffee poured by an angelic waitress at Casa Fuente.Let me begin by saying I am a cigar aficionado. I've had the privilege of visiting some very fine cigar rooms in the past. Casa Fuente ranks among the more memorable, in this country and abroad.The selection of cigars, though limited to the House of Fuente offerings, is diverse. The only shortcoming is anything with the kick of LFD Double Ligero. But a Fuente Queen Bee could soon help you forget. Prices range from $12 to $180 a stick -yes, $180 a stick. It's not cheap but nor is an oil change on a Ferrari I'd imagine. The staff both beautiful and well informed helped me choose a stick to my liking, cut and light. The lounge itself is nestled in a corner by the escalators in the Ceasar's Forum Shops. The main smoking space is outside the shop (see picture with me and a big a$$ grin). Now it's not your typical stuffy smoking lounge with over-stuffed leather chairs and fireplaces, but the decor more resembles an outdoor lounge typical in countries with warmer climates (ie DR, Cuuuuu-va).I don't drink alcohol but I hear the mojitos are world famous. I opted for the large carafe of pressed coffee instead and sat down to enjoy a casa fuente cigar (which apparently is a brand only available at this location). Now 8 cups of coffee and two cigars later, i was in heaven. Three and a half hours passed as I enjoyed my afternoon lazily watching people strolling though the shops ...and the time just flew by. I stumbled away light on my feet, relaxed and without a care in the world. Lastly as other reviewers have commented the stunning waitresses that defy both belief and gravity.  This is true, and it is only befitting a room of this character and poise.I have been and definitely will be back.
4	They have a good selection of Fuente related cigars here....opus, fuentes, ashtons etc.   The prices are of course high but if you are here already you might as well spring for something fancy.They are cool with you bringing your own cigars too as long as you buy drinks.  I'm 50/50 on bringing my own cigar or buying something there.Most of the drinks on the menu are pretty good (i think i've tried all their mixed drinks by now :).... but their mojitos are the best.  Realistically this place isn't anything fancy.  There is a small bar inside, and i think maybe 2 tables inside?  I only sat inside once.   Outside they have a small indoor patio type area with a few tables.   Tip: They have one hot waitress that works there,  I believe her name is Alicia?  I'm usually at Casa Fuente on a Saturday and she's always there.  I've on occasion been there on a Friday and she wasn't working.  Just a FYI :)
5	Here is some advice for those who are thinking of visiting Casa Fuente:  You are going for the experience!  Yes, the sticks here are quite pricey.  The ambiance and experience more than makes up for it.  Their walk in humidor consists of everything and anything down the Fuente line.  My cousin and I chose a house blend, Casa Fuente which can only be found here.  I would rate it in the top ten of smokes I've had.  And they have quite possibly the best mojito ever!  Take your buddies, grab a smoke and relax and people watch for a couple hours.  Very relaxing and therapeutic.  I hear they have some excellent coffee too.  Will have to schedule another Vegas trip just for that......
5	My cousin and I have been wanting to go here since our last trip to Vegas. As you approach the shop you can smell the wonderful aromas of fine cigars wafting in the air. When we got closer you can see the seating area outside the shop. The setting outside is what you would see in a typical cafe.  Patrons sitting down enjoying their cigar and beverage of choice, while people watching.We head inside where there is more places to sit. To be honest I didn't look at how it was set up because I was staring at the walk in humidor. They only carry Fuentes type cigars, so don't go in asking for a Montecristo.  These cigars are not cheap my friend. We picked up a Casa Fuentes house blend and an Opus X. They cut and light it for you if you want to smoke it there. The staff is very friendly. We decided to smoke the house cigar which you can not order online.Loved the cigar and was very impressed. We also had their Mojito's which I highly suggest. We actually sat there for three hours smoking our cigars and drinking Mojito's. Can't wait to go back.
2	The best deal here is the double french press coffee. The mojitos are pretty good though.  WAY overprices F/N cigars. $150 BBMF maduro, give me a f'ing break please.This place has become the de facto meeting place for out of town cigar smokers to congregate and meet up with locals. Its serves its purpose pretty well and there is lots of eye candy that walks by.   Here is a locals tip:Valet in the Forum shops, stop into Joe's Stone Crab and order a Banana Creme Pie w/Fosters sauce or their famous Key Lime pie to go and head on over to Casa. Pair your desert with a Illy double french press and follow it with your cigar of choice. You will be in heaven.
5	This is the place to grab a cigar and a drink or a coffee right in the middle of the Forum Shops at Caesars. They have a good cigar selection and a knowledgeable staff, but as others have said the cigars are pricey (welcome to Vegas). I had a Fuente cigar with a whiskey and a port. They have $5 port specials but were out when I was there. I didn't do this but i think you can bring your own cigars too so long as you buy drinks.This is a relaxing place to chill for awhile on the strip and I recommend checking it out.
3	This place has a nice "outside" patio to sit and enjoy a smoke and a cocktail. Prices are high, but their mojitos are very tasty!
5	The best kept secret in the forum shops. The staff is knowledgeable without being pretentious. The vibe is a subtle Vegas style. Casa Fuentes comes with a moderate Vegas price tag, but the selection of cigars and bar items makes this a must hit location to any good Vegas trip.    We had a bad first experience with a new waitress, but that was saved when a shift changed and Christina, the best server ANYWHERE took care of us. So redeemed was the rough first pass we came back four times in three days.  Ask for Christina or sit at the bar, and if you're feeling the need to really treat yourself, ask for the black list.
5	Amazing!! All of the impossible to find Fuente cigars in one spot with knowledgeable people to help you make the right choice in a cigar and a good glass of scotch.
5	Absolutely love the coffee here. Great staff & good selection of cigars. Fantastic place to relax from all of the hours of shopping.
4	Opus X with a glass of 6 grapes port..........what else do you say?  Luv it!
4	Cigars are my husbands specialty, not mine.  I am just along for the ride.  Last time in Vegas we stopped into this little gem off the Forum Shops a couple times during the visit.  It has a nice little cafe are where you can smoke a stogey right out in the open air (of the shops) in A/C comfort!  Their selection of cigars are  It goes all the way to the core, furnished by a select blend of tobaccos from Arturo Fuente in the Dominican Republic - or so they tell me :) They weren't cheap, but then who wants to smoke a cheap cigar?We also sampled the Casa Mojito while there and it was a absolute rum/lime/mint/sugar perfection!  That is a must if you stop in!  If you love cigars this place won't let you down! Its great for a little drink, a puff of a cigar and some good old fashion people watching - Vegas style!
4	I love cigars, therefore I love going places where you can smoke them. After running across Casa Fuente in the Forum shops I had to drag the wife in there. They have a healthy selection of their own label cigars in the humidor, from around $10 at the cheapest to some of the more expensive at around $200. I settled for a cigar for around $20 and it had a smooth, medium smoke and finished great. The sales staff in the humidor weren't that helpful on choosing,  but that was all right since I mostly knew what I was looking at. They offered to cut it for me and even light it if I wanted them to (I didn't!).They have a nice  cafe-like area out in the Forum shops themselves and it was nice sitting out there and smoking, having a little drink (Casa Mojito) and just relaxing doing some people-watching. I can definitely see myself coming back!
4	Just one request, please try their mojitos; you will not be disappointed. Oh, and the Fuente Anejo's are a real tasty smokey treat!I had looking forward to patronizing Casa Fuente having researched places to have a cigar while in Las Vegas. The overwhelming positive reviews were "spot on". The staff was knowledgable and gracious providing great customer service. The selection of cigars (all Arturo Fuente brands) was impressive; however, over priced. The "deal" was acquiring those cigars made specifically for that shop. The atmosphere was lively and fun; it was great to connect with other brothers of the leaf while far from home. I highly recommend patronizing Casa Fuente; you will not be disappointed.
3	The place looks nice, good place to check out but super expensive!. Their houseblends are $20 +. There are too many other options in Vegas.
3	i would recommend this place because of the knowledgeable staff and the -ok- cigar selection.. but if your going with a group of 6 looking to sit down and enjoy a nice cigar... good luck... seats were all taken so we pretty much stood there for a while until we just decided to leave. there were 2 females with us in our group and looking for a flavored cigar and basically they didnt carry any so the woman felt kind of left out i guess.i also made the mistake of leaving my cutters at home.... one of the staff members offered to cut it and i said yes (like an idiot) and they basically cut it to an undesirable measure...  i thought maybe they would ask how we would like it cut like other places usually do..  it happened so fast i couldnt stop it but oh well.to sum it all up...if the place wasnt so packed and had some seats it would be betteralso next time ill just bring my travel cigar case with everything in it.i will go again.. i guess... for a second experience..
4	Here's the concept: take a $15 cigar, charge $30 for it, but to alleviate the customer's mind at paying too much for a cigar, have beautiful women in short dresses serve them booze.  What a winning concept!I'm not complaining.  in fact, I go here every time I'm in Vegas.  Now while all the guys are waiting for their WAGs (wives and girlfriends) to shop, they can enjoy a smoke and a mojito.The selection is awesome, if you like Fuente cigars.  Yeah, they got the Opus X line and some Fuente cigars that you can only buy at this store.  It's about the exclusivity and quality.  But you're not going to find other cigar makers there.  Well, it is the Fuente factory store after all.The customers keep to themselves.  It's not the social crowd that I'm used to at a cigar lounge.  But it's also a bit more upscale than the usual cigar lounge.The people watching is great.  The lounge is indoors right next to the escalators that bring people in from Las Vegas Blvd. to the Forum Shops.  It's hilarious to see some prudish lady get hit with a puff of smoke and hold her nose and make that face.  Us cigar smokers know that face.
4	Found this place my second day in Vegas. Yes, a bit pricey; but not compared to the prices I found at the other tobacco stores on the strip. The cheap ghetto tobacco stores on the strip had smaller selections at twice the price of what I pay at home. And the location is pretty cool. I bought four different cigars which they clipped and bagged for me because I did not bring my own clipper. I then went to their bar, ordered a Fat Tire beer and proceeded to the seating area outside the store and smoked a very nice cigar for about a half-hour. It was a pleasure to sit there in the beautiful surroundings of the The Forum in Caesar's Palace watching people from all walks of life slide by. It is one of my favorite vacation memories so far (as I write this it is day 3 of my vacation).As the name implies, the store is owned by Arturo Fuente, so all the cigars are Fuente, but the selection is huge and they have Fuente cigars you would probably have a hard time finding in many areas.
5	If you are a cigar person and in Las Vegas and you do not come here then you are a fool. They have a great selection of Fuente products and reasonable drink prices. For people complaining about selection, its The Casa Fuente lounge and they only sell Fuente and they have a house line much like the Opus X. Its a fine cigar. The staff was friendly and the waitress did not let our glasses or bottles sit empty for long.
4	The waitress staff has changed around a bit and it shows, however the knowledge of the staff selling cigars is amazing. I had a Arturo Fuente anjeo which was the perfect recommendation for me. Make sure to ask for the home made chips there delicious
4	Definitely a great spot to go to relax. Environment is great for both men and women but prefect getaway for men when the women shop at the forum shops. It only sell Fuente products but they are not bad. Alcohol and cigars, prefect combination.
4	Nice place for a fat cigar. Good drinks and espresso. Minus one star for not being able to rest your feet on chairs.
4	This is about the tenth time that I have been fortunate enough to enjoy a very good cigar at Casa Fuente over the years.  The Fuentes and Robert Levin are excellent marketing people and this lounge is yet another example.  Anyone that can create the overwhelming demand for a mediocre cigar like the Anejo or Opus X is brilliant.For $20 an Ashton VSG Torpedo might be the best value you could find anywhere in the vastly overpriced Caesar's Forum.  The drinks are reasonably priced and the staff are not the most knowledgable however they are always friendly.  Overall an excellent place to spend an evening with friends.
5	So a friend and I, both in Vegas for work , were both told about Casa Fuente. About their extremely exclusive cigars (supposedly this it he only place you can get the line, the Fuente family makes them just for this place, but I recently found them on cigarsdirect as well - although they do explain the heritage, Vegas exclusivity, etc), ad also their great mojitosNice atmosphere - after you walk the (seemingly) miles through the Forum shops.A few tables 'outisde', and a bar inside, and a walk in humidor.Large selection of similar cigars, but this isnt a bad thing. You go here to get a Fuentes.We each got a Fuentes Robusto. Started off a little harsh, and had me thinking 'really, this is what we came for', and all of a sudden, about 1/4 of the way thorugh, WOW. it opened up, got mild, better, and was a GREAT smoke - a three mojito smoke too as it does not burn quickly!Which brings us to the mojitos - they live up to the hype too. 12 year old rum, fresh ingredients, good side and bursting with flavor. amazingso go, have a mojito and a smoke while in vegas. wont lighten your wallet as much as the black jack table, and you can relax and enjoy
5	Good place to hang out and have an Opus X.
4	Cigars, Mojitos, and ESPN? Definitely my kind of place. Screw shopping at the Forum- I'm good right here.Tucked away next to the escalators, this place looks like a small bistro, with their wicker chairs and palm trees on the "patio". Heavy cigar smoke lingers in the air while cuban music softly plays. Toto, we're not in Vegas anymore.Their humidor is well stocked with different cigars and in different sizes. They even carried Opus X. Their staff was great and incredibly knowledgable.The mojitos are a bit pricey- but hey, after having three or more, you're bound to forget that. 12 year old rum and mint muddled just right. None of that pulverized mint pulp and meager slices of lime. This was the real deal. It was incredibly refreshing and definitely worth the price. Their pineapple mojito was also very good, not overly sweet to the point that you couldn't appreciate the rum any longer. The wait staff was attentive and made sure we were well hydrated :] 4 stars because it can get incredibly crowded in there and sadly, their port selection was miniscule. In my book, there's nothing better than a good port and a cigar. Nonetheless, I'll still come back to this little reprieve from the shopping masses, to enjoy a cigar, catch up on sports news, and sip on yummy mojitos.
5	Good selection of cigars, full bar, great atmosphere, an good service. A nice break from the craziness that is Las Vegas!
5	I set out to see Casa Fuente from the time our plane touched down. I had very high expectations, and I was not let down. Great place to sit back, relax, enjoy a fine cigar, and people watch. The ladies that worked there were very helpful in selecting a cigar, not to mention beautiful too. My wife and I enjoyed a $5 beer and nice conversation while I smoked a Casa Fuente cigar. Highlight of my day. This is a must stop for any cigar fanatic.
5	I set out to see Casa Fuente from the time our plane touched down. I had very high expectations, and I was not let down. Great place to sit back, relax, enjoy a fine cigar, and people watch. The ladies that worked there were very helpful in selecting a cigar, not to mention beautiful too. My wife and I enjoyed a $5 beer and nice conversation while I smoked a Casa Fuente cigar. Highlight of my day. This is a must stop for any cigar fanatic.
5	Located in Caesar's Palace Forum Shops .Ok so here is the good news bad news. This place has great decor a great selection of cigars (A bit overpriced but hey you are in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip) Great coffee and a great view for people watching (the whole mall is indoors so this is a great chance to get out of the heat. Now the bad news. the waitresses wear far more than they used to. Oh well you cant have it all, but if you are in Las Vegas you should certainly try!!! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	One of my favorite places in Vegas. Love to sit and have a great cigar, a drink and people watch.
5	All of the Yelp reviews about this place are spot on.  Our group of 6, both males and females, truly enjoyed this cigar bar.  The staff in the humidor were very helpful by guiding us with our cigar purchase.  We got a table outside, enjoyed tangerine mojitos and other drinks while smoking a cigar and watching the Florida/LSU game.  It was so relaxing and truly a highlight of our Vegas trip.  Although it is in the Forum Shops, it seems like a little oasis where you can sit back, relax and people watch while enjoying a drink.  I highly recommend this place, especially with a group of friends.  The service was excellent and our waitress regularly checked on us.
2	I wasn't impressed.  Good selection of fuente cigars, but what else would you expect.  There's a lot of places to get an opus x.  That part is a given.  I was disappointed in the 2008 God of Fire that I picked, but maybe I just did not choose wisely.  The 2005 and 2006 editions were much better.Worst part was the atmosphere.  Seating area was cheap outdoor furniture, thin wicker and metal chairs and plastic tables.  The ESPN access is one tv outside that you can barely see if you are not sitting right in front of it.  There was one waitress for all the people sitting in the main seating area.  This is not what I was expecting from a Vegas cigar lounge.   I was expecting Case Fuente to set the bar for a nice cigar lounge, but what I got was nothing but a food court level experience.So if you are looking for a nice cigar lounge experience with big leather chairs, a coffee/drink table to share with your friends with a bit of privacy, some interesting reading material, a bunch of tvs to watch different games, you might be better off picking up some sticks here and taking them back to your suite.Two stars.  Not a terrible experience, but not a good one either.
5	Casa Fuente Cigars is the perfect place after dinner or work to hang out and enjoy your favorite beverage with a reasonable to upscale cigar. I had the pleasure of meeting Carlos Fuente several years ago at the Big Smoke in Vegas and received a gift from my manager of an autographed set of Opus X cigars with a DVD soundtrack. I've yet to break those bad boys out! See it:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/casa-fuente-cigars-las-vegas?select=7gUATaOQDMomhnQkArNeog#OQ2qmWnsd1-eLyp4dDPAlgLocated in the Cesar's Forum Shops, if shopping isn't your bag this is the place to hang while your significant other does his or her shopping. Smoking in the mall was banned several years ago except in Casa Fuente. Try the Casa Mojito, it's large and smooth but will definitely creep up on you! Enjoy!
5	This has a been a Vegas trip stop for the past few years...I guess its about time I did it justice and did a review....Mojitos are the 2nd part of the attraction.... Personally I prefer the tangerine Mojito and they pack a wallop after a couple They have a good selection of Scotches and Whiskey and great RUM....Enjoy the Bar area and the Chips are great.. I think I finished a few bowl fulls while between enjoying a few cigars and several drinks....Don't forget to ask for the house chips... if you need a bar snackGreat ambiance and great service... Especially to my man Curtis... he always has treated us right each time we go...And we always stop by when in Vegas...at least once..My only con is the seats outside should be upgraded to something a little more comfortable for long time sitting especially if we are there fir an hour or two..
1	The first time we went here was in September. It was such a great time we thought we would try it again. This time it was completely different. We came at night and waited about 10 minutes for a table inside. So a table opened and we sat down. I got my cigar out and was getting ready to light it up. Not one person said hi or came over to ask if we wanted a drink. We sat there for about 5 minutes and i couldn't stand it anymore. I told my wife lets go. I am not giving them our money. I can't stand when we walk in somewhere and they look at us like you don't belong here. I dont think we will be back any time soon. Very disappointed in the staff and manager!
3	I've been to better cigar places. This place is okay, honestly. The drinks are reasonably-priced and the cigars are decent, although quite expensive for what they are. Honestly, I can't blame them too much, but I'm trying to be honest: the ambience of setting this place in a place like the Forum Shops is just... tacky. The place tries to have a bit of Cuban-esque charm, but it falls a but short. I think Casa Fuente could easily hit 4 or 5 stars if they moved to a different location.
4	I found this place when I was shopping with my wife, we walked in the mall and I smelled a great smell, I fallowed my nose to a corner and found this place. I was a little intimidated by the hipsters out in front looking like they were the kings of the cigar shop and you don't belong but that wouldn't stop me from getting me a few good smokes. When I walked in they girls at the door were nice welcomed me in, as I headed to the humidor one of the guys greeted me and helped me out and gave me a few recommendations I pick out a nice mild cigar, this guy was great very friendly and helpful. I went back the next day got me another, this will be my stop every time I'm in Vegas.
1	Casa Fuente in Las Vegas. Color me unimpressed.I'm in Las Vegas for the SHOT Show, and "everybody" said "you have to go to Casa Fuente".Meh, it's way, way, way, way over priced, and really nothing special. I didn't even bother to take pictures (and I love to take pictures).
4	I've gone in to browse before but haven't sat or bought a smoke until now. Came with a group of friends after a birthday dinner to have a little nightcap.I went into the humidor and talked a bit to the attendant. We chit chatted a bit about living in Vegas and neighborhoods, but he also helped with a suggestion. I'm not a baller, but went for a modest Diamond Crown Julius Caeser for $19. It's not found easily so I figured even with the strip price it was a good buy. It was a balanced and enjoyable smoke so I think I picked right. I've heard about their mojitos being great so I decided to get a tangerine mojito. It was refreshing and tasty so no complaints there. Service was pretty good from the cocktail waitress. I need water while I smoke and she kept that refilled too. My one thing is that the tables are little small and the chairs are wicker that it feels like backyard furniture. I guess they are going for a tropical Cuban look, but I think Cuba can spare some seat cushions or something. I know that probably absorbs up the smoke smell, but more comfort would be nice when you sit for long periods smoking and socializing. I appreciate that it's there, I can see it being a good thing, but this is one of those special occasion type places. There are more comfortable, reasonably priced cigar places for locals that I prefer , but this is nice for relaxing midday or nightcapping a day on the strip.(Yelp 100 Challenge 19/100)
3	Good atmosphere, great service, small in size, selection is small also.
2	Just a heads up to those who have been here before...NO MORE smoking on the patio!  They moved tables inside and you can hardly breath and your cloths will reek of smoke!  Too bad...used to be one of my favorites....
3	Good but not as great as I had hoped....So in my previous two trips to Vegas, I would walk by Casa Fuente while going down the escalator at the Forum Shops but never was able to go in (was with my girlfriend at the time who DETESTED cigars but that's a different story! :)  Finally, on a recent solo trip I made a point to finally check out this little bit of cigar heaven and could barely contain my anticipation.I arrived on a Monday afternoon and as I walked up I only saw one group sitting at a table out front.  Thinking to myself "cool, they're not busy" I walked to the front door where I was greeted by two ladies of varying friendliness.  I cheerfully stated that this was my first time here which was met by a "so what?" look from one woman while the other said I could go back to the humidor and pick out a cigar HOWEVER there was no smoking allowed in the patio area.  WTF!?  Worse off, no one could pinpoint why this recent change happened.  Anyway, after going inside the place was PACKED since everyone could only smoke inside.  After traversing the maze of occupied tables I made my way back to the humidor where the woman I spoke to met me.  With my cigar in hand I went to the counter and a really nice guy got me all squared away and lit up.  Luckily a table opened up at the same time and I sat down.  This time the less than friendly waitress from earlier came over to clear my table.  With a smile on my face I asked her "do I order my drink from you?"  and was given a monotone "yes".  Hmm...ok.  "I'll have a mojito and can I get an ashtray too?"  This was met with a curt "I'm still clearing the table!"  Wow, ok....After Ms. Congeniality brought my drink over, I settled into enjoying my cigar and mojito and things improved.  I began chatting with my neighbors and ended up having a really good time.  The funny thing was, my whole time there Ms. Happy Waitress never checked in with me despite asking others around me "Doing alright?"  I guess you can't win them all!
5	Great place to relax and have a cigar, glass of XO and illy coffee. It's too bad Caesars (or there neighbor)is giving them a problem with smoking in there lobby space. Smoking is still aloud inside though. Courtney's service is great.
3	It's probably not their fault at all, but I have to drop Fuentes a star because you can't smoke on the patio anymore. That drops their real estate by effectively half so it can get pretty crowded and loud hanging out in the bar. Not to mention smokey!I love coming here and relaxing with my cigars. My favorite brand is Arturo Fuente Hemingway, but they also have a Casa Fuente brand, which is the Arturro's, but only made for the brick and mortal store. None of the cigars here are cheap (think around $20 on up), but they're all good.You also have to try their Casa Mojito, which is just spectacular, not to mention it's $14 each. But hey, "it's Vegas!"
3	The cigar selection can be spotty (and you might find better at an off ba in Vegas) but if you need a good spot and the rest of your group wants to shop- this is the place. The drinks are strong. The coffee is excellent. Th drink and cigar deals are a nice add.
3	In spite of the three stars I rated this place, I really like it. But it loses one star for only carrying Fuente brand cigars and another star for not letting you smoke on the little patio area like they used to. However, if you like Fuente family cigars and all the best top shelf liquor, this place is for you!
4	Smoke smoke smoke!  Needed a place to snag a couple of sticks while I was out with the guy's in the family.  Decent booze selection and LV prices in the humidor, but they did have a reasonable variety.  Would probably stop by again if I'm feeling the need.
3	This place is packed but the atmosphere is awesome.
5	What a great place to pick out a good cigar and enjoy drinks and great atmosphere.  Jason directed me to a couple of wonderfully tasted cigars.  Christina and Marissa kept the recommendations and drinks flowing.   A little out of the way in a corner of the Forum Shops at Caesars, but worth finding.   Not a ton of space to sit so get there early.   Cheers!
5	Everytime I am in Vegas, I have to make a special stop here. Curtis is the best bartender in Vegas and make sure to ask for a Black Magic. Great drink. Good Scotch selection, which I have always found lacking in Vegas and it is a totally chill atmosphere. It is across the hall from the sports memorabilia that Pete Rose appears to live it. That may be a good thing or a bad thing depending on your thinking.
1	The first time I stopped in here several years ago, it was an incredible experience, and I was really looking forward to coming back.  But much like every other place in Las Vegas that was once great, my last visit was hugely disappointing.I walked in last Sunday night after a show, picked out a cigar and sat at a table 6 feet from the bar.  The place wasn't crowded, so I expected the lone waitress to at least greet me and ask for my drink order.After several minutes of waiting, I ordered straight from the bartender, since it was obvious the waitress wasn't going to come to me.  Even he seemed to be pissed off at the world that night!  I sat back down, enjoyed my scotch & cigar, and when my glass had a trickle left, I expected the waitress to ask if I wanted another.  Perhaps my expectations were too high on the last visit...  I got back up and ordered my second scotch from the bartender.  The only time the waitress ever smiled at me is when she brought me my check.  Doubtful that she smiled when she saw the non-existent tip for her non-existent service!  That's the first time I've ever not left a tip.  Not sure if I'd come back.  I might, just to see if they get better.  They couldn't get much worse.
2	I travel to Las Vegas roughly twice a year, and I never fail to stop at Casa Fuente to sit on their patio and enjoy a cocktail and, of course, a fine hand-rolled cigar.  It has ALWAYS been a 5 star experience - UNTIL my last visit there, which was Tuesday April 23rd, 2013.  The chairs and tables were still on the patio, but the patio was strangely unpopulated.  I also noticed there were no ashtrays on the tables.  They were open, so I went inside and discovered a VERY smokey room which was also very crowded.  As usual, I made a beeline to the walk-in humidor and was accompanied by a friendly member of their staff who was very nice and helped me in my selection by recommending some cigars to my taste.  As we went out to pay, I remarked upon the situation with the patio and he explained that as of last February smoking was no longer allowed out on the patio and hence the crowded, smokey situation inside the bar area.Now, since my wife doesn't smoke, I didn't want to subject her to 30-45 minutes inside that smokey room, nor do I particularly enjoy such a small, loud, crowded room.  In fact, part of what made past visits to Casa Fuente so enjoyable to me was sitting out on the patio and people watching.  Observing the very diverse people who pass through the Forum Shoppes at Caesar's whilst enjoying a cigar and drinks with my wife is why I have always returned here for the past ten years.I realize that this isn't the fault of Casa Fuente.  The man there did say they were working on improving the ventilation inside the bar area, but nonetheless the experience as I had  come to enjoy it there has been ruined.  Fortunately, we were able to go next door to the Rhumbar at the Mirage and sit outside where I could enjoy my cigar in a pleasing atmosphere where my wife could also breathe.I will STILL come to Casa Fuente when I visit Las Vegas, at least for their unparalleled selection of premium cigars - and to see if perhaps this unfortunate situation has been reversed - but until it is, I will no longer get to enjoy the experience that I had come to love so much about it, and that's a shame.
5	This is a fine place to enjoy a cigar but also a nice place to hangout with friends.  I did enjoy their cigar selection but was impressed by the great service from the waitress and the bar.  I came here as a day portion of a bachelor party and the staff was friendly and fun to hangout with while watching playoff basketball, enjoying some cigars, and of course interesting sangria(I didn't try any but was told it was tasty and unique). Overall it's a nice place to take a break from the Forum Shoppes or just to hang with friends.
3	This is a cool place to hang out and relax amid the excitement of Las Vegas.  The staff was very friendly (particularly in assisting me in securing a table inside), and as I knew nearly nothing about cigars, the store folks were happy enough to help me out.  The drinks were okay--seemingly intended more to compliment the cigars than be a draw in and of themselves.  As many other reviewers mentioned, smoking is no longer allowed in the "outdoor" patio area which, given the very small interior and the fact that sitting around smoking, drinking, and chatting is not a very high-turnover activity, is sure to frustrate a lot of visitors.
4	Nice selection of cigars and a sophisticated, wide ranging bar and cocktail menu. Mojitos are very authentic.Odd comment for a cigar bar but we found it a little too smoky late at night.
4	we moved here a few months ago and have been looking for a great cigar lounge... went shopping at Caesars Forum and stumbled onto Casa Fuente..... purchased 6 cigars total and two of them where not what we expected.... fell apart and kinda dry... went back the next day and spoke to Michael...... all I can say is WOW!!!!!..... I was being a little bitchy.... ok, ok, a lot bitchy and the whole staff was very very nice... Michael not only replaced our cigars but gave us a few extra for our trouble.... he was extremely cordial and went above and beyond great customer service.... good selection, great atmosphere, superb customer service----- thank you again CFC..... we will be back soon.....this was written by mrs. joe f.....
5	Tangerine and peach mojitos were great. Great selection of cigars.  I really enjoyed Casa Fuente and will be back on my next trip to Vegas!
5	Always a great time at Casa Fuente! Make sure you talk with Michael, the guy is hilarious! ;)
2	I was here quite some time ago, but I will never go back.  We ordered drinks they came and they were good.  We had cigars.  We ordered a second round of drinks.  The place was empty and then they didn't bring them to us for over an hour!  Will never go back, mostly becuase Rhumbar lounge is not very far and well worth it.
2	When you were able to smoke and drink outside the store it was a great spot despite the crazy prices for the cigars. I didn't mind paying so much because you got to sit very comfortably and relax. Those days are gone. You can only sit and smoke inside the store now and it is small! A group of six men all smoking makes the place a smoke filled mess. I love cigars but i dont want to be crammed into a place that is completely filled with smoke its not enjoyable. I know its Vegas but the cigar prices are seriously insane. I picked up two Casa Fuente cigars that are about $20 each cause you can only buy them in the store in Vegas. They are not worth it. I am a Padron fan and the Fuente cigars just never match up. Even the opus x ,anejo and forbidden dont match up sorry. If you love cigars and are going to Vegas BRING YOUR OWN. The prices for cigars anywhere on the strip are crazy. I would only consider going back to Casa Fuente if they go back to the smoking outside the store. In case you didn't get it the prices are laughable.
5	Fragrant cigar smoke, and the most drop-in-your-tracks outstanding Mojitos ANYwhere, EVER. How can it get any better?
4	Mandatory stop while in vegas.
5	Still a top notch place to go to Vegas and enjoy a fine smoke and some great mojitos...Only setback is that they dont have the awesome chips, as the place they got them from stopped making them..Also I just noticed that the patio was super dead.. which was very odd... But I guess another tenant complained about the smoke from the Cigars and they had to move all smokers inside the bar area.. which is now a little cramped and hard to people watch..A lil extra smokey on the inside because of this but I hear that they are working on a plan to enclose the patio and install a filtration system.  Other then that this place is still a great place... plus they have one of the coolest bartenders in Vegas...CURTIS.... He always makes our trips there enjoyable.... plus the hot waitresses...
4	Great humidor, great selection, great "off the beaten path" kind of spot. Prices were right in line with what you'd expect to pay. Not the typical Vegas, jacked-up price. Great selection of Scotch and whiskies. This will be on the regular stops for all trips going forward to Vegas.
2	I began smoking just 2 years ago.  I am no expert.  I stopped here with friends and was surprised that only Fuente and it's brands (most notably Ashton) were offered. No big deal, Ashton is wonderful and some Fuente cigars are very good.  The prices were about 170% retail, no big surprise given Las Vegas Strip.The deal breaker was when I asked the very attentive salesman if he could recommend a cigar that was "toothy."  He looked at me as if I had spoken Greek.  I asked again, and he said he didn't understand the term "toothy."  I left it at that.  For cigar smokers, you will not find a non Fuente / Thompson brand cigar, nor a good deal, nor (likely) a knowledgable cigar salesperson.  For a "once a year" cigar smoker they can probably steer you towards a good cigar to your taste.Nice place and very friendly.  That's why it doesn't get 1 star. I think that it is likely that
4	I am a cigar lover and really dug this place..  The Mojitos were so taste and refreshing.My wife even loved it.  Colt is a good host and was friendly.  Good place to check out just to experience a herf. I'd come back here for the Mojitos.
4	I'll start off this review by saying that their cigar prices are over-priced. Hands down over-priced. You'll probably be able to score better tasting sticks elsewhere; however, when looking at the plethora of Arturo Fuentes, Ashtons, and House blends, you can't but help find something that you've never seen before on Thompson, Neptue, Cigarbid, etc.... and can't help but fork over the $30 you'd never imagine yourself spending on one smoke.Is it worth it? For me, it's worth it for just one stick they carry there that I can't find elsewhere; the Fuente Long Story Maduro....and I think this particular one is $21. The area is pretty mellow! You've got an awesome guy manning the fortress..I mean, humidor; Colt, who's extremely knowledgable, and, if it's your first time trying out cigars, eager to teach in a very easy going manner. Natasha was my bartender. She made me one of the best mojitos....ever! If you're into espresso, definitely give Carlito's Way a try! Effin' tasty. Beginning 2014, look forward to an enclosed front patio. Unfortunately the open-air patio drew quite a lot of complaints from neighbors inside the Forum, so they had to suspend outside smoking. Sad! But, just wait. An improvement lurks ahead. Park on Jay Sarno Way (Jay Sarno; the guy who designed Caesars) to get here if you're not staying at the hotel. It's a LOT shorter of a walk through the Forum shops. If you valet at the main front entrance, it's literally a solid 5-10 minute walk through the casino to get there. Or a 2 hour walk depending on how many times you park your ass on a table, on the way.
4	Ill preface this by saying I'm a Fuente fan. This place is very well stocked with Fuente family cigars (Fuente, Opus X, Ashton etc etc) including some limited edition sticks. Kinda obvious given its family owned. I'm smoking a Arturo Fuente Hemingway Untold Story Maduro right now. Seating could be more comfy. Service is excellent. Bar is well stocked, however could always offer a little more. A great place to escape the in-your-face nature of Vegas and relax with an outstanding smoke.
5	4 words, "Mojito and Rare Cigars".    Nuff said
3	I just tried my first Opus X cigar! It was quite pricey at 30 dollars, but it was a fine cigar. I've always wanted to come into this establishment after passing by countless times. I've always seen the people smoke out in their patio area but to my disappointment, on my very first visit, they said their customers were not allowed to sit out there anymore!The inside area was quite uncomfortable: wobbly tables, uncomfortable seats, limited space. However, the staff was excellent and very helpful. They will take the time to speak to you about teach cigar you're interested in and their house cigars are "basically the same" as the opus X cigar, but at 20 dollars each instead of 30-40.
5	This place was great! The servers and bartenders are absolutely beautiful! The cigar selection is great and the decor and place itself is very comfortable and nice. They have a little patio area in the mall, but you can not smoke there. The inside is allowed though! We spent some time talking to the bartender and she recommended places in town to go visit! She was absolutely gorgeous and had a personality to match. I can't remember her name but she had dermal piercings. I do remember that. The waitress was very friendly too.
5	Best Of The Best! home away from home, ashton & scotch, beautiful staff and music, love vegas, love casa fuente!
5	You absolutely have to come here. Great friendly staff wonderful place to sit and watch the game and have a drink. Not loud and obnoxious like a lot of places. Just a great place to spend the afternoon.
4	Had read about this establishment & wanted to check it out. So glad we did! Stopped by for some coronas and a few Fuentes .. Colt was very helpful and made even a novice like me feel at ease when chosing my cigar. The place had a nice easy going vibe & was a nice place to rest in between shopping. Picked up some cigars for the road as well!
1	If I could give zero stars I would! What a pretentious establishment!  They had empty seats and saved them for "important people" this is a whole bunch of crap!I would not recommend yhus establishment to my worst enemy! Horrible service!Horrible mojitos, my dog could make a better drink!This place sucks!Mike at the door fkat out told me he had important people coming. I stood there like a stooge bought 2 over priced drinks along with my entire party..watched them smoke over priced crappie cigars from their shop...the while time 4 tables sat empty.  Finally we were sick of spending our hard earned money at this s... h...! Don't waste your money!
4	I like cigars, but in no way am I an aficionado of cigars.  This spot was great.  The servers and bartenders are all knowledgable and can help you find your perfect cigar in their humidor.  If you are a connoisseur then you can bring your goods and enjoy the crowd.  They've got great Cuban drinks and Brandy to compliment your smooth tasting cigars.It's a rather small place and you can only smoke inside, although there is seating outside.It's a nice spot to check out.
4	Excellent humidor and cigar staff in a very enjoyable environment make this an experience worth enjoying for the cigar aficionado. I was allowed to bring in my own Arturo Fuente Don Carlos No 2 without any hassle, so you aren't required to buy their cigars. The "reserved" tables are for those who will be buying drinks, so don't let that throw you when you see all of the tables marked as reserved - they are reserved for customers so just ask.I tried the Tangerine Mojito and didn't care for it (tasted too much like club soda with simple syrup), so I returned it for an Old Cuban which I enjoyed. It was great enjoying cigars in this environment with no pressure and I treated my guest to a rare cigar from their humidor which was a treat for us both. I'd definitely go back and highly recommend it for people who love cigars including the brands that AF sells.
5	Great Place to kick back & enjoy an OPUS X.  Excellent selection of single malts & whiskeys.  Curtis , the bartender , was a wonderful conversationalist & very knowledgeable on Las Vegas nightlife . Janelle was one of those beautiful Las Vegas girls you always hear about .. & .. she cuts a mean cigar . I've already recommended this to several friends & associates who are visiting in the next couple of weeks .  I'LL DEFINITELY BE BACK !!!
5	Excellent selection and a great atmosphere. Highly recommend it. Reasonable ( for Vegas ) prices. Great selection and very good service. If you need a break from the tables or slits, this is the place. Good bar selection and a great selection of Fuentes products.
5	This is a must if you are in Vegas. The lounge/bar staff are very attentive to the guests needs. I was concerned about the prices because of what I had read in other posts but they were actually better prices than I expected. I will stop here every time I am in Vegas, Michael the GM was awesome as was all the staff. Treat yourself and don't miss this place.
5	Back to the good ol' days!!  You can smoke on the patio again!!  This is what literally makes this the best smoke shop in Vegas!  Drop the wife or girlfriend off at Caesars and let them shop while you sit on the patio and watch the "view" and enjoy the game!
2	Nice break from the heat. Went twice over the weekend. Waitresses were very nice but the manager with the soul patch was a tool. Had it not been for his lack of hospitality,  I would have given it a 5 star rating and would have spent a lot more money! Since they don't care about repeat business, they won't have mine!
1	So, I planned my first trip to Vegas out and wanted the best mojito in town, only to find out that e best mojito in town is also located at a little place that has the best cigars in town. Thus, I planned the excursion around dinner...so my friends and I showed up at 5pm and waited a good five minutes for the hostess to show us to our seat, only for another patron to let me know that, "dude, just find a table, it's cool". The waitress out front saw us standing there and proceeded to ignore us. After find a seat and waiting for someone, anyone to at least say hi and get drinks ordered, I walked inside and to the humidor. I found a Fuente Hemingway and happened to run into a manager and let him know that I was quite bummed. He said he would take care of it and I thanked him for his time. After I paid for my cigar and found my seat, I waited what felt like another 10 minutes for the waitress to, at a minimum say hi and ask what we would like to drink. I even had to request an ashtray. Another 10 minutes goes by and my Hemingway Epitaph comes out along with my friends' drinks. Meanwhile, every other patron has been served, attended to, etc... After smoking half my cigar and finishing my first drink, I finally got the attention of my waitress, that being a standard Mojito. Which, quite frankly, could have been better. I have quite a few Cuban friends who have exiled parents who make phenomenal ones! Unfortunately, it took another 20 minutes or my second drink to come out, I even asked for the check with the second drink and had to go inside to pay!  I did get a visit from the soul patch manager who informed me very dryly that my drink was coming out - I seriously got the vibe that he felt like he was doing me a favor. All in all, I was there and hour and a half and my experience felt a bit awkward. Many of the older patrons seemed to get priority and service and I was treated like an inconvenience. I get it, I'm 32 and look 25, but my money is the same color. I've been to a few higher end cigar bars in South Florida and was treated with respect and class. Casa Fuente will not receive my patronage in the future. Sadly, I didn't even comment on the cigar, half way through my time, I just wanted to finish it and leave.
4	They have a great selection of A. Fuente cigars, welcoming atmosphere and helpful and friendly staff.I set my sights on a delicious Opus X double robusto match with Samaroli Panama Runm '99 off the black list. Was impressed with both and had a great people watching seat on the 'reserved' table.Was recommended to visit and will recommend others to visit it as well. This is a great spot.
4	This place will stay on the list of thing to do in Vegas.  They have an excellent selection of higher end cigars and a good environment to enjoy them in.  Their bar service is great with a good selection of whisky, bourbon and scotch to choose from.  I personally recommend the Hemingway's Epitaph.  It was great.
5	An excellent selection of Fuente cigars and at a very reasonable price. The mark up is about 5 dollars depending on the stick and given its location on the strip, I challenge you to find a cheaper Opus X. Not to mention, this IS the only place in the world you can buy the Casa Fuente House Blend cigar. Do yourself a favor and try one! Full bar keeps you hydrated while you smoke and my wife (along with everyone else) claims they have the best Mojito money can buy...
5	Amazing atmosphere. Great selection. Attentive service. Classy dudes. Currently it's tucked away behind some construction in the building. That takes away any sort of people watching one could do. But nonetheless it's a great spot to settle in with some friends and have some great conversation.
5	Definitely one of our must go to places when we visit Vegas. Walk in humidor with a large selection of cigars. Behind the bar are some of the best bartenders we have met, and they make incredible mojitos and caprihainas!!! A tv in the corner is usually on one of the sports channels.
5	Most amazing mojitos. Great selection of cigars and a very friendly and helpful staff. Highly recommended.
5	So We stopped in at Casa Fuente on Our Annual Fellas Trip. This was the 1st time for a few guys with us, and now Will Be A Must Stop next year! We all had a smoke and the choices they had inside their humidor was very impressive. The waitress who greeted us upon walking in was very attentive and just laid back, no real pressure on buying anything. You definitely have to add a drink with Ur smoke, the tangerine mojito was awesome. Never really had a mojito before, but this drink was perfect with Casa Fuente House Blend! The only bad thing is the construction going on right now along the escalator  but once it opens up again, you enjoy the people watching as they stroll thru the Caesars forums shops...
5	The BEST place for cigars in Vegas.  It's like church for Cigar Guys.  If you're a fan of cigars you must go here
5	We found this place while in Las Vegas for IPCPR.  We had been walking through the Forum Shops and just happened to come upon it.The store attendees were very knowledgeable when it came to their walk-in humidor which was very well maintained, tidy, and had a great atmosphere.  The bar had a great selection and the smoking area was well kept and everyone was enjoying themselves.  The seating inside was comfortable.  There were plenty of accessories available as well including clothing.It is odd to me being in a mall having a cigar with lots of traffic walking by but not enough for me to dock a star.  Great spot!  Check them out if you're in the area.
5	This humidor is one I try to resist the guile of, but the more I get into cigars the more I seem to find my feet taking me here and steering me into the right corner where all the magic bankrupting happens.Yes. It's on the strip and it will be reflected on prices - be realistic with your expectations. Now, that doesn't mean it can't be absolutely worth it, if you know what to get. I always tell tourist, I don't come to the strip for bullshit so it must be a solid place for me to come regularly.Humidor carries Fuente and their "cigar family", Ashton and Diamond Crown products ONLY so no, you can't get your Gurkhas here. There are cigars in every budget so you can get yourself something under $10 to smoke so you don't have to be a high roller to hang. Being a local though that has access to the everyday stuff, I rather buy everyday items off strip. I come for what cannot be bought anywhere else or obtained very easily. If I were to pick though a everyday smoke, I'm huge on the 858 sungrown, Magnum rosado, Ashton VSG.One of the things I go for is their Casa Fuente House Blends. There is a orange banded one (Cameroon wrapper) and a yellow banded one (Rosado wrapper), both are similar blends to the Opus X line - solid medium-full/full bodied cigars that aren't really available anywhere else for $20ish. I always tell people, that's the item to get. They have some rarities in the Opus, Don Carlos, Hemmingway lines that are worth perusing if it's there. Then there are the big daddies, the Forbidden Opus X stuff which are all the rarest vitolas and blends that go from $50-$100+. I'm not a gambler, I rather lose money to a experience than a few minutes at a table, but most definitely this is NOT a everyday thing. The fact that you can find these here and can smoke them on a whim is many hobbyists dream. If you are lost on what to get, customer service here is top notch. Jason, Colt, and Robert have been great on numerous visits and we often get lost in talking cigars with them. The bartenders and cocktail waitresses have also been solid, attentive. Beverages here are solid. I've had several of their signature cocktails and not one of them was badly made. They also have a respectable sipping spirits list of whiskeys and scotch. I have a soft spot for their mojitos and chipotle peach margarita. They make espressos and other coffee beverages if that's more your pairing, but I have not tried them yet. This also means that even if you have friends who don't smoke cigars but like fine drinks, you can bring them too!Only a few cons with this place that don't deter from the overall, but more to keep these in mind. Bathrooms you have to walk either upstairs or down the hall. It's not a large place so it can get full and sometimes it's a bit heavy with smoke. Wicker chairs are not kind to my legs when I wear dresses...and somehow I always am wearing a dress when I go here. It is in the middle of the Forum Shops which means you cannot light a cigar and then walk around as there is a no smoking policy for restaurants and shops so you either smoke there, outside or the casino floor. It can get busy as it is a small place, and Ive gilone before with no spot to sit inside ( you can smoke on the "outside" patio now but its been on/off over thevyears being allowed).Great spot to relax and sit a while. I am very glad we have such a place in our city.
5	So I was with my brothers (youngest just turned 21), my dad and one of his industry friends. We've all been smoking cigars for  while...my dad and his friend since before I was born...my brothers and I since we all turned 18. Casa Fuente is the only place you can get Fuente Fuente cigars...and well, they are amazing. One of the few non-cubans I look forward to getting to smoke, even more so than anything on the Opus X line. We had just finished dinner at Joe's. All of us were kinda drunk as hell and we ended up buying something like 30 Fuente Fuentes total...then I ended up ordering some dram off The Black List while my dad followed suit, think we did some rare Dalmore stuff, or an older Macallan. Why? Because drunk happy family vacation, that's why. Totally probably didn't enjoy the scotch in the way we should have because we'd been drinking all day. Still delicious, duh. Got three Fuente Fuentes still left in my humidor since the trip. Kinda hard to not take one right now.....:/ Need more.
4	My dad loves his cigars. He calls me while on my trip and asks me to bring him home some of their House Cigars as they are his favorite. My dad smokes a lot of cigars, and never asks me to do much so I stopped by before heading to the airport to get him some. Me walking into a cigar shop is like entering a foreign country as I do not know anything. I told the gentleman in the cigar room that I wanted to pick up a few of their house cigars for my dad. He pointed out they only had one and recommended some more. Since I didn't have any idea what to get, I called my dad. As I was on the phone with my dad the employee said he remembers talking to my dad on the phone yesterday. I got my cigars and went on my way. I'm not sure if they don't have many customers or if they just have amazing customer service. But for the employee to remember talking on the  phone with my dad and pointing me in the right direction of what to purchase is amazing! I walked out with 2 house cigars for a little over $45. Not bad (I'm assuming since I don't know much about cigar prices.) I will be coming back next Time I'm in town.
5	Had to come back twice to see our little sweetheart Glenda. She promised me some of the best mojitos and boy was she right. I'm not even a mojito drinker and I'm so loving these, they're fresh, tasty, and strong. I loved how bouncy and friendly Glenda was and I hope we can come back on our next trip and become one of her regulars. Moi bueno!
4	Solid selection of reasonably priced cigars with usually decent drink service. Enjoy puffing on an Ashton with a cocktail while sitting "outside" the store on one of their tables - it's a great place to see and be seen. Cappuccinos weren't bad either...
5	Casa Fuente is truly bigger than life in the best way possible; it is Vegas through and through. Walk into the tiny store occupying a corner under a pair of escalators in the Forum Shops, and you will be immediately transported to an idyllic Dominican Republic. The humidor is breathtaking because it is full of Fuente rarities, and cigars you ordinarily only read about online. Moreover, the mojitos are the best I've ever had, even surpassing those I've sampled on Calle Ocho, and on Miami Beach. The bartenders are cute, the drinks delicious (try Hemingway's Epitaph), the cigars, and cigar accessories are plentiful, so what is there not to like? Now, this is the Las Vegas strip so prices are high.  That being said, the quality, and strength of their mixed cocktails makes the $12-$14 price tag extremely reasonable when compared to that $7 bud light draught at the sports bar. More importantly, the cigars are extremely pricey, but the saving grace is their house blend, aptly named Casa Fuente, which can only be bought here. It is an Opus X filler and binder tobacco with various wrapper choices that differ from the original Opus X. These house blends range $18-$30 roughly, and are comparable to if not better than an Opus X.
4	some of the most unique best drinks I've ever had of been from here they have a nice humidor I personally do not buy my cigars from here I buy my cigars elsewhere and take them there which they're completely okay with and I sit down I have a couple drinks smoke my Drew Estate Java and just kick back and relax and take in the delicious smells drink my delicious drink followed by a mug of FRENCH PRESSED ILLY COFFEE!
1	Never again! Came here several times in the past and had a great time however tonight was completely different. Was treated like complete crap by what I believe is the manager or owner (with a bad goatee) who was completely rude. First I was told to sit down at a table by a hostess that said reserved to wait for him to seat us and he comes by telling us we can't just sit down anywhere. I explained that the hostess told me to sit and wait at which point he goes inside to ask her and returns telling me she didn't say that. I told him I wouldn't just make something up like that and again he is rude saying I just can't sit down. He had a terrible attitude and response along with the fact it was in front of all his other customers. Hate to say this but at the end of the day customer should always be right and should never be put in a he said she said situation. All he really needed to do is explain but instead treated us like our money wasn't good there. Spent hundreds of dollars in the past there and recommended to many friends but never again. Complete customer service FAIL. Would rate no stars if I could.
1	First of all, I would like to point out that my review is based on the poor treatment that we received from the manager. The bartender Marissa and our server (I am so sorry that I don't remember her name) were great! The manager Mike, with the poorly dyed soul patch and the Scarface persona was a complete jackass. I have been here several times over the past few years and have always loved my time here. I will not be back. Our whole party was treated rudely as well as a couple of guests that were not with us.This guy has no business being in the hospitality business. He has no idea how to interact with customers. Casa has lost our business for good!
5	I been coming here since it opened 2005  I think I have got to know everyone well like family Michael is a great guy and Michael Frey is a great person great owner makes u feel like ur home the cigars and drinks are great I love this place I wish we had one back at home thank u Casa for the great times and service
5	First off a little background. Casa fuente sells only cigars made by the Fuente family this includes all non fuente brands they make for others (ashton, etc). everything sold in the store is made by them and only them. What makes this a must see store is the selection. Since this is the only store of its kind anywhere in the world there are a lot of exclusives that an only be bought here at this store. They have undergone some recent renovation and the humidor is now bigger then before and there is more indoor seating space. The cocktails are very well made and its a nice place to sit and enjoy a smoke. To some people the service is uneven at best. i have been going here ever since they first opened and always get great service. They also hold things for me that are not on display and am always warmly welcomed back when i do stop in which isnt all that often. Michael the manager in particular usually has something special hidden away for me. All in all a special store in las vegas. Enter first level parking as there is heavy construction going until until june 2015.
5	Nice selection of Fuente Cigars including some very exclusive lines. Knowledgeable and friendly staff, reasonable, not cheap cigars. Top-of-the-line cigars for the most part. And finally, a very nice lounge. Nice to see a classy cigar-bar to enjoy while my wife shops! A win-win!
5	Great cigar bar! Exclusively Fuente brands with several select cigars that are exclusively available only at Casa Fuente (i.e. Opus Angel Share, Casa Fuente brand, certain God of Fire cigars). Nice selection of cocktails. They are known for their Mojitos (Classic and Tangerine) and Sangria's (red and white). They also have a nice selection of malts, cognacs, whiskey and bourbon that pairs well with cigars.
5	Best cigar place in Las Vegas! They have an amazing selection of cigars and a great bar to go with it. May I suggest a Sangria; they have red or white. Or! Just go for some whisky! Yum! They also have a great selection of rare Opus X cigars and my personal favorite the Between the Lines.
3	Drinks are awesome. Usually the waitress are average, but the most recent visit was horrible service . The waitress Jacque had attitude and horrible service . She ruined a night planned for drinks. We go out of our way as locals to make to the strip.
