4	Have you always wanted to own a pair of Citizens of Humanity jeans or a Prada bag but still needed to pay that month's rent?  This place is  heaven for the designer bargain shopper.  It's at the Las Vegas Outlets, only about a 10 min. cab ride off of the Strip, so it's totally worth it if you need that shopping fix.
4	When I was a kid, one of my mother's go-to cocktail party antics was to have her friends guess the cost of her entire outfit. My mother never failed in pulling the most obscenely low price out of her ass, "MY ENTIRE OUTFIT - LESS THAN $1!!!" Growing up, my mother routinely dragged me to estate sales where I would horrifyingly watch her bargain with an aging fiduciary for a dead person's undergarments. Every Sunday my sister and I would be forced to spend hours with her in the dusty clearance section of Ross Dress for Less, as she tried on endless pairs of scuffed Anne Taylor pumps. The fact that my mother exacted some strange satisfaction from being bombastically vocal about her spendthrift tendencies was always embarrassing to me, and I desperately never wanted to be like her. Unfortunately, I have become my mother.VIVIENNE WESTWOOD SUNGLASSES! FOR $50!! Seriously people, the designer sunglasses here are CHEAP, and surprisingly, the majority of them are not the vulgar rhinestone encrusted, oversized sunglasses with "DIOR" prominently displayed on the frames that you'd expect. The accessories section is cheap and worth a look, a lot of the mid-level designer handbags here are so drastically marked down they would make my own mother salivate. Women's ready-to-wear can be disappointing, as well as the shoe section. Men's sportswear and suits are comparatively better than women's sections. Overall, a great forum for some mother-daughter discount bonding.
2	I was really hoping that my winter coat would be here.  I've searched far and wide with no luck yet.  I walked into Off 5th with excited anticipation.  I was disappointed almost immediately.  The outerwear selection was truly gross.  I mean, I understand that this is discount, but the store is selling D&G dress shirts at $110.  Is it too much to ask for some modern cut men's outerwear?I gave up after 7 minutes.  And no, they weren't heaven at all.  I then walked around testing my will power.  I don't know how I ended up at the shoe section but I started looking for dress shoes that I totally didn't need.  I have 6 pairs in several colors.  There's really no point to shopping for this item.I did however, see a pair of Puma Ducati's.  They were predominantly red with a black trim along the heel.  The shoes relied on velcro straps for security.  I tried them on.  They felt perfectly snug.  I walked around, stopping at floor mirrors to look at every possible angle.  I pretty much made a firm decision to make the purchase.But then I realized that I wasn't here for these shoes.  They weren't that great.  I'd probably only wear them a handful of times.  Reality set in and I made my way to the exit.  Still with no coat!Ducati...try don't-cati...
3	I found a pair of Prada pumps here on sale for $90!!!  Crazy good deal.I have to deduct one star though for the appearance of the store and shitty outdated outlet it's located in.
3	Went to Off 5th the other day to check the selection out and make a comparison to Nordstroms Rack.  After walking through and taking a look I personally like the selection, pricing, and layout of NR a lot better than Off 5th.  The store just lacks the assortment of Men's selection that the Rack offers.  Now, for Women's shoes and handbags Off 5th probably scores major points.  Overall, I'll be sticking to my go to spots.
4	Love this place for a good deal - I bought a pair of hot pink Carrie Bradshaw-ish Manolos for only $120!!!!!! They always have designer shoes here!! Cute clothes too!
3	Ok. let me be honest. I'm not terribly into fashion. I don't consider myself the kind of person that has a handbag for every outfit. Hell, I dont even have a separate one for church. I have a coach purse.. not a handbag. Granted I've had only one coach purse I paid full price for till... I moved to a big city that had .....drumroll... outlet malls!This place is just the Ross version of the original store. Even some stuff here is terribly pricy. One of my fav. past times is to walk thru these stores and laugh w/ my bf about how ridiculously expensive some of this stuff was or is. I'm sorry I'm never going to pay $100 for a single pair of jeans. Its just not me. But this place I came in for one purpose. to find a cute dress I could wear to a night club. Granted, I've lived in LV for almost a yr and I've yet to go to a nightclub which I'd probably get in free to. I found the perfect cocktail dress... something I'd never normally wear but I tried it on and loved how my body looked in this dress.. as if it literally transformed my body into something I didnt hate for 5 minutes. Wow.!!Is this why people buy such expensive clothes? Is this what I've been missing out on? I love Off Saks 5th for that! It was the most expensive dress I've ever had and my bf bought it for me, and wow I loved him for that, knowing he didnt buy himself anything put a pair of shoelaces all afternoon long and never complained once after 5 hrs of shopping and walking. That's when you know you have a keeper. (the man and the dress!) I wowed him w/ this outfit and will be back for more!Sunglasses galore, handbags as far as the eye can see. guys clothes didnt really look at but Ill admit Nordstrom Rack is much larger than this place. I didnt go to the shoes, Ill save that for my next trip.
4	The prices are HIGH, but the quality is too. It's definitely a higher end version of the typical outlet store for this mall. I love browsing their jewelry and shoe sections. They have lots of high-end brands for relatively reasonable prices. The store is immaculate and organized, which is a plus when shopping. I have found a number of lovely pendants here in the past and to this day I get compliment upon compliment on them. I don't spend as much time as I used to at this outlet mall, but I come back time and again for Off 5th!
4	This place is SHOE HAVEN.I was so not prepared to shop here...usually my family is anti-Black Friday but geez, I totally regret not bringing more cash to splurge at Off 5th.  I swear, I wanted to purchase every pair of shoes I laid my eyes on.  The prices might seem a little high but they're still a good deal.  I mean, how many of you are willing to pay full price for a designer heel?  I sure don't see myself doing that anytime soon but its great to know that I can get a pair here for a fraction of the price.When I visit Vegas again, this will be the first place I will shop at.
5	I almost don't want to write a review about this place because I like to think of it as my little secret, but this is a hidden gem of shopping in Vegas!!! I LOVE coming here and blowing my money on designer swag at 30-60% off of the original price, I live for that!!! You can find some really NICE designer shoes, sunglasses & clothes here, but you have to go at the right time.. when the sale first starts
3	3 stars for their amazing deals, they lose two stars for their customer service. I work at one of the store in the outlets is I usually will go in after my shift has ended. Never have I felt so uncomfortable in a store. Everytime I go in I am being followed. I understand they have expensive items but come on, let me browse. I never  get a "can I help you" just stares. Whenever I walk into that store I go with the intend to buy something. I feel that because I walk in with my work clothes and because I am young they treat me differently. If it wasn't for the great deal I would not return. Where else would I get 40 dollars marc Jacobs sunglasses??I think the staff needs to learn how to treat everyone nicely.
5	I worship at the House of Off 5th. It is a designer sanctuary to be sure. Walk in and your overwhelmed by the many, many pieces of merchandise. Anything your heart desires, by any designer you can think of (save for the really big ones: Prada, Gucci, etc.). My best friend once found a pair of Jimmy Choos for $100. She's a size bigger than I am so we didn't fight over them, but had we worn the same size a super size shoe throwdown would have happened. Just sayin.Went in today and found Joe's jeans for $60/pair. Not a flaw to be seen. That's a deal if I ever landed one!Their clothes are so delicious. You just know you're not in TJ Maxx here. The sale racks are ANOTHER 50% off. I've run races that didn't have me breathing as hard as I did when I found a 100% silk Tahari shirt (with tie at the neck and teal - TEAL!) for $30. I KNOW.You can get lost in this store. I mean, so much to choose from! And, the employees? Asking how I am as they're headed past me to do something else? How thoughtful, I'm fine, just watching cash fly out of my bank account. No worries. I don't want to write this review, I don't want anyone else to shop there. I want it all for myself.Oh god, fine. Go then.
3	I used to like this store as it does carry some killer designer stuff at less than retail. That being said, the selection has gone a little down hill recently. A lot of the brands they would never carry at the real Saks Fifth Avenue, but here they stock it (Lucky Brand, Guess, True Religion, Ben Sherman...I see this stuff at Marshall's for way less).I noticed that clearance racks are always full (which is good) but they are consistanly with the same stuff Off 5th has had for months (low turnover). Most of the time is it 50% off the lowest price which is a good deal. There are some cool stuff here I will say, you just have to look. I will also add the clearance rack is in good supply in all sizes. The shoe supply here is good and most everything is 25%-50% off. Overall they need to turn over their merchandise more often. Once a month visit to this store is more than enough. If you are in the area, it is worth a stop in.
5	Everytime I drive from vegas to LA or vice versa this is a must stop!Its probably one of the oldest, wierdly located, dark and gloomy Saks I've been in but that never stopped me from walking out toting bags of new designer bargains!I remember about 10 years ago it started with Juicy Couture Jeans, over to summery couture dresses and now lastly a pair of killer boots reduced from $800 to $90!!!Gotta love the clearance racks that offer an additional 50% off.It's always really empty in here people wise, but stocked chock full of goodies waiting to be taken home!God I love this place, with so much good outlet shopping around, why on earth pay retail????
4	This is one of my favorite places to shop in the valley. If you are looking for brand names (Marc by Marc Jacobs, Theory, Tracy Reese, Rag and Bone, DVF, etc.) at a discounted price, Off Fifth is one of the best places to shop in Vegas.  It is not cheap, but the store does offer great prices on quality merchandise.  Like any outlet, I don't generally go there looking for a specific piece ("I need a pair of tan lace up boots"), but I do go there when I am looking for a cute dress for a specific occasion. Pros: They are ALWAYS having some kind of sale.  If you sign up for their "More" card you get notification about upcoming sale events in the store.  They have a twice (or possibly more) annual "buy ONE get TWO free" sale on their clearance items. These items are often high quality and slightly out of season. They earned a customer for life with those sales. Buy ONE get TWO free alone should win you over, but if you need more encouragement, I will continue. On the whole their employees are pleasant. They might not be as informed as you might like, but they are (generally) easy to deal with.  Management can be a different story (see Cons below). The employees keep the store neat and I like that they reorganize the store every once in a while to make the shopping experience easier. If you need an outfit for a trip, a cute top to pair with a "hard to match" pant or skirt, or a "smell good" gift, I don't mind coming here instead of heading to a high-end or bargain store. A fantastic find is not guaranteed at Off Fifth, but a good deal is. That's why I keep coming back. And if all of that isn't enough, I don't know a better place to get designer sunglasses. Right now all of their sunglasses are $99. Prada, Gucci, Tory Burch, etc. You won't get this season's styles, but they have a wide selection of cute shades. I hate to give this tip and ruin my special secret, but here goes: For those looking for unique bra sizes, they often have a small selection of excellent quality bras at 50% (or more) off of the retail price. Cons: *The only benefit of their "More" card seems to be sale notification; I'm not sure what else being on yet another email list is getting me. *I have had to deal with a few sour managers in the years I've bee a regular customer; know the return policy if you are unsure about an item. Even if you don't the lady with the keys behind the counter will.  This ain't Saks. *The sale rack can get a bit stale; I don't go often, but I know I have seen a few of those tops on the rack for more than one season.  * I am not always crazy about their jean/pant selection.*They have some premium brands as a deeply discounted price, but the styles can be a bit....dated.  You won't find last season's Chloe shirt at this store.*If you're squeamish about shopping in the "right" neighborhood, you might be put off by the store's location.But I could care less about the cons (gives a dismissive wave to the "cons" list).  I want to get the best quality for the lowest price and Off Fifth rarely lets me down.
4	5 stars for the customer service and 4 stars for the selection of items in the store. As soon as I walked in several employees greeted me with a smile and asked if I needed assistance. Emelda ended up helping me find all the sizes I needed. She was so pleasant and helpful! Everyone from the greeters to the cashiers gave great service. This is exactly why I shop at Saks and Off Saks. Honestly I could get these items elsewhere even possibly a bit cheaper, but it's worth it to me to shop here just because of the service I get every time I walk in.
3	Lately I haven't been able to find anything to buy at Off Fifth. Things are still very expensive and not really my style. I did find a jacket for my hubby and the salesperson was cool enough to honor the coupon even though we didn't have one. The store doesn't seem well stocked. And it's in a weird part of the mall separate from everything else. I will still shop here and hopefully my future visits will be more successful.
2	Unlike Nordstrom Rack or the direct outlets of Ferragamo, Porsche Design, Armani, and others at the North Premium Outlets "Off 5th" from Saks Fifth Avenue is nothing like its namesake store.  While the aforementioned spots are often found to be offering items off-season but flawless in quality at prices more than 50% off retail the Saks Outlet is largely selling items that never saw the light of day inside their stores - or items that may have sat on the bottom of the rack two years prior.  Browsing the Varvatos selection, for instance, displayed no John Varvatos Italian line options but rather all Varvatos USA while the "Grey" and "Red" labels from Saks make up less than 5% of their store at Fashion Show but more than 75% of that on offer "Off 5th."
2	man, this store went downhill...FAST.used to be so fun to shop here.  i heard it was bought out, so maybe that brought upon the downward slope.  who knows...but the quality of the clothing is terrible.  for the deeper discounts...AKA clearance...a lot of the clothes have stains, rips, broken buttons, zippers, etc.  looks used even.  :-(  the clothes in the non-clearance are just OK...not any really good deals that would make you want to make a special trip out of.doesn't help that the store director (rachel n) is not a very nice woman.  she stands at the front to greet you with a smile, but don't let that smile fool you.  when dealing with this woman, she has been less than pleasant to me (and other people I know) more than once.  she has a bit of an attitude with a touch of rudeness.  don't ever return something or require her assistance.  you will experience the wrath of rachel.i will have to say there are other nice employees around.  there is a kid - johnson at the front who is mega cool and helpful...and generally the other employees are friendly and helpful.  other than that, this is just an ordinary store and i believe their items do not all come from SAKS.  sad, sad, sad...save your time and money and go to nordstrom rack.  they're even building another one in summerlin.  HOORAY!
