4	Hmmm. Now what to say about this one that won't embarrass me and/or my husband too much :)  Let's just say, it's good but it ain't THAT good.Now that that's over, the Better Than Sex Cake Cafe is above average for a cafe, especially one as small as this one is (7-10 tables in a hole-in-the-wall). Try not to be put-off by the name or the slightly shabby location and drop in for lunch one day. They offer a good selection of sandwiches, salads, pizza, and a few really tasty soups. They also have excellent quiche. Now for the cake. In case you hadn't heard of this recipe of cake before, here's the concept in a nutshell: You bake a chocolate cake (from scratch is better of course but a cake mix will do), and after the cake is out of the oven, poke holes in the top with the end of a wooden spoon or something similar. Drizzle fudge, caramel, and sweetened condensed milk into the holes, so the whole thing is soaked through. Then top with crushed chocolate-toffee candy bars, whipped cream, and a few more toffee bar crumbles for good measure. There are a lot of varieties, but you get the idea. At the Better Than Sex Cake Cafe they serve three different of these cakes. You'll just have to come in and decide for yourself if they are really better than sex...
4	The name does suggest some competition and what's funny is that you can't have better than sex cake without having the thoughtful discussion around is it or isn't it. I'd dare say there's more sex being discussed at the little cafe tables than on an Oprah show.My thoughts, it is good cake...
4	No, cake cannot replace sex, but it definitely tastes good. I've tried both the carrot and chocolate cake, and will order the latter whenever I have a chance. I also have had the quiche of the day - very tasty - and their raspberry dressing is pretty yummy. It's not a large place and can fill up fast. They are looking to franchise if anyone is interested.
3	I may improve my star rating after tasting the quiche. It looked amazing and according to the ladies sitting behind me, it was "rich and delicious". It was served with fresh fruit and a cup of home made soup.Unfortunately I had the Club sandwich- minus the bacon and honey mustard dressing. The turkey was obviously from a package, and since the description read "grilled sandwiches" I was a little more than disappointed with the fact it was cold. I had been expecting gooey melted cheese on my fresh veggies and roasted turkey. My brother- with the same sandwich said he'd be pretty happy if he pulled this one off in his own kitchen, but being that this is a food establishment he was disappointed. The lemonade that was "made this morning" I'm sure had been made from a powder.The cake was worth the drive. We ordered the Classic and devoured it. We were about to pay the check when "cuttings" of the Red (carrot cake) were brought out for our tasebud pleasure. The "cuttings" were about the same size as a regular slice and we were not charged. Very hospitable. I believe its because I made a crack about not being crazy about carrot cake and the owner felt the need to defend herself. That she did. The icing was creamy and delicious ad the cake was the most moist carrot cake I have ever had.I'll be back to give it another try, but next time I'll sit in the cute and romantic courtyard, I'll order a quiche, and I'll stick with water or coffee. If I am not impressed, I'll try the Country Cottage (a cute cafe backing into the same courtyard) for lunch and then hit up BTSCC for cake.Right- one more notable- the fries were fresh, crisp, and tasty. Crunchy golden on the outside and tender on the inside. Good eats.
5	I loved the cake--and the quiche--and the soups (French onion was great!)--and the friendly personal service--and the rubber stamp store next door!  Hope to see them again soon!
1	Well  I don't know what Kind of sex they've been having, but I've never had sex that Bad!Honestly the worst Carrot Cake I've Ever had!Served in a big thick square, no layers, no filling, it had the consistency of wet packed sand that was thinly covered with a flavorless white frost and sprinkled with toffee chips and topped with a soggy strawberry.UGH!I'm so glad I didn't have lunch there, and now I never will.It was also just a weird vibe walking in there, it's located in the same shabby courtyard as the country cottage, but had no class.To the right as I walked in was a dimly lit area that looked like a ceremonial orgy room with a shrine to the God awful cake...WTF...There was about 4 or 5 dark haired wannabe Italian guys running around acting like waiters.........is that supposed to be a turn on to get you ready for the non-climactic cake........I think only Pasta Brioni can pull that one off but barely.So I took 2 bites and threw it in the trash, said thanks for nothing and called my husband to tell him he had NOTHING to worry about!!FYI...if your sex is so bad that your are resorting to that cake.....GOD HELP YOU!
4	Dragged here by a quirky friend who insisted there was a restaurant down this alley that had good cake...And she was right!  She was picking up a piece of cake for her boyfriend, and I just could not resist a slice of carrot cake.  It is a heavy duty cake as another reviewer pointed out, but I found it quite tasty and moist.  It is slab cake and not a multi layer one, but that is just different presentation to me.Now for the name... I have to give them credit for the creative name, as it definitely sparks a discussion.  Maybe the only way to settle it once and for all is to try both at the same time...
4	Ok...not better than Sex, but the cake was very good.  We got a piece of all of the cakes.  They are a bit on the more expensive side, but still very good!
4	The food is good.  The service is good.  It needs a lunch special pricing in order to become a regular in the rotation.I got the Market Street Salad with Chicken which had candied pecans and strawberries for $8.95.  It was very yummy and ultra healthy.  The iced tea was good.I have had a number of things on the menu and nothing was ever disappointing.  I think the salad is my favorite.  The quiche was a pleasant surprise.I have never actually tried the cakes, but they look damn good.
2	Been here twice for a sandwich and piece of cake.  Both were OK. Service was a bit odd both times.Nice patio atmosphere.  If their hours didn't suck it  would be a sweet place for coffee and a piece of cake in the morning.  Missed opportunity.
1	Never been there ... scared away by the name. But I read an article that it had closed Sat. 4-11-09 so I wanted to verify that was the case so I can add it to my list of  closed businesses and things that aren't there anymore.http://thedish.freedomblogging.com/2009/04/09/is-better-than-sex-cake-cafe-closing-saturday/6115/Indeed it was closed. Sign says closed for the season until Oct. but the article above indicates it may be longer than that.
3	Three times I have stopped by here in the hopes of getting a bite to eat and was disappointed again they were closed.  Maybe next trip!
2	6-16-10 - I drove by on way home from downtown - sign on wall said "closed, thanks for your patronage over the years." I see that it is open for business again, driving by 10-6-09
