4	Staying at the Hilton, I love the breakfast buffets this place offers! They always have my favorite, biscuits and gravy, bacon, sausage, french toast (or pancakes), some sort of potatoes, two types of scrambled eggs, fruit, lox/tomatoes/capers, and of course, the omelet station! tons of toppings to choose from, and they even have egg whites as well! she'll also fry up an egg any way you like it if you dont want an omelet/scramble. plus they have a side area of yogurt, granola, fruit to go, danishes/bagels, cereal, and more. Staff here are super nice, always getting you your drinks.Had dinner here as well, and unfortunately their dinner is just sub-par. We had 2 platters of cheese and crackers to start off with, and all the cheeses were yummy! First time I had sage cheese, and surprisingly, it was good, even with all the green! For dinner, we had the pita and pesto hummus which was very good. Their fresh sourdough bread is amazing too! I chose their tomato basil soup, which I've had before, and it was good, but it's never piping hot. Their salads looked amazing too! Their dinner menu isn't too extensive, some fish dishes (the salmon seems to be a fave), steak dishes, and pasta. I went with the southern meal that I can't have regularly, shrimp n grits. The grits were made into crab cake portions, with shrimp and andouille sausage. It wasn't the shrimp and grits I was imagining, I wanted the grits to be more of a porridge, so was let down. But luckily I was too full, I could only eat a quarter of my dish anyways.Great service, and we had 2 birthdays to celebrate, and the desserts they brought out were so nice! Would highly recommend them for their breakfast, although I wish they had hash browns as a potato option! Everyone raved about the salmon and gnocchi for dinner, so would recommend that too!
4	My lovely bride and I happened upon this place while running some errands in the Boardwalk area. We figured the hotel would have to have a restaurant. We were greeted warmly and promptly seated. Not over crowded on Saturday afternoon. Christina took excellent care of us and her recommendations were spot on. I ordered the Caliente Burger my wife got the nachos. The Caliente Burger was so good I stopped halfway through devouring it to take a picture (had to share it with my fellow Yelpers). Nice amount of spice and excellent flavor. Very juicy and BIG. The sweet potato fries were tender and sweet with a light crispy, even flaky exterior. They are served with a creamy concoction that has a light citrus but and pleasant flavor for dipping. The nachos were pretty good (appetizer menu) plenty big enough to share but nothing to write home about. Wife got a (huge) slice of strawberry shortcake cheesecake for desert. It was great!Only thing keeping them from getting all five stars from me is the price. I DO understand it is a Hilton but the area they are situated in is not going to draw the crowd for that price. When are they going to drive the geese out of that nasty pond and clean that place up...? I know.. off topic, but still.12 bucks for a burger (well worth it) and 45 bucks for lunch for two (with tip-no alcohol) is too much to make us regulars, but for a nice lunch on a whim we will definitely be back.
2	I chose this restaurant for Easter because the number of non-asian and non mexican choices on Restaurant.com are limited. I wanted a steak and fish place not too far from home. I had to make reservations for 5:00 as they would not take my gift certificate for the brunch hours.Let me begin that our man who was our Server was Excellent. Very attentive.This place is located in a hotel. While walking into the restaurant, we noticed the carpet had Not been vacuumed in the the 2 hour break between brunch and dinner. There were two other tables occupied so it was not like it was overflowing with people.The menu is very limited. The wine choices even house wines were 8.00 and up. A White Haven Savignon blanc is 16.00 a bottle in stores and was 11.00 per glass in this place. Talk about markup.My son and I ordered the Ribeye, my friend order the Sea Bass.the Sea Bass looked fresh and presentation was good. I tasted a bit of her fish and it had a nice outward crispness and inside white and flaky but a bit oily tasting.Our ribeye steaks were an embarrassment. I do not understand why the trend to cut nice 1/2 in to 1 in steaks in half horizontally. except to make more money.The steaks were cooked to order surprisingly, but if they were 1/4" thick . there was a lot of fat on the edges that had to be cut off. which reminded me more of the fat you get on a prime rib.the mashed potatoes were gummy. the  best part was the sauteed spinach which was suppose to be creamed spinach. At 22.00 for 1/4""  thickness of a ribeye I will not be returning to this establishment. Good thing I had the 25.00 off the bill. I could have gotten a great steak at Outback for the price.
4	Went for the breakfast buffet and it was very good. Quality of food (minus the waffles) were really good. Omelettes were made fresh, bacon wasn't the cheap kind, fruits were good. Only thing that I didn't really like is that the waffles tasted like the free waffles you get at the 1-2star hotels. They did make it fresh for you but it wasn't that tasty. Service was "okay". My server never came to my table until I called for him. I definitely recommend the buffet breakfast.  Views from outside are also very nice as well.
3	We were there for a Saturday morning brunch. The food was good but the service needs a lot of improvement. We were not told at the time of checking in that the buffet closes within next 10 minutes. By the time we settled in and had already started that we were informed the buffet closes in few minutes.
