4	went here with few friends for a sunday lunch.the location is superb. it's right next to a river with a view to the water with small patio where you can enjoy your food and the view in the summer. the decorations.... well it's interesting. the ceiling and one of the walls kept the look and feel from the times when it was another restaurant and the other walls are now decorated accordingly to the restaurant's current name. but it adds some character and uniqueness to the restaurant. I'm not quite sure if that was lunch special only but with any main dish you were allowed to get a soup and a salad at the salad bar for no extra cost. the service was quick and very very attentive. I had many questions about veg options and was notified even abut the chicken broth in the soup. great job.the only reason it gets 4 out of 5 starts is because the menu even though it has vegetarian section is very non veg friendly. the veg section is combined with pasta section and thus includes fish and beef... so... but anyway. I had a very yummy semi thai dish Kung Pao for $15 with mix of veggies, terriyaki sauce (no fish sauce in it - checked) and rice noodles. veg pizza with fries, smoked salmon, smoked chicked and other dishes we ordered from the special menu all for $12 were all very good too. great prices for the location and the atmosphere. and koodos to our waiter who even though very new on the job (2.5 days) did everything to make sure our needs are satisfied and questions are answered.
1	For the first time in ages I felt like turning into Gordon Ramsey over (A) the way too extensive menu, (B) the execrable "salad bar" that is an insult to salad bars everywhere, (C) the silliest plates I have ever seen in a restaurant (basically a small bowl with a wide brim which makes cutting anything well-nigh impossible), (D) the half burnt half raw and cold salmon "steak" I was served with (E) a way overly drenched pasta that tasted like nothing but acidic tomatoes and last but not least (F) the too loud music that made conversation difficult at best. No wonder they were giving away coupons to the place on the boardwalk. Never going back ever.
2	Not so good experience there. They made us wait a lot without even asking for the drinks. The salad bar was too small for the place and with no variety at all. At one point someone that looked as the owner started arguing with one of the waiters in front of the customers, not a nice experience. The food was good, but not remarkable.
5	I went there with my best friend once and we pretended we were an obviously gay couple just for the heck of it. (Weird friendship, I know. I've known the prick since I'm 7)Everyone saw through our game and tagged along, asking me if he was on his period when he went to the bathroom and telling me I should upgrade if he's not good enough. VERY VERY VERY friendly staff, love them! The only girl that didn't tag along was a newbie that didn't quite get it and was stressed out by the job.Prices were pretty decent. They also have a student 12$ per meal menu which is quite worth it in my opinion. The fish and chip and snails were delicious, the service was impeccable and the best I ever received in my life.The greeter also told my friend I'll be wearing the pants in the relationship since I ordered dry vodka martinis and he orders lychee martinis. Very funny people, decent prices (drinks were a bit expensive but it was to be expected with martinis and liquid cocaine), INCREDIBLY good looking restaurant, quiet and clean.I love it!
1	Worst ever, lunch menu includes soup, which was the most liquid cream of tomato soup, tasted ok.  Salad bar included salad greens old and wilted from last night the worst was the mold on the baguette, i returned the bread and they brought back cold ciabata.... Ordered from the lunch menu pasta which was half cold/hot we returned it and asked for the chicken tortilla wasn't bad but you had to look for the chicken.  The comment from the server was i guess it wasn't your day ... We will never go there again  and never recommend it.u
