5	A hidden treasure! This place has a run-down sign in the front (a giant boba cup), but you'll feel like you've been portaled into a chic Chinese cafe upon entering! I came in for breakfast, and had their waffle and fruit plate - delish! And they didn't skimp on the fruit as a lot of places do! My meal included a choice of drinks... and I got the Taiwanese-style Black Milk Tea.  Good stuff man! This place offers a vast menu, so there's something for everyone!  Great service! Free Wi-Fi!  My favorite part was their washroom...LOL... of all things!
1	DON'T EVER ORDER FOOD FROM THIS RESTAURANTI made an order on a sunday night through justeat.ca, still hadn't received 5 minutes after the estimated delivery time, called them, they told me the delivery guy was on his way, 20 minutes passed, no one showed up, I called them again, they said the food should be here any minute, another 10 minutes passed, I called justeat.ca's customer care and it turns out, their delivery guy hadn't showed up to work. If they had told me this when I first called them, I wouldn't have to wait an extra 30 minutes to order food from an other place.
2	Their bubble tea is very mediocre, however the food was nicely prepared. I had the Salt & Pepper Pork and it was a little bit over-fried, was difficult to chew.What I didn't appreciate is that my spoon was not properly washed. It had pieces of dried eggs on it... They did gave me a new one but come on, wash your utensils properly.Good food, but was disappointed in the hygiene.
4	I give this place 4 stars for their bubble tea and appetizers, but a 3 for their main dishes. I highly recommend coming here for just their drinks and snacks mostly because the 2 times I've been here, the mains were not that special. It was actually tasteless in fact. I had the black bean noodles the last time I went, and before that I had the spicy chicken dish. Both were just really average, maybe even below average.But! Their bubble tea was consistently good the 3 times I have gone. I ordered the milk green tea and the original milk black tea. It's not too sweet like how some places make it. Just perfect! I do have to warn you all though, the last time I went the lounge smelled like public toilets.  To be fair, this is the first time it has ever smelled like that. What's funny is the bathroom door was apparently closed when the smell was around. So how does that work?Anyways, definitely come here for bubble tea and snacks. It's worth it. They have a great variety of drinks like smoothies, shaved ice etc. Plus they have comfortable couch chairs!
4	Pretty impressive for a hole-in-the-wall! I absolutely urge patrons to try their savory foods (not just the desserts and teas - which are pretty decent; the only drawback is that it's fifty cents extra for tapioca balls in the tea, which I think should be standard, so one star off for that).Otherwise, great fresh juices, probably the best congee in Montreal, very hearty noodle soup, and pretty nice dumplings. They will spice things up if you ask. The staff is quite efficient and courteous! Between ordering and leaving (including being seated), the total time spent here was almost an hour. We not only did not feel rushed, but we actually got to relax and enjoy our order. I will go back simply to try their wings. Overall, check it out!
5	This is a review for just the tea, not the food. The tea is excellent and there are tons of options. You can specify exactly the type of tea, level of sweetness, and type of pearls you want, and prices are reasonable. Perfect for a cold winter day.
