1	Avoid this business.  There are plenty of other Glass Companies on the West Side of Las Vegas who do great work.  Here's my experience:  I've used them for years.  I've brought windows in for repair, and had them come out and install.  However, in the last few years their quality of work and customer service has deteriorated.  I had a Sliding Glass Door installed.  The frame pulled away from the wall, so I had to repair that.  Shortly after that, I had them come out for an estimate on a retro-fit from single to double pane.  They did not offer my wife any selection of frame color (she was naiive and didn't ask) so they picked what they wanted.  I could live with it, but the installers damaged the frame on install day.  I watched them hit it with a rubber mallet to try and bend my new window frame back in to shape.  They didn't know I was watching and got very quiet when I caught them.  I declined install that day.  They stalled for more than a month to "make good" on their failure.  On their word they were going to make a new frame, but instead replaced the bent section.  I cut them a break and approved the install due to my tenant's need for the window.  However, the installers were flippant when I refused the original install, and were patronizing when they came out with the repaired window.  I put that experience aside and tried again with something simple:  screens.  I brought two screens to have re-produced.  With the screens in hand, the measurements should have been exact. But, both sets of screens were made too large to fit the windows.  I compared the new screens in the shop with the old screens I had brought in, something that the shop should have done before calling me to pick them up.  But they didn't!  In addition,  I was told the screens would be ready by a Monday, but they were not ready until the Friday of that week.  Punctuality problem for the second time!   I declined the purchase of the wrongly made screens, grabbed my old screens (which I believe were never used by the sub for comparative measure) and went out to my truck.  The woman from the office came out to offer to "re-cut" the screens, but I declined and let her know that Dan Bradley Glass had lost my business.  I currently own many rental properties in Las Vegas and have a complete retrofit planned for one of the houses.  Dan Bradley has lost that job, in addition to any of the future repairs that property managers inevitably face as part of the cost of renting houses, condos, and townhouses.  I recommend avoiding this business to avoid the frustration with a company that is clearly failing the basic commitment to providing quality work and customer service.
5	After calling and getting estimates from 6 other glass shops, who either could not do it or were extravagantly high priced, I called Dan Bradley glass. Darrel came out to give me the estimate.He was nice and professional. He called me within a day and gave me my quote, which I was ecstatic with. I have been trying to get a window for my balcony for years. The installers did a fantastic job, once again they were prompt and professional. I simply LOVE my window!!!  Thank you Dan Bradley!!! Will definitely be calling again for my other Windows that need replacement. :) It was a small job, but they treated us well and like our business was important to them. The office staff was also exceptional. Thanx guys for everything!
5	I have used Bradley galss for several years.  They made glass table protectors, new family room table and recently a very large E-grade window that was fogging up, they came out measured and set price.  On time, great customer service and totally honest about my window problems.  I think they are top notch and the guys who come to measure and or install are so respectful, use bootie liners on their shoes, on time and courteous.  A+++ for Dan  Bradley Glass.  Thanks so much . Outstanding !
1	The initial consultation and work sent well. They came out, took measurements and then scheduled the install. When it was time to install the technicians were professional and the glass panel was put in without issue. In talking with the installers, they told us that the silicone used to seal the edges would never mold. Not that it would matter for us, give the walk in shower is open, there's no door between the bathroom and the shower area, so the shower dries out rather quickly and does not stay moist. One year later, mold is growing on the silicone along the bottom of the glass panel. I called and they sent out a technician to evaluate. He measured the angle of the dam wall the glass is sitting on, looked at a few other things and said that everything is built correct and there is no reason he can see for the mold to be there.Two days later I had not heard back from their office, so I called back and spoke to a woman who informed me that we had to have a mold remediation company come out to take care of the mold on the silicone before they would come out to replace the silicone, which they would charge about $100 to do. Note, that nothing else in the entire shower, or house for that matter, is molding. Even if the technicians hadn't told us the silicone would never mold, I'm extremely disappointed with Dan Bradley Glass and their claims that their work and products have nothing to do with the mold, when it's the only thing in the entire house that has mold on it!I ended up hanging up on them when it became clear that there were not interested in helping out our family in any way, nor would they stand behind their work or products.As Sergio P. mentioned, the receptionist is one of the worst that I've dealt with as well.
1	This front receptionist name Samantha really should just stay home. Acts very unprofessionally.As a long time commercial customer, I have never seen anyone like her. She's got  an attitude problem. The owner should observers her daily behavior as well as employee input too. As I was there waiting for my glass replacement, I have heard her complaints and criticized her coworker how screwed up was with the appointments for at least 10 minutes, seem to her that I was not there. Who would bashed their own company or staffs when customers are present. And at the end as I pay for my window. She was really upset and it showed.
