2	I'm not a huge fan of this store, but prices are often good and it's 3 minutes away from where I live. There is usually something ghetto going on here, in store and in the parking lot, such as people selling tamales out of their trunks, people buying groceries with food stamps and paying cash for cigarettes, and other various stupidities, so it's not really a great environment. EDIT: There was a guy asking for money in the aisles during the 2010 holiday season... I'm like, REALLY?? And you're asking at the most ghetto grocery store ever where the customers are mostly money pinching and paying with ebt? I couldn't believe it.About the produce department mentioned in the other review, I disagree. It is a good size with good prices but every time I attempt to buy something from there, EVERY piece of produce I pick up is bruised or has something wrong with it... and I refuse to buy crappy produce. I have bought meat here though and it was fine. Basically, avoid buying produce here unless it's just potatoes or something that's difficult to mess up. Even the onions and oranges here suck constantly. I go here to pick up frozen food and soup and other basics, but otherwise try to avoid the place.
2	I never shop at Food 4 Less, but the Better Half left me a "Honey-Do" list today and her instructions said that I would find Tumeric here.  So, I came all the way down here to look for Tumeric.  Well, it turns out they don't have any and they don't carry it.  The Wifey sent me on a Wild Goose Chase.Oh well, since I was there I decided I would do a little shopping.  After walking around for about a 1/2 hour, I determined that A) I don't really like any of the items here and B) The items I do like, I can find at other grocery stores at a lower price.So, I quit F-ing around and left.Will I return?  Probably not.
3	An average grocery store. I enjoy the diversity of their products and the prices are really reasonable on meats and produce. It always seems a little messy but they are always crazy busy so I totally understand. The employees have always been extremely pleasant and helpful.
5	Yeah, these people crack me up with their discrimination against poor people, like poor=criminal. Shame on you! The neighborhood is surrounded by older and newer homes that were going for half a million bucks up until  2008 so anyone living in the neighborhood could either afford half a million bucks or has been living there for 30 years when housing prices were cheaper. Very few apartment complexes around!Anyway- the produce department is the best in Vegas....Good prices...selection on other items is hit and miss. They do have some very nice Romano cheese there that I can't find anywhere else, so there you have it.If you don't mind having to be exposed to some people who may or may not be on............YUCK................FOODSTAMPS!.....then this is a great grocery store.The rest of you can go to hell............which is where you'll be!
4	Even tho the area seems Ghetto and the parking lot is dark it's an OK place. I have seem a lot worst. Some items are fairly cheap other isn't but that's like anything anywhere. Just need to shop around for the best prices. The workers there are hard working, must of them having two jobs etc so cut them a break if they look tried and out of it. When they have energy they're nice and friendly.
4	I'm not sure why, but I love shopping here. The store layout is perfect for weaving up and down the isles in order to cover the entire store. There aren't any weird sideways isles to navigate, so shopping is a breeze. The cashiers are always nice. The only gripe I have is that boxes tend to get left in the isles with product still in them, which causes a traffic jam sometimes. Other than that, no other complaints.
