5	I was looking for a good drink and went to starbucks. Well next door is Jersey Mikes so I decided to check it out. Right when I walked in I was greated with a smile and friendly hello. I have never heard of this place so I let them know and then gave me a run down of the menu. Needless to say it sounded delicious so I had to get one. I went with the Original Italian, Mikes Way (the recomendation for all subs). I had to take it to go because I was pressed for time, but I got a free cookie for my first time...yum! Awesome cookies.Id say all in all this is the best sub shop I've been to. They cut all the meats in front of you, the bread is baked daily and the roast beef is always perfect!
5	I had a coupon for a free sub from this place (I know, AWESOME!), so stopped by to spend it up. I was immediately greeted by the friendly and engaging guy behind the counter, who kept up a cheerful conversation with me throughout the preparation of my order. Didn't even bat an eye at the coupon. Love that!The sub I ordered was the Turkey provolone. I had it "Mike's Way", and it tasted great. The meat is sliced when you order it. The bread was fresh, with a crispy exterior and a soft interior. Friends who know me know that I refuse to eat at or even enter a Subway because I just can't handle how it smells in there. Completely opposite experience here.Great food, excellent service, clean and convenient location. Yay!
5	My boss ordered a bunch of turkey subs, ham subs, and beef subs and I was addicted.  Took my boyfriend here (who was completely dedicated to ONLY getting his subs from Jimmy John's) and he is now converted!  He's always asking if we can go.  The staff here is really nice and welcoming.  They'll make you feel like you've been a regular for years as soon as you walk in the door.Make sure no matter what, though...you always have to get your sub made "MIKE'S WAY"!!!
3	The overall experience was pretty good. I will probably go back - the only downside, in my opinion, is that the prices are rather high for a sandwich shop.  I paid $6 for a 5 1/2 inch sandwich (pre-tax).  The products used (meats, cheeses, veggies) are very good quality, but still the size of the sandwich didn't seem to match the overall price paid.
5	The sandwiches were freakin awesome!!! High quality everything, the flavor shows. The employees gave us one of the most friendly and attentive and enjoyable experiences we have ever had!! They pay close attention to what they are doing, and put together really great sandwiches!! I had a turkey and provolone mikes way, the hubby had one of the "Italian" meat sandwiches also mikes way.
2	Nice staff. Lousy sandwich. My first sandwich turned out to be a bad idea. I tried the pastramy but couldnt eat it due to the horrible 1000 island sauce on it. Its just terrible with the sweetness of that sauce. They put it on both pieces of bread so I couldnt even eat half. I might try something else but one of these is enough for me.
5	Okay, so it's a "chain restaurant," but you'd never know it by the quality sandwiches and welcoming staff. I always love walking in the door and being greeted by a laughing, singing, and altogether boisterously friendly crew. The quality of the sandwiches is above any other "chain" sub shop. All the meat and cheese is freshly cut when you order, the bread is always great, and the veggies are above par (i.e. no wilted tomatoes etc.). Subway fans... Fear Mike!
5	Love the #13 Mike's way, went yesterday for my free birthday sub and drink with my Fiance and it was Awesome as usual. Great food and staff!Its a bonus that they always send out coupons too!Highly Recommend!
5	We have been back about ten more times (I know I need to do checkins) and it is always great.  Best customer service, great sandwiches, I love Jersey Mike's!
4	Any deli shop in AZ that has capicola ham deserves some stars.  They have a good selection of sandwiches and chips.  Just shows how much Subway is losing it brand when these spots are popping up and you come in and leave very refreshed that there are better options
1	I would have given this shop a 4 even 5 star review until Monday March 12, we went in a few minutes after 5 only 1 young man working up front, 2 in back.  The young man upfront was slicing lettuce and we had to wait until he was done, I noticed that while cutting up the lettuce and breaking it apart he had no gloves on thought that was odd as he had his hands in the lettuce almost like kneading bread.  We were finally able to place our order only to find out that they had no Roast Beef.  Needless to say due to the glove incident and no RB I plan not to go again.  We used to go every payday with anywhere from 3 to 6 people.  Tried to call customer relations but all you could do was leave a message and when I called back to see if I could actually speak to an individual everyone was at an offsite meeting.  Store manager seemed to be concerned about not having gloves on but really nothing more.
5	I love this place.  Their bread is good.  The selection of sandwiches is awesome.  I only get the tuna and it's AMAZING.  The staff behind the counter always appear chipper and happy to make your sandwich.
5	My family and I had an OUTSTANDING experience at Jersey Mike's. The staffs were beyond A+!! My 19yr Daughter who is pregnant became ill (NOT FROM THE FOOD) but from her issues she's been having. The staff did everything they could to help out and making sure she was okay. They even stayed late to ensure she was okay to leave with us. We have NEVER had such caring staff restaurant before. Now about our subs WOW they were so good blows Subway, Blimpie and the other so called fresh sub places.
3	I was actually a little let down after my first time of trying Jersey Mike's because I was expecting something amazing from all the positive things I have heard about it. My opinion was that it was slightly better than Subway, but there are several other sandwich places I would rather go to. I ordered an Italian sandwich, and it was good but quite standard. I was not impressed with the prices and found them to be a little much, so its not likely that this place will be a regular stop for me.
3	hmmmmmm.... something has changed... the place was a mess, crumbs on every table, drink area a disaster, sloppier made sandwich... better bounce back!! I miss the old crew!!
4	Was craving a GOOD sandwich. Originially from NJ and not too familair with any deli's or sandwich spots in the area, and after a very disappointing meal at Subway, we decided to try Jersey Mikes. I got a Turkey and provolone with extra oil and vinegar, lettuce, and tomatoes. The sandwich was awesome. It definitely hit the spot. Only complaint was that there was way too much mayo on it, but I will ask for less next time. Will definitely eat there again!
1	I went to the one on 7th ave & mcdowell , and it was the worst Philly cheese steak I ever had.  This place is way overrated and overpriced!!!
5	Super bomb food I love the number nine the bread and the meat and the bacon all come together so well in my mouth ! Making me want one just thinking about it !
5	We love Jersey Mike's everyone is so nice and the food is delicious! We eat here a lot and have always had the best service. We've been at all different times of days and have had different people help us and each time they take great care of us.
4	I love Jersey Mikes! I usually get the Italian sub, and it's amazing! I also got the Philly Cheesesteak and it was the sooooo good! They are friendly whenever I go in. I do think it's a little pricey, but way better quality than Subway.
3	Jersey Mike's is delicious. That being said, a request for the staff: When someone orders something that is obviously a pain to make, or involves something extra, don't make comments about how much food it is OUT LOUD, and "how on earth could someone eat this much food?". Ever stop to think that the sandwich will last me a few days? Sheesh.
4	My sandwich was great, the ladies behind the counter were full of energy and contagious happiness.
2	Jersey mikes used to be one of my fav sub shops. The service has REALLY gone downhill. A year or so ago they had some of the best customer service.. They would greet you upon entering and small talk with you, not to mention they would make your subs in a TIMELY manner. I went there on Saturday and there was a mom and son in line in front me me. Great i thought! I beat the rush! ... Or not.The gal slicing the meats who is the first person to take your order, doesn't even register that there are people standing here waiting to order. She must have been doing an online order because she was just chopping those meats up without a care in the world.Finally after literally 6 or 7 minutes, she looks up and says "I'll be right with you".. Well ok at least she acknowledged us! It only got worse from there.. The guy putting the condiments on the sandwiches was one of the slowest workers I have ever witnessed. He just couldn't get it together and took a few minutes to put on a few condiments on each sandwich. The lady in front of me turned around and gave me a "what the hell, this is taking so long" face. There was now a line almost out the door and a few people left because it was taking so long.By the time I got to the register it was about 20 minutes since I came in. 20!! That is ridiculous!The subs are great I love the food. But for the quality of service and prices, I'll head to jimmy johns where I can be in and out freaky fast.
