4	Finally I am satisfied with Mexican food in the burgh since this place was brought to my attention via yelp. Thanks a lot!I came here around lunch time on a Wednesday and was happy to see a few people already enjoying their meals in the small dining room. I went a little overboard on ordering because their was so much to choose from and I had high hopes for this place. We order among two people; 2 fish tacos, 1 chicken taco, 1 Tostada, and the California Burrito and horchata. This was a ton of food holy cow and all for under $19. The California Burrito was so good that I devoured it so fast that I almost forgot to check what was in it. I did figure that there was grilled and cubed steak (possibly flank as it was lean), fries, a small amount of standard veggies, guacamole. But it so hit the spot and filled me up with that alone. The Tacos were also really tasty bites, they were pretty standard tacos with a soft corn tortilla shell filled with fresh salsa lettuce, tomato and your choice of Guacamole or sour cream, as well as your choice of Meat in my case order chicken and fish. Cooked perfectly. I recommend trying the horchata, if your not familiar it is sort of like a rice water based beverage. For $2 you get a huge glass of it and was very refreshing on a blustery cold afternoon. The dude at the counter was very patient with me as I did ask a number of questions about the menu because there was some stuff on there that I had never seen or heard of. The place did definitely remind me of the many taco stands that I have experienced in the Southwest, and Tijuana and Baja. Just a heck of a lot cleaner. This place has ample parking and great prices, I sure hope this place lasts, I could have lunch here everyday. If you like tacos and burritos, you have to go check this joint out.
3	Yum.  Nice casual Mexican....small taco stand type place.  A large menu, ordered a carnitas burrito, which was big like you would expect.  You get pickled carrots and jalapeno peppers with your order, which is popular at many taco stands.  Wish the guacamole on the burrito was bit as thin and soupy, seems to be mixed with a watery sour cream so it is a little thin and soupy.  Great to have a good Taco shop to stop and enjoy.   If you like Mexican food, you will enjoy CTS.
3	I'm not very familiar with authentic Mexican food and from the other Yelp reviews it appears that this place is fairly on target with providing authentic Mex fare.  I ordered a shredded chicken taco and a fish taco (fish was pollock).  I will say that I enjoyed the fish taco a lot more and while the shredded chicken taco wasn't bad, it just paled in comparison to my fish taco.  I especially liked that the tacos had a really limey taste to them - I like that tangy flavor to complement the savoriness of the fish and chicken.    We shared some chips, guac and salsa as well and the chips were fantastic but the gauc wasn't doing anything for me.  It was creamier than I like and not much flavor to it - it kinda seems like it's store bought, rather than freshly made.The salsa was good, but it also reminded me of the bottled Chi-Chi's brand mild salsa.  So I'm not dissing it - I really like bottled Chi Chi's salsa I was expecting something more at this place.I think this place would do great in town and I'm not sure how well it will do in this location.  It seems so random and that they may have problems attracting and keeping a customer base.  But who knows - it looks like lots of people like it here and are willing to travel a bit.  If I was in the area and in the mood for some Mexican food, I'd stop by, but I'm not convinced that I'd go out of my way.
2	Naaaaaaa  Doesn't quite do it.  Sorry!  My first issue is the guacamole.  It has some sort of white cream added in it that dulls the taste.  Why do this to guac?  I ordered the taco platter.  It is served with 2 tacos, rice and beans.  I did like the rice and beans.  The tacos were good but nothing special.   I choose the shredded chicken and the grilled chicken.  Enjoyed the shredded over the grilled.....I will give a shout out for the chips and salsa- they were good!  Needs a little more spice for my taste though (salsa).Other issues I have with this spot include the following:1.  it's a pain to get out here on a pain of a road where turning left or right to get to and from could create major anxiety and concern of getting blasted by another car.2.  no alcohol (the guy at the counter did say they are considering BYOB)3.  no character to the atmosphere- very BLAH (throw on some music or put some work into a decor of some sort doesn't have to be anything fancy)The dude behind the counter told me Reyna foods is going to put a shop in here downstairs.  That may help this place out?  Honestly, I prefer going to the stand in front of Reyna and getting street tacos any day of the week!
4	I may have to start every Mexican restaurant review with a warning: I'm not an expert on Mexican food but I sure did tear up the burrito I ordered!  Translation...I thought it was amazing!For a burrito to please me, it needs to be big (this was huge!) and have delicious and flavorful ingredients.  I ordered the shrimp burrito and the first thing I noticed was that there was a ton of shrimp in it and they seemed to be fresh and not frozen.  I love me some sauces and I think that really topped it off for me because the queso sauce inside was incredible!  There was also loads of rice, peppers, onions, and tomatoes.  The only issue was that it was TOO stuffed and the whole thing fell apart.  I didn't really mind, considering I just ripped it apart with a fork and demolished it!So now that you know I'm a fan of the burrito, I have to also talk about how the chips were definitely freshly baked and probably some of the best chips I've ever had.  I realize that normally people want a kick to their salsa, but since I end up crying after a couple bites of something hot, the mild salsa was just right for me.  I also love chunky salsa, and this fit the bill.  The gauc was whipped and not chunky at all.  I was a little surprised, but I still thought it was good.  I just wish this place wasn't on Route 51.  How awful is 51 with the traffic??  I worry it could be the downfall of this place because it stands alone, not really around anything else. I also hope they start letting you bring in the booze...I would have enjoyed a nice Dos Equis with my meal!  But....As I'm typing this my mouth is watering for another taste of that fantastic burrito.  I'll be back for you my tasty burrito friend, don't you worry!
5	As a San Diego native that moved to Pittsburgh over two years ago, I want to say:  THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!  I've been craving a Carne Asada Burrito ever since I left home and you guys satisfy me.Every time I mention Mexican food/burritos shops to a Pittsburgher, I cringed when they recommend Qdoba, Chipotle, or Mad Mex.  For $8 at these places I get a big burrito stuffed with fillers (beans, rice, veg).  For $6 at CTS, I can a big burrito of stuffed with primarily MEAT.If you're going to try something here, try the Carne Asada Burrito.  It is a must at least once.  The California Burrito and the Carne Asada Fries are also good recommendations too.  Oh man, there is so much I want to come back and try.  They also have the two bottles of hot sauce and a sandwich pouch of marinated/pickled carrots, just like home :)Everything about this place screams home.  People might say it has tacky decorations but this is how a taco shop in San Diego would look like.  This place is also clean.  It felt like home as I sat in the big booth, watching morning talk shows on the LCD TV, and dumping loads and loads of hot sauce on my Carne Asada Burrito.While dining in, other California natives came in and were happy to find the place.  I also had a nice talk with the people there too.  They were super friendly.  GIVE THEM ALL YOUR BUSINESS, so they can open a second store near Shadyside *hint hint.*  Maybe I'm bias but living in Pittsburgh just got a little bit happier with this place in town.  FYI, Google Maps didn't find the exact location.  I was a few blocks off.  Just look for the huge white/baby blue Whitehall Tire Service building.  CTS is right across from it.
4	Manny gets it right. I have lamented the absence of San Diego style Mexican anywhere near Pgh, let alone the East coast. Los Cabos is decent but I feel these folks are a bit more true to form. They have great specials for lunch everyday, and the carne asada burrito is bomb. Thankfully I work 5 minutes away, no more subway on rte 51 for lunch anymore.
3	This is a hole in the wall Mexican place like you might find out West; the decor made me feel right at home.Rating a place like this is somewhat difficult; if I were rating it amongst other similar Pittsburgh establishments, I might give it four stars instead of three since most Mexican places around here are so horrifically bad. The three stars represents the overall rating of all similar restaurants I've experienced including ones out West.Friendly service, and the tacos were decent but not incredible. I had a chicken taco which wasn't too bad, although I wasn't too impressed with the quality of the toppings. The guacamole, for example, was not very good. I also got a breakfast burrito with eggs, potatoes, and bacon. The bacon was undercooked and rubbery and they didn't even bother to chop it up.Overall, I would say this is a decent place, but nothing special. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but if I was hungry and nearby I might try it again.
5	Hell yes.Its about time that we got some PROPER Mexican food in this city that isn't a chain or some overpriced frilly place. I've been dying for a joint that I can go and get some taco truck/taco stand style dishes without having to get on a plane or fight for a parking spot in the strip, and CTS is the perfect place for that. The staff is super friendly. The owner's wife asked us if we were from out of town since we didn't ask a million questions about the menu haha, which led into her telling us the story of the shop. I guess her husband moved here 9 years ago from San Diego and was disappointed in the lack of authentic taco shops, so he opened his own.The food was awesome. I got the #6, which included a beef taco, a tostada, and a taquito, then i got two extra shredded chicken tacos. I could hardly finish it. Their guac and pico were both really tasty. My boyfriend got a beef/bean burrito and a fish taco for there, and a jalapeno burrito for later at home, which he said was better than his other dishes. Can't wait to go back and adventure into some tacos con lengua.Thanks CTS, you're going to be seeing my face quite a bit. Hopefully you'll open another shop closer to the city soon!
4	I was disappointed when my Mom moved to the desert food area of Whitehall. But along came the California Taco Shop with their wide assortment of tacos, tostadas, burritos and enchiladas. When it comes to choosing your meat, skip the generic grilled chicken. Branch out and get the carnitas or the adovada - these marinated pork chunks are delicious. If you're truly adventurous, get the lengua (tongue) or tripas (tripe). But the bottom line is: big burritos stuffed to the brim with flavorful and well-cooked meat, cheap prices, friendly service, casual atmosphere, spicy homemade hot sauces, crema. Yum. If you're unfamiliar with the Mexican dishes, they have wikipedia articles printed throughout the restaurant explaining everything from a taco to carnitas to a California Burrito.This a casual joint that's a great addition to a bleak stretch of 51. I envision many filling cheap lunches here in my future.
4	A taco truck disguised as a restaurant...and it was exactly what I was looking for.Food:  I had the carne asada taco platter.  The tacos were delicious, served with just a bit of guacamole, lettuce, and tomato, the meat was perfectly cooked (not rubbery or tough at all) on corn tortillas.  The rice was much better than any other local mexican restaurant, but the refried beans were nothing special.  It was very satisfying.  The drink choices were canned sodas or bottles of jarritos.  They also had a sangria flavored soda but they were out.  The owner offered to give us the display bottle, but my wife settled for the jarriots instead.  A nice offer on his part.Restaurant: It was a bit chaotic with only a few tables and karaoke going on.  We got there just as another couple were leaving so we were able to sit down.  If not, not a big deal as we would have just gotten everything to do.  You order at the main counter (not a waiter) and the food is brought to you.  Very friendly staff.The owner's name is Justice and I talked to him for a bit.  He seems very pleased with business so far and I'm hoping a place like this can succeed.  There seemed to be a steady stream of take-out while I was there, so only time will tell.All in all, I really enjoyed the California Taco Shop...don't expect any James Beard awards on display, but if you're looking for some good quality street-food mexican and don't want to shell out $$ for a ticket to the west coast, this place will do it.Good luck Justice and the rest of the CTS crew.
4	Burritos and quesadillas were fantastic. Chicken was perfectly cooked. Agree with others that the guacamole was not the best, although not horrible either. Staff was very friendly.  They also deliver in the area with a $15 minimum which is an added bonus if you live nearby.
2	I don't know, maybe I am spoiled by Old Mexico, but this place didn't do it for me.  The seasoning was non existent in the beef taco, and enchiladas, I couldn't even finish.  I won't be going back!
5	My dreams came true the day I found this place! Thanks for my pollo asado fries Gustavo!!I recently moved here from San Diego and visiting this place was like taking a small trip back home. They have all the classics including California burritos and carne asadsa fries. Definitely try this place if you love delicious food. And for all of those who haven't tried traditional San Diego dirtyberto's-style mexican, you have to try this place. This is what we eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner in the 619!
1	I notice a few reviewers out there having the "is it authentic?" debate when it comes to Mexican restaurants. My first concern with Mexican food is the same as it is with any cuisine, and that's "is it good?". It's just as easy to make bad Mexican food as it is any other food, but I find so much of it out there, both here in Pittsburgh and in the rest of the country. So much so, in fact, that I had decided to write off eating at Mexican restaurants unless I'm in Chicago, NYC or So Cal, as I've been disappointed so often. The reviews here on Yelp made me think things might be different here at Cal. Taco Shop. Not.I started with chips and salsa. The chips were a little greasy, but not really bad...it's the salsa that had me shaking my head. It reminded me of a can of RO*TEL diced tomatoes with green chiles dumped into a molcajete. I don't know to what extent this salsa is homemade, but it seemed to me not at all. They do offer three different pureed salsas at a table where you pick up your fork and napkin, and I found the salsa verde to be alright. I used that on my chips. I ordered chicken enchiladas in mole for my main. Most of us in this country know mole as chocolate sauce, but they can be best defined as chile based sauces thickened with nuts and seeds. These sauces are different all over Mexico, as regional cuisine in that country has stayed really well preserved. Mexican chocolate is used as a flavoring ingredient in some moles, but, when used, is one of up to 80 ingredients that go into the sauce. The mole that most restaurants here in the U.S. attempt to replicate is mole rojo, which hails from the state of Oaxaca. When done right, it's nutty and spicy with just a hint of sweetness in the finish. The mole at California Taco Shop was very one note and overly sweet. There's a ready to use mole paste in a jar out there, Dona Maria Mole Adobo from Hormel, that tastes and looks alot like this mole. My conjecture is that many restaurants use it, as making mole is an all day affair. I don't know if that's what they're doing here, but I am saying that this mole tastes like that. They top their enchiladas in mole with queso anejo, which was the only good thing about them. The refried beans were flavorless and uninteresting. I would say that I'll go back and try other dishes here, but I didn't dine alone, so saw some of the other offerings. It's just not good quality food. It's not being prepared with care, and the ingredients are sub par. They may make their own tortillas, but mine were buried in bad mole, so I can't comment on their attributes. Not. Going. Back.
1	This isn't a question of taste or all the other places I have eaten at that serve this fare.  This is simply a question of food quality and preparation.  I won't even go into the far departure from authentic in this review.The chips and salsa were inedible.  The chips were stale and oversalted.  The "salsa" tasted like the tomato and chile mixture you get in a can and was too watery to be scooped by a chip.  This was the worst I have been served anywhere.I ordered a grilled chicken burrito.  The flour tortilla was pretty nice.  The filling was mostly chicken and it didn't taste grilled.  Grilled to me is over a flame.  That aside, it was to come with guacamole and there wasn't any in there at all.  I was expecting rice and beans but none there either.  There was a scant amount of pico, lettuce and tomato.  I tried dousing it with the tomatillo salsa but it didn't do much and the other 2 salsas offered were just ground up chiles which I found to be ridiculous.  The lack of effort and interest here was astounding.  There was a lake of some sort of liquid at the bottom of my basket when I was finished.  Was this from the pico?  I can't even believe I had to eat here.I tried some of my wife's mole and was really super glad I didn't order that dish.  The 2 enchiladas were supposed to come with rice and beans.  She didn't get them so went up to buy a portion of beans.  They looked and tasted as if they had come out of a can.I ordered a chicken taco after because I was still hungry and desperate to find an edible menu item.  The counter person asked me if I wanted everything.  This included lettuce, tomato, cheese, pico, guac or sour cream.  None of these things should be put on a chicken taco.  I asked her why they didn't come with cilantro and onions as they should and she said that the locals would rather have the other ingredients and offered to send it out as I pleased.  This was nice but telling.  The taco would have been average but the tortillas were terrible and oil soaked and again the same grilled chicken was uninspired at best.  Go try Vicky's Mexican Restauant, come back here and tell me you're still a fan or that you think it's as good as it gets.  The only place worse than this is Jose and Tony's.  Oh and by the way owners, turn off the TV, I don't need to listen to the news while suffering through your food.
5	Best Mexican food in town!! Just moved from San Diego & this is the real deal. Try out the carne asada burritos & some rolled tacos.
5	i've gone here three times since it first opened, and it is now my go-to place for a california burrito while in pittsburgh.summary:1. tacos are OK. i wouldn't go out of my way to grab the tacos here. 2. california burritos and other burritos are packed with meat. while the guacamole may be mixed with some type of sour cream to help keep costs low, i don't mind TOO much. 3. they have the red and green sauces. green seems to provide more of a kick than the red sauces, but either way, they're both not very spicy.4. their carne asada fries are not as messy (read: unhealthy) as the carne asada fries seem back home. that said, they're not completely smothered in toppings, which some people may find more manageable.i'll definitely be back, as I've bought this yelp deal, and I have to use it!
3	I like this place. Great chips. Salsa & pickled veggies at the salsa bar are great. The only problem is that the veggie burrito is just so-so. Too saucy,  no beans and the guac is only OK.  And that's the only thing I order. Also, when I let them know they were out of TP in the bathroom the lady was like "Really?" and proceeded to do nothing about it. I may give them another chance in the future. BETTER VEGETARIAN BURRITOS, please and I will be a fan.
3	I have been to the California Taco Shop twice.  First time had great fish tacos with their spicy habanero salsa.  The tacos were great (breaded fish).  The total bill with rice, beans, and drink was $12 - a bit much for lunch.  Second time had the carne asada plate.  The meat was not seasoned, the salsa bar was missing, and the beans were barely warm.  Not a very good second visit.
3	Tacos were Ok
1	Um... I didn't like this place. I thought the food was bland and the taco shells were so wet and mussy they sell apart when I picked them up. I got fish tacos. The beans and rice were terrible the beans looked like dog vomit. I went with a friend and she said it was amazing and pretty authentic. You really can't get what you want because the girl at the counter can't speak English. Well I didn't like this place I would rather eat at any Mexican restaurant. But if your looking for an authentic California taco place this is it!!
3	The tacos were pretty good, but the restaurant was very dirty.  Service wasn't friendly.  I had been looking forward to trying this place for a long time, as a I love Mexican food--the more authentic, the better--but I was disappointed.I got veggie tacos and my husband got the enchilada combo.  My favorite part was the salsa bar--fair warning, everything is HOT and I love my salsa hot!!  Another woman in the restaurant was complaining that the "mild" was "like fire."  I dumped plenty of the hottest onto my banana pepper filled taco and was quite satisfied. If you're in the area already and you love tacos, give it a shot--but I won't be making another trip from the north side to eat here.
4	Great San Diego-style casual Mexican food/Americanized Mexican food on Rt. 51 .The prices have crept up a bit since they opened a year ago.  A carne asada burrito is $7.50 which is only a dollar less than a bigger fancier sit-down Mexican restaurant like Rey Azteca / Patron / etc.  Their fish burritos and tacos are the best you'll find in PGH.  Very delicious  !j
4	Deliciously authentic Mexican food, reasonably priced and well located. While the eat in space is small and bare bones, quick take away makes that a moot point. The red sauce is super spicy, so for anybody with a sensitive palate I'd suggest steering clear. Fresh made horchata and fish tacos are a must try for some seldom found in the north flavour!
