1	I really wanted to like the services at this place because it was recommended by a friend and I wanted to support a Sunnyslope establishment. However, after my dog came home limping due to "knicking" her paw pads, and seeing that her nails were not trimmed (nails were curled), I am done giving my hard-earned money to this grooming place. I had no idea that her nails were not getting trimmed until I heard my dog yelping with pain. All I saw was her left leg curled against the side of her body. Find out, she was scratching her body and her long hair got tangled on her nails where it was curled. She ended up pulling out a chunk of her body hair! I will spare you the rest of the story. I was so distraught that I could not even call them on this because they seem to have an excuse for everything. This is not the first time, they have "forgotten" to do something while conducting a full groom.  Needless to say, please take your dogs to another groomer so your dogs do not have to experience this hardship :(
1	I have had two bad experiences. Call me stupid, but I'm trying one last time to support a local business. We'll see how it turns out. Check back. No disasters from last visit, but I'm not going back.
5	I would bring my Sheltie here to be groomed.  They always made time in their schedule to groom him exactly as asked.No perfume-y shampoo, close sanitary, trimmed ears and paws.I used to purchase food here in bulk but had since changed what I fed.They have reduced the products a bit and seem to have put their focus on grooming.Interesting to see the condition how some of these pets are brought in for grooming. I've seen several dogs and cats brought in with matted coats and nails so long I couldn't believe the animal could walk on its feet. Unfortunately the only fix in some situations is shaving the coat off.  These ladies do a great job cleaning up these animals, making them more presentable and much happier too.
4	This is a small, mom & pop pet shop that's been around forever. The grooming isn't fancy, but it's good and reasonably priced. The grooming section is open for viewing, and there's a nice relaxed vibe. My dogs like coming here, which tells you something too. If you're an uptight yuppie this probably isn't the place for you, but if you need basic grooming and friendly people, give this place a try. They're open on Saturdays & occasionally close to attend dog shows.
4	This is a nice, family place. It smells, well, like dogs and grooming supplies. The first impression is a little off-putting but I got my Golden in same-day and they treated her well. I will say I'm not picky and was not asking for show quality, nor would I know it if I saw it. I just wanted her cleaned up by people who were nice to her and I got just that, at about half of what I paid at PetsMart. No fuss, no frills, no complaints.
1	Don't let the name of this place fool you. They may be a cheaper grooming but they're certainly not better. We've taken our cat here a few times because of their reasonable pricing but I'd honestly rather pay more for better results.The last time we took her to this place, they cut her whiskers. Pretty sure that's not how this is supposed to work but we made the mistake of giving it one more shot. We received a call at 4:30 p.m. today after having dropped her off at 11:30 to be told that "not even four people could hold her down" long enough to get her properly groomed. That's odd; not only is our cat super mellow but she doesn't have claws in her front paws (not our doing. We adopted her like that). The only good thing about this visit is we weren't charged for the hack job they did. Please keep this in mind before you go here.
5	Willie never looked better.  They took their time since it was his first time and Willie got a doggie treat after it was all over.  Small shop, but don't let that stop you.  Everyone in the shop was very friendly.
