5	The good...1) Excellent customer service (Kellie Lee). They called  me several times a week to update me on the status of the repair.2) Delivered on time as promised.3) They did a complementary checkup on my vehicle and told me about a couple of simple problems and how much it should cost to fix them. 4) Recommended by the Kia dealership.The bad...1) Far away.
3	The staff was very friendly, courteous and helpful. They did an excellent job fixing the damage I created, however, during the process, created some minor new damage to my car. They took full responsibility and fixed that damage as well.  It seemed like it took a bit long to repair my car, but that may be because they are closed on the weekends.
2	Had a bumper painted.Color match:Not perfect...but acceptable.Deficiencies: Poor finish on the lower interior part of the bumper. Anterior to mesh grill.  It feels rough. I can see pebbles in the paint. Basically, it was not finished properly. I.e. Wet sanding..and Polish  Buffering.. ..OR they completely missed the area....Approximately 8 inches in length across the lower border of bumper.I am perturbed that they would release the bumper in this condition and not have me find out.Running my fingers over the area, the texture was rough. Come on. This is painting/finishing 101. Will attempt to speak with the service manager next week,...given that they are closed on the weekend.....or I may wetsand with 2500/3000 grit sandpaper and polish and buff it myself..... versus the hassle bringing it back...i.e. have to take time out of my schedule. I work 7am-7pm most days.....Lesson learn: make you examine and touch the surface of the paint prior to taking possession of said item. Save you the hassle.Front staff:PoliteDan Jackson: Polite.Will update with photos.
5	WOW!!!! I have owned 37 cars in my life so far and I have had quite a few go into the body shop for one reason or another. I also painted and did some minor body work myself on my classic cars. That being said I found these folks were amazing!!!!! Tina, was extremely friendly and knowledgeable!  She assured me everything would be perfect and that my special instructions would be followed to the letter; wow she meant it!!  It was perfect!!!I am so pleased with the work these folks did and they did it in the time frame they said they would, not an hour more, that never happens at other places! I will only use these folks from now on, I am very impressed and I am very OCD about my cars, just ask Tina! :)  Thank you Collision Authority A+++++-Steve Hunt
5	WOW!!!! I have owned 37 cars in my life so far and I have had quite a few go into the body shop for one reason or another. I also painted and did some minor body work myself on my classic cars. That being said I found these folks were amazing!!!!! Tina, was extremely friendly and knowledgeable!  She assured me everything would be perfect and that my special instructions would be followed to the letter; wow she meant it!!  It was perfect!!!I am so pleased with the work these folks did and they did it in the time frame they said they would, not an hour more, that never happens at other places! I will only use these folks from now on, I am very impressed and I am very OCD about my cars, just ask Tina! :)  Thank you Collision Authority A+++++-Steve Hunt
