4	If you're looking for a good basic breakfast, this is the place. Good prices, free coffee with meal and great service.
2	Owners are great but the food is very bland and average at best.
3	Cute place, nice people.  I really wanted to like it more because I was looking for a local place for breakfast.  Biscuits and gravy were bland-unfortunately, that is what I was looking for.  Wife's french toast was good and son's pancake was ok but portions were small.  Extra star was for the service and owner (I think).  Very nice and helpful.  I will go back and try again.  Hopefully it will be better.
2	Nice waitresses. Fun place for old people,  food isn't special.
2	We went here for breakfast.  I had Colorado green chili pork special with an egg on hash browns. The wife had the basic breakfast special; egg, hash browns, bacon & toast. The first bite of my Colorado green chili special was alright, but the farther I got into the more I noticed that the hash browns were raw.  It was also pretty bland with no flavor.  The coffee is free as long as you spend $4 on food..and there is a reason it's free, it was pretty bad.  The bacon on my wife's plate was fantastic, thick cut bacon done just right. It wasn't too crisp and not too chewy.  I did notice a sign in the window that they were hiring a cook...I can see why. It was $11 for our food which is a pretty good deal even if I didn't finish my food.  There were some other things on the menu I want to try, such as the stuffed crispy french toast!  So we will give this place at least one more try.  There was only one waitress and several of the tables were dirty, but at least the bathroom was clean.
3	Very clean and bright inside! This place is a little back from Main Street but worth finding. Service was good and fast. Got my meal very very fast, out of the place in 30 minutes or less. No magic here but breakfast is easy to pull off and they do!!Give it a try if you want a quick traditional breakfast.
2	The owner looks like she comes from a refuge camp, totally unkempt.Very crowed seating, but food ok nothing special at all.
3	This place has been around as long as I can remeber and I've lived in the surrounding area for over 30 years.  So we finally decided to try it.  Sunday morning, snow-bird season is not a good time to try it.  THe place was packed and we had to wait to get in.  The food was ok, nothing special but it was good. But we are both on diets so we got very plain food so I realy shouldn't be to judgemental.    The service was really slow, but they were packed and there was a help wanted sign in the window so they were obviously down a waitress.  Our waitress was nice, friendly gal.  I will definately go back, but I will wait till summer and the crowd is gone.
4	Small and quaint, the servers are friendly. Food is good, coffee is hot. Even in summer, they have decent patronage. I  sure the winter will be busy. We always like small, locally owned business - and we love our breakfast places.
