1	I went here for new glasses after having an excellent appointment at UPMC's Eye and Ear Center.The selection of frames was good and the service was very friendly. However, the salesperson neglected to tell me until after I had paid for my frames that the lens shop my insurance employs was on strike and it could be a month before I actually get my new glasses. This was over 3 weeks ago. Subsequent phone calls to find out about their status have been completely unhelpful, and I have absolutely no idea when I will see the glasses I paid hundreds of dollars for.
5	Every time I closed my right eye it felt like there was sand in it. Not exactly a pleasant feeling, especially when it prevents you from sleeping! Its a recipe for one crabby lady. So, after going to Urgent Care, being told it was pink eye, despite the absence of all standard symptoms of it, and paying a $40 copay for unneeded antibiotic eye drops, I called UPMC Eye Center. I explained the urgency of my situation in a voice husky from 72 hours sans sleep, and they were able to get me in to see Dr. Drexler that afternoon! I miraculously found a parking spot in Oakland (this place is on Forbes a storefront or two down from the Starbucks on the corner of Atwood), and loaded up the parking meter with $257.50 worth of quarters to avoid getting a parking ticket. Inside, I found the waiting area small but clean and nice. There are rows of glasses on the walls, and they carried frames by everything from Tiffany & Co. to Juicy to Prada and Coach. There's a coffee/cappuccino station for patients near the reception, and a few magazines you can peruse while you're waiting. My appointment began promptly and the assistant who saw me before the doctor was great. She was personable and professional, and we went throughout the preliminary eye tests quickly. After a few more minutes, I went back to see Dr. Drexler and he was great. Very thorough, he listened to my multiple 'theories' about my eye problem, and he explained each part of the exam and why he chose the particular eye drops he prescribed (which were an $80 copay that I had to call 9 pharmacies to find, but that's not his fault).Overall, I've only had great experiences here, and I will be coming back for my eye care needs. :)
1	horrible service, all the sales personal are rude. I have been to this store 3 times and every time i get a poor service, they try to avoid you, hardly greet you. They get irritated for any question you ask and have no answer. The only reason i go here is because i have UPMC eye insurance. The selection is not great either. Only advice i have is show some respect to the customers.
1	I thought that since this was part of UPMC it would be a better, more professional experience than, say, Lenscrafters. Wrong! Within three days of getting my new glasses, the lenses started getting small spots on them, which had nothing to do with anything I did. (I've had glasses for 35+ years -- I know what does and does not hurt lenses.) After doing a few online searches, I've discovered others who have had this same problem. Also, this was the most expensive pair of frames and lenses I've ever bought. I decided to splurge on them after several disappointing experiences at places like Lenscrafters and America's Best. As it turns out, they're the most expensive and cheapest made frames I've ever bought. Within a month, both nose pieces broke. I've never had this happen on any frames before. When I bought the frames, I made certain to tell them I needed to have all-titanium because of a skin allergy. I was told what they sold me was pure titanium, but after about a month the outer coating wore off, and the metal underneath was exposed, thus causing dermatological problems.All in all, I would never go back, and wouldn't advise anyone else to go, either, especially considering how expensive everything was, plus how quickly the lenses, nose pads, and frames themselves ALL deteriorated.
1	If you have keratoconus or any other kind of eye disease, you'd be better off not dealing with them.
