5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE our new pool fence! It is one of the removable types, so I can have it up when I need it or down when I don't. The fence looks great,  helps safeguard the pool, and was a great price. To top it all off, the owner, Owen Moorhead, and his son are absolutely top notch people! They are friendly, conscientious and have integrity. I would be willing to do business with them anytime!
5	Great pool fence! Stylish and secure. Installed with the utmost care are professionalism. Quick response from the time we called for a quote, decided in the fence and install. Great company to work with!
5	Got a mesh fence installed with Sure Guard. Great product just as they described when they gave an estimate. But even better service - Owen explained all the details and got the job done on time. Like that it is family owned and operated.
5	This is my first review on yelp. I really have no hesitation in recommending these guys......they just installed a fence for us, and the different part is we had travertine tiles all around. Owen and Cooper took the time to explain the whole process - including AZ safety code for pool fences, and they ended up actually pulling some tiles to set them back on concrete (since they were set on sand), so that they could drill holes to ensure the aluminium poles would have great support. The tile part of the job was EXCELLENT, and they came back a day after to drill holes and install the fence. Overall they are extremely professional, and it is easy to see they take pride in their work, and the result is quality output.
5	We are very happy with our new pool fence! Owen and his son went above and beyond to get our fence installed quickly. It looks fabulous and they did a great job.
5	Very happy with Sure Guard. Called on Friday, received a quote on Saturday and fence was completely installed by the end of the following week. Pricing was very competitive and the owners, Owen and Cooper, were knowledgeable and helpful. I would highly recommend this company.
