3	This is a great, no a grand location on grandview ave.  The view is amazing and it has one of the best decks in Mt. Washington and plenty of outdoor seating.  It is a must visit in the summer when you can view the beautiful Pittsburgh vista in all its wonder.  I've been coming here for almost a decade and while I give the place much deserved kudos for a fantastic location and wonderful deck the food is another story.  I guess it's best to start with a little background the current incarnation is the "coal hill steakhouse" at the Grandview Saloon.  Most regulars still refer to the place as the Grandview for obvious reasons.  In all the years I've been a patron I don't think I've ever had dinner in one of the dining rooms.  The entrance has two sets of stairs, one leading downstairs to the bar and wonderful deck and the other two leading to two dining rooms upstairs.  The carpeting and general decor of the dining rooms is dated and the food used to be, well in a word... awful.  It's a little better now, but not close to what I would consider good food.  The owner is a surgeon who clearly uses this venue for tax purposes probably without a lot of consideration given necessarily to the quality of the product.  Again, the view is great from all areas of the restaurant and this place does most of its business in the summer when folks appreciate the outdoor seating more.  The food has improved lately in its most recent incarnation as a "steakhouse".  Let me back up,,, besides kudos for the view the staff is very corteous and friendly.  I had lunch here today and was the only visitor to the bar for the couple hours I was there and had a good conversation with Rose who was working a very tame sunday shift.  Charlie and Dana are also excellent bartenders.  The bar seats about 15 with plenty of hightops and again lots of outdoor deck seating for the summer.  It has three huge plasmas with plenty of sporting options.  They maintain a decent wine menu and have plenty of beer options, including guiness on tap.  Charlie and Dana also make a reasonably good dirty martini.  If you are looking for a place that is not crowded on a Sunday to watch football you could do a lot worse.  Okay, now to the food.  I've ate here multiple times and never really had a good meal.  The steak prices are unreasonable I believe for the quality of the product and it's not possible to get a steak less than 14 oz. and $40 plus dollars unless you orderr a filet.  They offer the filet in a 6 oz. and 10 oz. option.  I still think the $30 plus pricetag is a bit much for the 6 oz. filet.  I think they say it's prime, but in my experience the steaks don't stack up to those of mortons or ruths.  Today I ordered a cup of french onion soup, which was probably the highlight of the meal with a nice crouton, tasty broth, and plenty of melted guyerre (sp?) cheese.  I then ordered a cheesesteak sandwich and asparagus instead of fries.  The cheesesteak was a huge serving, but of relatively flavorless meat underseasoned on a stale non toasted bun.  The asparagus were tiny and had way too much salt.  If this place puts itself out as a prime steakhouse the asparagus should be much better and the steak should have some flavor.  They also charge an additional $3 for veggies instead of fries on top of the cost of the sandwich platter.  The view is 5 stars, service 4 stars and food 2 stars.
3	The view is definitely very nice.  The food, however is nothing to brag about.  I had a peppered fillet that was somewhat decent with exception of being cooked medium instead of medium-rare like I asked.  The decor brings a on wave of 80's nostalgia. The dining room lights are off in the evening, I suppose so that the view of the food does not distract you from the view of the city.
2	This review is for the Grandview saloon only. View 5 stars, Service 2 stars, Toasted Marshmallow Dessert Cocktail negative stars.The cocktail I ordered looked promising on paper although I was a little hesitant because it included banana liquor, but I gambled that the toasted marshmallow would prevail. It did not. The beverage started off promising with the toasted marshmallow, but quickly went south when the banana liquor kicked in. IT did not receive positive review from our table either. The drink proceeded to sit in front of me and mixed with melting ice started to look like a type of bodily fluid, which I won't name.As for the view, you couldn't get a better one on Mount Washington overlooking the Pittsburgh skyline. With both an indoor bar and a terrace, we were able to move inside once the cold got the best of us.
1	If you want a horrible, overcooked steak brought out with the wrong side items, this is your restaurant!  Oh, and it will cost you $45 for dinner and one drink.
1	Tourist trap.  Like a cafeteria on Mt. Washington.
4	Owney's Bottomline: At the top of the Duquesne Incline and provides some great food with a great view. We initially sat outside for the great view, it was too cold, so the waiter was nice enough to help us move inside. What we ordered:       Mezza plate - Awesome! Lots of variety, huge portions and extremely tasty. It filled me up and I felt like I made a healthy choice compared to what I was going to get.      Crab sandwich - also fantastic with great portions. With beer and a French onion soup...$65 + tip
2	Inflated drink prices due to high rent and the view of the Golden Triangle, sounds familiar, doesn't it? Welcome to the Coal Hill Steakhouse at Grandview Saloon. It's not just this joint, it's all the Grandview Avenue restaurants. The View masks the poor food quality, the over inflated drink prices, and mediocre service. Just look out at the view and you'll forget about the frozen chicken tenders, rubbery and over salted, the watery drinks are much better when you're watching fireworks near PNC Park after a Bucco home run and victory.Do yourself a huge favor and give up the view, head on over to the Shiloh Inn, sit out on the deck (Weather Permitting) or grab a seat in this old house, refurbished into a quaint eatery and chow down on some excellent pub food and let the tourists have the view, besides we've all seen it before, right?
1	Appetizers & drinks were good, but pricey. Dinner was horrible and very expensive. I had the stuffed shrimp which was WAY over cooked & served barely warm. I sent it back to have it microwaved. My daughter had the seafood scampi - the pasta was a little too al dente & the seafood overdone. The salads were served warm... how do you serve a warm salad? At least out the dishes in the freezer. With so many other choices on Mt. Washington, I would not recommend this place.
4	Beautiful view of range city & river and tasty food! I had the jumbo scallops and roasted red potatoes and they were both delicious! My meal did come out too soon after I got my salad though. A nice treat after arriving at the too of the Duquesne Incline!
1	Terrible service I ordered my steak rare it came out medium well my wife ordered her steak medium it came out rare they sat us next to the window then asked us to move right before our meal since they sat us at the wrong table our waiter disappeared when it was time for the check blah blah blah don't go here this place is the worst we shouldn't have left a tip what a waste of money worst steak ever I created a yelp account just so I could post this review that's how much I hated it
1	Bad service, don't go here! They don't treat their customers equally, they choose who to give good service to.
1	Great view, not good food. It was edible, but sort of like convention or meeting food might be. Not overly crowded on a Friday night which - with that view - probably answers all your questions. We were a party of five, with a mix of entrees, but none of them stood out - and not worth whatever the bill may have come to at the end of the night. We had great company, and that made it bearable. I can't actually no recommend this enough.
