5	The team at this location is always professional, courteous and on top of my orders. I order large quantities for work and have never received the wrong order, a messed up order or had any challenges. They are always accommodating of any special requests and pick up times. This is the place to feed the masses at great prices.
5	I order from here every week. They do an awesome job. Occasionally my pizza is a little cool, but I never have a mistake. They just hired a new guy, Sean, he's young but has an amazing attitude and work ethic. I would recommend this location.
3	We ordered some pizza, sandwiches, cinnamon sticks last night. From start to finish, it took about 20 minutes to make and deliver in total, awesomely quick!The pizzas looked good and tasted yummy but the toppings were a little on the skimpy side.  :(Haven't tried the sandwiches yet (having for lunch) so I'll update the review later for that. The delivery guy was SUPER nice! We live in a gated community and our place can be hard to find but our driver was able to find us like a champ and he was such a nice guy. This place isn't  my first choice for pizza but it is a nice backup place for quick and yummy delivery :)BTW-The website DOES let you pick which location you want to order from so I don't know what the last reviewer is talking about..
2	Had the sandwich for lunch yesterday. Was such a sad looking sandwich. The top and bottom bread touched each other from lack of ingredients and was SO SKIMPY. Tasted yummy but bread alone does not make a sandwich.Everything we got from here TASTED good but the serious skimping on ingredients is a bit frustrating especially when you're not getting what you paid for.
5	Jack V you must work for their competitor. I order from this location often. There staff is always friendly and nice and the delivery is often within 15 min. Pizzas is always hot and delicious! I recommend this location to anyone.
5	Been ordering from this location for the past year or so. Today was the first time I ordering the pan pizza. Gotta say, I loved it! the only disappointing part was the chicken and red bell pepper pizza that I ordered. There was very little toppings on this, whereas the other pizza I ordered, a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, had just the right amount of toppings. Like I said, the chicken/bell pepper pizza was a complete disappointment. But because the staff her is always friendly and they have yet to mess up my order, I won't be knocking them a star...this time.
2	Pizza is always pretty good and timely. I order late night because I work nights. But this is the second time I've ordered chicken wings and they are 2 for 2 as the worst wings (hands down) that I've ever eaten. Fatty, soggy, barely able to calls themselves chicken...wings. If you're looking for "food" just order anything except the chicken wings. They make the least pickiest of eaters (me) want to ralph.
4	I've been ordering from this location for about the past year or so. They always deliver the pizzas fast and always yummy. It has become my go-to place for ordering pizza. I always order online and I like how they show you the status of your order as its processed
5	You guys are seriously amazing. Everything I order, no matter when I order it, is always consistently awesome. I know that's a lot to say about delivery pizza but it's true, they really do pizza here well.
