5	This restaurant is amazing!!! The chefs come through with their promise of Italy-Spain-California fusion. I was amazed to learn there were no heat lamps or microwaves located in the restaurant. The baked brie was perfect!!! Way better than Firefly. The atmosphere was a fusion between traditional spanish and italian with modern music and great mojitos!!! The sangria is to die for and I wish I could get the secret ingredient. I will be back as soon as I can. This place is a great place for a date!!! I can't wait to see what the chefs have in store for the menu which I was excited to learn changes periodically based on what is fresh and in season.
4	A nice unpretentious tapas bar that should do well.  I recently enjoyed sangria, osso buco ravioli, blackened salmon tacos and chorizo/cheese croquettes.  I found the atmosphere to be relaxing and fairly quiet.  However,  that may change as they gain a following and add machines at the bar.
4	It seems this place has had some bad to just OK reviews. I'm no chef or tapas aficionado but I dined here recently and really enjoyed the food I ate and the service I received. The decor inside was nice with a couch area by the bar (which is in the center of the restaurant) tables surrounding that, and a few flat panel TVs. They also have a patio. Our server was excellent. Very attentive to our table. We always had full drinks and everything we needed. As far as the food goes we only had one thing that was not very flavorful which were the mozzarella cheese curd beignets. Everything else was very enjoyable. Balsamic ribs ( I especially liked these ), honey glazed carrots (reminded me of my grandmas ), blackened salmon tacos ( wish I could eat those everyday ),  calamari ( crisp not chewy...good ), grilled heart of romaine salad ( it was a good, small salad ), baked stuffed mushrooms ( tasty ), rolled eggplant parm ( once again good ).My overall stance... the GF and I enjoyed this place and will go back. If you are on the fence go to http://restaurant.com/microsite.asp?rid=336699&mcn=00032766 and buy a certificate and give it a try at least if your not impressed you only spent a few bucks.
5	Having concurrent sex with Eva Mendez, Charlize Theron, Kate Beckinsdale, and Jessica Alba..... if they came in the form of Tapas dishes for your dining pleasure. I mean that this is not your traditional Spanish Tapas restaurant, as they do have some novel creations by the executive chef/owner, such as this phenom sashimi dish, but that doesn't take away from the fact that I have now found my favorite Tapas restaurant in the US. The food was delectable, and well worth the 8 minute drive out of the strip. I believe the owner said the restaurant has been open for just a few months... and boy what a welcomed addition to the epicurean elite!My group had at least 15 different dishes served all night, and as full as I was... I just could not stop eating. The lamb chops, super tender calamari, scrumptious lobster n' crab, the carpaccio, Tortilla Espanol (which even our Basque friend said was spectacular), and this amazing grilled romaine dish (yes... I said Romaine lettuce... NOT what you expect and a MUST ORDER!!)...... my mouth is watering just thinking about it... all the way to dessert (you MUST try the truffles with lychee vodka). The only thing I did not enjoy was the ceviche.... but that was probably because I just don't like ceviche in general, so I can't be relied upon for comparison on this.In Las Vegas, this is only the 2nd restaurant in my 20 years of coming regularly that I've dined in that is on my MUST DINE list on each and every subsequent visit to Sin City (the other being Kraftsteak in MGM... their Platinum cut Kobe steak....!!!). Firefly is good.... but this place..... a class in and of itself. Oh... and VALUE!!!!! Price AND quality? Huge fan here..... and I hope they don't change a thing.
5	Ok so really I know my tapas. I've been to Spain and spent hours in a tapas bar drinking wine eating great food and enjoying great conversation. This comes real close to the tastes. I came here with a small group with intentions to see what Chef Errol was all about. I was very impressed with the fact he was using Food Science which is the new cutting edge trends hitting up many spots in LA and NY.The ambiance of the place is very dark, clean, and comfortable. The staff was exceptionally nice.We let Chef decide what to make for us. The drinks were very good. Made from fresh ingredients. This place also has a guiness surger! SCORE!The food is exceptional and the price is definitely reasonable.I enjoyed the grilled romaine salad. Very flavorful. The salad was warm and you can really taste the dressing and the individual flavors. The lamb was phenomenal. We enjoyed the Carpaccio, LOBSTER, and tortilla espaniola which is so authentic spanish.(It wasn't room temperature which is how it's supposed to be served) It was warm and tasty with the herbs and potatoes. Definitely try the duck breast. - I usually like it more rare, but it was definitely delish. The dessert presentation was very classy yet cutting edge. Truffles and Kai Vodka? PHENOMENAL! If you get a chance you definitely should try this out.I'm not really too sure why there were even bad reviews. HATERS!
5	I have a special place in my heart reserved for Tapas...I think it is the place where all of the plaque accumulates. Anyway, when I go to Vegas I usually go to Firefly and/or Cafe Ba Ba Reeba and eat my own weight in meat and cheese...but not anymore. I have a new favorite Tapas place in Vegas and it is RE Tapas!The restaurant is in a new-ish strip mall in the southeast part of town, that has a few other restaurants and a Fresh and Easy (another one of my favorites.) It is a well decorated, nice sized room with a large bar area where we saw several "single male eaters having lunch." The service was great and the portions were huge. We tried the following dishes:Gazpacho-Very fresh and light. You could really taste the cucumber and it wasn't too oniony...my complaint about many gazpachos.Manchego cheese and serrano ham-Large wedges of cheese served on a stick with a large amount of ham wrapped around them and drizzled with a balsamic reduction. There were 4 skewers and they were heavenly.Caprese-small plum tomatoes that were sugar sweet marinated in delicious balsamic and fresh buffalo mozzarella...really fresh and delicious and served on a cool yin-yang plate.Lamb chops-perfectly cooked and served with chimichuri and roasted red pepper sauces. Amazing!Marinated beef tenderloin skewers-very garlicy, moist and delicious.Smoking crispy duck breast-It was served in a chinese steamer, and it was still smoking when it arrived. They actually smoke it in the steamer. The duck was juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside...it was coated in a dry rub that was really smokey and tasted like cumin. It was really decadent and fabulous.Coconut flan-The flan was served with a burnt sugar sauce and garnished with flaked coconut and an orange sugar dusted plantain chip. This is some of the best flan I have ever had.Overall the experience was amazing! RE Tapas is a bit out of the way, but it is definitely worth the trip.
1	Twice I have been to RE.  Twice I have been disappointed. The first time I didn't think the food was too bad, but it wasn't anything special.  The service was fine.  The sangria was tasty, but way too light on the booze for my taste.The second time my husband wanted to check it out as he missed the food from the tapas places that I worked at in NY.  We had the patatas bravas.  While the flavor was spot on, they weren't hot enough & you could tell that they were precooked & past their prime.  We also had some beets with ricotta salata.  Except that it wasn't so, it was regular fresh ricota.  Big difference.  I want what I order & if you don't have it please inform me.  I do know the difference.  Another menu "mistruth"  was when we ordered the fried piquillo pepper.  However, when it arrived they said be careful they are hot.  Piquillos are hardly hot ever, never, ever!  Anyway, they were freakin hot.  Maybe they were anaheims?  They got sent back & I love spicy food, but not when I don't order it.  We also had the chicken croquettes.  Dry, way too salty & I love salt.  They only tasted of oregano & salt.  Oh & did I forget the salt?  Dry, dry, dry.  Honestly, the best thing about the meal was the cheese plate.  It would be hard to mess that one up.  Even the bread that came with that sucked.  It was pre toasted & then brought to the table oiled, soggy & tough.  Oh & the serrano & manchego were fine.  Again, how much can you mess that up?  All you have to do is plate it.Now the service.  Our server was not very polite nor was he at all attentive in any way, shape or form.  We went in at about 8:30 on a Thursday night.  We were one of maybe 4 tables in there.  He ended up having a large party of about 12 half way through our meal.  It took a while to get our drinks in the first place.  Which was funny as the bar was right next to us, but he was no where to be found.  I never got a refill.  My wine glass sat empty for over 15 minutes too.  He walked by many times too.  He acted as if he couldn't have cared less.  He could have made some money off of our table, but let that one slip away.  When we discovered how hot the "piquillo's" were we pushed them to the side.  He came to collect the plates and I had to tell him to take them off the bill as he had no clue.  I suppose it wasn't obvious that we didn't eat any of them...Finally he asked if we wanted some refills.  Where was I Denny's?  No, I want another glass of wine, but I wanted that over a quarter of an hour ago.  By that point the sheer disappointment of the food & lack of service set in & all I wanted to do was leave.  In fact I couldn't wait to get out of there.  That hardly ever happens to me...Oh & the interior.  Don't even get me started on that.  The trying to hard mod interior & those dowdy curtains on the windows.  Yuck.
3	This place wasn't bad.  Enjoyed the 1st glasses of mojitos and sangria but our pitched of blackberry cherry sangria seemed to be seriously lacking in the booze department...I think I actually got MORE sober drinking it:(None of the foods were particularly outstanding but none were bad at all.  We got the tandoori calamari (a ridiculous name for just fried calamari w/ curry powder on them and nothing to do w/ an oven), the dates which weren't as good as Firefly, the lobster gazpacho that had a nice presentation and very tasty, and the rolled eggplant dish that was just a small lasagna but tasty.The staff was extremely attentive..almost to the point of funny but it was fine.  If I were to comeback here again...I would go w/ more lobster dishes instead of the standard tapas fare and bring a few more people so we could sit on the couches.
4	This time the service was not the best but I'm still giving 4 stars because I really liked all the food. This time I had the Mac-n-Cheese which was very cheesy and good. Salmon tacos just as good as last time. Calamari very tender and not greasy. Ribs were AMAZING (falling off the bone)!!! I tried the stuffed dates (fruit, bleu cheese, walnuts, bacon) doesn't sound very good but holy crap I think I could live off of these things. Man those were awesome. Lobster raviolis were great. Eggplant roll-ups were very good. Grilled romaine salad was nice and warm with a little char Mmmmmmm. Huge shrimp made up the cocktail. I will keep going here no matter what the other reviews say i think this place is very good.
3	Hit RE Tapas last night with the gf.simple non-descript space in a shopping center.started with a blackberry / cherry sangria, non-alcoholic mojito for the gf ( approx $7 each )   the sangria ok - my only beef - they left cut up pieces of lime in the drink - the problem with this is they looked like pieces of the apple ( not great lighting in the place ) and as i'm scooping out the blackberries, and apple pieces to munch on, i also munch on some lime rinds - i don't care for that !the food - decent - ordered  caprese salad, coloroado lamb chops, finger potatoes w/ chorizo, grilled asparagus, sauteed mushrooms,  stuffed artichokes and the filet sliders.the standouts - for me. the mushrooms, for the gf - the potatoes. everything decent just nothing that made you go , "wow." also, only minor beef - served the caprese last - thought that should be the 1st item to be served.would i eat at RE tapas again - sure,  in fact, there were several items we wanted to try but  we can only eat so much in one sitting.total bill $66
1	I really want to give this place a 3 strikes and you're out chance, but after getting sick after both times so far, i'm done with this place.
1	I don't understand how anyone has enjoyed this restaurant. I'm guessing the good reviews are by "friends" of the restaurant. It's the only explanation.I had high hopes for this spot. Went here on a weekday evening. Restaurant was pretty empty, so I can't blame the terrible service on being crowded. We ordered a lotta tapas. Only about 3 quarters of them actually showed up at the table, and after eating them I wished even less than that would have showed up. Nothing stood out as good, and most stood out as bad. A couple of the big lowlights for me were the chicken and cheese croquetas and the corndogs. The croquetas were inedible. One of the worst things I've been served in a restaurant. The corn dogs were soggy on the outside and dry on the inside. It's a corndog. How can you screw that up? I can buy better corndogs in the Vons freezer section. The server didn't seem to recognize we hardly touched any of it, and nobody questioned us as to whether things were ok.Surprisingly we were not charged for the tapas that were ordered and didn't hit the table. After my experience there I totally expected to be. I guess that's the only positive of the evening. We were charged correctly.Next time I want tapas, I'm going to Firefly.
4	Mmm, just came back from R. E.  The place is pretty good.  I came in to meet my party, who was already there and seated, so I can't speak about the hostess, but the waiter was prompt enough.  We ordered a lot of things, but I only got to try a few of them.  I started with a Thai Basil Mojito, which was very good.  However, there was a lot of very good tapas, as well.  I liked the stuffed dates, the sauteed scallops, the stuffed mushrooms, and most of all the crabby paddies!  They were very good, each bite quite flavorful.I ate a few other things, but I can't remember them.  The only thing I didn't like was the lamb chops.  Too dry, and not enough flavor, especially compared to the other dishes.  We also went on a Friday night, and there was an incredible jazz band there, so that really helped the ambiance.  I'd come back with friends, definitely.
5	We had none of the poor service or food issues mentioned below.  Our waitress was lovely, and in the couple of cases when we couldn't locate her, other servers were always around and more than willing to help.  As a party of three, the portions were perfect.  Favorites included, well, pretty much everything we had!: smoked duck, lobster tacos (on the special back page, not sure if it's always offered), meatballs, stuffed mushrooms, grilled asparagus, grilled salad, shrimp diavolo, stuffed dates wrapped in bacon.  Also, the thai basil mojitos sound strange but are lovely, refreshing and citrusy.  And the birthday boy chose the tiramisu martini for his dessert - I'm not a huge tiramisu fan but this was amazing, and the sparkler candle was perfect.I cannot recommend this place enough.
4	So i have to preface my review by saying i came here a few months ago while in town for the NeoGov conference, and they actually rented the whole place out, so i have no idea what things cost (open bar and 13 course meal), and i can't remember specifically what we ate... i remember liking most of it, especially something with artichoke (though, i do love me some artichoke any which way it comes)but i can tell you that the fact that they accommodated a huge group of us, and i really mean huge, and for the most part, managed to keep everyone happy (service was a little slow at times, and they did weird things like put a plate with 3 servings in front of groups of 4 people) is pretty impressive.. then again the open bar could have had something to do with that too... but this place kicked off the most memorable, and not to mention fun, night in vegas during that trip. (i'm sure the fact that the people that were there were absolutely amazingly cool had something to do with it too)
5	mmm hmm, i always love visiting this place. Salmon tacos are so yummy, the salads are really good, and i love all the veggies they offer. Good menu something for everyone. YUM!
1	Funky atmosphere, overpriced half-ass food. I will not return to this place. Their serrano ham taste like cheap prosciutto! I understand they are not a traditional tapas place, but the shortcuts they take really shows. All their ingredients are really cheap. Their hot foods were served room temperature. Service was poor when the restaurants was only half full!
4	I love tapa's!!! Love love love them!This place is pretty fun- there is lots to choose from. And the price is pretty standard for tapa's in my opinion. I will say Vegas doesn't have many tapas places though I wish I could go to spain for the real-deal but this place is really fun to go with friends!The blacken salmon tacos are really good. Even if you're not a fan of salmon or seafood tacos just try them! The aioli sauce makes the favor so outstanding! I didn't want to order these my sister did and I tried hers and sense then placed an order each time I've gone. They play diff. music each time I go and it's always really enjoyable atmosphere, although a couple of the times I went the music was too loud to talk. Which I didn't like. Almost every time I went the service was pretty fast and also personable but I wouldn't say this is consistently true.
1	Well I would love to tell you if the food was good or bad, but I did not get the chance.  I arrived at RE tapas at 9:00 on a friday.  The live music seemed to be good, but when I asked to be seated, the hostess told me that two cooks quit and it would be a 30 minute wait.  I think this is ridiculous when the restaurant was not that busy.  I then asked if we could sit down and have a few drinks before we ordered.  She looked around and said no.  This place will not be in business for long treating customers like this.  She told me the kitchen was backed up.  In these tough economic times, customer service should be priority one!!!!
4	Fantastic food presented beautifully in great variety. We went on a Friday night and there weren't many other diners, but there were several dishes already crossed off the menu because the kitchen had run out. Even so, there were lots left to choose from, and the service was excellent.
3	This place was just that - A-OK.Service was SO SLOW and the food was mediocre. After my friend and I sat down, the waitress didn't come for over 15 minutes, so we just went to the counter and got our own menu. When the waitress finally came, we ordered drinks and that took another 15 minutes. The food was ok but nothing to rave about. We ordered tuna tar tar, sliders, and mahi mahi taco's. Nothing special at all.
3	Nothing to write home about.
3	Overall, RE Tapas is a trendy-looking place with a fresh atmosphere.The food was pretty good, definitely not bad for the price. I would have liked to have seen a few more exotic tapas choices on the menu, as the fare seemed pretty standard for a tapas place.Roasted lamb: delicious and juicy and topped with cooked red onions. Definitely my favorite of the tapas I tried.Stuffed peppers: delicious, although I felt the fried coating was slightly too much. I think the cheese would have complemented the peppers enough without the breading.Ceviche: Not terribly exciting overall, although I must admit, I've never tried this anywhere else.Stuffed dates: It's difficult to mess up stuffed dates for me, and these were definitely yummy.Mixed green salad: The house vinaigrette was delicious, although I wish there had been more greens to go with it. The sangria was in the largest glass I have ever seen the drink in at a restaurant. It was tasty, although it seemed light on the alcohol and just a little too sweet.Overall, the service wasn't bad, although a bit slower than we were hoping. We asked the waitress for the calamari fries (fried calamari) and the flaming cheese (a dish that looked particularly exciting because the dish was set aflame at the table), and she forgot to put the order in. We ended up not reminding her because we were in a rush to catch a movie.I would probably go back to try a few more of the tapas I was eying (including the forgotten ones), but I'm not sure I would choose it over Firefly or even the slightly more expensive Cafe Ba-ba-reeba. All of the equivalent dishes I have tried at Firefly (including the sangria) I prefer at Firefly. Although, I did like that RE Tapas was quite a bit quieter than Firefly.
5	Did this place close my friend texted me the other day to say it closed!!?!? NOOOO. What a bummer if this is true!
3	RE was delicious Tapas, sadly they are now closed :(
1	This place is out of business. Its now a sports bar called CR Buns
