5	I came here with a friend for a Kundalini class on a Tuesday afternoon (4:30). It was all around a great experience.The gal at reception was really pleasant and helpful. The studio is large and beautiful - great energy and very calming decor and lighting. There are a couple of large rooms for classes, some small changing booths, clean washrooms and a really nice seating area with couches and tables where you can enjoy a complimentary cup of really amazingly good yogi tea (similar to masala chai, and lightly sweetened - help yourself to as much as you like.)The class was really good. It was just me, my friend and the instructor, so we basically got a private class which was kind of awesome. We had Amrit Kaur, who doesn't usually teach the Tuesday class, but was subbing for the regular instructor (her usual class is on Thursday.) Amrit was really excellent - very pleasant and accessible and she had this really great peaceful energy about her. Kundalini yoga is part of my regular practice and my friend was attending his first yoga class ever but she led a class that worked for both of us and led us through a really enjoyable kriya. She also took the time to explain some of the philosophy and intent behind kundalini yoga. After the class she sat and talked with us a bit while we had some tea. Drop-ins are $16 and they have mat rentals for $1. I'm hoping I'll have a chance to attend a class here again before I leave Montreal - I really enjoyed this studio.
3	A friend who practice's regularly here invited me along to try out a kundalini class. I can now say kundalini isn't for me, but this studio is quite nice and I would be tempted to try a different style class sometime. There are several different rooms so more than one class can take place at the same time. They are bright and spacious, a great setting for getting your yoga on. There are lots of changing rooms and bathrooms, but no showers or lockers (one of those things that isn't essential but good to know). The check in process through is super slow if you don't have a membership, so plan to get there with lots of time to spare if you're just paying by the class.
