5	Before a couple of weeks ago, Surprise Animal Hospital was just the place we went to pick up our cat's special food. They had always been pleasant and are open 7 days a week which is a huge convenience. A few weeks ago, my parents dog fell ill (she was 12 years old). After a trip to the emergency vet we realized her time was nearing the end so I was not surprised when my mom called me on a Sunday morning telling me that it was "that time" for Daisy. My parents hate their vet, with a passion, so they asked me to help them find a place with Sunday hours. I immediately remembered that Surprise AH was open Sunday and we had always had a good experience. Despite the horrible conditions in which we had to go there, I have never had a better experience with a vet. The whole staff was wonderful. We were over 30 minutes early for our appointment but they put us right in a room and the vet was in there within 10 minutes. She examined our sweet Daisy and confirmed that it was indeed time and took the time to explain everything to my mother and I. They allowed us to stay in the room as Daisy was put to rest and the vet tech held my hand and rubbed my back in an effort to comfort me. The vet commented that it seemed that Daisy was a very loved pet, and seriously that was the best possible thing to say after we made such a painful decision. The vet tech offered to make a paw print for us (free of charge) and we were not expecting anything special. When I got the call a few days after that the print was done I was impressed to see that the print was in clay not plaster and they have pressed clay daisies around the print and etched her name in it. It was such a sweet gesture. The final rave was the sympathy card I just received in the mail. It was a personal message from the vet and once again just another extremely thoughtful touch. Like I said, this was not the most ideal situation to be reviewing this vet, but the care and compassion this office showed us in this difficult time far exceeded any expectations I ever had.
1	This has been the most G-d aweful experience.  I adopted a pet from the Maricopa shelter last week and immediately  brought the dog to them for their free visit/wellness exam  which is included by Maricopa Animal Shelter, which ended up costing over $100 for dewormer and heartworm test (because Maricopa Animal Shelter doesnt test them for ANYTHING).  Then when the prescriptions they prescribed for "Kennel cough" did not work, they charged $100 more for two different prescriptions (that one isnt working either) , and now one week after initially seeing them after the adoption, they want to charge us over $400 for even being seen.  What ever happened to hippocratic oath?  I wouldnt recommend this place to my worst enemy.  They are all about the $$$ and not the love of animals.  It definitely sounds as though Adeena dog as pneumonia and not kennel cough.  Toby, our other dog has noot even coughed or sneezed once and baby girl has been here a week already but just seems to be progressively getting worse.  And we love her and dont want to lose our new addition to the family!   We have called almost on a daily basis, only to be "run off" the phone with a bunch of "Ill call you back"s.  BLECH!Also, after further research, the prescription that was supposed to be given to my dog was supposed to be a cough suppresant and what they gave us was a pain killer.This place should be closed down and I fully intend on reporting them to the AZ Board.
1	This has been the most G-d aweful experience.  I adopted a pet from the Maricopa shelter last week and immediately  brought the dog to them for their free visit/wellness exam  which is included by Maricopa Animal Shelter, which ended up costing over $100 for dewormer and heartworm test (because Maricopa Animal Shelter doesnt test them for ANYTHING).  Then when the prescriptions they prescribed for "Kennel cough" did not work, they charged $100 more for two different prescriptions (that one isnt working either) , and now one week after initially seeing them after the adoption, they want to charge us over $400 for even being seen.  What ever happened to hippocratic oath?  I wouldnt recommend this place to my worst enemy.  They are all about the $$$ and not the love of animals.  It definitely sounds as though Adeena dog as pneumonia and not kennel cough.  Toby, our other dog has noot even coughed or sneezed once and baby girl has been here a week already but just seems to be progressively getting worse.  And we love her and dont want to lose our new addition to the family!   We have called almost on a daily basis, only to be "run off" the phone with a bunch of "Ill call you back"s.  BLECH!Also, after further research, the prescription that was supposed to be given to my dog was supposed to be a cough suppresant and what they gave us was a pain killer.This place should be closed down and I fully intend on reporting them to the AZ Board.
5	I took my little Felix (cat) to Surprise Animal Hospital for diarrhea.  He had gotten into a plant that was potentially toxic and the whole staff treated us with kindness and professionalism!  Dr. M. Johnson was very sweet with him and knowledgeable.  We were sent home with meds to be taken orally and they have already worked (it's only been 2 days).  I didn't feel like they were trying to sell me anything or trying to make money off me.  I've had really high vet bills before and this one wasn't one of them!Thank you Surprise Animal Hospital for everything!
5	Thank you to the people that work in this Vet hospital.  We went in on a one day notice with our family lab Shadow and they were WONDERFUL.  They were so caring and understanding with her and us.  When it came time to tell us that there was only two optoins in helping our girl they cried with us when we chose to euthanize her.  They were so completely understanding and so kind to let my husband be with her in the end.They handled it all with GREAT care, empathy, and professionalism. They allowed us to have our Shadow creamated and they continue to treat us with the utmost respect.  We would reccommend thier services to anyone.  They offer payment plans as well as a military discount!  But thier service takes it.  These folks are the best at what they do,
5	Surprise Animal Hospital is by far the best vet I have ever used for my pets needs.  From hours that extend into evenings and weekends to often having an opening the same day when I need to bring one of my crew in for a visit.  They are very caring and unlike some vets I never feel like they are just trying to make money off me.  They will work with your budget and do offer payment plans.  They truly care about your pet and that they are as happy and as healthy as possible.
3	I have a little bit of a mixed experience between Alana and the others. I always felt the staff and doctors were pleasant and friendly, however, they do try to up sell veterinary services at every opportunity. It's a business so I don't really blame them, but it is kind of annoying when all you want is to keep your dogs up to date on their shots.
5	My parents used to take their dogs to Puppy Palace. Not anymore. Surprise Animal Hospital is the best.  Spanky loves coming here. They are super friendly and the place is clean as a whistle. (Never understood that analogy!) they lost Dudley recently and SAH was amazing during the while process. I could give them enough stars. They are super busy, so if you want to bring your doggie in for servicing (lol!) make sure you schedule a week out. My dad didn't, brought Spanky back to PP and he was sick and had anxiety for a week after. That was the final straw for my family using PP.
5	We have always used SAH since we moved to the area  in 2006. The front desk, the Vet techs and assistants and the doctors have always been professional, kind, and caring. We lost one of our kitties in February and Dr. M. Johnson was always kind, and answered all of our questions and concerns during that very difficult time. I don"t agree with those that feel they are trying to sell you Vet services. They suggest certain treatments, and it is your decision, there is no pressure to "purchase" these treatments.
4	Have had many good experiences here at SAH. I just wish that veterinary care wasn't such an expensive undertaking. It's really kind of ridiculous that it costs nearly $100 for a 7 minute vet visit every year. The vet techs could really give the shots and save customers a bunch of money but I digress.The standard of care is very professional, friendly, and pleasant. They are very accommodating to my dog who doesn't like other cats or dogs so they work around his needs. They were very caring with my previous dog who had to be put down. I'm sorry to the previous person who had a bad experience with having their dog put down there. Believe me, that is not a normal circumstance at SAH.
4	Its great that they are open on sundays! Getting Bella the pug her rabies shots today. They also groomed her for us while she was there. If you've ever had a pug you know how much of an awesome thing this is! We are fans, Bella and I will be back when necessary.
5	Surprise Animal Hospital is by far the best vet I have ever used for my pets needs.  From hours that extend into evenings and weekends to often having an opening the same day when I need to bring one of my crew in for a visit.  They are very caring and unlike some vets I never feel like they are just trying to make money off me.  They will work with your budget and do offer payment plans.  They truly care about your pet and that they are as happy and as healthy as possible.
5	Can't say enough.  They were not my regular vet (have one around the corner) UNTIL my Boston Terrier needed patella surgery.  I went to Surprise Animal Hospital for a second opinion, where they performed X-rays (1st vet did not) and provided excellent information regarding what was wrong and what could be found during surgery.Upon arriving for surgery, the Dr. (surgeon) spent at least 30 minutes examining our pet and providing clear explanations on what was wrong and the possible corrections during surgery.  We were also given a range of cost for the surgery depending on degree of repair.It has been 8 days, and we have all we can do to keep him calm.  He began walking on the leg after 6 days and is responding very  well to the range of motion exercises and short walks.Kudos to the surgeon and the staff of my new veterinarian.Oh, and they're open on Sunday for emergencies!!!
4	Overall, I really like this place. The Vets are all great (the 3-4 we've seen over the past few years anyway), and the rest of the staff is friendly, too. It's nice that they call to check in on your pet if you've brought them in sick. I can usually get in fairly quickly, and I like that they have weekend hours available, too! This vet office is definitely not the cheapest. We go here because it's close to our house, but it can run on the pricey side. Just the visit alone will cost $50, plus any vaccines, meds, etc. Our vet when we lived in another state was $38 for the visit, and prices for meds, vaccines, etc., tended to run a bit cheaper, too-- and this was a very nice office in a nice area. They do have financing options available, and don't charge interest, but I would encourage anyone needing more than routine care or simple meds for their pet to shop around a bit. They recommended dental work for one of my cats, and it was phenomenally expensive. I called my mother, who has taken two cats to our old vet's office for dental, and the price they quoted me for my cat was MORE than she paid for two cats... I do understand there is probably a lot of overhead costs, and I don't think SAH is trying to rob anyone blind, but just know that if you look around, you might save some money.
4	Very Very Friendly Staff. Normal (not over the top) Pricing (except for nail trims-see below).It was our first visit with my 9 year old dog. We recently moved to the area so needed a new vet. Overall, they where great. Felt the Vet we saw was in an out super fast (Dr. Rebecca Thongkham). Usually they are fast, but I felt like the was talking SOO fast in the -hurry up i have to go way- and not in the - i am just a fast talker way- if that makes any sense. Also feel that $19 for a nail trim is grossly overpriced... Its like $10 at petsmart. Even mom and pop groomers only charge $11. The most I have ever spent on nail trimming is $15 and that was in Del Mar, California where EVERYTHING is expensive! I understand maybe higher pricing for bigger dogs.... but $19 for a small (under 25lb) dog? Kinda overkill.
5	I started going here when I rescued Calvin  from the county shelter and Dr. DeKing is amazing! Taking precautions, Dr. DeKing prescribed meds to make sure he didn't bring anything home with him after his stay at the shelter (he had early kennel cough and with three other dogs, I was worried they would get sick, too) and when I thought he was getting sick or that my other dogs were at risk, she took the time to make sure our household was healthy. When Calvin starting having allergies, again, Dr. DeKing reviewed the options with me in detail and over the course of almost two months, has been available to prescribe a course of treatment to best to treat his symptoms. She even called on Christmas Eve to check on Calvin and has taken time out of her busy day on several occasions to return my calls and answer any questions I had. I also appreciated the staff scoring the medication so that Calvin would receive the correct dose every time. I'm very happy with Surprise Animal Hospital and would highly recommend it to anyone.
4	I wanted to update my review. While I am not changing the stars rating, because I still feel like this clinic tends to be more expensive than other places, I do still really like this office, and we will probably keep coming back for the most part. Last Friday, we had to make the hard decision to put down our older dog. We had wanted to spend one more day with him, perhaps selfishly, so I made an appointment for both of our dogs on Saturday as our younger dog was pretty attached to the older one, and needed vaccines updated anyway.All of the staff was really sweet and understanding, and I feel like they gave us lots of time with the appointment and we were not rushed.
5	There are no words that adequately express our gratitude to the doctors and staff. As I sit here petting my little boy Elwood I can't help but think over and over again you didn't just heal my fur baby you restored my faith in humanity. You removed his bladder stones but also showed me that people are capable of incredible acts of kindness and generosity as well. As a veterinary clinic you went way above and beyond the call of duty. There was no disputing it was no longer about the money, it was about making Elwood better. I will spend the rest of my days telling anyone who will listen about how wonderful you are. I will also pay your kindness forward, this I promise to you and to God above. To our family your help was an answer to our prayers.
4	SAH has taken care of our five dogs for several years now. There are many things we appreciate, such as being able to get in on short notice, the groomers (Nikki is great!), extended hours and nice people. The vets are kind and professional, but I never know who we are going to see, nor could I give you their names. It would be nice to have some consistency with which vet you see, which is the only reason it does not get a five star rating from me.
4	I have been using the Surprise Animal Hospital for many years. 7 with a cat, and 5 with a dog. I trust thier services. The veteranarians are professional, and good at what they do. My 5th star is held back because this can be an expensive clinic depending on the service. For immunizations, prescriptions, and sick call visits, their prices are comparable to other clinics. But some services, like Spade/neuter, dental cleaning... They are way too high. The neuter charge for my dog was almost $500. That's very high considering some clinics will do it for $100. I elected to use AZ Paws for the dental cleaning because they were $200 cheaper. Everything considered, they're still a good balance between service and cost.
3	Staff was wonderful-service was excellent, but the prices are VERY high.  I rescue and foster dogs.  I had a little girl that Maricopa had sent me a spay voucher for.  Well my "free" spay ended up costing us $95 plus I picked up an e-collar for $14.  Unless they cut me a break I will be unable to bring rescues in for service.  I did appreciate that they do a free exam after picking up a dog or cat at the shelter, since I give my own vaccines they didn't pressure me to have them do it.  Happy they are open 7 days a week with nice early hours.  Will I continue to use them???  Not certain yet.
4	This place was recommended to me by my friend, Nancy. I've never been to a vet before. The stuff members were friendly. They were there throughout every step. After the Vet introduced himself the appointment went smoothly. The way he examined my dog I knew I was in good hands. The vet knows his work. I love how he covered everything without pushing unnecessary fees. As a new patients I got a $25 discount on my dog's examination fee. I think the place will benefit with a bigger waiting room/lobby room.
5	I really appreciated that they were able to fit in my puppy for an appointment when he suddenly became sick with parvo. The staff, from the front desk to Dr. Winkler and Teresa were all so friendly and caring. They have checked in with us daily since our initial appointment to see how our little pup is doing. I especially love that they offer payment plans, although we did not take advantage of it during this visit. They offered us different options for treatment, including home care which was significantly less expensive than hospitalizing.
3	I've been a client here since they opened.  I've had everything from excellent care and service to the mediocre.  Despite some hiccups, I have stayed on primarily because of the location and Saturday/Sunday hours.In addition to routine care, I've also had SAH care for my dogs and cats through bloat, a C-section, and euthanasia.  They've seen several of the rescue/foster dogs I've worked with over the years as well, including one with distemper.  Fees are what I would consider slightly above average.  I use other vets throughout the valley for specific issues (reproductive work, OFA health clearances) and SAH and the associated AZ Pet Vet clinics are at the higher end of what I've come to expect as customary and usual for the Phoenix area.   That said, I do appreciate the financing options that are available, although I've not had to use them.  I've been frustrated with the rotation of doctors over the years, however.  I first started here because of Dr. Russell Johnsen (who is now at Beardsley Animal Hospital -- too far for me now, but whom l recommend highly) and have gone through multiple doctors since then.  It seems as though I start seeing one doctor with some regularity, then they're gone.  I'm sure there are various reasons for this, but as someone who wants to establish an ongoing client-doctor relationship, I find it unhelpful to continually have to re-introduce myself to new doctors.
