5	Only establishment in CLT pumping out properly fermented sours and half sours, so of course, I'm in love. Does he do salsa and dips as well, along with sweet and salty jalapenos, and other pickly vegetable matter? Yup, but even if he were only going with Cukes, it'd still be salty, stinky love - bite into a full sour, tiny pocket of brine in the middle, soft, translucent, fantastic, and see for yerself. Try them sliced thin on pumpernickel with peanut butter next time you're craving something awesome or get pregnant.At 6 a stuffed quart, you put these in your fridge and forever hence give Claussens a smirky eye-roll whenever you walk by. At Atherton Tuesdays and Saturdays, and possibly Weds as well.
5	I can't even go to Atherton Market without thinking of Pickleville pickles, the Pickle Man always has samples and will get your attention with his snappy tongs.  They are so good to have in the fridge for sandwiches, I slice and dice for salads and absolutely love the jalapenos for quick salsas and quesadillas.  Try it, you'll like it.
5	Where else can you get pickles made the "old fashioned" fermented way and also get a floor show from the Pickle Man? He will talk to you as long as you stand around and give you pickles to try as long as you want them. Best pickles in town bar-none.
5	Amazing salsa's and pickles!!!! Especially the Original Dills. From your new friend Bodan and pals in Manafest!
5	Naturally fermented pickles? Yes please! No pasteurized jarred stuff for me, I'm heading over to Pickleville at Atherton Mills.  Not just cukes, but a wide variety of veggies get the treatment. Cabbage, jalapeno's, the always changing "bucket of pickled things." The picked garlic is delicious and can be eaten straight if you are so inclined. Not sure if it keeps you healthy because no one will go near you after eating it or because of the natural antibiotic properties of garlic, but whatever it works.In the summer you can get the best pickled okra. When available be sure to add the chipotle peppers to it. Marvelous! The juice that is left over from that combo add to corn and shredded red cabbage along with some olive oil for a delicious salad. Thank me later.The proprietor - what is his name? Need to ask, can't just call him da pickleville guy. Anyhow he is definitely passionate and enthusiastic about his product. Once during the week I came down to Atherton and his booth was surrounded by school kids learning about pickles. Brand them while they're young! Young or old, nothing beats the pickles from Pickleville.
5	Most Fascinating Person to speak with at Atherton Market!  The Pickle Dude has:  Half Sour Pickles!  Less than Half Sour Cucumbers!  Bring on the Peppercorns (I'm Guessing)!  Kimchi made with no dead animals (no fish with rock on top)!  He said all but one product is totally Vegan! Hey Paul Kohler if you are in Charlotte you may like this!Salsa was good too!
5	Who's your buddy in Atherton Mill Market? Bill from Pickleville!Step on up to this ripely fermented stand of pickle-y greatness. He has it all -- Halfsours, bread & butter, dills, okra, salsas, smoked salmon spread, kimchi...just the works. You can sample a ton of products from Bill and he'll help you figure out what you're in the mood for or what you like. One of the best aspects of Pickleville is Bill himself. He always has a fun story or three to share. Makes talking about the brand more fun. He may even sing you a song if you're lucky. Open as the market is open. He also takes credit cards.
5	Best.pickles.ever!  The black bean dip is the best I've ever had as well.  Has a smoky/bbq-like taste.
5	This guy was so super nice and had amazing stories. He was so nice when we first came in and offered to sell us anything at half price because we had just given blood (we were wearing stickers). We also let him know that we were making dill pickle soup that weekend and he gave us free pickle juice to use for the recipe. We sampled all kinds of his pickles as well as his salsas and ended up going with the traditional dill for the pickle and his black bean salsa. All of his options were fantastic though!
4	Love the dill pickles here but had to stop buying them. They won't sell anything smaller than a quart and, repeatedly, after two weeks in my fridge they start to get soft & squishy and smell & taste less than optimal.  If he ever decides to sell smaller quantities I'll happily pick up a few during my weekly trips to Atherton.
