5	Nice little store.  They have great fudge, great carmel apples.  The place is never too busy and the staff is always patient and nice.  They give small samples which helps me pick the tastiest treat.  The chocolate factory is near the hotel elevators.  A very convenient place to get your late night sweets.
4	Located in the Orleans casino, this establishment offers varieties of caramel apples, chocolate covered strawberries & gummy bears, coffee, and more. I had the German Chocolate Apple, which was very good. The sweetness of the chocolate and coconut blended well with the sourness of the green apple. One thing I really liked about this place was that they cut the apple for you. I didn't have to worry about getting all the chocolate and what not all over my face while nom nomin. I would suggest getting something other than the regular caramel apple. Reason being, most of the caramel stuck to the paper that it was placed on. At least with the others, the toppings prevent the caramel from sticking. Let the nom noming begin !
3	Got a groupon coupon to try out the chocolate,unfortunately it was limited ,  to candied apples, dipped strawberries, fudge(which I am not a fan of fudge) and bark... I was hoping to try the other chocolates in the small little store,oh well, will probably not go back ,as you have to go thru the casino to get there,and drop a few quarters along the way...The bark is ok, it is like eating a slab of chocolate,, I wish there were nuts in them.. Really rich chocolate, it was tasty,, but I preferred a different selection....
4	They hit a home run for me!!  I googled a candy store near Lake Las Vegas and found them.  They were picked as one of the top spots for sweets, so I gave them a try.  I ordered by phone 700 miles away and they delivered candy to my relative staying a hotel near their store.  They filled my order and ran it over to the hotel within 3 hours of me calling them!!  My relatives loved the candy--I got the 1/2 lb. assorted and chocolate covered strawberries.  Great experience!  I will remember this and look for your other locations when I need something like this again.  Thank you!
3	Chocolate pecan bears and chocolate caramel popcorn are the two things I got to try from here. I didn't even know they had this place in Vegas and so it was a nice little surprise to find out this place existed.The chocolate caramel popcorn was sweet and crispy. It was great.The chocolate pecan bears were individually wrapped and each one had some pecans and chewy caramel inside. This was a nice sweet treat too.Tasty treats from this place can only make the Vegas experience even sweeter!
4	I've walked by here many times in my stays at The Orleans.  Not much of a sweets person and the place is ALWAYS packed.  When I was leaving on my last stay I noticed they had a coffee and pastry special and I hoped it would be better than what I would normally get on my way out of town at the gas station.  The coffee was only ok but the fresh pastries I got were very good!  Of course being fresh the icing was gooey and got all over me on my way down the road. :-)
4	I have been to the Orleans on so many occasions and didn't even know this place existed. I purchased a Living Social deal for candy apples on a whim and totally forgot about it until it was about to expire. The shop is located near the hotel elevators near the pool entrance and gift shop. Service was standard and was pleasantly surprised to find out that my Groupon allowed me to pick out some of the fancier candy covered apples as well. I decided to get a variety of flavors to bring to a game night I was having that evening.  My favorite turned out to be the basic caramel apple with walnuts, but it was nice to get the chance to try other flavors like butterfinger and toffee covered. I don't see myself coming here often, but it's nice stop if you're in the area and have a sweet tooth.
4	Tucked away inside The Orleans casino & Hotel.I you haven't been there before, RMCF is just after the gift shop along your way to your rooms.They have a great selection of chocolate covered pretzels, fruit, graham crackers and other various things you can cover in chocolate.They seem to have discontinue some of the chocolate things like the Raspberry cremes. But it's really minor, when you see what else they have to offer.They also offer a wider selection of caramel apples with different toppings.Apple pie and the walnut covered are really good.They also carry a small selection of holiday themed candies, depending on what holiday is current.Friendly staff.
5	They have the best chocolate ever and they give out really good serving sizes for the price
4	Pretty good. It's one of my favorite places to go when I want fresher chocolate. The only downside is probabbly the limited supply of some of the chocolates/candies. They run out pretty fast.
2	I went here specifically for a caramel apple craving...the apples were just okay. The caramel isn't consistent---it's really dark in color on some of the apples and really light tan color on others.  They need to heat the caramel to an exact temperature every single time to get it perfect.  It's not a Disneyland Caramel Apple but it did help my sweet tooth.  I also order 1/2 pound of chocolate walnut fudge.  The fudge was very dry and basically crumbled and turned mostly into dust.  Apples 2.5/5Fudge 1/5Friendly 5/5
