5	A new sub shop in a dying shopping center...risky move!  But with the nearest Subway a mile northwest of here, this was probably a great location if they can get the word out about their business. I'd say the shop is comparable to a combination of Subway and Jimmie John's. The bread was fresh and fluffy, and the vegetables were all crispy and generous.  They don't have peppercini peppers but they do have jalapenos.  And, after telling the owner that our dog had passed away earlier today, he gave my daughter three free cookies, which I thought was a sweet touch.The prices are on par with Subway, and for the money the quality is there. I had the tuna sandwich, and the tuna was quite fresh.I'm happy that we have a new local sub shop!
5	Quality subs, great breads, and everything is fresh. The owner has a real passion for his work and keeps a clean shop.
5	If you're looking for honest-to-goodness grinders, you'll find them here. Lots of places claim to be New York style. This place really is. I grew up in Connecticut and went to school in New York. These subs are what I used to be able to walk down the street to get.I've been here a couple of times now and what I've seen is good people who obviously care about what they're doing, and what they're doing is serving great subs and salads with fresh, flavorful ingredients at reasonable prices. I live in south Phoenix, but I'm in the Glendale/Peoria area on many weekends. When I'm there, I'll be making it a point to get lunch at Gatti's and maybe picking up supper there, too. And from what I've seen in the comments on their Facebook page, I need to get a cannoli next time I'm there.
4	Top Quality fresh ingredients served with a smile. Try the Gatti and add bacon...now that's italian! Service is a bit slow for multiple orders but well worth the wait. Cannoli is made to order and is molto bene! Mangia!!!
4	Visited for the first time on Sunday.  They have a 3 sub Sunday special which was more than enough for my family of four.  Bread was ok, not perfect, but everything else was good. They have daily specials, and a 5.50 foot long selection.  We'll be back for sure.  Staff was very friendly,  can't beat good customer service.
5	We decided to give this place a try. Immediately upon walking in I noticed the A rating , plus it looks very clean. We shared a turkey on white. The bread was fresh . The service was friendly and helpful . This is my new local sub spot.
5	Live close by in the area and have been coming here since it opened. This place is amazing. Outstanding and friendly family owned and operated. Fresh cut meat, great bread, clean, what more can you ask for. Maybe 50 cents more than a Subway or Blimpies but you can't even put the quality anywhere near the same ball park as this place. Visit minimum once a week. Owners clearly have a passion for their business which is refreshing. You will never go to another sub place after coming here. Recommendation: Gatti signature sub. Chipolte Mayo is delish!
2	I almost feel bad writing this review. I sincerely wish our experience would have been more impressive. My husband is the sandwich's biggest fan. Although he's is enamored with Jimmy John's we would rather support local independently owned business. We found this place via Yelp and it looked great especially since a few of the reviews were written by East Coasters. My husband grew up in CT and I lived all over the East Coast for about 5 years prior to moving to PHX. Nothing beats an EC Sub. We found these sandwiched to be very bland and dry. I order their version of an Italian and I wanted "hots" which if you're from the EC you know what those are. They didn't have them nor know what I was talking about. My husband wanted a chicken cutlet, also apparently an EC anomaly, and they accommodated him by leaving the sauce off of a Chicken Parm but it wasn't quite the same.The place is very clean. The prices are good and the staff, who I assume were the owners were very nice. The place is definitely better than subway *barf* but sadly it didn't rock my world.
4	I decided to give this place a try after seeing positive reviews, and I have to agree that the subs here are quite good!What I really liked was that their subs are enormous. I am a guy who can usually eat a lot, but I couldn't finish my foot long sub, and it ended up being just as good leftover. I ordered the signature Gatti and it was delicious. I also ordered some cookies, which were good but nothing special. The prices are a little expensive, but not unreasonable. The employees were also very friendly, which I really liked. They were pleasant and helpful and it made me want to return!
4	Cute little place great sandwich! I very much enjoyed my Gatti on pretzel bread :-) & the staff was efficient & friendly. I'd recommend it if you're in the neighborhood!
5	Amazing subs! Incredibly friendly staff. No reason to go to any national chain with this local shop around the corner!
4	I ate here today with my sister and picked my dad up a sandwich also. We all three got pastrami, bread was fresh and the sandwich was delicious, and the service was really good, nice guys. The prices also reasonable. Overall I would definitely come back and try the others subs!
5	The service is great, the guys are attentive and quick. More importantly the sandwiches are great. Excellent bread (I had pretzel bread), veggies are fresh, a nice selection of dressings, and the meats and cheeses are plentiful. The price is on par with Subway but you get a far superior sandwich. Get them toasted or cold, and they have all the options and upgrades you could ask for. I know the cops in the area like to lunch here, I'll be sending my firefighters as well. We know good food!
5	This sub shop has the freshest sandwiches around. I like to try a different sub each time and they have been all great with plenty of meat. The bread is also very fresh. The sandwich makers are always friendly and use plenty of fixins. I find myself coming back here every time, even though a subway is much closer.
5	Fresh sandwiches and superb help make this place a great place to have family gatherings. Very good cannolis. Will definitely return!
5	Hands down the best sandwiches around. Fresh, tasty, and big enough to share. Plus the customers service is great. These guys are friendly and know how to treat their customers. I come by here for lunch at least once a week. Can't beat their prices especially the sandwich of the day deal.
4	I love this place! Their subs are awesome.. soo much better than subway. Ingredients r fresh n prices r comparable.  I love going here and supporting a small local business. Him and his wife own and run the shop- small mom and pop op.   They have a punch card too which is better than subway. Ive had the gatti which is good but a lil strong to me. We usually get the turkey ham and bacon. The only reason this isnt five star is cause they really need to work on how their menu is presented. Wayyy easier to look at flyer than it all bunched up on those dry erase boards. The first time i went in, it took a while for me to read and decifer bunched up writing and pricing.  Regardless, service and subs r top notch!
5	I usually don't go to these kinds of sub shops. Subway and paradise bakery are my places. Decided to come here after blazing all night. Pretty good food. Had the pastrami which was good. Gf had turkey and bacon which she liked. Ill come here again.
5	This is the best locally owned sandwich place I've ever been to.  They are honest and very kind. The sandwich meat and veggies are quality and taste very fresh. Their bread (which is fresh) is the best bread I've never had in a sandwich anywhere. The place is smaller but that doesn't change a thing. It is more expensive then subway but you pay for what you get and is rather have Gattis any day. Oh and their cannolis are to die for! Yum!
3	Went in after shopping to pick up a sub to go yesterday. Clean and quiet place, but somewhat small and the order board is a cluttered mess.Also, I'm assuming the owner must be from New York as he failed to leave the attitude there when he moved West. He was ornery, curt, and pretty much regarded me like something stuck to his shoe. The exact opposite of the way he was talking to a supposed regular there whom was in front of me.The food was fresh and tasty, but I'd rather pay less at Subway and not get the free side of attitude.
5	Great sub shop. The food is really good and fresh. Definitely a great place to go whenever you have the urge for a sub sandwich.
5	Been hearing about this place for couple months. My place to go is usually any of your top chains. I walked in and was greeted promptly and friendly. Easy menu after I got the hang of it. And the owner is really from New York a us for me as I am too. I am super picky with cleanliness and this place is clean. Came home and started eating and man am I in New York heaven. I love it. Omg I can't wait to go back and take all my family and friends.
4	Ate here a month or so ago and totally forgot to review it... I was impressed. Sandwiches were very good. Lots of meat, produce was fresh, prices were fair and the owners(?) went out their way to make us feel welcome. I'll be back.
1	I read all the reviews before I came in today. This place has almost 5 stars? Are you kidding me? First of all the guy working the counter ( said he's the owner) had a horrible personality. Kinda rude. Extremely slow. Second, I had the worst Philly cheesesteak I have ever ordered. The meat, bell peppers and onions were just barely warm & were microwaved! Gross! I ordered it with bacon and the guy forgot to put it on. Extremely overpriced for a sub joint. I've had much better from Stevie's, Chiba Hut, Jimmy Johns, & Firehouse. Sad to say but even Subway is better. Very disappointed!
5	First time here, went for a quick bike ride and wanted to grab a easy sandwich. I got the BLT with avocado added and it was DELICIOUS! I love supporting local small businesses and it helps when it's absolutely delicious as well!
