4	9/24/12 Update:  I just returned home from my trip, and called the hotel about the error in billing.  It was handled promptly.  I am upgrading my rating  to reflect the quality of the room itself, not the office staff.  The room was clean, and the bed was comfortable.  The breakfast was good, and offered a variety of hot and cold choices.  Great place to stay just outside Phoenix.9/13/12I just had a charge for my room from this hotel show up on my credit card, even though it was pre-paid through Expedia.  Too be fair, I haven't called them about it since I haven't returned home yet, so I don't know how hard it will be to get my account credited.  I will update as things progress.  At this point I'm annoyed because it shouldn't have happened in the first place.
5	Friendly Staff, Clean Room, Gym, Full Breakfast with coffee! WinOnly gripe I had was that the pillows were uncomfortable because they were more like throw pillows, but I just prefer flatter pillows anyways.The best place to stay in Casa Grande.
1	Don't Judge A Book By Its Cover!  WORST night's sleep in 2 weeks of traveling!We thought we'd hit the mother lode here!  The reviews were great, the building was new, it was beautifully decorated, and it had really nice little touches throughout.  BUT there was no soundproofing!  We heard the baby cry next door at midnight, and then again at 1:00.  We heard the people in the reception area - down the hall - at 3:00.  We heard the people in the breakfast room - down the hall - at 6:30.  We heard every word of our neighbors' conversation at 8:00.  The refrigerator was loud and kept going on and off all night.  The room even had an echo if we raised our voices!  I was shocked that such a new building had absolutely no soundproofing!  Unfortunately, all the noise made for the worst night's sleep we'd had in 2 weeks of traveling.Impeccable details:- the bed was comfortable (except for the plastic mattress pad)- the pillowcases were labeled "firm" and "soft" to make it easy to distinguish - the room smelled great - coffee AND tea bags in the room - a night light in the bathroom! - a list of TV stations The ugly:- the tile in the entryway and the bathroom was sticky - long, dark hairs found throughout the bathroom- the plastic mattress cover was a nice idea to preserve the mattress, but made the bed far too hot for a comfortable night's sleep - breakfast: rubbery scrambled eggs and the English Muffin was so hard you could have used it for a hockey puck
4	We had an extended stay here when we relocated to Casa Grande.  The staff was so nice and helpful while we were in a stressful situation.  Room was very clean, free breakfast was good.  Pool was clean.  They are pet friendly.  Totally recommend!
2	Its Arizona....a little weird...but they are cordial!
5	Great Pet Friendly place got a good nights sleep before heading back home and so did the pooches!  Breakfast didn't start until 7 am which I thought was late for travelers most start at 6 but whatever it's clean and easy on and off the fwy.
4	Manny in the coffee shop is GREAT!!! Always has a smile, makes a great cup of coffee, does a AWESOME job!!!He makes sure you get exactly what you want, and if he thinks you are not 100% happy, he makes changes so that you are!
4	We have stayed at the Holiday Inn Express multiple times, and we always find it to be just fine. Not fabulous, but fine. The breakfast bar is probably one of the best features with its wide array of hot and cold food including eggs, biscuits, sausage, gravy, pancakes, cereal, muffins, bagels and the like. The coffee is serviceable, and there are also many juices and milks. The property is fairly new so it is in good condition overall. I would say that every time we have stayed there when we take a shower then the room smells a bit stale. I think maybe it just doesn't get aired out much. You can only open the window about two inches (safety feature, I'm sure). Also, the window coverings are odd in that it has a sheer covered only on the outside edges by a heavier, light-blocking curtain that is apparently only there for decoration because it cannot be closed or pulled inward at all. We ended up putting a blanket over the window both nights we were there last for privacy and because we were on the ground floor and on the parking-lot side where lots of lamplights and headlights were shining in. It's the only hotel I've ever stayed at that didn't have privacy/light-blocking curtains that covered the windows. Another thing is that there doesn't appear to have been very good insulation installed between the rooms, because we were treated to screaming children, barking dogs, and a couple having sex mid-afternoon ("Oh, yes! Yes! Yes!") while we were trying to conduct a business meeting in our room. (By the way, we did inquire about the use of a conference room but were told it was $75/hour, even for guests. Yikesers.) Also, when we opened up the window to air it out a bit, our talking was almost drowned out by a worker power-washing the driveway area and various loud radios (not sure where those were coming from). Lastly, I forgot my pillow and when I called the next morning to inquire if it was turned in, the front-desk person transferred me to the laundry-room manager's voicemail saying they wouldn't be in for another couple hours. I've never had that happen before. Usually the front-desk people have the lost & found bin and know what has been turned in. Regardless, I still haven't gotten a return call. So, overall the hotel is fine for an overnight stay while traveling but just not the best hotel I've ever stayed in.
