4	I always shopped at another grocery store...until we moved to San tan valley that is. I had always thought that the stuff at frys foods were overpriced compared to their competitors, it turns out that is only partly true. Once I started reading the flyers and looking for deals, if you buy the stuff on sale, it will almost always be cheaper at frys. The problem is if the stuff you want isn't on sale. it can tend to be a little pricier but for the sake of convenience, its a price I am willing to pay.Onto this store in particular. Its always clean, always well stocked, the clerks are always friendly and I have never had one problem there. I like the quality of the meats they have and when I do have a question, regardless of what butcher I talk to, they can point me in the right direction. The other nice thing about this store is they have a gas station in the parking lot. using your frys points, you can get 10c off per gallon once you have spent a combined 100 dollars. Its nice to have the convenience of the gas station being right there. If I were to have a gripe about anything with the store, I would have to say it is with how busy it gets at certain times of the day. its to be expected when you are the only grocery store in the area but they should expect the rush and open more lanes of cashiers to handle it. I try to avoid going at those times (5pm after work, Saturday mornings) and since I do, its a nice experience as far as grocery shopping goes.
4	I love my Fry's but they seriously need to accept the fact that they are the only grocery store out here and need more cashiers! Love the personal coupons they send me in the mail. Clean and stocked store.
2	Since moving into the area (2yrs) now I have beein using this Fry's the people who work there seem good. I only problem is the meat counter they need to work harder for me to order meats from them. It seem everything is problem for them to do....they do need more customer's skills when dealing with the customer.The other problem is the "carts" in the parking lot people seem not to care about putting away the cart once they are done with it......Maybe people here are just plain lazy.
5	I've been to this place two three times total, and The first time was an Amazing experience. I noticed a steal of a deal. A black night stand for 30 dollars if you use the fry's card. Unfortunately, I left my money at home in another purse, so we came back later on that day to buy it. It was about 5 or so in the afternoon, and we went in and I grabbed two night stands. When we got up to the cash register, I noticed a woman who looked like one of those people who just wreak of anger. I was right.  My mother went ahead and slid the fry's card when I wasn't looking, so when the lady rang me up,  she gave me the total price and I leaned over and asked my mom "did you slide the Fry's card?" and my mom didn't hear me very well the first time I said it. I said it again "Did you slide the Fry's card?" and the lady leans over the counter, puts her toothless face in mine and says "YES SHE DID!" In the most RUDE, Horrible witch-like voice I've ever heard. I just stood there and stared at her blankly, like "did that just happen?" I didn't say anything, because I knew I was getting an AMAZING deal at the time, but the moment I got in the car, I started to freak out at my mom. "Did she REALLY just stick her face in mine and yell at me when I was strictly talking to you?" my mom acted as though she didn't notice, but I know she did. Besides that ONE horrible old hag, I've never had a problem here, at all. The deals are awesome, the store is bright, clean and smells fresh, and one time we even had a worker run (literally...he ran lol) across the store to a telephone to find out if a specific pair of flip flops were in stock or sold there at all. Unfortunately, they were not but we were very impressed by him going out of his way just to find out something as small as flip flops being in stock or not, just for us. Very kind man. I'm rating this 5 stars, because I am not going to let one old witch ruin the rating of a perfectly good store. Sadly, people's attitudes can effect the well being of a store's reputation, but I'm not going to let her do that because out of the times I have been there, she was the only problem/concern I ever had.  Definitely check out the sales on their furniture before shopping around at Target, Wal-Mart, Big Lots, Etc. 30 dollars for a nice, black, real wood night stand with a drawer in it is an amazing price!
1	Pickup some T-Bones steaks that were on sale..............NOT GOOD VERY TOUGH.. Not worth the money on sale.
5	Is this a Super Fry's???? I mean they sell everything here from TVs, Video Games, BBQs, Flowers, Sushi.....The meat counter is always packed but they have a computer setup so you can put in your order and come back for it later after all the shopping is done. I love this Fry's it has lowest prices and I don't have to go to Walmart to price compare their great deals. I don't really have much else to say other than if you want it, you can get it here. Give it a try and replace Walmart!!! Keep things local, walmart buys from China!!!
5	Very nice grocery store that sells pretty much everything. They've got your needs covered.
2	This Fry needs to stay on top of rotation of veggies. Again the Campari tomatoes on the vine were spoil only 1/2 day. These are expensive tomatoes you would think a couple days of being okay in the refrig. This is the 3rd time with these tomatoes from Frys. The food bill are high enough that the Fry's business should make sure that the customer gets top products for their dollars.
5	I now live by this grocery store. My only complaint is that it's so stinking BIG! I love the sushi bar and the selection is always great! Best Fry's Marketplace I've been to.
4	Good prices, fresh produce, and normally low gas prices. When the carts are put away its not a bad place to shop. Seems lately like they have let some cart attendants go, the place is a maze of carts. Probably be better if lazy people would put their carts in the corrals, but people are lazy. Those extra few feet of walking to put the carts away would probably help our obesity rates here in the US, but, I digress.
2	Today's experience at this grocery store was not a good one.  Found everything that I had come for, and did it in record time . . . now the issues.First, the aisle that I chose to check was having card reader issues . . . finally after about 50 card swipes the reader finally accepted my card . . . this was a good thing because I did not have any cash on me.Second, now there still sit my groceries . . . unbagged.  This is not the first time this has happened, but with no other grocery stores close . . . it is my only choice.Holpefully, they will get these issues fixed . . . I miss the old Fry's Marketplace with the greeter, the friendly service, and no issues . . .
5	This is seriously the nicest fry's I have ever been to! My niece just moved out this way and I stopped on my way back into civilization. Clean, bright, and some really unique stuff. Great selection of fresh produce, meats etc. They also have lots of household items like kitchen gadgets, furniture, plants, wall art, etc. I found so many items that I loved and am glad this isn't closer to my house because I would spend way to much money here!!! Great store for grocery shopping.
5	I really like the shopping experience you get a Fry's. So much cleaner and relaxing than going to Walmart.  I also like that they have more than just food (lots of furniture, outdoor items, etc)
1	The pharmacy at this location is horrible and they do not care about their customers. I recently dropped off a narcotic prescription at 10:45, I was told it would take 2 hours and to come back at 12:45. I came back at 1:20 to pick it up and was told that it was still not ready and to try coming back around 2:00. First, I think it is extremely unprofessional of the pharmacy to keep telling customers to come back later after they are given a time. If you are telling your customers that your prescription will be ready at such time, then it is your responsibility to make sure that happens. There has to be some semblance of order when putting together prescriptions. I use to be a pharmacy tech and I know that sometimes other people get pushed ahead of others. But continuously telling people to come back every 45 minutes to an hour and maybe your prescription will be done is completely off base and unfair to your customers. Fry's should train their pharmacy techs and pharmacists how to manage their time and how to actually tell time because it is obvious they only do what they want and not have any concern over their customers. Horrible pharmacy, try to go to Walgreens instead.
2	I was dragged to this store by a family member under the assurance that "I'd never seen a Fry's like this one - they have everything!" while I was getting the ingredients I needed for a small social party. What should've been a short thirty minute shopping trip turned into an hour and a half misadventure. While I did eventually find everything I needed, the way things were laid out made it a little difficult to find things compared to other Fry's I'd shopped at. A little difficulty with a different store is to be expected, but there was some things that were just outright strange.For one, produce were constantly falling off the shelves while I was in that section, despite there being no one within ten feet of it! I've heard of poorly stacked items, but it was getting ridiculous! On top of that, there was no fresh Basil in the store AT ALL. On a Friday night? Really?Then came the self check registers. I was trying to ring up Kale; it had a barcode on it, but no that locked it so I had to wait for an attendant. Okay, fine, it's a stock barcode, that's okay. I type in the code for Kale (it was on the sheet standing on the register) : You have a restricted item RX. I'm sorry, but WHAT?! After that, the machine locked itself so I couldn't even finish the last three items in my cart until a manage finally came over to take care of the Kale. Someone needs to fix those self checkout machines!
1	Again this Fry's needs new management at the Deli counter. The service is so slow with customer service and the ladies don't get it right when measuring/slicing the meat at the counter. They never pay attention. I stop a manager a couple times and pointed out the problem and it seem they are not getting it due to the fact you come back the next week and it the same old problem.
