3	Approaching the front of the building, I was instantly impressed with the theatrical lighting on the outside of the building, the foyer is large, ruby red and created a grand mood when I walked in. They even had large crystal chandeliers.  The theater itself is a nice size, not large, but sits on the medium scale. My seat for the Christmas production of the Nutcracker was on the third row, center and the view was nice. There didn't seem to be any room for live band or orchestra, but the sound system was full.
5	The Chandler Center for the Arts...some unkind soul might say, Hey, isn't that an oxymoron? Well, the answer would be No! you black hearted hipster! Welcome to my urban burb art center. The Center had it goin' on last night! I attended the Terry Fator show, the pre-show and the after party! So, it is all that !  Terry Fator , America's Got Talent '07 winner playing in downtown Chandler, next to the high school?! Apparently his very last gig before his $100M Mirage contract and very own stage goes up in lights in Vegas?! Hmmm, I have absolutely no idea who this guy is but I check out his youtube video and think, Wellllll, an evening with puppets, I've had worse! I also notice his youtube video has been viewed, ohhh, maybe a million times....So, my deductive reasoning skills kick in and I put it all together, big talent, small venue, I gotta be there!   I went all out, I bought the VIP package. Pre-party, meet and greet with the talent, attend the show, hang out after the show and buy the swag. We had a blast. So, Vegas it is not. No showgirls, no slots, and no crazy mixed drinks and poor decision making skills on public display but it was everything else, Entertaining, Big Talent, fun, great service, charming ushers, fun crowd....WOW! Here is the play by play and this is why it made it 5 stars and why am and treating myself to a whole set of tickets at the little CCA. First, it does have this '80s looking reception area with these massive dynasty looking Chandeliers in the front foyer. You do feel as if maybe Krystal or Jackie with some towering shoulder pads might be right around the corner. I like my art centers a little on the showy side, so I'm pleased. I could show up here in a tiara and blend right in! Our tickets are taken by the ushers, who appear to all be volunteers and look a lot like my elderly relatives. We cruise over to the bar, -I have my priorities- and the Trophy husband gets a beer and I have a glass of wine. Prices are average - $5. Then we enter the gallery and take a peek at the art while we wait for the meet and greet. The gallery is really nice and the art is interesting and local. I'm intrigued and lolly gag around looking like I know what I'm doing. The Terry Fator fans are a rabid bunch and as soon as its whispered he is in the building, people form a line. My glass is empty and I eye the line to meet Terry Fator and the line for the bar...no line for the bar. Guess, where I head..... We take a gander at the silent auction and soon the chimes announce we should take a seat. We sat 3 rows away from the stage, the sound was fantastic, the show was a sensation. I stand corrected this was way better than a night with puppets had any business being. The Mirage is a shrewd business negotiator. We hang out after the show, mingle with the people who sat around us and have a few laughs. I see people I know and people I kinda think I know...could be my neighbors! Terry is selling his swag and though I am not going to buy a puppet, I do feel like I had very entertaining evening, basically in my own backyard! I signed up for a membership...
4	Have seen a few shows here and am always impressed by the acoustics. The American Soul and Rock-and-Roll Choir played last night and were excellent.
5	The 3 Redneck Tenors....yeah, I wrote you it and read it and yes, it does say, The 3 Redneck Tenors. The name says it all, 3 male opera singers, who treat opera in a ridiculously irreverent way!  An amazing production that was just $35 a ticket. I sat 6 rows from the stage and had the absolute time of my life. Take a minute, buy some tickets at Phoenix Theater for them in June, kick yourself for getting them at the Chandler Center and next time join me! This was an incredibly entertaining time! Thank you CCA!
3	3.5 stars. Went to the Calo Flamenco show this past Sunday, brilliantly talented company of dancers and musicians.The Center just completed a year-long renovation this May, completely refurbished all 1,500+ seats, added guardrails and orchestra level handicap-accessible seating, and enhanced their central A/C system. The Chandler Symphony offers free concerts on monthly basis. The Center's programming schedule can be found here: http://www.chandlercenter.org/performances.html
4	Saw the Chandler Symphony this afternoon, and before that I saw Rick Springfield about a year ago. I really enjoy this venue. Comfortable seating, and small enough where there are no bad seats. The acoustics on stage while listening to the symphony were wonderful. It's a beautiful building, and we will probably be back to see more of the symphony as well as The Nutcracker in December.
4	The crystal chandeliers, upon entering the building, are very inviting. They also have a gallery inside that showcases some great art. Seeing one of my favorite ballets performed here was wonderful!I would love to come back and see another performance here.
4	My first time!  . . . to be inside . . . the Chandler Center for the Arts!  More specifically, the CCA Art Gallery.I was invited to attend the Artists' Opening of "Go Figure: An Exhibition of Figurative Art - 2D and 3D" by an artist friend who had several of her pieces selected to be included in this small, but carefully selected exhibit of local artists.The "Go Figure" exhibit runs through the 3rd week of October; but with new and interesting exhibits to follow. This small permanent Art Gallery is located in the same building just to the right of the main entrance to the Chandler Center for the Arts.  The next time you are attending one of the Centers fine events, why not come a little early and visit the Gallery? Have dinner down the street in Historic Old Town Chandler and skip across the street to the Center?  You won't be disappointed.
4	I really like this place -- the event staffers are very nice and there is always a ton of parking. I came here for the Scorpius show "Underwater" and it was breathtaking. The facility itself is nicely laid out with a small art gallery on the side and a lot of room for mingling both during intermission.-1 star because of the consession stand, which doesn not take cards. My friend had to get $20 out for a $2 water, with a $3.50 fee at the ATM and a $3.50 fee at the bank. FOR WATER.Anyway, it could have been easier to have a swipey card on the ipad thing, or something along those lines. Cash-only places just drive me up the wall.
3	Cool place. Good parking. Good for events and conventions. Not terribly convenient for food, but you can walk to San Tan when the weather's good.
5	This is an excellent venue for cultural presentations and live performances, as I found out when I came here last weekend to watch the Sleeping Beauty Ballet presented by the Yen-Li Chen Ballet School. The Center is easy to find and has a large parking area at the back. The Lobby is beautiful and brightly lit. The main auditorium is large but not cavernous so that those in the back rows still have a decent view of the performances, and the acoustics are excellent. Each of the two rear areas of the auditorium rotate 180 degrees (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chandler-center-for-the-arts-chandler?userid=24AzZDQKHySwMQR7VQVCAg#asbVPbuaxEOSuvlCsPlfqQ), forming two smaller separate theaters when needed.
4	I was wavering between 3 and 4 stars and what put them up to four was the art gallery that is connected to the theater. They had a pretty cool photography exhibit going on when the hubby and I went to see Swan Lake and so that was a nice bonus and gave us something to do during intermission.The Bad: The seats are small and somewhat uncomfortable and the rows are also very narrow so you have to step over people to get to your seats. That aside, I do like the fact that the small size creates a very intimate feeling. Just be sure not to get tickets on the side sections; you won't be able to see the entire stage. We were in section R1 in about the middle of row J and I feel like we missed a lot. Also, I didn't like the fact that the concession stand only takes cash but fortunately we came prepared.The Good: The theater is nicely decorated and has a very elegant feel to it yet at the same time the atmosphere is very relaxed. You will definitely fit in whether you choose to dress up or dress down. The ushers and staff seemed very friendly and knowledgeable. If you live in Chandler you can't beat the location because it is so close to all the restaurants and bars downtown so you can make a whole night of it. We actually parked in the dirt lot on the SW corner of Arizona and Chandler and so we were able to eat at the Italian place and then walk to the show.Bonus: In addition to the free cool art gallery that is open even when there is not a show going on, they also occasionally host free shows! How awesome is that! The Chandler Symphony has several weekend afternoon performances that are completely free and open to the public. I will definitely be checking those out in the near future.
5	This place has been here forever and is old, but for an old place, it's very comfortable.  Over the 2 decades plus, I've attended various events here from church sermons to rock concerts, to symphonies to plays to children's events.  I've loved everyone of them.  Though I love the state of the art places like the Center for the Arts in Tempe and Higley, they oldness of this in downtown Chandler is lovely, too.  And I appreciate all the volunteers that help keep that place and the donors.  It's in the heart of downtown Chandler and not a huge place, but enough for this town next to the historic Chandler High that some of my cousins went to many decades ago.The prices of events are also reasonable, so that is good.  Plenty of parking on the west side.Love the mixture of the old and new in downtown Chandler.
4	Great place to go visit and watch a show for two.  Parking lot was huge, so no worries of not finding a spot to park.  People who works there are usually very nice and can answer any questions you may have for them.
1	Last evening, we went to an event here and I had purchased 5 tickets through groupon. I admittedly made the mistake of buying one for the wrong date for my child for a circus. I called once I noticed the mistake and was told I would have to purchase another one. I asked if the general manager( their boss) could call me back ( she never did.) Then when we arrived at the event they again said we would have to buy another ticket and at that point the general manager stepped in.  I asked why I had to pay again when they had already gotten paid for the ticket and that the event was over 1/4 unsold so they clearly had extra tickets!!!! ISN'T THAT STEALING PEOPLES MONEY!!!! THIS PLACE HAS EXTREMELY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE, ESPECIALLY CONSIDERING IT WAS A TICKET FOR A CHILD FOR A CIRCUS!!!!!
