5	Before you read on I am reviewing two things in this establishment. In fact I have only ever sampled two things here (no sorry actually I have also had some shortbread and that was really good as well, but, let's face it, it is not the main event) Anyway, despite having a menu that always looks and smells delish, I save myself solely for their scones and their coffee.You see, if you have not had a Scottish/British scone you have not lived and the creations here are so far removed from the Starbucks imitations it is unbelievable. They are huge and homemade fresh everyday, served with homemade jams and jellies and 2 good wodges of butter.The jams and jellies vary everyday as do the scones. There are 2 varieties on offer, though one is usually a traditional fruit scone. I really enjoyed their apricot scone with rhubarb jam and hey, I don't really even like jam all that much!!The second thing I order is a coffee - yummo! (Edit - many apologies for that Rachel Ray moment there!) Really nice roast and well made.When we were back at Christmas I was gutted that it was really busy on the first day we were back, so we left it and went down to George street to do some shopping. We passed by a place called Wellington Cafe advertising freshly made scones, so since we missed out on Killimanjaro, we decided to give this a whirl. The scones were remarkably similar, served in an identical manner with gorgeous jam. We also saw that this place had been mentioned as one of the top 10 coffee houses in the UK (by the Times I think). We left pretty satisfied and glad we had found somewhere else that maybe served Killimanjaro scones and equally good coffee.Turns out that when we saw our credit card bill that the retailer was Killimanjaro coffee - Wellington on George Street and Killimanjaro are one and the same! Whichever you go to, you wont be disappointed!
3	Without doubt the trendiest and well-known of the many coffee shops in this area, Kilimanjaro offers a good choice of sandwiches, soups and cakes to go with their amazing coffee. Their prices for food however are not that reasonable in comparison to their rivals, and with very little difference in quality.In spite of that, this place is always buzzing and busy. Whether its the great coffee or the free wi-fi or it's convenient central location that does it is impossible to say, however I do know that trying to find a seat in here is very often impossible. Ignore some of the bad reviews circulating about Kilimanjaro, it is definitely worth going, but i wouldn't queue for a table here.
4	This place serves the best scones, made freshly every day. I have always been very pleased with their delicious selection of cakes and they serve a very good selection of cooked breakfasts and meals, all of very good hearty portions.The large windows make this coffee shop very bright and ideal for a spot of people watching and they also have Wifi. Add to this their delicious mocha coffee we have a potential winner.However, their prices are a bit high for a cafe in this area, and their service (despite winning many Scottish barista awards) has rarely been friendly. I realise everyone has bad days but every time I have been in here the different people who have served me are grumpy and seem annoyed at my choices. Once the guy even tapped the till loudly when my friend hadn't made her choice of coffee in 1 minute (she was looking at the menu) and there was no one else waiting to be served!Other than this minor thing, Kilimanjaro is a great place to chill out, have a good meal/treat either by yourself with a book or with company.
3	Kilimanjaro Coffee has a massive reputation in Edinburgh, and tries very hard to maintain its image about being a hip, trendy and book-ish place for academicals and artists to drink coffee and chat. However, cracks are beginning to show in the facade.Letrs start with the good stuff - there is a huge amount of coffee's to choose from, as well as food, soups and various cakes that are all very tasty and morish.However, maybe it is because of the hype inflating Kilimanjaro's ego, but the prices are sky high, especially since it re-opened a few stores down from its original position a few months ago. Even with these prices, the cafe is always full, meaning service can take a while, but you usually have absolutly no chance of a seat.Its a shame really, because this place really does do great coffee and food, its just the insane prices and lack of seating that drags it down.
4	Fantastic coffee, but with it's head firmly up it's arse, Killimanjaro is a prime example of the irony surrounding bohemian style coffee shops. They look to suck you in by cultivating an arty and academic atmosphere that wouldn't feel out of place in Greenwich Village or East Berlin, then fleece you senseless for a mug of tea and a fancy muffin with poppyseeds and shit like that on it.It also usually too mobbed to get a seat, and attracts a lot of Edinburgh Uni's more elitist students, who contrary to popular beief are actually quite nice people, but insist on talking loudly in often quite irritating voices.Not perfect then, but their cappuccino is utterly brilliant, so I keep returning.
4	Kilimanjaro is a great little independent coffee shop that has a great chilled out atmosphere and especially great to sit outside on a summers day and do some people watching. I really am a huge fan of people watching, especially armed with a huge mug of tea and a slice of cake.It's very popular so can often be hard to find a seat and I've had to go elsewhere many a time as it's just been way too full up. It's not such a big deal as there are ample coffee shops along Nicolson Street but I'd say this one has to be my favourite.In addition to hot drinks they also have a great selection of cakes and I'm always torn when deciding what to go for, I've never been disappointed though.I guess the only downsize is it's modest size but if it was any bigger it might take away from the charming cosy atmosphere that it has.
3	I've heard fond words about this place and was eager to try its coffee. Choosing the 'long black' I was content with the result but not blown away. Sure, it's a great alternative to Starbucks but not a place I would religiously choose again and again. I suppose it all depends on whether you have a passion for coffee or not.If not, then you'll probably just be as averagely contented as I was.
4	Like Fiona said, your never going to get a table in here but it's well worth going to check out. One little thing to add, I went about 10 minutes before they were closing and got some free cake that was just about to go out of date.That's quiet a homeless tip, but a tasty one.
5	I'm absolutely in LOVE with this cafe/restaurant!I read somewhere that it serves the best coffee in Scotland, which is a shame as I hate the stuff! Everything else I've had here has been great, and as I've had to pass it everyday for the last few months I've faced mighty temptation.Kilimanjaro's is very close to the Edinburgh Bargain Store, and a pretty cosy place to sit. Unfortunately, it could be bigger which means there's difficulties finding seating at times. The cafe is really cosy with a large leather sofa by the till, and old wooden chairs throughout. I'm a big fan of their soups, which they keep interesting; there are daily specials such as red thai and wild mushroom. However, a visit to Kilimanjaro isn't complete without trying one of their scones. And no, it's not a proper scone experience if it doesn't come with clotted cream! Morbidly, I always think of blood clots every time I'm plastering some on my scones...
4	Another independent coffee shop that's popular with students and locals is Kilimanjaro. A quirky place with wooden tables and chairs, a cosy leather sofa and black and white pictures, it has a homely atmosphere despite the constant stream of new customers. There's free Wi-Fi, a bookshelf with newspapers and paperbacks and a reasonable selection of drinks, cakes and light snakes. I'd usually prefer a brownie to a scone but Kilimanjaro is the exception as their scones taste delicious and are served with generous dollops of real butter and jam. The coffee is pretty good too but lacks the depth and flavour of Artisan Roast.
5	I love my coffee. Correction, I love my flat whites. If you are an antipodean looking for a flat white worthy of being served at any cafe in Wellington, then this is where you'll find it. Every coffee generates a satisfied sigh: it's just a strong and just as hot as it should be, and the coffee is never burnt. Of course the other coffees are also great, and the food is delicious: the Sunday brunch has all the trimmings, and the scones are moreish. There are lots of tables, and even a comfy leather couch, but it does get busy. What else would you expect when they serve such a good flat white! Kilimanjaro is definitely worth a trek across town.
4	The staff has changed and the cappuccino is deliciously smooth! If you find a spot to sit you are in luck!
3	I'd heard so many things about Kiliminjaro Coffee house that when the caffeine cravings kicked in, it was here amongst all the other coffee houses on Nicholson Street that choose to spend my pretty pennies in.First impressions inside? Cosyish, although slightly weirdly laid out. The carrot and banana cake looks delicious, and I can see why others have said the scones are the best in town - they're huge! Not as big a cake selection as I normally like though.I was only ordering to go, a black coffee. The coffee here is nice, strong (really quite strong) and their regular size is smaller than S'bucks (sorry guys, the comparison can't help but be made!) but I'd say the quality was far better.The guys behind the counter were pleasant, although I  know of wanted more out of them, y'know? Like a little banter. Still, can't complain.As there's no wi-fi, I won't be stopping in here for the long haul anytime soon, but would happily stop by for another coffee (and maybe one of the scones...)
4	I did prefer their previous venue but the coffee is very good. I used to go sometimes after playing tennis on the meadows.  The tray bakes are also lovely. It can be a very busy little place.
4	I was very happy with my cappuccino here. They add cinnamon before pouring in the milk. I don't know if this is a European thing or if the espresso needed it, but everything tasted good. The foam is thick and textured. Also the veggie Scottish breakfast is excellent.
5	they use the same fresh 'square mile' beans and serve the same genius coffee as others owned by jonathan sharp (press, wellington, project coffee). with kilimanjaro you get the fab coffee with more of the relaxed hub bub of nicholson street in contrast to the suit meets designer gear of george street (which is still fab!) of wellington. kilimanjaro also has a couch to slouch into...
5	If you live on the southern end of Nicolson St, this feels like the first burst of civilization before South Bridge.  I was quite impressed with the friendliness of the barista last time I was here, which was last Wednesday night.  He really went out of his way to make sure we got our coffees in a timely manner, and he bid my two friends and I a pleasant farewell when we left.  Since I'm accustomed to getting summarily ignored by baristas in Edinburgh, I was rather taken aback by this, but maybe it was simply because he found one of my friends to be particularly attractive.)  I suppose I'll never know, but regardless I've always had good experiences here.  Thanks, Kilimanjaro-- you made our night.
4	It doesn't have wifi. I use wifi a lot. For my job, likes. Yet I still choose to come here, get a pot of tea, a breakfast roll and mooch for a few hours. Despite the random dub-step intertwined with Bon Iver on the stereo, it's prime mooching location on Nicholson Street for people watching and scone gazing (they have amazing scones). The coffee is also some of the best I've tried this end of town. Super strong.Although be warned. They put garlic cloves in their tomato with the breakfast. Coffee + garlic cloves is not the freshest start to the day.The staff are friendly, it's warm, it's comfy in a worn way and I like it alot.
4	In my search for a place that would serve up some good coffee I ventured to Kilimanjaro Coffee - it was a bit far (from where I was staying) but decided to head here after having been to the Parliament. The place has a pretty relaxed and laid back feel and if I understood it correctly the area is fairly close to the university. Only went here once and it appeared to be very popular, packed with people so no available seats, and it looked like the type of place where people sit for hours (perhaps students studying or just slacking). So since there were no available seats we went for a quick espresso (very good) at the counter and then ordered some beverages to go.I had a cortado and the rest (I did of course taste theirs as well) went for the flat whites. The cortado was prepared according to my wishes so a perfect blend of coffee and milk. They use Square Mile Coffee so the beans are good and the people working here now what they are doing. Still would say that Wellington serves a slightly better coffee but the service is friendlier at Kilimanjaro. The Flat White was however a bit off - first it felt is they had too much milk (or too little coffee) and the milk appears to have been steamed slightly too much but do hope that it was just one mistake.
2	Look, I'm not about to bitch and moan and say that everything about this place is bad. It is, in fact, a rather solid place to have a coffee. As in, if you'd like a forgettable coffee in a forgettable setting served by forgettable service.However, what I find unacceptable is that my favourite soup, the one I look forward to (the Red Thai Chicken) tasted not just bland, but actually watered down compared to Press Coffee. I have this thing about my soup, I like the soup to be, I don't know, soupie. If I wanted a bouillon, I would have ordered it. Now I go to Press Coffee a lot, mainly because I like the staff (same as Kilimanjaro I think), the ambiance, and the coffee, but the reason I go there is my soup (notice the snotty possessive). Never-have-I-ever been disappointing by Press Coffee's Red Thai Chicken. So when I popped in to Kilimanjaro, and noticed the sign for my favourite soup, I took some home with me.I am now a very sad Lou. Imagine me, if you will, looking misty-eyed out of the window (violin? Anyone?). You see, I thought me and Red Thai were at the very least going steady, but today I found that apparently he's just not that in to me. You see, he was watered down, a fraction of his former self. It just wasn't the same soup I've fallen in love with. Also, there was a strange piece of chicken in the soup that not only looked processed (or as if it had been snipped with tongs) it had bone in it, actual sharp bone that pierced my mouth. I took at my tongue-ring for a reason, I would not like it back while eating soup, but thanks for trying.I have also had previous experience with this place serving me some accidental gristle with my bacon, but thought it was a fluke. Apparently not so much.I'll stick with Press Coffee, thank you very much. I'm not impressed with Kilimanjaro.Let me go stare out of that window a little more, I'm nowhere near done pouting.
5	Big up to Kiliminjaro. They're really popular, they've got a constant inflow of both regular locals, tourists and right now, the new student Freshers population. They have a solid menu, with their big Kili breakfast, breakfast rolls, scrambled eggs, as well as 4 different soups each day, sandwiches, and tasty cakes.So when I asked if I could have something that wasn't on the menu, and the server seemed a little weary, it was understandable. Y'see, I was after poached eggs with bacon and potato scones. Rather than scrambled egg on toast. So intead of saying "could I have the scrambled egg on toast, but instead of scrambled could they be poached? And instead of on toast could it be potato scones? And could it also come with bacon?" I thought I'd just be up front and ask.And then my friend heard what I was having, and asked for the same.And then when it came, it was beautifully presented, as if even more effort had been made to go into it. A little fan of spinach at the side of the plate. And the eggs were poached perfectly. It made my wee day.Kiliminjaro was always one of my go-tos for a breakfast, or roll, or just a coffee, in this part of town but this endeared me to them even more. Kudos.
5	I actually got Kilimanjaro recommended to me by an employee at another coffee shop. He just said, "you want to get real coffee, hit up Kilimajaro." Boy was he right. I have been back several times between classes at Uni and its the perfect place to chill and read a book. The panini's are amazing as is their coffee.
5	I might have been staying half an hours' walk away in the New Town, but when I wanted actual, drinkable, enjoyable coffee during last years' Edinburgh Fringe, this was the only place to go. As someone who bought, drank half of and then disposed of about 60 god-awful-why-can't-Edinburgh-get-some-bloody-baristas coffees during the month of August 2012, I ended up making this pilgrimage across the city quite a few times. Broken people need coffee, and the Fringe has a habit of breaking people on an almost nightly basis. This year I am booking my accommodation to be closer by.
4	I'm super-finicky about orange juice, but this morning as I bimbled aimlessly along the street, I had a bizarre and sudden craving for a big glass of the stuff. Boy, was I lucky to be on Nicolson Street when the craving descended: I definitely hit the right joint.This might seem an odd thing to rave about in a coffee shop but... the ORANGE JUICE, people. It tastes of ORANGES. When they say freshly squeezed, they absolutely mean it, and you only pay the same as you would for stuff from a carton or bottle in a restaurant. I'm seriously thinking of going back again just for another glass of the stuff.For those of you less inclined to be citrically overawed, there are of course other details. The service was jovial but unintrusive. The bacon was jolly good too. There's also more seating within than you might expect from a glance at the frontage; it's compact, but not crowded. At first, I was going to say that my pot of tea was fairly generous too, since it did me two and half cups, but the cup was actually weeny. Nonetheless, it's that juice that sticks in my mind like a jug of sunshine. Tasty, tasty sunshine.
4	Great little coffee shop. Does a good selection of lunch options. Recommend their dhal soup & home baking.
4	Spectacular breakfast plate. Was properly impressed and given so much food that I could not consume it all (see photo). Good cuppa to go along with it hit the spot perfectly. Will definitely be back here. I liked the look of the cakes too, though I didn't scoff any on my first visit. Only downside? Very, very busy at lunch time and practically had to shout in order to have a conversation, ooft! But pick a less hectic time of day and you're probably on for a winner.
4	Kilimanjaro Coffee is a great little lunch spot when out and about in Newington and around the university. It's a  handy place to meet friends for lunch, grab some brunch or catch up over coffee. They do a scrummy Chai latte and always have a great selection of different soups (much more interesting than other lunchy places). They also do a tasty eggs benedict. As it's such a good spot for lunch, it does get very busy around lunchtime and can be hard to get a table. I suppose that's a good sign though!
3	Spinning my bike through Edinburgh, and looking for a good cup of coffee,...I find some good ratings for Kilimanjaro, so must give it a try.An Americano.  Double long shot.  Long Black.  40% La Serrania, Colombia; 40% Ayichesh, Ethiopia; 20% Santa Ana, Brazil.Some of those lemon, nutmeg, and persimmony notes that lover of lighter roasts love, but which, for this less witty tongue require a bit of milk to soften the pungency.  Doesn't embrace the chocolate, sienna darkness that I require in the morning, but a good cup nonetheless, especially if you're fond of tangier flavors.By the way, the scrambled eggs were perfectly cooked.  Along with the thick-cut freshly baked bread and bittersweet orange marmalade,....a pretty lovely way to start the day.
5	My friend and I had a killer brunch at Kilimanjaro Coffee. We were both tired from a night out at The Hive and were craving drinks and a big meal. I ordered the vegetarian breakfast and was not disappointed -- great portion and fabulous taste.
5	My last review was from 2012, and whilst the amazingness of Kiliminjaro hasn't really changed, their menu has with some really tasty new options.The Kili Breakfast is still there (a full Scottish breakfast with haggis, without the grease. Highly recommended), and the Benny, but now they have "the Fritters" and "the Shrooms". The Fritters are great for gluten-free option (I haven't checked to make sure they are really gluten free, but there's no bread). Courgette fritters that are fried, not deep fried, with poached egg, bacon, feta, avocado and beetroot chutney. Yes, it is as awesome as it sounds. The Shrooms are balsamic chunky mushrooms on chunky bread with poached eggs, and a hard strong Spanish-like cheese. Also amazing (but comes with bread so I can't get it as much).Their flat whites are still brilliant. Their scones are still legendary in Edinburgh. They still have four types of soup everyday (served before lunchtime). Their furniture is still rickety and mismatched. There's still no wifi. They're still really busy with students at all times of the day. And you can still order breakfast at whatever time you want.Kiliminjaro is an Old Town institution, and I love it all the more for their updated menu.
4	I'm one of those people who are "secretly healthy". Sure I stuff my face full of fried things on the regular and wax poetic about full fat dairy everything, but I also have a cupboard full of supplements, active kelp enzymes and multi-vitamins, I wish I owned a Vitamix, I make smoothies with Manuka honey andI juice. It is my secret shame.Before my big move, I juiced fruits and veggies daily but haven't quite made my way to buying a new juicer here in Edinburgh. Instead, I scour the city looking for fresh juice alternatives, that can tied me over until I get my own and Kilimanjaro takes this top spot so far.My only real complaint with this place is that it doesn't have wifi, or else it would coast cleanly into a five star range. It's a great little spot for a meeting and the food here is fresh, but filling. The coffee is good - not being a coffee geek myself, I can't speak to HOW good, but I like it. So that means it's half decent I suppose.But the nicest surprise of this spot is that it boasts some decent fresh juice, including GASP - some greens. Green juice just doesn't seem to be a thing that's caught on here, so I applaud them for taking the reigns on it. What's more, the juice is fairly priced and seems to be juiced to order (which fellow juice geeks will know is mucho important).All in all, it's a happy little find for my secret health nut ways and though it's a jaunt and a half away from my house, I will definitely make a point to stop in when in the hood.
