3	"Susan, why didn't you just go to the library around the corner from us?"   So were my husband's words after I wiped out on my bike while en-route to returning books at the main Carnegie Library in Oakland!Actually, I do prefer the main Library to this one simply because it is much larger and much more fascinating to visit.  But this is a very nice branch, even though it is in a very ugly structure that includes a parking deck.  The staff here is very helpful and the selection is what you'd expect in any neighborhood branch.  If you are in a hurry and want to drop off books, or if you need a good work of fiction to get you through your next two weeks of summer fiction, then this branch of the library certainly will do.
5	Great local library! Beautifully redone in the past year or two. Has a drive-by book return in the parking lot underneath.
4	I've got to update and upgrade my review here. Not only has it been almost three years since I've reviewed it, but the CLP has done some serious renovations over the past few years. How could I, a bibliophile (thanks to my librarian mother) who uses the library regularly, have been so remiss? So my sister-in-law called me up and asked me if I'd like to take my niece Allison to the library today to help with a project on Mark Twain. Would I?! Are the Beach Boys over the hill?  Does Ticketmaster still rip people off?  Did Steinbeck and Dickens write good books?  Asking me to help someone find a book is like asking an etymologist to find words.  Allison's at the age now where she's using the adult section.We also saw a fine program today, "Hurricanes, Lightning and Tornadoes, Oh my!" featuring Dennis Bowman from KDKA-TV.  He gave several weather related demonstrations including how tornadoes are formed and how weather balloons work.  Who says libraries are obsolete?
5	I go to this library at least 3 times a week to tutor, and afterwards I always spend time to read there. This Carnegie Library in Squirrel Hill is located strategically, has kind and helpful librarians and they keep things neat and clean! Love it! Unlike the one in Oakland, this particular library is rather noisy. You can hear people talking here and there, but for somebody who needs to work in a quiet place, the noise level doesn't bother me at all. You can always find a table to work at. Street or garage parking is available, bus stops are right across from the library, after-hour return box is located in the parking lot underneath. Generally speaking, I'm satisfied with Carnegie library. Their online catalog is easy to navigate, hi-speed internet is available, spacious, and the selection of books and movies is excellent! Hopefully the city budget cuts won't have any significant effects on the public library.
4	I forgot how much fun a library can be.  So much I had to visit it twice in the week.  It has been years since I stepped foot into a library, what with all the media at our fingertips from our computers to our phones we forget about these oases that are filled with free knowledge.  It was nice to just putz around inside the walls of this library.I filled out an application for a library card and thought to myself that I would come back at another time and pick something out.  On my way out however, my mind had other plans.  I saw a book I've been wanting to read for a while and been too stingy to buy it.  Lo and behold with my new found power of the library card, I was able to take that book with me that day and I'm already halfway through that book.  Not to mention if you need to get on the Internet in a pinch you can do it here.  Even at it's busiest, I think there were still free computers to use.  If you haven't been to a library branch lately, you really ought to get out and discovery one soon.  It's quite the eye opening experience.
4	This library has it all. A HUGE selection of book and has been remodeled in the past two years. There are plenty of resources and a great place to study. It have a convenient location overall and very easy to find.
4	For the past two years, I've walked right on past this library, never bothering to step inside, even though I love libraries and books and am always looking for a new quiet place to study.Started studying here every day a few weeks ago, and I love it. It can get a bit noisy, and there are a lot of kids everywhere, but there are plenty of tables and a whole lot of sunshine. Also, there seem to be a lot of random community activities that go on, including yoga in a back room (?!). The library doesn't have the biggest selection of books, and it can get quite crowded. However, if you're looking for somewhere to study and have a good pair of noise-canceling headphones, you should definitely check out this library in Squirrel Hill.The hours are kind of weird, so make sure it's open before you head on over. It closes at 5 on Sundays, Mondays, Fridays, and Saturdays.
5	Besides being an exceptionally cool place to visit - their online selection, and delivery, is fantastic.For example - I LOVE books on tape.  I go to their website - order a book on tape and have it delivered to my local branch.  Listen, return, repeat.The also have them available for download to you iPad, iphone, etc.
5	The staff at the Squirrel Hill branch are incredibly friendly, and the library is always clean and organized.
2	My purpose for using this library is for work and to occasionally check out a book.  As a consultant I often have time that I "work from home" and this library is my go-to spot for getting out of the apartment and working in an environment where I don't have to buy a coffee every day.  While this library is very nice in that it is clean and very aesthetically pleasing, it drives me nuts in almost every other way possible.  Pros:- attractive space- plenty of tables to read/study/work- internet service is fairly fast for a public spaceCons:- The entire library is one open space in which sound travels fascinatingly well.  Whoever designed this building is an idiot.  - The staff couldn't be less concerned about controlling the noise level.  - I've never seen more poorly mannered children in my entire life than in this library. - I dare you to walk into this library looking for a specific book and walk out with it.  Save yourself the trouble by finding it on their online catalog and having it sent to the library.
5	Superb. If you find yourself walking down Forbes Avenue in Squirrel Hill with unsettling nasties from that lox and cream cheese omelette you ate ten minutes prior, look no further than the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, Squirrel Hill Edition. The public restrooms in the CLPSQHLL are beautifully decorated with all the modern touches. The tiling work - breathtaking. And the orange shade of paint is unexpected but really, so chic. I felt right at home in the toilet stalls as I vomited the Uncle L.E.O (Lox, Eggs and Onions, FYI) Omelette right back into the universe. The stall size is pretty accommodating for such practice and the toilet seats are clean as a whistle - just waiting for you to wet your whistle!!! You'll find no other bathroom users will bother you in the process. In fact, a small French child may crouch down beneath the stall door to ask if you are okay being sprawled across the floor of the bathroom. If you are feeling too ill to walk, rest your food poisoned body in one of the many luxurious leather lounges available, over looking a gorgeous view of the Murray Avenue Rite Aid. Don't mind the other library goers, they are too busy reading their graphic novels or Yahoo News to notice the possible vomit on your person. Just sleep it off until a librarian gently nudges you awake, because the library is closing in five minutes.
5	It's funny to review a library branch, but...this place is cozy, beautiful, and has a great selection. People of all ages hanging out in the various hangout nooks, reading or quietly congregating. Great teen area, great librarians and staff.  Bright, airy space - wonderful.
