1	Never Again! The place is filled with Ginzo low-classers that live there. UNBELIEVABLE! Out of all the rooms in the place, most of which were empty, they put us in the very back (a mile or so back) next to druggies that lived there and were up all night screaming and sitting in their cars smoking and shaking. And 1/2 of the rooms electrical outlets did not even work, the TV was unusable as it had no remote and the power button was gone. No refrigerator and no hot water. Really Right Now?
3	It was an alright place to stay. My room was clean and spacious. The bed was huge which was a plus for because I move around a lot in bed. They had and iron and ironing board which I needed desperately. Plenty of towels. Didn't have a coffee machine which I thought was standard now in hotels and motels; lose one star. They're "all-inclusive" breakfast consisted of cereal and store bought danishes; another star lost. And everytime I was in the lobby, the receptionists were dealing with some angry customer, either in person or on the phone. All in all, my experience was pretty good.
4	For the price, it's just what I expected.  The bed felt decent, clean bedspreads, spacious room.  If your looking for a comfortable inexpensive place to stay for a night or two, it fits the bill.I'm in the back, parking is pretty packed.
1	Pros: cheap, convenient locationCons: crappy a/c (in the Phoenix summer) and cockroaches in the bathroom.
1	This place is fucking garbage and should be condemned. First room I got was fucking filthy, internet drops in and out and the dumb motherfucker at the front desk is NO help.
1	**Stayed 08/05/2014**Booked this place using booking.comNow, sometimes you read the reviews and think " the clowns were just picky, it's Super 8 not the Hilton."Well, this time... SHOULD'VE LISTENED TO THE BAD REVIEWS!!The motel looked a lil' run down when we drove up, front desk area had some "odd looking people" hanging out, talking and joking with who I asume is a maid worker.Decided to keep going with the transaction.. Should have RAN THEN. LoL.Our "non smoking" room stunk like massive smoke and funk. The floor was stained, dirty and literally crunchy, didn't walk around barefoot AT ALL, wore my flip flops the entire time... Even as I stood up out of the bed (used them as a mat.) The bathroom had cigarette burns on the edge of the tub. There was mold on the wall beneath the sink area. There was old gunk stuck to the sink, like it had'nt been cleaned in weeks ( or more o.O)If not for having been dead tired, would have left. Only stayed that one night and LEFT!
1	DO NOT STAY HEREI stayed here awhile back, and it was absolutely disgusting. Their customer service is appalling, and they require that you pay a $10 deposit in addition to your room rental.  A bunch of low lifes seem to live there, and the rooms were shabby and run down.  I walked around my room in my socks, and they were muddy.  The carpet is stained, and the armchair was oozing stuffing.  There's another super 8 motel down the road and there are dozens of places around.  Go stay at one of them.
