4	For years this Jack in the Box has sustained me through college, when I was working and now that I am back in college. The staff is solid and food always consistent with Jack in the Box quality. (Yes you can read this anyway you want)When it comes to late night eats and you are to lazy/any other excuse you can think of not to walk into one of Las Vegas's many 24hr establishments, the Jack in the Box drive-thru is like a safe haven in the middle of a dark, vast wasteland of hunger
5	We frequent this JIB location as it is super close to our office. I think it is kind of scary when the JIB associates start to recognize you at the drive-thru, but that is us and the associates are always great! Their service may be slow at times, because they do make everything [or as many items as possible] fresh.
5	It was Friday night (11/16) and I was starving and tired and ready to go home.  After picking up my son, we decided the drive-thru at Jack in the Box was exactly what we needed.He loves their chicken strips, and I'm a sucker for their Ultimate Cheeseburger.  Have you ever wanted different hamburgers to appease different cravings?  When I want a cheesy cheeseburger with lots of cheesy goodness - this is it for me!I love the Eastern location in Henderson - the folks there are great and my food is always good!  I also go to the Flamingo and Sandhill location for lunch sometimes.  There, the food isn't quite the same quality and there seems to be a problem with the speaker.Oh!  Need a little spicy cheesiness in your life (who doesn't?)?  The jalapeno poppers are soooo good!
4	Stopped to grab a quick bite between the man child's lacrosse games. He got the new Blazin' Chicken Sandwich and I opted for the Grande Sausage Burrito with Sriracha. The burrito was awesome and could hold it's own with any local taco shop's breakfast burrito. The Sriracha was a nice touch and added some great flavor. The order was served hot, fast and fresh and my burrito combo was just north of five bucks. Could possibly be the best five bucks I've spent in quite some time. A definite return trip in is order the next time I am in the area.
5	Friendly service, fast food and quality.  Thank you!!!
