2	First (and only) Half of Review: I happened into this dive bar/grill recently since it's near my NoPho / Ghettro-Center 'hood. Stackers gets points for having a few different beers on tap (Bass, I can't remember the rest) along with the regular boring finds. That's all I was there for at the time. I did not eat, but they seemed to offer a lot in the way of typical bar food. Maybe they have super delicious food, maybe not. I'll never know. There would have been a second half to this review. There would have been a follow-up where I found the place interesting enough to go back when I could sample the food, too, because I did find the place interesting enough to warrant that second visit. That's what I was planning to do as I sipped my beer. But there isn't going to be a second half to this review. It all came down to watching a skinny dude in a cap come in from out front -- obviously smoking cigarettes -- and proceed to gather ingredients and utensils and then actually make what looked like a big jug of tartar sauce, or something, and then prepping other items, WITHOUT WASHING HIS HANDS.!! This is inexcusable. Skinny cap dude was not the cook at the time, a young lady was at the grill, but he was doing prep work in the back.  The trouble seemed like only him, so I resist my temptation to hard-nose and give only 1 star, and give them 2 instead.I had so completely planned to go back and try out what seemed like it was going to be some good bar & grill grub, but I just couldn't bring myself to do so. Maybe if I were to run out of other places to check out I'll try it again, but not if skinny cap dude is anywhere in my sight. For me Stacker's has fallen before even getting a chance, like a barely played out game of Jenga ruined by a clumsy player.
3	I have been going to Stackers for over 3 years now, since I am in walking distance and enjoy the ability to crawl home after too many drinks. A month ago I would have given this super-friendly, laid back neighborhood dive 4 stars, but a recent hike in their prices forces my hand at 3. Pros: stiff drinks, great staff, friendly bar folk, cheap booze, pool table and a decent juke boxCons: just so-so bar food that seems to all taste kinda the same....weirdThe proximity to my home, cheap booze and free drink at 5 on Friday will keep me coming back for more. If you want to stop by, get there before happy hour because this place gets packed every day and finding a seat can take some time.
4	This place is great! Cheap beer and great food. The wings are huge and so good, and chaeper than any place in the valley. I have had many things on the menue and I would get all of it again. The little cutie cooking & wait staff are so friendly and have all been there for a long time. They are so much fun. It gets packed for happy hour so get there early. The only thing I would want here is more seats at the bar but there are lots of booths. Love this place I go here at least once or twice a week.
4	I just have to say again this place has the best wings in town Nobody gets them as crispy as they do. The sauce is your average wing sauce, its good not fancy with mild,. med, and hot but its not about the sauce its about the wing. I never dip my wings in ranch or blue cheese. The ranch is for the carrots or celery in my opinion.  God dam I find myself craving them at least once a week. The other thing I like here is the Chicken Philly. Freakin awesome. This place also has the cheapest beer ever. Love this place. The wait staff here are great and very friendly. Its funny cause I have been going here a while and everyone working here loves me but there is one lady that works here that likes me but hates me cause everytime I go in there I play some heavy metal on the juke box. I play the music cause welI I love heavy metal but also because she cant stand it when I play it. I get all the other waitresess to sing with me and she gets so upset and just rolls her eyes. I love it! lol
4	Stackers has the best wings that I have ever had........great Bloody Marys! Love this place!
4	Stopped by because it was in close proximity to where we needed to be that afternoon. Noticed it had decent reviews. For a "hole in the wall" the place is good. I though the staff was very friendly and we felt welcome right away. Food was good, though it took awhile to get given that they were not that busy. But thats ok, the company was good so it didn't really bother us.
2	Just what my buds and I were looking for, so we thought. A local style bar that's close to home has decent bar food and our favorite beer on tap. First visit and impression was an OK atmosphere, typical bar food menu but not so cold beer :( We all agreed that the chicken wings are excellent. The bar is dark wood and uncomfortable booths, the staff is friendly sometimes. The EVERYDAY barflies' tend to cheapen the place, maybe it is them that wear on the staff causing their lack of enthusiasm. Still I was compelled to return mainly because the tasty chicken wings and the proximity to home. Now here it comes at least 7 out of 10 visits our tab reflected drinks that we did not order! Hmmm, so I always asked the wait staff or bartender why? They were quick with their replies, their apologies and offers to fix it. OK that's great but on my last visit they tried to charge us for a pitcher of beer we did not order or consume, the first 2 that we did drink were at a different price, go figure. The tax on the liquor was nonexistent WOW! I am starting to believe that this was being done intentionally. Shame on me for returning, but sometimes you want to believe that it was truly an accident or anything but intentionally being ripped off or taken advantage of. Enough is enough; lame unacceptable excuses and the repeat offenses have left me and my friends angry. My friends and I are done with Stackers and will never return. Fair warning; keep track of your bill if you plan to visit Stackers. I give them 2 stars only because of the chicken wings! I do hope that the owner and staff will read this and take it to heart.
2	The wings are awesome, I'll give them that.  But it's in a bad location and reminds you that bar in movies where something is about to go down.My advice, get the wings to go and get out while the getting is good.
4	The thing to make stackers so great is the service --the ladies that work there work very hard, very fast, and they're always always friendly. also  their beer specials are great , they carry an okay House wine, they're always nice no matter how busy they are they're completely about serving the customer. I've never had a bad meal or bad service at stackers and you can come exactly as you are.One wish is that they would carry some local draft beers but that's the only thing I would improve upon.Update!!! They just got a fantastic IPAdraught beer!! Woo hoo
5	Delicious chicken wings!!!It's all I eat from this joint...They are not breaded (naked) and definitely meaty!!I'm there once a week. Neighborhood dive bar with amazing wings!!
3	I have been going here several times a month with friends and the food has always been yummy. But the last several times have been not so good. I usually order the grilled chicken salad and it is very good. This time the chicken was cold and dry I think they went out of their way to add water to the salad (very watery) the bell pepper was rotten or something, and the hard boiled egg looked bad. On the plus side the ranch was great as always. And everything seems to be way over cooked. Service is always good and so are the drinks. They have the best cheese curds and that is one of the main reasons we go but they have been out of them quite frequently lately so we must not be the only ones that like them.  I hope they start improving soon I don't want to find another dive bar. Another con is that the seats are pretty uncomfortable to me. If you go on Friday make sure to place reservations as the place fills up quick.
5	This has been hands down the place to go for hot wings! Always order them extra crispy, finger licking good! Also, I've never had a bad experience here whether its the staff or customers.
4	If I could describe Stackers in one word it would be "classic". It reminds me of that old show Cheers because literally everyone knows everyones name. The beers cheap, the foods decent enough (which means its awesome when your slightly wasted) and the environments relaxed.... what else could you ask for in a bar??Oh and yea, those 50 cent wings are some of the best in Phoenix,  try them!
1	Run down and gross.
4	Great neighborhood bar. Best hot wings in town. New happy hour times 2:30 thur 7:00 Monday through Saturday. Wings are 50 cents each with beverage purchase during happy hour. $2 pints and bottles of bud or Bud light. Domestic pitchers $3.25/5.25.Odell IPA,  Kilt Lifter,  Blue Moon on draft.
3	Here's the deal. I'm giving 5 stars to the staff because they are all awesome. They are always freakin' AWESOME. I'm giving 4 stars for the food. It's pretty damn good and especially so for more of a dive-type bar (which I LOVE dive bars). Here's the kicker... ZERO stars for the seating and most uncomfortable, po-dunk, cheap-ass, trailer park, homemade, ass-cramping booths I have ever had to sit in. In all seriousness, this place has lost business from my lunch crowd because we would often rather go eat lesser quality food and be comfortable than piss off our precious taints by sitting in those booths for mare than 5 minutes.To the owner, please, please, PLEASE, for the love of our backs, tear those crap booths out and put something comfortable in. I truly believe you will gain more business by doing so. Until then, you average 3 stars... I almost made it 2 stars just to spite your booths.
5	I have been going here for 7 years ... with family and friends .. Yes it is a little divey but like the slogan for this resteraunt goes " west phx best little kept seceret " this place has cheap beer , good selection of draft beer , and GREAT wings that during happy hour are either 40 cents or 50 cents !!!! The other food is good too !! Give this place a try I know ill be back for years to come ...
5	Highly recommend this family establishment best burger I've had anywhere all my life I go in often with a craving for there food the whole menu is amazing
4	Came here with a coworker tonight to have a beer and to celebrate me getting accepted to ASU. It's a nice little dive bar which I've never been to before but there's a first for everything!We sat ourselves and a waitress came to us right away. We got a pitcher of beer and she brought it out with ice cold glasses. I got their six piece wings and it took a while to come but it was amazingly delicious. I've heard many great things about their wings and now I know why! They weren't those pathetic wings that are super crispy and no chicken in them. They were "beefy" (for lack of a better word) and so tender. I can consider myself a fan.It was a nice little place to hang out, have a beer, and chow down on some wings. Will definitely be coming back again.
5	Bomb wings.  Great service.  Great prices.  Need to upgrade the tv's.  Feels like happy hour every hour.  Great hole in the wall feel and people are extremely friendly.  Staff remembers you from your first visit on.
