3	It's easy to miss this newly opened Sushi place inside the airport in the same location as the First In Flight Bar.Stopped in for dinner on my way back to DC from Vegas.
2	I know what you're thinkin ..sushi in an airport- that's dangerous! Well they had a 101 health code ranking so why not ! Well it left a lot to be desired .  Slimy fish ...messy rolls ...gross sweet chili sauce covering every inch . Maybe I just picked the wrong roll but I wouldn't eat here again.
2	Stopped here after I couldn't decide what to eat before my flight out.  I had never really noticed there was a sushi option at Charlotte Douglas, but I was sort of excited instead of having to eat any of the fast food fare.I ordered a tall beer, edamame, and 2 sushi rolls.  The server was friendly enough and there was a pretty busy Friday crowd going.  I think the best thing that this place had going for it was it's location:  around the flying mobile of various flying machines in the center of the terminal and also next to the grand piano (that someone was playing that night).  The lady was playing up-tempo contemporary pop songs on the piano and was quite good.  It was nice to listen and realize you are listening to Lady Gaga on the piano while having sushi.The beer was excellent, unfortunately that was the high point of the meal.  The edamame seemed re-heated... not really freshly steamed... and the sushi rolls had a "not-so-fresh" feel to them.  I'm sure they rolled them after I ordered, but the ingredients may not have been the best.I did manage to eat everything... but was left wanting since my bill came up to close to $40 bucks (for one person!).  Now I know eating sushi can get pretty pricey, but I think the concept of sushi + airport location made for a runaway pricing situation......  not to mention $10 for a beer!
3	One can only expect so much from airport sushi. While Hissho didnt make my mouth water, its a nice alternative to greasy food that seems to be the standard in airport dining in Charlotte. They have a grab and go selection right in front where.....wait for it.....you can grab it and go (pay first before you go of course) or you can sit at their tables and order off the menu. Umm, if you try to take a grab and go sushi and eat it there, they will give you attitude, just sayin'
2	1.5 stars.  I was excited as I rolled off my flight in the D concourse but the service only seemed to be for the carryout option at 9:30 (disappointing) and the take out was pretty crappy.  I've had average sushi before and this joint, while nestled in a hip and fashionable looking section of the concourse, had pretty below-average sushi.  Avoid, especially considering the price.
2	Ate here after passing by a couple times, decided sushi was a good thing in the airport.  Have waited a couple times to see if it's actually fairly consistent.It is.  Consistently bad.Bottom line is this... good for airport food, BAD for sushi.Rolls are soggy, as is the tempura.  Rice is nearly suffocating - like peanut butter around the roll.  Found a small rock / pebble in my roll today.Not kidding.Again - probably decent for airport food, just don't expect much.
2	Pretty bad but I guess I'm happy to have some options.  They have a guy making the sushi fresh, to be put into the little packages, but you can only buy the packages.  He won't make you a fresh batch.  This seems nonsensical.  There's no reason why, if I'm the only person there, that I can't just have the batch he's making, before they refrigerate it into stiff cold rice.  In any case, this is on par with say, sushi from Safeway.
5	This is sitting in the middle of Charlotte's Airport and it is the gem in this Queen City's crown. I was so happy to wait for my next flight with such a nice sushi option.  I really dug the ambience here with the piano being played right next to the venue.  The options were amazing but the service was STELLAR from a server named Jamie.  She did not miss a beat and I witnessed various customers openly letting her know how happy they were with her.  I also noticed that there was even one customer offering his business card to come work for his business! I am giving this score mostly because the service was so good but also because the sushi itself was good. Go get you some!
5	Great sushi - particularly when considering you're in an airport terminal in Charlotte, NC. Do yourself a favor if you like spicy and go with the CLT Roll but make sure you add some wasabi too if you really like spicy. The bar area also provides a full length power strip underneath so you can charge a multitude of devices. Given that CLT isn't the most charge-friendly airport this is a huge bonus. Draft beers are reasonably priced for an airport at $8 for a pint, but I'm sure if you wanted to drink cheaper, you could find it elsewhere. As my vote goes, I'll come back again when I connect in CLT.
3	The sushi here is pretty decent.  I've eaten at many sushi restaurants with sushi that is equal to or inferior to this "airport sushi."  The prices are a little bit pricey for the quality, but are pretty good if you consider that they are airport prices.  If I'm at the airport and I'm hungry, this is my go to spot.
2	I stopped here before my flight back home. I noticed there was a sushi option instead of the usual fast food and decided to go with the sushi - BIG MISTAKE! I should have had Burger King and maybe I wouldn't have had an hour and a half of stomach pains all the way from Charlotte to Newark! Don't get me wrong, the service was friendly and attentive. The waitress constantly checked up to see how things were going. But that's not enough for me to come back to this place. The sushi was absolutely HORRENDOUS!I ordered the edamame and the grand finale specialty roll (Shrimp Tempura, Avocado & Cucumber Topped With Spicy Crab Scallions, Red & Black Tobiko).  The edamame was OK, but not the best I've had. The sushi was horrible! Way too much rice around the roll (felt like rubber while chewing). The shrimp tempura itself was disgusting. It honestly tasted like cardboard. Despite the massive amount of soy sauce and wasabi I put on the rolls, the sushi still didn't taste like anything except for cardboard! That's when you know you have some stale sushi my friends! Please avoid at all costs! I know sushi is the healthier option, but if it's going to make me sick on my flight back home, I'd rather stick to fast food!
1	I have no idea what people in NC think sushi is, but this place is horrible. I understand that anything can be put into a sushi roll. But, please make sure it tastes good. Service was good, and our bar tender/waitress was always on top of us to make sure we were ok.I should have gone to the burger king across the way. Please look to revise your menu.
3	Well just a bit more than 2 stars.  I had one of the pre-packaged Tuna & Avocado Rolls while transiting through the CLT airport.  For the price paid and portion delivered, it wasn't bad.  The flavor was good and the size was ample.  Rice was getting a bit on the "firm" side but I didn't expect the freshest at 10:30am from their refrigerator case either.  The area was clean and nicely decorated.  Their sushi staff came in and started to prep for the lunch crowd and seemed nice when asked questions.Thumb up for:  convenience, price, portion size, atmosphere.
3	When you travel a lot, sometimes consistency is a great thing.Is it the best sushi you'll ever have? No. Is it possible to use the words "airport" and "sushi" in the same sentence without looking like a twit? Absolutely. To digress, the best airport sushi I've ever had is at Detroit Metro, followed closely by the one at Reagan. This place isn't perfect by any stretch. Just about any non-fish item is nuked-while-you-wait (like soup or edamame) and served on plastic. However, the fish isn't bad. Stick with the rolls. They're all fairly good and, from a frequent traveler's standpoint, consistent visit after visit. I've been eating here for several years now, and it's definitely one of the healthier options at CLT.
2	I was introduced to First Flight by my friend who is based in CLT with Nascar. He had to take me there because he raved over the sushi and the sake. When I was flying out of there not in my uniform I gave it a shot. It's strategically placed in CLT where the main food court is after security. Make no mistake, it looks like a bar. BUT you can get sushi and sashimi to go on the fly at the walk up area and pay at the bar. I just wasn't that impressed. I tried to keep in mind that it is sushi.. in a airport.. and IN Charlotte. Because I grew up near the sea where the sushi is still squealing , or whatever sushi would do if they could yell, I am, without a doubt pretty picky about my sushi. Sake is sake. It's strong..hot.. and can jack you up before flying if your not cautious. Well, I felt that way about the sushi. I don't care how sweet Carolina the staff is, and they all are! I truly hoped I made it through this 5 hour flight home with no sushi remorse.
3	Went past this place a few times in my travels and always was hesitant because what are the chances that you wouldn't die eating sushi from an airport in good'ol Charlotte.  One would think high.  Anyway, seeing that this place was always busy and being in a gambling mood I figured I'd check it out.  Tried the triple mango roll and was pleasantly surprised.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  Certainly not the best sushi I've ever eaten but better and cheaper than some "finer" establishments I've eaten at in my coastal home town.  Food is pretty fresh since they crank out the rolls and the atmosphere is nice with an occasional piano playing in the background. Been back a few times since then, and it hasn't disappointed yet so I would recommend it.
3	Very mediocre sushi, but it's my favorite place to grab a light bite at CLT since the other food court options all involve frying, gravy, cheese, or BBQ sauce. If you're taking out, make sure you grab a little plastic bowl from the bar to mix the wasabi and soy sauce.
2	Total regret.  That bad expired fish tossed and turned in my stomach and I spent the whole flight in the bathroom.  They destroy even avocado and cucumber rolls.  Thanks very much for cutting back on your staff and not keeping your fish fresh Hissho!  Next time I pass through i'm going to make the manager eat the crap they put on the shelves.
4	Decent sushi for an airport.  Sushi has been fresh every time I order!   Hits the spot for my long flights!  They have take out, or you can sit at the bar.  Great people watching!!!!
4	I have stopped here for dinner at least twenty times in the past 18 months...  I usually get the 9-piece sashimi.  While they don't have the variety of fish types a good city place would have, it has always been fresh and very good.  One of my favorite airport options!   The service is great too - you'll find many road warrior regulars like me!
4	Sushi is pretty good if you order it from the bar. Service is so-so. Can be pricey.
3	Actually pretty good sushi for airport food that is.  I guess that my standards or expectations are lower given that it's in North Carolina and in the airport and we're talking sushi not barbeque.  The CLT was spicy, very hot, which is the way I like it.
3	In my experience, the sushi here is ok, but nothing out of this world... it is edible and it does enough to satisfy my craving for sushi to keep me coming back. I always grab a ready-made roll (perhaps why it's always a little lacking, the fresh rolls are likely better) from the refrigerator shelf and eat it on the plane. It is definitely a welcome departure from the usual airport and airplane food. BOTTOM LINE: Sushi to go, a rare site in any airport.
1	I'm basing this rating totally on the poor attitude of the staff.  I was with a co-worker and we had some time to kill before our flights took off.  We were looking for a place to eat in the airport other than Burger King or some fast food place.  From a distance, this place just looks like a bar.  Liquor bottles lining shelves around a bar inside the airport.  I did not see one cook like the pictures show below.  Anywho, we order a sandwich from Quizno's which is will be a Yelp in itself.  There was no place to sit in this airport.  Because of all the flight delays, the airport was crowded but this place had a bunch of empty tables in the center by their bar and stores.  Now I know why. My co-worker and I set our stuff down and she leaves to use the restroom.Up walks what appeared to be cleaning staff.  She certainly didn't look like a waitress and asks me if I'm ordering anything off the menu.  I said, you mean liquor? I said, maybe after I eat.  Broomhilda says in crusty tone, "no, food".  I laughed and said, honey all I see is liquor and I may need some of that after I eat.  She proceeds to talk to me in her crusty tone and said, I can't sit there unless I order from the menu.  Since I've been gate raped by TSA in the past, I figured I don't want to create a security scene and I take our food and move along.I really wanted to tell her to stick her attitude up her hoohah and stick to cleaning tables.Question below: Waiter Service? How about Biatch Service.
3	Southern Charm special roll is none too shabby.
4	First time to sit down rather than grab & go. Had the Oceans Delight roll, very good.
2	Ok - so yes I know it's airport sushi and I shouldn't be too hard on them. We've all seen the add that says cheap is good and sushi is good, but cheap sushi may not be a wise choice.My main reason for three stars? Everything was spicy! Spicy mayo on this, spicy sauce on that, super spicy spicy roll with spiciness.Do I want Sriracha? On sushi? Really? How about Wasabi that isn't brown. Guys - we understand you're not flying fish in from japan to your booth - (though god knows why not because you're in a freaking AIRPORT!!!) - but covering up the medium quality fish with spicy everything doesn't help the stomachs of people who have been traveling for days - or weeks.Give us some simple offerings, talk up the hand rolls more, and either expand you menu to show the full range of what you can offer or select a competent hostess who can make real suggestions on food.Excellent wine bar for an airport. Thumbs up.
3	Pretty good sushi! a little pricey, but it is in an airport.. full bar..  nice waitresses, some of whom are also quite photogenic.
3	If you are between flights, and want to get a quick bite without resorting to fast food, this is a good choice.They will make you anything on the menu, and they also have a refrigerated case with premade items.The sushi I had was ok, nothing to get excited about, about on par with what I could get at my grocery store. However, as an alternative to a Big Mac and fries for someone who is trying to make healthier choices, this fit the bill.
2	I've never spent time in North Carolina, but in the last three months, I've had two layovers in CLT.  Both were very annoying, and both fell during mealtime.  I went to Hissho to eat both times.The first time, I was rushing to make my connecting flight and stopped off on Hissho to grab a roll.  There was a refrigerated section of to-go food, and the selection was pretty good - standard, sure, but a lot of options.  It took me a minute to pick an eel roll.  I ate it on the plane, and it was good.  It reminded me of the pre-packaged rolls I used to love at the cafeteria in college.  Nothing special, maybe, but satisfying.So when I passed by Hissho in the same airport on a longer layover just a couple months later, I decided to sit down for some dinner.  I thought about getting another ready-to-go roll, but I made the mistake of opening the menu.  I had just heard Jonathan Gold review a Sinaloan sushi spot on the radio, and he said something like, "It was good in the way chili fries are good," and for some reason that resulted in my ordering something called a Mango Trio.  It was an 8 piece roll with imitation crab, mango, cucumber, and mango-ginger cheese topped with salmon, tuna, and a mango habanero sauce.  I mean what the hell is mango-ginger cheese?  Anyway, the roll was edible but vaguely disgusting, with mediocre fish and an odd, goopy sauce.My other big mistake was getting a drink.  I'm a sucker for a spicy bloody mary, and when I saw a chipotle bloody on the menu I decided to go for it.  It was the most disgusting bloody mary I've had in recent memory, very strong with a tinge of thin tomato and a bit of spice.  It had a double shot of vodka, so I guess it was at least functional.  When I got the check, though, I was shocked to see that it cost $14.  My shitty airport meal cost over $30.  Incidentally, service was also very slow.  Surprising considering the setting.I left for my flight feeling foolish.  I would've been happier with a spicy tuna in a plastic container.  I may come back to Hissho when I fly through CLT, but I won't sit down again.
4	For airport sushi, I can't complain!  The fish was seemingly fresh, though I did see the chef thawing out one huge piece of salmon in the sink...but hey, you are in a airport--did you expect the captain of the boat to turn up with an ice chest?The service was great and the wine pours might have actually been bigger than the ones I pour at home (ok, that's probably unlikely but you get my drift).Next time I'm lingering around Charlotte Douglass International Airport, I'll know where to go for a healthy, yummy meal!
4	Sushi to eat here or to take with you and fly. Prices are okay - $6 to $10 depending on the roll. It's not made to order (no knives) but it's still fresh.There is one here in the First In Flight Bar in the main atrium and they have an outpost down in the D concourse.
1	While the staff is lovely, I contracted severe food poisoning here on the way to my grandfather's funeral. This was especially upsetting considering the "99%" inspection rating listed behind the restaurant's bar...in retrospect, it strikes me that the fish (I had a tuna and salmon roll recommended by the waiter) was not nearly cold enough. This is the first time in 48 hours I'm sitting up straight without an extreme headache caused by dehydration - I hope to save others from a similar experience.
3	I had a layover at the Charlotte Airport and a little time before I had to catch my next flight.  I looked at the choices in their food court and chose sushi.   The setup for this place is basically a kiosk.   They have prepackaged sushi and what they call a "dine in" menu for fresh sushi but you can't dine in because it's not a restaurant.   It's a kiosk (which seems haphazardly placed in whatever open spot could be found in the middle section of the food court).  There are bar stools placed around the kiosk for the so called "dine in" experience.  There was barely enough elbow room between the stools.  If you add to that the fact that most people would have luggage because it's located at the airport, then you are talking even less comfortable space for dining.  So...for that reason, I decided to get a prepackaged tray of california rolls, because how could you mess up a basic california roll. There were nine rolls in my tray.  it was reasonably priced and it tastes pretty much like any other tray of california rolls.  It was enough to feel me up before my next flight.  So, I was satisfied.  That's it...it was just enough, nothing special.  So for that reason, it gets 3 stars.
3	One of my favorite things about flying into Charlotte is the First in Flight Bar. During the hustle and bustle of traveling, it's always a nice feeling when I have a little extra time during a layover in the Queen City so I can relax for a few moments here.Sushi in Charlotte. This may not be the first type of food that you think about when you are in the Carolinas, but it's here...and there is a lot of great sushi here. I wouldn't put Hissho up in the "great" category, but it's decent, and coupled with its "great" location...it's one of my regular stops across the country. All of the sushi that I've gotten here has been fresh. The specialty rolls are a little heavy, but good. They do have a lot of options with cream cheese or spicy sriracha. I haven't tried any of their sashimi...I just don't think that this is the spot for it. I definitely recommend the next time you fly into Charlotte, and have a little extra time during your layover, give it a go. Relax, sit at a table, have a drink and roll or two, and people watch until your departure time arrives. It's the perfect time waster.
4	Sushi was delicious! We shared 3 rolls and all were tasty and well made. It is very obvious that the chef was skilled and attentive to detail with the sushi. Our server was sub par, took awhile to wipe off the table, didn't refill our drinks and was generally pretty slow. We had time and enjoyed the food so it wasn't that bad. There is a full bar but only a few beers on tap. The location is great for people watching and very pleasant with lots of natural sunlight. If you love sushi but the idea of "airport sushi" freaks you out - don't hesitate to give this place a shot.
4	Service: Great. The staff is very nice.The food is okay but could be better. I ordered the sashimi plate. The pieces were large but it was still slightly frozen.I'm not sure how well it is known but the majority of sushi places actually freeze their fish. Theirs hadn't fully thawed out. Ultimately, I'm on the fence, it would be a three but when you're in an airport you're options are limited.
4	Excellent sushi choices especially for an airport. The CLT roll was delish!  Made fresh on site. Good beer selection too.
5	You must think... I must not know anything about sushi to think this place has 5 star sushi quality. But before you judge me, let me share my reasoning. Guys, I'm at an airport, in Charlotte NC and I am sure not looking for the best meal of my life. I just want to not feel hungry, not break the bank and just. go. home! I'm tired of eating greasy and fried food at the airport and also tired of sitting at a food court with dirty chairs and tables. When I saw Hissho Sushi, my heart soared.They have a twist to traditional rolls. i.e. they added a tangy, spicy mango sauce over the typical rainbow roll (tuna, white fish and salmon on california rolls). I always dip my sushi in the little plate of soy sauce and wasabi, but here, my cute sushi rolls are taking a quick dive in this special sauce. I must say, it is quite different but it tastes so refreshing and good!The best part is, I feel GREAT after eating there. It doesn't make me feel disgusted like after eating a burger or a plate of fries. It was uplifting and gave me hope that should anything go wrong at the airport, they will be there to comfort me with a fresh plate of sushi. Service is awesome. They have 2 hostess and each of them serves 50% of the tables. I wasn't sure how it works but if you see a table, grab it! The hostess will then come to you and take your order. There is no line but a first come first serve basis. The hostess checked on me every so often and made sure my water glass was full. Also, they have the prettiest disposable plates ever! I know, I'm OCD. Although they are disposable plastic plates, they look super elegant and clean in white. They made my dish look extra posh. How awesome was that?! This is definitely my place to go to when I'm in, through or stuck in CLT. Great job guys!
4	For airport I thought it was pretty good. Loved the knife tethered to the make line....classy airport....
3	I agree with the 3 star.  Aok.  Healthy choice at airport.  Expensive but filling bento box to go at $14.  Had several little roll pieces, 3 sushis, and some seaweed.Eh...but better than a burger and fried
2	This is probably the only sushi spot in the airport and there is not a ton of variety, but gets the job done if you are in the mood for sushi. I didn't think the fish tasted very fresh (some weird chewy textures going on) and the edamame tasted microwaved.  I know airport food isn't great in general, but I'll pass on the sushi next time and go for a salad elsewhere if I need a healthy fixing.
2	I saw the to-go bento box option with a couple rolls, done sashimi and salad for $14 dollars as I passed by. It looked good so I thought that dining there would have better food and cheap options.  Not true. What can I expect though, I'm at an airport. I should've gone to an actually restaurant rather than sushi. I ended up getting the CLT Roll. It was okay. It is spicy but that's expected from a roll with jalapenos there was a lot of sauce on it m could've masked the flavor of the sushi. What I didn't like was my yellowtail nigiri. I get yellow tail wherever I go and this was no good.  It was thickly sliced, and I don't know why, but part of it was chewy. So chewy, that I couldn't tear it with my teeth and I ended up not eating that piece. Total, my bill was $19. I should've stuck with the bento box. It would've been more filling and the better price point.
4	Is this place 5 star? No but it is a solid 4 given it's location. Say what you want but I've had much worse than this and they are located in much better situation. If you get the to go boxes that they have then plan on lower quality. You have to get it made fresh or don't bother. I've had the to go boxes as well and they are ok if you get them early.
1	I was extremely disappointed. I had such high hopes as it looks like they make the sushi fresh but when I got it it was anything but fresh. The eel was a very poor cut, the shrimp tempura was repulsive and often contained the tail and sometimes it contained no shrimp at all. It was quite expensive. They wanted 13 bucks for shrimp and 6.79 for a beer. It really wasn't even edible. So disgusting. Waitress was nice but I would never go back.
4	Had better sushi but for airport food you can't complain. Well-priced combos available, and plenty of beers, many on draught. Service was great and attentive, and the atmosphere was the icing on the cake. Music playing and drink in hand best spot on D terminal to chill pre-flight.
2	Overpriced and mediocre quality sushi. They crank the rolls out very fast so that's good...but also bad because they're not put together too well.
5	Pretty awesome I grabbed a sushi rolls between flights . It was Johnny on the spot between terminals. They had the to go pack (finger food) in the main food court. Just what I needed when I was in a hurry. I didn't have to wander into the heart of the food court. Just grab, pay and go. Further more it was delicious.
4	I seem to go thru CLT airport as a connecting airport during my air travels quite frequently. When I first discovered the Hissho sushi "bar" at the First In Flight bar in the main food area/concourse at CLT in 2010, I was quite amazed, simply at the very fact of finding suchis available at an airport, and particularly at an airport in the Carolinas!Well, I was even more amazed when I tried their pre-packaged sushi and sashimi from the to-go cooler. I have eaten sushi at sushi restaurants all across the US, and I had to admit that the quality of the take-out sushi and sashimi from Hissho was quite good.I have, in the intervening 4 or 5 years, eaten their pre-packaged take-out sushi and sashimi from their take-out cooler many times, and I have NEVER been dissapointed with the freshness, quality or flavor. In fact, if my total time to my destination (whether my destination hotel, or my home, if returning home) after I leave CLT will be less than 3 hours, I often purchase two or three extra packages of sushi to bring to my destination and pop in the refrigerator, to be eaten within the next 48 hours.BTW, I have never tried to sit down at the bar or at a table to order freshly-made sushi here; I have only purchased pre-packaged take-out sushi and sashimi from their take-out cooler!Pricing is not bad at all for airport food, much less for good-quality airport sushi!
2	I've been back here and the sushi is still the same. Don't try anything crazy. Just stick to the basics and you'll get by just fine. Asked for water and lemon. Just the water showed up. The piano next to the place can make it annoying. Avoid the sushi.
3	The Grand Finale was not great- cold old shrimp tempura not crispy with too much fishy roe.The Joel Gott wind was well worth the $14 a plastic glass.The waitress Rachelle was great ran the busy place while some young male never pitched in and pretended to do BS busy work ... Including checking & browsing his cell phone every. 5 minutes.Because if that my roll sat quite awhile till she was free to serve it.One roll one wine one tip $36 yikes
1	Absolutely terrible. 1 out of 10 is more like it.. Wish I could turn back time and eat anything but this bad bad bad sushi. One piece of yellowfin sashimi looked like a piece of smoked salmon. Sitting out all day probably and forming a thick "crust". Gross. Hopefully some of my fellow sushi lovers see this review and save themselves a terrible experience. Saki wasn't bad though.
3	Quick service, convenient location in the center of the airport. I liked my seat because there was a guy on the piano who was rocking it out which made my layover pretty pleasant.I ordered the Outer Banks roll which has tuna, salmon, and yellowtail, with avocado and spicy sauce. I asked them to put crunchy fried potatoes in it to give it some crunch, which made the rolls really big and difficult to eat- they were not rolled tightly.In general, it's just regular sushi in a convenient location. Server was nice and quick.
