4	Went for the first time today, being a newer restaurant, we were the only customers.  I drink my coffee and black and theirs was not bitter at all and it was hot and freshly brewed.   We both had the choose 4 for $7 breakfast, I chose 2 eggs poached, home fries, french toast and Rye toast and my partner did 4 eggs over medium, home fries and pancakes .  My eggs were poached perfectly with no runny whites but with runny yolks and the over medium eggs were also cooked perfect and NOT soaked in oil (which is rare). The home fries were good, crispy but soft inside and nicely seasoned. The french toast could have used a little cinnamon but over all were good and not soggy. The pancakes were soft and fluffy and tasted great but were not as warm as he'd would have liked. Over all it was a nice breakfast for under $20 for two large breakfast, coffee and a orange juice. living pretty close to Rendezvous I feel this could become a regular breakfast stop for us.  serving full menu 7 AM-3 PM daily
3	The food was a 3.5, the ambiance a 2. When we walked in the employees seemed surprised that we were there to eat.  The only menus that they have are paper to go menus which feel a little weird when you are eating in. They don't have any music or TV in the background which made us feel like we were intruding on their work. As they say, 'the silence was deafening.' The booth where we were seated had a large outdoor sign tucked behind it which awkwardly stuck out during our meal. The seating layout is also very strange. The good news is that the food was really good and they deliver. I think I may order delivery from them, but wouldn't dine in again. Rendezvous Cafe seems like a catering business, not a restaurant.
4	Ate here for the first time this morning at 11:15 a.m.  As A.B. guessed, they are primarily a catering gig.  There were only two other parties there. The family ordered off of the menu--eggs Benedict, patty melt, and 2 your way.  I ordered the skillet, as advertised on the window.I've eaten at most of the breakfast joints around town. Add this place to the list of good ones. Potatoes and eggs were perfect, the portions are huge, and everything came out about the same time. Service is attentive, and friendly.  Check out the pics of the Benedict and skillet--we'll be eating this for tomorrow's breakfast!
5	Went for take-out last Sunday, only two other parties there. Appears to be family run and just getting started - hope they make it because everything was delicious.  Not instantaneous food, but worth the wait for the made-to-order, home-cooked taste.  Everything was very good, generously portioned and reasonably priced. Best oatmeal we have ever had.
5	I called from clear across the country to request an order be delivered to my ill daughter who lives within their delivery circle. Renee was wonderful on the phone informing me of their menu. I had bowls of chicken soup, salad, fresh fruit and a sandwich sent..... My girl was really surprised and said a LOT of food arrived.  Thank you so much for the good service and delivery.
5	Yummy food, huge portions, beyond reasonably priced, and family owned and operated. What more can you ask for??  Have the waffles with the apple butter... So good!!Edited to add: Totally forgot to mention how awesome the service was! We will be back for sure and are thinking of asking them to cater for us.
