3	I always stop at this restaurant when flying to the US.   The Salmon is great!    also a very good spot for breakfast for those early morning flights.   Service is quick, so if you only have 30 minutes, no worries.
3	Overall a good place to stop for a bite while waiting for a flight into the US.  I've been here twice, once ordering a burger and once getting a sandwich.  There isn't a whole lot to say about a restaurant in an airport terminal that I assume is part of a chain (I don't know for sure, but it certainly does have that feeling of "decorated by corporate committee"), yet the food was good and the turnaround was quick enough that it won't leave you sweating your departure time.  Service sometimes seems to be a free-for-all.  On my second visit a waitress took my order, someone else dropped off my food, another guy refilled my water, the manager took my credit card, either the food guy or the water guy gave me the receipt, and the waitress said goodbye as I left.
2	First, I was told the steak sandwich was not available, then it was available so I went ahead and ordered it.  It was terrible.  The bread and tomato were fresh, but the "steak" was a moist, sticky, and tasteless paste of indeterminate protein.I sent it back and ordered the Houston burger which was better, but not great considering the delicious ingredients.  Part of the problem was a burger they had to cook well done (because, Canada), but still a poor showing.Terrible selection of beers for a restaurant with a full bar.The service was actually pretty great.  Our waitress was nice, polite, understanding, and fully intent on making our visit a pleasant one despite the circumstances. I would not ever go back here, though, because it is a waste of money overall.
3	The food was good, service though isn't the quickest.  I had the ham omelette which was good: ham wasn't too salty, onion and tomato tasted fresh and eggs was decent.  It came with some potatoes, toast, 2 pieces of fruit and a small bowl of beans.  Didn't eat the beans as I usually don't eat it for breakfast.   All in all, something before the flight.
2	The food was average but consistent. Have eaten here a few times due to limited sit down options at the airport. The service is very slow. I don't think it is the servers fault but the management. They are under staffed which creates the issue.
2	This airport has few choices and we decided upon this location as they were busy but there was no wait.  We were seated quickly but then it took forever for anyone to approach us regards our order.  Good thing we had the time waiting on our flight as the service continued to be very slow and forget needing a drink refill.  The lettuce on the burger was 25% brown, fries cold and bun stale.  Not impressed with the food nor the service.  The airport needs other choices as I wouldn't eat here again.
2	The most important thing to note about this restaurant is that the service is not good nor quick.  As others have noted, make sure you have ample time before your flight.  If you do, this is a great place to relax while you're waiting for your connection.   Food quality is not great.   I chose this restaurant over Burger King and actually regretted my decision afterwards.  Pluses are: the good atmosphere of the restaurant and the cold beer, which helps, especially when your plane is delayed by a few hours due to weather.  Overall. I rate this two stars based on the service and the food.
2	Had bacon and egg breakfast before a crack of dawn 6:00 AM flight as this was the only breakfast place (other than fast food) that seemed to be open.  Breakfast was so- so.  Bacon didn't taste as fresh and came with your usual potatoes.  We sat at the bar and service was quick and attentive.  Would I come back here?  I would try other options as it wasn't anything memorable!
2	good location in the airport but the food was sub par.... not houstons like the hillstone chain...
1	The service was good but the food was overpriced and flavorless.Chicken tenders: greasy and bland.Steak & Frites: both bland.
2	I stopped in for a quick bite before my boarding. Ordered the caprese chicken sandwich and a margarita. The drink was a stiff one so no complaints there:)As for the sandwich; I swear the chicken was so dry that you are instantly dehydrated from one bite. I sent it back and got the crab cake sandwich which was much better.They should use a quality artisan bread instead of the cheap burger buns for the sandwiches and burgers.
2	The venue was fine for an airport, service was fairly quickly however the food was not great. I had a veggie omelette, nothing was mixed in except for a lot of cheese, it was very oily and didn't taste that great. It was also pricy for what it was.
2	If you happen to be unfortunate enough to be delayed several hours at Montreal airport and begin to feel hungry, you will find yourself in a predicament of epic proportions - a wasteland of bad food options.This steakhouse, to my dismay, is no different.Because I categorize airport food into two categories: sub-par but edible and sub-par knowing my little cousin could make something better.I'd say this place falls somewhere in between those two categories. With dry meat, flavorless chicken, and undercooked fries being the highlights of the menu, there really isn't much else to write about.
4	Located past the security checkpoint and close to the departure gates, it's a nice place to sit down and have a meal or a few drinks while killing time to board your flight.
