4	When I landed in Charlotte this evening, my best friend Sloan gave me 3 dinner options to choose from and we ended up at Encore.  It was perfect for what we were seeking: a great place for conversation, decent menu selection, and drinks too!After commenting how the martini selection was pretty impressive, Sloan went with a Michelob Ultra and I went with a Firestone Gewuertztraminer.  Our waitresses were attentive enough, listening to our request to pretty much leave us alone as we planned on hanging out for awhile.  The one thing they did do, however, was card us - we liked that!We did order the spinach and artichoke dip appetizer to start and enjoyed it... a little too much!  It was different than normal in that it was more like a flat bread pizza with a little extra dip on the side.  It was filling, rich, and creamy... it could've been a meal on it''s own.  However, we proceeded to order more drinks and 2 of the recommended dishes.  I had the parmesan crusted grouper and Sloan had the chicken and basil alfredo.  We weren't blown away by them, but they were not unforgettable either.  My fish was served warm but the veggies that came with it were cold... when I told our server, she brought an additional side of warm veggies for me - great customer service there!We skipped dessert as we were both pretty full... neither one of us finished our meals, so keep in mind that servings are pretty big.  We noticed a private room for groups and a separate bar as well as outdoor seating.  If I lived in Charlotte, I'd come back for sure.  I have a feeling that Encore will be seeing Sloan again soon!
4	Great place to go and eat a mid-priced meal in Blakeney.  Fairly diverse menu.  Nice decor.   The bar is pretty good, plus there's outdoor seating.  Service at times can be a bit slow, though the food makes up for it.  Don't miss the chicken and adouille spring rolls, the shaved prime rib sandwitch, or the chicken napoleon.
3	This place probably deserves a better review, but I've only been here once and everything was fine except that the food was a bit too greasy for me. (I had the Chicken Pesto sandwich.) It was still delicious, just not the best choice for someone as health conscious as I am. Service was alright, nothing spectacular. There was a good amount of menu options to choose from. The interior and exterior are nice to look at. The server kept calling me "love," which took some getting used to. If I go again, I probably won't sit at the bar (where a lot of people smoke), and I'll probably ask about the healthier options. =)
4	This has got to be the best restaurant closest to my parents house in Waxhaw. Waxhaw just doesn't have many offerings, and this is a bit of a drive, but it's very tasty! I came here with the family once and got the filet and crab cake. I'm very particular about my crab cakes and don't like a lot of fillers. I ended up eating the whole thing, so that should tell you that it's good. If you are in the Blakeney area and looking for a restaurant that is not your typical chain, definitely check out Encore.
4	We lives near Blakeney so the area is like a magnet for us. We were on the west coast for two tears before coming back to Charlotte. Our first stop eating out was Encore and it was as good as we remembered. They need a better beer selection but the menu is varied and has good kids choices. Great family restaurant or good for 2 couples looking for casual night out. The bar is great if you havevto wait. I remember the wait two years ago being much longer but maybe it's the economy.
4	Most of my stars are for the great outdoor seating, but not for the businesslady's button down shirt farmer's tan I got during a leisurely lunch there.  There's plenty of outdoor seating, and plenty to watch 0 people shopping, kids in the fountain, etc. The food was decent, but not memorable.  We had a very cheesy feta dip, and some grilled chicken lettuce wraps (they would have been better with fewer giant fried rice noodles on top) to start.  Then we all had salads for our meals.  The wedge salad had more dressing and cheese than lettuce, and the chicken and brie salad had a serious amount of chicken and brie.  I had the "chef's salad", which that day was mixed greens, lots of fruit, a blackened mix of seafood, and pineapple vinaigrette.  My only complaint was the DRY seafood.  Encore is a good place as long as you can sit outdoors, but there are probably better options in the area for food.
4	We have been there twice now and have been surprised that the food has been amazingly good each time. Planning on taking my mom there for Mother's Day, as I have confidence it will be really good again. Atmosphere is a nice balance between casual and a tad upscale. Service has been decent/average; certainly not bad, but not above average either. But the real story here is the food - absolutely outstanding, and a great selection.
2	Alright, so as I mentioned the first 2 times we went the food was very, very good. Since my last review, we have gone 3 more times and sadly, I think they have a different staff of cooks in the back. Our first time back was for Mother's Day (actually the day before) and it was "ok" - food wasn't as tasty and the quality seemed to have gone down (like it wasn't prepared fresh). We chalked it up as "well, everybody has an 'off' night" and figured we'd come back anyway. So the next time we went back, same thing: food so-so, a bit on the bland side, and that freshness thing (lack of) was in the picture again. Still we were willing to bet on coming back. Went last night and sat outside, listened to live music - nice evening, but the food - freakin' again - was sub-standard, didn't seem like it was cooked fresh. Our server was terrible, as well - let our drinks stay empty, particularly bad when you're sitting outside, and didn't check on us very often. We ordered the molten cookie dessert, which previously was amazing, but this time it came out and wasn't even cooked on the inside -- we asked to have it sent back and another brought out and our server (after we finally found him) - said, "it might take 20min, is that ok?"  We felt like he was trying to brush us off, so in spite of that we told him "no problem".  The second dessert was brought out in about 10min and was definitely better, but I think our server and the declining quality of food took the wind out of our sails. We may go back, but probably not for some time - feels like the first 2 times we went when it was great turned out to be the exception, unfortunately. Oh well, plenty of other restaurants out there, right? : )
1	We took some friends from out of town for lunch. What a disappointment. The only good thing was our server. She was very attentive and nice.  Don't go for the food.. Greasy, heavy. Will not go back. There are too many good places in the area.
4	This is a great place for a nice lunch with friends or coworkers.The menu has a good selection of salads and sandwiches and soups. I ordered the spinach salad with grilled onions and blue cheese with sundried tomato dressing. YUM.Their bread also comes with a sundried tomato infused olive oil - fun!I'd definitely come here again.
4	David and I have eaten here a couple of times, but it has been awhile. The first time we dined here was when the place first opened up. I think it was ok,  but not really memorable.  The second time we dined here was last summer - we met some friends over at Brixx & planned to a  get a pizza & listen to the live music out on the patio.  However, the place was jam-packed that night and we couldn't get a table on the patio at Brixx.  Then, we noticed Encore had some available patio available, so our group of 6 went over and got a table. We all shared 2 or 3 bottles of wine and had dinner.  I think everyone was pleased with their dinner, but service was a little slow...but not terrible.    So, last night was our first visit back in awhile.  I had forgotten how nice their bar area is.  The appetizers were excellent, as was the service.  My favorites included the Feta Dip with herbed flatbread and  Sesame Tuna Tapas. The spring rolls looked good until I learned they had sausage in them (since I don't eat pork, I gave mine away). If you haven't been to Encore, or if its been awhile, you should check them out. They offer all day drink specials every day except for Sunday. (Check the website for details). They are also offering Happy hour specials where you can get 1/2 price on select appetizers from 4-7 pm each night of the week.We'll definitely be going back soon to take advantage of the specials!
3	At here tonight for the 5 course for 55 with a bottle of wine. I must say it was a good deal. Salad was great. Ahi tuna for an apt was ok, done with sesame seeds, not the freshest but pretty good. Next was the packs pasta. This was very good with blackened Shrimp. Girl got the tilapia, said it was so so. Service good, food decent. Oh and the wine was a savion blanc from chile, not bad at all.
4	This place is tucked away in the Blakney Shopping Center- a perfect location for your shopping and eating needs.  Encore was recommended by my roommate so I went with some friends for Sunday brunch.  Between the 3 of us, we ordered the Burrito Scramble, the Veggie Omelette, and the Encore Omelette and family-styled our food.  The omelettes were a little bit on the greasy side but the portions were generous.  We were all on egg overload by the end of the meal!Encore is a wonderful hang out place and the prices are moderate.  Great location, good service, okay food.
4	We ate here on a whim while attending the Blakeney Santa event during the holidays. Anticipating a long wait we were able to put our name down for a time and come back after the kids did all the activities. We were seated right away when we came back, it wasn't that packed at all. The hostess gave us the impression that we'd still have to wait to be seated when we returned. I had the lemon chicken and it was delicious, I cleaned my plate :) Everyone at the table enjoyed their meals as well. All in all good food, decent price and good for families.
4	Some of my coworkers decided to check out Encore for an appetizer and a couple of drinks.  When we arrived, I was pleasantly surprised by the coziness of the place, the dining area which was dimly lit and had a very intimate feel to it, and the bar area which was secluded and had plenty of windows which gave the feel of a much more open and relaxing feel.the group had nearly all of the appetizer options and not a single complaint came from any of us.  I had the Sesame Ahi Tuna Tapa and enjoyed every single bite.  The searing was perfectly done and the wasabi cream was as delightful as I have ever had.The wait staff was also very helpful and never let a glass go dry and even had some good recommendations.
4	Whether you seek a delicious martini, a classy meal or a comfortable brunch, Encore is where it's at! The Shops at Blakeney are mixed with chains and independent businesses, so I'm more than happy to support the folks at Encore. The restaurant is expansive with a large bar, pretty patio and spacious dining room. But the few times I've visited, I've mostly remained in the bar area. The staff is always quite friendly and swift - perfect if you're dropping by your lonesome or with a group. It's most certainly worth noting they run a sweet half off appetizer special from 4-7 pm Monday-Friday. And my favorite night to drop by is Wednesday for half off martinis. Scoooooore! A few other items of note...My favorite appetizers: Feta Dip, Sesame Ahi Tuna Tapa, Spring Rolls, Asian Chicken Wraps. Some awesome martinis: The Dirty Encore is a classic and there's also a pineapple based option that is delightful. Other notes: Prices are very fair from the appetizers to the entrees. And for you gluten free folks, Encore has plenty of featured gluten free dishes!
4	I've been to Encore a few times and always enjoy the atmosphere, drinks and food. It's a nice place to meet friends for a drink after work as it has a spacious bar area that offers their full menu.  They are able to offer big screen TVs for sports fans without giving the restaurant a sports bar/pub-type feel--not always easy to accomplish.  So guys, you can take your dates out to an upscale restaurant and still check in on your team--nice!  There is awesome outdoor seating on their patio with a view of the Blakeney playground (enjoy a glass of wine and still keep an eye on the little ones while they wear themselves out on the monkey bars--sweet!).  The patio also gives you a front row seat to the live music which is offered every Friday and Saturday during the warmer months.Lucky for me at a Yelp event I was able to test out Encore's brunch menu--yummm!  The bloody mary bar is incredibly fun with lots of options (pickles, olives, horseradish, banana peppers, jalapenos, several hot sauces, etc).  You'll feel like an artist when you've perfected your drink!  For food we had the breakfast burritos and crab cake benedict which was excellent!  A mimosa to top things off and it was a perfect brunch in my book!
1	I have dined here a few times and had a decent experience. Never a wow factor, just mediocre. I ordered food to go today and the sauce for my spring rolls wasn't in the bag. Doesn't seem like a big deal, but when you pay 8 bucks for two spring rolls (and 16 as I ordered two orders) plus a tip, you expect it to be correct. I'm not driving back to pick up hoison sauce. I just won't make a habit of giving my business to Encore. If I wanted my takeout to be incorrect, I would have gone to McDonalds. Don't waste your time with Encore.
2	Disappointment (n) - the feeling you get when you expect a spectacular brunch and instead receive flighty service and rotten fruit. See also: Encore Bistro & BarWhen some friends and I were searching for a brunch spot near Matthews Encore came to mind. I knew there had recently been a Yelp event there and saw this as a chance to make up for missing it. To top it off some of the group were really feeling French toast and the menu claimed they had Charlotte's best.I arrived a bit late (because I didn't realize it would take 45 minutes to get there from Plaza Midwood) and was immediately blind upon walking in the door. I understand low lighting is hip, but in the middle of the day it makes it impossible to see. No sir, I have no clue where my party is.We ordered two French toasts (one w/whipped cream; one without), two sides of eggs, a Belgian waffle and a steak sandwich with sweet potato fries. Oh and 3 coffees...for which we somehow received 4 separate containers of cream. When a member of the kitchen staff brought out the food neither toast had whipped cream and we were told that they had run out of berries but were going to get more. When our waitress came around we relayed the message and she went to the kitchen, returning shortly with bowls of berries.Lesson: Low lighting also does not allow you to see that the berries you have just been given are rotten until you put them in your mouth. Eww.Eventually fresh fruit was procured, the whipped cream situation was straightened out and we settled down to what turned into a fairly decent meal. Both the waffle and toast were tasty and the sweet potato fries were standout.The bottom line was that the food was not outstanding enough to account for the comedy of errors that preceded it. For me, there will be no encore for Encore.
2	I want to like Encore--right near my house, great setting...but...alas, disappointment. I went last time (I won't bother telling you all about how horrible my experience was at brunch one day) with my girlfriend. We were promptly seated, and the waiter brought us our drinks. I ordered the beef medallions ($26, so they better be good), and she got shrimp. This meal was actually free, as last time the head chef gave us $50 in a gift card because of how bad our experience was. Great customer service. My beef came out, and it looked like one big mess. It was two medallions, mashed potatoes, spinach, some sort of thin sauce, corn, and...bacon? I think? Bacon bits in the sauce? The medallions were so fatty--to the point where they were nearly impossible to cut. Yuck. The mashed potatoes were excellent, and the bacon corn sauce thing was pretty bad. My girlfriend's was actually pretty good, and I would probably order it, but I can't imagine the fat content in a thick, Alfredo like sauce.Would I return to Encore? Eh, maybe. I'd try to go to Brixx first, and maybe even Chili's second before I headed to Encore. Disappointing.
4	Let me preface this by saying that I'm a restaurant snob.  Rarely, will I dislike a restaurant and give it a second chance.  I tried Encore shortly after they first opened a handful of years ago.  I didn't like it at all and I had never intended to go back.  However....I guess I should consider second chances more often!    When "the girls" called to invite me to a ladies night gathering at Encore, I was disappointed with the restaurant selection, but I still went along (I couldn't possibly pass up a night with the girls!!).  WOW, am I glad I went!  It was a great experience and my opinion of the restaurant has completely changed!  As of  matter of fact, I liked it so much that I  went back for lunch a few days later.   On both occassions, I sat outside and it was very nice.  Even the service was very good!  Sometimes the "outside" folk get overlooked, but the service was very attentive both times.   Everyone that I dined with really enjoyed their selections.  From appetizers, salads, and entrees....everything had excellent reviews.  Personally, I am IN LOVE with their Asian Noodle Salad topped with Sesame Encrusted Seared Ahi Tuna.  The noodles are flavorful, the veggies are fresh, the Ahi is excellent quality and seared perfectly....but the item that pulls the entire dish together is the crispy Wonton...it will knock your socks off!They even have great drink specials during the week (1/2 priced Wine on Tue and 1/2 prices Martinis on Wed, for example).  The only negative for me is that they allow smoking in the outside eating area.  I know, I know....it's "outside" .  But still, people are eating!   For a non-smoking there is nothing more repulsive then smelling cigarettes when your eating!  ICK!   Luckily, we didn't sit close enough to anyone who was smoking to have it ruin the experience.
4	Encore is a little bit of everything! If you feel like a relatively upscale brunch, come on in..  If you are looking for a fusion of American style dinners, come on in.  If you are looking to sit outside or at a modern bar... You get the idea.  I've been here about 4 or 5 times and I keep coming back.  That definitely tells you something.  I usually don't make a 2nd trip to a place that didn't do it right the first time.  Dinner - I would highly suggest the Pan-Seared Flounder.  Seafood is usually hit or miss in Charlotte and this is spot on.  It comes accompanied by a light orzo spinach mix and marinated tomatoes.  You won't be disappointed.  I also had the Encore pasta and, although it was delicious, it was a little too filling.  But I am a little biased.  Anything with sundried tomatoes is good start.  The wife always gets the lemon butter glazed chicken and, if it tastes anything like it smells, then hellllll yeah!  Brunch -  Waffles, crepes, Bloody Marys ---- Oh my!  They do it all right and make a mean hashed potato.  Can't go wrong here.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	Decided to grab some brunch with a buddy of mine on a Sunday morning and wanted to try a place in Blakeney. Encore fit the bill just fine. It's a gorgeous interior with low lighting, modern accents and plenty of seating. Seriously, I'm pretty sure they have have TONS of seating. Sat at a comfy booth. These things are massive. You could probably seat 8 people at one, if need be. The brunch menu is pretty standard. Waffles, pancakes, omelets, all of the typical side item menagerie and some libations as well. I opted for the veggie omelet and did egg whites only. I had asked for no dairy of any kind, but still came with swiss cheese on top. No biggy. I just yanked it right off of the top! The flavor was great, though. Tons of shrooms, spinach, onion, and fluffy egg white flavor. Top with a bit of hot sauce and you're in business! I enjoyed the side of fruit, too. Just honeydew and pineapple. Our server was great. Very lively and funny. She made a small mistake with the check and made a quick joke, fixed it promptly with a smile, and brought a new one. Love the humility and easy going spirit. She was just great. We were in and out in less than an hour and perfectly satisfied. Where I can't say I'd enjoy much else from their brunch menu, I'd love to come back for lunch and dinner. Cheers!
3	You can't beat the outside patio on a spring or autumn day. The food can be more of a flip of the coin however. Today I had the "Asian Noodle Salad". While the presentation was nice (2 large flat fried wontons resembling flat bread with the sald sandwhiched in between), it was too weird for me. The cold noodles (they were supposed to be cold so that part is fine) were drenched in this overly-sugary version of sweet and sour sauce (more like sweet and heat sauce) and since I'm on a low sugar diet I had to stop less than 1/2 way through as the boat loads of sugar was unbearable.Also a little to peppery which lingered for over an hour after. Having said that - I did decide to venture into the stranger elements of their menu and have had okay salads if you stick to the tried and true.
2	My family met friends here for my birthday brunch. Didn't have a great time. Problems started when I ordered blueberry pancakes. The server came back and said they didn't have blueberries (really, with a Harris Teeter practically next door? Send someone to get some!) I told him it was my birthday and that was a big disappointment! He didn't offer any other suggestions so I asked if they could make pecan pancakes. They agreed to that and they came out okay. You'd think he might get the hint it was my birthday and perhaps comp something or send out a dessert or something? No. Not even a "happy birthday!" from the server!One kid in our party ordered scrambled eggs but they came with cheese -- not mentioned on the menu -- and the kid can't have cheese, so he had to re-order his brunch. Service was blah, food was pretty blah, and the 20% added because we were a party of eight (really we were two parties, one of three and one of five) was icing on the cake, so to speak. In this competitive environment, I'm surprised this place has been around as long as it has. Prices were relatively high, as well, and there aren't many options such as turkey sausage or waffles, both of which I was hoping for. Overall, a big "so-so" experience.
4	Haven't been here in a couple of years. A restaurant.com coupon was our incentive. We had a simple lunch on Tuesday just before noon. It wasn't very crowded, several larger groups (women mostly) were present. Honestly wasn't expecting too much, just wanted to use my $10 off coupon. Our server was pleasant and friendly, but not ever present. My wife had a Cuban pita combo that was very good along with a vinegar based slaw as a side, which she really liked because it was different. I went with the day's special which was a blackened chicken philly with peppers, onions and swiss; very good. A boat load of fries accompanied my special; don't know how people can finish such a large portion.I'd say Encore Bistro is back on our go to list.
4	I was here a few weeks ago with a large group and had exceptional service, amazing food and an all around good time.  I'm glad I gave Encore another shot to get it right!  Awesome atmosphere, low lighting, soft music and large tables.  We had over twenty in our group and they were able to accommodate us with plans made ahead of time.  Servers were efficient but didn't hover or bother us, just refilled drinks and took requests at they came.  Very pleasant experience!
2	If the french fries are the best part of my meal, the odds are stacked that I will probably not return.  Arriving around 11:30 on Memorial Day, I had the joint to myself.  As I came in the front door, the hostess hopped off of a bar stool and I got a friendly greeting from her.  I had already checked out the menu online so I knew what I was getting.  The waiter quickly came over and took my drink order.   He was friendly and efficient.  Low lighting, comfy booth.  Lots of seating indoors and I believe the one other couple that arrived during my meal sat outside, so there is outdoor seating as well.  The food:The tea was so light, I swear I was drinking sugar water.  How do you screw up sweet tea in North Carolina?Spinach Bacon and Artichoke dip ($9) - it said "with flatbread" which I wrongly assumed meant it would be served with flatbread for dipping, not ON the flatbread sogging it down.  It was served as flatbread with the dip on it (?), sprinkled with bacon and what I assume was parmesan cheese.  Soggy, salty hot mess and completely overpriced at $9.  I would have done better with the frozen TGIFriday's dip from HT.  Bad.  Chicken Salad Croissant ($9) with fries:  Thin, dry, crumbly croissant with over-processed chicken salad that had been pulverized to the consistency of potted meat.  Chicken, mayo and I believe celery were the only components.  Save yourself some money and go to Costco and get a bag of croissants and a container of their chicken salad which is made from rotisserie chicken - it is better.  The fries were excellent - hot and crispy. Aside from the bad food, I was kind of irritated about how the food was spaced.  I should have known, with an empty restaurant, to order the app and then order the sandwich.  Moments after I got the app, my waiter came by and said my sandwich would be done in 2 minutes, so should he go ahead and bring it out - is the other option for it to die in the window?  I said to bring it on.  At least I got hot fries.  I guess I should give places more than one try, but there are so many new restaurants to try and so many other places that I enjoy.  I won't be wasting another $25 at Encore.  Should I be at Blakeney again and want a nice sit down meal in the dark, I will drive past Encore to get to 131 Main.
2	We decided to go here for dinner on a Friday and sit outside since they have the live music outside on Friday & Saturday nights.I ordered a pizza and it was really awful.  The flavors were so harsh and didn't compliment each other at all.  I wound up stealing half my husband's burger since I hated my meal so much.  His burger was ok.  We left disappointed and will never go back for overpriced subpar food.
4	Had a later lunch around 130 pm. Pretty empty. Wife had a blackened chicken pita that she liked a lot. I had the shaved prime rib with muenster and carmelized onions. It came with au jus. Had a side of an Asian type cole slaw with a kick. My sandwich was delicious and plentiful. A $12 deal. Our last 2 visits were very good as far as the food was concerned. Ambiance is not appealing. Kind of dark and dank, but food is very good.
1	Been here twice. Both times to sit outside on the weekend and enjoy the live music and let the kids play in the park. With that said that is all this place has going for it. Poor service and poor food quality plain and simple. I hate to give locally owned businesses bad reviews but these guys need help. Do yourself a favor skip it. Go to the pizza place next door.
2	The staff is nice, but the food is not good. My husband BBQ tasted like lighter fluid. My mom did not finish the ribs which says a lot. The fish was good.We won't come back
2	Those two stars about sum it up - Meh. I've experienced better.  The fella and I had a coupon, so we visited on a Wednesday night around 8:00.  We'd sat in the restaurant section the only other time we'd been, and it was a vast, quiet space, so we opted for the bar side this time.  It definitely seemed more hopping, but that didn't take much.  The hostess and waitress were very attentive and friendly, but the atmosphere just seems... dated?  For dinner, I ordered the Pasta Encore ($18), and the fella ordered the salmon ($18).  I'm not a fish eater, but even I realized - to quote my date - "I've never seen salmon this color before."  It apparently tasted about the same.  My pasta  had good intentions (chicken, artichoke hearts, spinach, feta cheese), but the chicken was pretty tough and there were some pockets of downright cool temps.  Overall, it's a good thing we had a coupon, but I doubt we'll be back anytime soon.
