3	The food...It's McDonald's.  I go to this location because of the shaded outdoor seating.  Unfortunately they only have two tables outside.
2	Mediocre at best. Quality of service is so mundane and unprofessional. I always come in to study since this McDonald's  seems like a nice and quiet place to study after-hours, but the associates here are loud, and sometimes get out of hand. You tend to overhear all the at-work drama and complaints of the workers. It's barely midnight and they apparently shut off their ice cream machine and don't tell you until you're ready to pay. Seriously, what McDonald's has their ice cream machine shut off? Oh and my apple pie was cold AF from sitting too long and previously over-browned from baking too long. How do they manage to do that?!Two stars for having guests feel awkward during their dine-in and two stars for their inadequate system of delivering less than ok food.
3	This McDonald's is super clean and cozy since they did a complete renovation inside and out. Normally I would not take the time out to complete a Yelp review for this establishment however this location is really nice! It has that College lounge relaxing atmosphere that is welcoming for students and all who want some chill time. Nice comfy cushy black pleather chairs and small intimate tables, colorful art on the walls, easy to relax, eat, study, or use their wi-fi for Internet access.All you can drink serve yourself fountain drinks are always a plus at McDonald's! The only thing is they do not keep the fresh brewed iced tea or sweet tea out like other locations do so you will have to ask for refills on that. The food is good and the staff is fast and ready to go with your order!
3	They recently remodeled this place and it looks awesome! The only concern I have is, the seating area. I came here for breakfast a few times and stand around for somewhere to sit down.....
1	Slow and rude at this location, poorly managed store.
1	Wow never in a million years o would think I'll review a McDonald's BUT I had such a horrible experience at this very particular location literally few hours ago (07/28 12:10am-12:50am) when trying to order through the drive-thru, it fckn took them almost a fckn hour! I left before I even had a chance to order, I got so fed up and even 2 cars behind us left as well. What's even more frustrating is the idiot at the very last window (where u were supposed to make an order) was just casually talking to the first car in front of us for nearly 45 min, NOT even bothering to tell us whether there was something wrong because the wait was just too fckn long! Fck ur terrible service!!!
5	Great service!! The folks at counter were really friendly and the layout at this location was really nice (comfortable chairs with and decent LCD).
2	it's a toss up for this location and the one on the strip across from four seasons for worst McDonald's. every time I come to this location no matter what I order a large order for three or just a ice cream cone the wait time is horrible. sometimes you'll pull up to the speaker and it takes forever for someone to say anything and start taking your order. there's prob one or two workers in drive thru that do a ok job. I've had my order messed up here multiple times also
1	Worst service I have received.   When I got here around 545am there were 3 waiting and nobody up front.  There was 1 lady wearing a blue shirt who seemed to be doing EVERYTHING even though there were other employees working, she was the ONLY one with a sense of urgency to help guests!   English in here is a foreign language even in front of guests, they don't care.  The only bright spot to this place in the morning is the lady wearing blue and other times a very nice black man who came in at 6am, he is always pleasant and courteous.   NOBODY ELSE SEEMS TO GIVE A DAMN!!!
2	CHECK YOUR ORDER BEFORE LEAVING!!! I'm not one to complain or even care much when my order is messed up; as I work in the food industry, and understand that shot happens.. But it's happened more than 3 times now, at around 12 am- (not a busy time) Just make sure you get what your paying for, it's not fun to get home and not have someone's meal.
