4	We've used SimonMed on two different occasions, and both were satisfactory.  On this occasion my mother-in-law needed some scans.  They were handled quickly with no hassles or problems.We haven't seen the results of the scans  yet.  If we have to go back because they messed up something I will update this, but otherwise it went fine.
1	Second time here and very disappointed. Front staff is nice but the wait time is ridiculous. My appointment time was at 8:00, it is now 8:17. The last time I went here, I waited over 2 hrs. Was suppose to have an ultra sound so my bladder was full of water. I asked a couple of times and all they could tell me was they were backed up...they finally called me back..but it was for my mammogram that was scheduled....told the technician I was suppose to get an ultrasound too and that my bladder was super full and I'd been waiting over two hrs. She went to check with the ultrasound tech..only to find out the front desk didn't put my file with the ultrasound tech. Horrible experience!
2	Came here to have my 20 month old get her leg x-rayed. The place was packed but the waiting room has comfortable chairs and is nice and clean. It would be nice if they had some magazines in the waiting room, but this does not factor into my review, just a suggestion.After waiting 45 min. we were called up to the front desk where they informed us they aren't going to be able to proceed because the x-ray request from the doctors office is missing the word "ankle". Apparently they needed exact specifications that the x-ray was to take place from the knee to the ankle, it did not suffice to simply have from the knee down....They tried to call the doctors office to get clarification but they were going to be gone for the next hour for lunch. Luckily, we were able to get our doctor on her cell phone (yes, our doctor is so awesome that we have her cell) to confirm that the x-ray was to proceed to the ankle.Now, I can understand making sure you do exactly as the Doctor's order but two of the staff members were bickering about whether or not to just proceed. It was very aggravating and what if we had not been able to contact our Doctor? It would have been a huge waste of time, use some flippin discretion for crying out loud!But what can you expect, this is how all medical facilities operate and that is why they get 2 stars, just under par for the course.
5	I have been to SimonMed for various ultrasounds & other tests. Today when I checked in the male person ( I don't know his name), was so kind & happy. I didn't wait more than 10 minutes today, as usual. The woman who did my sonogram & has done one for me before, is so professional. She is very respectful & covers my body, just leaving the part being tested. Exposed. I always have a good experience there & I appreciate the kindness at the times I am not feeling my best.
1	This place is horrible. The scheduling is the worst. They will call to schedule after receiving and order from your doctor, but without approval from the insurance company. Then you reschedule the appointment once they have approval from insurance. You will get to the appointment and the look at you cross eyed because you dealt with a call center and they know nothing including that you are suppose to be there. I don't normally leave reviews but have dealt with a sore right arm for two months while I go back and forth with these people. Lady behind the counter should not be dealing with people as she is rude and horrible, Nancy is here name!!!
1	It's always freezing here, bring a sweater. Wait time is really long. Had an order for CT scan with contrast and the tech tried to tell me I really didn't needs the contrast. Hmmm what about Drs orders?
