5	this just opened (barely a couple of days ago) resto-bar from Junichi Ikematsu (you might know him as Juni) in the heart of Plateau Mont-Royal. it offers izakaya plates (tapas if you will) as well as ramen.they don't have their alcohol permit yet but once they do, you'll find the usual sake, bourbon and beer.the place has 3 counters to sit at, one at the bar, a U-shape at the entrance and one facing the kitchen where you can admire their work. 2 long wooden tables complete the space.i chose the kitchen counter so i can watch their work while waiting for the dishes.the seaweed salad is fresh, toothsome and the vinaigrette is vibrant enough to open up your taste buds.the yakitori (2) is small but loaded in flavor. moist, charred just right and well seasoned, they even make sure of it by brushing more marinade before sending it out of the kitchen.as for the shoyu ramen, the broth is packed with pork goodness. it is light, flavorful and the char siu adds a touch of smokiness to it. half a soft boiled egg, some bamboo and bean sprouts complete the dish.i washed it all down with a yuzu lemonade which is not only refreshing but cleans your taste buds for the goodness to come.from what i remember from the menu, a lobster ramen is offered, some dumplings, an octopus salad and more izakaya dishes.as of right now, the place is somewhat dead. the cooks look to take great pride in what they do and will not send out the food if they are not happy with it.RECAP: place can't serve alcohol yet. no desserts but they are thinking about it. service is attentive and at a decent pace (mind you, they are not busy at all). once they get busy, it'll be easier to gauge the service level.no japanese music here. as a matter of fact, only 80s early 90s rock/pop songs.expect greetings (in japanese) once you set foot in and on your way out.all in all, great food. will have to come back once they can serve alcoholps. $30 including tip for what i ordered. more or less depending on what you get
1	not authentic, period.  Waaaaay over priced for its ingredients and portion. Never trust those local quebec newspapers because they don't know much about asian food anyway and they haven't traveled or experienced much outside of quebec. Another word, they don't know what they are talking about. Ordered the spicy octopus with cucumber. It came out like Chinese Szechuan side dish with lots of sesame oil in it. Cucumber was not even marinated. Any Chinese person could've made a much better version than that. $6 for tiny 5 pieces of octopus and 1/4 of a cucumber? Kidding me. Gyoza was recommended by the waiter. Seriously?!  If you buy frozen leek dumplings from Korean supermarket for your restaurant, at least don't advertise it as "recommendation item". Japanese don't eat leek. Koreans do. $6 for 5 frozen dumplings for what I can buy the entire bag of them. You don't make dumplings from scratch it's no big deal, but just don't pretend people will not recognize it. Finally, the ramen. I had the lobster miso broth. Lobster seafood flavoured MSG was heavily added coz I felt EXTREMELY thirsty afterward. Ramen was just average, not memorable.  Lack of ingredients of traditional ramen. Other local Isakayas had better ramen, not to mention those NYC places or in Japan. FYI, my check was $73 for two ramens, that fantastic cucumber and gyoza and a 350ml drink. Could've had two courses much more promising French instead. What a replica!P.S.When diners review a restaurant, isn't food the most important? Yes you like the decor and the service, but you don't just pay to sit there and admiring the space unless you're in a museum.
4	Minor culinary confession time: I had never had real ramen before. One of those food blind spots that I figured I would eventually correct given the right context. Truth to known, giving my lack of knowledge regarding ramen, I was never quite sure what to look for in good ramen or where even to find good ramen here in Montreal. Well, Chef Junichi Ikematsu, owner of JUNI on Laurier, solved that part for me with the opening of a Ramen Bar in the Plateau, Saka-Ba!. Taking advantage of some vacation time, I went down on a Sunday night with a couple of friends to finally try out some Ramen.Located on Mont-Royal east of Christophe Colomb, Saka-Ba! is a sight to behold when you walk in. Modern in look but still very welcoming - nice touches of Japanese culture (art prints, anime strips on the walls) amongst the wood floors, grey walls and bright red tabletops. The focus of the space is the massive red wrap-around bar which really makes an impression. Saka-Ba doesn't take reservations so depending on when you go, you may end up waiting. We were there for 8pm on a Sunday night and still needed to wait 30 minutes so please take that into consideration.Food-wise, the menu consists of 3 types of Ramen with a variety of Izakaya or Japanese pub dishes available as well. As we were 3 pretty hungry guys on this visit, we attacked the menu with fervour and eat almost everything available. First up, Tako kiuri - an octopus salad with a spicy sauce. Deliciously tender octopus tossed with some cucumber, green onions, sesame seeds and a little sauce - a very nice starting point. The killer here was the octopus - texturally perfect without any of the chewiness one fears with poorly prepared octopus.Next up, Kimchi daikon. Kimchi, for the un-initiated, is a fermented vegetable dish using a combination of spices which typically create a very strong and spicy flavour. In this case, the vegetable in question was daikon. Served in a tiny preserves jar, Saka-Ba!'s kimchi started off softly but packed a strong punch at the end.The third dish was the Gyoza - fried pork and cabbage dumplings. Big fan of these through my multiple Izakaya visits so these weren't hard to enjoy on my end. Nice sear on the dumplings and the filling was quite flavourful - there really wasn't much need for the dipping sauce in my opinion.Next, we had the Kara Age - fried organic chicken with spicy mayo. Probably the best of our starters - great crunch to the chicken while still remaining juicy and tender. The spicy mayo was also on point - even though we ran out of chicken, we finished off the sauce regardless!To follow the path of fried food, we also had the Corn cari - curry stuffed doughnuts. Probably the most disappointing dish sadly - the fried balls themselves were great however the curry mixture inside lacked much punch. It really didn't add anything to the dish and left all 3 of us wanting.The final starter (yeah I know.... what can I say, we were hungry) was the Satsuma Age - sweet potato fries. Served with more of that great spicy mayo and lightly tossed with some paprika, these thickly cut fries were delicious and not over breaded either which was appreciated.And now we reach the main course - the Ramen. Saka-Ba! offers 3 types of broth each with their own extra ingredients to mix with the house made noodles and the boiled egg. First up, the Shoyu Ramen - pork and soy broth, braised pork, bean sprouts, bamboo and green onions. As a first experience with Ramen, this one struck me as a very good one. The broth was rich and flavourful - huge pork notes within the broth. The noodles were awesome - great texture with their own nice taste. The braised pork simply fell apart - so good. The egg added some rich creaminess to the mix and the rest of the ingredients provided some nice notes to the mixture. A great intro to Ramen for yours truly.The second variety was the Ebi Miso Ramen - Lobster and pork broth, miso, braised pork, corn, bean sprouts, bamboo and green onions. The addition of lobster in the broth and the miso brought forth a slightly less pork flavoured broth with not much of a lobster taste to be honest. The final variety was the Tori shio Ramen - chicken and salt broth, pain seared upper leg chicken, fried onions, bean sprouts and green onions. This was a very different profile than the other two due to the lack of pork and the use of chicken. The chicken meat itself was nice and tender and the fried onion brought some crunch. The broth here was quite a bit saltier than the previous two.As an introduction to Ramen, Saka-Ba! hit all the right notes - great decor, nice vibe and awesome food. As someone who hates waiting in-line for any meal (still the biggest reason why I don't return to Kazu), I am not sure I would do so again for Ramen but Saka-Ba! certainly made a great impression on me. As a starting point for Ramen, I definitely feel I got the proper experience to judge future bowls. I'm sure you will as well.Cheers!
3	As I watched others eat I thought, "Wow, once again I feel bad for all these Quebecois thinking they are eating authentic Japanese food." I give it three stars because for Montreal standards, it is edible ramen. It feels like they actually tried.
3	There's a lot to like about Saka-Ba. The short and concise menu, perfect for people like me who have a hard time making up their mind. The friendly staff and quick service. The hopping atmosphere, perfect for grabbing a bite to eat or maybe just some drinks and snacks. The many bars, perfect for watching the staff do their thing. But there's a major thing not to like about Saka-Ba: their ramen just ain't that good. It isn't bad, its perfectly edible, but I've had better ramen in food courts.  If I'm going out to eat ramen, I expect it to be pretty darn great, not impossible considering there are lots of other great places to grab a bowl in the city. So for now Saka-Ba is just alright. I'll give 'em another chance, but I won't get my hopes up on the ramen.
1	Decor was nice, but quickly got bored with it waiting in the long line. Service was slow, cold and forgetful. Appetizers were ok, but what put my experience down was the ramen. Ramen broth lacked any kind of flavor, the noodles soggy and pork portions were too few to remember. First time there, and last I think as well, not a place to enjoy authentic Japanese food. Went in with high hopes seeing all the great reviews on here, left hungrier than when I was seated. Don't believe the hype.
2	Cool atmosphere but overrated for average ramen. I would recommend Misoya instead for ramen.
