5	Fantastic straightening, coloring and cuts. Both myself and my two kids go there - she also gives great men's cuts.
5	Georgia is a Yuko japanese hair straightening expert!  I have traveled for business for several years and came across her when I was working in Las Vegas in 2010.  Since then I have kept my hair straight from different stylists that have this special training. (Years of living with unruly curls and finally a technique that works!). I have not met anyone that does as good of a job as Georgia.  I recently moved to a city that does not have anyone trained in Yuko hair straightening.  I called Georgia up with my available dates and she came in on her day off to do my hair!!I booked my flight and flew to see Georgia.  She also gave me local favorite spots to see and great places to eat while I was there.  I feel like I've spent most of my life in salons trying to explain to someone how to cut my curls and always left in tears or frustrated.  Yuko system gave me a chance to manage and like my hair.  It is my guilty, well worth it indulgence.  Most importantly is having someone trained with lots of experience that can keep it looking great.  Georgia is my hair guru and I would tell anyone to go see her. She knows hair!I'm back in my city with 97 degree weather and 97% humidity and my hair is straight with no frizz!  I'll be seeing Georgia in 6 months.  Thank you Georgia.
5	I've been going to Georgia for Yuko hair straightening for over 6 years. Coming from Southern California, where Japanese hair straightening is very common, to Las Vegas, where it's unheard of (especially 6 years ago), I was lucky to find Georgia. She does a great job, every time.  She varies the length of time the product is on different parts of my head to treat the extra curly hair in the back of my head and just the frizz in the front.  My hair ends up straight and beautifully shiny after treatment.  I can walk out of the shower, comb my hair and be done with it.  It drip dries looking like I blew dry and flat ironed it.  She really knows her straightening and continues to get advanced training and learns new techniques.  And she is a very warm, fun person and it's always nice to see her when I go in, every 9 months or so.  I highly recommend Georgia.
5	OMG! Georgia is the best. This was my first visit. I am half black, my hair very thick and long. I decided to get my hair straighten and cut short, she did a fabulous job! I just love my hair it is cut up to my neck with long layers and with the straightener in it to help it relax without it being so fluffy it looks fabulous!
5	I use to come see Georgia every 4-5 months over 2.5 years when I lived in vegas.I just moved to Colorado!This girl is so sweet! She will do everything to make her costumers happy!My hair was always amazing after the yuko system hair straight and her other good treatments! She was the only one that ever cut my hair without letting me cry over it. She is Very professional and very caring after every time I was there!***********Highly recommended by me and more then one happy friend that was under her amazing hands.Yelp guys u need one more star for this girl!
