3	This is my first time at an IHOP in years!  I did not get breakfast for once.  I got the ham and cheese melt.  Not too shabby!  She let me get it with hash browns (I had to get something breakfasty).  LOL!  The service was fast and she came back many times to make sure everything is ok.
2	Definitely some of the slowest service I have ever experienced.We arrive at around 9:45 pm and the restaurant is not crowded at all. We were a larger party (of 8) so it took a minute for us to get situated. We ordered after a few minutes and that's when trouble started.A couple of the girls had side salads which were brought out after about 20 min which is kind of a while for a simple salad. The rest of our food took 50-1 hour depending on what it was. Apparently the chef was new, as was our server, but it was ridiculous. We could hear them yelling at the cook and him yelling back at the servers and manager. The other two tables at the restaurant could hear too and seemed to also be quite irritated at how long their orders were taking.The manager ended up comping our whole meal which was nice, but we all would have rather paid than have sat there starving for over an hour... All in all the food was okay, but I was soooo hungry I didn't really notice the taste.
5	Paula Cross you are one of the best servers we have ever had! For a late night dinner or breakfast for that matter, you had us laughing like we were long lost family... Ihop you have a real treasure in this beautiful lady! I have already returned to just be served by this lady and if that doesn't mean anything the 15.9 miles to drive here has to. PAULA YOU ROCK!!!
4	This was my first visit to this location. As always, the food was great. However, the service was less than stellar. The waiters name was Ernesto and he was really creepy. He talked under his breath and he made checking in on us awkward because he kept walking away while talking to us. I just disregarded it because I didn't want it to get any weirder, but I ended up leaving him half the tip I usually leave an iHop waitperson. Also, when we first walked in, they were working on a vent towards the front door and there was cardboard and dust on the floor. That grossed me out. I gave it a high review because the food was good and reasonably priced.
5	You know when it is midnight and your hungry you are limited to 24 hour breakfast dinners and 24 hour mexican food
3	very sloooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.but fine pancakes.
4	This visit received a prompt greeting by the hotess/manager after efficient service, food in a timely manner, and as we ordered it. Restrooms were well kempt. And as Forrest Gump says..."that's all I got ta say about that."
1	I just realized why we haven't eaten in this place for a while.  For a very slow Saturday night, the service was less than stellar as well as the meals served.  My husband's meal had hair, my son's order was wrong and so was mine.  The manager came over and apologized, gave us a discount.  However, my husband had lost his appetite then and we just wanted to get done and leave.  We will not dine in this IHOP again.  Disappointing!
3	Food was great once we got it. Cooks missed up/ skipped our ticket so it took more time to get our food. Server was nice.
3	Waiter obed was nice and attentive. I got my crepes dry on the sides not how I usually get hem fresh and soft. Not crunchy !? Everything else was okay there was no silva ware when we sat by the way we had to reach out for one.  Food came out fast it was okay and it was at night btw
4	Crepes, just so good.Fresh hot brewed coffee and free Wi-Fi aren't the only reasons I have to get my IHop fix. I go to IHop for their crepes. IHop offers a great selection of sweet and savory crepes.   From the Sweedish, Nutella, to the strawberry with cream cheese Ihop will surley have a crepe to satisfy your cravings . If sweet crepes aren't your thing Ihop offers a variety of chicken and spinach crepe options, that are equally delicious.  If crepes aren't for you IHop's variety of omelettes and delicious pancakes will surely hit the spot.
1	Consistent bad service and the food is always cold. I have been to a few restaurant owned by the Romulus corp. and I have to say they all have terrible food, dirty dining area, billing errors, and most of all the WORST staff!
2	Took too long to be seated, if it weren't for another waitress who took our drink order im sure we'd still be waiting for them to figure out what tables they have. The sad part is they aren't busy. Well, I have a discount for this meal so I can't really complain to much, it is the only reason I am here. At least the waitress is reasonably pleasant. Hopefully the food is up to par. Slow service at this time of night so be prepared. Nice people though. Food decent but good staff
2	Was hoping for a great experienceMy seven year-old is an IHOP fanatic. She'll notice every one we pass by and wax poetic about the chocolate smiley face pancakes. So, we were really hoping this store would be great since it's a long trek to the others in the Valley and our visit was a reward for our daughter having a good performance.On the positive, the service people were very nice. VERY SLOW, but very nice. Beyond that, my daughter barely ate her pancakes as she said they didn't taste good. Similarly, my wife and I commented to each other that the food was off in taste and temperature.  The delay being seated, long stretches between visits by our waitress, and time waiting for our bill added up. Syrup containers were super sticky. Booth seats were a tad messy. And we had to ask twice about the kids eating free to get things to register correctly. This IHOP isn't bad. It's just missing the service speed and attention to detail to make it a place you want to stop in at for a meal.
2	Sophia was nice but unable to provide good service.  Breakfast took about 45 minutes to come out.  I also ordered a meal to take with me for lunch and all I got was excuses as to why it wasn't ready.  After eating or breakfast she seemed to have forgotten about my lunch order and said it would be another 10 to 15 minutes. That's why I told her my order in the beginning because I didn't have time to wait
