3	As far as airport bars go, this place is average to above-average. It's got some "mood lighting," as it's dark and has blue lights. So that's sort of cool. Makes you feel like you're on a ride at Epcot Center or something.. or maybe that's the alcohol... hmm...Anyway, Fox News Sky Box is often pretty crowded so the service can be slow -- try to snag a spot at the bar, if you can. The bar isn't quite as conducive to chatting with stangers as some other bars are, but that's OK. When I was here last week, at least, the servers were friendly. The food choices were a little better than some other airport bars. I had the mozzerella sticks, though, which hadn't been heated up quite enough. Oh well. Overall, it was an enjoyable-enough experience.
4	Given the high ratio of staff to customers, it took longer than expected to get acknowledged. However, my drink came out quickly, as did my food. The menu items all had cheesy names based on the Fox sportscasters, but that, along with the 24 TV's playing (you guessed it) sports, made it rather entertaining. The food quality was surprisingly good for an airport sports bar--burger was tasty, bacon was crispy but not burnt, and made with actual sharp cheddar cheese. Service was good too. Lorraine refilled my drink the instant it was empty, cleared the dishes and offered the check within a minute of pushing them away, and brought the receipt almost immediately. If I'd been rushing to catch a flight, I think I"d have been fine. Burger, fries, and unlimited Coke, plus tax and tip for just under $17; not too bad for an airport.Overall, it was a bit like the US Olympic swimmers I was watching while I ate--a tad slow off the blocks, but came back impressively to win the gold.
4	If you are ever in the Phoenix International airport within the US Airways terminal this is a good sports bar to stop by. Inside this bar you would not even think you had stepped foot in a bar in the airport. There is an average of 20, 32in TVs here that are showing all sorts of events as well as news. Food is very simply with the typical burgers, pulled pork, wings, etc, etc, etc. Full bar and I would have to say 7 different types of beer on tap. Place is not that big and I just arrived after the Lakers won their series to make it to the semi finals so I was able to find a seat but during the game, good luck with a seat. Service was surprisingly good. If I would ever be in terminal again I would definitely stop in for a drink or some food.
2	On our way to Mexico we decided to eat because we knew it would be hours before we could get a chance again.  We picked this place because it was a sports bar and it had a good menu selection.  All Sports TV, Drinks, and Food in one place....can't miss, right?I ordered Nachos and received a plate of the saltiest chips ever and the thinnest layer of scorched cheese.  So I have to assume the cheese was put on the chips and then micro-waved.  You know you have done this one at home.  Instead of microwaving for 45 seconds to melt the cheese you set the timer for four minutes longer than necessary.  Blech!  The other toppings barely sprinkled only the topmost layer of chips.  Not that it mattered as I had to push this dish away fairly untouched.  I could feel my feet instantly swelling from the sodium content.This place gets a two star rating for the abundance of TV's and the Apple Wood Bacon they serve on their burgers.  Eat somewhere else and come here for the drinks and sports.
4	Yes, by very virtue that this us in an airport, everything is overpriced. But fr a place that serves a captive audience, it's good.  Food comes in decent portions and is actually good. Bloody Marys, while pricey is good. Perfect balance of tomato, salt, spice and vodka.
2	Nice enough service, but the food is mediocre processed crap served at atrociously exorbitant prices. It's like sports stadium expensive. Other airports need to take a page from the PDX play book and restrict restaurants from charging more at the airport location thn they charge at their other locations. $12 is too much to pay for nachos unless there is Kobe beef or foie gras on them. And they have the typical overpriced drinks with the standard "make it a double for only $3 more!" Sure. Why not? I totally want to pay over $25 for one drink and some crappy nachos. Bring it on. At least my hard earned $$ is going to... crap. Is that Fox? Dang.
3	Quick stop right across from my gate before boarding my flight back to Orange County.  Nice little bar like Fox Sports Grill with many TVs with sports on.  Food and drinks are overpriced due to being inside the airport, however I enjoyed my $9 Stella pre-flight.
3	Lots of tvs - check.Beer on tap - check.Inflated prices for being in an airport - check.Maybe it was because I was in here when the US got knocked out by Ghana which gave me a sour feeling.  Maybe not.  I didn't really pay attention to the service, I think it was on point (only got a beer before my plane was boarding).
1	This place really, really sucks. The 'waiter' would have been better off as a Wal-Mart greeter: he's certainly the right age, and while he did greet us, he never actually did the job of a waiter. Since he wouldn't come back to take our order, we waved down some other hapless worker and at least she brought the food out also. Luckily we had a long layover; if it was short we would never have made it. Sadly, we were there long enough to get served. A pulled pork sandwich, of sorts at least. Since I couldn't pick it up due to the soggy bun, I don't know if it qualifies. The wife ordered a hamburger, which, as the menu stipulates, one can either get medium well or well done. Medium? Nope, can't do it. There are plenty of tvs about, but you won't be hearing the games. Instead, I hope you like Nickelback; you'll hear lots of it and bland, inoffensive wuss rock of that ilk. And one final thing I didn't like was being carded (I'm in my late thirties and look it). The waiter also carded a woman old enough to be my mother (I'd guess 65 yrs old) at the next table. Why? Just following the rules! Is there really no point where employees can use even the slightest bit of common sense?The Phoenix airport appears to have a real lack of possibilities in the restaurant/bar category. When it comes to Fox Sports Grill/Sky Box (whatever), you'd be better off going hungry.
1	I was going to give it 2 stars because my server was super nice and great at accommodating my requests, which were numerous, but it really is a one star establishment. The menu is horrible with very little choices and geared towards how men eat. Very lame and the prices are outrageous but of course they can get away with it since it is at the airport. I ordered a lime infused chicken an brie sandwich but I ordered it without the chibatta bun because the last thing I want is a huge sandwich before I get on a plane. I am actually eating this right now. So far I have received a dry piece of chicken with caramelized, barely, red onion, roasted red pepper that I wouldn't call roasted at all. I couldn't taste any lime at all, they left off the "chiffonade" of fresh basil, the brie and the garlic aioli mayonnaise! Are you kidding me! What about "no bun" does the kitchen not understand? I got the brie and the aioli served on the side, the brie was cold of course. Hello, melted brie it says on the menu and it was some weird brie spread, totally gross. I sent the whole thing back to be melted and it was redelivered to me in, I swear, less than a minute. Still minus the basil. I sent the whole damn thing back, made them take it off my check and will never visit this place again.
2	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):5 Food4 Service5 Atmosphere4 ValueAn uninspired menu w/ average barfood at best.  This place obviously doesn't serve anything that appears local, organic, original, creative, pretty, tasty, or cheap - and is more obviously just making its money by forcing itself upon a captive airport audience with no other choices.  Come on, you have to offer at least ONE of those things!  Boring boring boring place.But that doesn't mean the service is bad, right?  Well, when I order a bottled beer and the server doesn't tell me that it's a 20 oz bottle, I'm calling bullshit.  So I see this 20 oz bottle come to me and I just sit in confusion for a moment.  I recheck the menu, recheck the label: yup, no way I would have known (not even any prices on the alcohol).  Obviously a scam to try and get people to overbuy.  So i send it back.  "would you like anything else instead?  we have it on draft too."  no thanks; you'll probably give it to me in a two-gallon boot and then charge me $25 for it.  So i got my food and got the hell out of here.
2	The orange juice is on point, there are lots of tvs playing sports, and they have a wide selection of beer and liquor. However, their western omelette is a big plate of MEH.
1	Skip this place and go to another gate if you have time. If you dont have time, I would reccomend a Nathan's hotdog or something out of the trash.The place reeked of old beer, the waitstaff seemed overwhelmed and were not too interested in making good time despite being near the gates of an airport.
1	If there weren't tv's, chairs, and tables, this place would get one star...The food is beyond awful.. t really is.. Seems like the burger was microwaved...The prices are a joke for what you get...I understand it is in an airport, but give me a break.The service was the worst of all.... It seemed like the waitress was annoyed when we asked for the price of drinks because it wasn't listed on the menu...We won't be back...Garbage place...
3	I was at the Phoenix airport for a stop in between my flights. I guess this place appealed to me because it was a new restaurant to me and I figured to give it a chance. It was a bad choice, but I don't fully regret it. Perhaps I made the first wrong move by creating my own burger. Along with choosing the sauteed mushrooms and guacamole, I expected the burger to come with more than just a lettuce and pickle wedge-- at least some of the basics (i.e. tomato, onions).The service was OK, my waitress was very nice. But towards the end of my meal, I need to go to my gate soon and couldn't find her, so I had to ask someone else to give me my check. Luckily, I made it to my boarding time =DAnyways, the food did get me full, and if you're just there for a drink and to watch some sports this would be a place to go to.However, there were a couple of signs that this place would turn into a Barfly in February, but it didn't mention which date.Hopefully since it will be a different restaurant, the food and choices will be better!
3	I knew that I was going to pay inflated prices for liquor. I would say about 10 per glass. The beer was equally expensive.  The bartender (KIM) made it all worth it : ) She is personable, cute and is certain to take care of you.  Had it not been for her, I would have given this place 2 stars for all the reasons the others have mentioned.
3	I would have given it 2 stars, but they stayed open the latest at the PHX airport, so they get a little love.They wouldn't serve us food, so we had to go next door and get a crappy hotdog from a make-shift Nathan's hotdog stand. (And trust me, I like Nathans, just not here). You get to choose from all of 2 or 3 beers, and watch sports. Well, try to watch sports, half the TV's weren't working. Blah.
2	We sat at the bar in order to watch playoff hockey and we knew for sure they would have it on. We walked up to the bar and the bartender pressured me to switch to an alcoholic drink when I only asked for a diet Coke. I dont appreciate that since it was about noon. My husband ordered a bloody mary, and the bartender asked if he could make it a double. Ok- stop already. we aren't alcoholics, we just want to watch the game while we wait for our flight to board! We felt guilty about "not ordering enough" to satisfy this bartender (side note: the bar was NOT full, and we were NOT taking away stools from people who would have otherwise been throwing wads of money at this guy), so we ordered a basket of fries. when they came, it was less than half a paper plate of stone cold fries. This was especially interesting since the guy down from us ordered a basket of fries and his came out as a full plate, steaming hot. We asked the server who brought them to us to please take ours back and for hot ones instead. after 20 minutes, we had to remind him because no fries had come. We finally got our fries, another half plate, but at least they were hot, so that was a step up. When the bill came, one bloody mary was over $12, so I consider this excessive. We were also there for almost an hour and the bartender never offered to refill my diet coke. Suggestion to folks who visit: try sting at a table instead of at the bar if you dont want to be hassled!
2	Its a bar in an airport so they kind of have you over a barrell. The bartenders are usually pretty friendly. The prices are over the top and the food is not so good. I'd say what do you expect its in an airport, but I have had good reasonably priced food in airports...just not in PHX Sky Harbor.
3	While waiting for my flight, I stopped by this location to grab a bite to eat and some Beer.  I ordered the Sliders for $9.99 and a Dos Equis.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FTA3Qoa7C4aTx_KE75nJ4Q?select=7QswMGBsDlVMSghNg0dPiQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FTA3Qoa7C4aTx_KE75nJ4Q?select=SYf4mzflGy72ly9Eo_fa9whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FTA3Qoa7C4aTx_KE75nJ4Q?select=Z-fST3n5e3h_JZ72td2N6AFor $9.99 you get 4 Sliders....that's a pretty good deal in an airport restaurant.  Most restaurants outside the airport charge that much for 3 Sliders.....deal!  The Sliders were average.....I've had better.  Of course, the Dos XX was tasty and refreshing....ahhh!This place can get pretty packed and it's difficult to bring large carry on bags in here, so be wary.Return Factor - 80%
1	yow!  This place isn't worth a visit.I've been to other fix sky boxes in other airports and I have to say this one is the worst.Ordered a burger with jack cheese, salsa and guac on the side.  Asked for medium rare they said it only comes in medium done.  Burger arrived in a reasonable amount of time.  Was drenched in the crappy house nacho salsa and the out of the package guac was in a plastic continer on the 'side'  Burger was DONE.  not medium or anything in between.   Co-worker orders the mac-n-chees with the italian sasuage.  Mac-n-cheese tasted like it came out of a box and the italian sasuage was a lump of cooked meet on the side.  WTF....our server was plesant and the food arrived in a reasonable amount of time.  The place itself is a little beat on.my 2 cents - walk someplace else in the airport to eat.
3	What can I say?  It's airport food.  I was hungry, got a chicken sandwich.  It was pretty small compared to most ex-airport fare, but it did the trick.  Wasn't great but wasn't bad.  I didn't get sick on the plane afterwards so no harm done, and it was definitely a step up from the fast food dives in the terminal.  Decent atmosphere and my talkative waitress was really nice.  I think they work her too hard.
3	Still think they work her too hard.
4	Always stop in for breakfast before a flight out.Service is always good and never had a bad breakfast.It is pricey... but it is at the airport.
5	This place is located inside the airport. On the Southwest Airline side. So if you have a flight on Southwest on the C gate side you could stop in here.It is not cheap for drinks, it's the Airport.  A Drink on the Plane is $7.00 so it is not bad. Anywhere in the Airport is high priced. That is the Nature of the Beast.They have very good Coffee and you get free refills. They are a very busy place, so you might  have to wait a bit. I suggest if you do not have a lot of time then you should not go to a sit down restaurant.   The food is not over priced maybe not the healthiest food, but that is why we have choices. Thank you Jesus ,lots of choices.   Really good customer Service, they are running non stop in here.
5	This is a great little place inside the Airport, on the Southwest Airlines side. They serve food as a sitdown meal or you can get it to go.The prices are not that bad at all, remember you are at the restaurant inside the Airport.  If you choose to have Alcohol it may be high in price, but that is why there is a choice.They are very busy here, non stop. Our waitress, Rachel was great. Even though she had so many tables she was quick and on it. Breakfast was not bad at all.  If i have time the next time i fly, i will visit them again.
1	If you're in a hurry, or maybe even have a little time to kill before your flight, DO NOT come here. While the servers are somewhat friendly, the entire restaurant seems to be in some type of time warp where "slow" is the only kind of time there is. Many airport restaurants are geared to get you on your way pronto, but this isn't one of themAnd the food, OMG, the food here is disgusting! We ordered the pulled pork sandwich and pot roast... I can honestly say that I've had frozen TV dinners that tasted far better than the slop it took the cook sooooo long to throw on that plate. Just awful, pathetic, and BLEHThe only redeeming quality about FNSB is that they serve Sam Adams beer
1	Slow service but decent breakfast (classic scramble). Only spot in terminal to drink so u are forced to come here. See ya there. OJ in the mimosa is very pulpy, but i still got a good buzz. Very rude servers.
2	Seriously the most pathetic burger I've had.... ever? On the level of a Burger king or the like. With tip I paid $15 for the burger and fries. What a waste - and they even managed to get the order wrong. A buffalo burger that had no buffalo sauce on it. When I told the waiter he made up for it by bringing a little cup of sauce. Oi... pathetic.
1	This place wasn't crowded @ all when I first touched down but it was alive & poppin' when I got back from eating my lunch @ Starbucks. *Confession - The liquor was good (I ordered a Gibson which is pretty much chilled gin w/cocktail onions) but the customer service sucked big eggs!!! Grrr!*I spoke with the bartender when I first touched down to find out where I could get some hot water and he referred me to a bakery that either wasn't in the immediate area or didn't exist. I ended up going to Starbucks to get what I needed & when I returned, I stood @ the bar for @ least 2 minutes until I flagged down a male server to ask if I needed to order from him. He asked if I was placing a to-go order, I told him I wanted to grab a quick drink, & he advised me to sit @ a table & order from female waitress.The waitress (Lori) wasn't friendly @ all. I said hello when she first passed by but she either didn't hear me or flat out ignored me. I grabbed a seat next to a couple that was paying for their meal & on their way out. Not long after I sat down, a gentleman sat at the table next to me and I'm surprised she came to my table to take my order first (before his).When I ordered, of course she asked for ID (I'm used to getting carded), but she also took it upon herself to inform me that my drink was considered a double (as if I couldn't afford a $12 cocktail). Needless to say, I finished my drink, and had to flag down another server in order to cash out my huge bill of $12.01. Luckily, I had gone to Starbucks earlier & had exact change. I'm usually a big tipper, but the only tip I needed to give her was to learn how to be more customer service oriented. I've spoken with friends that have had similar experiences at this same location, so it's likely that I'll have to find another bar in the airport the next time I fly into Phoenix.
1	Slow service and no one cares. Expensive  too but it is the airport. Captive audience.
3	Burgers are actually very good. Prices are .. well.. airport prices. Boring but passable beer menu. Bartender and waiter/waitresess work their tails off.
3	Had scrambled eggs, bacon & potatoes for breakfast. Food was definitely below average...hard to screw up bacon and eggs (and they were fine) but the toast wasn't even toasted and potatoes had no seasoning at all. How hard is it to throw a little salt and pepper on the potatoes?Service was fast and efficient... No problems there.
2	Wings were not good.  They did not have any celery. Wait staff seemed distracted and not all that interested.Lots of TVs for you sports aficianados.
3	Overpriced and typical airport food but nice waitstaff and right by the C gates.  The wait staff hustles and they are pleasant and welcoming.
4	Time for a review update.  Whenever I'm flying out of the C Gates, the first place I go to hangout and way for my flight is this restaurant.  Why?  Because as I pointed out in my prior review, the food is relatively cheap for being located at an airport.  Over the years I've lived in Phoenix, this has become my go to place and it rarely disappoints.Return Factor - 90%
