5	New brewery is awesome.  I love the new setup.  This is where I will be bringing friends when they come from out of town.  Very busy on opening day but I can imagine there will be lots of room once the "buzz" dies down.  A+
5	Oh so excited about this new location!  So much seating inside and outside.  Beautiful setup and decor.  There was a wedding reception here on opening weekend.  I am so glad to see this brewery do so well.  I've been a huge fan from the beginning and am excited to see them grow and do wonderful things for the community.  Great beer options and now such a fantastic atmosphere, I will bring all of my out of town guests here.  This is definitely a must-do in Charlotte.  PROST!
3	Wonderful facility, wonderful beer . Terrible service. Food hasn't arrived yet . Ordered a beer for the wife and me, never arrived.  Hard time flagging down wait staff. They really need to get a good restaurant consultant in here before they lose a lot of customers.  New waitress took over and food did arrive and it was good.  Not fantastic but good.  For the price it should be fantastic.Hope they get it right.  I like supporting local food and drink
2	Good beer. Nice facility. Service is substandard at best. It took our waitress 40 minutes to greet our table...40! I timed it. And no one came over to clean our table from the previous guests...we cleaned it ourselves.  A 1/3 of the menu had big "X's" on the menu items that were not available....weird??? Not impressed with the service at all. We actually left to go eat somewhere else. It's very loud inside too. Makes it hard to have a conversation. Hopefully these are just growing pains in their new location. But they better step it up or they'll be out of business.
4	Authentic, German beer hall! The fella and I ventured in over Labor Day weekend, and the new spot was hoppin' on a Sunday afternoon. The new location is HUGE with tons of parking, an outdoor biergarten with tons of umbrella-covered picnic tables and a food truck the day we were there. We ventured inside to the nice, cool brauhaus which came complete with long, family-style tables, a few single tables, and a comfy bench that ran along the side of the bar. In front of the bar was a ton of space with pub tables for standing. This is definitely not the place to come if you're feeling anti-social since most of the seating lends itself to making new friends and sitting with strangers! There were also a ton of kids inside, and they were giving tours (on weekends only, I think) at 2:00, 3:00 and 4:00.We didn't try any food, but what was coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled delicious. We opted for a flight, which let you try 4 of the 6 beers they had on tap.The only thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars was the service. Our waitress, Fontanella, was awesome and was seriously workin' hard, but she needed more help. As of right now, their theory is that any waiter is your waiter, which can be great if they're all awesome or terrible if no one ever comes your way. Fontanella did her best to get to us consistently, but OMB was packed! Hopefully they'll get that little kink worked out, and all will be well.She also said they're working on getting their free wi-fi up and running, but it'll be another week or so before that happens.
4	Wow. The new place has gone to a new level. More table servers better outside seating. Great atmosphere. The only thing I miss is seeing the brewery from the bar. Congrats on the new place OMB.
2	I had HIGH hopes for OMB in its new location. I've enjoyed coming to OMB to participate in Yoga on Tap and always enjoyed the atmosphere and vibe at the old location. However, I visited the new location over Labor Day weekend and didn't experience the same treatment as I did at the old location. The layout is beautiful, the bathrooms are clean, the grass is green, but the service is TERRIBLE. I was sitting inside with about 6 other people. It took 15 minutes to get someone even to notice that we were sitting there (the place wasn't even that crowded). After asking 3 people if could get some help, a very pleasant woman came by and helped us. We all ordered flights (4 smaller beers that give you the opportunity to taste a variety). When the beers finally arrived a different server brought them....totally fine, but she didn't know who ordered what and she didn't even know what beers were in each flight. So none of us even got what we had ordered. Then we ordered food and all of our orders were wrong. I was very disappointed and a little embarassed since I brought friends there from out of town. My advice to you --- save yourself some time and head over to Triple C, NoDa Brewery or any other lovely brewery Charlotte has to offer. I'll give OMB a few months to smooth out those kinks before returning back.
4	The Olde Mecklenburg Brewery isn't quite the grandpappy of the Charlotte brewery scene. That would probably be Hops (which isn't there any longer). It could be Southend Brewery (also no longer there), or even Rock Bottom (at least it's still there).Aside from several of these places being closed, they all had one other thing in common: They weren't actually from Charlotte, and were parts of larger chains. So in that regard, we'll give the nod to OMB.However, perhaps in a nod to these brethren, they have closed their original place on Southside Drive - currently occupied by Sugar Creek Brewery - and moved into a much more spacious - and considerably less warehouse-like - spot. And it is awesome.Several indoor rooms/event spaces are available, each seemingly larger than the last. But the coup de grace is the biergarten, with table after table in an excellent setting amongst the trees, ready for your enjoyment and partaking of one beer after another on a cool autumn evening (or any evening, really).On the downside is that the food isn't quite ready yet and the kinks in the menu are being worked out, but there are plenty of options on their way. In the meantime, try the pretzels as you enjoy some refreshments brewed according to the purity laws of the Reinheitsgebot.
4	I planned a couple's Stock the Bar shower here with a friend of mine and overall we think the event was a success! Thanks to their beautiful new space, delicious brews, and brewery tour, the guests had a pretty good time! Really, REALLY love their new space! They did an amazing job.The food that we ordered ended up being just right even though we were a little worried about the menu they provided for us to choose from for our party. The Chef came out to deliver some of the items and I always think it's a great touch when the Chef comes to check on you. One star was knocked off for service. Although the servers were really nice and Gina the manager, was phenomenal, seriously, VERY accommodating... they kept switching servers on us- like 3 times and for a party of 18-20 it was very confusing for our guests. Had we had 3 servers helping us the whole time it would have been one thing, but we had one server for an hour, then another server, than another at the end. I chalk this up to them just getting accustom to the new space though. I am sure there are some growing pains that have gotten or will get worked out.  Although we didn't need to use it because our party was more casual and smaller, their event space seems awesome for an event too! Highly recommend looking into it if you're planning an event!
5	Friendly, knowledgable staff. Open and spacious environment. Overall, a great place to sit down and have a few drinks.
3	Came to the new location for dinner with family and the inside was gorgeous. I have nothing to compare it to as I never went to the old location but the new is fabulous. I have had their beers before various places around the city and I like them fine. Their food was pretty bland in my opinion. It wasn't terrible it just wasn't that great. I did a build your own pizza with caramelized onions, mozzarella and some peppers. The dough was a bit thick for my taste and the flavor of the toppings was just lacking a bit. I would go here again to hang out and drink beer but not so much for a meal.
3	I went to an event at the new space and was so impressed I had to return. At our event we only had a few choices of beers, so I just assumed that was a limit on the party, not their standard selection. I was wrong. When I returned, they only had a few beers on tap none of which sounded new or different so I returned to the old-standard Copper. I enjoy Copper and all, but part of going to a craft brewery is trying some new varieties...and that's one place I definitely think OMB could improve. During the party the German food was delicious. Like another reviewer mentioned, many of the items were not available and had big red exes over the items. Haven't they been open long enough to offer the entire menu? This time I tried the Caprese Panini and I was underwhelmed. It was really bland and boring and they forgot to put on the lemon aioli. The German potato salad on the side was really good, so stick to the German menu and I don't think you'll be dissappointed. Service was very slow and forgetful. Maybe it's because it's a big place or because it's busy, but she forgot drinks and I had to track down a random busser for my side of aioli. On  the positive side, this new venue is absolutely gorgeous and would be perfect for an event large or small. The place itself is five stars worthy.I saw a lot of kids so I'd say it is fairly family friendly considering it's still technically a brewery..Overall, I will give them another chance...maybe once it quiets down a little bit and they hit their stride.
2	Tremendous new space and tremendous intentions do not translate into a tremendous experience.Background: Been drinking craft beer since the late 80s rebirth, OMB from the outset of its founding. Still have an original growler somewhere. Yet this new brauhaus -- roughly down the street from the old -- has to go in the disappointment checkbox. And for the oddest of reasons.It seems someone has elevated a parody of Teutonic aloofness and detachment to the new OMB standard. How else to explain menus, walls, anything devoid of info on the beers? The single POS station for a huge space? The frazzled servers just trying to make do rather than make good? Just not a good vibe.It starts with staffing. If you are gonna have table service inside a space of this size you need a minimum of four waiters and four bussers/runners -- great that you have a guy floating around to "explain" the beers, but if you'd PRINT THAT info somewhere (and it looked like there was as empty space in the menus where that shoulda been on the Sunday afternoon we visited) then you can stick him back behind the bar.Stress on the wait staff was evident from the dropped orders (my German potato salad I was really looking forward to got morphed into the house-made potato CHIPS, which are awesome and evil, but still) and the lost beer refill sales.And the beer. Look, I love fresh, local craft beer. But. Somewhere along the way OMB has decided to up the malt and cut the hops. The beers are almost universally too sweet and flat -- at least this batch. The Mecktoberfest remains a decent take on the style, but maybe the move has jarred the output. Either that or stale kegs are not getting dumped in time -- dunno the exact deal, but overall the beer was only meh to good when it should be outstanding across the board.What was outstanding? The German fare on the menu. Shockingly so. A brat that was actually cooked properly -- a little char, firm and rendered thru to the middle; not burnt and raw -- and crazy pretzel parts. Do start with a pretzel app ($3.50) to nosh, but skip the beer cheese add-on ($5.25) which was universally judged less interesting than the mustard, and save almost $2. The pretzel melt was high at $10 (Black forest ham, Swiss cheese & spicy mustard served in between a soft pretzel) but damn good. In retrospect, order a pretzel and two of the melts and a party of four can nosh and drink a good long, happy time.Less successful was the Southwest turkey wrap ($9) primarily because the smoked chili sauce was insanely hot. A mystery on our visit -- all the wing options were X-ed out. Fine. But the takeaway remains -- go German on the munchies.This space remains tremendously popular, even if I do not quite know why. Might be sustainable for a long time at current quality levels. Might not. I'll give it another go in a few months regardless.
4	This is a pretty cool place.  The patio is huge and perfect for day drinking/spending a cool evening. They do not have a huge selection of beers, but I like several of the ones they offer. They serve food as well. It is standard pub fair but does the trick. The facility is brand new and very great atmosphere. The service is excellent. I will be back :)
2	A group of friends and I went here two weekends ago. Since it was a beautiful Saturday, we wanted to sit outside while enjoying their food. Seeing as it was around 2pm, we were ready for lunch, having just come from another brewery! We had heard that they had German-style food, and we were excited. We found out that in order to have lunch from Olde Meck while outside, you had to sit on the sidewalk and not on the gravel. We waited for a table to open up, and then the 9 of us sat down at the table. We were greeted promptly, and the waitress took our drink orders. She came back a little later and took our food order. Several of my friends ordered a plate where you can order two different types of sausage and two side items. After waiting a little bit, my wrap came out and my friend's burger came out. The rest of the group had ordered the different types of sausage. I hate to say this, but there was extreme confusion between the kitchen and the food runners. Unfortunetly, almost none of the sausages were on the correct plate with their correct side dishes. What was frustrating for my friends was that they didn't know what the type of sausages were supposed to look like; they just knew what they had ordered. It took a really long time, and one of my friends getting very upset with the waitress and manager, before everyone got their correct food. By then, we all just wanted to go. We ended up getting the entire meal comped, which was very nice of them, but it was still frustrating. My husband likes their beer, so we may go back again to try the beer. I just wouldn't recommend the restaurant aspect of Olde Meck.
4	Good beer, awesome outdoor area, good live music....you can't go wrong! Highly recommended.
5	Rocking joint. I'm relocating to Charlotte and intend to become a regular at Old Meck. Thoroughly enjoyed the brew. The Dunkel was my favorite. Mecktoberfest was a blast. All the food was yummy, and paired nicely :). Great service, I appreciated that they didn't make the bartenders dress in skimpy little outfits.
5	Love love love the new beir garden. Friendly staff and the best beer going. The sample plates are also amazing. Love that we can also bring the dogs, even if it is outside. Would love to see some live music even if its just a low key open mic
4	I liked the Mecktoberfest: notes of caramel and malt, very smooth and very drinkable!  There are beer by the glass or by the flight options.  There's plenty of indoor seating and a huge outdoor patio area, with a large interesting wall mural next to a viewing area of their stainless tanks.  The gravel parking lot has ample spots. Service at the uncrowded bar was efficient but not the friendliest.
5	I'm not a beer connoisseur, but I know when I like how something tastes. OMB beer is some of my favorite. The building and the lot is unique in a wonderful kind of way. The atmosphere is one where you can come alone, with friends, or with family and feel comfortable. Large outdoor space for social games. Plenty of seating.  They were very intentional about the atmosphere. Food is great. Busy servers and waitresses but that's what happens when you work at a popular joint. As far as I can tell everyone is nice and helpful. I don't have any complaints. Maybe I'm too easy to please. Maybe OMB's just that good.
5	Parking is gravel so wear comfy shoes. Otherwise an awesome place. especially to host a company gathering or private party. This place really has a lot of space, heck even a wedding would be awesome here. The beer is delicious. and tours are free at certain times of the day. Or you can pay for a group tour where you actually get to try what they are brewing. Food here is German themed, and awesome as well. Patio area is great with plenty of space and games like corn hole to play. So I would say its even good for kids. I recommend a visit to this local brewery. Places like this are making a come back and we should keep that alive! Enjoy!
4	I stumbled upon something pretty special in The Olde Mecklenburg Brewery...a German brewery and biergarten that happens to serve pizza!  I could have thought they tried to have too many different things going on in one restaurant (especially when I saw a yoga class going on the biergarten), but I was just pumped to have many of my favorite things in one glorious place.  The only problem was that I wanted to enjoy some German cuisine - besides the 33 oz. beer - as well as pizza.  While there were some wurst options, I was happy to start with their tasty soft pretzel as a prelude to my pizza.The Olde Mecklenburg Brewery has a few different pizza options, and I ordered their Butcher's Block made up of prosciutto, capicola, salami, and sausage with their house made tomato sauce and mozzarella and parmesan cheeses.  I liked the way their crust turned out because it had some spots of very light charring but was soft overall.  The pizza was really loaded with meat that had some good spice too it.  The sauce and cheese were both good but didn't stand out near as much as the meat.  The Olde Mecklenburg Brewery is definitely a place worth checking out on the west side of Charlotte.
4	Good experience.Entrance to restaurant was confusing but was beautiful. Even though they make their own beers, offer wine but NO liquor :( Tea was ok.Pretzel w/beer cheese like other places.Burger was great! Tasty & juicy!Salmon pita was great too!Wait staff helpful and always checking on us.
5	Super impressed! What a great new venue and fun to be had by all!My husband, pup, and I made a casual stop on a sunny Saturday afternoon. This was the place to be! There were lots of pups, families, couples, and groups of friends taking advantage of the day. There is indoor seating with tvs and table food service. While outside, there is a little pop-up bar and food truck station (their own brand). There are about 3 corn holes set up. There is a grassy area for your pup with complimentary doggie bags. Also, if you want to bring your own picnic blanket, do so. Plenty of families were setting up blankets. As you can tell, I was very impressed by the overall atmosphere. If you are lucky enough to bike there, they have bike racks ready for you. Order local brew, get some tasty bites, and have a terrific time here!
4	This is a great new location. The building and grounds are really expansive, and it has the feel of a German beer hall and Biergarten. It must have just opened when I first went, because the food options other reviewers described were not yet available; there was just a ghetto-looking food truck (no service window) parked in the Biergarten. I'm glad they seem to have resolved that issue.My major gripe about this place is about OMB itself. Why are there so few varieties of beer? Why doesn't a brewery experiment with new brews?! The beer selection is generally good, but it's incredibly boring.
5	This is one of the best breweries I've been to.  I honestly can't think of one that tops it.   OMB has really built a first-class place with their outdoor area, private areas, crazy large brewing area, all-shaded parking lot and main room/bar area.On the downside, I've been here a few times, different times of day and it has been super hard to ever find a spot at a table in the main room.  But thats good news for OMB, who ever would of thought that this little ol' brewery would be expanding like this and still bursting at the seams!My food experiences range from Currywurst, to hummus to pretzels.  I've only stuck with appetizers, but if they're a representation of the real meal, the food is awesome.  When we ordered hummus, the sheer amount of it was crazy!  We had to get more pita chips to eat all the hummus and even then we struggled to finish it.  Take the tour - I learned so much when I got to go on a tour during the yelp event.
5	What a great place. Very cool atmosphere and great staff. Really enjoyed this place.
3	Three stars only beacuse the food selection is average. The beer is great and the ambience is amazing, especially the outdoor fire pit area.  What a great place to hang out with friends and enjoy some local craft beer. Highly recommend the copper and dunkel!
2	Lately every time we have came the inside tables all day reserved, yet there is never anyone ever sitting at the tables. Because of this we have left twice for this inconvenience of service
5	Fantastic environment.  The bratwurst were fantastic and even you do not like sauerkraut try it;  it is out standing.   Oh and the beer superb! !
5	Great Brewery in Charlotte, love the new location and love Free Yoga on Tap (Broga = beer and yoga) Tuesdays!
5	What A great find! Loved the family style seating and service was great, friendly, fast, and accommodating. Their food was delicious, and the beers did not disappoint. Ask about a beer flight if you're not sure which brew floats your boat. Highly recommend and will be back!
3	The good, decent beer tour.  The decent, better than average food offering.  The blah, young beer.  Being a craft beer lover, this brewery comes to me as a decent start to what will be good destination for many.  I thought the Copper (flag ship beer) was ok, and tasted a bit young for my taste.  The brewery brews beer according to the Reinheitsgebot purity law and restricts its ingredients to only 4.  After tasting the flight of beers I found that I did like the "Fat Boy" which is a good dark complex stout type beer.  While our tour was adequate intro into a young clean brewery, I will be interested to see how they fare over the next few years.  Good parking available, nice courtyard to relax in but as the place fills up it becomes harder and harder to get good service inside the place.  If you are hungry and it is after 1 p.m. stop and eat before coming to the brewery because it will become next to impossible to get food without a long wait.
3	I currently live fairly close to here but hadn't gone so I decided to meet a couple of friends to check out the Christkindlmarkt. I feel like my expectations were definitely too high. There were very few vendors and nothing of any quality or interest to me. Maybe they had a better selection earlier in the day? I tried some of there mulled wine which could have used some serious sieving but was otherwise fairly tasty. I got a kielbasa dog with potato salad to snack on and while okay I wasn't blown away. I hear they beer is great but I haven't tried it yet, nor did I make it inside. So I shall be back to give it another shot but for now I will leave it with 3 stars.
1	I was really upset with them. A few of us got there early and grab drinks at the bar and didn't get ID at the bar. After others came in we got a table ordered more drinks and never got ID they gave us the drinks. About 20 minutes after we sat down the waiter came over and asked for IDs. After my friend noticed she didn't have hers on her she told him and her boyfriend took her drink before she touched it and drank it himself. After that we tried calling the waiter over to order food and he kept ignoring us. Then he got his manger over to check again. And at that point he was checking mine and didn't give it back right away and started to ask me where I lived. I don't care that he did this. But the fight the waiter kept walking passed us and then told us that if we didn't lie about our age it wouldn't have been a problem. At that point we all got upset and asked who was lying about age. He then told us there was someone there that had told him. When we asked to know who told him that he got his manger. When his manger came over he told us that if we wanted to stay we weren't allowed to have anymore drinks. Upon that we asked for our checks and he told them we could order food Togo. After this I don't think I'll be going back. They were very rude to my friends and me.
