5	I followed my stylist here from her previous salon, and I'm really happy I did!The place is clean, bright and airy.  The desk staff are very nice as well. Scottsdale results on Desert Ridge pricing!
3	My hubzy got a haircut from there,and I got my eyebrows and lips waxed.Haircut turned out okay. He had better.My eyebrows:The technician Chris was very nice and courteous.She offered to redo my brows a couple times too.She put in good effort, and I appreciate that.But I guess different places have different styles and different waxes.It took a total of 45 min to get my eyebrows and lips waxed right.Eyebrows: 15 bucksLips: 10 bucksType of wax used: the type that didn't use the muslin cloth.Compared to Splendid nail spa at Paradise Valley Mall:1. Pricy (Splended nail spa is 12 bucks for brow, 3 bucks for the lips)2. Takes longer (Splended nail spa took 7 min total)3. Not as detail-oriented with facial waxing.I feel that the Vietnamese technician at Splended knows what kind of eyebrow shapes work better for my face (I'm northeastern Asian by decent)So far, I'd say Rowdy is a hip, nice place, very open and bright with cool interior deco,but I wouldn't go back.I stood in front of the bathroom mirror at home and tweezed away all the spots that got missed despite Chris's best efforts.I realize this isn't a waxing place bc it isn't advertised on their website.Now I know better.I'm just a person that cares about the final product vs. the atmosphere.
5	Searching for a new salon after your move to a new city can really be a challenge...but look no further and make an appointment for Rowdy Hair! Stacie was my stylist for the first time last Saturday and she did a fantastic job on my hair.  She was extremely personable and professional the whole time.  You can tell she takes her job seriously and loves it!  I asked her opionion on how much to trim and to get bangs or no bangs and she was completely honest.  She instructed me on each step of her cutting styles and techniques and what products she was using and what they were for.  My hair looks better than it has in a long time! The front desk receptionist was also very friendly and happy to greet each customer! Prices are great, salon is modern and clean, and Stacie is the best! Highly recommended!
5	I moved here a little over a yr ago and have been looking for a salon. My stylist was Cali and she was amazing. She took time to listen, give ideas, and with the cut. I liked that she was honest and gave suggestions on taking care of my hair. The prices are great too!  I'm so happy I found this salon and can't wait to go back!
5	I saw Cali yesterday after reading Julie's review and I was equally impressed with Cali's expertise! My hair has never looked so beautiful. Cali is extremely knowledgeable and knew exactly how to color, cut and style my hair perfectly. The salon was nice too-- very clean and modern. I'm a bit new to the area and I'm so thankful to find a good salon and stylist!
3	I found the front desk staff at Rowdy very friendly and attentive. I love that they use Moroccan Oil products because they are my favorite products for taming my thick, frizzy hair. My appointment was with Stacie. She was very sweet and gentle. I guess I just expected to walk out of the salon looking like I'd had my hair cut. I think she just didn't have the confidence I was looking for in a stylist and maybe that is because I was new to her. In the days after my visit, I didn't receive one comment from friends or family about my hair. No one even noticed it had been cut. Despite asking for 1 1/2 - 2 inches off, I felt like I didn't get any more than a 1/2 inch off and I spent almost an hour in the chair.  I would expect that from a $10 cut at Super Cuts but not for the price they charge. I may or may not go back and give them another shot someday.
3	I've been going to Brianna for color and Michael for haircuts for the past few years. They are the only reason I frequent this salon. The music is way too loud and I feel like I'm at a club during the middle of the day. It's not relaxing to get my hair done there because of the acoustics. Again the ONLY reason I go to this salon is because of Brianna & Michael. And I recently found out Brianna is no longer there. She is top notch at what she does.  A true artist!  Rowdy just lost me as a color customer along with many of my friends and family. We will continue to patron the salon to see Michael and are extremely disappointed that our favorite colorist is not working there anymore!
5	Taylor cut my hair and I definitely recommend her. I'm a guy who is pretty picky about my hair and she gave me my best cut in years.  I'm going to be one of her regulars now.Seriously, ask for Taylor.
5	I've been going to Rowdy Hair since we moved to Phoenix in July 2012.  I have a short pixie style cut.  As all ladies with short hair know, you must have a very talented stylist.  You can't afford a mistake!  And, I have been very impressed with Taylor's talent as well as her sweet personality.  She is very professional and takes care of her clients.  I highly recommend Taylor for anyone looking for an excellent haircut and color.
5	I don't think any of you can love your hairstylist more than me! :) I see Ashlie and she is AMAZING at doing hair. Cut, Color, Style, Highlights...you name it she can do it all! Unfortunately I have dark hair, but I love having my hair super blonde. Ashlie is so meticulous and gets it PERFECT every single time. She listens to what you want, while still caring about the look and quality of your hair. She is sooo adorable and has the cutest personality.  I get stopped all the time asking who does my hair. I moved to AZ 5 years ago and have struggled with finding a hairstylist. I have tried numerous hairstylists, which none really did a good job with the cut, color..etc... I got Ashlie's name from a friend 3 years ago and have never looked back. I would follow her to the end of the world if I had to LOL. Seriously do yourself a favor and see this girl! and be prepared to have her card on hand when people start to stop you in the street asking who does YOUR hair! :)
5	I love Rowdy Hair! The salon is cute and hip and always very clean. Ashlie does my hair and I always leave feeling like I have the best hair in the world. She listens to exactly what I want and never fails to deliver results that I am happy with. I can tell she really enjoys her job and she is passionate about it which makes for a pleasant experience. I highly recommend seeing Ashlie for a cut and color!! I just got mine done today and I feel foxy!
4	On a whim, I decided to treat myself to a new haircut -- something not from Great Clips.  My hair isn't all that complicated and I usually don't fuss with it too much, or spend too much to get it cut, but I figured what the hell.After reading the Yelp review here, I called in at 8:30am and asked for a morning appointment.  I got a 9:30, which was perfect.  The salon is very much what you would expect from a relatively upscale hair salon in Desert Ridge.  Everything was super clean, very friendly.  I was greeted immediately by Lindsey.  My stylist came out and introduced herself and everything was a complete success from there on out.I got a consultation, which I normally never even bother with.  Typical guy, I suppose.  But the cut was amazing.  Night and day from what I'd ever seen before, except maybe for the times I got Groupons for Toni & Guy.  The prices are high.  But you pay for the quality you get and it's definitely, at least in my book, worth it.   Everyone there (and I know this is horrible, but it's true) looks like they just stepped off a movie set.  You are surrounded by pretty people that want to make you look just as good as they do.Ask for Megan.
5	Love this salon! So clean! My hair always turns out amazing and the atmosphere is great. I would recommend to everyone!
4	Nice, new looking, clean salon.  Everyone seems nice and has a smile for you.  Good products as well.  Seems they only do hair, didn't see any nail stations or pedi chairs set up, or waxing rooms.  I liked the gal who colored my hair, she listened to what I wanted, and also gave her own opinion to add a few highlights, which I did!  She did a good job and was very nice.  I will def return and go to her again.
4	I called the salon on a whim, I was visiting from out of town and was happy to get an appointment. Matty ended up being my stylist and he is fantastic. He listened to what I wanted, did a fantastic job, and we had a great conversation. Thoroughly recommend him! When I'm back in town I will definitely schedule another appointment!
5	This is a great place.  Friendly and classy.  Ask for Lauren. She was fun to chat with, loves her job and made me look and feel great.
5	Was referred to Rowdy and was told to go to Christina. But I didn't want to wait so I thought I would take my chances with anyone available. Megan was and I couldn't be happier. Really feel like she listened and helped me! Was very comfortable through the entire cut. Also the price was very reasonable. I think I found my new hairdresser and couldn't be happier. Thanks Megan!
5	I hadn't found a salon since moving here from Chicago. I live in Kierland but didn't want to try a lot of the snotty places. My boss told me I had to try her stylist Michael. She even made the appt. I was changing my style pretty drastically so I was apprehensive. I showed him a couple pics, he asked some questions and went to work. One of the best cuts I've had. Ever. Also, he didn't shove products at me. I asked and he made suggestions. Friendly staff, bright and open space. Highly suggest!
