5	Handled my problems quickly and was very knowledgable! Saved me money and was a pleasure to deal with.
5	I called Bond heating & A/C on Friday regarding an airflow issue. I made an appt for this Monday at 10:00 and he showed up right on time. He checked my duct work and recommended dampers. He also wanted to check my refrigerant level and noticed the level was low. He added refrigerant and recommended I wait on the dampers. After doing all of this, he did not want to charge me. It can be hard to find honest repair work in this town. If you need heating or A/C work, I would highly recommend calling Chris at Bond heating & A/C.
3	I called Bond Heating & Air after a bad experience with another company.  Chris showed up late but called so that was ok.  I was having an issue with the fan turning on and he said couldn't really diagnose what was going on but would charge $650. 00 to replace the fan.  WHAT!!!!! There are three screws and two wires... I said no thanks and replaced it myself for $120.00 (I also changed the thermostat for $40.00 and he wanted $180.00).   Also, he did not charge me for the service visit so that was good but I will not call him again for AC service.
5	This company is far beyond what i expected. They are very professional and will explain exactly what is going on with your unit in language you can understand. They talk TO you, and not down at you. I will be using this company for all my heating and AC needs in the future and will be recommending them to all my family and friends
5	Yes, Chris who is the owner of Bond Heating and Air Conditioning is"as good as it gets."  I have had Chris come to my house to do maintenance checks on my furnace and air condition. He is always punctual, friendly and efficient.  I appreciate how informative he is with what he is doing and is quick to explain any issues.Besides his work, I appreciate that if he is running late, he calls. He respects my time and space.As I have said on Angie's List:" I do recommend him and hope with all the recommendations his business doesn't get so big that he won't have time to help me out the following year."
5	Good company. Fair prices and quality work. Enough said!
3	Actually I would have for sure used your services had you not wanted to charge me over $500.00 for maybe 1.0 hour of labor.  No I did not use you to diagnose a problem, I was hoping it was a loose wire. A three is still average and if your labor rates matched the job to be preformed ,  I would have given your business and a 5 star rating.   I changed these things myself myself after watching how to do it on you tube and did it  a little over 1 hour,  so I know this would have been a  very easy job for you.  Had you quoted me $500.00 for both jobs I would have said yes in a heartbeat.
5	The air conditioning in our rental in Las Vegas went out. Chris from Bond made sure that our tenants did not have to bear the heat.  The estimate was jus right and all the transactions were done over the phone. Highly recommend this company and will definitely employ them again.
5	Can't beat this company for air conditioning service in Las Vegas.
5	Thursday night, the upper floor air conditioning unit failed.  I researched Yelp and Angie's List in preparation of calling an HVAC company in the morning.  Bond Heating and Air Conditioning came highly rated with tons of favorable reviews.  In the morning, I called Bond Heating and Air Conditioning.  The phone was promptly answered by an answering service.  The service said someone from Bond would call back shortly.  Not five minutes later, the call was returned by Cliff.  Cliff stated that Chris was available around 12 pm the same day (this was at 8:20 in the morning).  Chris Bond arrived on time.  Mr. Bond was very pleasant and knowledgeable.  He asked me questions regarding the unit.  Within 15 - 20 minutes the faulty component was found and replaced.  After replacing the component, the fan motor on the compressor failed to start.  He quoted me a fair price to replace.  After looking closely at the fan, Mr. Bond stated it was a part he didn't have on his truck as it was not a common voltage fan and that the fan was more expensive than the fan he quoted, but he would honor his price.  He asked if he could pick up the part and return, stating it would be approximately 45 minutes.While Mr. Bond was away picking up the part, about half an hour later, I plugged the cutout back in, and to my surprise, the fan started up right away.  When Mr. Bond returned, he surmised the fan had overheated and went into protective mode and shut down, then reset when it had cooled down.  He tested the fan voltage, and stated it was well within tolerances and did not need to be replaced, but if it failed, he would come back and replace it, and honor the price he quoted.  I was thoroughly impressed with the service and professionalism of Bond Heating and Air Conditioning, and Mr. Chris Bond.  I had the capacitor replaced on the downstairs unit last year (on a smaller unit), and Bond's price was at least $50 cheaper.  I will not hesitate to refer Bond Heating and Air Conditioning to any of my friends or family if they need HVAC service.
5	Would definitely recommend. Was very truthful about my gas was turned off on heating unit by the last company that did my air conditioning maintenance in the spring. Since there was a reasonable service call fee, technician looked over unit as well as thermostat to make sure everything was working correctly.
