5	Dr. Constantine Moschonas is a friendly, caring neurologist with an excellent and well-organized staff. He is very up-to-date with the latest research and, as I understand it, is very highly regarded in the medical community. He has always treated me as an intelligent person, and takes the time to examine my MRI films with me so I know at what I am looking, where my problem areas are, and how that might affect me. I have not had a single negative experience in his office, and I would highly recommend him to anyone in need of superior neurological care.
5	Dr. Moschonas is AMAZING!!!  My husband & I both have been patients of his. My husband was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre Syndrome & Miller-Fisher Syndrome from a flu shot, which could have killed him.  Dr. Moschonas was proactive with my husband, got him the care he needed in the hospital & had a great bedside manner through it all.After the great experience with his care for my husband, when I was told that I needed to see a neurologist, I said to my pain management doctor that I know exactly who I want to see!  After I told him it was Dr. Moschonas, he said "GREAT! He is great!".The ONLY thing you need to prepare for is that there are sometimes long waits in the waiting room. Some of their testing is unpredictable & can take longer than expected. Call ahead of leaving for your appointment & make sure they are running on time. It is DEFINITELY worth the wait (if you have to wait)!I highly recommend Dr. Moschonas to anyone that needs to see a neurologist!
4	I agree with Kerstin.  A very good doctor whom I met at the St. Vincent DePaul Clinic.  He donates his expertise there once a month to patients without insurance.  Good man.
5	I am a fan! My PC doctor sent me to Dr Moschonas because I've been having some heavy duty migraines. It took almost THREE months to get in, but now I can see why the wait is so long, he is GREAT! Super friendly, takes his time to talk to you and really seems to listen. If you are in need of a neurologist for sure go see him!
1	I met with Dr. Moschonas several months ago and found  him to be one of the most uncaring physicians I have ever encountered.  He is rude and arrogant and has little regard for his patients.  Dr.  Moschonas  needs to develop his level of compassion for others.
