5	I am proud to be the first reviewer of the brand spanking new Yard location in Tempe which, by the way, does not actually hard open until December 9, 2014.  Yesterday (Wednesday, December 3, 2014), one of my buddies heard that the new Tempe location of The Yard / Culinary Dropout was open for business and asked me if I was interested in checking it out.  Being a somewhat regular patron of the location in Phoenix, and a fan of the concept in general, I happily accepted the invitation.  We rounded up another buddy, and the three of us headed to The Yard at about 5pm.   We arrived and entered via the (wet paint) front most entrance, walked down a long corridor, and were greeted with exactly what we expected from The Yard, a very cool open space with both an interior restaurant and covered exterior patio lounge setting with Yard games and a huge bar separating the two areas.  A new addition to the concept, the massive patio space has it's own large bar at the end of the venue that can be closed off and turned into a separate private area.  There were perhaps 60-70 people milling about, dining or enjoying cocktails.  Considering that they have a capacity of nearly 800 patrons, it did not seem busy.  We sat at the bar and were greeted by a bartender -- who through a roundabout conversation told us that they were not yet open for business!   All of the people we saw eating, drinking and interacting were employees participating in real world training!   "But", said the bartender, "here are some menus for you to take a look at -- hang out for just a moment and I'll be right back".Up walks Jason, the General Manager.   Jason reiterates that the hard open is not until December 9th, but that our timing was impeccable.  "Gentlemen, prepare yourselves to the the first real customers of the Yard and Culinary Dropout -- except with a catch...try a few of our specialty drinks, try some food, and it's all on the house tonight".   We were then immediately greeted by our mixologist for the evening, Nick, who spent about 2 hours with us demonstrating his amazing knowledge of everything on the food and drink menu.  We enjoyed the following cocktails --  On the "Two Handed Shandies" list, the Deviant Behavior.  On the "Classic Dropouts" list, the Creature of Habit, Smashed Irishman and Every Which Way But Loose.  On the "Light & Easy" list, the My Suffering Bastard.  Each drink was perfectly balanced, and amazing.   The three of us could not find a bad word to describe these drinks.   Put them ALL on your "Must Try" list!  In there somewhere, we noticed what looks like a "Jameson" beer tap handle with a big red Christmas bow on it.   Inquiring minds must know!!!  Result:  We were each treated to a rocks glass of the Culinary Dropout's very own Christmas Jameson blend.   Think Fireball....except more refined, more upscale, more sophisticated.  Sexier.  This will blow your taste buds away as you sip it. PUT THIS ON YOUR "MUST TRY" LIST!  Also between other beverages, we were each treated to a sampling of the ON TAP Pinot Grigio.  Very cool concept, and quite a good wine with a somewhat sweet aroma and a nice balanced finish.  The ladies will love this.   During all of this amazing cocktail time, Nick took the opportunity to put us together a massive Antipasti board.   We received a huge portion of hot capicola and jamon iberico off the meats list.  From the cheese list, the truffled crescenza, the prarie breeze cheddar along with a few accouterments.  From the snacks list, the toasted ciabatta, garlic oil & balsamic.  The iberico is imported from Spain and it is expensive.  My girlfriend was in Madrid last month and returned with some iberico (oops -- sorry US Customs!), so I knew we were getting a treat.  We were not disappointed!  Nick even schooled us on the very expensive precision machine used to slice the meats.  All I can say is...what an experience!   To top it all off, we received a basket of the (now famous) soft pretzels & house made provalone fondue. I have to believe this will be their single most ordered item.  Recreate this exact spread we received and you'll not go away hungry!   In close -- Tempe will love this place.  The sister location in Phoenix is wildly popular, and I fully expect that this new location in Tempe will have the effect of bringing just the right blend of the college contingent and the 20-40's crowd from Tempe.  Sam Fox is a genius for picking this location.   Jason the GM had a choice when my friends and I walked in last night thinking The Yard was open for business.  He could have asked us to come back once they were open and we would have understood -- but instead he treated us to an extremely unique experience that we will not forget -- and we hope that they will not forget us.  We will be back, probably on December 9, and we will bring friends!
5	I was the other patron with Scott M who wrote the first review. He went into great detail of our experience so I will limit mine. All I have to say is the drinks were amazing. The smashed irishman was an awesome drink. I love how balanced and uniquely crafted the drinks were. They go into great detail when making these drinks and they could be loaded with various types of spirits and you would not have a clue what was in it. Everything balances out to bring a wonderful drink to your mouth. Nick was our bartender and he was on top his game. He answered all the hard questions we through at him and explained all the different items on the menu both food and drink. Jason the GM was great as well. Very thankful for him to give us the ultimate VVIP (very very important person) experience before they were even open to the public. The soft opening is tonight and the hard opening is December 9th. I'll be back on December 9th with friends and other family members to say hello to Nick and Jason and enjoy some great food and amazing drinks and toss a few bags around as well. This is going to be a great hit for Tempe. It will bring a nice diverse crowd and not so much the college scene as it will be for everyone. Keep in mind its no longer referred to as Mill Ave but now "Downtown Tempe" with new businesses going up just off Mill Ave such as Postino's, east of Mill and now The Yard and The Lodge west of Mill. It's more of a district that you can enjoy vs a single strip of bars. Lastly, parking is not an issue here. This is a huge bonus for them with an adjacent lot that has 800 parking spots available which is free after 4pm. You can easily park, play, eat and go home. No fighting for traffic spots and walking a distance to get to your destination.
5	My friends and I attended the grand opening last night after receiving a few VIP invites.  We had a great time.  The appetizers were delicious, the drinks were tasty, and the staff was friendly. There is plenty of room to sit and relax with your friends much like you would in your back yard (if your backyard had wait staff and bartenders). Also, there were many tables if you'd prefer to sit down and have a meal. There were plenty of games to play and televisions if you're into watching a game. I would recommend The Yard to anyone looking to have a fun night out with good food and attractive people, all while avoiding  having to stand for hours and being overcrowded.
5	What a great addition to Tempe. Being a fan of good comfort food, cocktails, live music and games, The Yard is made for me!! I've been to the Yard in Central Phoenix and I would have to say I like this one better. Better ambiance and feel to it. The servers are super attentive and friendly, the food is fantastic, the booze is spot on, the music sets the tone and the games bring out my competitive side. Make sure you check out the Showcase room! Super cool place to have private parties. The Yard kicks ass, oh and so did I in foosball and bags!!
4	It's opening night! I live close to The Yard on 7th st., but work very close to this location. So far, I'm quite impressed. The main differences are that the "yard" here is covered and valet parking is not mandatory here.I spoke with the owner, Sam, tonight and he has been to the Katy Trail Ice House and to The Foundry in Dallas, where I moved here from. Those places follow this same business model, are extremely popular, and I've been to both many times. However, Lee Harvey's paved the way, in Dallas, for this type of establishment at least 30 years ago, and is one of my favorite places to go in all of Dallas. Anyway, I give this place two thumbs up!I only gave it 4 stars because a double Jamison here costs over $20.Ask for the 2 best bartenders Jake and Ivan.
5	For the love of fried chicken and pretzel amaze balls! Today the house infused Jameson's has impressed me like none other. It's a chilly day here in Phoenix so I enjoyed mine with coffee and some house made whip cream...delish! Service here is always fabulous. Tourist or native, hungry or celebrating Sunday Funday make it your place...you won't be disappointed.
3	So excited Fox brought the concept to Tempe! Such a great place to have a low key night with friends and be in a great atmosphere. There are ping pong tables and couch seating areas with little fires for you to lounge and just enjoy the company. A huge space too, so you can really just hang out and not feel overly crowded, even when it is crowded! The service was beyond slow, so I'm hoping that is just new staff jitters and they will work it out. We ordered food, and the food came out before my glass of water that I had ordered from our server. And, it took almost 20 minutes between her grabbing our card and check off of the table to bringing it back to us to sign and leave. I'll definitely be coming back though. A great location and a great place to meet friends in a pretty central location but avoid the college craziness that Mill Ave can be!
1	Excellent food and very impressed with services. The waiter Conor was awesome .I shared with him my list of food allergies and next thing you know the General Manager  Jason took my list show it to the chef and I end  up having a great meal . Very grateful Thank you.
4	I expected this location to be similar to the one in PHX: underwhelming and overpriced. However!!! I experienced something much better.  It just seems a bit more quant..put together..and a place that encourages interaction between  guests and invites you to truly enjoy yourself.Maybe its just the new place...the layout (additional bar outside) or the low key yet swanky atmosphere....I'm not totally sure. This place deserves the hype.
4	New location to the same Yard you know and love. I do like this location better than the Phoenix one. Some improvements? Larger restaurant, TWO bars, and an additional lounge area with fire pits (fun in the winter). They also had some excellent musicians playing live which is always good. Ambiance was amazing...decor and design of the restaurant was impressive as I've come to expect from Fox restaurants. It's a bit too far away from Mill Avenue to be considered walking distance, but for me that was a plus. Negatives? Beer selection was pretty limited. Lame. They really push the specialty cocktails, which is all fine and dandy, but sometimes a girl just wants a good amber-style beer. Is that too much to ask? (Yes, at The Yard, apparently it is.) Also, place closes on weekdays at 11, Saturdays at 1 and Sundays at 10. What is the point of shutting down before 2am? Doesn't make a ton of sense to me as you're marketed as a restaurant and BAR. That said, we had an overall good experience here and no doubt will return.
4	For weeks, I'd been hearing from my husband about how cool "the new Yard" building was in Tempe.  He went to check out the Madison Improvement Club when they first opened and then visited again to see the Yard / Culinary Dropout.  (If only I could get him to exercise at the MIC in addition to visiting... but that's another story!)So when Jared suggested we head over there on Saturday for lunch with the kids, I was game... literally.  (They have several games for customers including a cool grass turf area with bean bags and several ping pong tables as well).  My toddlers loved it!In addition to great ambiance, I found the staff at this latest FRC concept to be super friendly and attentive, and the food was awesome too!I ordered an egg white frittata for myself - it was huge, healthy, filling and I loved it!  The kids shared an order of chicken tenders and fries and The Yard's famous Captain Crunch coated French Toast.  Jared and his dad had Fried Chicken and Biscuits... needless to say, all was filling and we left with full bellies.Gotta love a restaurant that caters to college kids, adults, and is family-friendly in addition.  I look forward to returning for cocktails, more of the menu items, live music, and those comfy couches with fire pits during future visits.  I hope to be invited to a private party in their event space as well... This is definitely a cool newcomer to Tempe, and compelling reason to go outside of my usual 2 mile radius!
4	One sentence, so nice, so cool...
5	Great environment and food. Definitely recommend it, however, the ice to water ratio in the water wasn't optimal for my tastes. In fact, I only got approximately 3 sips before my cup was empty. Other than that minor detail, The Yard is amazing.
3	#culinarydropoutthe double blind. its the only way to have fun there. besides those games if you can get to them. go early. only one shuffle board table hmm. wheres the skeet shooting.HH (Happy Hour) drink deals and food is alright i suppose. but ones gotta eat after a mystery beer and mystery shot (see double blind, above). prepare for the best or worst shots of your life. its $6 as well as some of the food items.its a good with a group. and good with hangovers if you have more than 3 DB's (see double blind, above). the place is roomy, so get lost.ive already been here 3 times. about 1.5 times more than needed. divided by double blinds that equals they should come to my place next time.
