4	My peepers are definitely taken care of here.  I get a lecture every time about wearing my contacts for too long, which makes me know they're doing a good job (and maybe one of these days I should really listen!).  I've seen Dr. Siegel for years now and he's always done an excellent job.  But the real testament to the practice is that I've actually seen two other newer Dr's here and they've both also been extremely friendly and helpful.  The last Dr. I saw, Dr. Klescz, comes highly recommended from me, she was just as great as the others!I also think they do a fantastic job following up with you, whether it be with your annual exam or your order for contacts or frames.  Even if you call and leave them a message they always call back the same day.  That's a great trait to have in a business that I appreciate with something as important as my sight!  The absolute only complaint I have is that I wish they had a funkier selection of specs.  I think they have a wide selection and I DO think the selection has gotten a little better in the past year with the addition of Betsey Johnson frames (yes!) so hopefully they keep going in that direction.  The BEST piece of secret info I can give you....that stupid puff test you do for glaucoma that always makes you jump away like a crazy person....you can opt to have them check it out without the puff!  Yes, I just saved you from puff humiliation!  Your welcome!
5	I miss being a South Sider, but that doesn't stop me from coming back here.  Best eye doctor I could have chosen.  I just went here on a whim and because it was due time to have my eyes checked out.  Best decision I had made.  This new location is by far the best idea they have had.  It feels roomier and nothing like being in an eye doctor office.  I don't mind sitting in the waiting room now.  I feel so comfortable going here and I feel like I am welcomed here.  The eye exams aren't that bad either, especially with how awesome the doctors are.  I had a few different ones being there on different occasions.  I usually see Dr. Siegel while there, but the past two visits I got to meet Dr. Pusz, they are both so kind and make you feel at ease when there.  I once saw Dr. Pusz for and emergency appointment and I felt 100% better after leaving there.The selection is so-so for frames, but I'm sure you can find one to fit your face.  One other good thing about the place is if you have something wrong with your glasses after receiving them, you can just walk right in and they'll have a look at them, fix them there on the spot for you or try their hardest to find the best solution for your problem.
5	Best eye doctor in the city! I went to many different doctors before finding them. Now I will go no where else. I've seen Dr. Siegel for many years now and trust him completely. I highly recommend this office.
2	I really am not a fan. I went here for an eye appointment and to get contacts for the first time. I told them I was very, very nervous about contacts and I had previously been told I was a bad candidate because I've always been really nervous about things in my eyes (for the record, I'm pretty relaxed about everything. I could probably fall asleep at the dentist...but there is just something about my eyes). When it came time for my first appointment to try on my contacts, I was having trouble getting the contacts in. The woman assisting me was getting clearly frustrated with me and had me almost in tears. I told her first thing that I was really anxious about contacts and that this was really stressful for me and she was just short of yelling at me about getting them in.My doctor was the opposite...very nice and patient with me. However, when I told them I didn't feel like my vision was being corrected adequately (both with contacts and glasses), they said I had too high of expectations for what I should be able to see. I struggled to read the last two lines of letters on the chart. I can't read a license plate that is traveling a reasonable distance in front of me. The whole experience was pretty terrible...I can't see great with the contacts and it was borderline traumatic being yelled at over putting in contacts in the first time (only to be completely disappointed with the results). I need to be able to see far distances for my job and we haven't been able to correct enough (I switched job roles in large part due to my problems seeing far distances). Earlier today, I called to order contacts (I had given up and just been wearing my glasses. But for vanity reasons & working with VIPs lately, I wanted contacts as an option). The person I spoke to kept insisting I had never done a contact trial with them, the eye doctor had never seen contacts on my eye and I needed to be trained how to wear contacts, since I had never gone through any of that with them. I was very insistent that I had gone through all of that several times. It was a fight before they finally agreed to order my prescription. I did go through with ordering three months (only because I don't have the time to deal with it right now), but I plan to take my prescription elsewhere and find a new eye doctor.  Terrible customer service and record keeping. Also...a bad selection of glasses. Really cannot recommend.
5	I spent quite a lot of time researching various optometrists in the Pittsburgh area and am very happy I went with Siegel & Portnoy on East Carson. I waited only a few minutes for the first exam, it was busy in the office that day, and the staff was very helpful and friendly. I've been wearing glasses since I was 5 so I know often at other offices, the wait can be quite long once you are in the exam room. My entire appointment (check in, exam, and picking out glasses) only took about 30 minutes. They have a really nice selection in frames, aren't too pricey, and I appreciated the staff assistance in picking out something new. It took only a week to get my new glasses in. I'd recommend this eye care office for anyone local to Pittsburgh.
5	They can get on the pricey side but the friendly staff make up for it. I fidget started going here when I got a very serious ulcer on my eye, I had to be seem every day for a week, then every other day for 2. The staff were so nice and they even discounted a lot of my visits to help out. I recently just got new glasses from here, a nice pair of ray bands. The staff member helping me was great! She took her time and gave her honest opinion. I've never had a problem here.
5	Great office staff!  Very helpful and caring doctors and front office staff!  Would recommend them in a heartbeat!
