5	Best BBQ chicken pizza ever.Definitely a must have.Small place with a few tables. Mainly for takeout.Check it out
4	This is very solid locally owned pizza joint, located between Subway and Pro's Ranch Market at the SE corner of 35th and Glendale Ave.  I've ordered from them about a dozen times and have yet to have a bad pie.  They have the usual toppings but also some more gourmet items like kalamata olives and feta cheese - both of which are really excellent.  Tried a pie a few weeks back based on the owners recommendation - feta and pineapple.  Turns out, that's a winning combo.  I'm a vegetarian, but my wife really enjoys their wings.  And they have zeppoles - which were a really pleasant surprise.  You don't find those out here very often.  I think of them more as a street/festival food.  Anyway, I recommend giving them a try.  Even their $5 cheese is excellent.  I can't see going to Little Caesar's when you have an option like that.  I haven't eaten there.  It's a small establishment.  But they have a large TV to watch if you get there early to pick up your pizza.  And the owners - a husband and wife team - are both really friendly.
5	I had to update this review.   I had a pie from them a couple of weeks back that was outrageously good, probably the best pie I've had in several years.  I'd ordered a veggie pizza and got to talking with the owner, who asked if I liked artichokes.  I said yes, and he proceeded to whip up his favorite pie - artichokes, tomatoes, kalamata olives, red onions and feta cheese.  This pie was by far the best I've had from R Kidd's.  The bad news is, it isn't on the menu because they don't always have artichokes.  My mouth is watering right now as I think about it.  There wasn't anything wrong with the veggie pie, but it went uneaten as we split this masterpiece.Okay, I decided to update this again. I just tried their latest creation - a salad pizza. It sounds pretty strange and is a little hard to describe. I got my previous favorite pie (see above) at the same time to compare them. I was a little shocked, but the salad pizza is my new favorite.  It takes a little more work than your average pie, so give it a couple of extra minutes. But it is totally worth it. I will upload a picture.By the way, they do have artichokes on a regular basis, so you can request those on your pizzas.
4	We just tried Rkidds for the first time tonight. We just didn't want Pizza Hut-again!!! We ordered a pep pizza, Supreme Stromboli, Greek salad Boneless wings and an order of  Zeppoles. We thought everything tasted great and we will order again.
5	We have been searching for a GOOD pizza place for a while. Have tried Lucky's in Peoria, Nick's (now closed) among countless others and RKidds Pizza is NOW OUR FAVORITE! It is hidden between Subway and Ranch Pros Market and definitely worth navigating the crowded Ranch Market parking lot -- discovered it while waiting in the parking lot and saw countless Mexican peeps leaving with tons of pizza boxes and decided to order then and there. We got the special, pizza and wings and really enjoyed it! Wings were a good size and juicy, not dried out like many other places which is awesome! Will be back for sure, just wish you were in Glendale! GREAT JOB RKidds!!
5	One of the very Best Pizza and Wings that I have ever had and I am fat! Very impressed with the service and the price but most importantly I could not get over the great taste of the product. Perfect with football and beer.
5	Best overall value for pizza and wings in the valley. Great food at an unreal price. Also, great service! Keep up the great work guys!!!
4	Popped in for a quick bite to eat as me and the kid were headed to the store. I always wanted to try this place and I'm glad I finally did! We just got the lunch special to share: two slices and a drink. Just a traditional pepperoni and a cheese for the boy - they were excellent! The seasoned crust was delicious and the sauce was excellent and they didn't over do it. Plus, the customer service was great. They went as far as to give me a third slice because the last slice of pepperoni was kind of small. We're moving from this area soon but we'll be returning to grab some RKidds!
5	So, last night I went in to order my favorite pizza with artichokes. See my other review for the details. They convinced me to try the new salad pizza. I thought it sounded a little funky, but very creative, so I decided to give it a shot. I ordered my favorite pizza at the same time, just to be safe. Anyway, I had a slice while I was there and it was fantastic. I brought it home and it is my new favorite pie - which really surprised me.  It even has a hint of spiciness. It was so good, I didn't put on any red pepper or Parmesan cheese. Hopefully it'll be on the menu soon, but if not, you can probably order it from the secret menu!
5	The best pizza. They will even make you pizza that's not on the menu!!! Ask for the fries pizza!!!
5	Great customer service! Amazing food and price is incredibly low. I love this place. Even though I live a million miles away, this is the only place for me.
5	Stopped here for Buffalo chicken salad on my way to school.It was awesome! I was so hungry I asked for large, but it was way too big : ) I could only eat half. Looking forward to be back and try other items on the menu.Great service!
2	The place was small. Nowhere for kids to have a good time at a pizza place. It was cheap but because it wasn't from-scratch dough either. It was like going to little Cesar's. It was okay but I was expecting more of an authentic pizza and something a little greater than what we had, considering the reviews. It's def. not a place to go and chill with a beer and some wings and great pizza on a Sunday afternoon. They don't even sell beer and don't even have fountain drinks. Kinda disappointing. Won't be back here again. Just looking for something different I guess.
5	Some of the best pizza and wings I have ever had! So glad they are right down the street from my house  fast and friendly service every time I am in. Definitely recommend trying them out!!!
5	I was pleasantly shocked by RKidds. I wanted to try something different and this place was a block up the street and we'll definitely be doing there again. Delicious pizza and awesome wings for $15 withing walking distance, talk about a dangerous combination for a failing Pizza Eaters Anonymous member. I highly recommend them over the little Caesars in the opposite plaza
5	Can't say enough about this place! I love their food and customer service  great if you're looking for a small place and some good food I will keep coming back for more!!
5	I really like this pizza and wings shop! They are very affordable and you don't sacrifice flavor or quality. I used to go to Little Caesars for get-togethers with friends for the price and ease but with Rkidds prices and taste I will never go back. My friends all agreed that for a good pizza and wings we go with Rkidds! I have always picked up my order but I wouldn't eat in the place as nice as everyone is it is a warm inside as they are cooking like crazy in there.
5	I go almost every day. Fantastic food and even better service! I personally am a fan on their chicken bacon ranch wrap. But it's hard not to get pizza too. So many great choices!
5	Great place to grab a pizza and wings. The good is really good here and affordable. The owner is very knowledgeable and takes care if his customers.
5	We had another one of the delicious salad pizzas last week. Then, when I got home yesterday from work, there was a menu at our door. They finally added the salad pizza to the official menu! The menu states that it is Caesar dressing, Romaine lettuce, roasted tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, fresh garlic, extra-virgin olive oil and mozzarella cheese.  It is $13.99, so by a dollar it's the most expensive pizza on the menu, but it is so totally worth it.  And, now you don't have to explain what you want, because it's right there on the official menu.
4	Ok pizza.  That and the stromboli are the items I have tried so far.  It's good, but not the best. Maybe like 2nd or 3rd to the pizza places I've visited in glendale so far...
5	Great value! The salad pizza is perfect if you're like me and don't care much for red sauce. The wings are delicious and you won't find a deal for 40 wings cheaper than you can find here. They will even let you choose more than one flavor if you call rather than order online.
