4	Cool place. Didn't get a chance to look around but all the workers was very helpful
1	Purchased few bags of potatoes but less than 2 weeks, started smelly and rejected when tried to returned 2 bags. Brought them back home, after tried to segregated to get the good part, at last nothing was left since all the potatoes were rotten and black spot inside even the outside skin looked good. What a rip off selling a very bad quality stuff to customer when all the purchased stuff end up in trash.
4	As a huge fan of the t.v. show "Top Chef," I was always curious when the contestants would go shop at Restaurant Depot on the show. When I discovered there was one in town, I did some research to see how I could shop there. One big caveat: it's not open to the public and you must have a membership card to even get in the door.The good news is that you don't have to be in the restaurant business to get a membership -- all you need is a valid Nevada business license. If you do a lot of events with catering or where food is served (like me), it's fairly easy to get a card. You can apply in person at the membership desk and membership is FREE. Once you get a card, you can get into any Restaurant Depot location in the country (and yes, every one is pretty much the same but they all have regional differences). Don't expect super cheap prices here. Most of the prices are about the same as you'd pay for buying in bulk at Sam's Club or Costco. What IS a great deal are the giant bags of frozen seafood / prepared foods, the professional grade knives and sharpeners, and other restaurant supplies. I mostly buy Aqua Panna imported Italian water. I used to buy it for $1.89 per bottle at Total Wine but here an entire case of 12 bottles runs about $13. That's not a huge savings, but it's still a better deal. I've also purchased some fun things like espresso spoons, giant cans of olive oil, gigantic jars of hot sauce, and huge cases of cheese and asparagus. If you cook a LOT you will probably enjoy this place. You'll find aisles of food, dry goods (giant bags of beans, huge cans of peanuts, restaurant packs with 12 bottles of Heinz ketchup), chef supplies (chef coats, professional knives, pizza oven supplies), barware (heavy duty coffee cups, spoons, napkins) and just about everything you could need to run a restaurant (menu boards, professional grade blenders, ovens, coolers, wine glasses, cleaning products, pizza boxes, tiny packets of mayonnaise and more). My favorite part of the store is the huge, glorious walk-in refrigerated section. The store supplies bright orange parkas for you to borrow while you browse. In this section you'll find huge boxes of produce, cheese, meat, seafood and more. Don't expect fancy, this is a true warehouse. This is one of the most fun places EVER if you are a foodie. I'm not a professional restaurant owner but I'm so happy I finally went to get a membership.
5	Great place. Great people. Whatever you need, this place will bend over backwards to help however they can. One-stop shop for everything you need for your restaurant. If they don't have it, they will try to see if they can order for you. If a person doesn't have an answer for your question, they will find someone that can. If you need help loading your order in your car, Frank or Peter will fit it all in like a jigsaw puzzle or Tetris! Never disappointed.
