3	Right by Nature is a nice alternative to Whole Foods located in the Strip District.  Their big pitch is that they don't want to be compared to Whole Foods but it's hard not to.The store offers a full-range of produce, cheeses, meats and seafoods, bulk goods and prepared foods.  From my North Side location it's a lot more convenient than the East End.  They offer free parking (with purchases) and it's pretty easy in and out.  All the employees I encountered were very helpful and friendly.The produce is very fresh and there is a nice variety,  There seems to be a lot more room to move around than Whole Foods (maybe just less people!),  The seafood, meat and cheese selections also looked very fresh and had a nice variety.I thought the prices were comparable to Whole Foods, if any lower not by much.  The prepared foods section isn't as nice as Whole Foods and generally Right by Nature isn't quite as "pretty",
4	for the moment, this grocery store is much less pricey compared to whole foods.  they have a good looking salad bar, a half-way decent looking hot dinner bar, and plenty of seats for eating.  the fruit and veggies are very reasonably priced and look terrific.  the cheese selection is outstanding.  today, they provided samples of a bandage chedder which had a great sharp taste to it.  i went back for seconds.  subtracted a star because i've noticed they don't always ring the prices up as posted in the store.  watch this upon check out.
3	This natural-foods store is definitely less pricey than Whole Foods, at least in terms of their produce and dairy.  Some of their specials are even cheaper than you can buy at Stan's, like the time I got organic broccoli for $1, or the organic kale for 49 cents.  (This is the only store where I've ever seen organic produce priced LESS than conventionally-grown produce costs elsewhere.)  For the moment, they also have some really great specials on some of the organic brands of cereal that I love to eat but ordinarily can't justify the expense of buying.  The bulk foods section is adequate, but cannot compare to the Valhalla of bulk foods which is the East End Food Co-op; however, Right by Nature is super-convenient to my North Side home, and EEFC is not.I'm only giving Right by Nature 3 stars because of some of their cashiers.  While the people who work re-stocking the aisles are almost universally great (they know right where to find everything, and they'll have a conversation with you about music while helping you find it), some of the cashiers just are not competent.  One time we were accidentally charged $9 for a loaf of bread.  Another time we got home to find a $6 mystery charge that did not appear to correspond to any good or service we had purchased that day.  This might be because the business is so new and the cashiers don't really know what they're doing yet -- if this gets better in a few months, I might revisit this review.
2	Some really great produce prices, which are what pulled us in.  We got a newspaper flyer from them last week and decided to check it out, based on that.  Still, I kept thinking, isn't this the place [friends of ours] went to and said wasn't that great??The produce is priced well but it seems like everything else is on the high side.  Bulk food section was small-ish, I though.  I meant to bring a pen and paper to write down prices of items I usually buy, to compare RBN, WF, TJ's, and EEFCO - but forgot.  But long grain brown rice was $1.99 here, which is same as EEFCO.  I think walnuts are more at RBN, though.  Basically - don't believe the low price claims!I think we may go back for produce and that may be it.  Free parking is nice, though - they cover 2 hours, which would give you a little time to wander, too.  Parking is covered which is oh so nice.One negative for families is no changing table in the bathrooms.   I had to change a diaper  on the floor of the bathroom on my husband's coat.  Yeah, the floor was pretty clean, but still.  Ugh.  Not a good thing for families!update - they did eventually add a changing table, but I guess their low priced produce and high priced everything else model didn't make many people happy.  Defunct!
2	It seems to be aiming for both the customers of Whole Foods and Trader Joe's, but it ends up pleasing neither. The selection is not terribly wide. Given its proximity to PenMac, its tiny cheese section felt embarrassingly pathetic. Its price doesn't seem to be competitve either.  Data point from Feb. 2009: its half gallon organic milk was actually $1 more than the same product at Whole Foods. The store still seems to be setting up -- spacious to the point of feeling desolate.
4	I go to the grocery store several times a week because I can only carry so much on my bike at once, and Right by Nature has definitely found a place in my weekly circuit. I'll echo what the others are saying - the processed goods are comparable in price to Whole Foods (although I can find my favorite Healthy Hemp bagels at RBN and not Whole Foods) - but the astoundingly low prices on organic produce consistently impress me. I've found cheap, beautiful berries here in the middle of winter, as well as oranges that make me drool. Worth a visit if you're in the area - just keep an eye on the specials!
4	lately when i get berries from here, they go bad a day later.  not happy with this!i still love the store though just may not get organic strawberries, blackberries, or razzies anymore because i end up having to throw them away when the mold appears 1 day later.
4	No, it's not Whole Foods or Trader Joe's, but Right By Nature is a good option for produce and specialty foods that definitely fills a gap in its particular location in the Strip District.  It deserves points for being so close to downtown, where grocery shopping is limited to convenience stores.  The prepared foods are pretty good for taking to go, and the staff is always helpful if you need anything or have any questions.Plus, they have validated parking in a garage on the roof.
5	I've found that, compared to Whole Foods, the produce at Right By Nature is insanely cheap, especially the berries.  And the quality is just as good.Yet another reason to support your locally owned grocery store!
4	Wish I'd found this place earlier.  Prices seem a little better than a bigger, Austin-based, chain competitor, and they've got a much better selection of local produce and other local items.  The free garage parking is a huge plus, too, especially in the Strip.  My new Strip strategy: hit the few really good places in the Strip for specialty items (cheese/pasta/Italian in one place, latino and Asian in others), then get everything else from RBN.
5	I am a big fan of this place.  The produce is, as everyone says below, really much cheaper than organic produce sold elsewhere.  They're the only place I've found that sells local grass-fed beef.  Yes, they have less of a selection than Whole Foods but I've never left the store feeling that I needed to go somewhere else for a product (maybe Whole Foods has too many things?) and their personal products selection is really extensive.  I just really hope more people start shopping here because every time I go it feels really empty (and I'm worried it will go out of business).  Support this locally-owned organic store!!!!
4	just got a new olive bar back by the meat counter!  i just love this store.  the other day i went in and got some turkey meat at the deli, i asked to try some and of course they gave me a sample.  smoked turkey was so good.  i also noticed that when i buy the spinach that comes in the bins over pre-bagged spinach it is much less of a hit on my purse.  just a little tip....
4	As much as I am wary of health food stores. As much as I hate hippies and yuppies, I kind of want to be one. And I want to shop at this health food store. The produce I've gotten has always been good, the people always friendly, the eggs the same price as everywhere else. I spent a good 5 minutes staring at a Danish trying to rationalize buying it even though I wasn't hungry. I'm into it.
2	Right By Nature is a large grocery store peddling natural and organic items in the Strip District neighborhood of Pittsburgh. Selection of dry, frozen, and other packaged goods was wide and varied. I found the staff to be friendly, attentive, and helpful and the shopping atmosphere nice.I was bored to tears with the lack of representation of local and organic produce. The prices were ridiculous, as this store is apparently the Neiman Marcus of grocery stores. With a little clamshell of non-organic blueberries at $6, this place makes Whole Foods look cheap. To get to the point, I'd advise you to just skip the joint if you are serious about your groceries and spending your money well.
3	This is really a lovely market, eco-friendly and full of morals. So it disheartens me to say something negative, but I feel like I need to warn people to...stay away from the sushi!They used to have an awesome sushi chef last year, but he left. So they replaced him with imported sushi from Penn Ave Fish Market. Penn Ave does have the better sushi in Pittsburgh (there is no great Sushi in Pittsburgh). But for some reason, there is a flaw in the process. The last two times I ate Right By Nature via Penn Ave Sushi for lunch I had to take Tums and yes, puked in the office bathroom. I am a veteran sushi eater, so its not like my stomach can't handle it. I'm not sure why I even bought it the second time. I must have the memory of a goldfish about sushi...and men (matter of fact). But that's another story altogether.
4	Great produce. Reasonably priced.  Close enough to walk from downtown hotels.
4	They have some of the best freshly baked muffins in the city.
4	This is a lovely market, eco-friendly and full of products.  With that said, I was surprised by the lack of selection they have for their bread/bagel section.  They have a great salad bar if you wanted a quick healthy lunch.  Overall, its a good market but I think its more expensive than Whole Foods and Trader Joes.
4	Since this post, they have been keeping the sushi in the covered food area. That should be helping! :)
4	It's hipster grocery shopping at it's best! Not too fancy like Whole Foods but "green" enough for those crazy kids! I like this place a lot because it offers up very fresh fruit and veggies. Seriously, you wouldn't believe the difference between organic asparagus and the regular old green kind. Plus they have a really great selection of organic meats and seafood. The thing I really love about this place is the large selection of food to go. It's great that it's right around the corner from work. It's in the Strip District and, gasp, there's FREE parking in their garage if you buy something from the store. No more parking illegal for this girl (well, in this instance at least.) I luuurve that they sell Penn Ave Fish Company sushi to go so that I can just grab that for lunch instead of fighting the lunch crowd at the actual restaurant. They also always have a plethora of soup options Sometimes 8 at a time! And although half of them sound a little scary to me, I can usually always find that delicious tomato bisque I totally crave. I also try to convince myself that it's healthy even though it's probably made with a gallon of heavy cream. But that's beside the point. Annnnnd, their baked goods! You would never guess that they would have such a great bakery, but geeez! It's fantastic! IF there's free samples out, please take them. I watch for no one looking at me in the deli and scarf at least five samples down if I can! But everything is baked fresh to order, cookies, cakes, scones, pies. It's a great place to order a cookie tray, which I KNOW yinz Pittsburghers love! The added perk to this place is thee most friendliest, cheeriest, funniest guy that runs the check out line at the to go good counter that just brightens my days with his prerequisite fist pump. I'll totally fist pump for this place!
4	Every time the boyfriend and I come to the strip this is our default place to park, yes because of the free parking with a purchase downstairs, but also because they always have stuff worth purchasing. We like to get our meat/veggies/dairy/etc local (you've seen Food Inc right?) and this is one of the better places to do just that. I'm a huge (HUGE) fan of Brunton's milk and this is like 3rd closest place to us to buy it from, so that's a staple purchase when we come. We've also bought herbs and random veggies here. All of the employees are super nice and helpful. I haven't met one yet that hasn't had a good conversation with us during check out!
4	All I can rave about is Friday Fest in the strip! "Dio mio" it was so much fun. Parking is a cinch in the garage, especially after a long work day when the last thing you want to do is fight and dart around searching for parking.Not just a long day but long week. I grabbed a couple girls and we headed down. As we entered everyone was so helpful and let us know what to do. So the first thing is to check in, get carded, and get your tickets. I think 10-12 blue and two pink. Pink are drink tickets. I was kind of disappointed but I was in such great spirits I hardly minded.It was insane busy and there were separate stations for small bites, wine, and beer. East end brewing, great lakes, Church brew works, all participated. Even though there were long lines all around it was a jovial atmosphere, no one seemed overly impatient. On a side note "Keep it moving people" there is a long line of thirsty pushers behind you, it's not time for a million questions to the vendor! Our first station had run out of wine and apps. They had these little shot glasses of white wine that was way too sweet and the deviled egg was not calling to me. The big surprise was that the blue tickets were for one snack AND one drink from each station! The pink ended up being for a specialty drink stop. We ran out of time to see what pink was hocking but I had a little warmth going after visiting a few stations, no biggie. Some of the food was not that appetizing by looking at it  but the food that looked good and had people waiting was "muah" perfection.My favorite was this sausage and date pizza from the Church Brew works, then the polenta and lamb plate. I could have been paying more attention to the vendors but the night was all about telling horror stories of sketchy relationships on a much needed girls night. We couldn't stop laughing and goofing around. Royal blue cardigan with a side of bright orange Oranges! I highly encourage all to attend.  As a store I have shopped here plenty and they have some of the best produce in the city. As the event was ending we cashed in the rest of our blue tickets for a few last cups of beer. Sitting on the sidewalk patio this guy from the store was slow cooking pork on a woodchip smoker! The smell was intoxicating, or maybe it was the free booze?? I will be back to try that for sure! A++++++
3	This store is like a Whole Foods Market but with a mom and pop vibe.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Great place.
