5	Fantastic!  4000 Square Feet of Art!  Last week I visited this new location for the third time.  The house on East Blvd. was great.  This new location is Fantastic!  Jewelry, Furniture, Heavy Gauge Wire Sculpture, Pottery and all kinds of gift ideas.  Staff is always friendly and helpful!
5	Beautiful and Modern - Great works in a Fantastic looking space in the Epicenter!  Much smaller than the Elizabeth location, still a great layout and plenty of Glass, Paintings, Mixed Media Projects and some in Wood!  Very friendly staff!  A Tracy Chapman song was playing!
4	A more abbreviated take on the traditional art gallery, this particular Red Sky Gallery represents 1/4 of the retail in EpiCentre. Yup, 1/4. For those who may be lacking in math skills, that means that there are only three other shops in this monstrosity - and I'm counting CVS in the mix. Therefore, it's only fitting that the gallery has made some adjustments in what they display and offer.If you're looking for: a beautiful piece of art, a funky gift or a piece of pretty jewelry, you'll find that here. You won't find walls and walls of 10 pieces per artist, as it's not really the market here. The pieces I did see were interesting, modern and beautiful. Yet, I spent more time chatting with the very friendly staff, smelling the Voluspa candles and perusing the jewelry.Red Sky is a nice addition to EpiCentre, although if you're looking strictly for art, you may be better served visiting their Elizabeth location instead.
5	MOVED!This was a Cool Art showplace, Three stories and a Basement, though I love the Modern look and high ceilings of the new Location on Elizabeth!  New Location is also easier to park!I do not mind if someone (who ever does that kind of thing with yelp) removes my review and this listing.  I'm writing the review in case someone from out-of-town or local, does not waste their time looking for this Gallery that is no longer there!
2	Commercial art. Fine for decorating.
2	This isn't for serious art collectors, more like couch art. This is a retail art gallery for decorations.
5	This is a great gallery with a wide variety of mediums and styles; glass, oils, acrylic, pottery, jewelry, art to wear.  The people who work there are warm and welcoming, friendly and helpful.  The layout is pleasing.
5	This is a great gallery that is open to everyone with a wide range of price points and gorgeous art.  The people there are so warm and helpful without ever being intrusive.Tonight they had a demonstration by one of their artists and it was the best demo I have ever attended.
