1	I was disappointed. I dined in the restaurant Saturday evening. Everyone that worked there was courteous and friendly. Unfortunatley, the food wasn't all that.The chips and salsa were ok, but the refried beans looked and tasted like Rosarita refried beans.I order a 2 item combination dinner and chili rellano side dish.Beef Taco - Beef was tasty, but disappointed in the taco shell - it was paper thin. Chicken Enchilada - bland and saugy. The tortilla that wrapped the chicken was thin and mushy. The chicken was seasoned well.Chili Rellano - it was standard. Nothing spectacular.Mexican Rice - standard.Refried Beans - I'm CONVINCED they are from out of the can!**Overall it was disappointing.**Prior to dining in the restaurant, I went into the restaurant to obtain a menu and I spoke to the hostess. I asked if their tortillas were handmade. She said, "yes". After dining in the restaurant, the tortillas may very well be handmade, but they are handmade paper thin. The tortilla chips were thicker than the taco shell and enchilada. My bill came out to about $15 which is typical of a restaurant of this caliber. But for the same money I paid for this dinner, I could have eatten at a Lindo/Bonito Michocan and listened to LIVE entertainment since it was a Saturday night.One thing that I did notice, there was a large party leaving the restaurant's private dining room. They looked to be Mexican nationals, which I assume were friends of the owners or family. All I could think is "I wonder how these Mexicans liked the food because as a Mexican myself, it was subpar". My reccomendation would be for the owners to check out Leticia's Cocina located in the NW to experience AUTHENTIC Mexican food.
5	I don't know what's up with the hater below, but I loved the enchiladas.  There were two cheese enchiladas with a large slice of steak on top.  The meat was delicious and the filling was creamy.  The carnitas was pretty awesome too (my 1st trip there).  They were good enough to bring me back, obviously.And someone else please tell this guy what Rosarito beans taste like.  Go try the bean dip and tell me it doesn't have flavors of onion and chorizo in there.  This is Lindo, except cheaper and closer to home.  I'm not driving to Flamingo/215 or Eastern/Sahara to eat some Lindo.  This place is like 5 minutes of freeway from me...  Honestly, next time I go to this joint, I'll put up some pictures of the food.  For Tony's $15, he probably figured he'd get lobster tails and a ribeye...
5	DELICIOUS Mexican Food! I was there the day they opened and had the seafood soup-7 Mares and I LOVED it. I have been back quite a few times and every dish I have had, I have nothing but Good things to say and one word says it all-DELICIOUS. The fresh guacamole dip is a perfect appetizer with the chips and yummy salsa.  If you are a soup lover like me don't forget your Tortilla soup before your main entree ;) DELICIOUS! Perfect little cup of a tasty soup.Friendly Staff, and Reasonable Prices. Can't wait to have the Menudo Dish...my next victom :)
5	My wife, sister-in-law and nieces had dinner there last evening. This is the second time we've enjoyed this lovely restaurant since it opened last month. It is beautiful, clean, roomy and the food is excellent. We were attended to by "El Hefe" Jorge himself, and he made sure we had everything perfect. He aims to please and he made our evening wonderful. The wait staff are all attentive and friendly but never obnoxious. Just very pleasing. I especially like their beef enchiladas. The sauce has such a special delicate flavor that I have never tasted before, and the beef is tender and juicy with no fat or gristle. The rice and beans are perfect. Sister had a seafood tostada and nieces had taco salads and cheese enchiladas. Everybody loved their food. This is our new Mexican hangout. One of the best we've ever found in Las Vegas.
5	Being from San Diego, I am very picky about my Mexican food...Mi Tierra is the first place in Las Vegas that has held up to my expectations of good Mexican food.  It is fantastic!  I'm vegetarian and usually get simple items like bean & cheese burrito or chile relleno and they are excellent...but my fiance raves about their meat dishes.The service is excellent and the restaurant is very clean.  The prices are very reasonable.  Overall, there is nothing to not love about it!!
4	This location has been a Mega Cafe and a Cocos, The other day I was driving by and I noticed it was open again, this time as a Mexican restaurant. Today I was working in the area when lunch time arrived, so I gave it a try and am I glad I did.I walked in and was seated, it was early so there was no crowd. The waiter immediately brought the menu, salsa dip and bean dip with tortilla chips and ask for my beverage choice, I chose iced tea. I scanned the menu, a lot of variety. I ordered one of the lunch specials, a beef chimichanga.  While waiting I started eating the chips with the dips, both were very good and the chips were freshly made. I'm enjoying the chips, look up and my meal is already hereIt was a nice size chimichanga, with guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo on the side, with rice and beans. The chimi was excellent, shredded beef and cheese, the rice and beans were average, but good.All this for $7.50 including the drink. I will be back often.The staff was friendly, the food very good and the prices good. Give it a try
5	My wife and I have been coming here since they opened.  They opened up close to our current residence and we have been trying to find a decent mexican place that was close to home.  And we found it. They start you off with some really tasty chips , salsa and bean dip.  YUM!I have had the Chicken \ Steak Fajitas and the Carne Asada Burrito. I have yet to have a bad meal there , the food is amazing and the churros for dessert are AMAZING!. They are getting their liquor liscense soon , and i hope this will increase their busyness and they stay open. Cant wait for my meal there.
3	Yesterday night was my first time eating at the restaurant.  I wasn't blown away but it was ok.  The food was good enough for the price they were charging and the overall experience was pleasant.I had:Carne Asada entree that came with rice and beans.It was pretty tasty, the marinade was delicious and the meat was very tender.  I order medium and the steak came approximately medium rare?  a little bloody but still acceptable. (i don't expect perfect grilling just because they are not a steak house and it's hard to grill to perfection or as ordered.  not too concerned)  The beans were alright and the rice was ok, nothing spectacular but still delicious.  I ordered corn tortillas to go with the meal and they were good.the bf had:Chicken and Steak fajitas.  I don't think you can ever go wrong with fajitas at a mexican restaurant just because in my opinion it's a DIY dish and if the toppings are good you can never go wrong with meat served on a pipping hot skillet.  The meat had a tasty marinade and the peppers and onions were tender enough to enjoy in the wrap.  He ordered flour tortillas and looked pretty delish.  i had a bite of the chicken alone and steak as well and they were good.  I had some onions and peppers later on and they were good as well.  Chips, beans and salsa were endless and their chips are very crispy and fresh, the salsa seems a little store bought but the beans w/ them were tasty.Overall, it was a good experience, nothing mind blowing but i would definitely go back and try other things on the menu.
2	Disappointing was my main feeling with this place. I wanted to love it and I was let down from the minute I realized.. no bar.. no beer.. nothing.. Aqua.. was tasty.. but.. I needed a drink! Best thing.. Chips and Salsa.. Really good chips.. big flaky chips.. really nice flavor.. the salsa.. kinda spicy and was very good as well. My anticipation climbed for dinner. Chicken Fajitas.. Well.  it was disappointing.. Nothing to it.. was . flavorless and really sub par. My girl ordered Carne asada.. like a piece of meat.. no taste.. just there.. Really nice treat was the Tortilla Soup.. really good and hd some spice in it so I was really expecting better food. It was served as a complimentary dish and was a nice treat! Now I wish i had better things to say.. but I don't.. Employees were really nice and I had great service but the food was really plain. No imagination or spice introduced at all. Skip it for now.. let them get a real cook and a liquor license.
4	My husband, daughter and I had dinner, dessert and drinks all for $45.00.  Dinner was delicious and the service was outstanding.  Marcos was very attentive as was our busser.  The food was very good as was my margarita.  Our server guided us through the menu and assisted us in making the right choices.We will definitely be going back again soon.
5	Excellent Mexican food, great service, nice spice salsa, the flan no tiene madre
5	Simplemente  DELICIOSO =0
5	This is a very pleasant restaurant.  Their lunch specials are great with many choices.  The food is wonderful.  When I am craving Mexican food, this will be my go to restaurant.  Their staff is very attentive.
4	I lived in New Mexico very close to the Mexican border for 10years. Good Mexican food in Las Vegas is not easy to fin which has always shocked me. This place is WONDERFUL! Don't judge them by only what is on the menu. They have things for the gringos but also for the die hard Mexican food lovers as well...you may just have to ask! I asked for a spicier salsa and was given the most incredible spicy pico de gallo I've ever had! Friendly service and good food and it's NOT crazy Vegas prices! We plan on coming here regularly!
5	Our first visit but it won't be our last.  Choose Mi Tierra because of restaurant.com coupon.  What a nice surprise.  The food was fresh and delicious and the beer was cold.  We will definitely return.  Juan our waiter was also friendly and efficient.
4	Went there with a restaurant.com certificate.  Food was good not great, however for a restaurant at this price point, the service was very good.
4	It was really good, minus the screaming kid that kept touching my hair. Return factor: YEP :)
3	Been passing by this place for a while now. I saw they had a offer on restaurant.com so decided to give it a try today. For those of you who have never tried this place the offer would be great and of course a nice deal for those who love it as well.We started out with some "Chile con Queso Dip" that cost $7.95. It was very good and we would order this again. The chips that came with is were delicious. I had the "Cheese Enchiladas" that cost just $7.50. It came with rice and beans. The price was very affordable but I wouldn't order Enchiladas again. They weren't authentic tasting.My man had the "Carne Asada Burrito" that cost $8.95. It also came with the usual rice and beans. He did enjoy it and said he would order it again. It was a nicely sized burrito. We each had a couple Margaritas and they were tasty :)All in all we would come back at some point and give it another try but I had to give it 3 stars because of my Enchiladas not being up to par and I would obviously try something else.
4	Me and my husband ate here for the 1st time. It was lunch time and we were hungry.  I think this resaurant used to be a diner because it has a diner feel to it but they redecorated it well. We were seated in a booth and it was comfy. We had chips, salsa and bean dip and they refilled it when we were out. Yay! I had the chicken flautas and it came with beans and rice. What is really nice about this menu is that most of the dishes come with guacamole and sour cream. Not many restaurants just give that out. The food was so good, I can't wait to come back.The restaurant is very clean. There is a bar inside with no gambling.This is located in the Albertson's lot on buffalo at vegas.
4	My new go to spot for a quick yummy lunch!I found this place through a friend and fellow yelper who told me about their lunch specials.  I arrived to be greeted at the door and immediately sat down, there was about 5 other people in the restaurant so there was no waiting at all.  As many others have mentioned, they brought me the chips with beans and salsa. I went ahead with the enchilada lunch special which was wonderful.  All of the lunch specials are $10 and under, and for what you get, you really can't beat that! My service was quick, the staff was friendly, the food was delicious.  I didn't go 5 stars because I didn't get that, "OMG wow the best thing in the world", but it was still very good
3	A solid little lunch spot with lunch specials priced from $6-10.  The atmosphere is a nice, quiet reprieve from the hustle and bustle of the office on a stress filled day.  I like to take my phone for reading and entertainment during a solo mid day chow sesh.  The staff is really nice and attentive.  I can normally get in and complete my meal with plenty of time to spare before my lunch hour has expired.  Although I enjoy Mi Tierra for a midday bite, I can't honestly recommend them for dinner time.  I've been severely spoiled by the gourmet Mexican grub at Bonito Michoacan.  If I have the time to make the drive, then Bonito is my destination.
1	Went to try this place out and it was locked up on a Monday.  The notices on the doors had conflicting messages.  One said they were having technical difficulties and another posted by the landlord said they owe over 80,000 in back rents.. oopsie
