2	Having recently moved to the neighborhood, I'm on the prowl for a new pizza place. I was looking for one that delivered, but Pullano's is close enough for pick up, and I read good things about it, so I thought I'd give it a shot.I probably should have stuck with pizza. But we were in the mood for a full, homestyle meal. We ordered a veal parmesan, a chicken parmensan, two wedding soups, and a burger for the kid. The fact that they had burgers should have been a minor warning sign. The fact that they also have a full Mexican food menu should have been a great big honkin' neon sign.Like most places in the Valley, Pullano's is tucked in a shabby strip mall. Inside, it's very cheery and friendly. The walls are chocked full of sports memorabilia from the local teams they support, as well as some knickknacks, and TVs airing sports. It's been around a while, and that made it rather comfortable and neighborhoody.The staff was all smiles, and after a short wait, had my food ready to go. The price for our meal was around $30. Not bad.Once I got it home and unwrapped it, well, yeah. The veal parm was one of those chopped and re-formed patties, dowsed in a bland tomato sauce, and topped with mozzarella. The chicken was an actual chicken breast, served in the same way, but had the texture of a dog's chew toy (not that I've actually tried one.)On a bright note, the italian wedding soup was really rather good. In fact, we have toyed with the idea of ordering from Pullano's again -- but just soup and garlic bread. Or maybe a pizza.
3	Let's call a spade a spade; there's really not that much that separates Pullano's from any of its competition, of which there is plenty. There's a Hungry Howie's down 51st street, a Ballpark Pizza on Thunderbird, Pizza by Napoli in the opposite direction on T-bird, and a Domino's practically across the street. They all make pizza. They all make hot wings. They will all make your intestines hate you.What sets Pullano's apart from the others is the atmosphere. Pullano's is a fun place to be. There are giant TVs all over the place, blaring whatever sporting event is going on. The walls are covered with team paraphernalia and the occasionally offensive but amusing show of patriotism (like a picture of an F-16 with a guy on a magic carpet shopped in).Pullano's is the perfect place to bring large groups of people. The staff  seems to even prefer the larger groups, probably because they tip better. The menu has lots of specials that cater to large tables. Depending on the day, you can get two for one pizza deals or a large with 30 wings. The wings are a little on the crispy side, but you never get the wimpy little "mini wings" that places like Buffalo Wild Wings or Domino's try to screw you with when you order large batches. The pizza's chock full of grease, but it's filling and tastes pretty damn good. I recommend the Chicken Alfredo pizza if you ever get a chance. On Wednesdays it's two for one, last I checked.I'm sure there's other stuff on the menu, but I wouldn't bother. It's a pizza place. There's a reason why nobody buys tacos at Burger King.
4	This pizza place reminds me of my childhood in the burbs of Chi-town. It's a warm and friendly place to be with multiple TVs blaring the current football game, patrons and fans cheering with every touchdown and piping hot pizza right from the oven! They even have 2-4-1 meal nights! This is the place for your pitcher of bud and your favorite team jersey, Oh, and don't worry, no need to dress up or find yourself a baby sitter.
4	I am a big fan of this place.  While I haven't been there before 10pm and I don't necessarily go there for dinner, it is a great place for cheap beer and free pizza on the weekends.Yes I said that right, Friday and Saturday night's from 10p - 12a it's a free pizza buffet and $1.50 drafts (used to be $1, but I'm not complaining).  They bring out 4 pizzas at a time to the buffet area and they get cleaned out pretty quickly, so make sure to take more than 1 slice at a time if you have a hearty appetite.  They're also a little slow at bringing out new pizzas, but if you plan accordingly, you can definitely get stuffed.  I haven't tried any of the other foods, and after reading the other reviews I think I will stick with $1.50 drafts and free pizza.  But the price is right, the beer is cold, and the pizza is good.  Can't go wrong here.
5	I have to say that Pullano's Pizza is one of the best places to get pizza and wings in Glendale. They give you so many toppings to choose from and a huge variety of wings as well. The service and atmosphere is pretty good, and they keep the bar and dining area separated so you can bring the whole family. I highly recommend the place if you are in the area and want to have a few drinks, and eat lots of delicious pizza and wings.
4	This place has AMAZING wings!!!  I was never a big wing fan, but this place helped me turn a corner in my love for hot chicken wings.  Both the bone in and bone out are DELISH.  OH WOW.  We live in California and have family in Phoenix.  During every visit this place is at the top of the "to do" list.  The pizza is okay - my husband is an East Coast native so he has shown me real pizza heaven and this is not that.  But the wings.........wow.....yum.
3	rhia: food is delicious. service is sometimes lacking. it depends on which waitress and what her mood is. they also forget things that you tell them.summer: the waitresses apparently all have to be memorizers. maybe the recession made paper hard to afford. they never write down what you order. today we ordered mild wings with honey bbq on the side; we got the opposite.rhia: they have tasty 30 cent wings on mondays, however the purchase of a drink is stipulated. plus you get charged more than a buck for a side of sauce. for real?summer: at two bucks for the drink, and three for the ten wing minimum, it's still a decent deal. only your mom is a better bargain. rhia: fun atmosphere. laid back. and it's always busy, but not so busy that you have to wait long for a table.summer: they like the buffalo bills and george bush. a lot. as seen plastered all over the walls. which is a fun setting for a table full of lesbians and our friend cindy. also they have italy place mats that are a good save if you're conversation gets that awkward lull in it.rhia: uh. y-o-u-r.summer: right right.rhia: we're becoming monday night regulars for the cheap ass wings. but any other night, i'll pass.summer: i like to feed the babies the pullookie, delicious pizza-cookie with ice cream, for dinner. (that's not true, i feed them prior to, i'm not that bad of a parent).we agree: good for wings. we don't really eat the other food. we hear the salads are delectable. happy hour at the bar seems like a good bet also, but we really aren't happy hour sports bar kind of girls. believe it or not.
5	I really like this place a lot. There seems to be a lot of families that go here, larger groups. The waitresses are nice and it's clean inside. I like the HD flat screen tv's. They always seem to have sports on which is what you want at a sports bar. ;) I have not tasted the pizza but i have tried their krab salad, cheese fries, meatball sub, and Italian sub. All of them were fantastic. My boyfriend always gets the philly cheese steak with fries. He says it's decent but still not as good as Philly's Best in Cali. The interior is rather simple and not at all fancy but has a homey appeal to it. Prices are good and you get large portions here. Definitely recommend eating here.
4	I love Pullano's!  This place has fantastic pizza and wings!  They've been around since 1979 and are a great place to enjoy any type of sporting event.  Be sure to hit them up on Wednesday for their pizza special.  I always walk away from this place full and happy!
5	This is one of our favorite places to order pizza. We usually get it to go, but have eaten there on occasion. The staff is always friendly. My only complaint is that they make the breadsticks differently each time we order them so sometimes they are awesome and other times they are just okay. I've learned to ask for the pamesan breadsticks as they are the best!  If you have room for dessert, get the Pullookie! It's great!
4	This is definitely a sport's bar. Laid back atmosphere, nice waitstaff. TVs everywhere with all kinds of sports on. I have a buy one get one free dinner coupon from dine4az.com. Waitress was happy about it, didn't get all rude like waitresses usually do when handed a coupon. My boyfriend got spaghetti and meatballs, I had lasagna. The portions were HUGE. You could easily share a dinner with someone. The lasagna was average, not great, not bad. I tried a piece of the meatball, it was very good. I would've rather had that. Meatball was juicy, flavorful, and perfectly cooked. Overall good experience. I heard they were known for their pizza and wings, so next time I will be trying that.
4	MMMMMMM.....chicken wings. These are the best wings in town. Pizza is good too. We go for the 30 cent wing ding night on Monday. Split 30 or 40 wings a couple sodas and leave full for less than $15. The happy hour specials in the bar are pretty kick ass too. Can't beat $1 drafts and free pizza. We have turned all of our friends on to Pullano's (including some of the reviewers here).
4	The pizza is good and the wings are above average.   The decor is very cheesy and the space seems to be crammed.  This place has a decent wing deal on Mondays and Thursdays.  30 cents a wing with purchase of drink.  You must be able to eat at least 15-20 wings a person in order for the deal to be worth it.
4	Good old-fashioned American pizza/tavern here, with $2 pints of domestic beers during happy hour when I was there and appetizer specials as well.  I didn't care so much for the "spicy" pasta sauce since it seemed to be marinara with buffalo wing sauce mixed into it.  Pizza was fresh with a pillowy soft crust and good cheese.  Service was prompt, though a bit traditional - I'm glad that there's another pint of beer in front of me without having to order it, but some of us just don't drink the same beer over and over.
4	I grew up a couple of blocks away from Pullano's, and I still live nearby.My family is from Buffalo, so Pullano's pizza has been our go-to pizza place my entire life. They used to deliver, but it's still worth driving over for a pick-up.The Giant slice lunch special is awesome. The wings are fantastic and the pizza is something I craved while I was living abroad.The owner is usually in the building, and they even provide homemade sweets during the holidays.There is free pizza in the bar after 10pm, and it's worth it, but it goes fast. It's a small bar and it usually contains a a few rowdy people. but since it's in walking distance of my house, it's a place I love visiting.I've only ever had a couple of things besides pizza and they were all great - but the pizza and wings are what they are known for.With football season upon us, make sure you wear your favorite team jersey when you visit, and enjoy!
4	Aghh..good ol College days at ASU West..Pullano's really helped with those 3 hour longg classes...I mean..how can you beat free pizza and dollar PBR's? This place is amazing to get a good pre class buzz on..but dont get your hopes up cuz unfortunately the monotonic instructor will eventually kill the buzz
4	Pullano's is my favorite bar/hang out in the area.  I used to live across the street so it was awesome to be able to walk across the street, drink more dollar pints than you could count (they're 2 dollars now, but still a steal), and get free pizza.  The pizza is great (not the best in Phoenix, but authentic greasy goodness), and the wings are AWESOME (don't miss 40 cent wing night on Mondays).  As mention in another review the owner is there much of the time, he's even thrown a few bucks in the juke box and let me choose the music.  If you went to Maryvale HS or Moon Valley HS be sure to be at the reunion nights that the owner hosts, as they're bound to be better than the real thing.Be sure to check out all of the specials: http://www.pullanos.com/
4	Can't get enough of the wings! So good, my mouth is watering just thinking about them!
5	Moved from Phoenix ten years ago but still crave a cheese pizza and buffalo wings from this place.
5	Ive been here three times.. and I think I can finally make an honest review.  I don't care what pizza you've had, or what sandwich you've eaten, or what wing you've devoured.  You MUST try Pullano's.  For years my favorite NY style pizza has been NYPD Pizza (valley-wide).  Well NYPD... you've been dethroned!. I just moved from Chandler to Glendale and happen to live about a block away from this haven.  As we all moved in to the new place, we ordered Pullano's to go.  We got three pizzas and 40 wings.  Let me tell ya.. if it weren't for the people around me, I could have eaten 24 wings by myself and the a few slices of pizza.  But damn.. i had to share.  I had one slice of the delicious meat lovers pizza and about 6 wings.  It reminded me of the first time I've ever eaten a good slice of pizza and wings.  We went last night for their $5 large cheese pizza night (Wed) and being new to this place, I had no idea why it was so packed (duh), til I saw the special.  We waited for about 10min and were seated.  Jessica was our server and took awesome care of us.  I love it when the servers become your friends and make sure you have the greatest time. Jessica was awesome.Also being Christmas time, someone was passing around cheese balls. I want to say it was the owner? (because he looks like the owner).  Yum!We had a great experience, and Im happy to say I found a new favorite pizza place.Thank you Pullano's!!
5	Friendly service, good food and nice drink specials.  Free pizza Thursday nights.
3	Pullano's is a dirty little sports bar located in a run down strip mall. But, remember, looks can be deceiving. The pizza and wings are some of the best on the westside as well as some of the cheapest. But what really matters is Pullano's happy hour. They have free pizza in the bar until 6pm everyday. On a side note, the way the pizza is set out makes it pretty unsanitary but since it's free... Their drink specials are also pretty good. I usually go for $2.50 margaritas because they are decent tasting and cheap! I'm pretty sure the beer is really cheap as well, but I don't have any experience with drinking beer there. The bar isn't bad at all, but the reason I give Pullano's three stars is because they really overcharged us during happy hour. We decided that getting drunk and stumbling across the street for night class at ASU West would be a decent idea. We preceded to have three margaritas each plus a gin and tonic and a Long Island Iced Tea. When our bill came out only the gin and tonic reflected the happy hour pricing. We were pretty upset, but we didn't have time to argue because we had to get to class. Despite this bad experience, we continue to frequent Pullano's because the food is delicious. The specials are fantastic, as well.
5	The best pizza on the west side... 51st Ave and T-bird.  It's a Mom and Pop shop that I've grown up with... moved away, and happened to go back recently so I can review it. :)They are still the same as always... the same red and white checkered table covers, the placemats of Italy... And the friggen awesome wings and pizza.Holy crap I had forgotten how good they were... and they are now offering other flavors of wings, like Garlic and Parmesan... altho the medium flavor does fine with me. :)The pizza... it's floppy... it's greasy... the stuff falls off, but you can't help but just want to eat more.  ESPECIALLY when you get down to the crust. Their crust is AWESOME.Another couple of cool things... they have1.50 coors lite during races, .99 beers during happy hour, and for those of us who are used to very expensive beers... their normal price is 2.75 for beers.Bar that is attached has all day every day $2 drafts. Service: in the beginning it was iffy... there was no smiling from this chick.  But she seemed to relax with us as the food was delivered and things went well.So... if you want a local place to check out some wings, pizza and beer... go here.
4	My confidant and I returned to Pullano's because we wanted to pregame night class (completely necessary). Our experience was much better this time around. We were under considerable time constraints and our waitress was more than accommodating. She let us order four drinks at once, and she let us pay upfront instead of making us wait for our bill. I was much more pleased this time around, and I hope that our experiences continue to remain positive.
3	I have been going to Pullanos since they opened.  Still the best pizza but the wings have gone down hill over the years.  Now it just tastes like a wing drowning in Tabasco.  Not the flavor it used to have.  Also, the wings are so much smaller than they used to be.
5	I flat out love this place.The Happy Hour here is probably one of the best Happy Hours around this area.The pizza is delicious. The bruschetta is amazing. Some friends and I went to Pullano's for lunch a few days ago and decided to try the Pepperoni chips (which I guess is a new appetizer they've got going on), anyway, if you're one of those people who will pick off the crispy pepperoni on your pizza and eat those first, this appetizer is definitely for you. They also have these really great buffalo mozzarella sticks. YUM!Anywho, the staff is friendly and pretty fast.
4	This place is a great neighborhood bar with a separate side for the restaurant. It's also family owned which is always a plus in by book! I've been here too many times to count and have tried over half of their menu. They have the best wings! I like mine pretty hot and I still go with medium here. Their antipasti salad is a must try, with the house Italian dressing. My least favorite thing on the menu is actually the pizza. It's pretty good, just not one of my favorites. All of their pasta dishes are good and I love their soups. And for dessert, don't miss the pullokie!!!
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers, we love this place.  My husband loves the pizza, I am addicted to their wings....mmm....their wings!
5	I have been coming here for 20 plus years no joke! I love everything about this place especially the wings. The happy hour specials here are the best you can find and they often have free pizza with purchase of a drink in the later afternoon. This place is Right were you wanna be with a large group of friends having a drink and a daily special of wings and pizza!
5	Just moved here from SF and this place was the first place I went to for dinner.  I went with my bf because he wanted to try pizza out here and actually found this place on yelp.   We ordered the Pullano's special as well as some wings and we devoured everything.   I absolutely love this place and fell in love with it the very first time which is a rare case for me no matter what the food is or where it is.  The staff there was super nice and our waitress Jessica was especially nice.  She welcomed me to the neighborhood and made me feel at home away from home.  They also have a bar and occasionally give free pizza there as well.  Also they have different specials everyday of the week so go check it out and see what their special is today!
5	I love this place so much, I went on Wednesday & I'm going back for lunch today.best wings in the city hands down!!!!
5	Perfect neighborhood, locally owned spot. If you want great pizza (and i know pizza,) delicious wings, and friendly bartenders, you need to get in your car and go to Pullano's! Another get thing on the menu is the artichoke scampi, gotta get it. :) This not only is a great place for some food that will really stick to your guts, but just a great place to go with friends, have some drinks and get on the juxbox!
5	This place doesn't need Yelp's blessings or review because it's been here for a 1,000 years and thanks to the food & drink, will be here for a 1,000 more.Huge menu with tons of stuff but pizza & wings are the star. Prices are the co-star. We weren't there for happy hour but methinks if you want to get happy (beer) & full (pizza) for not a lot of money, this is the place to do it.They even have an appetizer that made me like artichokes. (And I HATE artichokes) I think the secret ingredient is magic. Also, perhaps copious amounts of butter.Family-run operation that definitely appears to be a labor of love --- I put this on my Mt. Rushmore of Italian-style eateries in town (along with Uncle Sam's and Santisi Brothers) -- but you can't beat the bang for your buck.
4	Hey, wait a second. Since when are pizza parlors this cool? Not only are they a sit down restaurant and delivery spot during the day, they turn into a dive bar at night. Can't say I've seen much of that! And the beers are as cheap as they get. $2 pints of Killian's Red? So awesome that my liver just flinched.The pizza is just alright. Sweet sauces can be awesome, but only if you have the right crust and cheese to balance that out. On top of that, I know a meaty pizza can get greasy, but Pullano's is excessively so. In hindsight, the $13 for the 16" really wasn't worth it, but maybe if you wait for some of the specials they have on Wednesday, you can sample a cheaper one for yourself. The menu is VERY expansive, too, which tells me you're pretty much gonna get more of the same as far as quality.3 as a pizza place, but a solid 5 as a dive.
5	I've driven by this place countless times, but never went in until a friend told me about the 99 cent beers and free pizza on Friday nights (after 10:00).  I was skeptical and was sure there was some sort of catch, but there really wasn't.  The place was packed and of course the free pizza probably isn't their 5 star best offering, but still a great place to start your Friday night (though we have accidentally stayed til close more than once).  The service is also great, our servers have always been attentive with us never sitting there with an empty glass.  I will definitely be back!
5	Amazing wings ! Authentic New York style
4	All kinds of Happy Hour Specials. On Thursdays, you get free pizza for Happy Hour, What! That's right free pizza! On Monday's you get $0.40 wings. Get their wings extra crispy. Marty is an awesome Bartender. keeps the drinks flowing.
1	Attended a recent event food served outdoors rather than inside . No vegetarian salad options as promised for our event. Place seemed more interested in pushing alcohol. . I would recommend if they have future events to serve indoors . Place has large eating area inside which I would recommend for future event planners
3	They have a really awesome lunch special which is a HUGE slice of pizza and 6 wings. Their pizza is eh and so is their wings but the main reason i go to this place as much as i do is because of their BOMB ASS chile limon wing sauce! ITS DELISH! I've also tried their lasagna which is ok, but they have this plate with 5 giant  cheese ravioli's and thats really great. Its salty but delicious! for being close to home and a mom and pop, this place isnt not bad. I'll keep coming back!
3	Overall, this place is alright and gets the job done. Pizza and wings are their specialty and I can't really find a reason to criticize! Well, save for a couple of key points...I found the sauce on the wings very watery and fluid rather than viscous and sweet, It gave the wings a very slimy texture in my mouth that just didn't feel right. I'm hoping that that was just a fluke on their part.Ordered a supreme pizza. The ingredients on it were a mixed bag. The usuals, veggies, pepperoni, mushroom. Oooh shout out to the mushrooms which were actually very very good! And finally, the pizza dough was baked extra crispy so every bite had a satisfying crunch sensation that's so easy to rave about! =)Also, I hear this place has killer happy hour specials and I'll be back I'm sure eventually and hopefully I can bump this place one star up if they redeem their wings!
4	I have been coming here for YEARS! they have great wings, cheap beer and a dive bar vibe that is easy to chill in. I'm a fan.
3	without regoing to this place i will raise my rating based on what Ive heard from others who are fans of their food. When I attended the pizza seemed to be popular, staff was friendly.
1	Gag. Gag and a half. Not only was the food pretty gross, the experience itself was ridiculous. Let me just start by saying that my husband really are very laid back people. We both HATE to complain about food. Neither of us are extremely picky. I promise I am not that person that complains constantly about places. This place came highly recommended from my boss, who is in love with their food. She talks about it all the time. My husband and I were craving some Italian, and I suggested we go here. The exterior itself looks pretty shady, but sometimes hole in the wall places end up being amazing. Not the case here.  We sit down and review the massive menu. My husband sees that they are doing $0.40 wings. He decides to do that. When the waitress comes to take our order the following stipulations were explained if he wanted to take advantage of the deal-You can only get 1 flavor. (ok, I guess that is not that big of a deal)-You must order a soda (annoying...but whatever)-You can't leave the restaurant with them. She literally told him "If you don't eat all your wings, we are going to throw them away. You can't take them with you." (Extremely annoying, petty, and wasteful)OK fine. I will get the wings and stick to your stupid rules. And then this happened:Waitress "Ranch or Blue Cheese?"Husband "Can I try one of each?"Waitress " well, you can only have one per order....I mean I guess I can do that for you, but I have to charge you extra for it"Seriously? I tried to stifle my laughter, but the entire wing conversation had been so obnoxious, it was laughable. It would be one thing if she was nice and was just trying to follow the rules, she was pretty rude. OK so my husband gets his order of wings in, after agreeing to the "wing laws". I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. Safe choice. Not. My meal came with soup. Meh. Nothing great. The food comes, the wings are decent. I laughed again when I saw the spaghetti.  I am not exaggerating  when I say that it was noodles, on top of tomato soup with microwaved meatballs on top. Yum! My husband looked at my plate with a "wtf" face. We took a picture of it because of what an amazing failure it was. My husband said "The only time I have seen spaghetti like that is when I try to make it at home."   I'm pretty sure the waitress knew that it looked nasty. It was a drop and run. We didn't see her again for 20 minutes. I eventually flagged her down and sent the food back. My husband asked if I would like to share some wings with him. We order another small order of wings. They were again, just ok. I ordered the raspberry chipotle wings, they tasted like bottled BBQ sauce. Nothing amazing. When we finished our food, we waited another 15 minutes for someone to notice us. 3, yes 3 waiters walked right by us. It was obvious that we were done. Their were napkins on both plates and we were just sitting there. One waiter walked by twice.  And we still sat there. Finally our waitress came back took a couple dishes and disappeared again. They must have a freaking amazing break room or something. The best part was when I turned around to see if any employees could come rescue us, and a big group of wait staff are standing in one little spot watching the game. mmmk. cool. We'll just wait til you are done there.   So lets review, bad service, awful food, bad location, wing laws. No thanks. It would be one thing if you had amazing wings, but the wings are just average. They are neither here nor there. I would rather go to Native New Yorker's for wing night. They don't care how many ranches you want. hahaEDIT:After this was posted, I received a viscous, profanity filled response from a stranger who was apparently HUGELY insulted that I didn't like a trashy restaurant that he considers a 5 star establishment. So I share my bad experience on a website that was created to keep others in the know and I get attacked with insults and derogatory comments? So guess what Pullano's, I just dropped a star on my review. You are disgusting and so are your loyal patrons.
4	I am originally from pittsburgh and this place has the ambiance and food that reminds me of home.   The pizza is good but I absolutely love the dry jerk cajun wings.   I like their subs too.
5	Amazing pizza and wings! Great place to watch AZ sports
4	Haven't been here in a while, but have to say returning was like finding an old friend.  Great deal with a coupon, but kind of pricey otherwise(that is for people like me on a budget).  Had the Pullano's Special (about $25) and some wings (40 for around $23).  Also had the large cheese pizzas ($12.99 w/ coupon)  Great food, energetic atmosphere, definitely a great place to grab a slice and watch a game.  We were in a party of 7 and I almost double tipped.  Didn't see that added 18% gratuity until after signing the receipt, so if you've had a few BEWARE.
4	Omggg Pullano's, where do I even start? First of all, this place is crazy close to us, which is a huge bonus :) Ever since "Daddy-O's" (gag me) took over Casey Jones (such a sad day), we've been looking for a new cheap bar that has a good atmosphere.Enter: Pullano's! My boyfriend's brother told us about it and we finally went a couple of weeks ago... score!! We've been back twice since and, if we didn't keep ordering practically the entire menu and EATING IT ALL, we would go back more often...The pizza? Awesome! Customize, order straight off the menu, whatever. Certain days they offer crazy specials on pizza (one special offers you a large pizza for free, if I recall correctly), so that's always worth looking into.Great prices on pitchers of beer-- end of story. Get crunk (or watch your friends get crunk-- DDs are our friends!) on pitchers of beer from $9 (domestic) to $13.25 (seemingly everything else).The servers are all young and very friendly, which is totally sweet. We've never had a mean or grumpy server-- huge plus. You may even get lucky and have one of the owners serve you, which is so cute, in my opinion.Thursdays are the days to get wings (although I don't know if this changes...?? Call or check online). When we went (on a Thursday), wings were $.40 and, according to my boyfriend, really good.I'm personally a fan of the pizza (duh) and the happy hour prices for appetizers-- um, $4 for a GIANT plate of bruschetta? Yeah, sign me up!The only "downsides", if you can call it that, is that the place is ALWAYS busy. We've gone on a Thursday night, a Saturday around 3 p.m, and a Friday around 8... not "dead" times but not exactly hopping... but Pullano's was BUSY. Be prepared to wait 5 min. more and have to maneuver around large parties (that inexplicably like to push their chairs into the aisle...)The other thing is the menu--- holy crap. Be prepared to sit there for a solid 10 min. trying to understand it all if its your first time there. The menu is HUGE and the print is really tiny. I mean, I'm practically blind, so take that with a grain of salt, but still. It's tiny print. Just be warned.That said-- don't go. This is my bar, y'all ;)
3	The pizza and wings are really tasting. The service was great, but the location and atmosphere left something to be desired.  I would hit up pullanos again, but only for take out.
1	Ate dinner there tonight and was very disappointed. It was very loud in the restaurant side of the place. T.Vs blaring with the sound on multiple different stations. We ordered 2 different pizzas and when ordering I specifically asked the waitress if the mushroom were fresh or canned. She assured me they were fresh. Being they had stuffed portobello mushrooms on the menu, I thought they must be fresh. Our pizzas came out with slimy canned mushrooms. The dough was good. Nice and thick but the canned flavor ruined the whole quality of the pie. We also waited 15 minutes after we were all finished with the meal for the waitress to come and ask how the meal was and get the check. She, nor the manager offered to take off any portion of the bill. Over priced. Poor service. We will not be back.
3	I met a friend at Pullanos on a Monday night, and they were broadcasting MNF. There is two sides to the restaurant, a bar type side with high tables and lots of big flat screens, and then theres a dining side with long tables to accomodate large parties. We sat ourselves and our server Amber wasnt terribly quick to approach us, but she was nice. After she took our drink order, another server came and asked us to move because she supposedly had some big party that was going to arrive. Now, we were sitting at a table that could accommodate a party. However, there was a perfectly fine table right behind ours that she could have sat them at, and left us alone. i could see if the place was super packed, but it wasnt, and they never even used that table that was behind us! it was completely open the whole night.  That pissed me off a good bit, and this is why i gave the 3 star rating instead of a 4. Anyhow, our server brought the drinks and took our order. Now...i have a love affair with wings, and im starting to venture into the spicy side of life. so after consulting with Amber, i decided upon the Super Hot (or as the reciept says, XXXHot). The only difference between the Hot, and Super Hot is that they dont put butter into the sauce for Super Hot. Sounds like a peice of cake, right?HELL NO.it literally took me 30 min to finish 10 wings with this sauce on it. With snot in my nose and tears in my eyes, at wing no. 4 the midsize 2 alarm blaze in my mouth could only be smoldered with lots of ice, and sips of water. After that, i had to eat them one at a time, then take a break. Everytime our waitress came back to check on me, i was one wing less. I think she knew i was struggling, but she didnt laugh at me once. I did not leave that table till i finished them all, and i actually enjoyed the challenge (apparently the Super Hot is no. 3 on the totem pole. She said they have one with the Ghost pepper in it. Ouch). A gentleman sitting next to us ordered a VERY delicious looking pizza, along with two big bowls of wings. said it only costed him 25 or 30 bucks. So if you love wings, and like em hot, you need to give this place a shot. The food was great tasting (and looking) and i would love to come back and try something else. the menu is huge so you have lots to choose from.
3	I had never heard of Pullano's before tonight and decided to try this place out because we had a great value coupon.My fiance loved the spaghetti and the meatballs were really good. The pizza however was just OK. It had an odd sauce that was too salty, although it wasn't necessarily bad. The bread sticks were nothing to get excited over.The restaurant itself looked like a lot of fun, but we ordered take-out. We decided that this place was a little expensive for what it was and it probably isn't somewhere we would go without a coupon.
5	Awesome happy hour! Th-Sun after 10pm free pizza and dirt cheap drinks. During the day the food is great as well. Could use a update looks a little divey. Still gave it 5 stars for value on happy hour.
5	Best antipasta salads!!!
4	I have heard some very good things about this place. recently went with my boyfriend and two other friends in...December? November? So the pizza...delicious. The cheese poppers..whatever they are called are the best part, in my opinion. I will return in the future. The cheese popper appetizers are what will make me return to Pullano's. These mom and pop restaurants/retail stores put the chains to a shame. This is one of those mom and pop restaurants.
3	Not the greatest but they always have great deals... Hard to resist! Usually a great crowd too!
5	You can't go wrong with pizza and wings from this joint!
4	The bar is separate from the restaurant.  I was in the bar and man, did it get rowdy.  The food was good.  Great selection of booze.  Friendly service.  The place could use some serious cleaning though.
3	The Pizza is okay you can find better down the street at Rays. But the wing selection, good drink selection and the always lively bar section make this place worth going back to.
2	I've definitely had better pizza. I ordered half peperoni/pineapple & half combo. Like others have said, the toppings DO fall off. Even the pineapple was falling off which shouldn't happen... The mushrooms on the combo side were from a can in water. They were pure white and floppy; I picked them off. The pizza was Extremely greasy, like overly greasy. The crust tasted similar to Domino's. I would not recommend this place.
3	Friendly service, great place to meet up with friends & hang out. Picture of draft beer was kind of price. Pizza is a little greasy but no more than rays or other similar places. Wings are really good but they are $1 a wing. They do offer specials, look for those :)
5	Fun place to eat.  The staff are so willing to meet your needs, including the effort of making a pizza (Taco Pizza) that is no longer on the menu.  An excellent pizza, I might add.  One of the best Taco Pizzas I have had the opportunity to try.  Some of the hot wings my hot wing loving family have had.  Will be going back very soon!!
5	Omg these wings are the best around, and I will drive to get good wings. Thank god I only live 5 minutes away. Go on tuesdays for the wing special, get the rasp chipotle and jerk flavors and ask for Jessica. :)
5	I've been coming to Pullano's since 1991 when there were only a handful of tables on the north side by the entrance and two servers. Salad are good and I'm told the pasta is good as well, though truth be told in 22 years I've never eaten anything there other than the pizza and wings. And with how good they are, there's virtually no reason to eat anything else. Wings have gotten a touch pricy but still the best I've found in town. Never have had toppings fall off and, frankly, asking for it slightly well done makes it absolutely perfect. I can't say enough about the place.
4	Great pizza, probably some of the best I've ever had. They're specials are unbeatable. They're wings are good but the bone-ins had a couple deformities which I hate (broken bones, weird shapes, etc). The sauces are good so I usually just get boneless wings. All in all, not a bad place to catch Sunday night football.
4	Visiting the Glendale area, I wasn't sure what to expect.  But this had the best reviews out of the Sports Bars in the area, so it got our business, and did not disappoint.The service was excellent, as were the pizzas and beer.One thing I thought was very cool is that one area is the "restaurant side," and the opposite area is the "sports bar" side, so no matter what kind of evening you're looking for, it seems like Pullano's is a great place to try out.
5	A five star review is very rare, this place deserves five stars though. There pizza and wings are amazing and I would recommend this place, and have recommended it to most of my friends. Good date place also!
4	Coming from NYC it's been a struggle to find a reasonably priced Italian meal  that's decent and edible without going broke. I live in this area and find the food at Pullano'sto be very good tasting and the portion size is a good value. The wings here are also top notch and for a local joint  ya can't beat it.
3	Our first time here, my nephew and I. We walked in the bar side. Lolz. I was so lost. Haha Great selection on the menu.The garlic grunch banana bell pepper bread was awesome. :))))Slow service. I had three people who helped me....rhe check took foreverrrr Yeah. ..idk if I'll be back. :(
5	walked in thinking i would simply order a pizza to go. WRONG!! after being greeted by shelby, i bellied up to the bar, ordered a beer, ordered my pizza, and then ordered spicy chicken dingers while i waited. best way to end a friday, i think. thanks, pullano's!!
3	Was invited by some friends to try this place as they told me that the 20 minute drive to them was worth it, I actually drove for 30. And i must agree that it was a-ok. the staff were nice and the pizza was good and the Honey BBQ ribs were great! The only thing is that i didn't see any Rainbow flags in the place...
1	My family and I have been regular customers of Pullanos for as long as I can remember. We love their pizza and wings special. It is our go to spot when we have a craving for delicious pizza and wings. Well, my last visit to Pullanos was a great disappointment and may have been my last visit. I was charged for 4 ranch, when in actuality I only had 3. PLUS I ordered pizza and wings, which you would think a couple ranch would at least be included with the wings. Celery was also ordered which was a $0.75 charge (again, why would this not be included with hot wings?) This company is going to nickel and dime itself out of business. I hope the extra $3.00 they scored  from my ranch and celery was worth many future visits from my family and I.
5	Ok  been here 3-4 times and finally taking the time to write a short review.  This is a great spot for wings, pizza, salad and subs!!  So far  my top in the Phoenix area  everything I have had.... I have loved.  Im sold it is not to close to my house but Iam convinced I need to drive to get great pizza, lots of flavor and it heats up fantastic the next day (the cheap pizza sometimes is good but doesnt taste like anything the next day!)   the winds are great  and if you like heat  they got it.   the italian sub is great toasted cant wait to go back again for lunch  $7.99 1/2 a sub and salad  great dressing salads are fantastic.  Im sure their pastas are just as good will be there soon to try them out......Customer Service is top notch   servers and very attentive to your needs and freely let you know if a special is a better deal for you.  great place you will love it!!
3	Good place to hang out and have beers with the guys. Your nightly little pizza buffet is a nice addition. Italian food here is bad but the pizza stands out
4	Great staff that really appreciates and takes care of the regulars!
4	Came here for their Wednesday night special, $5.99 for a large cheese pizza. Got here around 8 & were seated right away, they have plenty of TV's for watching the game.  Service was pretty slow but we weren't in a hurry. The pizza was GREAT! More like a pan pizza (thicker crust).  We had half leftover so we had dinner & lunch the next day for $6! Awesome! Their menu was huge & I noticed they had quite a few other weekly specials. Will be back next Wednesday :)
1	Worst customer service ever. The reason I say this is because I had gotten a coupon in the mail for their pizza and wings which I'm sure is heavily circulated because I get them once a month usually and I figured I would call and try it. Well I drive all the way over to pick up my pizza and wings and low and behold I get there and noticed that I forget my coupon so I ask them is it okay if I get my pizza and wings this time without the coupon I live about 5 miles away and didn't want to drive all the way back just to get a coupon so the girl told me NO. I have asked for a manager and a manager had came out and I asked her the same question only to get the same answer so I left without paying for my food which would have been an extra $10 because I had forgotten the coupon the manager knows if these are heavily circulated and could have gave me a pass but chose not to so for that reason I give it one star and I will never return to this place again
4	First time at Pullano's.  My husband was raving about it and has been eating there for years.  We didn't eat in, we just ordered and went and picked it up.  We got an extra large pepperoni and sausage pizza, mild wings, my daughter got the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries and tiramisu for dessert.  The pizza was awesome, one of the better pizza's I have ever had.  However, my daughter and I were disappointed with the wings.  Although, they were good size and meaty there was no wing sauce on them and they were not very crispy at all.  It was like eating a "naked" wing, not our favorite.  The only "sauce" was this thin greasy like juice sitting in the bottom of the container.  The dessert was FANTASTIC!!!!!  After seeing in the menu that the tiramisu was imported by a family member from Italy I just had to try it and I was so glad that I did! The tiramisu comes in a decent size cup and the cost is $4.99, but it is well worth it!  Even though our experience with the wings was not to good, I am willing to try them one more time and see if maybe it was a fluke and someone overlooked putting the sauce on the wings.  Overall, the food was great and we will for sure return to Pullano's in the future!
5	My family and I have been going to Pullanos for years now! I used to drive from Scottsdale just to get their wings. They are still just as great I remember!I usually get a sausage pizza and medium and honey bbq wings. Their wings are absolutely to die for! They are by far the best wings I've had. Their pizza is amazing as well. The sausage is Italian style sausage and they put lots of cheese on their pizza. My son likes the spaghetti and meat sauce. I've never had anything from Pullanos that I didn't like. The staff of friendly and it's a comfortable atmosphere.
4	Pullanos is the only pizza we get when we are craving pizza. Light sauce, whatever toppings I'm feeling, and well done crust is always my order. Their specials and pizza give it four stars, I've had hit and misses with their wings, sometimes they are amazing white meat pieces but I sometimes get a funky over breaded piece or something like cartilage. So can't miss pizza and some friendly service and good appetizers is how I see them.
5	Best wings EVER!!!  Ask for extra crispy medium wings, and the pizza well done.  The Italian sausage is salty but the veggies are fresh.  The fried raviolis are just two and are HUGE.  Not what I have in mind when thinking of fried raviolis.  Family side is great for kids and large groups.  Barside is fun and spacious enough.  I have to visit when in town just to pig out on the wings.  So good!
5	Pullano's has absolutely great wings. I visit them on almost a weekly basis and i'm always happy with the food.
5	Most amazing home made Italian food In town! Family owned! Home made ranch! Even their cheese is fresh graded not packaged! I even ordered a sausage sandwich that wasn't on the menu! Wow great pizza I think I've found that special spot close to home!
5	1.50 pints and free pizza on Saturdays. Half of appetizers and more. Friendly staff and the best part they have high stools to sit on.
5	This place is great! They have the best wings and I love that the veggies are extra fresh. As a kid my best friend her parents (a wonderful Italian Family) used to come here a lot and used to get to go orders. Their pizza is amazing now as a mother and wife I take my husband pizza and wings from here all the time. The family owned restaurant is awesome they definantly appreciate the men and women in the service!  GREAT JOB PULLANO'S!
5	I have been a patron of Pullano's Pizza for as long as I can remember. My parents took us there as kids and we still go as adults. Family owned and operated and the food is very good! Throughout the week, Pullano's has amazing specials, so depending on your likes, family size, budget- there is something for you. I recommend the Pullano's Daily Special wit an XL pizza and 40 wings! So delicious- you can feed a family of 5-6 easy on this special. :)
5	I've been coming here for quite some time with my boyfriend, his dad, and friends. This bar is our all time favorite to watch football, UFC, or to just come and chill. If you come be sure to get Erika or Laura. They have TVs everywhere, so wherever you sit you'll have a great seat. The prices are good, so drink away. If you come during the week they have awesome specials too! Be sure to stop by and check it out.
4	I give Pullano's 4 stars because their pizza is good and I like the Italy/sports theme. Lots of seating and a bar area for the adults. Available for dine in or carry out. It's peaceful when I go but I couldn't believe the wings were a dollar each??? Even though good cheaper wings exist elsewhere I still go for the pizza and pasta. I've been 3 times with family and a group of friends. The staff are really nice and you feel welcomed there. You should think about checking this place out sometime.
5	Been coming here since I was a little kid and the quality of the food is the best! I brought family from Seattle here and they were kind of skeptical until they saw the food, their eyes got all big at the way it looked and they said there were the best wings and pizza they've ever had when they've come to visit us. They defiantly want to come here again the next time they visit. They get jealous of the pics I post of the food I get now that they're back home
5	I have been coming here for 20 years. I have watched the business change, expand, and grow over these 2 decades but a couple things have stayed the same 1.The amazing wings continue to be the best in Arizona!!!!! The pizza is great also, but the wings have my number! 2.The Pullano family's continued commitment to serving quality food in a great environment and giving the customer a great value! Thank you Mike for keeping this place just how I like it! -JSP
5	Awesome place!!!! Best wings I have ever had and amazing happy hour!!
5	Awesome pizza. We ordered the 30" pizza after a family trip and the kids all raved about how delicious it was. Can't wait to try dine in next.
5	One of my favorite places to go! They have great friendly service! Delicious food! And they always have a smile on their faces!! Good variety of food but not too overwhelming! You can also call ahead for a pick up order! The wings are to die for! And the pizza tastes perfectly homemade from fresh ingredients!
4	I was sent here by someone who was also from the East Coast, specifically for the pizza. I also got the wings. We went on a Saturday night, the place was so crowded that we had to wait for a table, Don't say I didn't warn you. The pizza was truly worth it, I went boring and got a cheese pizza. It was super good. I guess I would compare it to NYPD in style. Medium thin crust, not greasy, nice and crunchy and bubbly. We started with the hot wings which were also very good. The hot is hot. Now I am kind of sad as my friend who lives around the corner moved Eastward and this will not be a regular stop. But of you're over by Cowtown Skateboards, drop in, great beer specials and a super happy crowd eating super good pizza, Staff was upbeat and peppy as well, since they have no choice, as the place is jumping!
5	I've been going here for years. First, it started in the 1990s with pizza and wings takeout.  Their wings are the best.  I usually get medium.   Wed and Thurs nights are currently my favorite.  Wed is $6 large cheese pizza night, and Thurs is wing night.  The service, at least when I have gone, has always been polite and attentive.  Food is delivered in a reasonable time.  I mainly eat int he restaurant, but have been in the bar.  I also have tried their pasta, and their spaghetti is awesome, as well as their lasagne. Their subs are great too, except the Phili cheese steak  is not quite a Phili...more just a cheese steak with yellow cheese and no mushrooms or peppers, but is still pretty good. The bar has a burger and beer special for $5, and the burger is great.
5	I grew up in Glendale and my parents would have Friday Pizza night, where we would get take out from Pullano's. I now live within proximity of Manhattan and have access to really great pizza. I try to swing by Pullano's when I am back in town, and I have to say that that the pizza still holds up after all of this time. It's nothing like the New York style pizza, but it's always really good. They have a thick crust, with a house made tomato sauce (that at times can be on the sweet side). They have a tendency to overdo it with the cheese but it still comes together well. I think it's a testament to the fresh ingredients. Overall, the menu is expansive and does not disappoint. See you guys next time I am in town!
4	Best place in town for wing's. Good family restaurant. They always have something new to offer. You will always get service with a smile :-) Babs
4	Great cheese pizza and wings combo. The pizza is good and the wings are excellent; either flavor hot wings and bbq wings.  Super casual in a dumpy strip mall. Football on tvs, kid friendly and a bonus if you are a buffalo bills fan as that is their home team
5	This place is delicious....BEST buffalo chicken pizza that I've ever tasted!!! Staff was super friendly and very patient with children.  If they had delivery, my waistline would be in serious danger....well worth the drive, plus delicious desserts after awesome food!
4	This is a nice simple place to hang out with your spouse and friends to enjoy a beer or two with free pizza during the days of Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday form the hours of 3pm to 5pm. while your at the side of the bar you have several up close flat screen TV'S and listen to a surround sound jut box.
