4	Clean, good food and great service. Granted it's not the best chinese food in town but I haven't had any bad experiences there. My kids love the chikcen chow-mein and I'm always getting the Mongolian Beef, I am a fan
5	Excellent service,great staff. Feel very welcome every time I eat there. Thet have memorized my favorites.
5	Yummy, quick lunch! This is our go-to local Chinese restaurant. It has been consistently good over the past 4-5 years we have been living here. We especially like their luncheon specials and to go dinners. We love their mu shu chicken/pork and their wonton soup.
4	Lacking a clean or acceptable Chinese restaurant in Casa Grande, I discovered this jewel while showing homes in Anthem. Menu has many choices and restaurant is clean with attractive decor. The dishes I have chosen so far have been excellent with nice portions. Service is friendly and efficient. Well worth the drive from anywhere in Pinal County!!!
4	The food here is delicious, the restaurant appears clean and the wait staff are always making sure we don't want for anything. I didn't give it five stars because I felt like the staff could have been a little more on the friendly side.
5	Got the Orange Chicken lunch special and it was well worth the $6.
4	Great food, great staff. Can't say enough nice things about this place. The prices are reasonable and portion size is perfect. You could drive right past it and not know it's there but you should stop for this one.
5	The food here is delicious, the restaurant and bathrooms are always very clean,  and the staff always makes sure we feel welcome and that we don't want for anything. Have not had a bad menu item yet, and the menu has many different offerings.  The lunch pricing is the best bang for the buck!
3	The servers here were very kind and the food inexpensive but good quality.  If you are ever in the area (perhaps that is a big IF) you should give this place a try...
5	Kung Pao Wow!  I was in Florence educating a very dysfunctional management staff at the Pinal County Jail.  I stopped in Chens for bite and was blown away!  When handed the menu I asked the waitress to have the chef surprise me.  I got Kung Pao Lobster with sizzling rice that was out of this world.  This is what dreams are made of.
2	On our drive to Tucson (yes, we took the long way.. more scenic) we stopped by.. it was the only place en-route that seemed to have consistently decent reviews.  The place is easily found, clean and is well staffed with nice folks.I had the cashew chicken and was a bit put off when it showed up with corn in it.. it seemed like an obvious "filler"... oh well, I guess.The flavor was meh... i think it was missing garlic, ginger.. tastes that engage your senses.. this did not engage anything.At least we gave it a shot!
1	Oh dear. This was so disappointing. The ladies don't speak enough English to get an order correct. The food is very bland. I've tried them numerous times. Always a mistake with my take out food.
2	Wait staff was attentive but the food was very bland. Nuts in the Kung Pao Chicken looked like they came straight from a Planters jar. Place has potential but they need to step it up a bunch in my book
3	Food hot. However, that's about all I can say about the quality of the food, that's positive.  I ordered several dishes for takeout. All were of average quality.
3	I have never been out to Coolidge, and before going out for lunch, I looked up restaurants in the area. The service was not the greatest, but I got the food I ordered pretty quickly considering I was on a time crunch. The honey walnut shrimp is not the greatest I have tried, but it is also not the worse.
5	I live in Anthem and eat often at Chens. The servers know what I want as soon as I walk in the door.  You can't beat their lunches and even serve them on Sunday.  I love their Kung Pou Chicken but I ask for extra heat and they always come thru.  Great service, food and price plus it's always clean
4	lemon fish is crispy and delicious with fried rice!
1	This food is disgusting. I have eaten at many Chinese food places and this place is the worst. Don't get me wrong I'm from California, I know good eating, and Arizona rarely has any decent restaurants in comparison to California. Everything tastes pretty much the same; a gooey bland mess. Bad service as well. I have no idea why it's ranked this high.
4	Went here tonight with the family and were hopeful for but not expecting "great" food. We were all pleasantly surprised and each of us enjoyed our meals.  We couldn't decide on an appetizer so went with the pupu platter which ended up being pretty fantastic!  We just moved into the Anthem development and are very happy to find a good Chinese restaurant right around the corner.  We'll definitely be back!
4	Lunch specials are great! Very good food! Service was very good. Looking forward to returning for dinner.
