4	Rarely do I use bakeries: the likes of Greggs and the larger supermarket brands have swamped the market and now seem to be a dying business.Successfully combating this predicament is A La Carte with its homemade baked goods, of which are some of the best in Edinburgh. You may have tried scones from the likes of Peckhams but the buttery, current lased beauties available here will make you shift your allegiance. Admittedly, I've only been drawn by the scones this far although a whole host of cakes, tray bakes and preserves line the shop's shelves and wicker baskets.
4	This is a shop that will draw you in as you pass with its display of eye catching baked goods.  Upon stopping to consider whether a purchase might be in order, you'll find that the prices here are actually fairly reasonable.  Upon discovering the fact that these items aren't going to cost you an awful lot to buy you are likely to head in and pick something out of the selection and I promise you that you won't regret it.  The food on offer from here is not only pleasing on the eye, but also very tasty.What is harder to notice about this shop is that it also does a whole lot more than cakes.  Available at fairly reasonable prices are also portions of puddings, soups or meals which you won't regret buying and which are cheaper, and some might argue better, meals than you could get at any takeaway.
4	The moment I saw this food shop, I immediately thought of the movie Ms. Doubtfire, and felt this must be the kind of store to get food one pretends to have cooked! Everyone's happy and none the wiser.It's the only store of its kind I've seen in Edinburgh, and I'm not surprised it's located in Bruntsfield! A La Carte prepares meals, which the customer buys frozen and the menu is really quite extensive. They do soups, poultry, pork, meat and vegetarian dishes as well as desserts, and whilst there are some fancy meals such as fruity moroccan lamb and leek filo tarts, a lot of the dishes are surprisingly simple and homey. Macaroni and cheese, shepherd's pie and meatballs and spaghetti are on the menu and capture the spirit of what most of the other dishes are like. I would personally make a lot of these meals myself rather than pay for them, but I guess some people go for this sort of thing.What excites me more about A La Carte are their baked goods, which are fresh each day! They do scones, cakes, bread etc, which I'm more than happy to buy.
4	What a great little place.  I have no idea how many times I walked by this place, admiring the gorgeous offerings in the window, before I finally went in to try something.  Admittedly, I'm never quite sure when it's open.  If it had an open/closed sign I would expect they would get a bit more business as the number of times I walked by in the morning and drooled over the pastries, but didn't go in because I thought it was closed ... My primary experience has been with their window offerings - gorgeous empire biscuits, decadent brownies, fabulous pastry and tasty quiche.  They've got sausage rolls as well which seem to be a big hit with the school kids.Another interesting side to A La Carte (and presumably the main portion of the business) are their take away meals.  You know those nights when you can't be bothered cooking but really don't want to get some kind of delivery?  A La Carte is the answer.  It (looks like, anyway) brilliant home cooking, in single serving containers.  I think it's a great idea and definitely look forward to giving it a try.
4	I hope this place never leaves! It has delish cakes, biscuits, quiches, sausage rolls, etc in the window, and specializes in frozen home-made meals! Everything from Beef Stronganoff to Chicken Noodle Soup. Decent prices (no more expensive than a Tesco ready meal) and WAY better! While I was getting my kitchen renovated and only had access to a microwave, which was in a bedroom.. their meals saved me from starvation! Have a look in here, I like to keep one of their meals in the freezer for an emergency. (aka when I don't want to cook!) P.S, I'd like to say that they have ALMOND Croissants here, and other french cafe nearby doesn't...and the croissants MIGHT just even be better here, or just as good! See for yourself!
4	There are two main reasons why I love this place.  The first being their sausage rolls and second being their macaroons. Actually, three - the price. The sausage rolls actually melt in your mouth. I live right around the corner and whenever I walk by I stare through the window and try to avoid buying the deliciousness that's staring right back at me.  It's really difficult when the price of most of items happens to be the correct amount of change in my pocket! Check it out! The brownies are scrumptious too!
