5	The library is amazing and the librarian assistants are amazing at what they do and have excellent customer service. The library is my favorite place to be on campus with quiet rooms and free printing!
2	I'm writing this review as a former student. I say former because I transferred schools. I'll start from the beginning. When I first admitted there and started classes everything was wonderful. They all seemed to care and the success coaches and finance coaches are wonderful. After a year though, that seemed to change. The teachers are very rude and seem very stuck up. I only had three good teachers out of 7 or 8. Most of all, this past year I had plenty of health problems and always stayed in contact with my teachers and my success coach. However, regardless of all of the paperwork I turned in and how much I cooperated, it didn't mean a lick because my dean told me to go somewhere else. So here I am now, transferred to GCU and I would NEVER go back to DeVry again.
5	When I first came to DeVry I was a little skeptical because I read about students having complaints with the school. After being in class for a few weeks I realized that those that had complaints weren't ready to be in school. I found out that DeVry was for people that wanted to go somewhere in life. Most everyone I talk to at DeVry are open and have prior experience in the workforce. It wasn't the typical college that attracts high school students. The classes at DeVry are fast pace and don't stray from the path like some courses do from other schools. The professors don't try to influence their views on students. If anything, they break down both sides and show why one way isn't the best. One example would be DeVry's Critical Thinking class. It is the college success class for the school. I took this course at a community college and hated everyday of it. After being in the Marines for four years, I knew what I needed to do. The professor there treated me like an idiot while forcing her political views down everyone's throat. At DeVry the professor was more than willing to guide me farther and show me other things which I didn't consider. She always kept the class involved in everything. Overall that class was worth taking. The networking class I'm in now is fast pace and requires you to stay on top of your homework and ilabs. I allowed myself to get behind and I regret it. One of my friends asked me why I decided to go to DeVry because there were other schools that were better. After I had my laugh I told him I got tired of taking classes that I shouldn't have even been in. For instance I was required to take a web design class when I'm going for networking. Really? I got tired of being jerked around and being told I had to do five other courses to take one course. Or you have to have three credits here to take a class there. DeVry's degree program is laid out so that every student can see how they are doing and the courses still required. At the community college I went to, the program changed pretty much every semester. To those considering DeVry, make sure your willing to give it 110%. Because if you don't, you might fall behind. I have and wont again.
3	I've been going here for over a year now and I'm kind of torn on the quality of service you get from the campus and staff.  The classes have been ok so far, but don't waste your time taking a math class on campus.  Being stuck in a room with 5 other math classes and then having to just sit at a computer and do the same work you get to do at home is a bunch of crap if you ask me. When I first said I was interested in coming here I couldn't get the school to stop calling me.  Now that I'm enrolled it's like pulling teeth for anyone to ever call you back if you call with an issue.  It takes a minimum of at least 3 or 4 days to get a response to any message left and that's IF they call you back at all. Some of the requirements in the classes are completely ridiculous and completely archaic. When will schools realize it's not 1950 anymore and the need for certain "core" classes is just not needed anymore.  I'm in this for the long haul so I'm pretty much stuck.  At least it's not Itt tech
2	Was at this campus for a LinkedIn event. It was adequate. Building is dated and has that feel. Computer lab was fine but somewhat confining.  The event itself was great though!
