4	Go figure that I would spot this place even before I got to the coffee shop that I was looking for.  After my coffee splurge I decided to come in here for a look-see.  My attention was first caught by the 20% off handbags, and I did look at a few business totes that a sales associate was most helpful with.  This surprised me because I had the impression that the staff at the store might be the snooty, but she wasn't.  They have quite a variety of brands here that include Michael Kors, Kate Spade, Juicy Couture amongst others, which I believe DSW does not carry.  The sales aren't as great.  I did get 30% off a pair of Charles David shoes here, and many of the shoes don't come with shoe boxes.  The cashier was nice enough to give me a nice Cole Haan shoe bag perfect for packing in my luggage.  I was enticed by these Juicy Couture boots here, but I walked away...
4	"I don't know who invented the high heel, but all men owe him a lot."  (Marilyn Monroe)A girl and her shoes...are a beautiful thing.  From bags to boots to tennis shoes to pumps to sandals, the selection (at least today) was EXCELLENT.  Not only were there a variety of brands but a variety of price points too.  This place had me salivating!  I could easily have purchased three (3) pair but decided to wait and visit again with a friend......it's a chick thing!
2	This place is ok, but not really what I expected from N. Scottsdale. The prices are appropriate for designer shoes in N. Scottsdale, but I didn't find the selection to be all that appealing. There is a large # of shoes, but there isn't a lot of size options (this place is great if you wear a size 7.) I was getting really agitated and looking at shoes with a gigantic fake flower on the top (heels, boots, sandals- you name it and it had a fake flower on it.) Not really impressed here. There were a couple of adorable shoes that I would have snatched up at $65 (reg. over $100) but they didn't have it in my size (8 1/2.) Probably wont be going back. The discount isn't worth looking at so many ugly shoes only to be disappointed that the cute ones aren't in my size. I'll stick with full price- there isn't much of a difference anyways.
4	Shoes for men and women and purses.  Give me my feet and slip on some shoes. I was pleasantly surprised at the brands they had.  I could have done some damage but this trip was for buying for my kids not me.  I will return on my next visit.  Trust me my next time there I will be buying some shoes for me.
3	They have a great selection but the prices are what you can get at a regular sale at any department store. If you find a really good sale at a department store you can do even better than here. I do love how open and bright the store is. It is very well organized, clean, and spacious. The services is sometimes good and a lot of times indifferent.
4	Great prices and selection!
