3	Eat at Joe's next door. Objectively, Joe's has some of the best NY style pie in the country. Seriously. I have spent extensive time in NYC and I would put Joe's up against the best of em. The quality of ingredients that goes into a Gus's pie's are simply inferior. The sauce relies heavily on cayenne peppers for 'flavor' and the cheese is a low quality product. Gus's customer service is notoriously lackluster and it sometimes seems as if the staff thinks they are doing YOU a favor by serving you.Its not that Gus's in the worst pizza or something...I mean its better than Pizza Hut...but Joe's is truly a huge asset when it comes to the Valley's culinary landscape. Just Eat at Joe's.
4	I got delivery from these guys. Just ordered a cheese pizza and their tomato and cheese bread. The 18 inch pizza seemed ginormous, the crust was OK, not super thick or too doughy. The cheese was good, perfectly cooked, not burnt.  I really enjoyed their cheese/tomato bread (essentially like a garlic bread type appetizer) but did not like the dipping sauce. The delivered within about an hour (which is fine, my place can be hard to find) and I enjoyed the meal. Would I order from them again? Absolutely. Are they the best pizza in the world? No, but for 20 bucks for all that food, it suited me just fine. :)
5	It's 4 AM and I want pizza.  It's either this or a frozen pizza from Circle K.  Yeah....  this is as good as it gets!
3	Scottsdale has lots of good pizza places, including Joe's next door, so it hardly seems another is needed, but since I've yet to find a place with good hot oven grinders, I thought I'd give Gus's a shot at it.  The toasted Italian grinder was at least in the ballpark.  The provalone was melted, the italian salami was good, and the bread was first rate.  My only real complaint was that the assembly was all orchestrated in the back room so I couldn't direct the amount of lettuce, pickle or onion, and there was no hot pepper.  Also the two employees showed absolutely no interest in winning over the customer.
1	absolute bullshit, ordered food for delivery, the damn driver called me countless times and couldnt find my place somehow...IF YOU OFFER DELIVERY, MAKE SURE YOUR DRIVERS CAN LOCATE WHERE THEY NEED TO DELIVER TOthat is all.
4	Awesome Pizza! The place gets packed, this is good and bad! Long lines but exciting atmosphere, and if its busy means you're getting fresher Pizza, so if you are hitting up clubs in Scottsdale definitely a must try at least once!
3	pizza. yum. old town please expand your options.can this line get shorter?Tips from drunken hazy nights after another fun tirade in old town. lol. But really, let's be honest with ourselves, Gus's is not really that great, it fills a niche and that is an afterhours grub spot to fill the tummies of the drunks and help sober them up to get home. Alcohol and dancing does make you hungry, and Gus's does that. Choices are limited for afterhours grub in old town, there's the Philly Sandwich co., two pizza joints, and denny's up the street. limited offerings, and the closest best mexican drive thru in my opinion is 2 miles away - FAIL. So you'[re stuck with Gus's where the douches come out and have fights while in line, people constantly cut, and there's a lack of order and at times civility but that depends on the night or weekend. I've only had the pepperoni and cheese pies. good? yes when you're buzzed/drunk anything's good and yummy. When sober, not so much. A-OK well it's satisfying and I've always scored free pies due to mass confusion. lol. good times.
5	Open 24/7, cheap, great tasting, doesn't get much better than this!
1	This place is gross.  The tables are not clean and the staff is rude.  I watched them wipe thier nose and then touch my foood.  When I questioned this the manager said that the germs will "cook off".  I left with trying thier food.
1	I like to try out new places when I come across a coupon.  After all, I have a lot more mouths to feed now and who doesn't like to save a few bucks here and there.  Apparently Gus's doesn't like it when you use a coupon.  From the attitude when I ordered, to the "hidden" 18% gratuity (that they told me about after I questioned my total and also tipped on the credit card (beware of the 50 cent fee to use a credit card), this place should focus only on their late night drunk crowd from the bars.  The only good thing about the whole experience was they "accidently"  packaged my order "to-go".  Yeah sure, I bet having two hungry toddlers in the store for 40 minutes while we waited for our order made them re-think offering a "dine-in only" coupon.
3	This is a good place to grab a quick slice after making the old town bar rounds. I don't think I'd ever go out of my way to eat here, but it sure hits the spot when you've got a good buzz - location, location, location.
4	I was visiting from out of town and this place looked intresting, it was clean, ( a major plus in my  search for food places) i got my pizza quick, i ordered a veggi, and the veggies were fresh and overall the pizza was yummy!!! but it was HUGE!!!  but the atmospher was fun, great to meet people, where you can actuly hear them.  overall i would totaly recomend and will totaly go there. i was talking to the guy at the counter, and heard that it was under new ownership , so maybe thats why my experience was diffrent then the rest.
1	Absolutely the worst service I have ever received.  After 4 calls and 1.5 hours of not receiving our pizza we were finally told that it had been delivered to the wrong residence and we would have to wait another 1 hr.  It was the absolute worst service that we could be offered.   I recommend fast food before I recommend Gus's and I HATE fast food. Signed,
1	My husband and I came here because we had a restaurant.com certificate.  They no longer honor the $10/$25 ones...only the higher value ones, yet they are still being sold. Between that and that the place was completely empty at noon should have been an indication, but we decided to try it anyway.  The cashier got or order wrong several times.  We finally got our pizza and wings after waiting a reasonable time. Our soda was suppose to be a 32 oz fountain drink came as 16 oz.  We asked for diet coke, she brought bought of us coke (after we told her diet coke each of the three times she asked.) Finally getting the diet coke, it tasted super bitter so we ended up getting cans instead. Two bucks for a can of soda, bring your own!The pizza was under cooked even with a nice thin crust.  The kids will like it reheated though.  Our boneless wings that we ordered not only ended up with bones, but was overcooked to the point you counted get it off the bone.Lastly, you have to pay 50 cents on top of the bill if you want to pay by credit card - which depending on the processor is illegal to do.End result, save your money, keep your appetite.  Go to Joe's Pizza two doors down.  You'll be happy you did.
1	Well, that was the least customer-friendly experience I've had in a long, long, time.  The cooks prefer to prescribe what they want in lieu of serving the food as you want.Go to Joe's across the street or go hungry.  Beats this place
4	Love ending up here after a good long night of drinking.. usually end up meeting a few new friends here or talking to strangers and itd pretty cheap if you get a whole pizza... well its like 20 bucks but its a huge frickin pizza.
4	The people at Gus's finally got smart and put a location in Scottsdale.So delicious. The inside has a lot more seating than the original, and it loks a lot nicer as well. Be prepared for a line out the door come 1:45.
1	Was back there again last week.  Wish there was a rating less than one star.The staff are idiots and mean-spiritied.
1	I'm giving one star because I still like the Pizza. But in customer service they have no idea. Only because of that I am not calling this place again and instead I went to another pizza place by Scottsdale road which is an Italian family owned restaurant , it was amazing! ..Its called Lo cascio...I called this place last night and after one hour waiting for my pizza I called and they said that they tried to call me (lie) and that it went directly to voicemail (lame) and they didn't leave a message?? Because they had the wrong address (lie again) ... So I said you know what you better not bring me that cold pizza, you need to make a new one, that girls was so rude and she said I will hook you up?? After another 30 min The driver called back, saying if I could please give them AGAIN my credit card number (to the driver???) because they had the wrong number.! I said are you still at the shop? He said yes... It was already two hours late! I said to the driver please let me talk to the girl, I asked her what's happening? She said don't worry I am sending you an extra 2 liter soda!! Haha please! I then decided I didn't want that pizza anymore! And she only responded ok bye. Do not waste your money here when you can get a better quality in pizza and customer service down the street... I am never calling back to this place... Ever!
1	Greasiest pizza I've ever tried.  Couldn't even eat it because the grease soaked through the crust and it was falling apart.  I'm from NY and I would rather eat nasty chain store pizza over this stuff!
1	PAID CASH but STILL charged CREDIT.  WILL NOT REFUND.  Ordered by phone, gave credit card info. Pizza was delivered to hotel room, but driver insisted card was not billed and he needed cash.  Total was $52.17, gave $60 cash. The next day, $52.17 was still billed to credit card.  After repeated attempts to get a refund, calling the business daily, no refund was issued.  In 30 days of promises, I never got a single call back.  I finally had direct contact with the owner after 30 days. He informed me delivery driver had quit and kept the cash, but that as a business owner, he had to make his money somehow.  I pointed out that in order for him to make his $52.17, I was then paying $112.17 for my pizza. He said he can't control what the driver did, though as the business owner who hired the driver, he is responsible for the drivers theft.  No matter what, the customer should not pay twice.  The owner had NO signed receipt but still refused to refund the money to the card.  He agreed I paid cash, agreed that he had not returned my phone calls, even agreed that I was told I would not be charged on my card.  This business owner simply seeks profits and will not accept any responsibility for his poor hiring choices.  I do not suggest giving them your credit card information - though I am sure the owner would really prefer sticking to cash sales anyway given his interest in profits.
1	PAID CASH but STILL charged CREDIT.  WILL NOT REFUND.  Ordered by phone, gave credit card info. Pizza was delivered to hotel room, but driver insisted card was not billed and he needed cash.  Total was $52.17, gave $60 cash. The next day, $52.17 was still billed to credit card.  After repeated attempts to get a refund, calling the business daily, no refund was issued.  In 30 days of promises, I never got a single call back.  I finally had direct contact with the owner after 30 days. He informed me delivery driver had quit and kept the cash, but that as a business owner, he had to make his money somehow.  I pointed out that in order for him to make his $52.17, I was then paying $112.17 for my pizza. He said he can't control what the driver did, though as the business owner who hired the driver, he is responsible for the drivers theft.  No matter what, the customer should not pay twice.  The owner had NO signed receipt but still refused to refund the money to the card.  He agreed I paid cash, agreed that he had not returned my phone calls, even agreed that I was told I would not be charged on my card.  This business owner simply seeks profits and will not accept any responsibility for his poor hiring choices.  I do not suggest giving them your credit card information - though I am sure the owner would really prefer sticking to cash sales anyway given his interest in profits.
1	You get what you pay for: relatively inexpensive pizza -- and it tastes like it.We ordered a white pizza, garlic knots & cheesecake from Gus's the other night. We wanted to try Gus's because we refuse to ever order from the chains: Pizza Hut, Dominos, Papa John's and the like and wanted to find a new local spot. About an hour later the delivery guy arrived, dropped off the pie, and right after he left, we realized they brought us the wrong pizza. I called Gus's and was put on hold for about 5 minutes, the guy who answered the phone then told me that when they ring up orders they put the white pizza in the system the same exact way they ring up a cheese pizza and are expected to just tell the cook beforehand "this one is a white pizza" - he said he forgot to do this and he was sorry.This system probably has failed them more than once before, so I hope that these mix ups and my review will encourage them to improve the way they ring up orders. Anyway, hey, it's cool, we all make mistakes, life goes on. He told me he would talk to a manager to see if they could do anything and call me back in 5 minutes. I waited about 15 minutes and gave them a call back and asked to speak with the manager. The manager said they would deliver us the right pizza ... in about 45 minutes. When we finally got our pizza, we were disappointed because it was just not good. Other reviews on Yelp mentioned that they serve up a greasy pizza and I didn't mind, but my girlfriend made sure to thoroughly sopp up the grease with a paper towel before trying it. The garlic knots tasted like undercooked dough and weren't flavorful. They came with two little cups: corn syrup and canola oil disguised as tomato & garlic sauce. Yuck. The cheesecake was a thin slice in a package - it wasn't bad, but I am guessing that none of their desserts are homemade. As these events unfolded and we tasted the food, I didn't feel like I just ordered from a local pizza place. It was a legitimately mediocre experience and we are bummed and are now back to our quest to find good local pizza spots.  To recap: the incorrect order, the lack of follow-through, the delay in rectifying the situation & mostly: the quality of the pizza and garlic knots are what makes this a 1-star pizza place.To add insult to injury - after this experience, I came home to find that Gus's came in my neighborhood and jammed flyers in everyone's front door. Thank you for littering our complex with your junk mail...
1	Gus's in Old Town is an establishment that conducts business in a very immoral, disrespectful, and potentially illegal way. The owner is apparently only on site between 3 AM and 6 AM, so I will resort to Yelp, BBB, and word of mouth.I've ordered pizza from them twice, and both times have been double-charged on my order that took over 1.5 hours to arrive.  This last time, after my double charge, there was also a fraudulent purchase.  My credit card company is reviewing this and will hopefully take the correct legal action. As the saying goes, shame on me.  Unfortunately I had hoped the first time was an honest mistake.  Needless to say I will never order from here again and urge all of my friends and neighbors to avoid them as well.As far as the pizza is concerned, do yourself a favor and save $25 ($30 for a large pizza) by buying a decent oven pizza for when you come home from the bars.
3	I'm not a huge fan of extra greasy NY style pizza maybe? I'm also not a fan of having my pizza reheated. Unless of course I'm being a lush and desperately need something in my system. Besides more booze. Lucky enough for me this pizza joint is in the heart of old town Scottsdale. So the next time you're in old town... After a night of shaking your ass In one of the may dance clubs about the scene or having a pants off dance off on a bar and several drinks too many, Gus's NY pizza might be just the thing you need! Pizza by the slice is a nice option for any drunkard! Take your slurring and stumbling self down there and sober up!
1	Greasy pizza, TERRIBLE service. Expect to wait more than an hour for mediocre at best pizza.
2	You know, I honestly wasn't expecting too much from Gus's NY Pizza Lounge when I stumbled in the other night at who knows what hour of the morning. As it turns out, my already low expectations were just barely met. Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?So you've just emerged from the Old Town Scottsdale club scene having no doubt made various mistakes of any and every kind, and more than anything in the world, you require sustenance. Well, you're not only in good company, but Gus's is one of the few places thats both walkable and open, so you trot on in, hopefully with a recently found temporary companion in tow that won't have you questioning your choices in life come morning. As far as service? It's pretty straight forward. You walk in, you wait in line, and you're given some lamp-warmed pizza from someone who probably won't judge you to the extent that the normal human being should. Star Granted. Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?Yikes. I was in no state of mind to take a photo, but $4.00 got me a what was a pretty standard sized piece of pizza (meat lovers in this case). You can see pics from other users on here, but needless to say, that's not even close to being worth it. $4.00? That's a king's fortune at any drive-thru window even at this hour. If we were looking at top of the line authentic New York pie? Sure, but we're not. No Star Granted.Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?Blech. I'm inclined to withhold both stars here on account that this was some warmed-up, greasy dissapointment if nothing else, but two things will keep a star in tact. First and foremost, it was better than what I'd experienced the night before at Slices in Tempe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/slices-pizza-tempe). Second? I was actually really impressed that they had a gyro pizza, which didn't entirely insult the cuisine. However, don't be mistaken. This was greasy, soft, and not all that great. Single Star Granted.Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?I've had better. Way better, and that's the definition of two stars. I probably won't be back. No Star Granted.
1	Terrible service, we called and miraculously our pizza got to us 3 hours later! We called not once but 4 times asking where our order was and received the same answer of "It'll be there shortly". When it finally came half of it was spilled on the sidewalk and I refused to pay for a cold pizza. The wings that the delivery guy took (since they were half on the ground) with him ended up splattered all over our back fence. Very classy and a nice touch to a terrible experience.
4	Good pizza! Great price. Stopped in manager put baseball game on tv watched entire game was not very busy for a monday evening. Would go there again.
3	The price is right - 2 bucks for a cheese slice, but unless you really load up the seasonings and I mean all seasonings (parm, oreg, garlic, salt, pepper) you won't be tasting much. Also when warming the slice make sure you get them to keep it in the oven longer. They serve you a luke warm slice that has been sitting in the cabinet for who knows how long? It is foldable and people will think its great after drinking, but for everyday life people this is not the best slice available. Some grease drips (which I like), but its not the orange grease that is needed and with no oregeno baked in or in the sauce, the pizza looks naked. Bonus for nice register girl who gave me a free bottle of water - well I asked for a cup of water, but they had run out of cups. Funny.
1	I ordered a Greek salad with chicken here,  it was Disgusting. The chicken was artificial, like a chicken nugget sliced up super thin. I ordered oil and vinegar on the side, so they gave white vinegar and corn oil as a sad excuse for a dressing. I tasted a bite of my daughter's pepperoni slice, and that was flat and greasy. They have the nerve to call it "'NY" pizza, which is a joke. Maybe good for drunk college students, but not me. NASTY. Waste of $.
1	They got Roaches! Me and two other friends seen two baby roaches crawling on the glass display case. If I could, I would give this place -10 stars for being dirty. If you want some decent pizza with the possibility of a roach on the side, Gus's pizza is the place for you. I hope they read this so they can clean up their act. Disgusting.
1	They got Roaches! Me and two other friends seen two baby roaches crawling on the glass display case. If I could, I would give this place -10 stars for being dirty. If you want some decent pizza with the possibility of a roach on the side, Gus's pizza is the place for you. I hope they read this so they can clean up their act. Disgusting.
4	I've walked past this place a few times coming and going to events. It's really perfect for sitting and chatting after you've been drinking. It's surprisingly good, I don't generally like pizza crust but I ate all of this one.  It kinda tastes a bit like sourdough.  I probably wouldn't go here if I haven't been drinking buuutttt I was last night and it was perfect.
4	If you find yourself in a certain part of Old Town, after a late night of drinking, Gus's is like a beacon in the night.  Let's be honest, what's more alluring that greasy food after a night of alcohol fueled debauchery.We stumbled in last night, after some pre-Halloween celebrating.  There was a line, but it moved relatively quickly.  My friend ordered two slices, I opted for the cheese fries.  Ordering something other than pizza on a late night could result in a debacle, but thankfully one of the employees there was super helpful.  As I waited for my fries, he grabbed a handful of suckers and put them in my basket, so not only did I get awesome service, I now have enough dum dums to last till next year.  He was kind enough to bring my fries outside so I didn't have to wait inside. With all those heat lamps, drunken bodies, and my long velvet cape, I was seriously hot; and not just in a conceited way.  ;)Gus's is also a great place to people watch.  If you sit outside, you get a front row seat to the drunken flow of people in between clubs & bars, and an occasional police incident.  The music is loud, the patrons are drunk, and the food is greasy.  What more could you ask for on a Saturday night?
4	Finally! A pizza place that makes it like NY. Just ask for them to cook it a little longer than normal in the oven. The best pizza I've had in AZ so far.
3	I've heard of Gus's for a while now, and the opportune moment to try it out presented itself this past Sunday.  We'd just left the overcrowded and noisy (albeit lively) Majerle's, and needed some food that wouldn't require a twist and shout performance to acquire.  Gus's shone like a beacon, with its short line, greasy food under heat lamps and empty patio with TVs showing the game.  I only had a bite or two of pizza, but it tasted like your standard New York style thin crust.  There were plenty of flavors available, including Buffalo Chicken which looked quite good.  I opted for a Caesar Salad, which was twice as expensive but twice as big, full of greens, parmesan, dressing and way too many croutons.  Gus's won't become famous for their salad, but it was better than I expected.  Beware of the ($10?) credit card minimum charge.  Due to a loud evening and a thick accent, I didn't understand the warning until it was too late.  Assuming I have cash next time, I would definitely stop by again for a slice if I'm in Old Town for a while, but more for ease, price and grease than for quality ;)
3	The pizza here does taste good. They usually have a nice selection to choose from. The pizza is sitting in warming lights though. They do heat up the pizza for a minute or so, after you order it. Something to keep in mind when paying with a card, sometimes there is a minimum charge or there is extra money charged, to make up the difference of the credit card fee.
1	This not only is some of the worst pizza I've ever had, but it's also horrible service!! I can't say I've ever disliked much pizza but the elementary cafeteria served better pizza than this!!! Also they charge extra for Parmesan cheese which is ridiculous. Their extra toppings are about 3X as much as other places. Workers were rude.   I would never eat here again.
4	After hours pizza to the rescue! Located near all the bars and clubs in DT Scottsdale. Good pizza at a cheap price whenever I what.... I'm in!
5	This is the kind of pizza craving you fantasize about while living away...!I bet a friend he couldn't get them to deliver after the bars had closed. I lost!Haven't bothered to order the "pizza throw blanket" like I'd witnessed that one night at the Tempe location but the customer service and delivery service after a long Old Town crawl can't be beat!Thank you, Gus's Pizza!
1	We ordered over 40 dollars worth of food. We were told it would be here within an hour and a half. After two hours, I decide to call because we haven't heard from them. They then tell me it'll be another 45 mins until they can get to us. It is late night- we are hungry and now suffering the consequences of ordering from Gus's Pizza . Never again.
2	The pizza is your typical NY thin crust pizza and they usually have a variety to choose from.  This pizza usually hits the spot after a night out.  However, the only reason I rated two stars is due to this being the 3rd time(6mnths) of me being stiffed by charging me $32 for two slices of pizza.  *remember to keep your receipts so they don't include their own tip!
1	Gyro is HORRIBLE! All lettuce no meat! If I wanted a salad that is what I would have ordered! Never again!
1	Horrible service, long wait, for mediocre pizza. Ownership relies on weekend crowd. Zero customer service. Unless you're in with the bouncer do not come here. Joe's is much better.
2	I accidentally stumbled into this place while trying to get to another pizza place that is right down the street and it sure was a bad mistake. The theme here is kinda like night club meets dirty strip bar with shitty house music and terrible decor. The staff just left me standing at the counter for like five minutes before taking my order and when I got the Za's they where greasy as hell, the sauce had no flavor, and the dough was not good at all. Unless you are super drunk and need a places that is open at 5 am stay away!
1	DO NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE!!!!We ordered online through EatStreet for Gus's a meatball sub and a Philly cheese steak with a cheese fry with the cheese on the side.We enter our location and room number but still received a call from Gus's for the room number and the location of our hotel.The order arrived cold and incorrect! We err given an Italian sub and steak sub with raw veges on both.....We called the store and was told that what is written on the container "Italian" is not what's inside the styrofoam box is a meatball sub. I asked for the food to be remade and sent out but upon arrival the meatball sub was cold and literally had three meatballs cut in half and placed on an extra large roll that was burnt and hard.The next mornings we drove the .7 miles to Gus's and the day manager stated that we had to speak with the night manager. I left my business card but never heard from anyone.I have never had such horrible service in all my life and to be blown off my management as though my complaint is not worthy of a phone call!
1	Nasty pizza could not even finish it. WouldNot eat there agin. Over priced and the dinning room sucks abs was hot.  Soda wasFlat.
3	Great drunchie spot. I think Joe's is better tho.I actually have a collection of pictures of people who have fallen asleep at Gus'. Maybe I'll upload them later, lol.
1	If I could give it zero stars I would. We ordered pizza late at night and used a credit card on the phone.  They never showed up and whichever address they did show up to, signed for our pizza. The next day they refused to credit our money back or even apologize for giving away our pizza to someone else.
2	Pretty dirty place, but drunk food is drunk food. I was very excited to see that they say they offer Kingfisher Beer, a classic Indian beer, on the menu, but I was super disappointed to find out they did not have any in stock.
1	Wish I could post a zero!  One of the worst experiences I have ever had In the restaurant business in my life!   Can't wait to tell me friends about it.
1	Considering the gentlemen, if you can call him that, on the phone called me a stupid mother f**cker and hung up on me telling me not to call back I'd have to say the service was not so great. This was in response to am over 2 hour wait time with not call from the restaurant. I called in and I have to assume they just forgot my pizza, it was a pepperoni pizza. Not the hardest pie in the world and I live maybe 2 miles away. He claimed it was New Years and that is why. Well then don't offer delivery. I'm sorry but when I see an ad up for pizza delivery, I would believe you would have taken the necessary steps to sufficiently staff your business. I mean, were you surprised it was busy? All in all, the pizza is normally okay minus the uncooked flour on the crusted and the consistently charred bottom. It's good for when you're drunk and have no choice or can simply just forget you ordered so their terrible service time goes unnoticed. Also, a couple off this ago a guy in a taxi can delivered my pizza. I'm not even sure he has his food handlers permit. I'd be surprised if this business meets standard requirements when it comes to proper food handling. Well I'll sit here and wait for a BS email from their manager talking about how that's not how we do business etc. hahaha
3	If you're out in Old Town and are looking for a drunk late night bite, this is the place. Literally a 30 second stumble out of Derby and you're here.Pizza is better here than at Joes. Line is out the door after 2:00am on a Friday or Saturday night so prepare for that.
