3	How much are you willing to spend in order to not drink with frat boys?  That's a question you have to ask yourself when going to the Opus Lounge.  You do get pretty tasty drinks (make a mean manhattan) and as far as dates go, it's tough to beat.  But this is not your casual Friday night out with your buds type of joint.
4	Painfully hip.  Furniture designed to tip over when you sit on it.  Drink prices that will make you gasp.  But friendly bartenders who will make you forget that...but they will not, absolutely not, forget your tab.  Don't hate it because its beautiful...have another ($$$) Sapphire martini...you'll feel better...
4	Sure is different from the average Midwest Dude hangouts populating the isthmus, which can be a big plus or big minus, depending on your Midwest Dudeness. The fantastic mix drinks are reminiscent of the Barber's Closet of yore, and the music and art are more original than one usually finds in our local watering holes. Sure, the conversations one overhears can be a little laced with pretension and the service can occasionally be lackluster (I trust only the lady with martini tattoos) but when I have the cash I prefer going there for half-price drinks during happy hour over the stentorian-laden alternatives.
4	I consider myself a booze aficionado.  I can safely say that Opus's drinks are both creative and delightful.  The raspberry beer is lighter than the berry weiss that you can buy in the store. It is true the prices are a little bit up there, but if you can make it to happy hour a majority of their drinks are half priced. (HINT: Please read the menu! Some drinks are never on happy hour special, and please don't embarrass yourself by arguing because you cannot read.)  At times Opus does reek of pretension, when this happens: take a couple of sips of your perfectly crafted drink, eavesdrop, then take a deep breath, when you exhale you should feel a smug sense of superiority that you are only that pretentious in your head and not out loud or something. I found the seating comfortable-- true it is a little unconventional. The atmosphere is a little romantic and you are able to have a conversation with your friends without yelling. The only reason why I am not donning this establishment with 5 stars is because of the pretentious yuppie and hipster problem and the servers seem to impose gratuity tables of 5 or more... and I find being gratuitied insulting. (since I'm a fabulous tipper, but not when I am being forced to tip.. eff that)  I haven't sampled their food-- mostly because their menu is a little over priced for what is on it and if I must pay for the atmosphere at Opus, I would rather buy a drink.In sum, unless you're severely allergic to art students, hipsters, or yuppies, go here for wonderfully well-thought out drinks and adept service.
3	Food's pretty decent....i had crab cakes there before and they were good enough : ) the salad's vinegrette had a tad too much vinegar though. frambua by lindemans (rasberry beer) was good : )
5	BY FAR my fave lounge/drinks place.It's small, it's intimate, it's NECESSARY (Especially with the plethora of Great Dane type wings and chips and beer places... don't get me wrong, I like a good pale ale as much as the next person.. but I digress)The drinks are FANTASTIC.  Please try the pulp fiction, it's by far my fave.Their appetizers are THAT.  Appetizers.  I wouldn't go there to eat, I go there to drink, enjoy the company of a few friends, and  generally have a great time.  Thursdays there's live music, usually a guitar player, which always sweetens the night..I'm SERIOUS on the Pulp Fiction.... You WON'T regret it.The price range is higher, because frankly, at the end of the day, YOU WILL have at least 5-6 cocktails.. And enjoy them...   Be prepared!! :)
4	Pretty swank appetizer/lounge that seems like it was transplanted from one of the bigger urban centers, such as Miami or Chicago. My friends and I went on a Wednesday at 7 PM and it was empty besides us. Which I didn't mind at all because we were able to have our meeting and didn't care about the lack of scene we saw. I did enjoy the poivre, which I had trouble pronouncing and was embarassed. Essentially, this drink is just a pear flavored glass of champagne. They put this fizzy cube at the bottom and it tasted nice!I was also a fan of the shrimp and carrots tempura fried in a light, distinct batter, but wish it came with other vegetables besides asparagus. Yay for it not being greasy. And, I was on heavenly planet hummous when that came with the mildly salted, fluffy pita bread and olive tappenade (not too bitter). The price I paid for these dishes to share? 15 bucks, which included tax and tip. A little more than I would like to spend, but we also had a nice server. Even the bruschetta my pals ordered looked good. In fact, I was tempted to try some (but didn't), since I normally am not a big fan of the dish at all. But trust me: I did have hope for Opus that it makes an awesome dish to win over even non-fans like me.
4	Really cool place.....clasy and elegant. The martinis were awesome....I tried the sake martini with ginger candy...loved it. We did not eat there so can't say anything about that. The service was actually very good...the waiter was very attentive and polite...but then it was a Tuesday nite!....The mini couches/booths are very comfy....but i think it's a pretty tiny place so nice spots wud be hard 2 come by on weekends, me thinks!
2	Things have changed, and not for the better.Once a Madison nightlife gem, Opus seems to have lost its soul and has degenerated into one part unwelcoming private bar, one part overflow of the louder, more obnoxious bars in the area. How could a place that seemed almost too refined for a college town lose so much of its shine, you ask?Two words: New Ownership. Or, more aptly: Poor Management.From the minds that brought you Madison's Chili's restaurant experience (East *and* West), the new owners/bar-tenders have managed to retain the Opus namesake but little else. Once one of the few mainstream nightspots that had an exotic, out-of-the-norm, queer-friendly atmosphere, the Opus experience was as much about the friendly, quirky, but always classy wait staff as it was about the drink and food menu. Attentive but never bothersome, the waiters/bartenders would not hesitate to offer samples of new martinis, offer shots with the staff if one happened to sit at the bar, and genuinely entertaining conversation and banter. They took pride in the presentation of the (sometimes off-the-menu and custom-made) drinks they served and took aims to make sure their customers enjoyed themselves.When an establishment asks its customers to pay between $7 and $12 per drink, customers are paying for more than alcohol. In its better days, Opus offered a relaxed, upscale, romantic and intimate spot ideal for both dates and smaller gatherings of friends. The music was a swanky eclectic mix and played at just the right volume for conversation. Even when it was full (as it often was on the weekends), the place retained its lounge atmosphere, and patrons respected this image by dressing-up/dressing well (though the unwashed hipster look was also welcomed).That is what Opus was before the new ownership. After taking over, one half of the ownership duo installed herself as bartender and let go of the other bartenders and wait staff in rapid succession, paring down the staff to just two servers, one of whom works with a perpetual scowl on her face and seems bothered to take one's order.The quality of the martinis has declined noticeably in terms of taste and even more so in terms of presentation and variety. The owner has reduced the number of specialty martinis, exotic liqueurs, and off-the-menu options. The music has changed to something more befitting of a dance floor, often too loud to hear your date or friends speak. Monday nights are now "game nights"-- patrons can now play Monopoly and checkers in a dimly-lit martini bar. The owner's new target audience is essentially the overflow from the loud, frat-boy friendly Madison's across the street. The new Opus business strategy is quantity over quality, in line with their previous fast-food restaurateur work experience.When it's not packed with loud crowds complaining about the martini prices, the owner invites her friends to the bar and devotes all her attention to serving them for free. While this in itself is not necessarily a bother to the average patron, it just so happens that some of her friends happen to be obnoxiously rude and act as if they are at their friend's basement bar, and you're intruding. I have witnessed them on several occasions leering at and bothering other patrons, causing trouble with patrons minding their own, and threatening them with physical violence. At one point there was a physical altercation between the owner's friends and two seemingly self-contained patrons; in the end, the owner sided with her friends and the bar quickly emptied, though it was apparent that even the wait staff thought poorly of the owner and her friends. One's only option is to pay the tab, leave, and spend money elsewhere.When a bar changes hands, it's expected that the new owners will bring their own ideas and methods to the establishment. However, it was clear to anyone who had frequented the bar in the past that Opus had its unique place on King St, an unpretentious but sophisticated upscale lounge, where one could easily spend a hundred dollars and feel like they got their money's worth. I was a patron of the bar for a few years before and about six months after the ownership change, and though I wasn't particularly close to the previous owners and staff, I did feel that a lot had changed, and for the worse. I posted my thoughts on Craig's List and found that many others had a similar impression.To recap, there is a marked loss of the intimate, refined feel of the place, the owner's friends are present and obnoxious enough to be considered a noteworthy nuisance, the warmth of the staff is noticeably lacking, and the atmosphere has changed considerably. If you're in Madison looking for a classy bar away from the riff-raff, I would instead recommend Restaurant Magnus on Wilson St (a few blocks away) or Maduro, a cigar bar on Main St, one street in from Opus.
5	This is my favorite bar in Madison.  The drinks are delish - I love the Hypnaughty, and the vodka cocktail in which you choose your own freshly muddled fruit is also divine.  I haven't tried a drink there that I wouldn't order again, but I also stay away from cocktails which include chocolate or dairy products of any kind.  The chips with dip were pretty tasty, though I don't go to Opus to eat.  The best part about Opus, in my opinion, is how chill it is, the fact that it doesn't have a TV stuck to the wall, and how many "old" (read: over 23) people there are there.
5	Best small lounge for adults in Madison.  Great drinks at adult prices keeps out the riff-raff.  Good small plates you can turn into a light meal.  The place to go for a nice cocktail and conversation.
1	Apparently, I am "riff raff", and not an "adult", because the prices at the Opus Lounge are exactly what keeps me from going to it.I find it totally ridiculous that for the same price as a "chocotini", I could go buy a BOTTLE of vodka and some Hershey's syrup, because that's exactly what the crap tasted like.  I guess I don't really care to hang out at the type of place where people are supposed to get an self-esteem boost because they paid a lot of money for their drink.
1	NOTE: For whatever reason, Yelp has deleted my deleted my negative review (as well as others') at least twice! What's up with that, Yelp? My opinion is just as valide as anyone else's!!! I'll repost as often as I need to get the word out.Once a Madison nightlife gem, Opus seems to have lost its soul and has degenerated into one part unwelcoming private bar, one part overflow of the louder, more obnoxious bars in the area. How could a place that seemed almost too refined for a college town lose so much of its shine, you ask?Four words: New Ownership, Poor Management.From the minds that brought you Madison's Chili's restaurant experience (East *and* West), the new owners/bar-tenders have managed to retain the Opus namesake but little else. Once one of the few mainstream nightspots that had an exotic, out-of-the-norm, queer-friendly atmosphere, the Opus experience was as much about the friendly, quirky, but always classy wait staff as it was about the drink and food menu. Attentive but never bothersome, the waiters/bartenders would not hesitate to offer samples of new martinis, offer shots with the staff if one happened to sit at the bar, and genuinely entertaining conversation and banter. They took pride in the presentation of the (sometimes off-the-menu and custom-made) drinks they served and took aims to make sure their customers enjoyed themselves.When an establishment asks its customers to pay between $7 and $12 per drink, customers are paying for more than alcohol. In its better days, Opus offered a relaxed, upscale, romantic and intimate spot ideal for both dates and smaller gatherings of friends. The music was a swanky eclectic mix and played at just the right volume for conversation. Even when it was full (as it often was on the weekends), the place retained its lounge atmosphere, and patrons respected this image by dressing-up/dressing well (though the unwashed hipster look was also welcomed).That is what Opus was before the new ownership. After taking over, one of the owners installed herself as bartender and let go of the other bartenders and wait staff in rapid succession, paring down the staff to just two servers, one of whom works with a perpetual scowl and seems bothered to take one's order.The quality of the martinis has declined noticeably in terms of taste and even more so in terms of presentation and variety. The owner has reduced the number of specialty martinis, exotic liqueurs, and off-the-menu options. The music has changed to something more befitting of a dance floor, often too loud to hear your date or friends speak. Monday nights are now "game nights"-- patrons can now play Monopoly and checkers in a dimly-lit martini bar. The owner's new target audience is essentially the overflow from the loud, frat-boy friendly Madison's across the street. The new Opus business strategy is quantity over quality, in line with their previous fast-food restaurateur work experience.When it's not packed with loud crowds complaining about the martini prices, the owner invites her friends to the bar and devotes all her attention to serving them for free. While this in itself is not necessarily a bother to the average patron, it just so happens that some of her friends happen to be obnoxiously rude and act as if they are at their friend's basement bar, and you're intruding. I have witnessed them on several occasions leering at and bothering other patrons, causing trouble with patrons minding their own, and threatening them with physical violence. At one point there was a physical altercation between the owner's friends and two seemingly self-contained patrons; in the end, the owner sided with her friends and the bar quickly emptied, though it was apparent that even the wait staff thought poorly of the owner and her friends. One's only option is to pay the tab, leave, and spend money elsewhere.When a bar changes hands, it's expected that the new owners will bring their own ideas and methods to the establishment. However, it was clear to anyone who had frequented the bar in the past that Opus had its unique place on King St, an unpretentious but sophisticated upscale lounge, where one could easily spend a hundred dollars and feel like they got their money's worth. I was a patron of the bar for a few years before and about six months after the ownership change, and though I wasn't particularly close to the previous owners and staff, I did feel that a lot had changed, and for the worse. I posted my thoughts on Craig's List and found that many others had a similar impression.To recap, there is a marked loss of the intimate, refined feel of the place, the owner's friends are present and obnoxious enough to be considered a noteworthy nuisance, the warmth of the staff is noticeably lacking, and the atmosphere has changed considerably.For whatever reason, my review, as well as as those from a few others, have been removed. We will repost as often as we need to!
4	Riff raff... hahaha. So true. But seriously... I don't think it's that expensive! Definitely much cheaper than going out in a bigger city. Especially if you go during the week with their drink specials. Or have someone take you there on a date. Besides, you can't beat half-priced bottles of wine on Sunday. Also. Chips and dip are a must. I feel like nothing bad could ever happen at Opus. Wait. Actually, that's a lie. I was set on fire by a B52 shot gone wrong. lol. In the bartender's defense... he'd never made one before. hahaha. Anyway, long story short- I hearts the Opus and get the warm fuzzies when I think about it =)
5	One of my favorite bars of all time. Their selection of "martinis" (highly alcoholic drinks served in martini glasses) are delicious. Some very lightly flavored, some savory, some sweet, and a rotating seasonal selection as well. Their changing nightly martini flight is hard to beat. Service is friendly, available, and happy to make your visit pleasant. If the music is bothering you, tell the waitstaff or bartender, they're usually in charge of it themselves and are happy to oblige. Their food is great and cheap! Edamame for a dollar? Spiced peanuts and chips and dip too. Drinks average $8-9, and are mostly booze, if you can drink over $30 worth you better not be driving. This isn't a bar to go to for cheap beer and doing shots. What it is, is a great place to go to sit down and actually be able to hear who you're with while sipping some delicious drinks.
3	This place is just alright. I agree that their drinks are quite good- possibly some of the best mixed "martinis" (yeah, really just mixed drinks in a martini glass) in Madison. However, small or "intimate" = the place is shaped like a shoebox. So, you either sit at the narrow bar and feel you're breathing on top of the drink garnishes, or you sit on low seating near the wall and stare at people's knees.Clientele is okay- not all undergrad college kids spilling cheap beer on you, but then you get some so-so thirtysomethings. Their regular food menu is pretty okay, and I would like the place a whole lot more if they would serve it until close. I can't drink their drinks all night without eating something and their late-night menu is limited to, I believe, two whole items, both of which require tooth-brushing afterward.So, in short, drinks are quite good, everything else- meh.
5	amazing atmosphere.  Ritsy Indie feel.  I love the lighting.  It's an intimate setting, great for a smaller party.  Very relaxing, great for a weekday drink.
5	I don't know why I haven't reviewed Opus yet--I go there probably every couple of weeks.As a grad student, I basically limit myself to their Monday all-night happy hours, but if I were in a higher income bracket, I'd definitely go more often.  Yes, they're pricey.  But they're worth it.  I love their cocktails, both the fancy froufrou ones (for example: the Butter Up Kim--sounds horrible; peanuts in a drink?! but it is DELICIOUS; the Ryan's Baby--lemony delicious; the Cha Cha Cha, which matches my hair) and the very simple wines (which they have always obligingly let us sample before ordering) and my personal favorite: gin rickeys made with fresh-squeeze lime juice.I especially appreciate the attentive service that we have always received.  I generally go with other grad student types, and some places I get the feeling that staff don't feel we're worth their time, but that NEVER happens here.  The owner recognizes me--admittedly not hard with my hair--and she and the staff always take good care of us without being suffocating.  Last time I went, she had a headband I'd dropped there almost a month previously that they'd been hanging onto behind the bar for the next time I came in!I really enjoy the atmosphere.  I always like the music they're playing (once they played through the entire Massive Attack Mezzanine album; last time, it was something I didn't recognize but pleasantly reminiscent of mid-career David Bowie), and the seating is nice although I try to avoid the little stools at the low tables, preferring the benches.Finally, if you are looking for a good deal, you can't beat a 25% off "martini flight" during happy hour.  Just ask before you order and they'll tell you what exactly you'll be getting.  It's a good way to sample new drinks and a LOT of alcohol for $12 regular price, $9 at happy hour!  Friend them on Facebook for additional special offers--last week they were doing a free drink after 8pm for fans.
5	Best mixed drinks and a classier, intimate lounge near the Capitol. The bartenders understand what they are doing and are always helpful and friendly. At some point during the night, I usually end up ordering a Martini Flight, which is a great way to sample Opus' signature martinis. They only have a few beers on tap but they're always interesting choices -- Lindeman's Framboise comes to mind. They also serve decent food with a definite Japanese influence (edamame, grilled eel rolls).I do wish their seating were more comfortable. The little seats around the low tables are extremely light and prone to tipping over. Sure makes it harder to relax and partake in martinis.
5	I really like Opus. I feel like it's one of the few bars downtown that has a happening scene without being a rowdy college scene on a Saturday night.  It's classy and intimate, and the drinks are delicious.  They're more pricey than I'd like, but the prices are reasonable for martinis.  Their martini concoctions are extensive.  I really enjoy their champagne martinis and the tokyo rose with sake and plum wine.   The food is okay. It's not fine dining, but more upscale than your average bar food.  But really, I'm there for the martinis not the food.
5	Place is beautiful!!   love the vibe and the atmosphere.  Unique to Madison.   Food is good and it is a good place to chill.  Downside it is a little small.Love the drinks.   I think the drink prices factoring that they  give you a good atmosphere and location.       Def worth stopping by.     Although avoid when they are busy, because it can get cramped.
5	I went here the other night with a buddy of mine and it was amazing. I even checked-in! I have been searching madison for a nice low-key lounge like this where you can actually have a conversation with whom you are with with out blasting music. Nice comfy couches set a relaxed tone and exotic drinks make ya feel important! Furthermore, the staff who was there that night was a nice female server and male bartender I believe Sara was her name. They knew their drinks extremely well and made excellent suggestions when I couldn't figure out what I wanted. They based their suggestions off other drinks I had enjoyed. 5 Stars for gorgeous location, beautiful interior, and awesome, friendly staff.
3	Friendly service  odd beer selection no spotted cow. Lots of mixed libations and they specialize in martinis. Mid 20s and up crowd
5	Awesome drink specials and service. I love going on Tuesdays for half priced Martini Flights! Yum.
2	I met the girlfriend here for a tapas dinner and drinks. And frankly, the beer selection was shit and the tapas were shittier.I'm sure that Opus is good at what it specializes in. The nearly all-female clientele on any given night is an attestation to the fact that if you're at Opus, you're there for the fancy-looking sweet cocktails. The cocktail menu is impressively large and creative, with something for everyone who likes paying $12 a drink.If you want beer though, they've got about 4 or 5 on tap and an equally unimpressive bottle selection. I applaud them for bringing in a couple unique Belgians but, as you might expect, one was fruit-flavored with a low alcohol content and cost twice as much as a regular beer.What really bothered me about Opus is the quality of food they're serving. I got a decent spread of tapas and found that I didn't just have a bad dish or two. The crappy food quality is present in everything.First off, portions are massive. So that's the first strong indicator that you're not being served "tapas," you're being served "frozen appetizers." Tapas are small portions that have been expertly cooked and cared for, with an attention to detail that is not at all present in Opus' food. So it's pretty clear that they write "tapas" on their menu for the snooty foreign-sounding effect, and that is just plain deceptive at best.Going through dish by dish I can tell you that all the Asian-style tapas were absolute garbage. The spring rolls were extremely soggy and contained a bitter mixture of gooey black "vegetables." The tempura was greasy and very unappetizing; I had no desire to finish it at all. But the worst offender was the cheese fondue which, in addition to being served in a bowl comically heated by a tiny tealight candle, was way too bitter for enjoyment. By the end it was less a fondue moreso than it was a bowl of gross melted cheese and half-and-half. The selection of items for dipping was strange and included several ingredients that I was disgusted by earlier.All that aside I can end on one good note with the food, which I found in the goat cheese crostini. While the goat cheese itself was not much better than anything you can grab in the grocery store, the tapenade and vinaigrette topping that crostini were excellent redeeming qualities. Both were just a little sweet and a lot savory, imparting a unique and delicious flavor. And that's saying a lot about the tapenade because I tend to dislike olives. So, again, to summarize. Nice and overpriced cocktails. Almost everything else is absolute shit.
5	After reading a few of the Yelp reviews and seeing the menu when I first arrived I was concerned that this would be a menu driven cocktail lounge lacking any real creativity.  Boy, was I wrong, and am I ever glad I was!The decor is urban chic with a soundtrack to match that ranged from hip hop to acid jazz and many alternative formats in between.  As I scanned the booze behind the bar I saw what I thought were too many flavored vodkas, but then, who doesn't have too many flavored vodkas these days?  The menu was also full of what sound like fruity, girly drinks and, my pet peeve, is called a martini menu (a martini is a cocktail, and this was a cocktail menu!).  Fortunately, Marilyn, the bartender on duty, came to the rescue and patiently demonstrated that she and Opus have real cocktail chops.  I ended up sampling three of the menu items, the Dill Collins, an interesting riff on the classic Tom Collins which was very refreshing on a warm summer evening,  Next was the Royal Highness featuring Plantation rum and egg white among its ingredients.  Yes, I said egg white, and when a bar is mixing cocktails with egg white they get my full attention!  This drink evoked visions of tiki torches and tropical beaches for me.  The third menu item was the Pimm'd Up Bondurant.  Only the second cocktail I've seen anywhere using the venerable Pimm's No. 1 and it was delicious.I finished the night with an off menu drink from Marilyn that featured Laphroiag scotch, ginger and lemon flavors.  Again, a homerun that has me wishing I had written down the recipe - but unfortunately, didn't.  Bottom line is that if you're looking for good cocktails in Madison, look no further than Opus Lounge.
5	I just keep coming back here. Appetizers are really good and go well with the drinks. Try the Butter Up Kim.
5	Great spot!
5	Good times with my girls here!
4	Uhm, holy cocktails batman. I mean pages PAGES of cocktails. That alone makes this place rank high in my book!
5	Champagne cocktails +  2-for-1 Monday nights +  Jimmy bartending = WAY TOO MUCH FUN.  Love this place.  My faves are The Skipper N Ginger TOO, the Bellini (of course), and the Fleur de Champagne.
5	Best martinis in Madison.  Tasty drinks (beer choices for those more inclined) -try the Butter Up Kim for a martini. Good service.  The place is often packed on weekends so seating is not always easy to come by. There were some trivial pursuit cards at the bar that can be used to show your friends who knows best.
5	adorable, creative, and delicious!!  And the drinks aren't so bad either!  ; )
2	On the plus side, there is a lot of selection and the staff are friendly and well-meaning. Otherwise, almost every single drink is incredibly sweet. I struggled to find something that wasn't loaded with sugar, and even drinks that are described as mild or tart sent me into sugar overload. The place is crowded and relatively uncomfortable, especially on the weekend. It's one of the few bars in madison that seems geared exclusively towards bachelorette parties. Which I guess could be a plus or a negative.
3	Met a friend here for a few drinks; we sat at the bar, which is sorta' small - not many seats, and not very deep - the bartenders are making drinks within inches of you.Very limited tap menu; this place is more of a wine/martini bar. I watched the barkeeps as they made dozens and dozens of crazy looking martinis; I stuck with a bottle of Sapporo.Food smelled and looked decent; we saw several small plates as they left the kitchen and were delivered to the handful of chic tables.Prices seemed fair; they had half-price glasses of wine last night (Wednesday), which was a welcomed suprise.The only downside? The downstairs bathrooms. They look/feel/seem like an afterthought. The rest of the place is pretty swanky and cool; the bathrooms seemed to be thrown together with some Menards rope lighting and builder-grade fixtures.
3	Drinks are solid but the space needs a serious upgrade.  It screams the 1990s and it's not because they are trying to be ironic.
3	In the sea of many loud, read: potentially obnoxious, college bars just blocks away, Opus Lounge is a welcome respite. If you seek a true cocktail lounge, this is the place to grab a seat. The good: -Opus has a magnanimous list of cocktails - an impressive array that will quench just about anyone's alcoholic thirst. -The interior (save the green neon lighting) is simple but modern, dark and intimate. -Servers are friendly a knowledgeable about their extensive menu. -My husband's drink - Dill Collins - was fantastic. I don't ever, ever, order gin and I would most certainly order this next time around. The meh:-Drinks can take a very long time to arrive at your table. When hubs and I stopped in for a drink around 6:45pm on a Friday night, we waited 25 minutes for our 2-drink order to arrive. I was thirsty. -My dirty martini was fine. Not great. Not bad. Just fine. And $10 for a dirty martini in Madison, I expected a bit more. -I get the allure of an intimate lounge, but I was practically in the lap of the stranger next to me. Seating is tight!
3	When I think of Opus, I think of opulent, but in the suburban-moderno sort of way. This is a decent stand-by place to get together for some conversation and drinks, and they also have hors d'oeuvres or chocolate fondue for those who like nibbling with their sipping. It's in a central location, and there's usually some parking around.The drinks are a bit pricey to merit staying for longer than a drink or two, but you'll do it if you're in good company. Also, with names like "Banana Nut Bread," and my favorite from a summer menu long past, "Boot Rear Float," it may be hard for the sweet-toothed to resist.  Opus can get crowded for groups of 4 or more during the usual times, but if you come early or are lucky enough to get booth seating, feel free to settle in and order another "Snowball."
4	Are you looking for a place to hang out and chat with friends? Look no further, after your delicious meals at the capitol, head over to this sleek and comfortable lounge for some drinks and talk. Also, they have many happy hour specials. Snacks are 25% off, and on other days they have other specials!The owner, Many (I'm really sorry if I wrote your name wrongly..), was very kind to let Yelp have its Boozing and Schmoozing event at her lounge. She personally served our group and made sure we had drinks to go around for everyone. According to Many, Opus was the first location for signature/craft cocktails in Madison, in 2000!! isn't that amazing?  I really enjoyed the booths and low lighting. Drinks and good ambience make for great conversations. The snacks seemed rather expensive on the menu, but they were all tasty AND after happy hour discount, we paid only $16 for 5 different appetizers. woohoo. great deal!Snacks:Sweet potato fries - great thickness, not crispy/crunchy fries. I wish there were more! Great sauce to go with fries.Fried cheese - I imagined a slab of grilled cheese look-a-like. But I got SPRING ROLLS! Awesome idea. love the crispiness from the wrap, and chewy texture of the cheeseHummus - wish there were more hummus! There was loads of olive tapenade and a huge roasted garlic. Chips and Dips - one of the most worth it items on the menu. lots of chips with nice ranch like dip.Drinks:Whiskey man - floral, not so sweet drink (although some friends disagree). Quite a strong alcoholic tasteAlana's ruby slippers - love this champagne cocktail. sweet and bubbly and fruity. Definitely my next drink when I visitLady Earl (or something like that from the seasonal specialty cocktails) - not so sweet drink. taste more of the alcohol than anythingLatino Pepino (seasonal specialty) - refreshing and light. not a sweet drink.I won't be here for food, but I'll definitely bring my girls when I want to have some downtime to unwind and chat. Happy hour drinks and snacks are another motivation ;)
4	An oft passed-over place near other raucous bars like the Tipsy Cow and Argus. It's so small and classy, no wonder people here walk straight past it. Inside, you will find a lofty space with comfy, intimate booths. There's some classy music playing, and a long list of delicious adult beverages with apt descriptions. They have straight ballin' happy hour specials every day of the week except Saturday, and delicious snacks if you get munchies. Some of my favorite drinks: Alana's Ruby Slipper (a drink that includes champagne, St. Germaine, cassis, and ginger) and the Whiskey Man (Rye whiskey with orange blossom, hint of elderflower and fresh sour). Although the space is kind of small, you will probably have it to yourself most of the times. This place is sadly overlooked in favor of the other places on King St. Give it a try though, you will be most pleasantly surprised.
4	Friends brought us here, extolling the delights of the martinis. They weren't wrong.The drinks are interesting, tasting exactly like their namesakes. My root beer float martini tasted JUST LIKE a root beer float: root beer, melty ice cream, fizziness. I was delighted. I ordered the flight, which consists of 4 tiny martinis that are bartender's choice. All of them were great, leaving me sugared up and slightly buzzing. My companions were all equally happy with their orders. We got the cheese fondue in addition, which was quite good. The stuff-to-dip was ok, but I would have liked bigger pieces or a wider array of stuff. Staff was friendly enough, though not overly welcoming. The decor was comfortable but didn't leave much of an impression on me. It would be fun to go later in the evening when the lighting is low and a small crowd warms the place. I'd definitely go back when in town again.
1	This is a nice place and my favorite place in Madison. but the manager Mandy is really rude because she would kick people out for no reason. She's stubborn and non-friendly. I wouldn't come back here ever again unfortunately.
3	Nice and quiet however wouldn't order off the cocktail menu unless you want a heavily mixed and sweetened drink. Wouldn't trust them to make a classic cocktail (ie old fashioned or martini).
4	The drinks are a little more expensive than most places in Madison but a whole lot better than most! They have the best monitor in Madison in my opinion but I have not gotten a mojito at the usual craft drink places like Merchant's. I don't feel they are on par with the creativity as Merchant's but they can make a mean drink. It sounds like a weird drink but my husband really enjoyed the Scotch version of the blind Russian. Unique but very good flavor! This is a great place to grab a drink or two before a long wait for seating at Red Sushi. If you are a fan of mojitos check them out!
5	The absolute best cocktails you will ever have. Try the peanut butter!
5	Love it! We come back from out of town this is so good. Great mixed drinks and martinis! Relaxed, more sophisticated crowd. If you like peanut butter, the 'Butter Up Kim' is dreamy. I haven't found it anywhere else.
5	Opus Lounge has fantastic drinks and appetizers! The service is excellent, especially with Mandy as she will give you suggestions as you ask for them. A definite must hang out for the night owls in Madison!
4	Very cool, swanky spot! I had the lychee margarita and shared the stuffed olives, spring rolls, and cheese fondue with two pals - it was all pretty good! Definitely enough to fill us up. Good variety on the menu, and the cocktail list looked really fun.We got there around 7 on a game day and didn't have any trouble getting a seat, but it looked like it becomes a pretty hop pin' spot after dark. Dim lighting and low seating, very cool ambience. Reasonable prices and GREAT service.
4	Opus is where classy and casual meet for a drink and a bite to eat.  Cocktails are the star of the show here, and I've really enjoyed the ones I've tasted  Personally, I'm a pretty serious craft beer nerd, and I'm quite pleased with Opus's relatively short but very well-curated tap list.  They pour a nice mix of brews from Madison and beyond, with solid representatives of the major genres plus some interesting entries.  While it's not an expansive list, it's very well thought out and sure to satisfy.  I've sampled several appetizers including sushi rolls, sweet potato fries, chips, and the addictive sweet/salty/spicy nuts and enjoyed them all.Service is absolutely top notch.  At a large event tonight, our charming server , Jessica, not only kept a drink in every hand but knew exactly who ordered what and needed no sorting out of drinks among our large group at the end of the evening which was very impressive!  This little spot has a wide range - I'd come here with a big group like tonight, a quick solo or small group drink after work, and anything in between.
