1	At the outset Maison June Rose sounds like a good deal but it quickly falls very, very flat. The advertised all-you-can-eat $20 Chinese-style menu turned out to be a bunch of absolutely TINY appetizer sized portions that are neither tasty nor Chinese. Sure, there's things that sound familiar at a 'Chinese' restaurant - some salt and pepper shrimp, some steamed broccoli - but its evident with the first bite that no effort has gone into creating any discernable flavour. Every dish was so unbelievably salty that I had to ask for 3 refills of water. And that's saying something coming from a guy with an unfazeable stomach.Furthermore, when my girlfriend and I tried every dish on the buffet menu we figured 'maybe the chefs actually try harder on the off-the-buffet menu.' We were mistaken. Not only did the Duck Rillettes taste like a salt lick, but it wasn't even edible. We kindly asked the waitress to take it away. After asking the owner why the dish we sent back was still on the bill (we sent it back), he vehemently refused to comp the $7 dish and said 'whatever I serve is good and people like it.' We did our best to kindly tell him the duck rillette was inexcusably bad, tasted nothing like food and only a condensed and salted preservative - and that we simply did not wish to pay for it. But the level of pomposity was too high to even have a conversation with the man.Anyway, I figured I would end the meal with one of those classic chinese desserts - sesame balls with bean paste (Another off-buffet-menu item, $5). The only way to describe it would be a frozen and microwave-reheated version of an almost un-fuck-up-able food. The preparation was so poor that the sesame ball couldn't support its own weight; in fact I was left asking "why is it so hard to unstick from my teeth"" and "what discount frozen section did they buy this from?"The owner SERIOUSLY needs to reconsider the buffet menu. If the buffet menu was a baseball player, it would be batting 0.154 - only the Sauteed Chinese Broccoli and the Braised Eggplant and Pork were good enough to warrant a second order. We didn't want to finish most of the buffet menu items (and we're talking VERY small sized plates). I can't tell you how heinous the duck rillette was; under no circumstances should that item be served to anyone without a severe congestion.To be fair, the decoration and ambience is very beautiful at Maison June Rose. It would be a great bar for drinks, if you can stomach $16 cocktails (btw there's nothing special about them, only the price).If you've had your tongue cut out recently, I'm sure you'll enjoy your dinner at June Rose!
4	One of those place you go to have fun, a good time. The ambiance is very well tought of. Music selection is awesome - Lou reed, Van Morisson and Motown classics as I sip a White Russian ? Yes please. The "all you can eat" concept is swell when you are a party of four. You can taste everything, making you feel like its a little bit Christmas time. Except your eating chinese. If your waiting to be blown away ten times by the food alone you might be a tad bit disappointed, but it's still very good. Bring good friends at June Rose and everything will be right in this world for that night.
2	First of all, I must admit that I'm obviously not their target market. In fact, I'm not sure what their target market is, other than drinkers. The music is loud, supposed to be a party atmosphere, but the music is 80s and 90s. The menu has a nice restrained list of items, though there are a few as an "upsell". If I had to pin the tail on the donkey, this is Chinese tapas. The downside is that they serve too little on a plate. They should be plates for 2, scaled up for 3 or more, but they don't seem to scale them at all, meaning that we had to order two plates at times. The items that stand out on the menu are the barbecue pork and the eggplant. But honestly, nothing special enough to bring me back.
4	After reading a few negative reviews here and elsewhere I was hesitant to eat at June Rose but as it was a friend who chose the venue, I didn't have much of a choice. Turns out my hesitation was unfounded as my GF and I had a great time and loved the food.The ambiance is totally charming. Our waitress was friendly and efficient. Ya perhaps  the drinks are /a little/ on the pricy side but we both enjoyed our Mai Tais and they were strong enough to leave us a little tipsy afterwards too. I don't remember the names of all the dishes we tried but we honestly really liked everything...and we're pretty discerning eaters. I do however remember the Pork and shrimp omelette, Salt and pepper shrimp, and the Braised eggplant and pork because we ordered seconds! Delicious.Sure the servings are appetizer-sized but it's all-you-can-eat so why are people complaining about that here? If you try something you like and want more, *order it again*! And a third time if necessary. I walked out of there too stuffed for my own good. I'll try to have more restraint next time but there will certainly be a next time.
