4	I always have pretty good experiences here.  And I almost always take my car here for service, with the Pep Boys Rewards, it definitely makes it worth it.  I've found the mechanics here to be honest about what service is needed, they don't try to rake you over the coals and get you to do a bunch of unnecessary stuff.  And there are usually good coupons online for whatever you need done that make the prices reasonable.
5	Pep boys is great both in price and service. I bought tires from them about 6 months ago and my left rear tire seemed to go flat over a 3 day period. Set an appt and they found two nails in that tire and two other nails in two more tires. I didn't buy road hazard insurance on them but they fix if they can free of charge. I had them do an o change while I was there and it is normally $100 per change due to 8 qts of oil and synthetic for a Mercedes. The manager said she found some for less and reduced the cost to $65 for me. Also rotated the tires free of charge. They match prices apparently and then take an additional 5% off that according to a phone call I overheard. I'd definitely recommend giving them a try.
5	They did a great job taking care of my car and what I needed. Even went above and beyond to find me an antenna at the dealership.
5	My car was giving my issues on a Sunday, and Pep Boys was about the only place that was open.The sales people were very helpful and efficient, and my car was fixed very rapidly. I had the battery replaced, the oil changed and new wipers put on the car. I can't recommend them highly enough.
1	They are crminal con artists, if it a simple problem, they wont tell you,.they will tell you they have to check this and that and charging you all the way, dont go here, they will screw you without the KY
1	I came in for oil change. I have an appointment at 11am.  Service guys informed me it'll take like an hour to do it. So, I'm fine with it. It has been 1 hour and 30 min and my car is still not done and still in the garage. If I knew this will take this long, then I should've cancelled or went on a different day. I'm kinda frustrated and hungry at this point. Oil change doesn't take this friggin long. Sorry not a happy customer.
