4	I have stayed here a few times......I normally stay in one of their junior suites by the pool.  Rooms are very comfortable and up-dated.  Great location that is close to resturants and shopping.  Reasonable price for a nice hotel......Not the Ritz, but very comfortable and relaxing......
5	I recently attended a business meeting at the Marriott at McDowell Mountain.  There are so many things I liked about this beautiful hotel.1.  Convenient parking.  No need to valet.  2.  Beautiful grounds, pool, spa, next to golf course.  Stunning view!3.  Lush and comfortable environment!-They just completed a multi-million dollar remodel so everything is new!  Absolutely fantastic!4.  Banquet service was impeccable.  They were as quiet as they could be while our speaker gave the presentation.5.   Food was beautifully plated and absolutely delicious!  I had a seafood crab cake, filet mignon, real mashed potatoes and fresh steamed veggies.  Beautiful salad and delicious dessert.  All the food was served at the right temperature.I highly recommend this location for your next business function or event.  Weddings would be nice here too.  Absolutely wonderful!Enjoy!
5	I had my wedding at this hotel, and it was awesome! First of all, about half of our guests came from NY, so you know they're picky. They were still talking about how great the food was months after our wedding. The hotel grounds are very well kept, and the place always looks immaculate. Best of all, the staff catered to our every need. They were actually anticipating what we might need and getting it to us before we had to ask. They sent my husband beer and snacks and a personal note the morning of the wedding while he was getting ready with his groomsmen, and they brought what was left of our cake out to us in the lobby the day after the wedding so we could sit there with our family and eat it right there in the lobby. I've never had such amazing service anywhere. (Oh, and during the wedding, they took my bouquet and all my bridesmaids bouquets and laid them all around our room, like around the tub, and they had strawberries and champagne waiting for us -- such a nice touch.) I HIGHLY recommend this place for hosting any occasion.
3	I really want to give them 3.9 stars, but not possible, and they don't deserve 4 quite yet until they do something about the food.My review is based on yet another outing with the manfriend while he worked and I hung out (sweet!).  We stayed 4 nights.+ 1 Star - Holiday Flair.  Marriott got their Xmas yayas out big time.  Big ole trees in the lobby and stuff displayed here, there, everywhere in the public spaces.  Tasteful but festive.+ 1 Star - Fruit.  I am addicted to the fresh fruit in the lobby.  Yum I say!- 1 Star (really minus two...) Food.  God Awful restaurant.  Breakfast is okay but price!  Ridic!  $16 for the "cold" option?! seriously.  And whatever you do, DO NOT order the pizza.  I had it for dinner and literally could not eat it.  Makes Dominos look gourmet.  Instead.....+ 1 Star - Fridge.  No lame-ass overpriced mini bar.  There is a bar sized fridge that you can go to the Whole Foods nearby (10 min) and stock up with numnums.  Also good way to avoid the overpriced breakfast and the other meals (that are toxic).+ 1 Star - Room size.  Out here in the middle of the desert, there is a lot of room.  So it's nice to see that they gave us a sitting room with rull on sofa, chair, coffee table-y stool things, desk, settee, little outside patio with two chairs/table, entertainment center, wet bar with fridge, good sized bathroom with 2 sinks and separate shower/tub.Neutral Stars - Toiletries and such. I heart these guys for giving up the bathrobes (the room, strangely, only came with one, but asked nice housekeeper and she gave me more).  But where are my fuzzy slippers? And what's with the skimpy washing stuff - only 2 soaps, shampoo, conditioner, lotion. No bath gel?  And it's sunny here normally, so it would be nice to have sunscreen or some other "Arizona" type thing.+ 1 Star - Flat Screens.  Cannot believe that the last 2 places I stayed had dino-tube TV's.  So I must start giving props for the flat screens to show some love to the hotels that are getting with the 20th century! Woohoo!  Also, they have some funky free programs on the TV here.  Check out "Jellyfish".  They are your friends.- 1 Star - The Water Trick.  I hate this, personally.  Don't be such cheap arses that you put the water out (especially here, in a desert) with a $5 (!!!) price tag around the neck.  How about - 1st one free, after that you can order more from room service for a fee or something?  Ugh.  That is one of my pet peeves as is....- 1 Star - Internet Charge.  Seriously?  $12 a day?  Come on people.  + 1 Star - Parking free.  Self park of course but valet .....- 1 Star - Valet parking gouge.  Are you joking $20?  How about I will park some one else's car once and you give me free breakfast.  But not dinner.  Poison. Ugh.+ 1 Star - Nice.  The people here are just so darn nice.  Geez.  It's like they all are on some sort of medication.  Nice nice nice.  Lalalalala. Nice.All in all, would we come back? Yeah, we would if it's the only price-appropriate place at the time (this time was about $210 a night with tax etc).  Now that we know to avoid the dining room as much as possible, we are better psyched up.  But I think there might be some better options for us, so tbd in the future. Check out the following while you are in Scottsdale/Phoenix:The Talesin House (Frank Lloyd Wright) - 15 minutes from hotelBikram Yoga Paradise Valley - 20 minutes
4	Had a great stay here over the past couple of days.  We came as an unwind after a far-too-busy wedding week for our stay-honeymoon.  We got a great deal on 3 nights and didn't really need to leave the hotel, a big plus.The grounds of the hotel are beautiful, lovely ruddish pink with lots of trees and wood furniture abound.  There is a big pool with plenty of room for us but there is no sense of privacy there and it feels just kinda mediocre.The rooms I am told are all suites, but since we were h-mooning it, the sweet ladies at the desk gave us a room with a beautiful view of the TPC course, the sunset and Camelback/Piestewa.  The room was very comfortable, great couch and huge bed, two flat screens and a balcony which was a perfect location for a room service feast.We loved the food here, eating one dinner from room service and eating at the restaurant the other.  Both times we had the wedge salad, it was huge, very bleu cheesy and served with blistered tomatoes, which were sweet like fruit.  The restaurant night we shared the pot-roast, which was truly excellent.  The waiter described it as "like mom makes" and we didn't disagree.  The drinks, they have a great selection, but they were pretty over-priced at $12 for an Absolute Mandarin and soda for the lady.This is more of a business hotel than a honeymoon spot, but we got such a deal that we were able to make a resort of it.  If you're coming in town to golf or watch golf at the TPC, I think this would be the perfect spot.
4	This resort is insanely fancy. The morning breakfast is great. Very clean and roomy.  I get scared at night by how big the rooms are. BIGGEST downside is..no free internet, hence minus one star.
4	Stayed here a full week and was pleased.  The hotel grounds are beautiful and the pool is nice.  The hotel is near a local airport so there are a lot of private planes flying overhead which is a little annoying when you're trying to relax by the pool.  Rooms are a little smallish but very nice.  Ate breakfast every day at the hotel so that's the only meal I can comment on.  We had the buffet and it was very good with a good selection of foods.  Friendly staff.  I would stay here again.
3	I thought this place was better than a 3/5 rating, but I thought that 4/5 was too high.  Bar service - very nice bartenders.Hotel front desk - very nice and speedy service.Room - I stayed in a suite and the room was great.  2 30in flat screen tv's, small kitchen, living room, and 2 full beds.  The only problem was that the room wasn't as clean as it should have been.  I found nail clippings in the living room from the previous person who stayed in that room which I didn't mind cause I just wanted to pass out from the plane ride there.  Anyways, I had called the front desk and asked them to vacuum my room because I found these either toe or finger nail clippings on the ground.  The room service rep said she could send some one up immediately, but I told that it was okay, and to send someone in the morning.  After coming back from work, I had noticed that the clipping were still there.  So again, I called the front desk to have them vacuum in the morning.  I'm assuming it was still the same lady because she has said that someone was supposed to have already done that. So the next day, before I left for work, I ended up putting a note on the ground, and drew a big arrow pointing to the nail clippings on the ground.  When I had come back the note was moved to the chair and the nail clippings were finally gone!If I had asked them to vacuum twice, because they couldn't get the job done right in the first place, leads me to question how well they clean everything else (bathroom, bedding, towels, etc),  It's kind of gross thinking about that.  Gym - very small, dumbbells only go up to 55 lbs.  Pillows - absolutely suck.  I guess it just depends if you like fluffy pillows to the point where you just sink right into the pillow - almost as if your not using a pillow.
2	I cannot believe this place is an actual Marriott property and not a Courtyard or Springhill Suites, which is the designation I think it truly deserves. The pictures on Marriott's website are particularly deceptive for this hotel. The quality of accommodation, service level & amenities is sub par.The hotel itself is an okay property. The lobby is nice & the rooms are acceptable however the pool area is small and sparse and the room windows are not nearly thick enough. The hotel is unfortunately located next to the airport so all day long there is the sound of airplanes and they cheaply did not use the right thickness of windows to block the noise. The service I received was disappointing, and as a Platinum Marriott member I have come to expect more. The lady who checked us in was curt and barely looked at us while checking in. She tried to put us in a room that was less nice than what I had reserved and paid for, and I had to ask for room upgrades (none available...first time that's ever happened to me) & my complimentary breakfast (no concierge lounge on the property) - basically she was not going to offer to me what I deserved. In general the people working at the restaurant were unfriendly.  The place is overpriced for what it is. Also whoever designed the hotel did a poor job of situating the rooms & hotel areas to take in the great beauty of the surroundings. Thirty seconds in a car away from the hotel & it's gorgeous, but none of that can really be seen or appreciated from the hotel which is a shame. I will never return to this property and would rather stay at a different hotel in the same area.
5	Really nice hotel with a breakfast bar similar to a Hilton hotel.
1	$20/person for the breakfast buffet-AKA Scottsdale Denny's. We were served cold coffee, the waitresses servers couldn't care less about us it seemed, and the food was mediocre at best. Yup- will not be back.
4	Very nice rooms and restaraunt.  Nice grounds next to golf course.  Pleasant staff.
3	Bordering on two stars, but the room is nice enough to keep it at 3. This location is apparently a training site for new employees; the first person to greet me blurted it was his first day. Since then, I haven't had the best experience. The room is nice, but for me there are a few things that didn't impress. I requested a king suite and got stuck with two double beds. For a 6'3" business traveler, not so good. Plus, the iron didn't work - that's a big one for me. Did I mention the bath tub was dirty? I went downstairs for breakfast and it took forever for the waitress to come over, so I went up and got my oatmeal and fruit. Only later did she let me know there was an item for that on the menu, but because I did the buffet, it would be $18. The very last employee to have a connection with me was the general manager, whom offered her business card upon hearing the name of my company (our corporate location is minutes away), citing that she would love to have more of our corporate travelers at her wonderful "resort". I politely took her card, advised her to have a nice day, and left it at that.
4	Plus:Very nice, large, modern, comfortable rooms.  Pretty grounds.  Easy FREE parking. (I'm getting really, really tired of paying for parking at suburban type hotels where I am actually paying to stay.)  The hotel was very accommodating about arranging for a late checkout.  Nice cleaning staff. Cute little bunnies hopping around the lawns.Minus: BIG MINUS. Even though we're Marriott members and that's supposed to include free internet, "That is not offered at this property".  The business center is located out in the middle of the lobby, no privacy. LOUD airplane noise starting very early in the morning,  (I've stayed in rooms overlooking international airports that are not this loud!)  Breakfast was quite good, but including tip I paid $21 for yogurt, fruit, coffee and toast.  Only did that once!
5	I went to a seminar once where a lady said "if you go the extra mile for people when its a special occassion for them, they will remember it forever." coincidentally, the lady who said this was the head honcho of the Ritz Carlton Hotels:)Point of that story is this: IT IS ABSOLUTELY TRUE! The Marriott McDowell Mountain Hotel was the host hotel for our wedding and we were BEYOND thrilled with the service! Not only was the hotel and all of its staff incredibly accomodating, they went OVER and ABOVE at every opportunity. They made extra shuttle trips when our guests needed them, they threw in some free munchies by the pool, I am sure they slipped us a free pitcher of Sangria once or twice while our whole group was enjoying a day by the pool. Not to mention that they had a beautiful fruit display ready for our bridal suite for us and Champaign, flower petals, and chocolate covered strawberries when we returned from the ceremony. To top it off, when a bunch of our local guests decided last minute to stay at the hotel, they were very generous with their rates and made everyone feel very welcome!I want to thank the Marriott for making our special weekend so perfect! I would also HIGHLY recommend this location for anyone looking for a stay-cation, or somewhere to stay in the North Scottsdale area. FANTASTIC Experience!
3	The hotel is nice, with one bedroom suites that are larger than an average hotel room.  The gold sinks were a little dated, and my tv did not work until I played with the cables, but that was not a big deal.  I would give the place four stars, but the breakfast buffet was 20 dollars, which I think is just a crime.  I had a fruit plate, a small amount of eggs, and ended up paying nearly 25 dollars with tax and tip.  They might get away with this because most people are there on business and not really paying for it, but it really bothered me.  The pool is also a little small for a resort type place in this location, and I don't like the wall that keeps you from seeing the pool when you are in the hot tub.
5	I would like to say this was the best weekend I have had in a long time. The hotel was perfect and the service was excellent. I have stayed in other marriot hotels and they were a category higher but I have to say this  hotel should be rated  higher. I am diffently returning in the fall for another vacation.
2	Do not go to the restaurant right now. The hotel is under construction and you will be dining in an auxiliary room, which has as much charm as a coat room. When I called and asked about having breakfast there, the gal on the phone didn't even mention this. I was meeting some out of town guests and was quite embarrassed.
2	Booked in here based on the web-site, I am platinum and wanted to see what other properties looked like in Scottsdale.  I did a double take coming into the hotel, it has a temporary entrance, very strange set up.  I mentioned to the front-desk, who curtly told me that it works doesn't it.  Yes I guess it does.Same went for the temporary dining room that I just didn't want to use, it really is an afterthought with absolutely ZERO atmosphere in fact it feels very awkward.Rooms are clean, but at 6PM would be nice if the prior guest's tray had been removed from the front door.  Not a biggy.Because of the construction the flow of this hotel from one area to the next is none to easy.So back to the JW on Lincoln at least until the remodel is done.
4	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for our 10 year anniversary trip. We arrived on a Sunday and departed Wednesday. The staff was all very friendly. Our room was very nice with plenty of space, comfortable bed, clean and a nice bathroom. We spent a lot of time at the pool and luckily had it all to ourselves. The pool was heated and the hot-tub hot. My only complaint is how expensive the littlest things are. Drinks and meals are overpriced. The other issue that others have mentioned is the nearby small airport. There are frequent small airplanes that come and go and they are somewhat loud, but it really didn't bother us. Overall we enjoyed our stay and would consider coming back.
4	If you are going to Scottsdale and want to luxuriate at a wonderful resort . . this probably isn't the place for you as this Marriott with it's fancy name is basically located in an office park and serves the many corporations that surround it.The good news?  It means if you come on a weekend- you will pretty much have the place to yourself for on a recent weekend when I was here- I was the only one in many instances . . . .at the bar . . . .at the pool . . in the restaurant.  That, of course, all changed when Monday rolled around and the rest of the business crowd strolls in.That being said, the property is quite nice.  All the rooms are suites with a large sitting area, desk, "bar area" with free coffee and a mini refrigerator.  And while the coffee may be free, you will pay $12.95 a day for Internet.  And the bedroom is also large with an attached bathroom (separate shower and tub) and marble floors.  Unless you ask- you will not get a balcony or patio which I missed although the big windows do open to let the Arizona air in.The property is adjacent to a small (very busy) airport (must be all the corporate presidents returning for the workweek or something) so there is a lot of plane noise.  Not enough to keep you awake (the rooms are quite quiet) but enough to make you take notice.The lobby bar and restaurant have been redone and I like the indoor/outdoor feel of the place.  And back on the patio overlooking the mountains and the golf course- you can enjoy a drink or two and there are heaters and a fireplace to keep you warm if the temps drop.  There is a shuttle bus that will take you to any of the close in companies in the area, but know if you stay here and don't have business in the area, you are going to need to rent a car to get anywhere as this is pretty far out and not close to much.All in all- a functional, clean Marriott that is perfect if you have business in the area.
5	Came here for one night only and could not have been happier. The staff was extremely nice and the room spacious. They did not have an upgrade for me as a Gold member so they put me in a room with a patio and favorable view right off of one of the tee boxes. The front desk clerk walked us over to the elevator and pushed the button for us!Our suite was huge, with a living room with pullout, small kitchenette, and refrigerator. The decor was just okay, nothing too special. The bathroom had both a tub and a stand up shower with a rain bath head. There were also dual sinks in the bathroom. The bedroom had its own TV and an iHome clock.The pool was a bit small, and is only 4 ft. deep at its deepest point, so perfect for kids. The staff here was also great, getting us fresh hot towels! The chairs could use some updating but I won't complain too much.As Gold Elite, we got one free breakfast which include meat and an omelet station. The seating area is right off the lobby so it is very convenient. There is also a large patio with lots of seating and a fire pit, overlooking the pool and golf course.The most amazin part was the free parking. A place like this could easily charge for it (don't get an ideas Marriott), but they don't. Great family hotel!
5	great place!for $125/night, i got a suite. it was very nice, a living room, bedroom, refrigerator, bathroom.very clean and comfortable.  the pool outside is huge, was able to do some lap swimming.  the facility is nice and staff were all friendly and attentive.
4	I stay here for work, it is close to our office and I love having a suite so that I can work  away from the bed.  The rest of the room is great, i like the separate shower from tub.  I have only been coming since the remodel, but I love the outdoor area, great for meeting up with coworkers after a long day of meetings.  I have always had great customer service.  The only change would be to upgrade the soaps and shampoo, this is supposed to be a resort, the basic Marriott brand needs to go. :)
5	Stayed here on a business trip.We were upgraded to a suite at no charge, which was very nice.The hotel is not brand new but kept clean and up-to-date.  Has a very nice pool, spa and fitness center
4	This is an excellent hotel.  Everyone on the staff was beyond nice to me.  the room wound up being too nice for a guy like me.  Heck, I'd have been happy with a basic room, but I got a two room suite out of the deal.  The bathrooms are extraordinarily spacious for a big guy like me (seriously, I've paid more money for a room in my life to wind up with a closet bathroom).  The beds suited me just fine.  There are little things that kept it from 5 stars.  Room service tends to be expensive in hotels, but here it seemed slightly high ($28 for french toast, bacon, and OJ).  First night in the room, I noticed a film of dust on the nightstand and phone, which seemed to be cleaned up after the first night by housekeeping (maybe the room had been out of use for a few days).  The wake up call system wakes you up earlier than the time you assigned by 5 minutes (maybe I should be happy about that, but it's a computerized system which should be a bit more in tune).  Wi-fi isn't free here (I know it doesn't have to be free everywhere, but it is free in many equivalent hotels).  Also, a humorous side note... the breakfast buffet has a great opportunity to sit on the patio and view the nearby golf course.  With the shade in the morning, it's perfect.  But, it's a bit overrun by birds.  While they didn't fly in my face, a couple landed on my table during breakfast only to fly away.  I also noticed that they have a propensity to converge on plates of food left behind by people who leave the table (moral of the story... finish what you have before going for seconds).  Plus, since the door is open, the birds fly right into the inside of the hotel.  Which begs the question... if a bird poops on your head, should it be reflected negatively in the hotel's Yelp review?  My answer is that if you're outside, no.  But if you're inside having a meal and a bird poops on you, that should count against the hotel. I mean , I don't get pooped on my head in other hotel lobbies.  (Disclaimer... this didn't actually happen to me, but it wasn't out of the realm of possibility)Bottom line... the missteps were minor in the end.  This is a very nice and friendly hotel that I'd be happy to stay at again.
4	Really a great hotel with all the things you expect from a updated Marriott. The room was great with a balcony and split floor plan.  The staff was really friendly and helpful.  I ordered room service twice and both times it was there in less than 30 minutes (never had that happen before).   The fitness center is great with 4 treadmills and several other cardio machines. They had dumbbells and a cable machine as well.  I never weighted more than 30 seconds for an elevator. Overall it was great and it would have been 5 stars if they had a concierge room.
2	I stayed here with my parents for five days while we visited my brother over the Thanksgiving break. One star for the beautiful Christmas decorations, and another star for the somewhat comfortable pull-out couch that I had to sleep on, as well as for the added bonus of having a fridge in the room.Minus three stars for the extremely poor food handling practices and poor cleaning of the rooms and tables in the restaurant area. My mom had the misfortune of facing the buffet/kitchen area at breakfast, and noticed that the cook handled raw eggs and then proceeded to touch the fruit. Speaking of the fruit in the buffet area, it was still in those little green baskets from the grocery store, unwashed.
4	Came here for a work meeting.  A little outdated but the concierge calling to offer help with anything was nice.  Ask for the G-level, so you have an outside patio!  Black bean burger was great!
4	I usually don't like the old Marriott Suites. I just never did like the room layouts which is probably one of the reasons that they never took off. They are not set up for working. You usually can't sit at the desk and work while you watch TV. This one is a little different in that it is more of a vacation hotel then a business hotel. It is on one of the two TPC Scottsdale golf courses (not the one that has the Waste Management Tournament). It has a nice pool area, a great patio for dinning. Like all of the old Marriott Suites, it does not have a concierge lounge, but as a Platinum they provide free breakfast. Breakfast was good to very good.
2	I had a very stressful experience. I asked for a room with easy access, very close to an exit because I was traveling with baby. I got a room in the middle of the hall. Quite a walk to my car (with a SHIT TON of baby crap to haul in and out) !! Not to mention, it was facing the entrance of the hotel so it was very loud when we were trying to get to bed at 11pm. Housekeeping came at 9am and interrupted our rest time... After I extended my stay I asked for them to come back...Took 3 hours for them to hit my room after front desk "told them" to. Keys to my room worked about 20% of the time. When I notified the front office supervisor I asked him to tell the manager and all he said was " you just told the manager" he didn't apologize, showed zero empathy and didn't resolve anything. I am pissed! Not coming back. P.S. The property wasn't so bad. Breakfast was good (ordered the American). And the valet staff as very nice and accommodating.
1	Brought two guests to stay here. Confirmed my rate IN PERSON several days before their arrival. WAS GIVEN ONE RATE, THEN WHEN CHECKED IN, WAS GIVEN ANOTHER!! Beware of Richmond, the supervisor. He is nasty and rude. Very poor customer service. Left the hotel, checked into another one. Looks like I am not the only one with a problem with the front desk from the looks of other reviews. TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN ELSEWHERE!
4	I found the hotel to be clean.The staff was all very friendly.I held a short 2 day meeting here.  The meeting facilities were great for us, including the food and the meeting planning staff and daily service team.  They were all very friendly and took care of us whenever we had a need or question.I didn't mind my room.  I found it to be roomy, with a fridge, which was handy.As a Marriott member, I received free breakfast and free wi fi.I did not spend any time at the pools, but they did not look glamorous.  They have an OK gym, with a little cardio equipment and a few weights.I am not sure I would take little ones here, but I think for professional meetings, this is a suitable hotel in a decent location.  The planes can get a little loud above.
5	Great place very clean great friendly staff awesome breakfast great pool great room looking forward to a great  week here
4	Great hotel. Staff was very friendly and nice - I was impressed. Room was expansive and clean.  Room service was delicious.  I also used a conference room and had lunch brought in and was quite happy with both. Grounds are simply gorgeous. Safety was good. As a woman traveling alone, I felt fine going to my car in the flat lot late at night.One star off for: Kinda pricey, no free Wi-Fi, they were pretty confused about which conference room we were in (but really nice about it).
5	The hotel staff is Amazing!! They go out of their way to make the guests feel welcome and comfortable. They recently changed up their menu in the restaurant and the good choices are great! The good is fresh and tasty and has nice presentation. The hotel property is lovely and they do a great job of keeping up the landscape. The rooms are spacious and the beds are ultra comfy!! Two flatscreen TVs in each room and ample balconies to enjoy the great  views!
4	Very nice hotel. Great rooms...big. Service was also very good. Would stay here again for sure.
