4	Yep, I'm a Yelp regular here.  I attend my networking breakfast meetings here every Wednesday morning.The breakfast is 4 out 5 and the service is tops!  If you live near The Lakes, definitely try it out. They say the burgers are pretty good but I haven't tried them yet.
4	Charlies Lakeside is a great place. They have a quaint dining area with a fireplace that is romantic and cozy. The food is great and they have some unique items on the menu that I always know to go here for when I crave them. The service is great, I never wait and my drinks are always being refilled! Staff is fast and friendly with great dinner recommendations. Price is just right and specials are great deals. Love coming here to meet my family for dinner or a nice romantic night with my boyfriend. Highly recommended by me!!
3	Wife and I went for lunch (10 Jan 13), the place was empty except for a few workmen servicing the surveillance cameras. We ordered soup (chicken pot pie soup) and a club sandwich. The soup was very good...the sandwich was fair. Definitely  not 'piled high' with ingredients. The service was very good and the place is big and nicely decorated. One can sit at the bar or a seperate dining room for the kiddies.
3	Charlies has excellent food and service.  It has a great location at Durango and Sahara, and is a huge, clean, stand-alone building, beautifully landscaped in the front seen from the intersection.  The hitch is the parking lot and entrance at in the back, so it always looks closed or ignored from the busy corner.  After moving to the neighborhood and actively looking for good spots near our home we kept passing on Charlies since it never looked busy.  Fortunately we did make the chance stop-in and were delightfully surprised.  Charlies needs to either promote its assets of do something in front to tempt passers-by to go in and give it a shot.I've had their Steak & Eggs late a few times and it is the best inexpensive steak i have found anywhere.  All their food is well presented and good.  Charlies web site sucks however, that can't help, and their FB page looks hijacked.
3	Here is a place close to the house that we frequent more when the weather is warmer. They have a nice area outside to sit and relax. The food is decent enough but not all that special. There isn't a large menu but there is a bit of seafood or steak if that is your desire. The burgers are big and you can replace your fries with a nice chopped salad. The drinks are priced well below places like Applebee's or Chili's so enjoy one with your meal. Would I rave about this place? Clearly not but it is not like a dive bar so you can bring a lady without worry. Check it out and then come back and correct this review if you feel it is in error. You won't change my opinion but maybe someone else's and good luck  wit dat!!
4	When I'm looking for a nice quiet drink in a clean bar this is always the place I choose. This is a place that I'd refer to as a bar for adults as opposed to those places where all those kids hang out.Chances are you're not going to find a bunch of kids acting like they're having there first beer. If someone decides to have a shot you wont have to listen to all there friends yelling "Shot, Shot, Shot, Shot"Good food, clean, good service. A class place!
3	The bar is cool, as the staff is a nice mix of class, and next generation professionals~ Pouring a good drink, or a cold beer in a nice glass~ Music is nice when they have it~ Not complicated, but comfortable enough to make you wanna grab a gal you have only noticed across the room for a box step to some Sinatra~The food is Food Service, and not particularly spectacular.  I read some one describe the steak as "good for reasonably priced"~ Not something I could see eating twice on purpose~ So service is interesting, atmosphere less than threatening, and near some decent places for a meal~ And after reading the other batch of opinions, seems like the most complimentary thing past the service is "Close to home"~
1	Crossing Charlie's Lakeside off my list. Online they show breakfast specials until 6am, so at 5am this morning we decide we will go out for breakfast. Get to Charlie's and tell the Bartender we would like the Bacon Egg special ($1.99) only to be told they no longer do breakfast specials.  Not only didn't they have specials any more but they had to make coffee. No wonder the place was empty.
5	BEST chicken fingers, fries and RANCH in LV!! Comfortable, clean and friendly!! We have NEVER been disappointed... top notch visit after visit!!
1	ehhhh.  Compared to their cousin, "Charlie's Down Under", this place stinks!  The food quality and quantity is skimpy and cheap.  My BLT literally consisted of two pieces of microwaved bacon and I had about a dozen loosely gathered fries on my plate.  Last time going there.
1	might be able to one day consider more than a 1 star rating, but today, i just can not.  considering the great reputation that beckers has in vegas, this place should not even carry the name of beckers. cold, smokey, and not a comfortable place at all. so unappealing that we left before we ordered any food.  went to watch a football game, and needed binoculars.  not sure what their is, but it did not include me, that is for sure
