2	This has got to be one of the slowest drive-thrus I have ever had the pleasure of waiting in line for! I only ordered medium sized french fries and a hot chocolate, and it took at least 20 minutes to finally get my order!  And to top that off, when it was finally my turn at the window, it took them 5 minutes to open the window to tell me that my order will be ready shortly! You may think I am exaggerating, but I am not! Hopefully my next time there will not be as horrendous!
4	SUPER slow drive-thru (even at 10PM!) but the guy at the window made up for it by hooking me up with a couple free frozen lemonade coupons!! No purchase necessary? I'm there!
1	I wish i had the chance to choose which cashier to help me. I always end up with that rude disrespectful Af-Am lady. Too bad i only had few minutes for my break, and it's close to school. I swear i've tried all the fast food chains around CSN.Okay, let's get straight to the point. I always get the worst customer service EVERYTIME she's the cashier. She shouldn't be there. No smiles, no greet, she just takes orders, tell you how much is the damage and would give you a weird look if you give her exact change.Recently, i went there again to grab a quick lunch. Same thing did happen! Lol i ordered Mcbites and she forgot to put the sauce in my bag. As i was going through inside my bag, not even knowing something was missing, take note i was holding my bag in my arms, she shoots the sauce inside my bag like a basketball pro and then stares at me like "there's your sauce bitch, you can leave now." Lol it was sorta funny but come on! Say atleast excuse me?Never heard any word from her besides, "medium or large?"She needs to go back to training or stay in kitchen.
2	McDonalds food served by English language challenged people. Enough said.
1	This place takes ages to make food, they  tell me the credit card machine isnt working, which is almost every visit. Seems to be a slow and annoying process to obtain fast food!
1	I am not a normal patron of McDonald's. I make it a goal in life never to step foot in these nasty soulless establishments, but AMEX was offering 5$ off of 5$, so I went into this place (looks as good as a McD can look from the outside) and as soon as I step foot I notice there are napkins all over the floor like if it was a part of the new tiling scheme or something. I grasp my Chipotle bag a bit closer. Get in queue.There is this guy in one of the front-row stools facing the action at the registers that is praying over his poor, chemical/GMO laboratory-concocted excuse for 'food'. I thought I entered one of those live art installations I learned about in Art Appreciation and on World's Dumbest (which my girlfriend watches, not me!). Try to ignore him. Finally, after what seems like fifteen minutes (how is it that Chipotle next door not only took my order immediately, but had my food bagged and charged in less amount of time and it is REAL FUCKING FOOD?), I reach a really short Latina lady that seems like she has zero happiness left in her life and she wishes she was in whichever state in whatever country she is originally from instead of here. "Good afternoon."::weird look:: from the cashier"Five dollar gift card, please.""Fif dolla.""Yes, ma'am."I try to hand her my CC in an awkward misunderstanding on procedure at McDonald's in 2012. She points at the self-serve CC machine aggressively angry.   Seconds later, I am about to slide my card and she updates me on breaking development: no cards for gift card; cash only."Uh, really. Cancel that then." I walk out in defeat. I have asked around regarding this seemingly concocted policy rule and was told to go to a nicer McDonald's. Well, it's really relative, because there is no such thing as a 'nice' McDonald's, simply varying levels of shittiness accompanying your shit faux-food. - E
3	Quick service. Food was hot
2	I'm not a McDonald's eater. Blame Fast Food Nation, blame their rash of bad publicity, or blame common sense, but the "food" here isn't really good and we all know it. That being said, their double cheese burger tastes like childhood and you can't deny that, either.I usually stop here to hit up the Redbox machine, but occasionally I'll pop in to grab a treat for my BF or a friend. Somehow, in the handful of times I've gone in, they've always been out of chocolate shakes. And half the time their coffee is lukewarm despite being fresh-made. Without fail, this place is always kind of messy, and their parking lot layout is a disaster waiting to happen- it's small and seems like half the spots are handicap-only, but luckily the lot itself connects on either side to the car wash and the Walmart plaza. Because you can't go to one without going to the other.
4	I stopped here in the morning to grab a quick bite to eat before heading to CSN. The staff was nice and food was prepared at a fast pace. The manager even came over and asked did I speak Spanish I said no so she explained what they was talking about to make me a little comfortable. Overall a good quick meal close to the school.
1	Food is mediocre but the fact is its so damn cold to eat here. Would maybe be 3 stars, if they cared at all about the temp. The four groups eating here are complaining and huddled in one small area where it's all the way up to 50 degrees.
