5	I had photos of my daughter taken by Under Construction Photography a few weeks ago. The photos came out beautifully! She captured the true essence of a child with use of nature and great props! My daughter felt very comfortable and smiled more in these photos than any others we have taken. Plus, her prices were very reasonable. However, I probably would have paid more due to the quality of what we got. I would absolutely recommend Under Construction Photography to anyone looking for great photos and portraits. - Darrell L.
5	We had our family pictures taken a few weeks ago thanks to a Living Social Deal. The deal was a location shoot and us and the photographer came up with the wetlands.  We have never been there before so it was fun exploring areas for the perfect spot for the pictures.  She snapped so many pictures and we all had a good time.  She posted a SNEAK picture on her Facebook page and it would normally take 7-10 days to get  to view the proofs but 4 days later they were available.  I loved our pictures.  She truly has a gift and what a great personality she has as well.  My daughter who is actually a ham really loved having her pictures taken so I don't think we had one bad picture of her.  I highly recommend using her!
5	Working with a photographer is about more than just photos. In my experience, if you want AWESOME photos, you need to have someone with AWESOME energy behind the camera. Ashley has the personality and the energy to make you want to smile! It's quite obvious that she works with children regularly, as they seem to connect with her instantly. What this means, is that family photos can be fun, and the resulting photos will show this connection.I would definitely have paid 2x as much for the same photos. I was really impressed at how she uses nature and surrounding areas to create her photos, very cool. Turn around time was much faster than the other photographers we've tried in the area. We liked under construction photography for the beautiful images, fast turn around time, and reasonably priced packages. Check out her gallery. The proof is in the pudding!!
