5	My wife and I were looking for some new art for our new home when we came across "landscape photography". We scheduled a trip to Las Vegas to look at all the different photography galleries. Our last stop was The Stratosphere Casino -- Knopf Gallery. Let me just start off by saying --- WOW! From the moment you step in the gallery you feel the Las Vegas Casino atmosphere slip away. The ambience of classical music and the amazing artwork is just the right setting. It's not like some of the other galleries where it's dark and feels like you've entered a cave in the Amazon. This feels like a real art gallery. They even had a grand piano playing music!We ended up spending over 2 hours talking to one of the art consultants Megan. She was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. She was not the least bit pushy. We noticed a few things that while going to other galleries. Most of the sales people would trash talk all the other artists in town. We came here twice and both times different sales people. They couldn't have enough nice things to say about all the other galleries and artists. In fact they even recommended a few other galleries to visit. The one thing that impressed us the most though was the art! It just absolutely breathtaking and natural. We settled on 11 images from John's collection. We didn't even need to go back to the other galleries we had visited. This is one of the best well run businesses I have dealt with. The communication is impeccable. And what I mean by "impeccable" is anytime I had a question it was answered in less than a few hours. They spent the time and worked with us on getting a great deal. John (the photographer) even called us in the end to thank us for our time. A real bonus if you ask me!John is a master of his craft and a very talented artist. If you are in the market for interior decorating this is a must place to see! Give the gallery a call and schedule a viewing it is absolutely worth it!
5	I was completely blown away by how amazing this gallery was!!! Beautiful & exotic locations, warm and friendly staff and they even have great live music!
5	This is a must see gallery if you visit Las Vegas.  John is a very talented photographer and the photos are spectacular.  Do not miss this place!
4	I am not generally someone that spends a lot of time in galleries, but I could wander around here for hours! Upon entering, you're struck with how beautiful the gallery is, it even includes a grand piano for live music. A friend of mine was considering a purchase (and still is), so we spent a good amount of time speaking with the gallery owner John. He is obviously passionate about his work, and a pleasure to speak with. The rest of the staff was attentive without being overbearing when were just looking around initially. The framing, not something I generally notice, were gorgeous, pieces of art in their own right. The pictures themselves were stunning. Such vibrant colors, beautiful composition, inspiring locations. I was shocked when I looked at my phone and realized we were there for over an hour! The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because in my opinion, 5 stars should be saved for those that are the best in the entire world.. aka I don't give out 5 stars. However, this is the best single artist gallery I've been to. I highly recommend it, and will be back my next trip to Vegas. Can't wait to see what will be new on my next visit! :D
5	Beautiful photography,  John is an upcoming master.
5	Watch out Peter Lik, there's a new gallery in town and the kid is good!Obviously John Knopf is no kid. In fact before even entering this gallery, one can tell by the facade and front display that he is experienced beyond his years. As with most high quality fine art, just a quick glance at a any piece in Knopf Gallery will pull you in and keep you studying it until you realize it's actually taken you to a different place. As stated on his website www.jknopf.com, John spans the globe in search of "The Perfect Shot" and brings it to intense life in his Gallery. All the while accompanied by his trusted companion Rylee both on photo excursions, and sitting quietly in the Gallery from time to time. John has had a camera in his hand since he was a young boy growing up in Arizona where he started with landscapes, foliage, and skylines. Although nature remains his first love, John has found himself to be the go to photographer for several Las Vegas entertainers. He walks freely on stage and around the showroom, as well as private engagements as photo journalist for Entertainers including Carrot Top, Frankie Marino, and Lorena Peril just to name a few. Have any questions for John? He is as approachable as he is talented and humble. You can find him at the Gallery during open hours daily. Unless of course he's off on another "hunt" for more.Aside from John's unique and diverse collection his Gallery goes a step further. Is that a baby grand piano? Sure is. you never know when a Las Vegas favorite on the keys will stop in and play for a bit. Cats like Patrick Sieben, Marcel East, and The Stratosphere's own Frankie Marino. You might even be able to talk John in to playing a quick ditty. Downtown Las Vegas has begun to boast a true art district. Make no mistake, it actually starts just north of Sahara on LVB at the Stratosphere in this must see Gallery. Don't leave empty handed."It's not about the photo, it's about the hunt. Getting the shot, no matter what obstacles are in the way, make it worth it."  - John Knopf
1	This is not Fine Art photography.  Having money and friends to comment and say it is, does not make it so.  I have seen better pictures on tablets and phones.  The video is laughable and so amateur its pathetic.  Look at some real photographers and artists before launching this joke of a gallery.
