1	Shady. That's my opinion of this Shell stations tactics on selling gas to those looking for a good price.Their curbside sign only states the 87 grade price and includes a "cash price" addition. So basically they charge a lower fee for cash and debit and a larger sum for credit purchases. The kicker being that if you use your debit card outside, to get the lower price you have to walk inside to get a refund in cash (read: change). Now while I agree that walking in 75 feet is not that bad to receive a lower price for gas, it's the whole methodology that irks me.They are counting on you to NOT go inside for the refund. My analogy to this practice is the same as mail-in rebates. Yes, it's advertised at the lower price but in order to get the lower price you have to first pay in full and then take extra steps to get that lower price. That's why I think its shady.Past that I have dealt with rude cashiers in this location and that's a real shame being that this is the closest Shell station to my house. The bright side is that the QT a block west has the same price without the hoops to jump through, amen.
2	For some reason, the pump wouldn't take my Visa card. It beckoned me to, "please see cashier." Fortunately, I had hours to spare and was delighted to spend my afternoon with the Shellmart cashier, which is precisely why I pulled into a station with automatic electronic pumps. Alas,  the pump subsequently decided to accept a MasterCard, which prevented me from journeying inside to sample Shell's stale generic-brand Twinkies.
3	The tiny cash price label (scam-ish?) is indeed pretty crappy and normally would be worth a 1- star review. However, the staff are always very friendly and very quick to ring up your overpriced candy, snacks or beverages.  Debit purchases are so slow that a cashier will open up a second register to keep the lines moving. Much appreciated!
1	I work for a local pest control company and we were looking for a gas station that would let us fill up 20+ trucks in the morning. Went in to the gas station to talk to the manager to see if that was possible. I was surprised to see how badly I was treated. The manager, can't remember her name, seemed very bothered that I wanted to talk to her and treated me so rudely I will never fill up gas there. Very disappointed.
