5	Great food, great service!!!
5	We have been going to this Red Brick Pizza at Gilbert Rd and Loop 202 for years,  and through all of the owner changes, and love this place, especially with the latest owners. They are the nicest people.  We had dinner there tonight, and I was happy to see, it was quite busy!  Very happy to see that, as most decent places here in South Chandler, close their doors within their first year, so we actually dont have many good choices down here.  My favorite pizza is the Pizza Bianca, with sausage, its delish.. My husband loves the Red Brick Gourmet and the chopped Italian salad is to die for!  I read the other reviews of this place, and cant believe that they had bad pizza or that its worse than Domino's. I am very careful as to what I eat, and am sensitive to excessive salt, so if it were overly salty, I wouldnt be writing this.  Great food, nice family eatery, and great service.  No, its not a 'romantic' dinner type place, but if youre going out for that, you wouldnt be going for pizza anyway.  Enjoy!
5	Always great pizza and service.  The owner is often present and always friendly.  It's especially nice to have a gluten-free option, and they are very good, too.  Don't miss this unassuming, inexpensive gem!  MK
5	Always friendly, always consistently good pizza. Compared to all the Red Bricks I have visited this is the most customer friendly.
3	This is a pretty decent little pizza place.  The pizza is thin crust, brick oven style.  From what I understand it is a chain, though this is the only location I have ever seen.  In any case, they compare poorly to the heavy hitters in the area (Grimaldi's, etc) but pizza is one thing that is rarely ever truly bad.  I would have no problem coming back, but it is not at the top of my list.
1	Took my nieces here for a good experience of brick pizza and it turned out the experience was horrible.  The staff was not friendly. The food was ok, not worth the price.  Also, I had stomach flu afterwards. Would not want to come back to this place.  Very poor customer service in general.
3	Ordered a margherita pizza and a small salad. They delivered the pizza with only  a few shreds of basil and completely forgot my salad. Plus my crust was burnt. Completely disappointed.*we didn't complain, but when they brought us our salad,  they brought 2 cannolis on the house. That was nice.
