3	Located in an outdoor mall this Moe's is pretty decent.  The food is made fast and right every time.  Never over done or sloppy the food is pretty good.  I always enjoy a good JC.  Beer is avaiable.  The bathrooms are clean and the overall appearance and cleanliness is above average.  I dont eat fast food much but this is a decent alternative.
4	I don't eat out often, as I am admittedly picky about my food's quality, freshness, and the cleanliness of the restaurant. I can vouch for this Moe's as always clean with friendly people...greeting each customer with a loud, "Welcome to Moe's" when I enter. The food is also fresh...often made that day. You have a good variety of what I call a Tex-Mex foods...taco salads, burritos that are too large for me to eat in one sitting, and you can have it 'made to order' your way. You get chips with your meal and their salsa are good, no matter which one you choose. Monday they have some kind of 'special' and are packed so I usually don't go then as I am only feeding myself. They also do catering and one clinic I worked in used to have More catered frequently. The hot foods came hot and cold foods cold, all prepared in closed containers.
4	Great Moe's location. Usually go with a burrito bowl. Like the free chips and salsa. I am more of a fan of Chipotle and Qdoba, but this is one of the better Moe's.
4	Moe's-Shmoe's! Nah I love this place! Honestly, if you're looking for a well balanced meal with healthy options galore I think this is the best option. For me, it's close to home to boot. Gluten-free, hormone-free, organic, vegetarian/vegan - all these are options on the Moe's menu. My personal favorite is the standard burrito on a whole-wheat wrap loaded with chicken, brown rice, black beans and at least one (probably two!) of Moe's signature salsa-style veggie goulashes. Think pico de gallo and then some. And I'm certainly an add-vocado kinda guy. (Sorry Subway, I'm stealing this. It's witty. Be happy.)Skip all the food court fare at Northlake and stop into Moe's on your way home from the mall and get a seriously healthy, seriously filling meal instead. I guess my next step to healthy-living would be to actually walk over here from home. Sounds like a day unwasted!
4	Moe's is consistently good.  The people are fast and friendly... Welcome to Moes!.  And the food is great.  Love the Burrito and Queso!  My only complaint is that they nickel and dime you, ie if you want Queso in the burrito it's "a little extra" and if you buy the side of Queso, it's not very big for what they charge.  But other than that, the food is great.
