2	I've been to physical therapy 3 times now for my knee.  The first two experiences we with a PT in training, she was very friendly, attentive, and tried to figure out the best thing for me.  My last experience there however was terrible.  The trainee is apparently gone and I got to work with one of the 'experienced' PT's.  I had an hour appointment - he took me about 8 minutes late, left me in a room for about 10 minutes while he looked for a machine.  Then told me to just go stretch my knee on my own while he chatted with co-workers.  After my stretching, he told me to go onto the stairs and go up and down, 3 sets of 15.  I did this and he had disappeared yet again - I waited for more than 10 minutes and he never came back, so I got my stuff out of my locker and left.  I complained to the front desk about my experience and the receptionist wrote down my complaint and didn't make me pay the co-pay.  If you plan to use PT at ortho-carolina, I strongly suggest finding one of the PT's who are going to work with you and that cares!
1	Dismissive doctors. Misdiagnosed me and did not take my complaints of chronic pain seriously. They seem to busy to care ..
3	Dr. Dockery is a great knee / hip specialist.  Four members of my family have used him for knee surgery and have been happy with the results.  I recently saw him for a sports related hip injury, and he was very helpful.  He spent the time needed with me to accurately diagnose the issue.  Overall, Dockery is reliable and can be trusted.The efficiency of the clinic, on the other hand, leaves a lot to be desired.  The check-in process is just short of torture.  After standing in line at the front desk, you are asked to sign a sheet with your name and then sit down in the waiting area.  Some time later, you are called back up to the desk to finalize the check-in, which for me took at least 10 minutes.  For people with ortho injuries (hurt knees, hips, etc.) this is not ideal.  I was asked to sit down and get back up 3 different times during the check in process.  I saw others who also had difficulty getting up and down so many times.  It would be a lot more convenient to get checked in when you walk in, before you sit down.  If the check-in process takes that long, it needs to be streamlined.Another issue is the long wait.  It seems irrelevant to show up at your appointment time.  My appointment time was 1:30.  I arrived at 1:25.  Was shown to a treatment room at 2:00, and saw the doc for the first time at 2:40.  I know some clinics try to schedule patients every 5, 10 minutes, but sometimes the docs can't work that fast (and shouldn't!).  I get that the clinic is trying to make more money, but good docs spend the time they need to accurately assess the patient (as Dockery did), but this throws the schedule way off. My time is valuable, and it annoys me to wait 70 minutes beyond my appointment time to be seen.
