3	It's a PT's... it's a bar, with beer. And liquor. And TV's. And pool tables.It's PT's. If you live in Vegas and you need to read a review for PT's, maybe you should just leave your house every once in awhile; PT's is everywhere. Good for a drink or five, obviously.
3	I feel like Seth Y. needs to learn how to Yelp because he's AWFUL. It's like reading a review written by a drunk hobo. Based on last nights events that isn't too far off. PT's is obviously a local bar that has lots of tasty libations and typical pub food. A huge bar and pool tables makes any drunken night more memorable. Now go drink!
5	Cool bartenders and good bar food. Beer pong, pool tables, and HOT machines!
4	Friendly staff, cold beer and decent food.  I loved the buffalo wings but was disappointed by the garlic parmesean wings.  Would definitely go back.  Plenty of seating!
1	Walked in and waited 35 min and bartender "Brad" saw us and never even acknowledged us or for that matter took an order. Place smelled like vomit and music sucks. Needless to say me and or group of 5 just left. Not worth it.
3	If you've ever been to a PT's, you know what to expect.  You'll walk in to find a dimly lit video poker bar showing various sports on multiple TV's, maybe a pool table, and some couches.  Well......that's what you'll find here.The bar tender here had no problem putting on a hockey game for me on one of the TV's, and discussing his thoughts on a few of the seasonal beers they had on tap.  Since this is close to my house, I come here from time to time to catch a game or grab a pint with a friend.  Not too much to get crazy about here, but nothing too horrible either.
3	I hit up T's for drinks the other night. Was a decent place that had a pretty decent crowd in there. It was good service at the bar and I was able to get drinks with a decent pour quickly. So overall, decent setup.
1	I have been to a Sierra Gold before, but this was my first time at PT's. What a bad experience it was, I can't even believe I wanted to try this place out!My husband and I walked in and sat down at one of the tables. No one greeted us. There was a decent amount of people inside, but the place was not packed. We browsed the menu, waited for about 20 minutes and no one came by to help us. Finally, my husband went to the bar and asked one of the bartenders if we could order drinks and food. She told him that they don't have any servers so everything would have to be ordered at the bar. Wow, it would have been nice if someone greeted us and let us know in the first place! Right!?The menu is a little different from Sierra Gold's (Sierra's one is better in my opinion). I was looking forward to at least having the bbq pork stuffed potato skins, but they didn't have those here. I ended up ordering the club wrap with NO tomatoes, which of course, came with tomatoes. My husband ordered the buffalo chicken sliders that he ordered in the past. This time, they made them way too spicy. So we both didn't enjoy our meals. Also, they did not give us any napkins. The bartender gave us the wrong bill at first. She gave us the correct one after we complained. Then, she accidentally charged my card for BOTH bills! Can you believe that? She said that she voided out one of the charges, but wasn't very apologetic. I checked my account a few days later to make sure, and thankfully, I wasn't charged twice. They really need to train their employees on customer service!*Sigh* Never again....
2	Located next to Naked Fish... This place was packed when we came on a Sunday around 2 AM~!!! But even so the bartender said we had just missed the happy hour rush so I guess it gets pretty freakin crazy.. It looks like your standard PTs nothing fancy.. I did notice they had some karaoke going on.. Which could be a good or bad thing LOL The 2 stars are because even with how crazy busy it was there were only 2 bartenders.. Really NICE bartenders but c'mon really?!!!! It took forever to get some drinks & I didn't even see any servers for the tables or maybe they were just to busy to come to ours? So yea... Other than the staffing issue.. I would say this place could be a good time! I bet a lot of fights happen here though it seemed like it was filled with a very lively rowdy bunch of people... Myself included HAHA Funniest part of the night was seeing the older Naked Fish server drunk at the bar & hearing her tell the bartender how handsome he is.. LOL ...My FAVORITE PTs is still Buffalo & 215 ;)))
1	Hands down the worst bar I've ever been to and I'm originally from Detroit, Michgan. The bartender Michelle, who I think is the assistant manager, is a rude and very unprofessional bartender. She is the perfect example of what not to be in a bar employee. Never smiles unless to regulars, terrible attitude, doesn't comp drinks even if you put a $100 in, and then rolls her eyes at a $5 tip after she totally wrecks you on your comps. Will only go back in the mornings to see the girl who is from Indianapolis and is nothing but courteous and comps well. But overall, DON'T COME HERE! MICHELLE WILL RUIN YOUR EXPERIENCE. AWFUL IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT!!!!
5	If you want find a bar that makes you feel like you are home....come in and see Dave or Danny!  Ice cold beer, good food, and excellent company!!! Manny or Sonia (kitchen staff) will surprise you with excellent preparation of items off of a menu that has something for everyone.  Speak up... introduce yourself and you will realize the appeal of a real "Neighborhood" bar!!
1	Wow! Wheat happened to the service here. Took the blonde chic at the bar forever to ask us what we wanted. After she was done talking about pills and cigarettes with one of the customers she finally asked us what we were having. We asked for our drinks as well as menus. She came back with our drinks and took her 15 minutes to come back and ask us what we wanted to order. We asked for the check. That took another 10 minutes- as she had to talk to a group of guys about her gambling. Horrible service- seems like this was her hangout and not work! Nice job PT's!
3	I came here help fellow yelper and roommate Roy celebrate his birthday party with his coworkers, hockey family and more hockey family. Unfortunately of all days too pick he choose bite of las vegas going on across the street. It throws this review into loop of sorts. Talk about business being prepared the whole mini shopping mall with mostly restaurants had tow trucks on speed dial if your not going into any one of the establishments. NO JOKE. If they see you walking across the street they might give you warning but more then not going too get towed. I seen at hanging out the bar for hours one lady complaining.  Like putting players card in machine justify that your playing or even at the bar. So if anything that stands out rather then just like most other PTs have been too around town. On bite of las vegas this is one place that takes their customers seriously. I admit enjoyed seeing business take care of its customers. The bar like mention its like most others PTs nothing much special although it was my first time at this particular location. I like the fact that they had two separate areas on one side with divider of sorts plants that had three pool tables and then other side lounge type set up with three wide scree televisions all with sports on. The bar is decent size (big rectangle) with lots of machines too play, and television all up at the bar area. We had great service. It wound up being small crowd but notice everyone was getting their drinks and birthday shots ordered got were all tasty. I like the way bar set up if get group of friends together for drinks. It has almost three separate area that can mingle with friends. The prices are always reasonable at any PTs especially comes too HH. The player card is nice that your get credit for your food orders too and universal card can use at any PTs.
3	It is what it is. There are better and worse In The area. Fortunately, there are many options within a 2 mile radius.
3	Good Happy Hour
4	Service was excellent, very prompt, the drinks were amazing and the bartender got our orders correct.  The Hawaiian Burger was great but could have done with a few more fries. My biggest complaint was the smoke, but I went in knowing full well that would be an issue.  We will definitely be back.
2	Used to go to this bar quite a bit in the past. Recently we stopped in for a beer, and we were very disappointed. It was very smokey, and it did not seem that there was any ventilation working. It used to have several pool tables, and a Trivia game as well as an upbeat atmosphere. Now it seems depressing with everyone's focus on the slot machines. The Bartender took awhile to take our order, and never made eye contact until he decided to take our drink order.
1	one word. racist.
5	I come here with my boyfriend because Dave, the bartender, is awesome! They have a really good dark beer that I like called 15 something... I forget the other two numbers. But it's really good. The chicken fingers are delicious too!! This is a funny location. There's always very interesting people there. Some reviewers said it's too smokey there... I never noticed that and I have asthma. Sometimes it can be a tad obnoxious if you come here when folks are doing karaoke, but the service is still good and so are the drinks and food.
