1	It's a new breakfast spot that replaced Cora's. Opened up sometime within the last two months, I think. I decided to go at 11am on a Friday morning to avoid a lunch-hour line-up.  I was surprised to see that even at noon, this place still had no more than two other tables occupied. I ordered only their Westerns omelette. When I got home from the restaurant, I took a nap and woke up with a major stomachache and headache. I suspected food poisoning. The omelette did look undercooked. It's Sunday afternoon, and I'm still not feeling normal. My symptoms confirm my suspicions of food poisoning. Warned my friends about this place.
5	Bistro T is a great place to get breakfast or lunch. It has one of the most welcoming staff of any restaurant I have ever been to. Everything is made so that the best customer experience is created. Their breakfast special is only 5.99$, and it's delicious. Even the rest of the menu is very reasonably priced. It has a wide variety of items. Many of the items are Turkish, to stir any curious gastronomist, but there are also many items that are Continental cuisine. I have never been disappointed by the service or the quality of the food at this venue. Whenever I eat here, which is a few times a week, I have the feel of home. You don't have the sense that you're being rushed. I highly recommend this restaurant to anybody.
2	We noticed that this place opened up replacing Cora so we deceived to try to see if this can be our regular brunch spot. However, it was disappointing... we got there around 11am, there were only a couple tables. They served cold coffee to us. After complaining, they got us hot coffee. We ordered waffle and by boyfriend ordered eggs with French toast and 3meat. After 20 minutes, the waitress came and told me the waffle machine was broken and offered the crepe, I said fine. After another 20 minutes, the order finally came, my crepe was ok. But they didn't bring my boyfriend's French toast!! He asked them why, they said the French menu and the English menu is different ?! What?!Anyways, their service was good, so two stars.
