1	Shopped at this location and it was a pretty good setup. Shoe palace had a very good selection. I purchase a Jordan hoodie and left pretty satisfied for a Xmas gift for my brother. I looked online at the same hoodie and it was 20 dollars cheaper on champs. I called shoe palace and they DO NOT price match anything. What kind of store doesn't price match to be competitive and satisfy customers? I have worked in sporting sales for ten years and this store lost my business forever. Thanks employee on the phone that was very rude and unhelpful with making me a happy customer.
2	I have been to this store several times since they have been open. Today was the first time I made a purchase. I have to say over all the store is decorated very nicely. The music really sets the tone. I'm always greeted once I walk through the door. Never dealing with a pushy sales person more personable staff onsite. My issue I had with this store really rubbed me the wrong way. This location is located in North Scottsdale in Fashion Square Mall. Your given one shoe to try on which is the left shoe. The other shoe and the box are left behind the counter. Now this is odd to me as I can go into any shoe store or department store in the mall I am given a box with a pair of shoes to walk around in to make sure they fit me well. Matter of fact the sales rep told me he has a bigger size if I needed it in the back. Which I did so he had to run all the way to the bag to grab a different size and provide me again with one shoe. Now I am not sure if this store has issues with shrinkage due to theft but talk about an insult to those who actually are honest and pay for their merchandise. I don't think a store in Scottsdale Fashion Square should operate like this. It was not good service and made you feel like a darn criminal when you had not committed a crime. I ended up purchasing the shoe because I needed the shoes really badly but I won't come back to service like that when there are other shoes stores in that mall and other malls who don't act like this.I would like to also add I asked for a specific color in the shoe I purchased to see if the store had it. I really needed the same shoe in a different color as well. The sales person told me to lookup the SKU number online and call in so they could see if they had it in there inventory. I been in sales and I have been in retail I had never had any training to say that to my customers nor have I EVER had a store say that to me. Why would I call the store with a SKU number when I can just order it online? Good customer service would have been let me look in our inventory or I can look online. I gave this location 2 stars because the store really is a very sharp looking location. I was formally greeted but the way they run things at this shoe store is not a place I want to shop at again. It is not run like a Shoe Palace it has rules like a Shoe Prison. I will warn anyone who shops there they have a NO REFUND policy. You can exchange within 30 days.
1	If I could have a half star I would! I'm very disappointed with the sad ass service given in this place. People who've walked in after us have been asked if they need sizes etc and we have an almost been here 30 mins. I'll never shop at this place again, thank good Im not buying anything from here.
