5	If you are a mixed media artist don't let the word stamper in the store name keep you away from Frenzy Stamper!  I love, love, love this store!  Not only does it have all the greatest paper art crafting lines, it offers great swaps, and attracts local artists as well as big names to teach classes!Debby the store owner is friendly and helpful.  If you've not been to check out Frenzy you need to go NOW!  You won't be sorry.
5	Simply put, one of *the* best rubber stamp stores in the U.S. I have yet to ever walk out of this store empty handed. Debbie (The owner) not only is extremely friendly and helpful but also she's got taste in what she orders. You want art stamps? You want the newest and best? Go here.
4	I took an collage class here once, and really loved the store. If you are looking for that rare stamp and don't want to buy online, check this place out. This is a mom and pop shop that specializes in all things crafty - special glues, pens, stencils, ribbons, papers and stamps. The way the room in layed out, it will take awhile to see everything, but I think it was set up that way on purpose. Also, if you take a class, you get 10% off your purchases on the day of the class.I find that "crafters" treat the topic like a secret club, so I could understand Meredith S' frustration at the shop. The owner and others in the class didn't give me warm fuzzies either, but I am one of those resilient freaks that can still enjoy myself when I'm not part of the club.
4	I had come here in 2007 and liked the store so I decided to come back this trip.   I always forget how long it takes to get here and didn't know I would hit a lot of construction on the way here but once I got here I found it to be the same nice store I remembered with the same nice owner/clerk.  She has a great selection but because I didn't need much it turned out she didn't have the few items I was looking for.  I was still glad I got to go here and look around and I did buy one item I'd been wanting to try.The parking is a problem as it is in such a popular tourist area the street parking is at a premium.  I discovered a parking garage that waas only about a block to walk to the store (though it took me two blocks since I got turned around--haha!).
5	Love this place! I have been here a handfull of times, not only for shopping but for classes too, and they have a great selection of stamps and craft products.  Debbie (owner) is super nice, and if she doesn't have something in stock, she'll order it if it's available.  Love this store. :)
5	-Located in downtown Scottsdale.-Mostly Rubber Art Stamps store, but also lots of cool things for Paper & Altered Art projects.-A fantastic selection of Paper Arts magazines and books. Probably every Stampington publication is available.-Decent prices with LOTS of unique items.-TONS of inspiration samples.-Parking is convenient.-Owner is friendly and helpful.-Clean little restroom.-Closed on Sundays & Mondays, best to check their Blog for store hour updates.
3	This is a self explanatory store. They have all the items needed for stamp art. I picked up a couple of nice pieces. It has a large selection and you can find pretty much anything.
5	Best-organized rubber stamp/craft store in the valley.
4	What a gem!  I use to scrapbook so I still love coming into places like this.  I love seeing the creativity they display and as you walk back into the store they have workshops and seating to do projects.  I picked up a few items that I have never seen before for Day of the Dead and Christmas.  I did asked about an idea I had for envelopes for my Christmas cards and the sales associate was very helpful with her ideas and tips.
