4	i talked my grandparents into skipping the buffet for just one night and we were all so grateful that i did.  they can be difficult to please in that they will almost exclusively eat soft comfort foods but capri had something for each of us.  my grandfather raved about the shrimp scampi - a dish he had never in his life tried despite his love of shrimp - and my grandmother said the alfredo (with chicken) was the best she'd ever had (she opted for angel hair in lieu of the usual fettuccinni since she dines dentureless).  i decided to forego my taste for tomato and opted for the chicken and artichoke in a wine butter sauce (and requested it over a bed of penne) and was wholly impressed.  the basket of various breads was warm and generously filled and my glass o' iced tea was never empty.  we will be back during my next visit, guaranteed.
3	closer to 2.5 stars, but i'll round up with a coupon. Without a coupon, round down.   Not too bad with a 2 for 1 offer.  Had the spaghetti bolognese.. not bad!  Not quite as good as Macoroni grill, but it came close.  The free bread was edible.  3 different types, although somewhat mediocre in quality, it wasn't that bad.  The butter was bland, and flavorless.For dessert, I had the creme brulee.   Pretty average.. About buffet quality, but a bigger portion. Overall, not as bad as I expected, but nothing that blew me away either.
3	Not bad for the prices- we happen to be in the neighborhood and the mister was crazing "olive garden" so we decided to try this instead.  They have a spaghetti and meatballs special for $6.99 that includes a salad and bread so I decided to get that.  The mister got the chicken piccatta and we ordered dipping sauces ( marinara/alfredo) for the bread.  I also ordered the minestrone soup and Caesar salad.The caesar salad was good- they were a little heavy handed with the dressing but at least it did not taste like the caesar in a bottle- tasted almost homemade with a slight anchovy flavor.Minestrone soup was also okay- had plenty of vegetables, beans and was not too salty.My spaghetti and meatballs was, well, spaghetti and meatballs- something I could've made at home.  The meatballs were nice and moist but had an odd flavor to me, tasted like they seasoned it with alcohol or something but it was fine after a few bites.The mister's chicken piccatta was actually pretty good, plenty of mushrooms and capers.  Just the right amount of lemon too.Overall, I would say it was a success. Not sure if I would make a special trip back but if we happen to be in the casino and craving italian, we might venture in again...
1	Dana and I have passed this restaurant numerous times on the way to the Sunset Station buffet, and always thought that it looked like it was worth giving a shot. The decor is lovely, very similar to something one would see in The Forum Shops, and the smells coming from the kitchen always smell delicious. One night, the buffet was just about to close, so we opted to try Capri instead. This was the beginning of the mistake.We were seated in the center of the restaurant, and though there were only three other groups there, we weren't served for a good 5-10 minutes.When the waiter came, he was nice enough, though he seemed like he was always in a hurry, and would disappear into the kitchen for long periods of time.The first thing we tried were the complimentary breadsticks that they give you. They were decent, but they're the EXACT SAME ONES YOU GET IN THE BUFFET! They poured us some olive oil and vinegar to dip the breadsticks in, but for Marinara or Alfredo dipping sauce they charge you $3.99. Ehhhh....no. On top of that, they only gave us three breadsticks,  and when we ran out it was like pulling teeth to get the basket refilled. Ultimately, the busboy grabbed some for us, who actually did a lot more work than our waiter.It came time for the main course after a good half an hour or so. Dana ordered the Chicken Parmesan ($10.99) and I ordered a thin-crust pizza with Italian Sausage, Meatball, and Pepperoni ($10.99). The Chicken Parmesan was pretty average. It tasted extremely bland, and the accompanying spaghetti was bathed in what tasted like plain tomato sauce.The pizza was absolutely disgusting. For some reason, it smelled and tasted of seafood. I thought that I was just somehow mixing the smell of the neighboring table's lobster with my own food, but I took the leftovers home and heated them up to find the same taste and odor. COMPLETELY GROSS.We opted to forgo dessert, because we could only imagine how terrible it would have been.Overall, I would have to say that you'd be better off going to the buffet...or Fazoli's. I'm not one to necessarily support many major food chains, but even Fazoli's is better than this place. Don't waste your time here.
4	Spent friday evening at Capri in Sunset Station. We were seated almost immediately by a very pleasant and welcoming hostess. Russell was our server and he was outstanding. He explained the specials to us and showed us the prix fixe menu they are now offering for $25.  This includes a choice of appetizer, a main course, and desert, plus a glass of their excellent house wine. Station was offering a coupon for $50 worth of food for $30 so this made for quite a value. My wife had the grilled chicken fettucini alfredo and I settled on the chicken parmesan. Both were delicious and the portions were huge. We will definitely return to Capri.
3	We took advantage of a weluvlocals coupon and I was really looking forward to this but turned out to be somewhat of a so-so event.The wait was 15 minutes longer than we were told which was unusual since they had empty tables.  When we sat I was pretty hungry enticed by the rolling menu reader board outside the restaurant.  Looking around at some still empty tables we decided to start out with an appetizer and chose the Caprese Croutons.Side note: Our server was friendly but border line annoying.  The rest of the folks we encountered were nice and friendly, helpful.  But our server, was somewhat patronizing.  "Oh well, glad she is not siting down to eat with us" I thought.  We ordered Seafood Linguini, the Grilled Chicken and Broccoli, and the Chicken Cannelloni.  While we waited we feasted on some pretty good breadsticks and the crouton appetizers.  My hopes somewhat dimminshed by the wait and the server began to rise again.  There were still a number of empty tables and we wondered why do they keep everyone waiting?Aside from the wait to get in, our food arrived fairly promptly, nice and hot.  Looking apetizing we began to sample.  My cannelloni was a mass of cheese, more than I thought since the menu said topped by a garlic cream sauce.  It tasted good but I expected quite a bit more spinach on the inside.  What I found was, well, more cheese and a few flecks of spinach.  While we continued I looked at Mikes plate and said "did they forget the sauce?" and he said "there is some here, somewhere."  Clearly not enough for us sauce lovers though.  The linguini was the same story.  Lot's of noodles, a little bit of sauce, and a sprinkling of seafood.  There were two sugar cube sized pieces of salmon, three rings of calamari, a few mussels and clams and three medium-small shrimp.  Not a seafood lovers plate but it tasted OK, just not enough sauce, again.When we were finishing up we asked to see a desert menu.  Our server said "I'll be with you in a moment".  We waited fifteen minutes to get the menu, in the meantime our leftovers were boxed by some helpful drink servers and we were ready to go.  We saw our server busying about a few times but never looked our way.  Finally we flagged her down and she said "ready for your check?"We decided to skip desert.Overall the food was fair.  I almost gave this place a two star but with the coupon, the overall friendly service, ample breadsticks I decided to cut some slack.  I wanted so much to fall in love with this place but I think there are better Italian places to eat.Oh, and there were empty tables the entire time we were there, while people stood and waited to be seated.
2	We went here because we had a coupon.  Upon arrival we were told there would be a 30 minute wait for a table.  They took my cell number to call me when the table was ready.  They did call within the time and seated us.  We waited for 5 minutes before we were acknowledged after seated.  Finally the server came and offered us a drink.  We ordered our drink and the insulate italiano.  He brought us our drinks and asked if we wanted appetizers.  We stated we ordered one already which he then remembered.  We gotordered the saladfood which wasis actually veryunder good.  When we finally got the chance to order dinner, my wife ordered the grilled chicken caprese and I ordered the rigatoni with sausage.  Her chicken was over cooked, dry and the sauce very bland.  My plate, the pasta was good, the sausage which is not made in house was not too bad.  The meatballs were actually under cooked and raw in the very center.  The sauce was ok, not spectacular, I make a better sauce at home.The server was ok, not the best we ever had but not the worst.  This is not a place we will go back too.  There are much better itilian places to eat which are comparable in price and the food is made in house and cooked properly. Again, the server tried his best and when we let him know about the food he did take her order off the bill and was very understanding.  He definitely had a desire to see the place he works do better.
1	The reviews prior to this are for the old Capri Italian Ristorante.  This review is for Pasta Cucina, which Stations is trying to pass off as a new restaurant that opened in August, 2011.Underwhelming is the best adjective I can think of for the "new" Pasta Cucina.The menu is EXTREMELY similar to the old Capri menu, but somehow the dishes are much worse than before.First we were told there was a 20-25 minute wait, but that they'd call us.  After 30 minutes I went to the hostess and she said that not only had they tried to call us but that they didn't have a table anymore.  She backed down when I offered to show her my phone which had no missed calls and we were seated at a four top.Our waiter, Russell was horrible.  He passed by our table at least 5 times in 10 minutes without acknowledging us, getting us water, or taking our order.  When he finally came to fill our water glasses, he got distracted and proceeded to joke with another server before coming back to us.  This set the tone for rest of the meal.  We waited 10 more minutes before our bread was brought to us.  We had the Caprese Croutons, which we had ordered when this was Capri.  They used to be much better.  Tonight's were served with such thin slices of tomato that you couldn't taste it.  The balsalmic glaze, which is the reason to order this dish, was spread all over the plate with barely any on the croutons.I ordered the manicotti and my husband ordered the meat lasagna.  When the server delivered them, he gave my dish to my husband and vice versa, and Russell just watched and didn't mention anything.The lasagna was okay, a bit on the dry side.  But there was a whole bay leaf inside.  I don't like having inedible things in my food.The manicotti was tasty but the pasta itself was chewy and the cheese overly salty.Twice Russell came to the table and asked how things were then left before we had a chance to answer.  One time even saying "excellent" as he left.We had ordered sparkling water and had a little left over.  We asked if we could take the bottle home and he said no.  Which was fine.  However he then offered to get a styrofoam cup for us, to which we said no.  He then continued to get us said cup, poured the leftover from the bottle and then added the water that my husband had in his glass!  Why?Good service requires listening to your customers.  Russell didn't get that.  The food has gone downhill in quality.What started out as an average Italian restaurant is now not even worth visiting.
5	Fried calamari the best in the menu!! Luv it, thanks God I found a replacement for Brio.
1	First off I have to give this place 1 star but if I could give it NO stars I would! A group of us are in town for a bowling tournament at Sunset Station and decided to have dinner at this place because its inside the casino and convenient, and the decor looked like it would be a nice place for a nice dinner with friends. About the only this this restaurant has going for itself is the appearance. The furniture is nice and modern and the restaurant itself looks remodeled. But don't let that fool you, what comes out of the kitchen is terrible, but more about what they call "food" later...We had a reservation for 12 people at 8pm. We arrived early and requested to be seated, it was about 10 mins before 8pm. It wasn't like they didn't have the tables ready because we did make a reservation and no one was sitting at the tables we were going to, but nonetheless we sat down about 10 after 8pm. Because of the size of our group we had to split into 2 tables. We sat for about 10 mins before anyone even came by to greet us or offer any drinks.  The water boy finally came, then the waitress about 10 mins after him. We were starving so we ordered our drinks, appetizers/salads, and entrees at the same time. I wish someone would have told us that it would take over 30 mins to get our salads and another 45 mins to get our food. In fact people who came in after us, ordered their food, got their food, ate their food, and left before we even for our entrees. Bad, bad, bad service only gets worse.The food was terrible! Overall it was just bad. Only 1 person out of our entire group was satisfied with the quality of his food, he got the steak. I ordered the veal scaloppini, and when it came it was a disaster! I asked what was in the sauce because it looked creamy and I'm lactose intolerant, the waitress said it was lemon butter. I made my bf taste it, he said it wasn't good and had cream in the sauce, so I sent it back and asked for just some plain pasta with marinara sauce. The veal was pounded super thin, and it was hard to cut through and tasted really bland according to my bf. The waitress didn't even know what was in the food she served, SMH. After waiting for another 20 mins without the food coming I decided to cancel my order all together because everyone else was done with their meals. My bf ordered the chicken marsala, which was so gross that when I took a bite I chewed on it for about 30 seconds before I had to spit it out! It was BAD!!!We had to call a manager come over because everything was so bad. But he must know how bad the food and service was because it seemed like he heard it all before. He wasn't apologetic or seemed to care at all. He did say, however that our waitress Jessica is one of the best they have, which didn't mean much because she wasn't great and our service sucked! I asked for a split check, she acknowledged it, then brought one check with everyone's meal on it. Ummmmm... Hello?????Food service was terrible, food quality was worse. Oh BTW, I should mention that the same jerk manager who did nothing for us ordered his food after us, sat down and ate it at the bar in front of us, and finished before we even for our salads. You would think that at some point he would've looked up and said, "hey they've been sitting there for a while without any food, I should go see whats going on..." but no, he sat there watching tv, eating his food.I should mention that the restaurant was a little busy when we first sat down, but after an hour of us being there, only 4 tables were seated in addition to ours. So it wasn't like they were busy and that's why the food and service were Bad...I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy!!! DO NOT EAT AT PASTA CUCINA UNLESS YOU WANT TERRIBLE FOOD AND EVEN WORSE SERVICE!!!
4	My husband and I have gone here a few times and loved it. Healthy portions, good taste, nice wait staff and a manager who is often visible and both times has checked on us to see how our meal was. We were waited on by a sweet girl named Jessica both visits and will definitely dine with her again. Prices are reasonable and My husband and I have learned to order just one dinner and share it or take home leftovers. The only thing I wish was different about the place is that because it is open to the Casino you can hear the Casino music.
4	gotta  say this place was surprisingly good . i had a reservation and ended up a half hour late and they where cool about it first off. for appetizers we had the bruschetta and fried mozzarella and it was delicious (the balsamic reduction was amazing on the bruschetta ). the wine list was very reasonable had a 08 bottle of the duck horn decoy that was no less than exceptional. i had the chicken Marcella that was pretty good. the service was a little bit slow but it looked like this was due to them cutting the floor early. will definitely go back for a nicer Italian place that is not stupid in pricing
3	We ate here tonight and I think this is the first time we've done so since they switched over and became Pasta Cucina and redid the menu. That being said, it was a bit of a mixed bag. Our server was very good - personable without being intrusive. The cheesecake was fantastic - one of the better ones we've had. My entree was a little more of a mixed bag. My husband and I both had the eggplant parmigiana, but I swapped the normal spaghetti for fettuccine alfredo. The eggplant was cut a bit too thickly to get it super tender and one of my pieces was a bit bitter. Nothing horrible or inedible, but not great. The alfredo sauce wasn't memorable either - not a strong, rich flavor. We'll go back, but I'll try a different menu item.
3	Seated by a young lady with a very tight dress. Ok if you are in to such things I guess.Greeted by the waitress, ordered water.I had the lasagna and ate it all, very good.Gus had the Scampi. the noodles were covered in some kind of glue. We came to that conclusion when he tried to take a bite and the whole glob came out of the plate at once, no way to get a few noodles. The shrimp were ok since that is all he ate.I am not sure if we stank or something but the waitress would place the food down and was gone in a flash, kind of odd.
5	The food was delicious and fairly priced. Everyone I was with really enjoyed their food and said they would go back again. We were unsure about the wine our waiter recommended so he let us taste it first. After the taste we knew he was knowledgeable about the wine list and what wine paired with what food.
4	I actually read the Yelp reviews for Pasta Cucina AFTER I finished my meal and was really surprised that so many people rated them poorly.  My food was good, service was friendly and the prices were excellent.We'd decided to go out for an inexpensive dinner and after looking at the Stations Casinos specials page, decided to go with Pasta Cucina at the Sunset since it's nearby.  There was a short wait, but it wasn't bad for a Friday dinner (about 20 min).  We had a drink in the Gaudi bar and waited patiently.  We were called and seated near the kitchen, which was really loud, but interesting to watch.  We were pleased to see that all of the food was being cooked to order.  I ordered the Boarding Pass special (choice of a pasta dish special, salad, bread and a glass of house wine for $9.99 - you have to ask for the special menu).  Ravioli Bolognaise, salad and house red.  My husband got Spaghetti Bolognaise with meatballs and a glass of red (not a special, but he was craving meatballs).  The food came reasonably quickly and was surprisingly good.  The Bolognaise sauce was excellent, the house salad dressing was light and zesty.  My one disappointment was that the pasta was premade.  My raviolis were clearly frozen.  But, I would have been amazed it if wasn't.  This was exactly what it promised to be: tasty, inexpensive Italian food.  Those that compare it to the Olive Garden aren't wrong.  It's the same concept.  The difference is that this food isn't microwaved.
5	Two Martinis Two salads BreadFried Mozzarella Two Entrees $35All of it was awesome!
4	A friend of  mine told me this was the best Italian place she'd been to in a long time.  I thought she was being a bit dramatic and didn't really believe it.  She decided to go here for her 30th birthday which gave me a chance to decided for myself.  I was very suprised at the prices on this menu.  Very inexpensive!  I'm talking like, $7.99 for a very sizable portion of food.  I couldn't believe it.  The cocktail menu was the same story.  $6 for a cocktail.  I ordered one of these and it was a double.  Very nice!  The food was just as suprising.  I had the Eggplant Parmesan which was very delicious.  My wife had Fettucine and the noodles were a little al dente but the flavor was spot on.  Of all the eight people with us, no one complained about their food.  Everyone said it was very delicious.  I don't know if this is the best Italian for I've had in town but for price to quality it is definitely top notch and a must stop if you like Italian and are on a budget!
2	The saving grace of this restaurant was the pizza I ordered. Otherwise this establishment would have totally received one star for the sub par visit. Walked in on a Saturday evening and was seated immediately. I thought that this was awesome and hopefully was a start to a good evening. Fast forward 10-15 minutes before our waiter got there to order our drinks (alcoholic beverages were also bad)I ordered the pepperoni pizza (safest choice) and my wife ordered shrimp scampi. I really enjoyed the pizza (so much so I ate the whole thing) but my wife really didn't like hers at allThe breadsticks they offer you have minimal flavor and the dipping sauce tastes as if it came out of a can that was already open for a week. Overall not a good experience and will definitely never return.
2	I went to Pasta Cucina on Friday 3/29/13 with 4 other women.  One of the women had chosen this place for dinner to celebrate the birthday of one of the women in our group. The decor at the restaurant is very nice.  It's very open and comfortable.  There are "lemon trees" throughout the restaurant.  The ceiling is pained to look like blue skies with puffy white clouds, and the kitchen open so you can see what the cooks are doing. Our reservation was for 7pm.  We had planned to be done around 8:45pm, we could go to the 9pm bingo session, then around 10pm go to the Spazmatics show.  So much for plans.The hostess was very friendly and seated us immediately.  There was supposed to be 6 of us for dinner, so the hostess sat us a big round table with a huge "lazy Susan" in the center.  Once we sat down that's all we did.  We sat and sat and sat some more.  A female server walked by after about 10 minutes and said "I'll be back" ( in her case was that a promise or threat)?  After another 10 minutes the same server comes back and takes our drink order...We still had NOTHING...no water, no bread, just our menus.  Okay, so we place our drink order.  About 10 minutes later someone comes by to pour us water.  Then a few minutes later the server delivers two baskets of bread.  The bread was bread sticks, similar to what's served at Olive Garden.  Not very impressing.  What was nice was the bread is served with bowls of marinara sauce and fettuccine sauce (at no extra charge), and there's olive oil and balsamic vinegar at the table.  Well, at least now we have bread to distract us, though we still don't have our beverages. About 10 minutes later our beverages and salads are delivered.  The salads were nothing to write home about.  Iceberg lettuce that in some instances was wilted and some shredded red cabbage.  No tomatoes or peperoncini (this is an Italian restaurant, right)?   There we are with our less than stellar salads.  We ate slowly...maybe about 20 minutes and still ended up turning to the bread again (and it really was nothing to brag about, but I hadn't eaten all day). FINALLY the entrees get delivered.  2 of us ordered the Frutti di Mar, the birthday girl ordered the Parmesan Shrimp, another person ordered the ravioli, and I ordered the Chicken with Artichoke. The Frutti di Mar had mussels that were basically room temperature and the pasta was lukewarm. The Shrimp Parmesan was a big plate of pasta with shrimp. It looked okay, but I didn't try it.The ravioli looked good.  I'm not a fan of ravioli, but the dish looked good. Each ravioli was round in shape, probably about 2 inches around and there were at least 8 on the plate with a good amount of sauce.My Chicken with Artichoke was good.  Not the best in the world, but okay (it was only $9.99).  Quality-wise it was better than Olive Garden, but honestly I think Romano's Macaroni grill has better food.  It was a light oil sauce, a bit heavy on the lemon juice, a fair amount of artichoke and chicken with a sprinkling of capers.  The serving was quite large for the price. The kicker that made me really dislike my experience and the server was what happened next.  Both my friend with the ravioli and myself like A LOT of grated cheese on our entrees.  To the point that people will tease and said "have a little pasta with your cheese).  Granted my friend REALLY puts a ton of cheese on her entree, but that is how SHE likes it.  It's no one's business. There was a different girl handling the cheese grating job. She was VERY nice, considerate, helpful and accommodating.  She ended up running out of cheese and had to get more. When she got back she was grating cheese over my plate and our so-called server came back to the table by now.  She saw the girl putting the cheese on my entree and said "That's going to be $10 extra" ( a comment I found completely inappropriate and nasty).  So, I responded "And that will come out of you tip"!!  At that she didn't say anything...no apology or anything.  She just walked away.One of the woman had brought a cake which they let us keep in the kitchen and they did not charge a cake cutting fee, which was nice. Overall I was not impressed. No one complained to management because they didn't want to make a scene during our friend's birthday.  But I was tempted, especially after that servers very rude and inappropriate comment. Had we'd been regulars and she had a "relationship" with us, then the comment might have been funny.  However, to a group of people who don't dine there on a regular basis nor know her that was uncalled for!!For a sit down restaurant in a casino the prices were okay, but I really wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again. I think the buffet would be where I'd end up next time.
3	I would definitely recommend this place for Italian dining on a budget. It's as Italian as Olive Garden without the endless bread sticks and pasta so most people will accept it. I enjoyed the food and the servers did well. I was confused with their look; white shirts, ties and black waist aprons... but blue jeans and street shoes? Kinda blows the illusion of finer dining the white cloth tabletops and swanky bar gives, just as the open wall to casino floor spoils too. But they control the flow of customers so there is a wait which keeps down the noise and crowding so you can be more comfy and intimate. That's MUCH better than Olive Garden. If you avoid buffets, want to relax and not worry about having a bad experience while you are in the casino, Pasta Cucina is my pick unless I REALLY want Mexican... then it's Cabo.
3	The house soup and house salad were great. I didn't try the pasta which I think is good. Do NOT order "Lobster&Shrimp Rivioli" because it tastes like microwave food.
3	This restaurant is inside Sunset Station casino and, having checked out the menu in passing a million times, hubby and I decided to give it a shot for dinner.  It helped that we had a $10 boarding pass coupon that we received in the mail.    Spacious and clean dining room with plenty of room in between tables.  A bit of a contemporary decor compared to the casino it's in LOL.  It's fairly open to the casino but not smokey at all.   The menu offers your typical Italian classics at reasonable prices.  Meals come with unlimited breadsticks (they kind of look like Olive Garden breadsticks but taste nothing like them) and dipping sauce (marinara and alfredo).  The marinara is a bit bland for my liking.  My cheese ravioli was good but the sauce left a lot to be desired.  Portions were decent and prices were great. Won't be craving this restaurant any time soon and wouldn't choose to come back if it were just my husband and I... but a an OK option if you're in Sunset Station.
4	date night plus 10$ off coupon brought us to pasta cucina at sunset station :) there was a little bit of a wait but we had some business in the casino anyway! once we made it to our table we had very nice waitress who was very accommodating. we had looked at website beforehand so we knew what we wanted right away.(beware menu on sunset website has wrong prices) we were given bread stix with 2 dipping sauce (very good). for our order we had calamari for appetizer very good except needed a lot of additional flavor IE lemon and salt. for our entrees I had chicken and artichoke pasta. my man had the shrimp and lobster ravioli. came with Cesar salad. my pasta was cooked perfect just al dente enough was very lemony but i didn't mind that. ravioli came was chewy and delicious! we are planning to go back next time we have coupon! gonna try pizza next!
2	If you like Olive Garden, you'll love Pasta Cucina except for the TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!  Our waiter was present to take our orders, never refilled our water, didn't deliver our food, didn't check on us, and straight up disappeared.  We waited almost 20 minutes to get our checks after we finished and had to ask one of the bussers to find the guy.While staying at Sunset Station, I saw an ad for Pasta Cucina and decided to try it out.  I went with a couple friends and we ordered the Meatball Sliders, Fried Mozzarella, Baked Penne, and Lasagna.  Nothing exceptional, but all edible.  FYI: the penne, lasagna, and breadsticks keep well in the fridge for a few days and heat up well!Each item was under $10, which was cool!  If someone wanted to go sometime, I'd consider going, but I'm not really going out of my way to return.
2	I had a $10 off coupon for Pasta Cucina from Station Casinos that come in the mail. My husband and I decided to give it a whirl.I called and made a reservation 'cause It was a Friday night and I wanted to make sure to get a table. We got there at our scheduled time of 8pm. After waiting for a good 5 minutes for a hostess to show up we were seated, but I asked to be moved because they sat us right next to a very large group of people that included several small children. (I love kids. I just don't want to hear them scream while i'm on a date with my husband.) It took the waitress about 10 minutes to even come over to our table and then another 5 just to bring us water. Finally, she took our drink and appetizer orders. I made the mistake of kicking things off with one of their "Specialty Cocktails" an Italian Margarita. Yuck! Too sweet and to sour all at the same time. For our appetizer we choose the Antipasti which came with fried mozzarella, bruschetta and calamari fritti.  Everything was surprisingly tasty. I really enjoyed the calamari fritti. Well, I managed to finish my drink and they brought us some bread in the meantime. It took forever for the waitress to come back to ask if I wanted another drink, which is when I switched to their house white wine. We also got our entree orders in around the same time. I ordered a  pasta seafood medley that is no longer on the menu. It had shrimp, mussels, scallops in a marinara sauce over linguini. Mussels were a bit over cooked, but still was good. My husband ordered the Baked Penne. He said it was pretty basic and nothing to write home about. We both definitely have had better!If it wasn't for the really bad service I would have scored this place a three star. Their prices are decent, but I wouldn't go back without a coupon. Especially if i'm going to have to wait sooooo long for my drinks and food.
4	We've been here probably 7 or 8 times in the last year or so.  We love the ambiance inside with the lemon trees and lights.  The food is prettty good but the value is the best.  Service is always great.  A couple can eat an appetizer, 2 mea+ls, salads and 2 rounds of cocktails for around $50-$60.  Thats a great deal in my opinion.  They have wonderful breadsticks and they are served with marinara and alfredo sauce.  If your lookling for a nice meal and a reasonable price, you can not go wrong with this place.
4	If I could eat one food everyday for the rest of my life, it would be eggplant parmesan. In my mind eggplant parmesan is a tasty food that is hardly possible to ruin. I am attracted to eggplant parmesan as a duck is to water. With that said I have good things to write about Pasta Cucina.  This is actually my second dining experience in a Pasta Cucina. It is an accidental dining experience. I was in Boulder Station bound for Feast Buffet. So were hundreds of other people. I passed over an expected blah meal in the Grand Cafe. I tried Pasta Cucina. I was very satisfied. Fast forward to a couple of weeks later and I was dining in the Sunset Station Pasta Cucina.  What is surprising is that Pasta Cucina's prices are relatively the same as the Grand Cafe. An example is that spaghetti and meatballs is $7.99 at Grand Cafe. At Pasta Cucina's it was $9.99 and INCLUDED bread sticks with dipping sauces plus a salad or Minnestroni soup. Where Grand Cafe has a decent atmosphere, Pasta Cucina borders on the elegant with the Sunset Station Medditeranian motif. You could say Pasta Cucina is a borderline classy restaurant with Grand Cafe pricing.  When I stepped into Pasta Cucina, which is to the right of Feast Buffet; I observed that the dress code was casual and the noise level average. Throughout the meal, the Waiter was professional and attentive.  A few minutes after ordering, the Waiter placed the warm soft bread sticks on the table. They were served with both mozzarella and ranch sauces. I enjoyed every bite being careful to save my appetite.  The salad with ranch dressing was a taste of the food to arrive. Meanwhile the Waiter was on top of the Pepsi refills. If I was up to an alcohol beverage, the menu features a decent selection of cocktails for $6.   The serving of the three slabs of eggplant parmesan over spaghetti was moderate yet delicious. Although the eggplant parmesan is levels below Chef Mark and Chef Olds, it was slightly better than I remember Olive Garden and Long Island (NY) diners. I had zero issues with the eggplant parmesan and spaghetti. They could of added an additional slab of eggplant parmesan, but I would have little appetite for the cannolis.    After savoring every bite of eggplant parmesan with spaghetti,  I treated my tastebuds to desert. It was two cannolis with a cup of coffee. The delicious taste of the cannolis complimented the quality coffee.  If you are in the vicinity of Sunset Station and enjoy Italian food at Grand Cafe prices, I recommend Pasta Cucina. You live once, why not enjoy delicious Italian food at a price that won't drain your wallet.
5	I feel like this place has been severely underrated, not only was my meal fantastic, our server, Jose, was attentive and friendly. Nobody in our party of 5 was disappointed with their meal. Everything from our appetizer, the bruschetta, to salads, breadsticks with dipping sauces, and entrees were scrumptious with the perfect portion sizes. Definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a good meal in Sunset Station.
3	I went here recently with my parents for my Dad's birthday. He had been waiting to take me here since he really liked it. The ambiance they managed to create inside a bustling casino was impressive. The string lights and trees made it feel like we were eating in a courtyard somewhere, not in the middle of a gamblers paradise. The wait staff was friendly and professional. They had complimentary unlimited bread sticks and sauce (alfredo and marinara). The bread sticks reminded me of Olive Garden, but it was nice they didn't charge extra for the alfredo like OG does. The salad that came with my pasta was overdressed, I had to leave some leaves behind because they were encased in dressing. The linguine and clams I ordered had so much potential! The pasta was cooked well, but the sauce was so liquidy it was like soup. Also, I've never seen so many little itty bitty clams before in the pasta...thank you for the generosity? My parents noted that the sauce was too soupy, but I didn't want to complain since I knew my Dad liked the place. It's a cute place to eat if you're looking for basic Italian food.
2	My husband and I dined at the bar at Pasta Cucina last Saturday night with two other couples.  We did not have a reservation, and chose to eat at the bar rather than wait the estimated 20 minutes for a table in the restaurant. I give two stars rather than one as the bartender/food server was friendly and accommodating in providing the upgraded wine list from the steakhouse.  The food was sincerely awful.  The bruschetta, recommended by the bartender, had clearly been prepared hours earlier and placed in a cooler.  The bread was cold and soggy, tomatoes flavorless.  I ordered the pasta with chicken and artichokes, which came with a house salad.  The salad was served warm, wilted, overdressed, and nearly inedible.  The pasta was overcooked, the sauce bland, barely any capers.  The chicken was dry, even while coated in the bland sauce.  I was nauseous the remainder of the evening after eating 1/4 of the dish.
