5	This Chili's has the best service I have encountered out of all the Chili's restaurants I've been to. The staff are friendly, fast, and efficient. The food is excellent.Be sure to try the original Baby Back Ribs that made them famous, or the new Southern Smokehouse Bacon Cheeseburger (The bacon is almost as thick as a McDonalds hamburger patty). They also do an all you can eat soup and salad at lunch. Regular size portions of soup & salad, not the mini servings that you'd get at Applebees, and much faster service, well worth the $6.99.I'm addicted to the blackberry iced tea, so I have to keep going back ;)
1	Yuck!  I have no idea why people go to this icky, over priced chain restaurant.
4	I knowIt's ChilisI KNOWI just don't like fajitas.  Unless they're from Chili'sDon't know whyCan't explain itSo I get to go from this Chili's.  And they're super fast and friendly.So yay for easy fajita fixes.  Mmm.
3	Ok, so I just met my friend at Chili's for lunch to celebrate his birthday.  Let's forget for a minute that I drove to the wrong one (The one in Tempe that is now closed) and that he had to sit there by himself until I got there.  That's irrelevant.We got there just before the lunch rush, and service was good.  One huge plus, my drink never got empty.  He was a little slow on removing the empty glasses, but it never got overwhelming.I got a regular burger and fries.  The burger was so-so - it seems like they may have gone down in quality from the last time, the meat wasn't much better than a Whopper.  The fries were perfect, I love the seasoning they put on them, and they were nice and fresh.  The burger and bun never seemed to get along, and I ended up with a pile of soggy bun on my plate. My friend got the chicken strips, and was satisfied, personally, I have never cared for the way they bread them there - too much like fish - I prefer more crispy chicken strips.  His corn on the cob was excellent - I actually kinda wanted to steal it from him, but it was his birthday.Service got a little slow waiting for him to pick up the check and bring my change, but in their defense, the lunch rush was starting to peak.  Overall, it was a great meal for $25, and wow, is the tab less when there's no booze involved.  I hadn't tried this specific Chili's before, but it holds up the chains reputation well.
1	Ordered my lunch today for 2 adults and 2 kids. All the food was cold and didn't arive for 40 minutes. The wife sandwich which was supposed to be a cool sandwich had melted cheese and dried out bread fromt sitting under the warming lamp too long. My salad had cold fried chicken on it, and the kids mac 'n cheese was below room temperature. The only thing good there was the soda which is hard to screw up. Don't waste your time.
4	We got a deal for 2. $25 for two, not too bad! Service and environment were great.
4	Great waitress!! She was super friendly and got our orders right and quick to us.The blackberry margaritas we had were DELICIOUS!!!The queso yum yum yummy!!Great experience overall!!
4	OK so from my HORRID experiences at all other chilis I've been to it took a lot for me to even give this place a try... Granted no way no how I would order a salad from this place... (Past Chilis salad experiences include having my salad be alive... there was a cockroach/pincher bug in it, and before that an industrial staple in one)So I"m sure you can imagine me being hesitant.  Anyways my friends wanted to go here, I was in their car... whatever fine... I'll just drink my calories:) I agreed to try the chips and guacamole. They were straight up legit.  I also had some fried jalapenos... yumm All day happy hour on Sundays... sing me up. I'm a sucker for cheap liquor:) Oh also there is always some sort of entertainment happening... not by their choice more on the line of random ridiculously drunk people. And I'm not one of those people
1	My recent visit to Chili's was the first time in years.  A friend had a gift card to burn so she took a few people there.  I think my taste buds have grown a bit more sophisticated because I found my chicken bacon ranch quesadilla to be quite bland and salty.  The service was fine, but the food was not.  I was reminded why I usually didn't go to large chain restaurants.  There are some decent, even good ones, but Chili's is not one of them.  I could have made a better quesadilla at home.
4	I was in the mood for a good cheeseburger so I tried chili's near Chandler mall. Not sure if I was just starving - but the old timer with cheese was fantastic! Perfectly cooked and very tasty. The fries were good too. And in the bar, they have great tv's - and the bartender was friendly. I have had the ribs also - they are great to take out.  So I will definitely put chili's in my rotation!
5	Prob one of my favorite places to eat. Never have had bad food or service at chili's. The menu lay out is nice and they have a lot of good items to choose from. If you sit in the bar area they have nice flat screen tv's with sports on and it's first come first serve seating. Awesome place to hang out with friends. The one by the chandler mall is also the best I've been too. 2 thumbs up and 5 stars.
2	I'm only giving 2 stars  because the only reason I come here is for the green chicken chile soup and they got rid of it. Plus our server was kinda slow, took other orders while just staring at us. Even tho he was nice.. U need to be a good server too
5	So we've been in KY for the last 9 months & forgot what Real salsa tasted like! Try their cheese sauce with the chips -yum! Got their last booth on a sun afternoon and great fast service!
4	For a chain operation, Chili's has been run pretty well for years.  I like their recent facelift - they didn't change their look so much as to render it unrecognizable from their original look, but it looks more modern and is well-executed.  The menu is vast and pretty much anyone can find something they like.  The service at this particular location has been excellent for our lunch crew, across a number of visits.  Not spectacular, but never disappoints.
4	What can I say? It's Chilis and Chilis never disappoints.
4	I'm not a big fan of chains so whenever our eclecticfoodie group votes to go to Chili's, I always feel a wave of excitement comparable to that of receiving an invitation to a Red Hat Society cuddle party. Iend up going anyway placing value in the camaraderieof our group higher than an itch to try something newand different and maybe dangerous. The place is easyto spot because it's right on the corner of the littlerestaurant row part of the Chandler Mall on ChandlerBlvd that includes Firebirds, Keg, Majerle's, ElephantBar, etc. Funny thing is I'm always asking which drivewayto turn into for the other ones but Chili's is the easiestsince it's the first. Plenty of parking as it's shared with other restaurants in the area.    So we've been here so many times we have our own waitress who knows what we're probably ordering and we always get the same table in the corner on the way to the restrooms. Not that we're predictable or anything. I usually get the bacon ranch quesadillas. But I might get the chicken club quesadilla instead depending on how long it wassince the last time we came by. Their burgers are quitedecent as well. The great thing about this place is there's a big enough menu to satisfy everyone in a big cranky group. I'll give an extra star just based on that.
4	The customer service at this location is great! They have a special where u get an appetizer and 2 entrees for $20.
5	ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING. The service was horrible. Would never go back again.
3	Oh Chilli's the butt of so many jokes. But you are ok. Not too bad. They changed their menu mostly for the better. Remolded the restaurant to a much better modern look. I love the fried Jalapenos and the spicy onion strings app. Really good. Just spicy enough for me. The fajitas and the bacon ranch quesadilla are good. The chocolate molten cake is always a good dessert. So moist and chocolaty and good.For a cheap dinner or for apps and drinks with friends it is an ok place and the prices are good. Much better than that apple place in my opinion.
2	I am a frequent visitor to this chilis at chandler mall.  I have to write this review because I am tired of getting my burger cooked well done.  This is the 3rd time in a row that I have ordered a burger MEDIUM (not well done).  I ordered the bacon burger - bacon was nicely cooked but AGAIN, the burger was like shoe leather.  What is it with these places so afraid of getting people sick they can't leave any pink in the burger???  Yes the blue moon was good, yes the bartender was friendly, but I was not happy with my shoe leather well done burger that I ordered medium. I will return, but I will definitely let them know next time what I expect.
5	The best happy hour prices in town. All brand new TV's at the bar.
1	So you decide what your conclusion is...Store closes at 11pm on Tuesday, sitting there and they shut the lights off at 10:50, leaving me and my girlfriend in the dark to finish our drinks and talk for the remaining time. Legally a bar must stay open for 30 min after last call but I guess chilis wanted us out..Shitty way to treat customers..
3	What can I say... It's Chili's.  I was hungry and was looking for a place to watch the MSU game and text friends that we're doing the same.  Thinking I'd just grab a bite here before moving on, I went into the bar and plopped into a booth.  A quick scan of the TVs revealed that they did have the game on, so I ordered the Margarita Grilled Chicken along with a pomegranate Margarita (see the theme here).  Food came out and it was great and the drink was strong and yummy.  I was worried I was going to be rushed to leave when the bill came, but to my surprise that never happened and I felt comfortable watching the rest of the game there.
1	This place has no food on special for happy hour!  I can tell you I wasn't very happy.  We left and went to the Elephant Bar--happy hour from 3-7!!!
4	I went with my girlfriend for lunch.   She ordered the guacamole burger which I tried some of.   It was one the best burgers that I've had In a while.   I ordered the cajun chicken pasta.   I've had this several times and it's one my favorite dishes.   Add on a fat tire draft beer and you are all set.   Good food and good service we will definitely be back.
3	I haven't been to a Chili's in years.  I remember them as being OK, but nothing special.  So I end up with a gift card from work...We showed-up for lunch.  I kinda wanted Mexican food, she wanted to use the gift card.  I was out-voted one to one.  :-)  We were seated promptly (we opted for the bar area for some reason...we weren't going to drink before going back to work!).The menu seems to emphasize American and "southwestern" (not exactly Mexican) food.  As I had a craving for Mexican, I opted for "southwest pairing".  My wife had a chipotle bowl, and soup.  I tried both and they were pretty good.  My pairing of crispy taco and enchiladas was good too.  Not really authentic, but tasty nonetheless.Overall I was pleasantly surprised.  We have since returned here one other time, and the food and service were fine.  Not great, but fine (service was better on the first visit).  I'd say they rate a solid 3-stars for a casual dining joint.  Useful if not everyone is in the mood for the same food (e.g. Mexican) because they have a variety.  They aren't better than a specialty restaurant (like La Tolteca), but they're good enough for a lunch out during the week.
1	I tried giving this location a chance but their pickup service was always worse than the time before. I wouldn't recommend this location to anyone. The eye rolls I received from the persons manning the pickup counter are deadly.
2	I usually enjoy chili's. But this restaurant in particular really irks me in regards to my experience. I came here with a buddy of mine and we ordered the queso to start, which was extremely cold. I didn't say anything because it was manageable. I ordered my burger without bacon(due to religious reasons) and it came with bacon. I told the server and she apologized and brought it to the kitchen and told me they'd make me another one, I marked my burger before doing so to assure that'd be the case. And lone behold, the burger came back, except it wasn't a new one. I told the server that it was the same burger, and she was shocked. She brought it back to the kitchen and brought me a new one that was scalding hot. Lone behold it was the same burger that had bacon on it just flipped over to the other side as if I wouldn't notice. Shameful.
2	We came here last night for a quick bite to eat.  We sat in the bar area. It was during the NBA finals--the bar was understaffed. The menus were filthy.  The tables were not stocked -- no sugar carafe, no salt. My table seemed washed off however it was very sticky. Food was fair. Service was obviously slow/poor due to staffing. Someone in the kitchen area was cleaning a vent on the ceiling, not the appropriate time. So in my opinion, this place needs some management.
2	I do really like the chain restaurant itself.  However, this locations experience was greatly disappointing.   Food was normal Chili's standard, but the issue was on the employees.  Our waiter was not talkative and shook his head yes or no instead of verbally pronouncing.   All of which could be played off as shy.   Greatest disturbance being the manager that goes around asking how everyone's meal was.  She was talking to another table as we were leaving and she was in the middle of the aisle.  My girlfriend Nicely said "excuse me."  The manager turned her head and quickly looked back at the table and continued to talk.   My girlfriend was left to try and squeeze by her, as was I.  While I was passing, she decided to depart from her conversation and run into my shoulder.  I expressed my sympathy and apologized.   She never responded... Not a word.   We left with a sour taste in our mouth
4	The bartender was friendly and attentive but not annoying. The food was good and served in a timely manner. There were numerous TV screens with good picture quality for us to watch the MLB home run derby on. We took advantage of their 2 for $20 deal that gives us an appetizer to split and an entree each. I was pleasantly surprised that the entrees were full portions and not downsized for the promo. Nice place overall.
3	The food was OK nothing spectacular. I was not disappointed but then again it's a chain restaurant.  They have a new system called ziosk which allows you to reorder drinks, and food once your initial order has been placed and also allows you to pay your bill. Seriously is this what this SERVICE industry has come to!? The saddest part is that we have driven the industry with our inability to communicate with people face to face. I think we need to reconsider where we are going in this industry and bring personality and service back to the tables. Not to mention that this certainly hurts the tips! However our server Dawn was super and was not going to allow this ziosk to take away from giving her guests gratis service!
1	This restaurant is the worst Now I remember why I hadn't gone here in awhile. The food is horrible!!!The kitchen is a pigstyI can't imagine this restaurant staying in business The one star is too good for this place!
2	Hadn't been to Chili's in a while but decided we needed a burger after working hard handing out Halloween candy.  While I remember much better food, that's not what this review is about.  It's about their Ziosk system which allows you to reorder and pay your bill (yourself) at your table.Parents beware...the Ziosk offers games your children will want to play.  While it may be tempting - the games are NOT free.  Since I have an adult child (aka husband) who thought it was interesting to see what was available, it ended up in an additional charge of 99 cents to our bill.  Yeah, I know it's only 99 cents but a bucks a buck, AND the charge "could" be per game title instead of per table.  Thankfully my husband only played one.  This is a very SNEAKY way to pad profits, so parents hand your kids your phone or ask for crayons and paper.  Leave the Ziosk alone!Shame on you Chili's!!
4	Came in for the Veterans Day menu and was really impressed with their regular menu prices. Big portions. Not a whole lot of variety, however. I can see it might be awhile until I want that kind of food again. I loved that they had the tablet things at the table. We played life while we waited - very fun!! Fantastic service too!!
4	I normally do the bar area and get great service.. The new sweet and smoky burger is very tasty great add to menu...
5	Sat at the bar. Late night drinks & apps. So its Tuesday and apparently happy hour all day. Food on happy hour from 9 to 10. Ok that works tonight. Bartender Ash was super nice amd we had some yummy apps. Texas fries,  half order of boneless chicken and southwestern egg rolls.  Two vodks and 1 beer. .out the door for under 25 bucks. I cant complain:)
4	Moving in to the new age, chillis has pioneered a new way of dinning. Service was accommodating but 4 stars because the food could use some life, nothing super special but good enough that you finish your food.
