2	I think this place just opened recently, so I gave it a shot for takeout.  They gave me a lot of food, but unfortunately, I think most of it will go to waste.  I had high hopes for really good chinese, but was very disappointed.  The chicken was chewy. (?) Oh, and the broccoli in the mixed veggie dish tasted funky.  I think I'll skip it next time and go get some Thai food instead.
3	If there were half stars, I would give this a 3.5.  This is a very competent chinese restaurant.  I have only eaten take out from here but my sense of the interior is very favorable.  It is very relaxed and more of a japanese vibe than a chinese red banner and tassel vibe.  The Singapore noodles are particularly delicious.  The other entrees are on a par or better than average.  It is probably fair to say that their menu is too extensive and geared to the western palate (they try a number of asian dishes that may be beyond their ken).  My kids love their chicken on a stick and crab rangoons--and I like them as well (much as I hate to admit that I like pseudo chinese food with deep-fried wontons filled with crab flavored cream cheese--cream cheese?  Cream cheese in asian food?).  The Crab Rangoons are quite honestly an abomination, but a yummy one at that.
2	summary: clueless service, limited menu, mediocre food.I walked into the place knowing that they serve Americanized Chinese food, so I am prepared for that. The rating is based on comparison with other restaurants of its type (the most mass-market example being P.F. Chang).  Wai Wai belongs to a new class of American Chinese restaurants that try to shake off the dingy "takeout place" image. The decor has a more modern sensibility to it than, say, Jimmy Tseng's. Think Starbucks meets Asian tea house. The menu, though, looked just like the one from a takeout place twenty years ago. Here you'll find things like pu pu platter and honey chicken. I was disappointed that the entree list was pretty basic. There were only four vegetarian options, and the content of the dish was pretty much just the single ingredient (e.g., a plate of stir-fried eggplant) which makes it look more like a side dish than someone's dinner. The food was largely forgettable. The appetizers I tried (fried dumplings, spring roll, crab rangoon) were ok -- though hard to go wrong with deep fried stuff. I was underwhelmed by my main dish (the eggplant). The plate had an island of rice and an island of eggplant surrounded by a sea of brown sauce.  The sauce is overly sweet and goopy, but the eggplant itself had too little seasoning to stand on its own.  The one good thing about the food was that the vegetables were fresh and not overcooked. The string beans were still crunchy and the eggplant still vibrantly purple. The shrimp, however, was probably from frozen.My strongest impression of the place might be the clueless waiter we had. As soon as we sat down, he asked for our drink orders, even though we didn't know what they had to offer.  The menu actually doesn't list their drinks, but the waiter didn't volunteer to tell us what they had. To order some tea, it took couple rounds of back and forth with the waiter to settle the matter. When ordering our food, I had some questions about the dishes (like, is the chow mein the thin and crispy kind?).  The waiter's response was "I don't know, I haven't tried it." (Hadn't he served it to other customers? Was he not paying attention?) Upon further interview, it turned out that he had only sampled one dish of this restaurant, and he didn't have anything to say about even that dish.  Even a new hire ought to do better, surely?Bottom line: even for American Chinese food, I've had better. If I should ever be struck by a craving for General Tsao's, I'd probably go take my chances at  Richard Chen or Plum or whatever Asian restaurant standing on that space then.
4	The food gets a seven/ten, the staff eight, and the atmosphere nine. Add to it that you can always get a seat.
2	Very average Chinese food. Some of the dishes were on the oily/greasy side. Vegetables overcooked.  The atmosphere is almost fast food Chinese (ie Panda Express), but then they went crazy in a Pier One buying up the Asian stuff.  So they were trying to do better than food court quality.
3	Don't be fooled...this is definitely fake Chinese food. It's all General Tso's and beef with broccoli type Americanized dishes. That being said, they serve some of the better quality Americanized Chinese food I've had in a while. The warm, thoughtful decor makes it a nicer place to actually eat inside than your typical linoleum and laminate Chinese food counter with backlit photo menus. I could do without the background music though -- cheesy early-90s smooth jazz covers.I had General Tso's and Szechuan chicken with fried rice. Everything was crisp and tasty, although my General Tso's didn't seem spicy at all, and I prefer it very spicy. I was pleased to see actual pieces of white meat chicken in the fried rice, also a rarity at this price range.The server was ok...she was young and a bit apathetic and unenthusiastic, but got us everything we needed. In all we enjoyed our food, the portions were large, and the price was right, so we'll be back.
4	We use WaiWai quite frequently for Lunch take out.   They have these fantastic "Lunch Boxes" that are very reasonable and have a ton of food in them.   Plan on either drinking a ton of coffee or taking a nap in the afternoon if you get a lunch box.
4	They now have bubble tea, which is the best bubble tea I've been able to find in this city. +1 star.
4	WaiWai can best be described as Modern Asian Fusion cuisine.  I stopped here for lunch after doing some shopping in Bloomfield (i.e. Donatelli's, etc).  They've got a strikingly modern decor with traditional Chinese art, so it's kind of like mixing a sushi place with an old school Chinese restaurant.  WaiWai has a lot of neat lunch options.  You can order the standard lunch specials just like you can at any other Chinese joint.  Or you can order one of 12 lunch boxes.  The boxes generally have two types of meat with fried rice.  Not a big fan of fried rice myself, but I did find one good choice.  #B6 is a combination of chicken, beef, or shrimp (I went with the shrimp) with mixed vegetables and General Tso's Chicken.  Oooh, a bit spicy, but I loved it!  And of course you get an egg roll with each box.  This girl's gotta have her egg roll!Rick and I are gonna have to come back here for dinner sometime.  They've got an interesting way to order.  You start by choosing your type of meat, then you choose the style you want it.  You can get Hunan Style with vegetables, curry, mixed vegetables, etc.This isn't your normal neighborhood Chinese joint.  If Pittsburghers have a reputation for being less than culinarily adventurous, this place will shatter that illusion.  It's a great addition to Bloomfield.
3	So, I'd like to say before I say anything negative that the pros generally out weigh the cons and I still order chinese food only from wai wai.  That said, the chinese-american food isn't the best I've ever had and it's not very authentic - though good luck finding authentic chinese food if you're unable to speak mandarin or cantonese.  i love the idea behind the boxed lunches and dinners at wai wai, but not being able to pick what you want in them on your own is slightly annoying.  I get the b2 almost every time. The location is easy to pull up to for take-out and the delivery service is great.  The people who staff the restaurant are very friendly as well.
4	Just what I like in Chinese food. Cheap and too much food to possibly eat in one sitting. Ok, maybe I did eat it all. Moving on....I feel like you never really know what you're going to get in a Chinese restaurant. Whenever I would go to Chinese buffet's with my dad he would meow like they were cooking cats. OBVIOUSLY, since I'm a crazy cat lady I wouldn't stand for that, plus I know that's a silly concept. But I digress. The place was very clean and the service was great! I had the Lo Mien Shrimp Noodles and a another dose of shrimp in an egg roll. I like my Lo Mien tasty and full of the whatever meat or veggie you order and simple request was filled! And NO ONE wants a limp mushy egg roll, so thankfully mine was crisp and again, filled with some big pieces of shrimp. I always get nervous going into a new restaurant like I'm on a first date...and thank gawd my first date was a success, with the restaurant I mean!
4	Wai Wai is the East End version of Lin's Asian Fusion (same family owns them both, brother and sister I believe). The food is great, and I will always get the combo meals as I can't get enough of that honey chicken or chicken on a stick. So sticky and sweet and almost a little crunchy underneath... I'm sorry I was day dreaming a little there. It's nice and quiet and a little dark with some mood lighting. The waitstaff is always really friendly and efficient. If you're in the neighborhood and want an American Chinese sit-down dinner experience this is a great place to go!
3	I LOVE their lunch boxes!However, who knows but... I don't feel like they are changing their cooking oil too often...Update: quality of food is consistency along with super fast delivery.
3	the pluses?  it's in my 'hood.  it's cheap.  you can get lunch "boxes" (a combination of 3 different standard chinese dishes) for about $6 and dinner boxes for about $8.  it's clean inside, and you get the feeling they're trying a little too hard to look modern.  generally, the waitstaff is nice and attentive.my big complaint?  the food is good for sure but kinda boring.  spicy dishes just don't pack a lot of punch, and the veggies seem universally semi-wilted.  they don't have signature dishes, and because of that i find myself sticking to the american favorites of egg rolls with sesame chicken, general tso's, and chicken & broccoli.  again -- all fine but by no means outstanding.still, i'll happily take a sit-down chinese place just a few blocks away from home on those days that i don't feel like making the drive to squirrel hill or downtown.
3	Visited here for lunch one day. Really like walking in a place that's clean & inviting. We were greeted right away & told we could sit anywhere. We started off with a pot of Jasmine tea, a favorite of mine. For lunch I ordered the Lo mein w/ shrimp & egg roll on the side. The egg roll was pretty good...Minutes later I got my meal, very surprised how quickly it was prepared..hmmm?? I was really not impressed!  It lacked flavor & kinda dry. I would consider giving a second try though...
4	I just like this place.  It is nice inside, never too crowded at dinner (lunch usually is), the service is good.  The food is really good, for Americanized Chinese food, and the prices are ridiculous.  My wife eat here at least once a week and for the two of us, with two entrees, app, and soft drinks it comes to less than $25.
3	A good but not great, tasty but not incredible Chinese joint.It's nothing to write home about, but it really hits the spot sometimes. Good prices for good portions (I can usually get a dinner and a lunch the next day out of the dinner portions) The dinner boxes are also nice if you can't make up your mind and want to try a lot of stuff.If you want something out of this world, not your place. But if you're in the mood for some quick Chinese food, definitely a spot.
5	One of my favorite Asian spots.  The food was really really good.  The service was friendly and the decor was very nice and modern.  It's a really good bargain too.  If I lived closer, I would be hard pressed not to eat there all the time.  Parking can be an issue in Bloomfield, but I try to pick an off-time to stop in and I typically can find something pretty close.
3	Alright! I recently moved to Lawrenceville and have been looking for Chinese delivery to replace the ol' China Palace I had in in Monroeville. Along comes Wai Wai. I'm quite pleased with the selection of dishes. The portions are good sized. Prices are cheap! Delivery was standard 30-45 minutes.The food itself passes muster. I think it's actually an upgrade over China Palace. I'll happily order from Wai Wai when I'm craving American Chinese delivery food!
5	I am no stranger to Wai Wai. Out of all of the local restaurants that you can eat in, this is probably the one I frequent the most. Since I've been back so often (really more often than I should be comfortable admitting, there have to be groups for this sort of addiction) I felt as if I should write a new review for them as well. Let's talk drinks. I'm not a fan of sucking black tapioca balls through a giant straw so the bubble tea is not for me. I have had two different types of smoothies there, the mango and the pineapple. I don't know if it's a mix or something fresher that they use, but it's delish every single time. A drink being delicious isn't all though, it's also served in a nice big red wine glass and it's heaping over. I'm also a fan of the hot oolong tea. The other topic I wanted to address is the crab rangoon. Dear sweet crispy cheese lord... I would have never tried it as I don't often eat anything other than fish here and there. I can't believe I almost didn't get the ultimate joy of eating these cheese hot crunchy fried triangles.As always I'd very strongly suggest stopping in here. Eat some crispy triangles and have a smoothie!!
4	Haven't found a better Chinese restaurant that delivers in the East Liberty area.  Trust me, *most* of the dishes are very good and use good quality ingredients...  If you know of a better Chinese restaurant in the area, let me know :)
4	Wai Wai is the sister restaurant to Lin's Asian Fusion. Rather than being a Pan-Asian experience, though, it tends to stick entirely with Chinese-inspired cuisine. A notch above the Chinee-Takee-Outee experience -- I get that name from an actual Chinese take-out in Gainesville, Florida -- but a notch below a full-fledged Chinese restaurant, I was drawn in by the familiar architecture and the promise of Bubble Tea.I ordered the Taro Bubble Tea without sweetener. Same exact flavor as Lin's and so I was quite happy. Just need almond or pineapple and all would be right in the world (hint, hint.)  I look forward to returning.
3	A little less than mediocre Chinese food but it is what it is. Has some really good lunch and dinner special prices though. Nothing to brag about.
1	so, i have been to wai wai in the past and i have usually found it to be average tasting chinese food.  My husband loves it, so we tend to go when i am feeling especially loving towards him.  Today, i decided to have delivery since nothing is better than packing for a move with chinese food and beer. I order us up some chicken corn soup, general tso's chicken, hot and sour soup, and orange beef.  Now i usually get tofu or chicken, but I was in a super carnivorous mood, so i thought beef would hit the spot.  the hot an sour soup, once i picked out the canned mushrooms, was delicious.  it was the orange beef that did me in.  when inspecting it with the plastic cover as a barrier, it looked like this strange bumpy chicken.  Weird, but i have seen chicken fried steak, so i just assumed it was battered.  I put some on my plate with some rice and dug in.This was some NASTY ASS MYSTERY MEAT!  It was slimy, soft, and not fibrous at all.  This hit the spot on my tongue that almost made me projectile vomit.  I have had orange beef before and this was no orange beef.  this was sugary Purina 1.  I didn't even have to chew, it had a mind of its own and snuck its way into my tummy.My husband saw how displeased I was and offered me some of his General Tso's and it was soft yet gristly.  what the hell.  I know for a fact that they would not serve that crap in the restaurant because i have eaten there.  this meal was a mess, a luke warm, zombified pile of crap.  Maybe I ate beef brain instead of Purina 1, either way, it was the pretty gross and disappointing.This is honestly the worst chinese food i have ever had, and i have been to seriously  grungy looking places.  I gave you guys 3 years of business and i have seen you get worse with each year.  This is the last straw and I will never go back again.  There was no excuse for that beef when you are right next to 2 grocery stores!
4	I have to start off by saying that I'm very picky when it comes to chinese food. Having said that I think that Wai Wai is a great chinese restaurant mainly because their ingredients are always fresh. I hate eating chinese food that tastes like its been reheated and the chicken is old. You wont get that here. I got delivery or take out from Wai Wai rather frequently and the quality was always consistent. I gave four stars because I tried a few dishes that weren't the best I've ever had but in general and especially in Pittsburgh, I think its a great chinese restaurant. Very tasty and very FRESH.
5	I love their Mango Bubble Tea and their dumplings. The atmosphere is really nice inside. I didn't find it mediocre at all.
4	Not bad, not bad.  I enjoyed what I had.  Why does it feel like there's a but coming?  Because there is.But...the General Tso's wasn't spicy enough for me.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed it, but it wasn't up to par for me.  I don't believe I ever saw a pepper in the sauce at all.  I suppose I should add that this was part of a large order placed for delivery.  With it being delivery and all that jazz, you would expect it to come with utensils or maybe even chopsticks.  None came with it, or maybe it did, the bag seems to have disintegrated when attempting to take the order to it's destination.  So if there was utensils of any type in there, they may have been lost.I will order from here again, but next time I'll be sure to mention that there is utensils with the next delivery.
1	The hotel concierge was nice enough to recommend this place for delivery (yay!!! [especially on an early morning travel day, yet working til midnight]). Food arrived, with no way to take a credit card, yet I wasn't asked if I was paying with a credit card when I placed my order, nor when I called back the second time to see if they needed my hotel room #, or would just call from the lobby. So, I didn't get a receipt, even though I was using a business card (and needed one for expenses). Not awesome.On food, I ordered a cup of the hot & sour soup, yet the utensils I was given did not include a spoon - only a fork, knife, and chopsticks. Ummm. You know I'm American in America. And you clearly gave me the fork and knife, why not throw in a spoon? (I got one from my hotel.)Soup was not tasty, btw.Then there was the main problem: the entree - "Happy Family," which was anything but happy. Poor quality chicken and shrimp (but those were the best). The beef was not good, and the pork was inedible. The scallops were also terrible.Do not recommend (no matter the mis-perceived convenience).
4	I really like this place.  When I lived in Lawrenceville, we spent many a night here for dinner.  It's sometimes hard to find good Chinese food that's not sketchy in and around this neighborhood.  The dinner boxes are awesome - $8 - $10 for what is easily 2 or 3 meals.  You can't beat that.  And the fact that it's BYOB is awesome.  My last visit was with my family to celebrate my brother's birthday.  We had 6 people, 2 bottles of wine and some beers and the service was great.  We left with a ton of leftovers, and the bill was incredibly reasonable - even with the corkage fee.  Speaking of, unlike a lot of BYOB places, this place charges a set $5 fee for the whole table regardless of how many people you have.  Personally, I think that's a pretty good deal.
2	Ordered delivery. It arrived pretty quickly. I ordered one of the dinner boxes with szechuan chicken, general Tso and fried rice. The szechuan chicken was alright, not amazing, but ok. The general tso was kind of grisly and not super appetizing. All in all, it tasted like any other dime a dozen Chinese place. Nothing special and basically interchangeable with any other common Chinese place.
5	For a neighborhood Chinese Restaurant this place goes above and beyond. Cute, cozy decor, friendly staff and a large enough menu to satisfy any voracious appetite.They are also very accommodating when it comes to Boba Tea. The selection is not huge, but they make it quite well. I must say I like the tea more than the rest of the menu.
4	The best cheap Chinese food in Pittsburgh, hands down. Their menu is typical of any cheap Chinese food joint. General Tso's chicken, chicken and broccoli, Szechuan, and other Chinese food regulars are here. Prices are also typical of most Chinese food joints. Most dinner dishes are under or around $10. The dinning experience is actually pretty decent. Located in Bloomfield, it's certainly in a prime location. Their are several tables in there, though I've never seen that place packed. It has a quiet atmosphere other than hearing whatever the employees are talking about. I tend to do take-out as most of their customers do. They deliver pretty quickly and their food is always made to order. I'm kinda mad that we couldn't get a double order of veggies but I guess they have to have some faults. The food portions are huge and I almost always have leftovers. There's got to be pounds of chicken in the General Tso's chicken and the sweet and sour chicken dishes. Chicken and broccoli comes with tons of broccoli too (which I love).Overall, this is my favorite Chinese food in the the 'Burgh. They are even willing to deliver out to Millvale sometimes which is an added bonus. You should definitely hit this place up if you're in Bloomfield and you get the urge for some delicious Chinese food at a great price!http://www.waiwaipgh.com/
5	Big fan, especially when taking into account the prices and portion sizes. Service is casual and sometimes better than others, but its an informal place. If you think its a horrible thing to occasionally have to ask for chop sticks, or get your soy sauce from another table or any rather minor thing then consider a more fancy place. Otherwise this is it!
4	Good food, cheap prices, and never a wait to eat-in.
2	I asked to substitute veggies for meat, they were definitely not familiar with such a request.The green tea was good quality, but not served that hot.The Food tasted good, but it also tasted re-heated.Very dim lighting, a bit too dim for my preferences.The bubble tea was tasty but too sweet.I probably won't come back because it is, in nearly every aspect, a notch below what I usually expect at a decent sit-down restaurant.
3	Pretty good place in Bloomfield.  Real nice location and decor.  Nice staff.
4	Tasty and very affordable. For the money and speed of service,  you cannot go wrong with this place. Super good and fresh tasting food with a very speedy service for takeout or delivery. Spring rolls are delicious and light... very nice size for an order. All other chinese places do not compare in regards to size of portions and price. Love me some wai wai!
1	Terrible service over the phone. I could barely get my order out before the lady cut me off to ask me "is that all". The first time she did it I said "let me finish" the second time I said "I need to speak with a manager" she told me there weren't any managers available and hung up. Due to this experience I will not give my money to this business! So sad because its very close to my house.
4	I was looking for some take out delivery on a Sunday and came across Wai Wai. When I ordered the food, the lady on the phone told me 45 minutes, but it was really 30 minutes, which my growling stomach appreciated. I ordered chicken with broccoli and my roommate ordered chicken lo mein. Both meals were delicious and the servings are enough to feed three people per dish! Yay for leftovers!
1	When I lived in Bloomfield I LOVED ordering from Wai Wai. I'm talking 5* up and down, but oh how times have changed. These are my last 4 experiences (in a row):1st I tried to order vegetable won tons, but they were out. Tried to switch to vegetable dumplings. Also out. I know things happen, but are you just out of vegetables? If so, tell me that maybe? I rattled off a few more vegetarian options to no luck and an employee so rude I decided I'd just take my business elsewhere.2nd time I ordered successfully, but somehow going from Bloomfield to Squirrel Hill (under 15 min drive) took 90 mins instead of the 45 I was told. I called 3 times and was met with nothing but attitude. My $10 food was cold when it arrived, and this was the first time I noticed how much smaller the portions had gotten (this was 2012 compared to 2009-2011). There was no refund, no apology, and to top it off the order wasn't even correct. That's when I decided I'd never give them another dime.3rd time was a work order and, long story short, NOTHING we ordered was right. The food containers look like they literally THREW them into the bags. It was pathetic.And finally, the most recent time my roommates ordered "Fried" pork dumplings. Apparently in this restaurant "fried" is just another word for "steamed" and when they called back to report the mistake the response was "That's just how they're made, we're really busy. If there isn't a 'REAL' reason for you to call I need to go. Sorry for your misunderstanding."Seriously? I'd suggest literally ANY restaurant in the city before this place. Horrible customer service and the food isn't even as tasty as it once was. Really sad to see such a great Chinese place become one of the worst I've ever had the misfortune of dealing with.
2	I think How Lee, the Sesame Inn, and China Palace are the best Chinese places in Pgh.  Lulu's is okay too... Mandarin Gourmet...  ok most chinese places are better than Wai Wai.Everyone loves Wai Wai....and i dont get it.  Why?  Why?This is run of the mill, Panda express style chinese food.  You're going to get greasy, gristly chicken and bland, soggy beef.HOWEVER, on occasion I will order from Wai Wai because their vegetables are fantastic.  Super fresh, steamed and tasty!  You are good with any veggie dish.  If you order a tofu dish it will be swimming in grease though.Their food is also consistent, and sometimes you want crappy chinese food and you want the crappy chinese food you know.It's not hte best chinese, I"m not even sure it's good chinese.  it's just ok, and greasy.Order from China Palace instead, they deliver to the same areas.  Or How Lee.
2	I used to love this place until today, I'll never order from them again. I get the same dish every time and the chicken has always been good but tonight all the chicken in the General Tsos dish was pink. Did not look right. Called, took them 1 hr to deliver a new order of general Tsos chicken and it was still PINK and weird colored. Wai Wai lost a long time customer due to poor quality.
4	Fast, yummy, EXTREMELY reasonable prices..I will definitely get take-out from there again!
3	I really don't know what to say about the food except it's very average. This restaurant was solidly average in many ways.  I got two lunch boxes (which consisted of meat, meat, meat and a side of stir fried rice...with meat). Besides the fact that it was super cheap and they conveniently deliver, I don't think I was satisfied.  The chicken with broccoli killed it for me, the chicken didn't taste like chicken...but like a lesser, mediocre version of chicken.  I'd definitely give this place another go because I'm cheap and lazy.
2	It's sad, but I think this place has really gone done hill over the last year or so.  I have lived in Bloomfield for three years and ordered from Wai Wai regularly during that time.  Recently, the food quality has taken a dip in my opinion.  Worse, the delivery driver can't seem to remember to bring silverware and sauces anymore.This culminated in two recent bad experiences with Wai Wai.  I stopped by for takeout Friday morning on my way home.  I ordered and waited 35 minutes for my food.  Normally, they take 10 minutes or so.  The place was completely empty, but the kitchen took forever to make my food and the one other person who was also waiting.  I was offered a $2 credit for the wait, which was fine by me.When I got home, the food was not what I ordered.  I received some sort of soup instead of my crab rangoon.  I called and they gave me a $5 credit as well.  Neither of these credits were refunds, only credits that could be applied to a future order.  That is understandable on the $2 waiting credit.  However, when I don't get food that I already paid for, I should be refunded, not issued a discount on a future order.  I shouldn't have to buy more stuff from you in the future in order to be compensated for food I paid for but never got.Today was the most frustrating part.  I called to order delivery today and take advantage of my credits.  However, Wai Wai refuses to let me use both credits on one order.  In order to take advantage of the credits I got because they screwed up my order, I have to buy from them two separate times?  That is not okay with me at all.  Despite my protests, the woman on the phone refused to apply both credits to my current order so I am now forced with the choice of losing that $2 forever or giving these people more money.  I guess I will choose losing the $2.I'm saddened because I used to really enjoy Wai Wai.  The food was good, quick, and inexpensive.  Now it is mediocre, slow, and inexpensive.
4	First time getting takeout there, egg rolls were not great but meal (seafood delight and chicken in bean sauce) were good.
3	So this place is sometimes delicious and sometimes average- never bad though. Love general tso chicken- one time it'll be on the soggy side and the next it is crispy and spicy and so good. The crab rangoon are tasty as well as the dumplings. I don't care for the fried rice because it's usually pretty greasy. Over all it's just ok. I never eat in so I don't know how the service is. Pickup and delivery are fine.
2	Full disclosure: I'm not a big fan of Chinese to begin with, but my partner wanted to grab a quick lunch here. She had a cup of corn and chicken soup; I, the egg drop soup. When they came, we made sure that our server hadn't mistakenly given us the bowl size. She hadn't. In some places, a cup of soup is usually about two shots worth, but at Wai Wai, the cup is a very generous portion. I found the soup the best part of the meal, though it was probably nothing more than cheap chicken broth and shredded egg whites. The pot of jasmine tea was average and could have used a bit more flavor. We shared an order of the honey chicken, again generously portioned. I realize in a place like Wai Wai, raising questions about MSG, as well as whether or not their meat is locally sourced and/or humanely raised (and thus healthy for the consumer) are somewhat unreasonable (even absurd) queries to posit. While my partner and I do care about food awareness and personal health, by choosing to eat here, I suppose we tacitly approved of sloughing off such concerns and slumming it for a meal. All this being said, the mound of honey chicken, surrounded by a ring of steamed broccoli and individual sides of rice, were uninspiring. I took a few bites, and didn't feel the urge to have anymore. Yeah, my aforementioned ethical concerns were the root cause of this, but the food was very middling. There was nothing terrible about it, but it was just your typical, Americanized, unhealthy Chinese food. The server was attentive and friendly; we tipped accordingly. I wouldn't go out of my to dissuade the reader from going if he or she is a fan of standard Chinese fare, but I highly doubt I'll find myself in there again.
4	They have really great yummy Chinese food here ... Good for date night or out with the kids...
2	Been here twice now, both times the resturant was completely empty. The staff made a good effort, but alas they were unprofessional. The food was slightly less than mediocre, but it was prepared and served pretty quick. If you're looking for authentic and delectable Asian cuisine, this is not the place. But, if you're in the area and need a quick, reasonably priced meal with large portions Wai Wai is your gem.
5	The food here is amazing, whether you're eating in our getting takeout or delivery. When eating there the presentation is very nice and the atmosphere is good. This is a great place for a date or family dinner. The best part in my opinion is that the food is at the same quality out better than some of the other local high priced Asian restaurants in the area like Tai Pei or Jimmy Wan's. As an added bonus the place is clean and the staff is friendly and accommodating. This has quickly become one of my favorite places to eat.
5	I like it!  I went to this place expecting mediocre food.  This is what I usually expect for Americanized Chinese food.  But when I went here for lunch, I was surprised and thought the food was very tasty.  The food is similar to any fast food Chinese food joint but it was much better prepared.  I've been here several times now and enjoyed everything I've ordered.  The Lunch/Dinner boxes are a great value and I love the portions they gave me.  I've tried almost everything on the Lunch/Dinner box menu and love it.  I love the big shrimp, the sparerib, chicken on a stick was a surprise, and all the various General Tso, Honey, Kung pao chicken were all tasty.  Now that I work near by, I've been craving them everyday.  I'd recommend them if you're just looking for traditional American Chinese food.
5	Excellent food at very reasonable prices. Attentive and friendly wait staff, fast service with a smile. The presentation of the food was far above average, a visual delight surpassed only by the superb taste.  For those reasons alone a 5 stars rating is warranted. The simple, efficient atmosphere is inviting and comfortable. Convenient access on a busy downtown street. Looking for a delicious Chinese meal at a surprisingly reasonable price? Wai Wai Chinese Cuisine will not disappoint you. I look forward to many more visits to this gem of a restaurant!
4	Some background about the setup: Customers can walk in and order take out at the counter, or be seated by a waiter to eat in. While we were there for around 1.5 hours, only one other group was seated but around 4 people came in to pick up their take out. I came here with my family around 3:30, just past the designated lunch period, so we were stuck with the dinner menu. No biggie. The waiter was super attentive and polite, timely and conscious of water refills.We all went with the plate sets which is cheap at around $10 for HUGE portions! None of us could finish. I ordered General Gao's Chicken with broccoli and beef and white rice. The food is pretty average to above average American-Chinese food, nothing really authentic here. Much better than Panda Express though! I guess the one authentic thing was the music they were playing, it was straight from the mainland. My Mom loved it. Overall, the atmosphere was inviting, waitstaff was great, and the food, although not authentic, was above the average American-Chinese. Will probably drop by again!
3	The wait staff employees are very very sweet.  Friends and I go back mainly because of their kindness.  However their grill teriyaki is deep fried.  It can be very greasy at times.  It is not grilled as the menu indicates.  Okay giving them the benefit of the doubt, there may be some grilling to it, but it is definitely has deep frying to it, despite what I have been told.
1	The service has always been "not so great", to say the least, but the last time we went, it was so bad, that it was almost comical. The waitress didn't pay any attention to us for about 10 minutes even though not much was going on there. When I got up to get her, she over-the-top apologized, first saying that she thought the other waitress had us, and then a minute later saying that she forgot she hadn't brought us water yet. This pattern of lying repeated itself when my husband got the wrong order and when she disappeared out of the restaurant for extensive periods of time (about 3 times). First she had one "reason", then another... By the end, we were both really pissed off and my husband told her that he doesn't care about the "why". I did feel bad for her, but she did ruin our dinner. We haven't been back since... and won't ever be again, even though it used to be my favorite spot to grab dinner...Keeping in mind that the service has always been iffy and certainly declined rather than improved over the past year.
1	Worst service ever! The server spilled hot food on me and did not even acknowledge, let alone say sorry. She was flat out mean. I would rather starve than eat here again.
5	Food tastes great.  Dinner boxes are a steal.  Oh and they have the fastest delivery around.
4	One of my favorite spots to get Chinese food. And I'm not the biggest fan of Chinese food...lol, so how is it that I have a spot? Well...first off they take credit cards. Secondly they are super convenient to my house. And thirdly, the food is good. I've never eaten in the restaurant...only ordered takeout. My only complaint,  I wish they had a parking lot...because sometimes finding parking on Liberty Ave. is a beast.
5	I love this place. It's cheap Chinese takeout (get the dinner box!) but the atmosphere is also nice enough to eat there if you'd prefer. I've done both and had great experiences every time. They also make your food more spicy for you if you request it...few Chinese places I've been to will really do that. I spent months looking for a Chinese place in Pittsburgh as good as the one in the town where I went to college, and I'm happy to have found one in my neighborhood!
