3	After the renovation... Stayed here for three nights - took advantage of the club lounge for breakfast and a pre-drink before dinner.  All in all, very clean, staff was nice... However, there was a pair of BIG briefs hanging in the bathroom which I thought was a hand towel... not so good - had to call housekeeping to clean up - they actually changed our room because of it.
1	I have spent 2 separate stays here. Ughhh. Although the room was clean and orderly and the service was good, I just can't get over the horrible experiences I had with their food.Each time I stayed here for business and decided to eat their since it was close to 120 degrees the 1st time and I was kind of in a rush the 2nd time. I sat at the bar watching ESPN and browsed their menu. I felt like a light meal and decided on their salmon which was supposedly smoked on top of a plank of wood (i forget what kind). I awaited about 45 minutes and became anxious as I hate sitting alone while waiting for food. As I received my plates, the presentation was pleasant. But as I tried my 1st bite of fish, it was entirely dry and detected no trace of smoke for the wood it was sitting on. I was quite disappointed and ate only half the fish.On my second try, 3 months later, I had to eat again there since I had to pick up my boss from the airport soon. I was in the mood for some steak and decided to order their Ribeye. Again I found myself waiting for 45 minutes, the bartender acknowledged my long wait and treated me to a 2nd glass of scotch which I eagerly accepted. But again I was greatly disappointed in the food. First of all it was not a Ribeye, it was a New York strip which is isn't the end of the world, but the steak was way over done- cooked way past the medium rare I requested. I took only 2 bited of the steak and just finished off the asparagus. The bartender noticed the bad quality of the steak and did comp all my drinks but I did have to pay $30 for probably the worst steak I have ever had. Being that this is in Tempe, I would recommend going to any of the many eateries close to the ASU campus. I learned my lesson and now go to any of those eateries. I will never eat at the Sheraton again.
3	My flight got cancelled so I was treated to this hotel. It was pretty expensive for just one night, but hey, like I said, I was treated! ;)I checked in like at midnight so I don't know how their food is like. So to be fair, I am giving this place 3 stars from what I'VE EXPERIENCED for 5-6 hours. I don't usually go to hotels at all, but I'm sure there are places with 4 stars and 5 stars... so a 3-star sounds just about right for this place. The organization of the room was very nice. The design and decor was very eye-catching. I've been to places where it's really, really basic, but this place really is up a notch. I really loved the layout of the bathroom, especially the sink! haha. The A/C control was pretty easy to work with, I mean it was just this digital thing on the wall that you can set your desired temperature at. The room had a nice big flat screen as well. That was nice. I think it was HD too.. ??? The service was really friendly, but there is this one thing I want to point out. The lady that was helping me check in, she didn't code the key card. I mean, I'm sure it's like a one time mistake thing, but did it have to be with me?? It was pass 12 AM, I was stuck at the airport waiting for nearly 3 hours. I had a puppy with me that I had to maintain. So walking alllll the way down the hall to the elevator up to level 3 and allll the way down the hall to my room to find out my door did not want to open. I was pretty pissed that I had to go through all that two more times.But I want to be fair, so like I've already said, it was a little mistake. She was probably as tired as I was from working all day, so I didn't give her a hard time or anything. I was just glad that I finally got into bed!!They were also very convienent. They scheduled with a wake up call so I would be in time for my schedule shuttle ride to the airport. Overall, this place is not bad at all.
3	I stay here almost on a weekly basis. for business  Here's what I think:+ Staff is really nice and accomodating.  I especially love the Club Lounge staff (Esther and Gloria).  They are really the reason why I keep coming back.  When I'm sick, Gloria takes extra good care of me and plies me with orange juice or a Sprite.  + It's relatively close to Mill Ave and close to the fwy.  + The pool is nice and big.+ The room is ALWAYS clean.  I have never had a problem with insects or things being dirty.  The only incident was just one time when they left a cleaning rag on the bathroom floor.- The AC units suck and are loud.- The gym is really small (two treadmills, two ellipticals, two bikes, one weight rack) and hot.- Club Lounge breakfast and evening apps are ho-hum.
4	My wife and I stayed here over the Memorial Day weekend, the room was very comfortable, especially the bed and the different size down filled pillows. All of the staff were very accommodating ....all in all we had a good experience. We did not eat at the restaurant my wife and I decided to try the local fare. My wife enjoyed the Sheraton extras like the real hand towels rolled up in the lobby bathroom and rolled up towels at the pool side chairs. The front desk went to extra trouble in printing off driving instructions to the function we were attending. Thanks for making our stay comfortable.
4	Got stuck in Phoenix thanks to crappy US Airlines, avoid flying them through Phoenix at all costs.  Ended up staying at this hotel. Place was very nice and the staff friendly.  Decent location to restaurants near the University. $7 taxi. Hotel has a free airport shuttle. Only drawback was the 20 minute wait for pick up was an hour. So stay on them about that. All in all if you need an airport hotel this one seems like a good call.
3	I got stuck in Phoenix on a lay over and ended up having to spend the night at this hotel (compliments of the airline that was responsible for me missing my flight).  The hotel itself is alright.  Nice and simple.  Presentable.  The room that I stayed in was nothing special.  It looked like every other normal hotel room that I've stayed in.  It looked like it will need some updating in a few years - not anything like their lobby, which is sleek and sophisticated.  It looks like they just rennovated it.   The good thing is that the room was clean, so I guess I can't complain very much.What impressed me the most about this place was the hospitality of the staff.  I had missed my flight, had a work out - running from one terminal to another, and I was starving.  The staff was friendly and so very kind.  They made sure that I had everything that I needed (from tooth brushes to water in my room).  They even gave me a free complimentary breakfast for the next morning.  I got a chance to order some room service.  The people from there were really nice and they got my food to me right away.  The lady on the phone recommended some things that sounded great, but was only mediocre to my taste.  Regardless, I was happy to have had the chance to eat something.Overall, I give this hotel a 3 stars - mainly because of the staff's hospitality. Would I stay here again?  Maybe.
4	Much as I am a Sheraton junkie, this one has ebbed and flowed in my heart.  At times service is prompt and friendly, at times not.  I'm always a fan of the huevos rancheros in the restaurant (a hearty, worthwhile meal) and I also like the overly strong espresso drinks they prepare at the bar in the morning.  Talk about lighting a fire!!  Parking is plentiful and easy and the hotel is convenient to PHX.  If you are using navigation, beware!  I have gone on many a merry chase with my navigation telling me to whiz right by the hotel.  It's convenient to ASU and the gym is adequate, though I'd recommend getting there early.  I've been there at 6am when all the machines were taken!!
4	My stay here started out rather disastrous, but the staff managed to pull it up with some very good customer service.Getting in on the first night, I was placed in a room right next to the lobby; it struck me as strange at the time, but I didn't question it.  It was the loudest hotel room I've ever stayed in.  The next a.m., the woman at the desk was very understanding, and quickly moved me to the club level.  It was a bit inconvenient to move, but worth the effort; the second room was quiet and comfortable.The room in which I was teaching a course (on community association communications) was way too small, with not enough tables.  At my request, however, they quickly brought in another table with minimal disruption; we were crowded, but they did the best they could with the available space.  And then, at the end of the day, they moved the room (with the projector, screen, flip charts, and all of the tent-card names) to another, larger room.The fitness room, like many in these hotels, was a bit tight and disappointing.  Fortunately, the Arizona weather allowed for outdoor exercise.
3	When checking in I was greeted by the General Manager. It was nice talking to you Michael; I hope to see you at the Westin La Paloma. The Sheraton is great for a night stay if you plan on going to the airport. I stayed with my family for one night and caught a shuttle to the airport at 3:30am (Complimentary). Ugh so early, but my driver was very friendly. The night auditor was very helpful and was able to give my family a late check-out till 1:30. SO AWESOME!  I love late check outs, they make your day/morning better. No need to rush. The bathroom is a little small, vanity area is limited but fully stocked and you get a loofa.My little sister and Mom enjoyed the pool as well. Nice small patio area to enjoy from your room too. If I ever have to fly out of Phoenix or into Phoenix and have to stay over my choice is definitely the Sheraton Phoenix Airport.
1	I am a long time Sheraton/SPG customer and have Platinum status with the chain. This means I stay 25 + times a year in SPG hotels. My experience here was terrible! It started out being greeted when I checked in at midnight by the fact that the hotel charges $75 if you have a dog with you! I have stayed in DOZENS of other Sheratons and only one has ever charged me for my dog - and that was $25.When I woke up in the AM, I realized the coffee maker was not working.I went down and had a chat with the manager - and he basically told me that I was wrong - that it is completely appropriate that I be charged $75 for my pet and that it was my bad not looking at the fine print. I went back to my confirmation and there was no mention of pet fees....I also told him about the coffee maker. He took notes. Did not offer to buy me a cup of coffee!This hotel is a dark spot on the Sheraton chain if you are a pet owner.Could have stayed at the W for that money!
3	Stayed overnight at the Sheraton, was on the 3rd floor, the room was nice, the staff was very friendly. The tv worked & the remote, maybe the crowne should take lessons on that LOL don't really have any complaints, only things that were eh was you could tell there was a sort of leak in the past on the ceiling, they didn't try to cover it with new paint or something, and that the blow drier in the bathroom was taped with electrical tape to were the switch was stuck on high,  I guess taping the drier was easier than buying a new one, idk. But over all I did enjoy my stay and would come back another time!
3	Stayed for two nights, Sheratons are hit and miss, this particular one is older.  Door was broken on the fitness room, so no workout.  Next morning I got up at 5 to try again and someone had left it propped open.. Great.  What is it about hotels and the ridiculous workout gear, it's always "beginner" level stuff.  If you haul the workout clothes, I'm sure you are more serious than the entry level elliptical or a recumbent bike.  I tried the bike, bored after 20 minutes so I gave up on that.I tried the lounge restaurant.. Impressed with it actually.  Great strawberry chicken salad, and the cheesecake was awesome.  Liked the waitress (Jessica?), just the right amount of attention without being pushy.  I hung out for at least an hour.Room was nice, maybe above-average.  I agree with others, hallways feel creepy.
4	Stayed here for a 3 day conference last weekend. Shuttle service to and from the airport runs every half hour and is free. There doesn't seem to be anything exciting around this general area so I was stuck here for 3 days. Overall, the hotel is fine but a bit dated. Generally quiet, but when people go in and out of their rooms the doors slam and make quite a noise. Staff are very friendly and accommodating. Pool is nice, but was a bit too cold to take advantage of. Major bummer is that there is no Internet service in the rooms unless you fork out $10/day  for an Internet key. You can use their computers in the lobby for free or hook up your own laptop wireless in the lobby for free. I had a room caddy corner away from the restaurant and I was still able to access the Internet to check e mail and perform simple tasks for free. Any major computer use such as video downloads, etc. were essentially useless. I saved the $10/ night and just dealt with slow Internet. Rooms are a bit old and could use some updating, but overall OK. Would stay here again if in the area unless I found something for a lot less than $100/ night which is what paid plus all the extra expenses for tax, etc. Food in the restaurant was pretty good. Restaurant reviewed separately from hotel.
2	small uncomfortable beds, have to pay for Internet, have to pay for breakfast, and let's just say my bath towel was not clean. didn't get to go to the pool or gym but they looked really nice and modern. rather not stay here again tho.
2	I was not very pleased with the quality of this hotel.  It's aged, and appears a bit dirty and sometimes smelled like and old Spring Break party hotel.  Thehotel and rooms are bit dated, and their attempt to update things were noticeable, but if you look close enough you would notice there was a good bit of dirty spots all around (i.e., the headboard, the wall, and the carpet had smudgy/stainy spots).  -They need to 'clean' the place up a bit -The food at the restaurant isn't that good-The a/c is not good.  My room never got below 78 degrees-Until I got comfortable in walking around in the room .. i wore my flip flops-The maid left dirty linens on the floor one day+decent pool set-up and that area seemed clean and modern+easily located to the interstate+has full set of amenities (gym, bar, and pool)I'm not super picky, I expect imperfections in hotels and i'm not always inclined to stay in high-end hotels. Actually, i'm sitting in a Hilton room as I type this.  This Toronto hotel is aged, but it's clean, crisp, updated, and the service is impeccable and the amenities are abundant.Was the experience awful?  No.  Am I staying during my next trip?  No.  Would I stay here again if I had too?  Yes.There are other great Tempe hotels - check em out.
3	To start - the only reason I was at the hotel was because my husband and I missed a connecting flight in Phoenix.  This is apparantly the go-to hotel for US Airways.  Overall I would stay there again if I was in the area.  It is not a 5 star establishment but the amenties fit the bill.  The room was fine with some updates in the bathroom and a decent TV.  We also enjoyed the pool area.  No one was really there while we swam and it actually was relaxing.  Our breakfast was comped so we had the cold buffet.  It was okay and i agree with other reviewers that the price tag is not warranted as their spread would be free at any other hotel.  The food at the restaurant (lunch) was actually quite good in our opinion (mac and cheese and tortilla soup).  Our only alternative would have been to eat at the airport so that could be skewing our view.  The shuttle was also helpful for our "stuck" situation.
3	Here for conference, no choice of hotel.Staff is super nice.  Kudos to desk clerk Mackenzie, who suggested where to run in the morning,  and to shuttle bus drivers who ran a group of us back and forth to the conference at the Fiesta..Property is old.  Noisy a/c in room, insufficient plugs for chargers. (The plugs on the base of lamp didn't work.)  Wifi costs the funnest number to say - if you're from GA: $9.99. But free is always much better.Run:  Downhill on 52nd St, right on Rio  Salado Pkwy.  At Priest  Road go left 1/2 block to the path along the river and Tempe Town Lake.  Great run!
4	Nice place. Not swanky but not crappy either. Great for a one or two night stay. But not really the place I'd want to stay at for several days.
1	Where to start. When we first arrived, our a/c wasn't working, so someone came up and fixed that. Then we noticed there was no toilet paper in the room. Had to call someone about that too...bed was comfy, went to take a shower and there was almost no hot water. Ordered room service, the food was cold. Tried to do video check out - that didn't work...As we were leaving the elevator was broken....so we got to carry all of our suitcases down the stair well. Tried to check out and there was nobody working so we ended up just leaving. Won't stay there again.
3	Attended a seminar here. The rooms were spacious, and catering for breakfast/snacks and lunch was good. The parking lot here is fairly large, so finding a space isn't too much of a problem.
2	As a result of my past life as a consultant, I've stayed at a lot of starwood hotels - pretty much all of their brands, in a lot of cities. I can say that this Sheraton is one of the most disappointing starwood hotels I've stayed at. It has been poorly maintained - the carpets in the hallways are browning and visibly stained, the furniture in the rooms is beat up, and the decor in the rooms looks like its decades old. Sometimes it was difficult getting hot water in the showers. The Starwood Preferred club lounge is better maintained and offers continental breakfast and light evening fare for elite members, but you have to pay for any drinks. Given that several nearby hotels in the Phoenix area offer more for breakfast and evening fare, and offer free drinks, and do it for all hotel guest (not just the elite members), it's hard to give the sheraton a lot of brownie points here.The one thing that saved this place from a dreaded 1-star review is the fact that the service was generally very good - at the front desk, in the lounge, and at the restaurant - service was always great. Ultimately, however, there are a ton of competing hotels in the area, most with better amenities, MUCH better rooms, service that is just as good, and they are cheaper. It's hard to justify staying here, unless of course you are doing it for the starwood points.
1	A coworker booked us here again. I gave it 2 stars last time because of some saving graces, but I have to take one away.Upon walking into my room, the temperature had been set to 62 degrees for some odd reason, and the AC was blowing wildly. I was tired and cold and just wanted to get some rest, so I turned the heat on. The room instantly filled with an overwhelming smell of burning death. I immediately shut the heat off, and then suffered (and continue to suffer) through the terrible smell and cold. The toilet seat in the bathroom had dried liquid spots on it - I could not tell what they were (I tried not to think about it), but they wiped away easily, meaning housekeeping could have easily cleaned them.The internet username/password they gave me was case incorrect, and when I finally figured that out on my own and authenticated, the internet was the worst I had ever experienced in a hotel, bar none. Worse than my old 28.8 modem from the 90s. I'm currently using my phone hotspot to type this review, because I just couldn't let it go.Worst starwood brand hotel I've stayed at to date.
3	Hotel room was booked through Priceline and got a great deal so the room was worthwhile. I thought the room was nice. Like someone else said, even numbered rooms have a balcony. Ours overlooked the pool area which was nice to have breakfast on while looking out.Free water, Starbucks and tea.  Bathroom stuff was good, some of it unique like the shaving cream and loofah. Free wifi. No complimentary breakfast for us at least.Maids left used surveys and used breakfast order forms in our room apparently not realizing they were already filled out.Overall though, I would stay here again.
4	For the price, this was a great stay. The lobby is beautiful. The restaurant/bar is good and reasonably priced ($5 beer and $13 dinner, not bad for a hotel). Bed was very comfortable with super soft pillows. It is a bit close to the interstate, so there is road noise, but certainly not more than the point of a minor distraction. Bathroom has been updated, but the room carpet is a bit out of date; but I'm not sleeping on the floor, so I can put up with that. This is a great hotel for a 3 1/2 star in Hotwire. I would stay here again; nice assortment of tap beer and seasonal beer favorites.
2	The two stars are for the nice employees here but otherwise this would be zero stars. My stay felt like the twilight zone.  Let's start with the broken shower: you get either scalding hot or cold water--how lovely.  I managed to fall asleep but kept waking up because I was hearing noises.  It started with scratching at the glass sliding doors (and since I was on the ground floor this was a bit scary).  Since they decided to give  me a room facing the road (even though I asked for quiet), I also kept waking up hearing semi trucks zoom by.  Then every 30 minutes or so I would hear planes pass by right above.  It also probably didn't help that on top of that I kept having a recurring nightmare and going back to it each time I woke up.  Overall they overcharge for the hotel and type of room.  There were stains in the carpet, bad toiletries (ok for me), crappy shower, noisy rooms....list goes on.  The only good thing are the people who were nice even though my experience here was brief.  A coworker of mine had a better experimenter but her room was in a different part of the hotel. Do not stay in room 127 or around there.
1	I get that hotels do not like when you get a great deal through Priceline, but what this hotel did was ridiculous. After a full day of helping us move, my mother and niece arrived around midnight to check in to their room. Upon arrival they were told that, "Priceline should not have agreed to the deal, and we have to send you somewhere else." So, at 1 am my mother and young niece are driving through shady Phoenix trying to find this Aloft they sent them to. Again, my mother is not from here, and she had been helping us move all day. She called me scared and frustrated, and we finally got her there and checked in. Now, 45 mins away from where she needed to be, she could sleep. I find this appalling and ridiculous. I will never give this hotel, or any other Sheraton brand our business. This is why we stick to Marriot. Furthermore, I will never give Priceline my business again either. I know better, but I thought it was worth a shot.
3	This hotel is just fine. The staff were extremely friendly. Lobby is very pleasant to walk into. Nice decoration!As with most airport hotels, it wasn't in the best shape; Due to high usage the room was careworn. The latch on my sliding door was busted and the security loop on the door was likewise in need of repair. I did tell the appropriate folks and they were very apologetic and promised to fix both in short order.The room wasn't perfectly clean, but it wasn't gross either. Comfortable beds, outlet on wall next to bed; you just may need to unplug clock or lamp to use for your electronics.Free parking and free WiFi, as always, a nice plus!Restaurant in the hotel (Fire and Spice) was nice, but it was odd that, considering I was one of just a few people seated in the dining room it took an unusually long amount of time for me to be served. Understandable if very busy, but it was not, not at all. There were definitely more restaurant employees (just sort of meandering around like they weren't quite sure what to do) than there were patrons. Maybe it was training day? I'll give them another go next time I stay here. Once I was acknowledged though, my server was nice, and made some good recommendations. Food was quite good, too.
3	When I stayed here three years ago, I gave this place four stars. This time, I think it deserves a three. The staff is very nice, and very accommodating. They seem to want to make your stay here enjoyable.The rooms, the food, and particularly the Internet service, leave a lot to be desired. Three years ago, I probably plugged my computer in; I noted no concerns about the speed of the internet. This time, however, the wireless Internet has been a disaster; I have relied largely upon cellular service. Bad internet service appears not to be isolated, either; it's bad in my room, and in the room in which I taught, across the hotel. My students also complained about the bad internet service.The food wasn't bad; it just wasn't very good. Nothing but carbs for the seminar food service; that may be the fault of the sponsor of the seminar, but I doubt that be the case. They usually encourage a variety of healthy foods.
4	Very nice stay here. Staff was top notch. Room was pristine and spacious. Bathroom was the same. Pool area w/fire-pit was awesome at night. They also gave me a late check out, no problem. Room survive was also great. Quick delivery. Stayed on 3rd floor w/ balcony.
2	Hotel is clean but extremely dated. This particular Sheraton is in major need of a refresh. Carpet is worn, wallpaper coming off the walls and bathrooms with minimal lighting. This place is not up to the Sheraton's usual standards.
1	I just want to share this information with anybody thinking about booking this hotel. My daughter left a shirt at this hotel, and inadvertently my shirt was left as well. I have been frantically trying to recover our items since June 15th. This hotel has been a NIGHTMARE to deal with...not calling back. Not responding to messages. Finally, I sent my mom to this hotel as my daughter is really upset...and alas no shirts. I'm pretty sure the maid stole our stuff and this hotel does not give a rat's ass. I would not be so upset EXCEPT for the fact that my daughter saved for this shirt. I pleaded that if they could just "find" her shirt....no response. I take full responsibility for our bone headiness BUT come on! Seriously....your employee is stealing stuff and your not gonna hold them accountable?
1	I selected the Sheraton (which is about 15 minutes from the office) over other brands closer to the office, because I have Platinum status and have always found Sheraton to be a good brand. I was sorely disappointed. The hotel appears to be under construction and the fourth floor was completely closed and the club lounge moved to the first floor. I checked in and was given a room right next to the elevator. I walked into the room and noticed it was kind of old, the bathroom was small and the desk blocked the door to the balcony. At this point I have no further expectations. I was there for business and working long hours, so I didn't complain. When I got back to my room Wednesday night I found about a half inch of water on the floor and the ceiling buckling. I ran down to the front desk and the gentleman called engineering and gave me a new room. He offered an apology that didn't seem genuine and at no point offered to help me move my things. I managed to get into my new room and the rest of the stay was uneventful. A couple of notes about the people. At one point I went downstairs looking for a bottle of water and was told I would have to purchase one (since the free bottles weren't replaced in my room). I noticed the bottles they offer for free in the room cost money at the front desk. I was able to get a bottle of water from the club lounge, which is on the other side of the hotel from the rooms. Needless to say when I return to Phoenix on Monday I am staying in a different hotel. I will not go back to this hotel again.
2	I booked a room at the Sheraton based on my experience with other hotels in the chain.  I was very disappointed.  I provided feedback after my stay via the automatic email that I received. Skyler Mohr, Front Office Manager at the Sheraton Phoenix Airport Hotel Tempe was very quick to respond.We corresponded back and forth on a couple of different issues.  Skyler assured me that after the $3.5 million renovation is completed this winter, things would be different.  I hope so.  This hotel is tired, dingy, and in poor repair.  I will give Skyler and the Sheraton the benefit of the doubt.  Its all up hill from here,  good luck.On a brighter note, the staff was very pleasant and accommodating.    The wifi was included and easy to use.  I might be back, hopefully the hotel will be updated.
5	Great hotel near the airport. Everybody was interacted with was EXTREMELY helpful. Breakfast was excellent. Nice lobby, clear room with a balcony. It's not a high-end property, but it's a nice place to stay, especially for an airport location.If I'm ever in the area again, I'll absolutely consider staying here.
1	My ill mother and I were flying back from another state but our flight was cancelled due to plane maintenance so they offered a voucher for us to stay at this hotel. We weren't put out money wise thankfully but it would have been nice to stay in a cleaner place. Upon arrival I had good feelings about this place. The entry way looks really nice and the man who greeted us was very friendly, but our room was located a ways down a series of halls and that was hard on my mother. The carpeting looked kind of dirty and it was musty smelling too. On a more positive note: the beds were super comfortable and I fell right asleep, but that positive vibe didn't last long when we awoke at 5am to catch our flight and noticed a huge cockroach perched next to our suitcases which had some food inside. Could be a great place but kind of dirty ..
3	First time staying here, and it was good. It's hard to give it more stars, just because there are much nicer resorts in the area. This isn't a resort by any means, but it does have a pool & a nice lobby.When I checked in, they didn't have the room I reserved (2 queens) and they gave me a free upgrade to the 4th floor. I believe the rooms are a little nicer, but I'm not sure. My room felt modern & had a great bed. There was also a lounge on my floor which had complimentary refreshments. That was a treat to grab a yogurt & bring it back to my room. I also had free wi-fi, it was spotty at best.The pool is a bit small, but offered a nice little swim mid-day.My biggest complaint would be the maid service. They were NOISY! I was in my room trying to do a conference call & the maids were carrying on full conversations & shouting to each other. Luckily I wasn't asleep, but this was consistent on all 3 mornings. This hotel isn't located near anything, so it really is just a place to sleep. Typically I stay in downtown Tempe & have the option to walk to lunch, etc.
4	I thought the hotel was fine. Safe location and very friendly staff.
4	I am going to go out on a limb and give this one 4 stars - it is probably more like a 3.5 stars kind of place, but I was pleased with my experience. I had stayed here with my family a few years ago during a freak snow storm that prevented us from getting back to NM (of course the PHX was sunny 60 degrees during this time) and I stayed here  again for a few days this month while in the PHX area for work. You can definitely tell that they have made improvements and renovations to the property, in some ways it still has a dated feel (elevators, some carpet, etc.) but overall, it has a modern feel.I liked the area - it is convenient to the airport, Tempe, Scottsdale, the 202, etc. There is ample (free) parking. The check in was quick and smooth. Internet is wireless and free. My room was spacious, well appointed (the bathroom was a bit dated). I ate twice at the restaurant on property - it was a bit expensive, but I had the same server both times. He recognized on the second occasion that I dined and remembered what I had ordered (I am a creature of habit) and he was prompt with refills - very good service. One confession: I booked the hotel through Priceline. I hadn't used Priceline in a few years and was actually pleased with the price and the property. I am typically loyal to the Hilton chain, but ventured out by chance and was pleased with this property.
