1	Fletcher Jones had its issues but this place just sucks. Drive up to service that includes obnoxious techs, that once the realize you have an appointment, won't help you if you were bleeding. There is a coordinator dressed like a Fremont Street hooker. Service writer tried some over played, cheesy up sell that was plain nauseating.  Can't wait to see what the service tech comes up with. Unfriendly,  unrefined, and ready to cater to the bottom of the barrel in Vegas. Steer clear of this place. Been coming here for years and wouldn't dream of coming back.  You can see its trying to be slick, but it's just scaly and rancid.By the way. A service writer and the hooker were admonishing an old lady behind her back because she wasn't sure if she should take the crappy up sell. In front of me. Pathetic.
5	I love these guys. My service writer Bill A. is the greatest. My car was ready on time. The cashier is always courteous. The valets are great too. Waited less than a minute to be acknowledged even though I was late for my appointment. And I appreciate the fact that I have never been talked down to about the repairs on my vehicle, which will make me become indignant in no time flat. I like the checklist and the suggestions for repair items, sort of a preview of what might be need to be serviced on the next trip. It seems as if the dust is still settling from the transition from Fletcher Jones to David Wilson's. But they kept my service writer, whom I have been dealing with for years. Yay!
5	Nice lady in the service area was very helpful with my oil change. Took advantage of the $24.95 deal and was out of there very quickly.
5	The only reason I am giving this dealership 5 stars is due to their salesman. We have been customers of this location for about 5 years. Previously it was under a different name. Our sales person, Salvador, has always helped us. He is awesome and always willing to help. We have purchased 2 Tundras, a Camry and now a 2014 Highlander from him. He is always upbeat and will bend over backwards to get you the best deal. He will not get upset if you don't purchase anything from him like other salesmen. We have never felt pressured when we go in and speak with him.
2	This place is the stereotypical cheesy car lot. We had a real nice salesman Ruben, who was pleasurable to deal with and had plenty of patience with us. We mentioned we were just looking but he said a sales manager wanted to talk to us. It turned out we had to deal with two pushy sales manager who tried to get us in a brand new car we didn't like that much to begin with. They could not comprehend the words we are not buying anything today and needed to talk more about it.  They found a way to push us to the point where if they had the last car lot in town, the bus would be a better option. Not worth dealing with this dealership with there being plenty of other options in the valley.
5	I was a long time Fletcher Jones Toyota customer so I was a little nervous when the David Wilson group took over. However, I am very pleased so far! I've had great experiences in the service department on my two visits since it changed hands in June. I expect to get the same efficient service on the next oil change! Ask for Mike McDermott or Bill Ayling. Both great service advisors.
1	We bought a car for cash at this place and they forced us to pull our credit saying it would be a soft pull just to verify identity and would not effect our score. But in fact they made a hard inquiry on our credit that says we were trying to apply for financing with them. When this was brought up to their attention, initially were refusing to do anything, then they said they would talk to their IT department and get back to us, never heard back from them again. Buyer beware!
5	My wife and I purchased a 2015 Toyota Highlander XLE after being contacted by their internet sales department.  This was in response to us searching for the vehicle using USAA's car buying service.  They were offering the vehicle for a few thousand dollars less than any other Toyota dealership in the valley.  Additionally, they were willing to pay us a few thousand more for our trade in than some dealerships were.  When we showed up on the lot Edgar had the car pulled up that met all our requirements.  They were also willing to match financing rates we had from other dealerships already.  So Edgar and his manager crunched the numbers to lay out all the costs for us very quickly.Then we went over to the business office where we worked with Sal to sign all the paperwork.  He was very pleasant and quick, but he was just handing us documents and having us sign things at lightning speed.  My wife and I were ok with this as we had our 7 week old new born with us as well.  The one thing that could have been better would have been if he had pushed the additional service contracts, extended warranty, and alarm less than he did.  I wasn't at all interested, but Sal really tried.  Short of being rude to him it took us an extra 15 minutes as he tried his best to sell me something I told him from the start I didn't want.Once all the paperwork was signed they had the vehicle set-up just outside of the office where we signed all the paperwork.  Their detailing crew could have done a little better job as Edgar had to personally grab a rag and wipe some smudges off a few spots on the interior that we had pointed out to him earlier.  Then Edgar took the time to get my wifes phone set up to interact with the audio and navigation system.  The whole in dash system seems really overdone to us, but if you like things with lots of toys in the Dash this system will not disappoint you.All in all a solid car buying experience.  We got everything we wanted at a price that no one else was readily willing to match, and we were in and out in just a few hours.
4	Got a nice pre-owned car, thanks to Justin Willard. After a horrible experience at United Nissan due to their predatory practices, I was pleasantly surprised with David Wilson's Toyota. My credit is spotty at best and we were still able to work out a deal. I'll definitely be sending family and friends to Justin in the future. Also, Han (spelling? ) of finance was very friendly and made sure to answer all of my questions and took his time. I never felt rushed or pressured. I'm very grateful.The only thing I'm bummed about is the fact that the car had NO GAS in it and they didn't fill my tank! I had to fill up at the corner.
1	Most of the sales consultants did not greet you, they walked away from you as if they were too busy with other stuff, and treat my family like we were "air". They did not show enthusiastic to try to make a first initial greeting on new clients. Then I have to walk up to a sales (after 10 minutes searching vehicles in their lot). The sales was friendly but service was OK.  I did not think sales consultants in this dealership would be willing to work with me on my need regarding the specs of the car that I want.  So instead of purchasing a car in this dealership, I went to Findlay Toyota and purchased a 2015 Toyota Sienna last week after just spent 2 hours of talking to the sales consultant in Findlay Toyota  .
