5	If you are looking for Appliances look here before you look anywhere else.  This place carries merchandise sold at the regular retail stores at a discounted price due to a small scratch or dent around the way. Appliances have same Manf. warranty as if you were buying brand new and they offer all services that reg. Sears offers. Everyone is really friendly too!!
3	Great variety of appliances and prices were pretty good but not as good as a good sale just about anywhere.. New, returns and refurbished. Refrigerators probably 100, over and ranges maybe 75, 50washer/ dryers, only 12 tv's, treadmills an more.If you're looking for big variety and good prices check it out. I think they'll work a little better than sticker price too.
4	Neat and organized with a good inventory ranging from kitchen products to furniture. A lot of offers for assistance. Prices were OK, but I didn't find that dynamite recliner at an incredible price that I came looking for.
1	My family has bought from Sears going back 5 generations. We've had good luck with their Kenmore appliances over the years so when the time came to look for a new washer and dryer I immediately put Sears and their Outlet store on my short list of places to go. I've had very good experiences with the Sears Outlets in Denver and especially Kansas City...but those good memories came crashing down when I stepped foot into this KMart with 1/8th of the floor space turned into an afterthought of an outlet store. Stick a motley collection of mixed appliances in the space, staff with surly or clueless employees, and add in way overpriced service contracts and you've got Sears Outlet in Vegas. Why anyone would buy from Sears anymore is beyond me. Case in point, I can find brand name washers and dryers in many different places from Lowes and Home Depot to Fry's. Everyone in Clark County pays the 8.1% sales tax so that's equal. But the service contracts is where things really get interesting. I can spend a max of $175 at Home Depot or slightly less at Lowe's for a 5 year extended warranty, or pay DOUBLE that for an extended warranty through Sears. If you've ever had one of the Kenmore Elite / Whirlpool Duet washers turn into a fragmentation grenade spinning at 1300 rpm that suffers catastrophic failure due to a bad main bearing design you quickly learn how valuable an extended warranty is. I refuse to be fleeced on extended warranty charges. With that being said...here comes a 1 Star rating. You can do better elsewhere. And I do mean pretty much ANYWHERE else. And besides saving money you might find competent service and even get a smile if you're lucky.(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #4 - Off to a slow start...but not for long)
1	I have always liked the way Sears stood by their products. I purchased 3 Craftsman Roll-A-Way toolboxes, a Eureka Vacuum and a Filter for my Refrigerator a couple of weeks ago. The receipt was around $675. The Refrigerator Filter was the wrong type, so I took it back to the store to return or exchange it. I did not have my receipt, so I figured I would just get a merchandise credit which I was completely happy  with.The employee(who I dealt with when I originally made my purchase) stated that he "Could not return it without a receipt because there was no proof that I purchased it from his store. "This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard!What kind of proof does he want? I showed him the bar code, thinking he would at least scan or to see if it is an item they carried. The employee was insistant.on telling me that I could not return it! I am going to his manager and his managers manager! AND of course I won't be shopping there again! I will get the employees name and add it in after I call his manager.
