5	This Enterprise location has been awesome! We've used them several times. Both for short-term and long-term rentals when our car has been in the repair shop. They always have a car available, never hassle you, and are very good with last minute extensions or changes in time renting. We will continue to use them even though they are not in our area since we moved anymore (we attempted to use a couple of other Enterprises and they were horrible!)
1	I reserved a car for Monday, February 18, from the Enterprise Rent-a-Car at 2810 E BELL RD in PHOENIX, AZ. I was supposed to be picked up at 9:30 a.m., but despite my phoning the office several times, no one ever came to pick me up. I canceled my request after waiting for 2 hours.Although Enerprise advertisements say that you pick people up, my experiences demonstrate that you do not. I'm very disappointed with my treatment by Enterprise.  I have talked to other people who waited four hours to get picked up.  This is not professional treatment of customers.
4	I go out of town often.  I always use this specific location for my car rentals.  Likes-The folks running this show are professional. The are fast and try to please everyone in a hurried manner if there is a line. Don't get me wrong, if I have questions they answer it and try and help me however they can....but they make sure people aren't standing in line waiting  while they chit chat away like many other places.I have had to return my car late before and I always call to tell them.  It has never been a problem. No hidden fees.  Dislikes-I had reserved a car from here and it was not available when I went to pick it up.  Luckily, the woman I spoke with was able to get me a good deal( not a great deal... like theirs) at the enterprise at airport.  I understand that things happen, but I was pretty upset. It was 3 days before Christmans and my whole family was waiting at home bags packed....waiting for me to arrive so we could drive up north to a cabin.  It almost ruined the whole family Christmas.  But the lady was so nice and helpful that I became a repeat costomer.  If it wasn't for her trying to make it up to me and her sincere appoligy, I would not have returned.  They are in the buisness of REPEAT customers.Thank you Enterprise.
2	They were out of cars again.  I tried picking my car up on a Friday and they were sold out.  My reservation was somehow  "cancelled" and the rate that I was quoted doubled in price, which I was mad about but it didn't matter anyways because I was like 25th on a waiting list.   I come here all of the damn time and I was pretty upset that nobody even seemed to care that my reservation ended up "missing".  I wonder how many unsuspecting people get told that when they don't have enough cars. So I went to another Enterprise down the road on Bell and like 5th ave.  I booked online again and was told that they were out of cars on Friday.  I was assured that Saturday morning at 10am, I would have a car. So I call at 9am, they still have no cars and I am 11th on a waiting list.  I asked her if she thought that I should just forget renting a car at the point and she said," technically, we aren't even honoring your reservation"  So, even if you are a long time customer, it doesn't matter.   Both places had workers that were stressed out and nobody even apologized.  They both acted like I was a bother to them, and I was very polite even though I was pissed off.  So after 3 years of being a faithful customer, I am moving to a different company!!!
1	I would like to warn before anyone renting vehicle from this place. I took a car which had front bumper damage. When I touched them I realized that it was just mud with water giving an impression of scratches. But when I returned the car, I realized that few of the car scratches were indeed scratches and I was forced to shell out $298 at the time of return apart from renting charges. On top of that I was sent another bill of $236, which included 75 as remainder payment, $50 as Administrative fees and $110 for Loss of use fees. So in a nutshell $534 for a minor scratche. I feel duped and won't rent car ever from Enterprise. Be careful of all minor and major scratches, whenever you rent a vehicle from this particualr unit. Worst thing is that I didn't agree to the claim report. One of the "so called damage" really looked 2-3 months old as that dent had rusted. One top of that I was forced to accept the report created by the Unit manager, which I refused. This was my 8th rental of Enterprise and I found it fishy that the Sales Rep didn't try to sell me into insurance. I should have had guessed something a miss. Be careful when you rent from this unit of enterprise.When I returned the car, I rented another car, and they were out of car once again.
5	had a wonderful experience with this location.  highly recommend
1	I had a reservation in which my insurance company was paying for. I talked to "John" on the phone and had everything set up and asked ahead of time if I could pay cash and I was told it was not a problem. I take a Taxi to their location (was in an accident) and "John" was the one I talked to and became the most difficult person to deal with that I've ever talked to. Wouldn't take cash and wouldn't allow me to use a card that was in someone else's name. They also wouldn't pick us up from 2 miles away because they were apparently too busy.. but when we got there they were anything but busy. I understand companies have policies but give me a break! He literally lied to our face and was a complete dick doing so.
5	Great staff.  I've used this location many times and have always been very pleased.I understand that this location is one of the busiest in Phoenix but the staff is friendly and professional.
