5	Great authentic Italian cuisine with attractive decor and Excellent Team service, unpretentious exterior but don't let that turn you off, inside the operation is First Class, great food, moderately priced
3	Took a date on Saturday. As mentioned by the other reviewer, this restaurant is very unassuming from the outside. The interior is very nice. There are two large rooms: dining and the bar area. The interior is immaculate with a timeless quality. The carpet is plush and the striking chandeliers speak to this establishment's class and elegance. The wait staff is attentive and professional. There are daily specials and a diverse menu featuring steak, several types of veal, and fish. The food is very good, but not exceptional. I ordered a stuffed pork chop which was tasty but not "out of this world." I would consider La Locando to be expensive. Two diners with drinks and a large salad was just under $100.All in all, it is a nice (but not great) restaurant with above average food that offer an elegant, fun atmosphere.
4	AS OF AUGUST 2009, I'M PRETTY SURE THIS PLACE CLOSED DOWNOk, this place does look a little ghetto from the outside, if fact they have began to put cardboard signs that read "Open" all over the exterior just so people know they have not closed down!  This is place is worth going into though!  My boyfriend brought me here on our first date (Valentine's Day) and we were blown away by the food.  I ordered pasta with vodka sauce and it was outstanding.  My boyfriend ordered the ravioli and it is his favorite thing to order since.  We also ordered calamari which is pretty good and they made a specialty dessert for Valentines day of heart shaped ice cream with chocolate over it.  They also serve make-your-own Bruschetta, really good that is compliments of the house.  What's so sad is that Macaroni Grill is right across the street and always busy, if people only knew that authentic AMAZING Italian food at La Locanda is a better place to go instead of some chain, I don't think they would need to put those signs up anymore!  The waitstaff is on-point and very professional. The Host is my favorite though, he is so funny and very laid back, it's very easy to feel like a regular there.  The host even makes fun of the decor on the outside!  The inside is pretty cozy, nice atmosphere, they could just do a lot more with the place but maybe that's part of the charm.  They have an extensive bar where you can have a drink before you are seated (rare though, it's usually not that crowded).  I want to tell everyone about this place, I love it!  If you or anyone you know is even thinking about going to that Macaroni Grill across the street, steer them to La Locanda, it will not disappoint!
4	This could possibly be 5 stars. Driving by you would never know this restaurant serves excellent Italian food. It is rather small and has a very different decor from other Scottsdale restaurants. I went on a Friday night and there were not many people there and I have walked by on other weekend nights and it was the same result. Regardless of that the food was outstanding. I ordered a special, lobster risotto and it was superb. There are many other things on the menu which I would like to try as well. It is rather expensive, but well worth it. The service was also very quick, and it should be when there are not many people dining.
5	Looks like a dive from the street, but through the doors is a cute, fancy little restaurant that has the best Italian food around.  Great for date night or a family celebration. I am Italian (neopolitan - since we Italians all like our own region's cooking) and I don't like many Italian places, but this one rocks!  Give it a try.
