5	Citizen Smith is probably best known for the live music that can often be heard here, usually rather mellow yellow "yeah man" kind of beats such as blues, jazz and a bit of reggae too.This pub has a great atmosphere, I love the fact that it's got old mismatched chairs inside, some of which are super comfy. This bar has absolutely no pretence and is effortlessly cool without trying to be, you could be dressed up or dressed down here and nobody would bat and eyelid, it's just so laid back.A trip here is particularly good on a sunny day where you can sit outside with a cold lemonade and watch the world go by whilst enjoying some phat beats. Cool man.
5	The problem with world peace is that it's exceptionally boring. Without corruption, war and genocide, serious journalists and the army would be out of work for starters, and I think sitting around in circles strumming a guitar would get boring after a while. I expected then, to be distinctly unimpressed by this hippy bar, so was delighted to find that it's actually quite a charming little place in it's own way.Mismatched tables, an anything goes atttude, and the feel that it's just happened like this without trying to be anything in particular gives it a degree of character absent in 99% of the pubs in Edinburgh (or anywhere else), and it's especially enjoyable on a sunny evening when it opens out onto the street. Don't expect efficiency or silver service, and don't get too sucked in and start voting The Green Party, and you should find this place to be a booze-filled nirvana.
5	While Stephenie T. regards her comment "It isn't funky, it isn't modern, it has no gimmick. Essentially, it's a room with a bar in, and like it or lump it." to be a crisitcism, I actually love this fact about Citizen Smith. Thats exactly what it is - a room and a bar. Oh and some seats that dont match at all but work beautifully as comforting your behind and describing the atmosphere in this bar - a bit odd and all over the place, but comfy and fun .Who knew chairs could tell you so much about a bar?Theres also the live music - its jazzy, dont be suprised if you get some beatnik reading self penned poetry about the darkness of his childhood over a soft jazzy beat and some odd piano noises.I love it.
