1	I needed three appliances repaired so I thought I could save some money if I got them done by one company.  So I made an appointment for the next day from 2:00 pm to 4:00 pm.  The next morning they called to change the appointment to 11:00 am to 2:00 pm, OK I'll switch m am business to pm.  So I wait from 8:00 am to 2:10 pm without any calls or repairman. Finally I heard from them at 3:03 to say they couldn't make it!
1	I would never call this company again.  Their prices are outrageous, they don't honor appointment times, and they don't follow through with repairs. They changed the appointment 3 times without calling to update me.  I had to call them to ask where they were.   I agreed to pay an exorbitant amount to get an appliance fixed because I just wanted get it over with and didn't want to pay another service call fee from another company.  A few days later, when I called to confirm the follow up service to complete the repair, they said they hadn't even ordered the part yet.  Incompetence. I had them cancel everything.  Waste of time and money.  According to their website, they have 3 offices--Henderson, Summerlin, and North Las Vegas.
5	So I'm a bit confused about the reviews on here, because my experience with Comfort Home Appliance was AWESOME.  Not to mention, they have excellent reviews on Google as well.  But anyway, I called and made an appt. this morning and they were out here same day.  The person that scheduled the appt. was very polite.  Before they came out, they called again to confirm the appt.  My service tech was Eddie and he was completely professional and very knowledgeable.  Not to mention, he took a look at something else that was broken in my house as well.  He could not have been any nicer.  I wish all repair companies were this efficient.  Thanks again Eddie!  Oh - and prices were completely reasonable.  I think my service fee was $69.
1	I agree with others on this one.  I have been trying to get a wine cooler repaired for months!  The initial appointment went fine.  They charged me an upfront appointment charge of $69 - the technician was here all of about 15 minutes and let me know that he needed to research the problem and find the necessary parts, which he said would take a couple days.  That was the last I heard from him.  I called the company the following week and they said that they were still looking into and would call me back that afternoon or next day.  Another week goes by and I call again - same answer except the receptionist told me she was the person responsible for researching parts.  OK - fine.  She said she would contact me the next day. Another 10 days later and still no follow-up.  Basically I'm back to square one minus $69!  I would not recommend this company.
2	Dish washer broke. Called made an appointment. Stayed home. 20 minutes before the repair guy was to arrive I get a call from the office saying they had to cancel their appointment and reschedule for another day due to "serious vehicle" issues. Was a pretty let down but understood That stuff can come up. Twenty minutes later the repair guy shows up.  I told him his office said he wasn't going to be able to make it. He laughed, said the owner thought they might have been over booked due to one of the other repair guys being in the hospital for the week. Kinda bugged me they tried scrapping my appointment cause of bad planning, but no biggy. The repair guy was great. Friendly, answered a bunch of questions about dish washers. Just a nice guy. Said they would need to order a part and they'd call when it came in and schedule an appointment to finish the repair. Over a month goes by without hearing from them. Finally I give them a call. The receptionist takes my info, says she isn't really sure what the status is of my repair, but she'll find out and give me a call right back. She doesn't call back. One day goes by. Another day goes by. Finally they call, schedule the appointment and fix the machine. So overall, my dish washer got fixed, but could have done without the antics and hassle of pushing them forward.
