4	This place just opened, so I figured to give it a shot. Located just 5 minutes from my house, a great ribs/pork place would be stellar. It was pretty busy for the grand opening, adn we got in line to place our order. The place is very country, but not to the point it looks bad--I actually thought the decor was quite fitting and well done. They also had nice TV's, which is always a good touch. I got the smothered sandwich (pork and cole slaw), and my dad got just pork on Texas Toast. My food was delicious, easily the best pulled pork I've had--yum! It could have been a little more "wet" (if you will), but I just added their original sauce, and it was very good. The cole slaw was very good as well. The fries were also very good, although a bit salty. Service was very good--the training manager from Atlanta was there, and the manager of the store couldn't have been nicer. Thumbs up.Overall, I'd definitely return. I'd be willing to up the stars to 5 after I see consistency my second visit. Thumbs up for Shane's!
4	Visited Shane's for a late lunch this past weekend. It's a small place, located in the strip mall in front of Wal-Mart. You order at the counter, they take your name and give you a glass for your drink, and then they call your name when your order is ready.I ordered the smothered sandwich and a drink for under $10, with a side of potato salad. The food came out fast, and there was plenty of it for lunch. The potato salad was served in a styrofoam container next to the sandwich, which was packed with plenty of pork and cole slaw. I was a big fan of the cole slaw.The food was good, but it wasn't great. It's what I'd expect from a strip-mall barbecue place. I didn't taste much smoke. It doesn't taste like authentic Carolina barbecue to me at all. Still, it's plenty of food and a tasty meal with plenty of tangy sauces to choose from. It's on par with other chain-style barbecue restaurants in the area -  not knock-my-socks-off awesome, but solid and tasty.I recommend this place for families or couples looking for a low-key meal at a decent price. The restaurant is clean, and the service is attentive and friendly.
4	I am not a huge fan of BBQ - especially given the fact that I don't eat pork or beef.  Most BBQ chicken I have found in BBQ restaurants  does not really thrill me.  So when I found out our company ordered a catered lunch from Shane's I was a bit dubious.  However, I must say that I was very pleasantly suprised. The BBQ chicken was delish. It was juicy, tender, and flavorful. The sides that were ordered included green beans and peach cobbler.  The sides were pretty good... not quite as good as home-made, but better than expected.  Way to go Shanes!
4	Shane's is awesome. I usually order the Shack Sampler. It's a WHOLE lot of food. The ribs fall off the bone and their chicken tenders are great. I come here at least twice a month. I've tried all the sauces and haven't been disappointed by any....the fried okra sux tho.
4	Good place to eat for BBQ. Variety of things, but as with any restaurant, go with what they do best - in this case BBQ plate is always a winner.
3	This Shanes really is a nice addition to this area of town.   The staff here is very friendly and really seem to do their best in accommodating everyone that comes in. As far as the food is concerned. ... it's ok but nothing to write home about.   I do enjoy the chicken tenders, but their mac n cheese is typically not as good as I think it could be. Bottom line. .. if your looking for a change. .. this might be it.
4	For a Yankee who's been living in the South for 13 years now and still couldn't care less about barbeque, Shane's is, nonetheless, a favorite of mine when I'm jonesing for sticky and saucy. OK, so the barbecue is still something I'm not a big fan of - sue me - but their ribs are terrific. Some of the best ribs in town, if I do say so.Good sides to be had as well. You can't go wrong with the mac n' cheese, and the salad is surprisingly good. Not the usual wilted green and not-so-red tomatoes. Shane's is a bit pricey, but worth the expense.Warning: a few steps away is the new Krispy Kreme. Between Shane's and the KK, I'll be fat and diabetic in no time.
4	Wonderful pork barbeque!  Get the barbeque plate, it comes with 2 sides an Texas toast. They were also giving out samples of their peach cobbler which was also delicious.
5	The food and service were awesome! I was somewhat skeptical because it is located in a strip mall but I was pleasantly surprised. I highly recommend trying this place - you won't be disappointed!
3	Server was upbeat, friendly and knew her stuff. She made several recommendations since we told her it was our first time there. The food came out quickly and looked good. We ordered ribs with beans and salad. The salad was in a small cup and was just iceberg lettuce with a little cheese. Not great, but ok. The dressing was ok too. The ribs were VERY tough and stringy and COLD. Also, they were nearly impossible to cut apart with the plastic knife (all "silverware" is plastic here). I had to saw away at them and finally gave up. So whoever said the ribs were "fall off the bone," didn't get what we had. The beans were good and the buttered toast was pretty good, too. I will give the place another try to try the BBQ, but I'm not ordering the ribs! That's too bad for a place called Rib Shack.
5	Shane's participated in the Ardrey Kell Athletic Booster Club BBQ for the 2nd year in a row. They were awesome!  We sold pork and chicken plates as well as bulk pounds of BBQ for our biggest fundraiser of the year.  Our customers raved about the food and we received great feedback.  Not only are they a great restaurant, but wonderful community supporters!  Ardrey Kell High School LOVES Shane's!!!
4	Great service here and pretty good BBQ.But the wings we had here was really good and worth just getting them.
3	Not my favorite, but surely OK.  I just don't like the walk up to a window like in a fast food joint to order, usually not easy to determine just what is what with each offering.Have had ribs and pulled pork, both of which are at the 4/5 star level.  Portions are reasonable and beverages are refillable.  Condiments are at locations away from the tables and there are a selection of sauces, but nothing notable.Cleanliness is questionable.  Have only been there for lunch, so more people are passing through, but the worn appearance of the booths and tables along with the not so well lighted interior do not create a crisp, tidy atmosphere.  It is not a classy place or not, but after all, it is a BBQ place.The counter people are very helpful and nice.  The occasional bus person is also customer friendly asking if you need anything.Parking is out front of this strip mall location.We prefer 521 BBQ, but occasionally find ourselves back at Shane's.
3	I tried Shanes after being recommended by a co-worker and I must say i wasnt that impressed. The food is OK, tried botht he chopped chicken and the smoked chicken. The smoked by far was better. The sides are not tasty at all, the fries are even sub-par. The best thing on the menu is ironically the peach cobbler. I know its nice to have something on that side of town, but good food is worth a drive. Its not horrible but just dont go jonesing great BBQ. Service was good.
4	Decent BBQ. Surprised to see they didn't have beef brisket or sausage, but I enjoyed my food. Sweet potato fries are kind of meh, but the ribs were fall of the bone and sauce was pretty good. Not the best barbecue I've had, but I'd eat there again.
2	So underwhelmed. Food wasn't terrible, I have had worse in the land of BBQ but it's not great
5	Thank you Shanes for taking care of our FATman plumbing team today! The service & food was awesomely delicious! I personally enjoyed the lemon pepper chicken wings! Will deff be back!
5	I cant say enough about this place. The food is absolutely amazing. I go here at least once a week on my lunch break. My favorite is the Big Dad Sandwich. Shanes has many different selections of BBQ sauce as well. Portions are HUGE.I have truly never had a bad meal at this place.As for the restaurant itself, the interior has a very cozy and Southern feel to it. The management and staff is great! The managers are all very kind and walk around to see if customers needed anything. All in all, Shanes is everything a BBQ place should be and I love bringing my family here. I highly recommend.
4	Very Good Ribs!   Love the sauce.   The fries and texas toast are just kinda meh.   But really, does anyone come here for the sides?   Nope!   It's all about them juicy, tangy, spicy sweet ribs.    Worth coming back to when I visit next.   :)
4	I have eaten here twice and ordered the half smoked chicken plate.  Very good food and service both times.  It's a bit of a drive but worth it.
5	I really love this place. Will it be the best BBQ you've ever had? Probably not (if you've grown up around here). But you can't beat the pulled pork sandwich for about $5.50 here. For a couple more bucks add a drink and a side (lot of sides to choose from). They also have their own sauces, their mustard sauce is some of the best I've ever had.For what it is, this place gets 5 stars from me any day.
5	We have ate here 3 times now ...definitely recommend   the ribs they are fall off the bone good ..prices are cheap compared to a lot of BBQ in the area and the food is great also good for takeout orders ...the chicken is also awesome ..I've changed the rating from 4 to 5 because you cannot find better ribs in the charlotte area I've tried them all and its hard to believe how consistent they are good every time ..
5	Recommend the sample plate. The ribs were tasty and the Brunswick stew was on point and loaded with that smoky meat. My sides were macncheese and okra. Iwas good and I loved the selection of sauces. The peach cobbler has my vote as well.
4	Coming from Texas, I was disappointed that there are no beef options...I'm a brisket girl. I panicked and got the chicken fingers. They are really good, homemade and juicy. My husband really liked the pulled pork sandwich, which is huge! The place is clean and staff is very friendly.
4	For a quick fix for a BBQ craving this place is great! We got the sampler and it was more than enough for 2 people; we added a side of hush puppies. The ribs were pretty good. Not the best I've ever had but certainly not the worst. The fries were really crispy. I personally prefer softer fries, but they were good. The pork was good. Typical Carolina style. The bread was good. Typical BBQ style as well. The chicken tenders were amazing! We got the BBQ sauce mixed with the hot sauce flavor and it was delicious! The hush puppies were honestly amazing! They were my favorite part! Little pieces of corn. Mmmm mmmm good!
5	Gluten free menu and very GF friendly!Came in one time and the waitress accidentally put toast on my plate. The only tip off she had about me being celiac is that I said to please leave the bread off. She came over and asked if celiac was the reason for asking for no bread. When I said yes, she apologized and explained that she had put the bread on my plate. She went into the kitchen and they remade my plate after they washed their hands and changed their gloves.That kind of understanding and care is hard to find! They have my vote for GF restaurant of the year.
1	I would never order from this place again. I got a $10 certificate in mail as a new resident to the area. So I figured hey why not try it out. Plus it had great reviews. I call in the order and was told 15 minutes. Get there and go to counter to pay and then waited an additional 35 minutes before seeing people who came in and sat down getting there food already. I ask how much longer and he turns around and reaches to a stack of food (that was there when I walked in) and try's to hand me cold food. If the staff here spent less time having long conversations with there friends in line and focused on those who could be potential regulars the issue of my food getting cold wouldn't be an issue. This establishment should also look into a better To-Go strategy rather than having to-go orders and sit down orders waiting in the same line. Truly disappointed but will stick to going to Sticky Fingers which taste better and is a lot closer. Word to the wise who order to-go from this establishment make sure when walking in the food behind counter is not yours.
