4	Apparently I love to get my hair cut while out of town. And coming from a guy who BARELY gets his hair cut (and truthfully, BARELY has any hair to cut) that means that most of the haircuts of the last 5 years of my life have happened at random out of town spots.Well, folks, add Mesa to the mix. That's where I got my hair cut today, and that's the latest locale where I lopped my locks. Men and women of Mesa, take note: you can get your hair cut here, too. You don't have to a be an out of town vagabond. They're here every day chopping away, and you can walk in for a trim. Actually, as I discovered today, they're really pushing this whole "check in online" thing and have a specific app you can also download. I haven't looked at it, but if it sets a reminder for your haircut then I'm totally into it. I only seem to remember at the most inopportune and rushed times (ie. "Oh crud, I'm going to be on TV tomorrow morning and I look like Ringo.")As for the cutters--they weren't the most personable peeps on the block, but when it came down to it they all seemed to know what they were doing. My cutress was a nice enough lady and cut pretty quickly. I didn't get the courtesy ear trim (sexy, I know) but I also didn't ask for it. I did, however, get the courtesy eyebrow trim. So that was a bonus I only seem to get at 1 out of 10 haircutteries.
5	I get my haircut every two weeks...they make me feel like its a small town barbershop..quick and great service..always have some sort of a promotion going on..would recomend
2	I came here because Cost Cutters was closed and I left a bit disappointed.   My cut was fine,  I just went in for a trim but since I was going out after I asked the stylist if she could just blow dry my hair. (Not style, blow dry)She blow dried it, barely put a spritz of hairspray in and we were done. A haircut costs $12...needless to say, I was a bit shocked when I was charged $31.00.I looked at the board and noticed for a "regular style" was $18.  1. I  don't understand how a style costs more than a cut, 2. I was shocked I was charged their full price of a style when all I asked for (and got done) was a simple blow dry.  When I asked for a blow dry, she should have made it known it would cost me an additional $18.I was pretty upset when I walked out and because of that, I won't be back.  I have NEVER paid near that for a blow dry.  $5, maybe. $18?! I don't think so!
5	Always have a good experience every time I get my hair cut here. They also send out coupons, making their service even more affordable. I love the online checkin option, allows me to know when to show up- I don't think I have ever waited more than 2 mins. I definitely recommend them !
1	I would give no stars if I could. My husband and I took my 2 year old who was in desperate need of a haircut. We asked number of times if they were familiar with cutting a child's hair, to which we were told "I have kids of my own, I know how to cut children's hair". Rudely we were asked if we wanted our son on the chair or to hold him. He was naturally terrified of the razor and when he just wouldn't stop crying we had to ask her to stop. She didn't even make an attempt to even win him over or try talking to him. He had hair EVERYWHERE, in his mouth and his ears, we asked politely to use the sink to rinse this out, as he started coughing to which she said "let me ask my boss, there might be a charge"! Are you freaking kidding me? They charged us full price for a half done job and we had to wait for permission to rinse our son off. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE service. Don't go!
