4	I love pei wei. I eat at one of the locations around the valley at least once a week. They have the best Orange Chicken ever. The Crab Puffs are great and if you like something spicy then get the Blazzin Noodles or the Thi Dynamite. The Lo Mein Bowl is delicious as well. I would rather go here than many other asian restaurants in town really.  All dishes can be prepaired with chicken, beef, or shrimp then choose white rice, brown , or you can get fried rice. I have been here many times and never had a bad meal. The prices are great and the amount of food you get is good. They have a few apps including lettuce wraps, edamame, crab puffs, dumplings and other great things.  They also serve bottled beer.
4	I've been a diehard Pei Wei addict for about 5 years now. I pretty much get the same thing every time - 2 Spring Rolls and a Pad Thai with Chicken. And despite other reviews, the pricing is TOTALLY reasonable as a Pad Thai with chicken can easily feed two people. And speaking of the Pad Thai.. this is hands down the best one I think I've ever had. And I've tried quite a few all over the Valley. This location is great although my favorite (and less busy) is the one located a few miles north of this one in The Summit shopping plaza.In fact, I think I'll be getting it for lunch today!
5	Pei Wei is semi-fast food, it's not gourmet but it doesn't pretend to be. Its like PF Chang's slightly goofy little brother- its got the same basic ideas and ingredients, but its not as refined. But it doesnt want to be.That said, I like it when I want something fast to pick up after work that I know will be a good decent meal for the money. Last night I got Blazing noodles with chicken (JD's fav) and some chicken fried rice. For 14 bucks and change we had enough food for an 80's movie food fight even after we were finished eating. Were our taste buds blown away by amazing flavor and pizzaz? Heck no, but we were happily satisfied,  carb loaded and ready to drift off to dreamland with a slight odor of soy sauce in the air.
4	Kung pao chicken is my favorite, got the crab wantons and they were very good. I ordered a head of time and the order was ready for pickup when I arrived. I have been to this location 2 times now and the chain more many times.
5	When we moved from Roseville, CA to Phoenix I was very happy to find out that the Pei Wei's here were still open.  Unfortunately all the Pei Wei's in California shut down over a year ago and I lost out on quick good Chinese food that is very similar to PF Chang's (same owner).  The only issue out here in Phoenix is that they have dulled down the food for some reason.  My favorite dish is the Mandarin Kung Pao Chicken, but I have to remember to ask for it to be spicy, which is crazy.  You should have to ask for it to be less spicy, it's Kung Pao for crying out loud.  Anyhow, I've also noticed this at PF Chang's where I have to ask for the spicy dishes there to have the heat increased.  Also the Crab Wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce.  My only problem is that the two locations closest to me are not that close and are about equidistant from where I live so I can't stop and pick some up on the way home like I did in Roseville.  Still glad they are here though.
4	Great food, service was quick, great place for a quick lunch.
4	As most of us know Pei Wei is a subsidiary of P.F changs. Both are excellent eats; but for the money; I am taking  Pei Wei. The average meal is around 9 dollars; with good size portions. I have gone to many Pei Wei's but for some reason the service here just seems to be a step above the others. I definitely recommend the crab won tons; and te lettuce wraps are truly delicious. Best part is if you want it with more mushrooms or extra spicy; they will accommodate! You can see how I like my Mongolian beef! lol
4	God I love Pei Wei.It's not the greatest and its certainly not the most authentic Asian food...but it is just so good.  I can't think of a time where I have ever turned down going to Pei Wei, whether it be for dining in or taking out.  It was one of the things I missed the most when I went to college out in CA, my visit's back to Scottsdale always had to include a trip to Pei Wei.It's relatively cheap, quick, easy...and always tasty (& consistent).  They seem to add new things to their menu pretty often, and most everything they have is good.  I've probably tried nearly everything on the menu at some point over the years, but my fav's are probably Mandarin Kung Pao, Mongolian, or Honey Seared.  Oh and I ALWAYS have to get a side of Mongolian sauce for my rice...yum.I'm getting a Pei Wei craving just thinkin' about it.  Sigh, I wish they were open late, like they most likely would be if this were a "real" city.
3	I don't know how the folks at Pei Wei prepare their tofu, but it's just the right texture--sort of seared on the outside and tender on the inside. The sauce is a bit much, but the vegetables are well-prepared, as is the rice. The orange tea is delicious, as well. For this vegan, it's a good, quick meal.
1	Terrible.  My wife and I went there early afternoon on Thursday.First, the counter attendant commits the ultimate faux pas:"Are you together?"Well duh, it's 2010.  Two wedding bands, my wife has lineage from Germany and Sweden and me, somewhere in N. Africa, but at least greet me before telling me that my wife of 10 years and I don't look like a couple.Next, the food was miserable.I had an "Orange Peel Beef" and the dish felt like someone breaded beef jerky, fried it hard and poured a bottle of mystery sauce over it.  All of the chili sauce at Pei Wei's couldn't save the dish.   Any vegetables in the dish had the consistency of something unpacked out of the freezer and dumped right in the deep fat fryer.  Again, I ask myself, why in the world can't we get at least basically edible Chinese in Arizona?My wife, or colleague as the front counter attendant assumed, ordered some chicken dish.Again, over-breaded, had the taste and consistency of an order of McDonalds McNuggets drenched in a tub of sweet 'n sour sauce and poured over white rice.This was literally the first time we went back to our home and dug out leftovers after spending almost $30 on lunch.  Literally, my best experience about our meal at Pei Wei was the drive home.  Three of three strikes, shame on us for giving it another shot.Pei Wei was awesome about three years ago, but now it's to the level of Paradise Valley Mall food court and that sucks.  This place needs an enormous amount of customer service training and at least a weekend "food stand-down" and retraining of the chef's.I was HEAVILY disappointed.  Again.
5	Amazing Asian Chicken salad!
5	We get PeiWei at work a lot and they are awesome. I love their Viet. wraps & veggie pad thai!They always have the take- out order fast and food is great!
4	Pei Wei is one of our favorite lunchtime spots. My coworkers and I were forlorn when this location was closed for about a week for renovations, but alas, we were delighted when it reopened last week. It was a bit of a puzzle trying to figure out exactly what had changed within the restaurant because nearly everything looked pretty much the same. Maybe it got a little brighter inside?? The good news is that the menu is still the same, and the service is still great. What I like a lot about this location is that the servers will help you hold a table if they see that you're waiting in line as a group. I only wish that I could get this kind of service at other quick service restaurants! Heck, I can't even remember how many times I've been left hanging with my tray in my hands and nowhere to sit at In-n-Out Burger. My coworkers and I have never had any problems waiting or getting a table together at Pei Wei even when it's super busy, which is much appreciated. The food is typical Asian fare, but with a deluxe restaurant twist--after all, the place is owned by P. F. Changs. I prefer coming to Pei Wei over going to Panda Express or other quick service Asian restaurants because I can easily customize my order. Each meal (that I know of) is individually prepared, so you can ask to hold certain ingredients from your chosen dishes. The Mandarin Kung Pao chicken is my favorite, and even though I hold the onion and garlic, it's still super flavorful. The portions are pretty big, so when I practice some self control, I'm able to turn my meal into lunch and dinner at home. Overall, Pei Wei's awesome for great service and customizable food options, so I recommend it as a relatively yummy and painless lunch break from work.
4	Kung Pao Chicken. I used to enjoy the Kung Pao Scallops. Not sure why they removed it from the menu. It is so large I have lunch for the next day. Love being able to order online and customize my families orders.
4	yummy food we ordered as we rolled back into town from SD. It was hot, delicious and just as we expected. Got the lettuce wraps, the crab won tons, spicy Mandarin Kong pow, chicken pad tai and honey chicken for the kiddo's...
4	Great menu offering at a good value. Nice atmosphere and easy to get in and out for a quick meal. When the complex is busy, parking at times could present a challenge.
4	Nice spot to grab a casual lunch or dinner. Always fast service and a clean dining room. Their Chai Iced Tea is really good, and they have a fancy coca cola machine you can experiment with to create a unique drink.My favorite entrees are Thai Dynamite with crispy chicken and Caramel chicken. You can choose white, brown, or fried rice. You can also add a side of rice for only 50 cents.I love the diner select menu. It offers a few of the entrees in a smaller portion size and comes with an egg roll or wonton soup. At $6.25, it's a great deal and you don't feel stuffed afterwards.
1	Terrible food, terrible service.I ordered chicken fried rice. The waiter brings me a bowl and says, "chicken fried rice, right?" I look into the bowl and it's a bowl of brown rice. This must be a joke. I tell him that's wrong, and next me brings me a bowl of rice, seemingly fried?, with vegetables and no chicken. I bring that back to the counter and say my order had chicken in it, bringing my receipt along. So finally, they bring me a bowl of chicken fried rice.Or at least their version of it.I didn't think it was possible to actually screw up something as simple as chicken fried rice. The rice itself was cheap long grain rice. It was inedible due to the how stale/hard it was. Like absolutely no water absorption. And the rice was all covered in something that made it very wet and practically slimy. Disgusting. I have no idea how people can eat this.Oh, and that server who brought me the brown rice and claimed it was fried rice tried to bring lettuce wraps to the table next to me saying it was their salad. There's a nice picture on the wall which shows you what the salad is supposed to look like, and it's not lettuce wraps.The best thing about my meal was the fountain drink, which cost $1.85. The Circle K in the same plaza has bigger cups for 99 cents.
3	This Pei Wei is a mixed bag.  Really nice looking place - especially for a fast food restaurant.  Diverse menu, but surprisingly not very healthy being heavy on the fried and light on the veggies.  Prices not bad, especially in NoSco.  Servers are treated like idiots.  My girl had to stand around for 5 minutes doing nothing while she waited for the one person they entrusted with The Card That Can Issue Refunds to give me my refund when the girl with The Card overcharged me - needless to say, I was standing around, too.  Lots of food on the plate so I definitely left full.  A-OK
1	We ordered the shrimp lo mein and beef and vegetable dish. The lo mein has horrible, bland, no flavor even with extra sauce. The vegetables with the beef were raw. I never had such bad food at any other pei wei before
2	Why, oh why, do I aways give a Pei Wei another try?  Probably because the prices aren't bad, the menu looks like it should be excellent, and the quality of the food isn't that bad considering the restaurant is quick service.  But, having said that, I never leave a Pei Wei fully satisfied, and this location is no exception.My girlfriend and I both ordered off the "Low Fare Dinner Menu."  To make a long story short; you can save a few dollars by getting less of the protein, more rice than I can eat, and a small side.  I had Honey Chicken with brown rice and a spring roll.  My girlfriend had Mongolian Chicken with brown rice and a spring roll.  It should be hard to complain for just $6.25 each, but the food wasn't very good.  The Honey Chicken (which was quite flavorful) only came with five or six bite sized pieces of chicken, and the Mongolian Chicken was so over sauced that the rest of plate had no other taste.  The spring roll wasn't anything that couldn't be microwaved from out of our freezer, and I got bored of the rice.The only saving grace to this meal was spending less than $20.00 on dinner for two.
4	I'm a fan for sure.  I love tofu and I've been searching for a place that serves it the way I like it - thin, crisp and loaded with flavor...Pei Wei has it all covered!  Throw in brown rice with a firm texture, sriracha on the table and two unique and delicious iced teas and I'm in heaven!!!I've had lunch there a few times and had take out twice.  You have a tofu option at just about every turn which is a real bonus.  I've been stuck on the Thai Dynamite the last three times but I have also loved the Kung Pao and Sesame tofu as well.Service at lunch has been extremely fast but it's a small place so you're not guaranteed a place to sit.  I wish they put more veggies in the dish but I'll get over it if they keep cooking the tofu to perfection.Prices are fair for the big plate of food you get...$10 something for Thai Dynamite, brown rice and a large drink - fair enough in my book considering I could have had a second lunch from the leftovers.
5	Love this place.  The menu is varied and they will customize any dish for you.  They have great vegetarian options.  I love their  tofu and veggies.  I usually order the sauce on the side.  My favorite dish is tofu and veggies over fried rice.  The portions are large.  If you check the nutritional stats on their website most of the dishes are 2 servings, which is nice to know if you are counting calories, but not so nice when you know that you've chowed down the whole dish because it's so delish.  They also have a gluten free menu and a kids menu.
1	It was our first experience at this chain and will be our last.  We only went there in the first place because we were real hungry and had limited choices in this shopping center.  Nothing came close to tasting anything like Chinese food. It's just gross.  We can't figure out why so many of these places exist and why anyone would want to eat at one.
4	It's PF Changs cheaper cousin and I actually like it much better.I've never been a fan of Changs.  Even after running the R&R marathon and getting various coupons and deals, which had us eating there several times, I never bonded at all.Not so at Pei Wei.  I like their food, it's hot and fresh, there is a nice selection to choose from, and the value is there.
5	I went to this Pei Wei location for the first time on Thursday and had a great experience. Cheap prices as usual, great service and it wasn't bust at all which meant my food came out very fast! My food was brought over to my table and (I was with my friend) got up to go get silverware and the girl who brought our food over to us said she'd get forks and chop sticks for us which I thought was very nice. Definitely coming back to this Pei Wei for a fast awesome tasting lunch!
5	Never been a fan of PF Changes, what I always thought was the equivalent of over priced Chinese microwave dinners. Well they did it right with Pei Wei. Lots of fresh food for great prices. And we had excellent fast service when we went. I recommend the Thai chicken lettuce wraps. Amazing!
3	This place is consistent. Nothing earth shattering about their menu. I tend to order the honey chicken every single time. They like to give me white rice, even though I always ask for brown. They are always busy around lunch, and they don't seem to have enough bussers to keep up with the turn over. The fortune cookies are always stale. I do like that they have oranges available for the iced tea.
4	My family and I have been eating at Pei Wei for years. The menu is not traditional Chinese; they have their own unique dishes and preparation, which seems to bother some other reviewers, but we enjoy the food for what it is. We generally stick with the original menu items from years back, like the Mongolian beef and Spicy shrimp. We have not tried the new smaller dinners and wraps. Over the past year or so, the portion sizes have gotten noticeably smaller, but the quality of the food has remained consistently good. The only exception is the Kung Pao beef. This used to be prepared with a fairly heavy coating of potato starch, giving the beef a stiff consistency I really liked. Lately, however it is mostly just flaccid meat with lots of sauce. I wish they would bring the old recipe back. We occasionally order take out online. The web site is easy to use, and they never mess up an order. The food is always ready on time. The restaurant is clean and family friendly, and the staff is efficient and courteous. It continues to be a family favorite.  (Please fix the Kung Pao beef...)
3	Pei Wei is a descent option when you are looking for food that is pretty quick.  It also tastes good, so that helps too!I like the sweet and sour chicken -  Cantonese sweet and sour sauce, red ginger, onions, green bell peppers, and pineapple.Tasty ginger at this location.
4	This is the best Pei Wei in the area. Food taste great 95% of the time! They do need to improve on keeping the dining room clean and sanitized.
5	Manager offered me a free Veg Fried Rice while waiting for the food to come at my table. Best place.
2	This is not authentic Chinese food, it's American food with Chinese sounding names. If you like Panda Express, you'll like Pei Wei
4	Love the chicken fried rice on the spicy side.  The manager here at this location is awesome she runs a good crew. Stop by if you have a chance it's worth it.
4	How can you go wrong with anything at Pei Wei. I stop in here at least once a week to grab lunch and it's always been fresh, hot and quick. I love that they now have a smaller size portion of your favorite dish or the regular size. Even the small portion is a good size and I still usually have leftovers.Definitely one of my favorites to head to for a good lunchtime meal.
1	I saw a post about how the service goes down when they are busy.....and I agree! Ordered online, it was about 10 minutes overdue (change the pick up time!), and then the fried rice had lumps of rice......just not worth the price.  And, rude counter help doesn't help at all.....
