5	Although I ended up missing out on the Grand Opening for this store, I was glad to hear that they were bringing back their customary 20% off discount (during their grand openings) during Black Friday.  I initially debated about whether or not I wanted to fight through the Town Square traffic (sidestepping the Fry's pandemonium on the other side) and parked at Whole Foods--since I'm still not all that familiar with Town Square. Lol.  While walking around aimlessly, I accidentally found Patty's Closet (just a bit behind California Pizza Kitchen and close tot he Sanrio and Body Shop stores.  Luckily, it wasn't packed (like it is during grand opening events), but there were still a few shoppers milling around.  As is customary, I immediately found a bunch of cute tops and dresses, and had a fitting room started for me.  After I finished trying everything on, I eventually settled on a few items.  I must say that even though they have plenty of locations throughout the Valley, I'm still surprised at the variety and many types of clothing, shoes, and accessories that they carry.  Thankfully the sales ladies were quite friendly, helpful, and willing to dispense some fashion tips to me, since I'm not exactly the most fashionable or daring when it comes to clothing.I'm glad to see that at this location, that they did have more fitting rooms, since I'm assuming that there will be plenty of foot traffic due to their reputation, as well as prime location.  That was a main concern of mine when I went to the Centennial Hills opening, since it seemed like there were close to 100 women crammed into the building, with all of us trying to find a fitting room at the same time.I'll definitely continue to give these stores my business, since they definitely not how to keep their prices reasonable and their styles fresh and innovative, while appealing to all types of demographics simultaneously.Thank you, thank you, thank you!  I look forward to making more trips to this store, and some of the others in the Southwest, fairly soon.
5	I have heard so much about this store, and I was so glad I was able to visit! I didn't buy anything, but I saw lots of cute stuff decorating the tables and racks. I was originally intimidated by the store - but the girl working was really sweet and helpful. She even gave me a card for 20% off an item. I hope to go back before we leave Las Vegas and see if I can snag something pretty to take home. :)
5	I love Patty's Closet. So much so that I have even visited the store while in other cities (Portland, OR) to introduce it to my out-of-town friends. It makes me proud to see this local company grow, opening and franchising across our city and the country.So what makes this store different from the rest? First, the location. I love Town Square and now I have another store to visit whenever I am there. Second, the style of clothing they carry. Patty's Closet has an overall style, but each location does have a different personality. One of the sharply dressed sales ladies described it best: since the store is located in an area of the mall near stores like Chicos, they get a lot of older women that peruse the store. Many of them request to see longer lengths in skirts and sleeves. The result? More choices in stylish pants, maxi dresses, knee length skirts and jackets. Another reason I love this location: the employees. They personalize your shopping experience and are very helpful in helping you find what you are looking for. It always amazes me when I am remembered at an establishment. But then again, when you frequent a store enough to the be the Duchess (as of this moment), I guess they would become familiar with my mug....Now I don't know about you, but some of the dresses I find at a Patty's closet can be pretty short on me. So I appreciate the fact that I can come to this store and find something to wear when I'm not going out to a club.
4	Loving her boutiques - I have visited at least 3 so far & always find something to walk out with...The idea of the store is that they only make 3 of each size, therefore, making you feel kind of unique when you know that not everyone will be owning / wearing what you bought... nice concept!btw, the sales associates at each location are - SUPER!I had the pleasure of meeting Patty as well & she is a gem!your constant companion,~deirdra
4	This is a great little boutique located in Town Square. In a mall full of chain stores it is refreshing to find a locally owned boutique.I had been meaning to drop in for some time because I had heard about it from our Community Manager Misti. I finally checked it out over the holidays. They have a cute an limited selection of clothes and accesories to ensure that no other person will be wearing your same outfit. I like that. Itried on a couple of things and although nothing really fit me tht well, I will return soon when I am in need of a cute little party dress.
1	Only 1 of each size, it seems to me clothes fit irregular. Ex.: buttons not sewn same distance apart on different shoulders. I have a few friends who rave about this store, don't know why. I've tried on 4 or 5 occasions to find something here with no luck. I won't be back ever again! If you're a size 8 or up, definitely wouldn't waste your time...all sizes run small!
4	I love the quirky collection of unusual jewelry and garments that are offered here and service was quite warm and friendly.  I had luck finding a necklace that from a distance looked like a delicate antique brooch but up close was actually a skeleton.  For some reason that combo just struck me as funny and I enjoy wearing it.
2	They're only getting a two for their decent prices. Beginning of rant:  I am nowhere considered a big woman.  I wear anywhere between a five and a seven in pants.  I am busty, I will say that, coming in at a 36D.  Yet, my experience at trying on a pair of pants and a shirt left me feeling like I needed to go find a toilet and barf out my lunch.  How is it that I grab a size L in a pair of black jeans, that are sort of on the stretchy side, and I can't get these things up over my thighs????  So I said screw it and decided to try on the shirt.  I had a medium and wasn't surprised that I couldn't bring the edges anywhere close to being considered together.  So I asked for a L; didn't have one.  I tried on another shirt that was a large and it mashed my boobs down so flat, I could've used it if I ever decided to dress like a man, or go running.I was so annoyed that I handed the clothes back to the attendant, who told me "yeah, the sizes tend to run a little small here."  A little???? I was cringing thinking what a small in these pants would have been like.  I size -4????  I called my friend who does wear larger sizes than me and told her don't even think about coming there unless she wanted a stretchy t-shirt something, leggings or jewelry.  Nothing else would fit.If you think I'm making this up and I'm just a large person in denial, that's fine.  But I was so pissed off that I took my kids over to Hot Topic for their time bleeding my bank account dry.  There I bought a pair of size 7 black jeans that fit me like a glove.  I plan to add studding to them just like the ones I saw at PC.  Very little annoys me, but don't mess with my clothes.  I have enough annoyances in my world that makes things hard to come by, other than just being pissy from time to time.  When I do see something in the boutique world that I want, I feel like I've come across a holy grail. These pants were uber cute, so I'm being an absolute brat about it.  I could have lived with the fact had they simply not had my size.  Those are the breaks.  However, when it should be my size, but appears as though it would fit my 98-pound co-worker, that's really bad!
5	A great store for accessories and clothes.  I came across some jewelry by a local artist who uses recycled pieces like Scrabble letters.  What made it even better is that it was Hello Kitty!  I was in love!  Great prices too and always friendly people.
4	This tiny little boutique inside Town Square mall had cute clothing at very reasonable prices. It reminded me if our Kisha Studio in SF's inner richmond district, where the owner selects a few peices in each size of trendy apparel. I ended up buying two shirts ftom them but due to poor reception in the area was not able to check in on yelp, so I missed out on the 20% off check in offer, sadly. Anyway, if you're into shopping local, unique and for affordable prices, I recommend Patty's Corner over the overpriced stores on the strip! :)
5	Hands down the absolute best customer experience I have ever had in a retail setting. While in the store, Juan, the owner and this gal Kimberly were the sweetest, most helpful people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. The owner gave me an awesome recommendation for a very cute black jacket with gold studs on the shoulders, and I picked out 3 other tops. The owner was completely spot on with his recommendation, and I ended up purchasing both the jacket and another black top. The whole time I was in the store, both Juan and Kimberly checked up on me multiple times, and we had some very pleasant conversations. I told Juan that I loved the jacket so much that I was going to put it on right then and there, and he had Kimberly steam it before I walked out. I have been to different Pattys Closet locations in the past, and have always had great experiences, but this one left a gigantic smile on my face while I walked out in my new super hot black jacket. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, not only for the super cute clothing and great prices, but also for the smiling faces and pleasant conversations that you are sure to see!
5	I hate trying on clothes so to my surprise a top that I bought didn't fit but I didn't know until I put the top on 1 week after purchasing. Returns/Exchanges must be made within 14 days of purchase and I was now 30 days late but I asked for an exchange anyway. They allowed me to exchange the top and fortunately, it was still there and in my size! Thank you Patty's Closet, I'll surely be back. Great clothes and exceptional customer service.
