4	Just beer, no fuss: local brews and friendly smiles. Stopped in here today two hours after it opened and found out I missed a crazy lunch rush. Thankful for that. With all the other dining options now at 7th Street Public Market, beer is all they needed to be a success. Will be a regular here for sure, and the place will definitely do well.
5	Love a good local beer, this is the place to stop and shop.  The 7th street public market is complete with vendors and a great place to enjoy lunch, grab a few unique things and enjoy time with friends and family it's got something for everyone. Now Tank's Tap is a new favorite, great local beers on tap and plenty of other craft beer in the fridge. Staff is fantastic and oh so friendly, grab a beer and order something to eat at one of the great lunch spots and they will bring your order over to you at the bar. Sports fan no problem games are on the TV, just a fun spot all around to enjoy a break. Oh and their growler fill system keeps your growler fresh for 2-3 weeks.  Love this place!
5	Awesome place to get a beer or 5!  I love that no matter what you want to eat inside the 7th street market they'll deliver it to you.   The beer is mostly local and it's always tasty.The bartenders are quite knowledgable about tastes of beer and what you'll like.   Can't get enough of this place!!
4	Thanks to Tank's Tap now there are even more options for beer in 7th street market.  A U shaped bar with about 8 taps that are always rotating and a cooler of some other nc beers should keep you quenched.  Also, I noticed they had some specialty beers in the fridge ( Triple C's Dude Imbibes yum!) and some non local beer as well.  This is a great place to keep the buzz going while waiting on the light rail
4	Just when I thought 7th Street Public Market couldn't get any better... then they go and do this. Insert slow clap here.Tank's Tap is a little u-shaped bar situated between Not Just Coffee and the new crepe place. A ton of local beers on draft and also some non-draft options in the cooler. My favorite part: they have a TV. Caught the first half of the Army-Navy game here on Saturday. Hungry? Grab food from one of Tank's many neighbors in the market and enjoy a beer at the bar. Or, take the beer outside for some people watching and soak up a beautiful afternoon.Parking tip: the market has a machine to validate parking at the 7th Street parking deck for 90 minutes. Validation is self serve and located next to Bonsai (the sushi place).
