5	This was a great place.  There is a sense of precision and elegance not always present in ethnic food.  The pumpkin or potato something or others were great and delicate, crisply crepe like with a subtle level of spicing and a touch of yogurt elegantly decorating the dish.  The kabobs, the chicken and lamb were nicely spiced.  The pilau was very nice and delicate with touches of lamb and raisins inside of it.  Even the chicken soup was very nicely done.
5	Delicious afghani dishes prepared with care and it shows!  The kebabs are moist and fragrant with spices like cumin and sumac.  The rice dishes are filling and well balanced flavours .  Try the "dogh" yogurt drink... Very refreshing!  This place is run by husband/wife duo and the service was warm and friendly.  A definite must-try and will be returning often!
4	Solid food obviously prepared with passion by a friendly husband/wife team. Tried two palow dishes - the lamb was incredible. Cut like butter. I will definitely be back to try some other dishes from Aryana.
5	Thought i would try this place for dinner with a few friends. This is a real mom and pop restaurant. The food is prepared by the owners and cooked fresh to order. We tried a number if different dishes. The pumpkin appetizer was very good. Much better than i would have thought. We also tried the mantoo app which were great meat dumplings with a yoghurt sauce. For the main i ordered the Kabuli palow which came with the moistest pieces of lamb. The best part was the price a large app and main for under 20$. Next time i will be sure to try the many desserts.
5	Discovered Afghan food here; wonderful aromatic spiced dishes and warm service. Everything I had was delicious from the mantoo dumplings to the eggplant, beef kebabs and rice. BYOW is a definite +++
5	Greeted with a smile in this warm family (couple) run restaurant. Wonderful home cooking- fresh, with different flavours than the typical Indian or Middle Eastern foods we all have all the time. Really really tasty, nice presentation and made to order. My wife enjoyed her eggplant appetizer (me too) and we both also enjoyed the vegetarian dumpling with leek, lentils, etc...  My main dish was a lamb with rice and wife had a spinach dish. Bread was cross between pita and nan and also excellent. For those who like some spice, there were 2 side containers on each table with a hot sauce and another semi hot sauce with green herbs or something that were both very tasty. Fresh mint tea for $1.50 and all in all a real find which unfortunately we didn't find till today. But we will definitely be back. The server (wife) was extremely friendly, helpful and even had some humour. Husband did the cooking. Not fast food, but not slow either. To me speed was just right.
