2	Driving by to get groceries the other day I spied the words - "frozen yogurt" and "self serve". In my hood! Hells yes! So tonight I visited after having seen the "now open" banner thrown up.Decor is sparce with some bright, vibrant orange walls and a few tables inside and a couple just outside. Two young girls stood behind the toppings counter who barely looked old enough to be working a register while an older woman (owner? mother?) stood aside watching over. I don't know why but this just left me feeling a little uncomfortable.As for the yogurt, there are 8 dispensers on the wall. Flavors were pretty standard - plain tart, yellow cake batter, vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, etc. It would have been nice to see more tart flavors than just plain. Tonight, however, I opted for the pumpkin pie (yesssss) swirled with chocolate. Hm. BIG mistake. I don't know what chocolate mix they are using but it claims to have fat-burning properties. Maybe so, but it tastes like frozen Carnation Instant Breakfast or Ensure. It was chalky, nasty and overpowered everything. Not a drop of pumpkin flavor was to be had. Talk about heartbreaking. This girl loves her pumpkin, you see. Now I will give them this... they just opened up and as such I will update this once they get things going a bit more. Opening just didn't wow me. I've had better elsewhere and will likely continue going to that elsewhere.
5	Very good flavors, better quality than other yogurt places. The comments about the chocolate tasting like diet drink is really far fetched. The chocolate is the best we have tried. 5 stars for sure.
5	Went back again. Good stuff!
4	They are the perfect guilty pleasure.  The food is low cal (compared to Ice Cream), the prices are very reasonable, and the options, choices, selection is amazing!  Whats the catch you ask?  It is SELF SERVE!You pick the yogurt, you add the toppings, they weigh it and you pay.  We did a family of three (and my wife heaped it on) for less than $9.00.They do have a TV, but it is always tuned to Disney or Nicelodeon - That's my only complaint.
