4	I used to have total issues with Costcos in California; I always got claustrophobic in their dimly lit warehouses packed with zooming carts and crying kids.  I'd never go on Fridays or weekends because those days were particularly difficult to even find parking!  So it has come to my great relief that even on weekends one can find parking at this Costco.  I have never yet been blindsided by a cart full of crying kids.  The queue for their cheap gas is never ten cars deep.  A hot dog combo is still $1.50.  I even spied a whole display of Nintendo Wii's there during the holiday consumer rush!However, no 5 stars for this Costco, as they NEVER carry my staples of caffeine free Diet Coke or Nutella.
3	I would like to preface this review by saying I'm not a Superfan of Costco. (I am under the belief that you either shrug at the idea of Costco, or you are part of their massive cult of followers who find ways to inject their favorite place into every conversation. "Oh, yes, I got mine at Costco for just 25 dollars! Can you believe it?" "I was at Costco this weekend and ..." "You know who has the best pitas? No, not Haji Babas, whatever that is, but COSTCO!" God, you people freak me out.)Anyway, I will say they get huge accolades from me with their tire center. I am a Costco member now, but I was not in 2006 when I needed 4 new tires. So my sister went with me to get the good deal and that was that. Cut to yesterday, when my rear tire disintegrated during my morning commute. The same sister brought to my attention their 5-year warranty (this is a Costco warranty, not the manufacturer's, which sounds exceedingly less headache inducing to deal with). So I call and the guy on the phone surprisingly answers in less than 15 rings, is very helpful and does not rush me like every other car service phone conversation I've ever had. (Am I the only person who does not have their car's tire size committed to memory?) Plus they're open until 8p. I feared they would come up with a reason not to cover the damage under warranty (I expected to have to answer some 8-page questionnaire on car maintenance and provide documentation or something), but the service guy was incredibly casual about the whole thing, and in the end pro-rated the $70 replacement tire (new) to less than $20! He said the tire was "about a year old." I don't where he got that from, but I didn't argue. They also waived the installation/mounting fee, just 'cause. Kudos to you, Costco. Now I'm running around like one of them Superfans telling everyone how great you are. Oh, you are good, aren't you?
4	Everyone knows you can get bulk items at Costco and other items (electronics cheaper). My rating is going to be about other features.The Tempe Costco is far different than the locations I've experienced in California (San Jose, Mt. View, Sunnyvale etc). This Costco always has ample lanes open and rarely have I seen a line more than 2 or 3 carts deep. I think the longest I've waited in line is 10 minutes. At Costco, that is superb. Most times, the wait is no more than 5 minutes and I've gone at all times during the week and weekend.  I never understood why you would have 15 registers, but only half open (espeically on weekends). This Costco always seems to have the right amount of registers open with very few idle to meet the demand of the customers.The Staff is always willing to assist you with an item. The folks handing out samples are very friendly and provide information on the product.Restrooms are also clean.The only downside of Costco is the parking situation. Although the parking isn't nearly as bad as other locations I've gone too, you still have to deal with issues as carts in parking spots or stray carts because folks are too lazy to place in the proper location. Another issues is people blocking traffic to get that closer spot even if the parked car is just starting to load their items and takes 5 minutes to do so. Do yourself a favor and park in the area where less cars are at. More often than not, you'll be walking by the folks who are still waiting to park. The stray carts still might be a problem.I'm always a fan of the snack bar and the many food items and treats you get here. $1.50 hot dog and soda combo, the pizza for 1.99 etc.  Remember, Costco, only accepts Cash, Debit, Amex or check.
2	I remember when this Costco was the one I loved, but I have since moved on.... Apparently the chain has deemed this one less deserving of certain premium items that were temporarily available at other Costco stores, namely the Kirkland label scotch and port, as well as several other items in the same category.  If only I had known, I would have grabbed the scotch at whatever other store I recently visited.  But instead I decided to wait until going to this store last night.  No dice.Also, on another visit, they hassled me about a costco.com return.  Sorry, but I'm accustomed to better from my beloved warehouse store.  Be cursed, Tempe Costco.  I will find solace in the loving embrace of another location.
5	First note the Costco food court only accepts cash. With that said it takes very little cash to have a great meal. I stop in here frequently for a quick lunch or dinner. The hot dog and a soda combo is only $1.62 with tax. That includes a Hebrew National all beef jumbo hot dog and a fountain drink with free refills. There are also free toppings for your hot dog including onions sour kraut and the usual ketchup and mustard. If you are feeling more adventurous there are polish sausages available as well.If a hot dog is not your fancy there is pizza by the slice or by the pie. If you wish to have a veggie pizza you must buy an entire pie. This pizza is decent with a sturdy crust and generous amounts of toppings. The slices are quite large and once can would be a sufficient meal. for desert there are many great options, there is a incredible hand dipped ice cram bar covered in a thick shell of chocolate with optional free nuts. Frozen yogurt can be had in chocolate or vanilla or with berries for just a bit more. There is the famous churro, no longer must you go to Disneyland or Mexico for this Latino delight. There are also mocha and berry smoothies that challenge the offerings of the best coffee shops. Dining is pick nick style, first come first serve at the tables. There is an additional seating annex with great window views of Tempe.
5	I just stopped in tonight after the gym, I was a bit stinky and what better way to fix that than 16 bars of soap.It was late 8:15 when I walked in :15 before close. This is a great time to shop when you are in a rush. It was empty, and the lines were short.Despite benign the end of a long day the low turnover staff was great and personally recognized me and greeted me.
2	I decided to go to this location because its closer than the Scottsdale one where I originally got my contact lens prescription. Next time I will drive to Scottsdale to avoid the terrible service. Ended up waiting nearly 30 minutes just to get my new contacts. There was only one guy working the optical department and a massive amount of people and phone calls coming in. Obviously they need to staff better because you could tell he was getting flustered and was blatantly rude to a couple of the customers ahead of me. For my new (disposable) contacts it was $50. $50 for a two-week prescription! Are you freaking kidding me? Needless to say I went in with a headache and left with a migraine.Oh and on top of that I thought getting a slice of delicious Costco pizza would help after such a crap experience but alas I was wrong. The lady at the food court (again there was only ONE person working) was rude and I felt I was in a drill line. She literally threw my receipt at me. Well, geeze thanks. Oh and the pizza definitely didn't taste like the Costco pizza I'm used to.Furthermore, what the hell is wrong with people who live over here? Not only were the employees rude but so were the customers.Three strikes and I'm out of there.
5	Love this place. I thought twice before I went as this is the Friday of Labor Day Weekend! Went right in, not very busy at all, no waiting in line, only one person in front of me. Everyone is very friendly and polite here. I got gas for $2.50 a gallon. Great Value and Customer Service!
3	Great prices for pretty much anything you need.  I just hate how long it takes to check out on weekends.   The other thing un-related directly to costco is how stupid the people in the parking lot are.  Also if you want to avoid your car being door dinged (idiots loading cars, and not watching their cars--or resting their cart against your car)  take the extra 20seconds and park further away.
5	I think any costco has the same level of awesome customer service and products. This location is the one I have been going to for nearly 3 years. Their return policy is SPECTACULAR! Anytime I have had a problem with ANYTHING I have bought, they take it back, no questions asked, no hassle at all. There have been times I bought a flat of fruit, 3 days after buying it the fruit went bad and they exchanged it no problem. Also love their little food court, where else can you feed a family of 3 for under $10?! Great treat after an hour long shopping excursion :)
4	Summary based on 1 visit:--close to I10--has a gas station, those two factoids, by themselves are the reason I'm reviewing--if you're here anyway to get gas and need something to eat, cheap food court
2	So I had my daughter and one of her friends with me and decided to brave a Costco visit.  They have lots of samples and toys.  We tried a lot of samples, but didn't play with the toys much this visit.  We went to gets some cheese for the cheese fair on Wednesday at my daughter's after school program.  So naturally, what would take me five minutes turned into half an hour.  I picked up a pack of Babybel Cheese for the cheese fest and headed to the cashiers.  As usual, there was a longer-than-the-supermarket wait.  It's finally my turn, and I give the cashier my card, and he tells me that it is expired.  "Can we get a manager on aisle 4 please!!"  So the manager comes over, and the cashier pleads my case like a champ, "His card expired and he just wants to get the bag of cheese, he'll renew next time."  I would have renewed then, but, of course, my MasterCard and Visa are no good at Costco.  I have the cash for the cheese, but not for the renewal as well.  The manager looks at my accounts and tells me that it has been expired since May, and that he can't let me buy the cheese.  So apparently my wife and I hadn't been to Costco since before May, but I'm sure it appeared as if I were a serial non-renewer.  That might be plausible if I weren't buying a single 24 pack of Babybels.  Yeah, I'm refusing to renew so that I can buy well priced cheese wrapped in wax.  The wax is actually really cool.  So I lower my head in shame, gather up the kids, leave the cheese, am given back my expired card with a "you don't want to forget this," and head for the door to tell the people who make sure that you aren't shoplifting that there is nothing to check because I couldn't get the cheese for my daughter's cheese tasting.  By the way, I chucked the card because it was obviously the cards fault, or maybe I just didn't want the reminder.
4	I'm a fan.  I can't go to Costco and NOT walk down darn near every aisle and see what's new this time.I get my gas at the Costco Gasoline station- it's consistently and considerably less here than any gas station nearby.The parking lot is huge, and you'd better be prepared for a walk- I've never seen it not busy.  They do a pretty good job on cart patrol, and most customers are considerate enough to push their carts to a cart return when they are done with them.The store is clean and bright, and the people are friendly and helpful, and the stuff they sell is quality.  For instance, their Kirkland Signature dog food gets an A+ ( http://members.petfinder.com/~CA469/files/DogFoodRatings.pdf ), it's $25 for 40 pounds, and Peanut has no problems with it.  Before I found the Kirkland Signature food, I was paying $35 for 17.5-pound bags of Nutro, and she was having issues almost monthly.I bought my TV there.  Pretty hard to argue with an automatic doubling of the manufacturer warranty to 2 years from 12 months.They take cash, debit cards, and American Express.  Leave your Visa, Mastercard, and Discover Card at home.
4	Who doesn't like Costco!! Love the $1 churros!!! OMG they have this chocolate cake that's to die for too!!!
5	I love this place! They have great gas prices and friendly staff. The lines are long but they go quick. The baggers are extremely helpful and always go above and beyond.
5	It's Costco! What's there to say? It's awesome!
5	As a once poor college student turned working adult, I about pee myself with excitement every time I get the opportunity to come here. I feel like part of some elite club (don't judge!), and the savings! Oh, the savings you'll save! As a newlywed, half of our "big" purchases have come from here, and I don't even feel sort of bad about it. Since it is just my husband and I, we learned the hard way to not stock up on perishable items from Costco, so we leave those types of purchases for the regular grocery store. We use Costco for gas, non-perishable food items, pet supplies, electronics, nutritional supplements, and just about everything else imaginable. And just like any other red blooded American, we unrepentantly try all of the samples and listen to the sales pitches because, hey, free food! And really, we come here just for the fun of coming here, even if we don't need anything at all. Love love love Costco.
1	Costco Tire Department leaves much to be desired...My wife's car needed new tires.  We like shopping in Avondale and headed over to Costco.  The guy who sold the tires was nice enough and seemed knowledgeable about tires. Installation was completed quickly.That's the good news. The problem we had was that we received an ad later than day about the same tires being available for about $25 cheaper.  Went back to the store expecting the great service you hear about from Costco.  I didn't find it.  And I really tried.The store staff relayed that Costco does not price match.  They then offered take our new tires as a return with a refund minus the installation and disposal fee.  Asking why they would keep the disposal fee, they said they wouldn't be able to find our original tires to put back on.  I questioned how I would be able to drive away if they didn't give our tires back, one technician said he didn't know.Not believing these to be intelligent answers, I spoke with a manager.  After talking it through, she shared that didn't make sense, but was all they could offer.  I'm still not sure if that was supposed to make me feel better or worse.  I emailed Costco customer services online and got no response after a week.Bottom line: Not the best prices. Don't stand behind their prices. Offers a frustrating customer service experience. Has service staff who are nice, but unable/unwilling to do much.
5	Best cheap pizza there is!
4	I've been going to this Costco location since I was a tyke, when it used to be called Price Club, and my parents carted me around in their giant warehouse sized shopping carts (Those were the days, and those huge carts were the coolest to sit in!).  The employees here are nice and friendly for the most part, and there are employees I see when I'm here that I remember from when I was in junior high, a testament to the happiness of the staff here if they've been at this location for so long.
4	This Costco is further from my house, so we don't come here much.  Used to come here a lot when we lived in Chandler (before the Chandler Costco opened).  We were driving by, so we went in.This one is an older store.  But it still has the same products as other local Costcos, and their staff is also good (like the other Costcos).  No need to make a special trip here if another one is closer.  But if you live nearby it couldn't hurt to check this place out for yourself.  Lots of benefits to Costco membership.
5	Crazy amounts of shoppers on the weekends. Always friendly employees, gas station and tire dept that is detached from main building.
5	We came here for of all things Toothpaste.  I only remembered that I had a Costco membership because, I got the renewal notice in the mail.So when we walked in I knew we would not leave without spending at least $100.00. I left spending $109.00, but everything is good.I got some great cheese, fruit, and a really nice Dog bed. The only thing was, I thought the dog bed looked big in the store but, when we got it home it was huge!! Which makes it an even better deal, but it would not fit in any room in the house.So back to Costco we went ,to return it. Bummer they only had the one size.All I did was show my receipt  and card and I was on the way out the door with my refund. But, my poor doggie has no new bed for Christmas, but I will keep looking.I almost forgot , we did get the toothpaste as well, at a great deal!
5	Costco, has a lot to offer, great prices on many items. You never get out of here without spending at least $100.00 though. But, you get good value for that $100.00.This is the only Wholesale place that we have found Gluten Free bread. Plus, it is at a great price. you will find it in the Frozen section. This is the 2nd time we bought it here. We did look at a lot of other stores for it,those that had it charge a lot and not all the Costcos do have. A great price $6.99 for 2 loaves.Remember that they do not always carry the same items. If you see something you really like sometimes you have to buy more than one, because, it won't be there the next time you come in.They still have the people handing out samples which, is sometimes fun. Sometimes it is a frenzy. Which is why I don't like to go on the Weekends.Check out is easy, but you can only pay with their card, cash, or check.This visit we also found pure maple sryup from Canada. only $14.00, that is a good price. Parking is good during the day and week nights, but on the weekend. CRAZY! Bathrooms are always clean as well which is nice.
4	Love the demo sessions during lunch and dinner time!
5	I'm only Writing a review for the bakery. We just had a fantastic chocolate cake filled with chocolate mousse. It was for a 10 year-olds birthday party. This cake was incredibly moist, it looked great with lots of icing for the balloons and sweet enough to satisfy any picky 10 y/o lover's sweet tooth. The price with tax was ONLY $18.31, a great value!
2	The psycho drivers in the parking lot are what keep me from even wanting to come to this location. Seriously, if a pedestrian is crossing the damn street don't come racing down like a moron because you want to race to a stop sign. The staff have always been decent, though the workers in the optical department have always obnoxiously loud amongst themselves and unprofessional in general.
5	Well, Costco is amazing. We all know that. This location has a selection of items that other locations don't. I get gas here once a week and it's always the cheapest. The employees are what make this company great. Unfortunately they didn't realize I would be a good piece of the company when I was there, but it is still the best place I've ever worked for.  Everyone there is very friendly and I've never had one bad experience there. They are good with returns as most people know. You shouldn't take advantage of it though. The food court is delicious and always hits the spot. Check out the AMEX card. It will get you a lot of money back if you are a Costco regular like me. The executive membership plus AMEX pay for themselves by the end of the year. Just head over to the membership counter and they will help you out.
5	What can I really say about this Costco that hasn't already been said before. I love shopping here. With the amount of food that my boys eat, I have to come here quite often. It helps me save money and I always fill up my tank here.
5	Friendly staff, delicious samples and cheap gas. Costco continues to be my absolute favorite place to shop.
2	I love Costco but I don't like THIS one.I'm comparing to my neighborhood Costco in Chandler.Customer service sucks. Guy at the Verizon booth today seemed totally pissed that we interrupted his time doing nothing and staring into space. Was short with us. Most of the sample people were rude. I'm actually shocked at what I experienced today since I usually experience awesome customer service at every other Costco.This location also does not have U scan, so you have to wait in line no matter what. With U scan it takes me like 30 seconds to check out.They also don't give out free cookies at the bakery to kids here. My kids were super disappointed when the lady told them they didn't do that. I'll be sticking with my neighborhood Costco. Apparently they are not all the same.
4	Just tires and fast friendly service. What more could you want?
4	Is it just me or does Costco have THE BEST hot dogs?!?!  YUM!!!
1	Worst Costco Experience Ever!!!!!I stopped in this Costco for a quick lunch snack and walked in to the food court, then I hear loudly someone saying.... "Sir, Sir!!! Sir!!!! Sirrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!" I turn around and there is a Costco lady in my face demanding me to show her my card, I told her I was here to get lunch at the food court, then I continued to walk to food court, then she followed behind me and proceeded to walk in right in front of me, talking about membership and my Costco card.I then I told her again very nicely "I'm just going to the food court, not the main store"she then went on and on "educating" me about "membership" and "rules" and on and on about why I need to "show my card - even if i'm going to the food court" (which is a lie - you don't even need a membership to purchase items from the food court.At this point I'm frustrated and felt like I was being scolded like a red-headed step child, I turned around and ignored this lady 'educate me' on "Costco Rules" etc...etc...even as I walked away from her...she continued to speak behind my back in her unprofessional derogatory manner, rudely again about "rules" etc etc...(If this woman hates her job this much, maybe she should do everyone a favor and quit, I have read several other complaints about this store, there seems to be a pattern of rude, belligerent employees at this store, so much that members who visit this store away from their home store will Never go back. I have been a Costco member for over 17 years and have never been treated like this... I understand the "rules" and don't need to be "schooled" and interrogated by some Costco Gate Nazi. ( I could see someone being treated like that if they had stolen something and was being interrogated, but this was absolutely ridiculous!  Does the management here teach their door greeters to be this militant and aggressive? If so - Corporate should fire the entire Management Staff at this Costco.I will never ever again visit this Costco store!!!I wonder if Corporate knows just how this particular store is failing in the area of customer service. I blame Management, because it's their job to train It's employees regarding - professionalism, politeness, and policy.. to Management at 1445 w Elliot RD, Tempe AZ1) Train your employees to treat your loyal Costco members with some respect! Remember your members are what keep you in business! 2) Teach your employees not to antagonize members for their member card, who are simply going to the food court.3) Teach your employees to leave out the rude demeaning (ghetto) attitudes, when they come to work, or they don't come in period, because customer service should be priority #1..Corporate should be ashamed of this store......I will never never visit this location again!
4	Love this Costco!  Friendly employees, well stocked, clean, organized. The only negative comment is that during the week there are frequently very long, slow moving lines because only 2 lanes are open. The need to have a faster check out during the week. The weekends are araffed better and I don't wait nearly as long. Bought a Vitamix today!  So excited!
4	Pretty much your standard ranch stash. What's not to like? Oh, for Californians: Be prepared to pay about 60 cents LESS per gallon of gas than you do back in the People's Republik of Kalifornia. Good shopping!
5	They're even helpful over the phone!  I just called to get information about refilling my inkjet printer cartridge. The guy in photo was knowledgeable and helpful. Thanks Costco!
1	The employees at this location are lazy and rude. Saw multiple reviews saying the same thing. Usually these things are secluded to certain store locations because it starts with the manager. Also, it's the only Costco location on the planet that closes on Saturday at 6pm!
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!I have been a member for many years. From California to Colorado, to Arizona... I have never seen such a rude, untrained staff as I have seen here. The "Card Check Clerks" at the doors are very aggressive and rude, and don't seem like they like their jobs. The employees have an attitude like they don't care, and also it reflect on customers service. This reflects on the Management... I've seen other reviews and it looks like a pattern for this particular store... rude employees, with lack of customer service skills.This store is close to my home, however I will not be back... I will go out of my way and drive the extra mile to the other location.
1	Got $1000 worth of tires today. They told me it would be a long wait & they'd call me when done. I waited from noon till 3pm. The tires were done @ 1:45 pm. They said they were too busy to call. 3hrs for the guy in front of me for a flat tire fix. When he complained Erick his service guy said "Thank you" with a smirk and walk away. Don't recommend them. The change in staff since the last few tire sets I purchased is quite noticeable. They need customer service training.
5	I rarely shop here but was quite surprised to find all the great bargains today.  Is it possible those things I'm shopping for just weren't here before?   Sure that's possible.  So I'm picking up a scrip for my boy AND I learned they have/can get Baytril here too!!!
5	Costco is just a great place. Though I do love Sam's Club as well. They are both great places.You never know what you will find when you visit here. They always have something new as well as lots of samples. Maybe it is not something that you would like to sample , but the fact is that they are there always trying to show you something you might like and never thought of buying.We really bought a lot of stuff here over the holidays, I am greatful for Costco. They had some great food items ,in huge amounts as well.Another great thing about Costco is you can take anything back to them as well. I saved my receicpts and I found that I had bought 2 gifts for the same person at different times. Costco gladly took them all back and every thing was so easy.Lots of parking and fast and friendly service as well.I love Costco.
5	I get so excited when we're on the way to Costco, you'd think I was headed to a theme park. It's such an adventure going down the aisles and seeing what's new or what kind of samples are out. And if you're in the mood for booze or need some gasoline you just aren't going to find better prices. A majority of the staff seem to have been with Costco since the 90's, so they are professional and knowledgeable as heck, and this particular store has a great floor plan that flows really well. I'm a big fan.
1	I absolutely detest this Costco. Like many of the reviews state, this Costco has a reputation for rude and lazy employees. Of course there are a few helpful employees but the card check clerks are rude.  I am surprised because I have never experienced such poor service at a Costco before. It may be my imagination but this location seems smaller and exceedingly more crowded than most locations. I miss Chandler Costco where they have the U Scan checkout. I usually drive out of my way to Chandler or Gilbert Costco. Beware of the lunch rush aka free samples in the afternoon.
5	I like to get a new stuff that have a great quality than other stores. So far we never disappointed :)
5	Easily my favorite Costco in the valley. First off, the store is always clean and straightened. The selection is awesome and the layout of the store makes it easy to see everything without getting lost or overwhelmed with the inventory. The people always seem very happy to be there and are extremely helpful. The lines are fast (by Costco/Sam's standards), and the food at the cafe is tasty and incredibly cheap.
5	How do you not love Costco!! The layout is enjoyable to shop in, there is a great selection, and the people there are awesome. Plus, you can eat a small meal just from the samples throughout the store. Additionally, the gas pumps there are very convenient and save me money from most other fuel stations. Just be prepared to spend around $200... Not sure why, but I always end up spending $200 when we go!
4	Bring a calculator with you when you go to COSTco!  Everything looks so good over there for some reason.  Maybe because you think you're getting a goal deal.  However, when we got to the the cash register, my wallet grew lips and screamed! The thing is we didn't get a whole lot of things.  It's important to stay level-headed as you move on through the aisles.  There's an "ooh, aah" effect that takes over your brain. I admit that we were a little too giddy about the lump sum of produce, meat, cereal and other knicker-knackers we were getting. We were first timers, we became members right at the door. Caution, don't fall for the executive branch membership level unless you plan to shop there everyday for everyone you know. And they only take cash, check, debit and American Express as a credit card.All in all, we are not 'upset' just felt 'setup' in a peculiar way. We stopped at their gas station and liked the gas prices.  They are 10 cents cheaper and that made us much more chipper on the way home.That's my two-cents.  Well, that's all I had left after leaving COSTco.
5	Costco, so yeah, great place.
3	Everyone was nice and friendly. Not bad.
4	Where else can you feed a family of 5 for under $20. slice of pizza, doggers, even some dessert- good stuff and cheap! Oh yeah, you will spend over $300 on other items but at least the food is cheap and good. Very limited selection but good.
3	Decent store but I have noticed as well as some others that there can be rude associates. Some things are good values but others I can find better values in my local grocery store. The costco off the 202 in chandler is better.
2	This Costco is a departure from the others in town, at least regarding customer service. I was on the hunt for a new iPad 2 Air, and the phx store told  me that Tempe had three in stock. I drove right over there, and went to a register to give them the electronic purchasing slip (you pay and then go to a merchandise cage and pick up your item) and paid. When they gave me the item, it was gold, not silver. On many things, I don't care about color, but an expensive new shiny piece of tech the color needs to be the right color. I think the gold ipad is tacky looking and not for me. I told the manager that I was here to purchase the silver model, and he started arguing with me. I was puzzled because I would have thought I knew more about what I wanted to purchase than a stranger, but he seemed to think otherwise. Anyway, long story short, they didn't have it in stock, and I left, dissapointed at the bad info (not his fault) and suprised at the poor service (his fault.)
3	I don't really care for this Costco. Maybe it's the location. I know Cosco's are usually extremely busy, but this one seemed ridiculous.  The parking lot is a nightmare. I prefer other Cosco's over this one. It feels older and rundown.
