3	I've eaten at Pizza Huts all over Phoenix and all across the United States.  While this chain doesn't produce a pizza that would compete with one served to the gods on Mount Olympus,  you can usually be assured of a decent pizza at a reasonable price.  At this particular Hut in Anthem I have "dined-in" and "ordered-out".  The dining room is small and pleasant but best of all, the service was superb.  We have also picked up pizza here and taken it home to eat.  Most of the time the pizza has been OK.  Unfortunately the last time we ordered out, we ordered a "thick crust super supreme"... which turned out to be far from super.  It was primarily a piece of flat bread with what appeared to be an artists rendering of what a pizza should look like from directly over head.  There was very little in the way of any real toppings on it.  It was just a tomato red color with some faint impressions of pepperoni, onion, peppers and some of the other normal condiments.  I am hoping this was just a one time slip and not an attempt on the part of Pizza Hut to cut costs by eliminating the volume of most of the toppings.  This was one of the "specials" that Pizza Hut runs periodically where you can get any size pizza for ten dollars.  I would rather spend more money and get a real pizza rather than a facsimile of a pizza.  Pizza Hut is usually a solid Yelp three star dining establishment, but on this one particular visit, it sunk to 1 1/2 stars.  As I previously stated, I hope this one time was an aberration.  I will try one more time... but only one more time; if the product turns out as abysmal as this last one was, I will go elsewhere in the Anthem area for pizza.  We shall see.
1	I don't even know how they can call this pizza! The thin crust is like eating cardboard... disgusting
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =The good news:This medium sized restaurant is nice inside and has comfortable booths as well as tables.  The Lunch Buffet starts at 11:30 and today featured a good selection of 15 items on the Salad Bar plus 5 dressings.  For hot offerings there was a pasta dish with white sauce which was ok after being perked up with some salt & Parmesan Cheese, and 3 large pizzas at a time, each made 1/2 & 1/2 with two different sets of toppings & both regular and thin crust choices.  There was also a dessert pizza and two kinds of bread sticks plus Marinara Sauce for the non-Cinnamon flavored ones.Also a plus was that they cut the slices narrow (about 2") and that they loaded them up well with toppings.  (See my photo of a slice with Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, tomato, mushrooms, Bell Pepper and olives.)Ok, the not-so-good news:I'm a big Cottage Cheese fan, but what they had here, although fresh tasting, wasn't creamy at all.  ("2%"?)  Worse was the taste of the pizza.  As delicious as the slice in the photo (& the rest of the pizzas) looked, the overall taste was B-L-A-H!  The crust tasted like Bisquick or something.  Whatever it is, they should get rid of it STAT & get some real pizza dough!  The cheese tasted totaly bogus, too, to the point that all the pretty toppings couldn't make up for the basic taste.     :-(All this has to do with what Corporate is sending them to serve.  The restaurant itself was fine, & there were some nice touches such as paper towel rolls, Parmesan Cheese & red chile flakes all provided on each table.  This particular store would have 5-Star potential if the pizzas tasted as good as they looked.  It IS the best Pizza Hut Buffet in the Valley, & there was enough good here, including the reasonable $5.99 price, to earn it 3 Stars.     :-)
2	Went for dinner tonight at the restaurant, usually just get delivery which is ok... I will probably not eat here again and stick with  delivery. The pizza took forever and was undercooked, no crunch to it. We asked for pineapples and they put so many on it was just overwhelming. Also the bathrooms are just gross, looked like they hadn't been cleaned, ever. I was pretty bummed about the whole experience, what a waste of calories.
5	As far as Pizza Hut goes, this is the best one I have been to in my travels.  We drove up to Anthem for lunch since this is one of the last stores in the area to offer a buffet.  We found the store to be clean, well maintained and decorated in a way that gives a warm comfortable feeling.  The buffet had a small salad section as well as the pizza, breadsticks and Mac & cheese.  The pizzas were both thick and thin crust with different toppings on each half.  For dessert there was a dessert pizza and cinnamon bread sticks.  The portions were small enough to allow tasting of all the offerings without wasting product.  Our server was friendly and able to answer questions about the menu and the process.  She was attentive to our needs, while not hovering.  While there we had the opportunity to speak with Beverly and found her to be extremely friendly and very customer orientated.  All-in-all it is a little out of the way for us, but we will be back again and again because of the great experience we had during our last visit.
1	This was absolutley the worst delivery service, pizza, management that I have ever had from any pizza dleivery company. The delivery guy gave me the bill first, and I put a tip on it, then wanted my credit card to take an imprint. I have ordered from other drivers at  Pizza Hut and they never asked me for a card! He was rude, and said he would not give me my pizza without it!! Then I opened the box, and there was a tiny amount of cheese on top of the pizza. I ordered the chese bacon stuffed crust pizza, and there was also no cheese or bacon in the crust!! I then called the store manager, who herself did not know how to handle this complaint call. Her excuse for the pizza was "we are training our pizza maker's." This was Saturdaty night!!! I asked for the Franchisee's phone number, and she refused. So she then said they would call me back!! No call....and not expecting any!! There are six other pizza restaurant's up here!  I have lived here for 11 years, and I was never treated or served a pizza like this, we were unable to eat it!! They need alot of help in training from the top down!! Good luck Pizza Hut. I want to all my neghbors, and fellow residents in Anthem to know about this!
