4	Maximizing their 40% coupon (including furniture), the BF and I were back to get our benches for our dining table!  Woohoo!  We also found ourselves perusing through their 75% off selection and finding a few odds and ends there.  Unfortunately, one of their employees isn't the brightest of the bunch.  But overall, it's a great place to be.  This location is the newest one in Vegas with a bunch of department stores still in development nearby, not to mention the streets are being built as we speak!  It's going to be one busy location nonetheless!
5	Only location on the South Side, which will lead me to believe that it will become very busy as more people find out about it.  The food selection is very good and is very inexpensive.
5	I like this location much better than the other one in Las Vegas. It seems like it's a lot bigger and the selection on their merchandise is better. I love the coupons that they send to my email!
5	I live to peruse this place. So many reasons to go:1. Furniture - nicest and very very original. Made all over the world and the quality of the woods used is just amazing. I could furnish my entire house here. Not too pricey too especially when on sale..2. Food! - Amazing selection of snacks and pastes and teas from all over the world. I can spend hours looking at these items and dreaming of how they will taste. Also relatively inexpensive3. Wine - Very reasonably priced and extensive wine collection4. Accessories - Notebooks, candles, cushions, curtains, earrings, scarfs...such unique items that seriously you cannot find anywhere else. Great gift ideas that are so thoughtful5. Coupons - When you are a member you get coupons. Enough saidThis particular World Market is very spacious, the staff is helpful and they have lots of items in stock. I want to buy and decorate a home just because I can get stuff from World Market.
5	Another 5 star experience. We decided to get a new couch and fell in love with a piece at Cost Plus. Being the deal seeker that I am, I waited with bated breath for the couch to go on sale. It finally did. I immediately called Cost Plus on Blue Diamond and they said they had 2 pieces available. 1 in a box and 1 in the store. I told them to hold both the 2 pieces for me. While on the call, the wonderful sales assistant also asked me if I was a Cost Plus Member and told me to print out my coupon online that would give me 15% off my entire purchase. The coupon was expiring that very day.  When we arrived at the store, I was so relieved to see that they had actually held the pieces for me (with my name plastered on it). This was imperative as there were some other people looking at the same piece that I wanted. I needed 2 sofas and there were only 2 available. I was glad that they took my "hold" seriously since there were people there who wanted to purchase what I wanted!We left purchasing 3 pieces of gorgeous furniture (2 sofas and an accent chair) at a price that was unbelievable. Cost Plus has contracted their delivery to another company that charges $65 for 6 pieces of furniture delivered to your doorstep. I thought that was a great deal. On a separate note, we also purchased some wine and candles to enjoy with our new furniture. Cost Plus has an extensive and aggressively priced alcohol selection and they also have such interesting home accessories/accents.  To make our experience even smoother and pleasant, the delivery guys called us the very next day (Sunday) to schedule the delivery and came in the time they allotted. They were helpful...even moving our old couch and sofa (that was HUGE) to the garage. They also took the furniture parts out of the cardboard boxes and removed the boxes and packing materials so we would have less mess to deal with. My obsession with Cost Plus has been justified again. We are enjoying our new furniture and knowing that we got it at a steal makes me a happy couch potato!
2	"50% off... Discount Taken at Register"When you see that, what do you think?  I think, "this is the price, I'll take it to the register and it will be 50% off"You would be wrong about that if you were at this store.  I asked the cashier and she says "Oh, I don't know.  We don't normally do that""I can get the sign for you."-hesitant- "Oh, okay."I get the sign and show it to her.  Cashier: "Hmmm, that's interesting. Let me call someone."She calls up this other woman and she says, "No... it's priced as marked.""So why does it say 'discount taken at register?' What does that mean?""Well we don't take additional off.  These aren't outdoor pillows anyway..."WHAT THE F*CK?!  Do I have DUMBSH*T stamped on my forehead?  Just because the workers are stupid doesn't mean I am for shopping there.  This was truly a disappointing experience because of the magnitude of how much I love Cost Plus.I seriously don't know where the disconnect was and I'm wondering if we were being singled out.  That pillow was definitely an outdoor pillow and that sign definitely said Discount Taken @Register.  I've shopped enough clearance sales to know what that means.  I'm still very baffled by this experience.  And as much as I want to say I'll never shop here again, I really can't resist.  I love this place but I hate the employees.... Morons.
4	Cost Plus is a great place to come for the following things (in my opinion) 1. Decorative items for your home - fill those pot shelves with decor, load up the book shelves and tops of kitchen cabinets with creative, worldly knickknacks that won't break the bank. 2. Chocolate, candy snacks from other parts of the world. My fave: English Chocolate. Cadbury to be exact. 2. Dining room linens - cloth napkins, runners, table cloths 3. Unique seasonal decor - Halloween, Christmas, Easter. Find cute, unique decor. Great sales the day after the holiday. 4. Everything you need for holiday gift baskets - baskets, filler, wine, etc. 5. Glassware, serveware and other kitchen essentials - Don't come here for your TRUE kitchen essentials like pots/pans/skillets, but they have great unique items like the little rack to hold up my stuffed chili peppers as I smoke them in our Green Egg. And my GIANT glass beverage dispenser that I make large batches of sun tea in and then we just keep it in the fridge. You get the picture. 6. Unique gifts for reasonable prices. Jewelry, bath, candles and holders.... This place is dangerous because it's on my home from work :) Too easy to stop in and find a little "present" for me. I get lots of random presents from the cat and dog like that. Or so my husband thinks :)Clean location with a good inventory.
5	Love World Market! My husband and I are lucky to live pretty close to this store and we frequent it often. I love their selection of tea and coffee as well as their wines. Anytime there's a party or get-together and I need something to bring, I stop by World Market. I also love their selection of furniture and home accents. Definitely a great place to get some cool new pieces. They were also the only nearby place I was able to find a milk steamer for my espresso machine. The store itself is kept very orderly and clean. The employees are nice and helpful. Prices can get a little steep and I've found a few items cheaper at other stores. All in all though, it's a great place to shop for home items and unique gifts.
4	Many things from around the world, from unique one of a kind, to items made from tree tea oil, to bamboo. Sometimes there's a little bling, and sometimes some rich smells and flavors stand out. If you want a nice selection of wines, they have a lot to choose from. I wanted to pick up a bottle of white as a holiday gift, didn't want to blow my budget, and well, I found other items too. They have a small selection of furniture, a lot of art, kitchen and table wares, and some tasty treats. Baskets, and linen's it's all good. Bargain prices too!
4	I am a big fan of world market. I am also a big fan of making my own gift baskets for friends and family for holidays and birthdays. This is one of my go to places for little festive add ons. Right now they even have holiday wine, electric reindeer, and frosty sodas. Many different, fun flavors of hot cocoa. They also offer plenty of different little snacks and spices from different countries which I am obsessed. If you are hosting a party they have lots of different little appetizer options for you to make so everybody at your party likes something. The furniture selection here is awesome along with their frames and mirrors. The employees are nothing but nice and helpful. They can answer any question for you and if they are out of stock in something you need they are willing to call other stores for you to help try and find it.Have fun exploring in here and I hope you find a little goodie to take home. :)
4	Good selection of global type furniture (but as I said before, a little pricier- there's a really nice leather sofa set that's so cute and luxurious feeling) and specialty type foods- something you normally don't see unless you shop the ethnic markets regularly (like mango relish, tortilla chips, and fine chocolate from around the world). Sometimes on the weekends, you can have a free taste of some of the foods- kinda like Costco and the other stores that copied. Respectable amount of throw rugs for your home- I've been looking at their large scale sissal rug. The kitchen housewares section is impressive- lots of specialty items (gift ideas). Also a nice selection of health/beauty items like lotion (gifts) and prints ready for framing- floral, places of interest, beaches, etc. Overall, a nice place to get some inspiration for decorating (kinda like uber expensive Pottery Barn) to imitate. Clean, organized, well-stocked, lots of smiling faces to assist you.
5	On reading Sangeetha's review, I decided to check this out! Since I love all things colorful and enjoy seeing things from around the world...I loved this from the moment I walked in. Store associates were very friendly and quickly checked if we needed to find something...The best thing I found was that they were accessible and we did not have to go around the store looking for them.They have a great wine and food section and have packaged food from all over the world...Everything is neatly organized in sections. They have cute knick knacks to decorate the home. The store is a visual treat and is moderately priced. On the first visit, they asked us to key in a no. that we could use as a member id and use to get coupons and member only offers.Its not a store that I can frequent often..as I fear that I would end up buying things I do not need just because they look so nice:) Does that mean I really won't go often...well that's another story;)
5	I just love this store. I am so glad there is one on my side of town now. They have a rewards program thats pretty awesome. You should sign up. On your Bday they send ya a $10 gift card. I love any excuse to come into this store and a freebie is always nice. They do regular coupons online for $10 off $30 as well. The selection for wine is pretty good and I really love the european candy.
5	I am a lover of all things unique and globally-influenced. So every time I go to World Market, I am in love. Conveniently located near my favorite Target and In-N-Out, I often times come here to kill time, yet leave with all the things I didn't know I needed. Their selection is amazing - from adorable gift bags to fragrant soap bars to adorable kitchenware. My favorite has to be located all the way in the back of the store: the food aisles. They don't carry the normal fare - everything spanning England to India, I can always find Tahini (most times cheaper than even Wal-Mart) to various Ramune drinks. They also carry the most unique selection of snacks - including Zapp's chips that are insanely addicting.The best part of World Market would have to be the rewards program. Just for signing up, you receive a 10% off coupon for your next purchase as well as a gift card for your birthday. Just another reason for me to spend both time and money at World market.
4	International snacks, candies, and new culinary challenges awaits within a store that is out to make your house into more than just a place to sleep in. The rich and unique pieces culturally inspired pieces of home furnishing will invoke a sense of whimsy and whisk you away to another place. The painting near the front are bold and colorful. These tasteful creations will liven up any household. If you are not looking for items for your house, they have an eclectic array of goods that span jewelry, clothing, home goods, and snacks. Now if you strive to be Martha Stewart, have no fear, Cost Plus is here to aid you in your endeavors.
5	This is one of my favorite places to shop for gifts, the home, furniture, wine, beer, old school soda, & international sweets & snacks. Very cute holiday items here.I like their wine & beer selections. They have the cutest gift bags & ideas here. I always get nostalgic when I go to their little toy area because they have unique old school toys & games.Don't forget to get a free membership so you can save yourself some money.
5	I have to say this has become one of my favorite stores. I love walking around just looking at all the different knick knacks and OMG the selection of cane sugar sodas is great! Just recently discovered their beern & wine section, and I greatly enjoy that as well :) It's just really a dope store to go just walk around or get unique items.
5	I wandered in here since I was shopping at the Big Lots next door and the Target that's in the same plaza, and was pretty impressed with this place.  They have a wide variety of items--furniture, exotic foods, home decor, spirits (wine and beer), sodas, gifts/toys, and international snack foods/beverages.  I like coming in from time to time to see their holiday displays, though, as well as their holiday-themed gifts.  I guess I'd consider this place a great store for those who seem to have everything.  Bonus: free coffee and tea samples, as well as free membership with the World Market explorer for discounts, mailings, savings, sneak peak emails, and birthday rewards by supplying your email/mailing address.  With this membership, if you purchase 6 12 oz bags of coffee, the 7th is free.They seem to have a little bit of everything in terms of beer and wine, as well as international foods and snacks.  They also have a small selection of gluten free items (chocolates, nuts, and chips) that are moderately-priced.
4	Cost Plus has been a lifesaver for me during my time here in Las Vegas. I can still remember my first visit well (cue the blurry, squiggly lines and flashback music). My wife and I stepped into the store and were surprised to discover it filled with all sorts of strange knick-knacks, plates, wind chimes, furniture. It was like some sort of Ikea meets a middle eastern bazaar. Ialmost walked straight out in bewilderment, but my wife somehow managed to drag me in and we made it toward the back of the store and discovered the edible goodies from around the world and, most importantly, from Australia.I was absolutely thrilled to discover that Cost Plus carries Australian "Bundaberg Ginger Beer" -- a product  and brand ubiquitous in Australia -- complete in its brown glass "stubby" bottles. The label is a little different than what I was used to, featuring a kangaroo, presumably as the most recognisable global signifier screaming "Australia" to Americans, instead of some guy kegging-up brewed drinks, but the taste is the same. Today, my wife (an American convert to the ways of Bundaberg) and I can't drive down Blue Diamond without a stop in to Cost Plus for fresh supplies of Bundaberg. You'll also find Cadbury's chocolate (the real stuff, not the abominable version made by Hershey's that you'll find in supermarket chains), biscuits (that's Commonwealth-speak for "cookies") from around the globe, an assortment of imported wines, international delights such as Vegemite and Marmite, curry sauces, salsas, crackers, and more.What prevents such a treasure trove of great memories from home and new international experiences scoring the perfect five stars? Well, firstly, ninety percent of the store is the aforementioned non-edible odds and ends from around the world. Fine, they are international goods - but stuff like this is imported all the time and I've seen it all before. A plate or some knives and forms, or a chair is the same wherever it's from. The other problem is that Cost Plus, in addition to carrying some wonderful stuff that you just can't find elsewhere, tends to pad its shelves with items that are already generally available in the US at grossly inflated prices. I'm sorry guys, but Patak's Curry Sauces aren't exotic and tough to find anymore. My local supermarket sells them. Darrel Lea Licorice (from my home city of Perth, Australia) at $4.00 a bag is too much to pay when target and Glaziers have it at a fraction of that price. Ok, so perhaps somewhere in the wilds of Wisconsin some of these things aren't generally available, but the store could easily adapt to suit each marketplace, surely? I can accept that while the homegoods dominance of this store is one of their main drives -- something I will have to live with and accept as "just not my bag", but when it comes to the food, I would love to see the available-elsewhere-for-much-less chaff cut out so some more excitingly tough to find goodies can fill the resulting free space.
4	great place
4	I've always loved Cost Plus. This one is very very nice as well. The store is incredibly organized and clean and they have so many different things to shop for here. I love their candy, sauces, spices, all their kitchen and house ware, but honestly I just enjoy wandering around and perusing all the different items. I can walk up and down each aisle and do it all over again and still find new things I hadn't seen before.The staff is very friendly and I was greeted by every single employee I happened upon. They were incredibly cheerful as well, which I loved.
4	Chocolate covered bacon... Shall I say it again? Chocolate covered bacon is sold here!!! I love the uniqueness of the items they sell here. You can get almost anything for the home from patio furniture to candy. Its a great place to walk into with an open mind and find something completely unexpected that fits right into your home. As far as the service goes... there usually isn't a whole lot of help working the sales floor, but the ones who are are always friendly and willing to help you out. The store is clean and inviting. I will be back... partially due to the chocolate covered bacon... its that good!!
5	Five stars for these reasons:Genuinely friendly employees.Motivated employees.Good prices on coffee.Good prices on beer.Good prices on wine.Good prices on glassware.Good selection of household items like wicker baskets from the Near East.Good selection of imported consumable goods like jellies, jams, and snacks from several major regions around the world.The only place in "the world", apparently, that sells all-cotton white towels with a high thread count and a chevron molded pattern.And genuinely friendly employees. Yes, that counts for a LOT!The location is convenient.
4	Quirky, off-the-beaten path, and worldly.  Yep, that's what the merchandise in this store feels to me.  I go here primarily to find foodstuffs that I can't find regularly at the grocery store (lemon curd and blood orange soda for example), and I always get distracted by all the other awesome stuff they have here.  I almost gave in and bought some furniture here, but practicality won out.  Oh!  Awesome customer service.  Seriously, everyone in this place is warm and welcoming and willing to help out.
5	On its very worst day, Cost Plus has the best customer service. On its very best day, well, you better hide your wallet from yourself. I love Cost Plus because across the board, they have the most incredible customer service. They really pick their employees well and it shows. It makes shopping there so much fun and relaxing and I'm inclined to spend a little more because I'm in such a good mood when shopping here!I've been to both of the Cost Plus locations in town, and don't really have a preference because they're both great. This location is closer to my new favorite nail place, so I've come here a couple of times when in the area. The set up is pretty much the same as the North Rainbow location and about the same size.Cost Plus is great for unique food items, coffee, tea, homewares and furniture that look like they belong at Anthropologie but are less than half the price. They carry items that can give a unique feel to a home and a gourmet feel to your kitchen. Some of my favorite things are the dinnerware, utensils, Vosges chocolate bars and wide variety of coffee.Definitely worth checking out if you're looking to spruce up a room or put together a unique gift for a friend. I just found out that they will put together a gift basket for you! I think you have to purchase a basket there (moderately priced), but it's  nice to know. Cost Plus has the feel of a small town shop with big city selection-love, love, love!
5	Located near Mts. Edge, this place is a playground for those of us who enjoy eclectic kitchenware and furniture, as well as rare treats from around the world. My gf and I have been looking for unique serving ware and foods for our get-togethers at home and this place had most of what we wanted! Here are the highlightsStaff/Service: Really friendly staff who are willing to look things up for you and guide you to find what you are looking around the store. At the time of visit this place was not very busy so the checkout process was fast and efficient.Wines: This place carries wine from almost every part of the world at an affordable price ($6-$25) and, although we did not get any, I have heard the quality of wines is superb from friends who frequent this place.Serving ware: This is the only place I have been to that actually carries a section of just 'tastings' size dishes in all sorts of shapes and sizes. If you are looking to have a romantic dinner with your significant other, or want to entertain your closest friends, the 'coolness factor' of these dishes will impress your guests. Kitchenware: This is where you go to get your kitchen tools, if you want them with a twist! Measuring cups, baking pans and cookie stamps are sold in cool colors and shapes, making them ornamental and functional at the same time.World foods and treats: I was surprise at the variety and desirability of the products they carry. Stocking foods from different part of the world, you will find anything from spanish serrano ham, to rice paper and nori for sushi, as well as indian curry paste, italian bacon chocolate and truffle oil.Conclusion- Visit this place! Even if you do not buy anything, you will discover ramekins and foods you had no idea were available in this part of the world.
5	Honestly, my trips to Cost Plus World Market were typically once a year or twice a year, during the holiday season. Always for their tins of ginger thins. They are just yummy delicious and freaking so addicting. True story:When me and Art were first dating and I lived with roommates, they had a tin full and he would always just take 4 or 5 upon every visit and soon enough their full tin became an empty one and it was time for me to move out. LOL!All jokes aside, this store is pretty fun just to venture through. Items and selections that are vast and from everywhere. Everyone is always helpful with very customer service orientated attitudes. One visit I knocked over two or three bottles of root beer with my purse. They cleaned it up fast and I steadily apologized but they never made me feel bad about it and assured me that I wasn't the only one that this happened to. I could easily spend an hour or two in this store just browsing over everything. I could easily spend a whole paycheck here too if allowed. I recently discovered their coffee and it is hands down some of the best coffee I have ever had in my life. I am in love with their Peruvian whole bean blend. If you join their member club you get awesome coupons, like $10 off a $30 purchase or more. Twice a year they do a special on their coffees, buy one get one free. And I even have a coupon waiting to be used for a free bag of coffee. This store has it all. Candy and food from around the world. Trinkets, toys, furniture, Christmas decorations, dinner and dishware, towels, candles, you name it.If you have never visited a world market, it is time you do!
3	The materials are pretty good....except, the customer service is pretty bad. All the reps are in the front cashiering, which means you're on your own when it comes to finding anything. The few people that may talk to you have an attitude. I will shop online.
4	Fabulous place to shop for a wide variety of items. I have purchased everything from dog toys and gourmet coffee to fashion hats and patio furniture. It has happened on occasion, but I rarely leave this store empty handed. Did I mention the chocolate? By all means, get the chocolate!I highly recommend stopping by World Market if you are in the area. They carry items you didn't even know you needed but have to own. Truly, I'm not a big "shopper." I haven't been to the mall for years and I generally just run into a place to grab a needed item and then get out as quickly as possible. I don't know what it is about CPWM but I want to wonder around this place for hours and walk out with one of everything in the store. It's so eclectic.
5	Yey OMG this place is huge. And filled with friendly staff who cater to you and then shake you up and let you lose in the store to look and buy the coolest stuff known to man kind. I had a blast in this store. Oh I got a skillet and a African head wrap and some cool cookies called milk chocolate macadamia laceys oh my I cant wait to return it was fun on fun! And I loved every min of it.
5	I kind of dread going to Cost Plus World Market because I know I'll end up spending way more than the intended amount of time browsing around the neat gourmet foods they carry.  This visit was no exception especially since I had a $10 off $40 coupon.  Highly recommended for unusual tea and candy.
3	Like a battered dog, I keep coming back to this place. This place features style on a budget. And for that budget, the quality is ultimately lacking. Expect any non-food purchase here to wear quickly. I have picked up many pieces of furniture from here and have had many problems with quality. Some of it I would not even call "wear and tear." I purchased a bookcase that I put together and did not move once. After a year or so, I noticed the surface of one of the shelves had separated from the particle board underneath. Nothing had even touched it! However, they have good deals and it will keep me reluctantly coming back. Cost Plus, you wicked whore!
3	This store has a wide array of international food and even some neat furniture and art. Their art and furniture stuff were cool but just not for me. Definitely unique pieces though. My favorite part would definitely have to be the snacks. They have a lot of sauces and international treats that you just can't get anywhere else. I wasn't looking for anything special but the prices here bummed me out a little. I mean, bacon chocolate sounds neat.. but for $8.. iono if I buy it. The main stuff I was interested in were the green tea pocky, green tea kit kat, and some of the other Asian candies. You can actually find it at International Market sometimes for cheaper so that's why I probably won't come back here.
4	I've been a big fan of CPWM for several years. They just have random awesomeness. One such discovery I made a few years ago is that they carry Tim Tams, Violet Crumble, and Maltesers. They aren't actually branded Tim Tams, but rather they are marked generically as Arnott's. (Arnott's is the Aussie company that makes Tim Tams.)Upon visiting CPWM today, now I found out that they also carry Bundaberg Ginger Beer. I only discovered Bundaberg on my recent trip to Australia. My cousin actually works for them.So CPWM has solidified itself as the go-to spot for random Aussie products you may or may not love. All they need to do now is bring over Toobs and Chicken Twisties and I'll be set.
4	Are you bored? Do you want to kill about 2 hours of your time looking at random stuff and end up walking out with things you weren't expecting to buy? Cost Plus World is for you! I don't remember how I heard about this place, but I remember my first time here. I spent about 2 hours just browsing. And now I'm a fan and still spend a good amount of time here during each visit. This store has so much stuff. They have, picture frames, jewelry, furniture, food kitchen stuff and so much more! Everything is so colorful that my attention span is really short. I'll look at something and another thing will catch my eye and I'll completely forget what I was looking at in the first place. My favorite sections in the whole store are the food and the kitchenware. There are so many different snacks to choose from, like vegetable chips to chocolate covered waffles. And I love looking at the candy and spices from all around the world. It's a bit pricier, but you'll find some unique items if you look hard enough. On my last visit, I found a bunch of different flavored Kit Kat. I also love looking at all the mini kitchen stuff! Mini measuring cups, mini whisks, mini bowls...LOVE ALL THE MINIS!!! All the employees are so nice, calm and helpful. Anyway, awesome place to shop and find what you're looking for or maybe just stumble across something awesome! P.S. Don't forget to get a membership! It's free and you get coupons sent to your email!! Plus certain alcohol is cheaper for members!!!!!!
4	I love World Market for the wines, snacks, and kitchen items.  There's something about the smell of Bali-made wood and furniture that makes me excited to be shopping there.  Most of my snacks are from this place, and I always seem to buy more than I need every time I walk through the doors of a World Market.  If you're looking for cute tea pots, nice wines, and a stick of salami, drive to a World Market.
2	Good wine selection but the dude named Paul asked me if I need wine glasses or am I going to drink it out of the bottle.  Hu!  I have wine glasses thank you.  Rudeness tells me why he hates working here unless it's a bad joke, probably but still inappropriate.
4	Absolutely LOVE World Market! Always something fun to find! They have such a spectacular variety of items! I love all the finds for the house! Their beer and wine selection is always fun to browse and find a selection to take home and sample! They always have fun specialty snacks and candy items.Going to World Market is always a fun trip for me- always something wondrous to find!
5	Awesome place. Good wine selection. Good unique food items. Beautiful handcrafted jewelry. The wall art was nice but overpriced. This location is nice cause u got in -n-out, target, Ross, Petco, biglots all right next to it. I found a wine rack for my panty for $100. I had a 15% coupon that you get in the mail when you move. Also signed up for their rewards program in which you get money off booze.
4	This store surprised me. It looked like a furniture store from the outside, but once you head inside it's much more than that. They have a huge alcohol section with plenty of different types of wine choices. They also have a vast array of kitchen and home products and decor, the kind of stuff you find at a Bed Bath and Beyond and Micheal's. We walked around and found an assortment of international groceries from around the world like the store name implies.We spent almost a few hours inside, and came out the store with a bunch of goodies we weren't expecting to buy. Time just flies by inside, which is good if you have some time to kill.The best way I can describe the World Market: it's like a Total Wine + Bed Bath + Micheals + A furniture store & rug store + International groceries, all combined into one store.
5	This store is DANGEROUS (in a good way) LOL! I go in once a week and spend hrs just looking around. Have a huge wine selection, some wines that you can't find in a normal grocery store, modern furniture, awesome decor, kitchen ware, women clothing..imported food...LOVE this place...still not sure how to the coupon membership works but i'll figure it out one day. lol MUST GO AND CHECK IT OUT!
5	I love this place!! I come in here like once a week you can spend a long time and sometimes alot of money here there items can sometimes be a little pricey but they are unique finds and worth the extra bills sometimes I come here just to look even if I'm not looking for something specific but I always end up leaving with something its a cross between a fancy Ross/homegoods meets cheaper pier one imports and if you sign up to be a member which is free! They send you pretty good coupons like 20%-40% off which come very much in handy when I spend a couple hundred bucks (I have a furniture problem) and last but definitely not least the service is always superb they ask if you need help and f iyou don't they don't stand over you or pester you like at pier one or something but they are always there when you need them and are always friendly I have not had one bad experience here I will definitely be back probably even later today....
2	I expected more in the way of decorating items. There is a lot of market items and I bet you could find whatever you are looking for in that area. Prices are average. Although I left with a few small items I expected more.
