5	great food, fast clean and friendly staff, they have a variety of good and healthy food worth the money!!!!!
3	My girlfriend works across the street from this place, so we've had occasion to eat here a few times. Nothing mind-blowing, but Something Classic has some solid offerings. A lot of their food is fresh but pre-packaged, which is good if you're in a rush--you can grab a sandwich (I love their tuna) or a pretty sizable, good salad (they have a great tomato and mozzarella, by the way). They also have other goodies like this: yogurts, wraps, that sorta thing. All pretty good, if a little on the expensive side (hey, you're in uptown, after all). Something Classic also has a great selection of teas and coffees, so make use of that. Best of all, though, they have GREAT sweets--cookies, muffins, that sort of thing. Try their good old fashioned Chocolate Chip. You won't be disappointed.
4	My building lacks a cafeteria and these guys have just recently started selling lunch in the lobby. Awesome! Hats off to you my employer and the building property management company. So the meats are all natural, veggies are organic and the chicken is from North Carolina's own Alison's Family Farm. "These vegetable-fed birds are hormone & antibiotic free & humanely housed with open areas to range" - according to their menu =)Turkey & dilled havarti sandwich with cucumber mayonnaise. Fresh, fresh, and fresh. Only $6 for the sandwich and chips! Who said eating healthy is expensive!?
5	They have these sugar-laden peanut-butter cookies that are about 2 inches thick and they HAVE A LITTLE REESE'S PEANUT BUTTER CUP SQUISHED DOWN IN THE MIDDLE OF THEM!For that 2:30 feeling.
4	More like Something Delicious Cafe!Stopped by here for lunch - got the Turkey Wrap and Orangina.  That right there is a combo of the ages.  The wrap was like a dollar more than I'd  want it to be, but I've come to expect the prices in downtown CLT.It tasted very good and the veggies were fresh.  I had a craving for some sweet so I had the carrot cupcake.  You could hear a little operator voice: "If you'd like to make a call, please hang up and try again".... because the carrot cupcake was OFF THE HOOK! Am I coming back here for lunch? Prob not, it was tasty but nothing memorable or something I couldn't get at a comparable place.  That said, will I come back if I have a craving for sweets? Yessir.dmo out.
4	This wall flower needs a spotlight!  Honestly, I thought this cafe was new since I have probably walked by this place a million times over the years and never once realized it even existed!  The staff was really nice and there was a small but interesting array of sandwiches and baked goods to choose from.  I had the Tarragon Chicken Salad sandwich- Yum!  If you want a quick and healthy bite to eat, try Something Classic!BTW, the cookies are massive here!
5	On a whim, I decided to try this place out yesterday.  I ordered their Blue Plate Special of tomato, asparagus, and goat cheese quiche.  I don't know why I ordered it, because I am usually not a fan of quiche.  I had to hold myself back from inhaling the entire quiche in under a minute it was so good!  It came with a simple mixed green salad with grape tomatoes and my choice of vinaigrette (I chose tomato over balsamic) which was all a simple salad could live up to for someone who just forces salad down.   I loved the food so much that I went back after lunch and picked up their mini quiches and a chicken pie for dinner (they make 9 inch ones too).  Sadly, I left them in the fridge at work, so I can't yet review them.  Today, I went back for a regular menu item.  I ordered the Loretta Lynn, a spicy pimento cheese sandwich with bacon and tomato served hot.  It is very tasty.  It comes with your choice of side (potato salad, pasta salad or chips) and a pickled okra spear-YUM! (pickled okra does not get its culinary dues).  I chose pasta salad.  Portion is definitely small, but it is also tasty; and who really needs a huge portion of pasta salad?  The staff was awesome.  Nice, patient and willing to answer my 50 questions.  I wanted to know if the goat cheese was pasteurized (pregnant so it matters) and they when and got the label and read it to me so I could be comfortable. And when I went back today, they asked how my treats that I bought for dinner were!  They do have a huge selection of cold sandwiches and small and large salads.  They also have some 2-person meals that you can take and eat at home (my next taste test will be the black bean lasagna!)  They also have daily soup specials (and cold soups you can take home for heating), and daily blue plate specials.  They use recyclable packaging, compostable flatware and tree free napkins that will compost in 3 months!  I am willing to pay a little more for my food in order to not contribute to the landfill.  The prices are not bad for Uptown Charlotte.  $7 for my quiche and salad and $7 for my sandwich and a side.  I have paid that much and more at Jason's Deli, RiRa Sandwich Shop and Showmars and not gotten this quality with sustainable food and packaging.  The salads may be more expensive, but I vowed not to eat salad (because I hate it) until after my baby is delivered - vegetables come in other forms that are much tastier!  I suggest everyone give it a try at least twice to get a special and a regular menu item!  You won't be disappointed!
4	Stopped by for a quick bite to take back to my desk. It's a quaint little place with little seating inside and out. Very cute and light/airy. I picked up the Turkey, Brie & Granny Smith Apple Sandwich with a bottle of water. It was yum but I kinda wish they had a combo option. Maybe half a sandwich and a soup or salad! That would be awesome.
2	Failed at the basics....fresh, tasty food.  I was really in the mood for a freshly baked pastry.  Something Classic doesn't offer pastry.  The staff suggested a muffin, so I tried the lemon blueberry.  It was awful...stale, dry and tasteless.  I called the store to complain.  The staff person offered an exchange or refund.  The time and energy to go back to the store was not worth an exchange or refund of $2.11. I'll think twice before going back.
5	Just wanted to update and say this place is awesome.  This post isn't even for other reviewers to see.  Hoping the great people at Something Classic Cafe read this and bring a smile to their face.  I've returned numerous times--get your 5 stars on.dmo out
4	I stopped into this cafe becasue I was parked too far from my original destination.  The place was empty as it was long after the lunch hour (approaching 4 PM).  There were many salads and sandwiches available, along with breads and dessert items.  It appears to be a nice cafe to have a quick lunch not far from your Uptown office.  I left with a bag of sweet potato chips flavored with rosemary and dil.  Odd you say?  Yes, it sounded odd, but being the "sweet potato" that I am, I gave it a shot.  Back in the car, it wasn't long before I realized I was eating them like potato chips.  It is a good thing I am open to new treats!  They are quite the snack, light and flavorful.
5	I love the ready to bake selections at this resturant. It makes cooking dinner simple! I'd recommend this resturant to anyone!
4	Salads are so fresh! Crispy crispy crispy. You know I need to eat salads for lunch all week to be healthy and all that. Well the chicken Caesar that you can pick up here is so fresh and crunchy it makes you forget it's good green stuff. The soups are awesome also and change daily  They have award winning sandwiches too. Try the Sophia or the Bogart. Walk in. Choose your item. Pay. Eat there or take out. Fast and easy. Great lunch spot. Fresh produce. Farm to table proactive. Good location for walking traffic. Indoor and in summer - outdoor seating.
5	Went in for soup but came out with cake!! They were out of the soup of the day, but the beautifully constructed little cake in the window caught my eye.  I have no regrets....it was spectacular.Chocolate chip layer cake with toasted coconut & almond frosting.  Easily one of the best slices of pastry I've ever eaten. Here's what appealed to me:  the cake was dense & moist.  It had that homemade taste that reminded me of my mom's chocolate chip bundt cake. The edges had caramelized against the heat of the pan so it added a great dimension to the flavor.  The frosting-to-cake ratio was perfect for me.Doing double classes at the Y today to clear out my arteries, but it was totally worth it.
5	Love this place. I come by when I'm in Charlotte for the day. Their Savannah salad with grilled chicken, Gorgonzola and sweet pecans is delicious. My other favorite is the Sophia Loren sandwich. A yummy combination of turkey and spinach artichoke spread on grilled sourdough. With a title like Sophia Loren, the sandwich had to live up to its name. Aside from the delicious entrees, they have beautiful homemade cakes and dinner items ready to pick up. If I lived in the area, I can guarantee we'd have a dinner from here one a week!The caramel cake didn't have much flavor but I bet the chocolate one is to die for.
5	I love this place.  The food is excellent.  Their sandwiches are the best and the best salads and soups.  I wish they bottled their tomato vinagrette.  The blue plate specials are wonderful too and usually sell out in the afternoon.  The eat-in space is quite small with outdoor furniture so not super comfy but I still love it.  I love the little back tucked away corner.  Great place to have lunch, read and people watch; perfect break from work.  P.S. I have used them to cater meetings and they did great as well.
