5	I have had a couple old batteries go bad at my office lately and after looking at them it made me wonder if anyone would even know what the batteries were and where I would be able to find a replacement. My first stop was Batteries plus. As soon as I walked in the store, I was greeted nicely, and helped immediately. They knew exactly what kind of battery I had and had a few options available. The pricing seemed to be fair for type and size of batteries that I had. I will definitely use them again.
4	Wandered in here in search of a place that can change out a watch battery.  I was in luck that day, and I was in and out in less than 10 minutes with a working watch on my wrist!Cost of the watch battery replacement was a little under $10... I think it was $8.99 plus the cost of the battery depending on the watch.  I did fail to ask how long the battery is good for, hopefully a long time but I am sure they will replace it if the battery is bad.Walking around the store while they were working on my watch, there are a number of items of interest.  Batteries (of course) for everything but I was also surprised that they carry light bulbs.  Ranging from standard to CFL and LEDs there are a bunch of cool things to look at in the store as far as light bulbs go.  I can't wait until LED's are a little bit more affordable before changing out my entire house and you don't have to worry about that mercury problem (CFL's).This location is a small store, but they pack a lot of small things - the staff is very friendly and helpful.  Very quick to replace watch batteries!
5	Fabulous service!  I bought a cell phone battery replacement and 2 C rechargeable batteries.  While I was there, the salesperson was speaking with a customer on the phone and gave great information about buying a certain battery at a local super store.  Gave the person great information about how much the battery should be, etc.  Also, see their website for coupons at the bottom of their page.  They are so nice there that you don't have to bring in the coupons -- just mention it.  http://www.batteriesplus.com/store_details/182.aspx
