3	This was my first time to the Macaroni Grill on Stephanie in Henderson. I don't remember the bread being so pungent of Rosemary.  Not being a big fan, the bread was lacking. The rest of the party simply didn't like it. The food was very tasty and the service was excellent. I had a gift certificate from a local car dealership that was worth $100.00. Good thing I had brought money with me, they wouldn't honor it, so check with the manager before you assume anything. It was a very good and enjoyable evening. I can see that reservations might be in order on holidays.
4	So just got done with a lunch here and I must say, I've avoided the food coma / 2pm feeling lolSurprisingly they have a new menu (or atleast new to me since its been forever since being here) that's amazingly healthy!!I had the scallop and spinach salad, ONLY 360 calories and Light and delicious! and only $12.99, split that and then added the Angus Beef Tenderloins over roasted vegetables mmm mmm mmm!! Total bill: $29 dollars with 2 glasses of complimentary house wine and two meals and hot bread BOO YAHH!!! That was a RADICAL yes Radical lunch!!!
5	The first time I came here is a blur as in so long ago But I went to one in L.a liked it so i came to this one. The place was kind of busy so we sat in the bar and the girl who took care of us was awesome. A bottle of wine and crayons were given to us quickly. And it was a date which she realized so I noticed she check first to see if she should come by. THIS was awesome of her. Anywhoo on to the Italian food. I got the oops.. too much wine. I think I got marinated chicken. and the date got a pasta bowl. WE loved it. Everything came out when it needed to. The stars were aligned. In fact, I can't wait to come back.And Seriously, an Italian place that lets you color on the table? I'm sold. Oh one last note. If your wondering if you should come here or say Olive garden... I'd pick here... :) :) Because the house wine is sooo much better.. Seriously.
1	Wow, one of the worst experiences with customer service I have ever had that has officially turned me off this location and possibly the entire franchise. We were seated really quickly to a booth and then our waitress came over. I know it wasn't just me that felt this because my friend also felt the same way, but she totally came off like she didn't want to be there at all. I know most people don't want to be at their jobs but it isn't our fault as customers, and you need to earn your tips. She was just very off-putting. She tried to "sell" a lot of items to us literally right as we sat down but had no feeling behind them, just like she was being forced to talk up specials, etc. Don't get me wrong, I know it's a servers job to talk up their products, but have some tact. She was just listing things to buy and it became annoying quickly. She left for our drink orders and came back to give us our drinks and set up the olive oil and pepper for the bread that she hadn't brought out yet. She literally put 1/6 of a teaspoon on the plate with the pepper. Yes because I'm sure between two people we will only want a teeny tiny piece of bread and be done. Looking at the menu, it looks as if they have changed a lot - and not for the better. The prices have gone up and the options have gotten less and less. I got the sheet to do the make your own pasta and it looks as if they took away a lot of the options for mix-ins. After ordering our waitress tried to crack a joke/sell my friend salad by referring my meal as "rabbit food". Aaaaand Adina is pissed. Eventually she brings out the bread and a minute later brings out my "rabbit food", aka a caesar salad. Salad was fine, and actually a decent portion size. During this time their computers went down and our waitress asked my friend what she ordered again. It happens, but there was still something off-putting about how she asked. The entire meal just seemed to be... tense. We get our food, and wow. My portion size couldn't be smaller. I remember when I used to order MYO pasta where there was so much that I had to take 3/4 of it home. I ended up finishing all of it. It was good, but the toppings and add-ins were lacking and it was just a sad little bowl of pasta. Definitely not what I was expecting especially for $10. My friend and her daughter seemed to like their food, but it got to the point where I was at the end of my water. I sat it on the end of the table for almost 10 minutes before someone who WASN'T our waitress came by to refill it and also got us an extra order of bread. It is a very bad sign when you get all the way down to your water to the point of sipping annoyingly, and then still having to wait almost 10 minutes for a refill. It was still about 5 minutes after that when our waitress finally came over to ask how we were doing. She tried pushing dessert on us by just leaving a dessert card with us, but it wasn't even a push so much as, "Yeah he's the desserts, whatever." Her attitude really came across like she did not care whatsoever which is why my tip reflected that I also did not care whatsoever. When the girl who fills water who you see for 2 minutes is the best part of the customer service for your entire night, something is wrong. Worst service I have ever had, I couldn't even really enjoy my meal because all I wanted to do was to get out of there and away from our waitress. It's sad that this Macaroni Grill has gone so downhill. The prices have skyrocketed, and the portions have gotten smaller. I don't think I will be coming back to this location again.
3	Basic Italian fare in a chain-style atmosphere. The service is excellent and you can draw on the tables. Nice food presentation, you can dine here without breaking the budget. Excellent desserts.
1	We love the Macaroni Grill. They catered our wedding. But we're from LA and we just moved to Henderson. It was our first year anniversary and we decided to revisit the food from our wedding. I had the Pasta Milano and it was awful. I was so upset. I had looking forward to this. That's my favorite dish at the Macaroni Grill and it sucked at this place. The bread is also one of the most awesome things and, again, at this particular location, it blew. Super dried out. My husband got the seafood linguine. Very bland and he kept having to pull shells out of his mouth. The waitress was a bit too laid back. Like she didn't care whether we were there or not. She was hardly there. I don't like waiters that hover either, but don't disappear especially when it's time to give us the check. Also, and this is probably the worst, filthy bathrooms. Oddly colored, no charm like the other Macaroni Grill's, dirt on floors, used seat covers on the floor. They looked like they hadn't been cleaned in weeks. We've been to great spots, ok spots, and this was just the very worst. We love the chain, but the management of each location is very important and this one just didn't have it. So disappointed. There's another location closer to the strip. Hopefully it has better standards. I just don't think I could handle living with my Pasta Milano.
2	I actually like coming to this location although they can get really busy and the wait times can be long. The servers are friendly ... and who doesn't like to write on the table with a crayon?I really enjoy the eggplant parmesan or chicken parmesan- their salad is remarkable and fresh with a lighter dressing than that of Olive Garden.For an Italian Chain Restaurant it is really good. The decor is nice with cafe italian style look. Definitely a fun place for a crowd... or an intimate dinner for TWO.Ok Addendum to the above review : Went here last night on a date. He ordered Chicken Alfredo , I ordered Chicken Parm. I liked my dinner ... did not like the appetizer stuffed mushrooms... (crab is usually not that fishy tasting)Also the salad had a funny taste.My server was nice ... but he was more interested in flirting with my date than serving us. Also getting a refill on water... Good thing I wasn't dehydrated because ... i had to keep asking.He did somewhat make up for it by filling a bag full of bread with our leftovers...Whatever!Won't be back for awhile!
2	FML!!!  This must have been my punishment for a wrong i've commited in the past.  I ate at the Macaroni Grill yesterday evening against the better judgement of my stomache.  We were sat quickly and is the case with any chain restaurant nothing was too catchy about the decor, consistancy made for the masses.   We ordered our food and it  was nothing less then what can only be described as a step above a poo sandwhich.  The pasta was over cooked, meatballs had little or no flavor to distiguish it from ground beef.  Even downing  2 glasses of wine did nothing to wash the bland taste out of my mouth.  I'm giving this 2 stars.  1 for the service.  The server was on her game, friendly but would probably do better to work at a restraunt with better food.  The other star is for the desserts,  our lemon cake was moist and sherbert was cool and tasty.  My advice: Sacrifice the convenience of a chain and find a place worth the money.  For what we spent vs what we recieved, we came out the loser.
4	Went here for a friend's birthday a few weeks ago.... The staff is friendly and food was great. I had chicken pasta and the crab stuffed mushrooms and calamari. No complaints here...
2	Had lunch here with a friend.  Hadn't been here in 10 years.  Our server brought a crusty warm bread loaf to dip in the olive oil.  The olive oil tasted old; (it was the bottom of the bottle.)    I ordered the chicken sandwich/pasta fagioli lunch combo.  The soup was watery.  Pasta Fagioli is usually similar to chili with pasta; this was not.  I did like the little pasta discs.  The chicken sandwich was just a chicken sandwich.  Nothing special.  My friend had the spaghetti bolognese.  She said the sauce was not that good.  It was sparse on her spaghetti.It will probably be another 10 years before I return.  It was just okay.
3	Had dinner with the hub and kid and her friend. We arrived about 530 pm on a Saturday and were seated immediately. The worst thing I can say is that it took over ten minutes to the servers attention. We were beginning to get frustrated with not receiving the wonderful bread the give everyone, or drinks. Finally our server took our drink and appetizer order, and eventually brought us the bread. From that point, she was great. Refills brought right before the glass was empty, checking on everything, and very friendly. I had the Calabrese Strip, mid rare with potatoes. I completely loved it. The whole thing was great. The hub ordered Chicken Marsala and was very happy. His only complaint was he wished for more sauce. But he loved the pasta so much that he even took home what he didn't finish. The girls had lasagna and Chicken Parm. The bottom of the lasagna was burnt, but the rest was fine. As usual, the kid loved the Chicken Parm. We all had Caesar salads, which were nothing special. We ordered the sampler as an appetizer. When it arrived, it seemed quite small. It included Brushetta,  fried mozzarella sticks and fried calamari. The kids snagged the mozzarella and devoured it. With two pieces of cheese and two pieces of bread for the Brushetta, it made for a small snack. The calamari was over cooked and chewy. Overall, it was an enjoyable meal, with a friendly server and great entrees. We will be back.
1	Disclaimer: As a former long-time restaurant server, I can put up with a lot when it comes to eating out somewhere... But this was too much! I went here with some co-workers after work on a Monday night at 5. Place looked like a ghost-town, but that just means better service, right? Wrong! Our server never asked us what we wanted to drink, even after we had been sitting there 20 minutes. All he said was, "You guys want some calamari?". They were out of it anyways, even if we wanted it.  We ordered and he didn't write it down, and messed it up when he tried to recall what we all ordered. Didn't ask if we wanted any soup or salads. I had to ask for one, after he had already put in the order and everyone else wanted one too (he almost missed out on $15 more in sales!). He brought out one cold little bread loaf for the 6 of us. We had to ask for bread and drink refills constantly. Our food arrived so much later, and the restaurant was still empty! Everything was cold, and the guy looked offended when we asked for him to heat it up. The plates came back to us 15 min later with half the amount of food on them than when we sent it back!  We each ordered different desserts to share and they all had that 'frozen' taste to them. This guy definitely didn't want to be there and shouldn't.  Should have gone to Famous Dave's across the street like we had initially planned. At least they are friendly there, and I can overlook bad food if I have a great server!
2	Food was OK, service was good. But it was so hot We could not enjoy it. Server said its been hot for a few weeks. Sorry its in acceptable.  I will not go back to this location.  There is no reason for 83 degrees, yes 83 I looked at the thermistat set at 74 reading at 83.  If your AC is broke fix it if your store is 83 degrees close it until it is fixed.  My friends face was flushed because of the heat.
2	I've eaten here before and it was okay, I would prefer Olive Garden if given the choice of chain Italian. But I had a BOGO coupon so we caved.Staff was friendly, the wait staff could've been a bit more attentive, but we didn't need to be anywhere.My wine was delish, I was lucky enough to score a second glass since they were unaware that I got my first glass.Of course they bring the free loaf of Herb Ciabatta bread, I don't like it, never have, my husband loves it though.I ordered the Chicken Parmesean with spaghetti, it was pretty good. My husband got Mama's Trio (chicken parmesan, lasagna bolognese, chicken cannelloni). His was good too, he didn't care for the lasagna, but I thought it was alright. We asked for the leftovers in a to go container, and the waiter crammed everything into one container, with the chicken parm on the bottom so it gets nice and soggy. I would rather pack my own leftovers, we opened it later and it was a block of Italian food. Not good.The only reason it was worth going, was the coupon.
1	I generally write reviews after eating at a restaurant, or staying at a hotel. This time, I would just like to write a review about what is going on on the other side of the business. My wife recently worked for this restaurant as a server, and to say that they treated her like a servant. After a couple of weeks of ridiculous training (including more homework than college), she was then put to work. The shifts were short at first, but she was able to make some decent tips. She said that the managers were in the process of changing everything. The menu, the way of service, etc. Long story short, eventually the managers were having my wife and other employees cleaning the restaurant after their shifts because they fired the cleaning crew. The shifts were cut to almost nothing. The reason these other reviews are so bad is because this is a company in disarray. They treat their employees poorly, and this reflects on how they feel about their customers. They are really trying to make the most money off of every person who walks in the door. They didn't fix the broken air conditioning. What does that tell you? Just a mess. Do not patronize them because you will be disappointed.
1	i would never have gone here since i hate italian chain places but we were given a gift certificate. So here is the breakdownCalamari- I could have fit the whole order in my hand. I was overdone and the worst i ever had.-Eggplant Parm- Me wife had this and took three bites. She said it was under cooked and very bland. I tried a forkfull of the pasta that came with it. No taste at all-Lasagna Bolognese. So - so. It was not that bad for a chain place but i would not go back for it-Tapas meatballs. They were drowned in sauce and carmalized onion..apparently for a reason. to cover up their horrid taste. The only chain place i would order pastas are Cheesecake Factory, they are all good there!!
1	This place is horrible! Came in to the curbside service and it took about 10 minutes before any one actually helped us, then another 40 min. to get our food. While we were waiting one of the cooks dropped a spoon and then put it back into the food container. I will never go here ever again!!!
3	I received a Macaroni Grill gift card from a coworker so my husband and I stopped in on a weekday evening for dinner. There was a short wait for tables, so we started our in the bar area. The bartender was busy serving the tables in the bar area but quickly acknowledged our presence and hussled to get us drinks when he was able to do so. Out wait wasn't long, a sweet hostess took us to our table. It had been a while since we had been to Macaroni Grill, and the menu had been changed since that last visit. My husband was disappointed they no longer served pasta fagioli, or even minestrone. He decided to skip the soup of the day and we instead tried the Italian Tapas, which were a special offer... 2 for $9 I believe? The Baked Prosciutto & Mozzarella was fantastic, I wish we had just ordered a couple of those. The Oven-Fired Artichoke Hearts were a disappointment, very bland. For our entrees my husband had the Chicken Under a Brick. I had the Spaghetti with Meatballs. Overall it was ok. Not great, but ok. Service was friendly and efficient, otherwise this would be a 2 star review. Despite the experience being "A-OK" I don't see us returning anytime soon, unless I get another gift card. If I am going to spend my own money on food, I want more flavor then Macaroni Grill seems to be able to offer.
2	The service was friendly & nice. Stuffed mushrooms a little too peppery.   The food was rather unimpressive. My "go to" meal for years as been the pasta milano & husband's is the pasta rustica.  (We've been going to the chain together for over 12 years.)  Mine was not what it used to be-barely taste the sauce. I realize in this economy that they are trying things to save money, but they shouldn't to it at the expense of taste. Yuck. I used to love taking home left overs. This time, leaving it here.
2	These people get 2 stars because the manager was nice,  but it was some of the worst food I have ever experienced.We had a couple appetizers (fried mac n' cheese, shrimp on toast) which were decent, but nothing special.  What stood out in particular was the Mama's Trio.  This includes lasagna, chicken parmesan, and chicken cannelloni.  The lasagna was obviously reheated (who hasn't had reheated lasagna at one point or another), they didn't even bother to reheat the cannelloni ( or as I call it, cold, rock hard pasta burrito).  The chicken was decent, but again, I expect more for $18 dollars.  All in all, a pretty bad experience here.  I'd rather eat a Banquet TV dinner, at least that way I could save $16.50.
1	Ok...I know that it's a chain restaurant, however, there are great ones..this is not one of them.  This place is terrible.  My husband, father and I went there for dinner last night because we had shopping to do in the area.  It was so bland and overpriced. Our server must have been new, at least I hope she has some kind of  an excuse.  My father got his dinner first, then I got mine, then about 5-10 minutes later my husband got his.  Since we are not rude people, we wait until everyone has there food before we start to eat.  No apologies, no excuses, none what so ever for the timing. So, I usually like to make my comments short....don't go....terrible food, worse service,
4	Really nice ambiance and service. The food was delicious and the Tiramusu was great for dessert.
1	Dreadful!!  Spaghetti and meatballs, yuck, cold pasta, packaged frozen meatballs, just terrible.  Hubby had a combo dish with "lasagna", chicken parmigiana, and cannoli.  Dreadful.  Cold, no sauce, cannoli was kinda like a nasty pasta burrito, chicken tough and cold, lasagna just layers of ricotta and noodles--obviously fresh from the freezer.  Yuck.  Both "meals" straight from freezer to microwave to table.  We will not be back.
1	Before I begin this review, I will say that I've had a couple of other trips to this same Macaroni Grill location, and both of them have been satisfactory. However, this last trip I had was the absolute worst. The waitress was rude, and unhelpful as far as her knowledge about the wines were concerned. Our food took 45 minutes to and hour to arrive, and it when it did, it was so unappetizing. Not to mention the fact that I had ordered two glasses of wine and the waitress "forgot". All the pasta dishes at the table (there were five of us), were cold and had that hardened look to it that pasta has when it's left out too long.The only item that we ordered that came out decently, was the calamari. We did bring this to the attention of the manager, who was very nice and gave us 50% off of our whole meal. I was just extremely disappointed with the service, and don't plan to return to this location again.
5	Great food! I will be back!!
2	Sorry Romano's Macaroni Grill but it seems that your quality of food has gone down quite a bit since the last time I ate there. While the staff is is pleasant, the food is sub-par at best. I remember how a couple of years ago, I used to love going here. What happened RMG? Did the economy force you to take shortcuts with food prep? Or did it cause you to switch to using lower quality ingredients? Regardless, our experience was decent in terms of service but food was bland and boring. The fried macaroni bites had no flavor to them what so ever but do admit the fried sole was awesome. Overall though, I think RMG went the way of Olive Garden in terms of Italian food.
2	My friend and I used to come here after class to grab a quick lunch to eat. Anyways the lunch menu is around $8-12 depending what choices you get.  The portions were good enough but it was short of amazing.  Personally, I liked the pasta it was descent.  I wouldnt mind going back here again, I thought. We came back again to RMG again during lunch and came back to a horrible experience.  We were seated near the bar area and it took like 15minutes for someone to finally realize we were there and when the server took our orders. It was about 25-30minutes till we got our food and it was cold when it arrived.  We ended up not finishing the food and waited for the server to come back.He asked how everything was and we let him know that the food was cold and the service was not great.  He comped our meal and we left.  From then, I knew I wouldnt come back here again.  However, about a week ago I went back to have lunch there again since it has been almost a year since I havent gone back to RMG and it finally concluded the fact why I wouldnt want to come back here again. The complimentary bread was hard and not tasteful.  We ordered the $2 entrees for $25 ( two appetizers and two entrees) we ordered the mac & cheese bites some other appetizer. Both appetizers tasted bland and it seemed like it was just microwaved.  The entrees were average, its only good if youre hungry but other than that, go somewhere else to fill your appetite for italian food.
2	Went here for lunch, around 12:30, and was promptly sat at a table, offered beverages and informed about specials by Matt. Later our server, Rowdy, came took our order and deliver our food in a prompt manner. Rowdy then was not to be seen for the rest of our stay. We finished our lunch, a table behind us was sat, lunch order taken and relived before we had to flag someone down to get the check. It seemed as if Matt was the only one working and Rowdy was no where to be seen.The prices are fair, the bread is AMAZING, the food is OK, but the service is lacking.
3	This place is okay if you're in the mood for some quick Italian-American dishes and want something better than the Olive Garden. I think it depends on what you order. The "create your own pasta" is pretty good and the ingredients and sauces are of okay quality. I ordered fried zucchini once and it was an oily mess and the mushroom ravioli clearly tastes re-heated. My husband ordered the chicken parm and we both liked it. It's hit or miss and we've only been here a couple of times. The ambiance is nice. I'm apparently 12 years old, so I enjoy drawing penises at the table....
3	I come here with my best friend on a regular basis  usually for a light lunch and some drinks.  We have had 4 or 5 different servers over the last year and  they have always been friendly and willing to accommodate  any special requests or answer any questions. No one has been spectacular but all have been average or very good  and everyone has always been friendly and welcoming. The lunches typically are Italian Tapas or lunch specials, soup and salad. I have had pasta dishes on occasion and they are just OK. The tapas, soup salad and bread have been pretty good Light and flavorful especially on a summer day.  Perfect for a light lunch and talking. The wine  and cocktail menu is a decent selection for a chain and tend to have a good variety of flavors. The food I would give close to 3-3.5 stars. It is in a great shopping center. Ulta  and Pier 1 for her and Total Wine for me.
4	Hubby and I go for their Pick 2 lunch entrees.  Carmela's chicken gets me every time - it's THAT good.
4	Fresh off the heels of my latest review of the day comes... this place. Hey, you don't get to use a coupon for a free(!) lunch every day, so back off!My friend didn't end up going. Actually, I waited until the later afternoon since I was wary of the lunch hour rush. When I did get there, it worked out better than I imagined when I was seated right away and got my food almost suspiciously fast.The lunch combination allows for a choice of two of a small array of soups, salads, pastas, and half sandwiches. I went with the Roasted Turkey half sandwich (kinda blind, and arugula bitterness came out) and the Carmela's Chicken (great pasta, but awkward bowl made it hard to balance chicken and shrooms in bites). It came with a small loaf of rosemary bread, which was pretty tasty with or without the olive oil and measly helping of vinegar. They have olive oil bottles at each table for easy refilling, but no vinegar bottles, which I thought was unusual.Overall, I enjoyed the price of free (+tip), but $8.50 is pretty reasonable for a lunch combo at a sit-down place anyway.
4	Wow, I amazed at the low scores this place has received.  I have been here at least 10 times and I have never had a BAD experience.  I admit that on one or two occasions the servers were not at their best, but generally I have had great service and great food.  I am not huge on too many pasta dishes so I have stuck to what I love here.  The bowtie pasta with chicken and garlic is SOOOO delicious.  My 5 year old actually loves this place too, so kids can certainly enjoy a meal here.
3	Have been coming here for years, and always received good service and very good food.  Went there yesterday, and got absolutely great repeat service from Jonathan (always a hoot).Wife and I both tried new dishes and thoroughly enjoyed them.The BIG downside was we could no longer enjoy a "cozy" seating because all the top partitions were removed!So now, all patrons can see all other patrons across the entire restaurant.....But the worst part is now the noise from the entire restaurant hits every table.  There were times I could not hear what my wife was saying, with her sitting across from me.What should have been a quiet, relaxing meal on a Saturday afternoon was a constant 'what - say again?'Not sure of the reason to chop off the tops of all booths, but it was not a good decision.We will probably go elsewhere next time, coupons or not
2	Have been going to the place since it opened in the 90's.  Over the past few years the service has really taken a dive at this location. It seems to me that this bad service is not the fault of the wait staff, but more the fault of whoever is managing this place.  The wait staff is always running around frantically trying to tend to all of their tables. It is apparent that the place is chronically understaffed or whatever workflow they have is not effective. If you do have the patience to through the process of getting the waiter's attention, and ordering drinks, and waiting for bread that is almost always "in the oven", waiting to order desert, and waiting for the check, the food isn't that bad.
2	We used to eat here so much they knew our names. Not anymore. The food, which i love when done properly, is old, dried out, and unappetizing. The service has sadly gone downhill too. I can almost always spot Poor management, and this is one of those cases. Save yourself the trouble & dine elsewhere.
2	Ate here last night for dinner for what was sadly the last time, in all honesty. Used to LOVE this place, but it has gone downhill dramatically over the past year or so.Evening was off to a bad start when a runner to the bar felt the need to walk *between* my wife and I rather than simply walking around is in the otherwise spacious lobby area.Once seated we placed our order for apps and dinner. Apps were fine. Salads are now 1/2 the size they used to be but 30% higher price. I could almost excuse this if it weren't for the rest of the evening...Wife's dinner came out promptly... And cold. Sent it back and was told my meal would be right out. My dinner arrived 10 minutes later. Wife's lukewarm meal returned 5 minutes after that. Waitress finally arrived where I had to ask for grated Parmesan for my meal that was on the way to being finished. Asked for a refill on iced tea. 10 minutes later had to ask for iced tea again.Very disappointed that this place has declined so noticeably. Hate to say it, but this was our last visit. A longtime customer has had enough of being let down.
4	Let me start by saying, i did not pick this place, I would never have picked this place and honestly, I am amazed I like this place....I also sent my meal back...twice...And yet I still ended up liking this place, but more on that later.One member of our family was asked where he would like to eat, he came up with Macaroni grill, as the family has been trying to get him to broaden his outlook on food, we were hamstrung, crappy wannabe chain store Italian food when we know a great Italian place (Bon Gusto)...Oh well.The menu is simple, the classics are there, no major surprises.Mr Expanding his outlook on food orders a...Pizza...FFS, it's at this point I wish Yelp had smiley icons, the one beating his head against a wall would work well.The food.Chicken under a brick....Surprisingly good, chicken was moist, it just needed a sauce to go with it.Chicken Scaloppine... Very good, the sauce was actually one of the best Scaloppine sauce I have tried, shocking in fact.Lasagna Bolognese.... Right, this is where it went pear shaped, firstly, nobody can make a better lasagna than my mother made, she took the receipt to the grave sadly, but it is rare that something comes close...and this wasn't one of those occasions, however, it is a darn good lasagna, certainly a dish I would order again.However, two of us ordered it, they both came out, we were warned the dishes were hot..no worries, i have a nice view of the kitchen and they were not sitting under a heat lamp...So hot food right...Well no, both lasagnes came out ice cold, I don't mean cold, I mean like biting into a piece of ice. Waiter grabbed, food back to the kitchen, manager doing a very good job of saying sorry.A quick break, this lady shows how it should be done, anyone who has eaten out a number of times knows that every now and again something will go wrong, the waiter is handling a hot plate, he will have no clue the food is cold so he gets a pass, but the manager explained that the situation shouldn't happen, and she did it in a way that actually came across as sincere, something some managers have a hard time doing.Anyways, one lasagna comes back out, goes to the mother in law, perfect, nice and hot, then mine came out.....Not expecting it to still be made of ice I took a big bite and yes it was ice cold.Here is a funny thing, the manager was standing in the kitchen watching me, we make eye contact, she can tell I am not...impressed...Imagine the Flintstones carton, where Fred and Barney get in the car and their feet kick up a dust storm but they don't move, that was her, sadly, she didn't get to me before I managed to have a minor melt down....It's bad I know, but if food is sent back because it is cold, the dish going out to replace it should be hot, there should be no questions.For some reason the waiter declined my offer to have him eat it, you know, just in case i was losing my mind and the food was actually hot, he actually looked shocked that  would make the nice friendly offer (again, Yelp, where are the smileys?)Anyways, the manager made it to the table and well frankly, I think she is my long lost twin, she had the exact same look on her face that i do when an employee does something and I wonder "WTF were you even thinking" all while trying to keep a smile on her/my face for the customer.5 minutes later she came out with the next lasagna, nice and hot.I looked over at the kitchen, the chefs were all walking to the prep area behind the kitchen, I have to guess that the manager gave them a pep talk...Something along those lines.Anyways, as we are finishing the meal, raving about the Scaloppine sauce my father in law mentions that it was rather strange that we had not seen the manager again.She picked that moment to appear, both lasagnas are taken of the bill and the way she apologized again made it seem like she was more shocked that a cold meal came out of her kitchen not once, but twice, in other words, this is a lady who takes pride in the food, yes it may be chain store wanna be Italian, but it was clear she expects it to be done right.Anyways, after a couple of failed attempts, it actually turned out to be a good meal, the food was surprisingly tasty, not amazing but it was better than I thought it would be. Service was good, drinks refilled quickly etc.Would I go back, well honestly, it wouldn't be my first choice, but I wouldn't put up a fight if others wanted to go.
3	We visited this restaurant during the nightly happy hour and sat at the bar.  On our first round of drinks I ordered an Italian mojito (Bacardi rum, mulled mint, Campari and La Marca prosecco (4 Sips out of 5)) while A my wife requested a blood orange cosmo (Ketel One orange, blood orange (2.5 Sips)). On our next round my wife ordered the Italian mojito while I chose a Sorrento Lemonade (absolut vodka, Il Tramonto lemoncello and fresh lemonade (3 Sips) We enjoyed an order of spicy ricotta meatballs in a pommodoro sauce (2.5 Forks) which were tasty, but ricotta free from what we could tell.
1	My girl friend and I ate here for lunch one day and sat in the bar area, at a booth. They took over 10 minutes to bring our drinks and then this bartender named Jonathon came over to take our orders. Jonathon was SO ANNOYING. He kept cracking jokes and offering appetizers, side salads, desserts... things we just weren't interested in ordering. He recommended a dish for me, I ended up not liking it and when he asked I told him I didn't care much for it, and he just shrugged and walked away. He seemed to ignore us for the rest of the meal. It was awkward and I won't go back simply bc I don't ever want to have Jonathon as my server.
5	I have eaten at several Macaroni Grills across the country, but this one was by far, my favorite! My waitress, Shelly, was absolutely amazing. As many times as I have eaten here, I have never been serenaded until tonight. I don't know how she knew that that particular song from The Phantom of the Opera was my favorite one, but, I was awestruck and very impressed! Thank you so much Shelly for an amazing dining experience! I can not wait until I return! Shelly will be my regular waitress every time I eat at that particular location! Amazing voice and great personality. Truly the best part of my whole night!
4	Hubby and I ate here while on a business trip. Chose this restaurant as we had a gift card. The place was surprisingly empty and we were seated right away. Our server was a delightfully charming young lady, willing to answer many questions. As he is not a fan of pasta, Hubby ordered a steak, with the mac and cheese side. I ordered Penne Rustica, only substituted angel hair for the penne. We both ordered caesar salads, which were accompanied by a deliciously crusty bread. Our meals were surprisingly tasty, our only complaint being that we were unable to finish them after the wonderful caesar sald and bread. We are not usually fans of chain restaurants for a nicer meal, however, this was  a nice, unpretentious, well prepared, consistent meal. We would go back.
4	My experience here has been nothing but pleasant. Keep in mind that this is a chain, not a mom and pop shop, but the food exceeds chain quality and beats out Olive Garden by a thousand miles. The complimentary peasant bread is to-die-for. Crusty, soft, warm with rosemary. I'm usually quite satiated by the time my ordered food arrives. I will keep on coming back for the Penne Rustica. I love anything rosemary-the dish has a rosemary cream sauce w/ salty delicious prosciutto, chicken and shrimp. This dish doesn't tase like something that comes from a chain. Make sure to get some tiramisu to finish off. Bon apetit Ps. There is a gluten free menu and they have a create your own pasta if none on the menu appeals to you.
5	My wife, 10 month old baby and I came here one evening for dinner on a trip to Henderson to visit friends. We were seated promptly and offered beverages right away. One of the servers sang Italian opera and showtoons and she was amazingly talented! Turns out that she used to have a show on the strip. It definitely showed and our daughter was enraptured with as she sang to her, it was very sweet. We had Appetizers, the baked prosciutto with mozzarella. Salty, but isn't that how prosciutto is supposed to be? for main dishes We had seabass and penne pasta with red sauce. was great as always and the place seemed very well run with polite service. We will be back for sure!
4	Great service, got half off a bottle of wine. My daughter was entertained by Shelly's beautiful singing! :D It did get a little hot though, like really hot like the AC might be going out, I don't know
3	It was nice of the sommelier to come to our table to tell us about the wines & give us samples,  but after like the fourth time he disrupted our dinner I was ready to run. Too bad too because the chicken parmesan was really tasty.
1	Horrible service! Waitress was Lorraine. She couldn't answer any questions bout the food. Didn't explain how the trio combo works. Never checked on me. They didn't pick up any of my dirty dishes til the end of my meal. Found a Nat in my salad and the mgr Jed had his nerve to argue that it wasn't a bug! I didn't ask him I was telling him. Never again will I spend another dollar there. It's not the only Italian place around. Mgr offered to comp my whole meal. I refused offer because I felt he was trying to win me over.. Didn't work, that's why I'm letting other people know... And it was 11am so it wasn't even busy so there was no excuse for the service!!!!!  McDonald gives you better service....
2	My husband and I went in for lunch. They were not busy at all. The hostess set us over by the bar in which the bartender Freddie was out waiter.  He came over to our table and assumed we wanted wine and started to pour and we both said NO we don't want wine. So he asked surprisingly oh what would you like? We ordered a Coke and an Iced Tea. He brought us our drinks and after 15 min brought us some house bread. I said it looked good and he said it was fresh out of the oven. When I went to cut it, it was cold and HARD as a rock!! So we both tried a piece and left the bread. Another 15 min went by and he came for us to order. He tried pushing appetizers and we said no we are ready for food!! We ordered and he went away. We were out of our drinks and he never looked our way he was being to suave to the young girls around!!Our meal finally arrived. My husband got Alfredo and I got Carmella's chicken. He asked if we wanted fresh grated cheese and we said of course. He disappeared and did not come back for 10 min after we started to eat and the cheese was in a bowl. The food was good just small portions and they both could have used a little more sauce to them. Oh and I had to ask him for more drinks even after we saw him look directly at the empty glasses.We were both done eating and he came over and asked if we wanted dessert we said no we are done!! Ready to go. He said ok and left. We saw him mix drinks and walk around. Finally after 20 min my husband raised his voice to get his attention to give us our check. We got the check and immediately my husband gave him our card. Then he had an issue processing our transaction. 10 min later he finally came back and stood around like he was waiting for a tip!! NOT FROM THIS TABLE!! We have been here previously several times and we always walk out unhappy. We will not be back at this location!!!
1	Absolute GARBAGE! The service sucks, the food wouldn't interest you dog, and the place is a mess. I won't be back
4	I've been to this location a number of times over the last 5 years or so.  Yesterday was my first trip back in about a year.Service:  Exceptional.  Our server was Brent, and he is a very pleasant, personable waiter.  He was always on it when it came to refilling my water, and delivered our food as quickly as the kitchen could get it out. (see below)Food: Appetizer:  This time we had the baked olives.  This is a new appetizer, and I absolutely approve.  Salty kalmattas, and other various olives, baked with a tiny bit of parm on top...absolutely delicious.  Salads:  My friend and I ordered salads as our mains. I had the chicken caesar, he ordered the warm spinach salad with scallops instead of shrimp.The cook was new, and apparently wasn't quite ready for the 6 tickets that came in at the same time...he made my friend's salad with shrimp, so our server had to tell him to remake it with scallops this time.  My friend and I watch a LOT of Gordon Ramsay, and so when we saw the plate go back as soon as it was set up on the pass, we knew they had to refire scallops.  No biggie, really, although it wasn't super busy in there...we're pretty understanding people though. When the salads came, mine was delicious.  If I had to make one complaint, I'd say that it was just a touch too heavily dressed.  I ate almost every bite anyway. :DMy friend's salad was missing the proscuitto, but Brent brought some out for us.  After that was added, his salad was delicous as well.  The scallops were delightful, and I am PICKY about scallops.  It was a great experience.  I will come back again for sure.  I've never had bad service, and the food has always been good when I come.
5	Soo good. Friendly staff. Nough said
2	I hate to give 1 star, so 2 will do. My boyfriend and I came here for dinner around 6:00 on a Sunday evening, it looked a little busy so the 10 minute wait for a booth sounded great! The manager apologized and I assured him we were fine with that. First, the poor hostess was so lost and confused,  she was wondering around looking so stressed out trying to help buss tables, looked like her first job. The busser was no where to be found I only saw him twice the whole night, it almost seemed as if he was washing dishes and didn't have time to buss. The whole night we sat with the last tables dirty cups and dishes stacked above our head at the booth.Second, Our bartender was our server so I expected a little wait, no one brought us bread until we asked, and when brought out it was just thrown on the table, no oil was served or anything,  nobody even introduced themselves. Meanwhile,  our order went in at 6:20 at 6:50 our main dish was served, it looked as if it was sitting on the counter for 15 minutes and a little cold, but wasn't to big to complain so we just asked for some extra sauce to moist it back, by 7:10 the extra sauce was delivered as well as our appetizer salads... My boyfriend has order the chicken parmesan,  he asked for bowtie noodles and unfortunately got thick string noodles.Hey my pinapple mojito was delicious!!Finally, our check was brought out our bartender apologized for the horrible service he knew was served and comped everything from our bill except  our salads, I was thankful.I wanted to add a server in particular,  unfortunately I do not know his name, but I made sure I went out of my way to thank him for everything because he was the one making sure we ordered, our food was delivered, our condiments were brought out, refilled waters, he basically did everything, defiantly the only one who could hold his composure at a busy rate.
4	I liked it. They revamped the menu and removed the pics so I had to go on my phone to see what everything is. The bread is a bit more doughy than before, but the rest of the menu is pretty great. Their sauce is good, not tomato paste-sugar infused like in most places. My husband who is italian really loved it and did not complain at all. That's half a star right there. Everyone enjoyed it and our waitress sang for us and managed to bring everything hot out off the kitchen.
4	This is one of our favorite chain restaurants to have dinner. Our server, Odie, always makes the evening enjoyable. The kids love the bread and their scaloppine is great.
2	The only couple things that were good were the tea and the bread. The four of us ate for lunch and the food was barely warm. Two of us tried the butter squash tortellini. It was to have crispy prosciutto and it was soggy and the butternut squash was cut way to big. Another had the shrimp pasta.  It was very bland even after adding salt and pepper.Will not return to this chain.
4	This is our favorite casual dinner location. Between the grilled salmon with veges, the wine selection, the big booths and the large butcher paper on the table complete with crayons - it is an easy way to enjoy dinner and keep the kids occupied. Plus I really like the waiters and waitresses at this location. They are very attentive, pleasant and knowledgeable.When it is busy, just relax and they will take good care of you. I am always impressed with the waiters and waitresses at this location ... did I already say that?
1	Absolutely inedibly disgusting.  I expect mediocre food- but this was downright awful, putrid garbage.  Don't waste your money!  Go to Ventano's- similar pricing with actual food.  Never again.
1	Overall, Long wait for food, although restaurant was quite empty; flavorless appetizers and entrees; uninterested waiters; unsanitary environment......Went here for dinner with my s.o.  When entering, was quickly greeted  No table was "ready," although there were many empty tables, but the host needed to clean the booth before we could sit.  About 5 minutes later we were seated.  We received bread, but in the middle of preparing the oil for the bread, the host, who ended up being our waiter for part of our meal, stopped and ran to get something for another customer, then returned to finish.  The menu was crusty with old food stains on them.  I tried the Bellini, which was too sweet, my s.o. initially ordered the Mojito, but they were out of mint, so he ordered a cosmo that was not good and most was spilled on the table because the cup was over filled.  Our second drink orders were taken by a different server, Freddie, our appetizer was served by yet another server, and then our meal was served incorrectly by Freddie, that took our order, never wrote it down, and ended up serving me the wrong meal.  When i mentioned this, the server quickly took my plate, and went to grab the correct plate, but did not alert me to the fact that he had not just grabbed the wrong plate, so I had to wait another 10 minutes for my food.  By the time the food came, I was ready to leave, I asked for a to go box and the check as he was placing my plate on the table.  We sampled our meals, and just like the appetizer, salad and pasta before the main dish, all seemed to be very bland, and reminded us of microwave dinners.  We were quite disappointed by the many servers (we still don't know who our waiter was, but did recognize the fact that we only saw them sporadically), we were unhappy with the quality of the food and drinks, and as we left, we both visited the restrooms.  Had I seen the restroom before we sat down for a meal, I would have eaten elsewhere.  EAT HERE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
1	Went here for a birthday dinner. Place was busy as it was dinner rush, heard the sound of plates crashing and server came around corner with two of our plates dropped one, pasta was hanging off edge of mine, my jaw almost dropped when server used his hand to flip my pasta back on my plate and placed it in front of me. Yum yum. Ate here another time as I was taking a bite of my ckn parmesan server stopped by to check on us. I fished out a 3 inch strand of hair out of the mouthful I had right in front of her ? Go to Tony Roma's or any place else.
1	We went to an early dinner today. There was hardly anyone in the restaurant, and after 10 minutes of being ignored by the host, we left.  This is my first time back here in a couple of years, and will never go again.
1	Really this cost money I have had better food on cheap buffets. Bread and tea was ok. Had chicken Marsala little chicken pieces not to bad until you got a bite of the garlic it was bad. Would not go back if it was free. Wife had chicken under a brick the potatoes where cold chicken was dry. Not recommended. Go to bk
1	Took over 10 minutes to be seated when the place was almost empty. Took another 10 minutes to even get our drinks ordered. We ordered our appetizer and meals - the waiter completely for got our appetizer but brought out our orders. The food didn't taste as good as I've come to expect from Macaroni Grill. The food seemed rushed and lacked flavor. Also noticed that there seemed to be a lack of staff. Definitely won't be returning to this particular location.
4	Good food; friendly staff. There was even a singing waiter who had a pretty good voice!
5	Have taken my family here a few times and I've not had a bad experience!Staff are friendly, food is fresh, portions are great, and they're always changing it up!Favorite dish would have to be the Warm Spinach Salad substituted with Grilled Salmon! Special on appetizers is 2 for $9, so we'll get the Zucchini Fritti (which used to be be thinner) and Meatballs! Lots of steak/chicken/seafood entrees and pasta items to choose from! They have a great wine list too! Forever a fan!
1	It had been awhile since last eating here, so I was excited in hopes of a good dinner.  Service was barely ok, but the food was just tasteless, bland and they seemed to give a lot of the stuff. Server forgot to bring my daughters soup, brought it with her dinner. We ordered two of our meals without any chicken. Half way through the meal, we found something that looked like chicken but it so tough it could not be cut. We ask the server what the heck it was and she took it off to the kitchen area.  She returned and said it was chicken...really tough chicken are her exact words!  Gross!!I had the Shrimp Portofino, again, a lot of it, and it was so bland, I had to add olive oil, salt and pepper it was still only ok.  The Shrimp had the tails still on, which was difficult to eat around and strange.  We explained that we ordered no chicken, due to not eating any meat, and it was gross, they did nothing ...but bring us our bill.  Then....THAT LADY started to sing to us. We quickly paid and left....never to return!On a previous visit to this location, we were with a large group and my youngest daughter was sitting at the end of the table and the waiter spilled an entire glass of lemonade on her.  She was not injured, but very uncomfortable. Apologies offered, nothing more. So with this experience and tonight's....we will never return!  Stay clear !
3	Terrible service. Mediocre food (at best). Very disappointed because I raved to my boyfriend how much I enjoyed dining here 2 nights prior.  I am a huge fan of Macaroni Grill and enjoyed my dining experience at the other locations.  Sadly, I will not be returning to this particular location. I am not sure if the terrible service was due to a couple (male and female) table next to us which appeared to be someone from the corporate offices.  Basically said table was lecturing the MOD and staff on ways to improve. I thought it was hilarious because the wait staff that was tending to our table were no where to be found and we were there for well Over an hour! Keep in mind there were ( yes I actually counted) 17 people dining for lunch and approximately 10 wait staff. Regardless the service was horrible and the food was okay :( sad because I had set my heart on eating the butter lettuce salad! It really is delicious and I highly recommend it. Unfortunately this time my salad was missing the onions and cheese :( The appetizer meatballs are yummy!!! Be warned it is on the spicy side.  I highly recommend this appetizer and only this appetizer. The truffle macaroni was chalky and so was the fondue which was also skimpy on the prosciutto (one strip). Overall my expectations were very high at this location because of my previous experience.  I will for sure be going back to macaroni grill but maybe not this location.  Well not this location anytime soon :)
3	Went here for my wifes birthday on April 4th.  Wait wasn't that bad and service was good.  Seemed like they were understaffed because couple that sat next to our party got up and walked out after they ordered.  Food was good and appetizers were very good. They gave my wife a chocolate souffle and the one waitress sang happy birthday in Italian very very quietly. All in all had a great dinner and good service.
2	Strange because last time was good. When we went last night everything wasn't good. Our server Brandon was very forgetful. He never asked if we had questions about the menu or how the food was during dinner. Felt like we were a bother to him. He only came to the table when I flagged him down. I had the lobster ravioli. It tasted overly salty with an orange aftertaste. I don't think we will come back to this restaurant.
1	Where do I begin....The service was alright, I've had better. Ordered an Italian Mojito and it was undrinkable. I sent it back and decided to stick with the water. I had a salad with ranch dressing. The amount of dressing they give you amounts to someone spitting on your salad. Ask for more dressing cause you'll need it. I had the Rustic Penne which was good. My husband ordered the Chicken Parm and it looked thrown together. They used cherry tomatoes in the sauce which is a big no no. All that does it make the sauce soggy and the tomatoes very bitter. We didn't even get dessert. Wasn't in the mood to stay there.Note to the restaurant: You may want to consider eliminating the whole "singing" thing you guys like to do. It stinks. Our waitress sang and I don't mean to be mean but she shouldn't be singing. Like a cat slowly dying.Also, the temperature in the place was hot, like I just did yoga hot. Ughhhh.We won't be returning, ever. I used to love this place and now, forget it.
1	Well, where do I start out?! Let's start out with the fact that I called to place a phone order, got all the way there from BOULDER CITY & was told, "they didn't have the ingredients to make my food."Conveniently enough, the lady got my phone number wrong when she took my order so it was a complete WASTE of time!!!I called the "manager" Ryan & he said there was nothing he could do. I am astonished that he could not even compensate for me driving all the way there. Well thank you sir for wasting gas in a truck to drive all the way down here for nothing. I am beyond frustrated with this restaurant, you will no longer have my business & it's pretty sad cause we came in once a week. I'll be sure to let corporate know that they could use a better manager.
2	How you gonna call it Macaroni Grill and there isn't any macaroni on the menu, WTF?!? I mean the had deep fried macaroni bites but no macaroni & cheese entrees?!? Seriously?!? Very limited on the vegetarian choices too. The service wasn't bad, wasn't superb either. The only good thing is the two of us got full for $40.
2	the waiter was excellent... Tooooo bad I couldn't say the same about the food. Flavorless and dry.
1	Last night I attended this Macaroni grill and I was disgusted by their customer service. I was harassed by my server who is named Tony. Now, I understand we were in a Henderson which is almost like the Beverly Hills of Las Vegas and the people there were dressed business casual but that gave him no right to treat me like SHIT! I may have tattoos and I might not have been suited and booted like these older folks but I had just enough money as them in my wallet and I am a big tipper. He gave me a dirty look when I declined the wine and ordered beer instead. He repeatedly came back and tried to remove my plate from the table while I was still eating and had a mouth full. It is such a shame that I was treated that way and that one employee made the whole restaurant look like a shit hole I will never go back there again nor will I recommend it and I will definitely tell ALL of my friends and family members in Las Vegas, Summerlin, and Henderson not to ever step foot in this place!
2	There was nothing wrong with the service. The food was just not great. We ordered 2 appetisers and 3 entrees. The appetisers were good. They were creative and flavorful. The entrees left a lot to be desired. Just didn't make the grade. The portions were enourmous...Food marginal at best. Will not be back. Would much rather go to Carraba's.
3	Food is decent and the wait is much, much better than Olive Garden on a Friday night. Service was OK. If it is authentic Italian that you're wanting, you're not getting it here or the Olive Garden...
5	This restaurant was AWESOME. The culinary  manager, Eugene, was GREAT. Our server, Maria, had so many tables and still was the best waitress I've ever had. The service was wonderful and the food was even better. This was my first time here and we will absolutely be back. Highly recommend! :)
5	I had the Create Your Own Pasta.  There is a choice of pasta, sauce, vegetables, and meat.I had the 100% whole wheat fettuccine, marinara style sauce, asparagus, and roasted tomatoes.  I asked about the pasta, and believe I overhead at the restaurant a manager say it is organic.Everything was cooked al dente.  It was the best pasta I have ever eaten.  The sauce was good as well.
5	Service was great.  Chicken Parm.  was huge.  Great bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, yummy.  Wife had chicken fettuccine alfredo.  She was very happy with it. Good grilled chicken and the sauce was really fresh, clearly house made.  Good Caesar salads too.  Didn't have any wine.  Server advised that they have half price bottles of wine on Thursdays.  Might come back for that.  Kids liked there pasta and pizza too.  Pizza was really good sized.  Good fresh brewed iced tea too.  No complaints.
3	For my last roomie meal, we went to a place close to our house and somewhere she recommended. I've never been to a Macaroni Grill but heard some pretty great things about this place through the roomie. Because it was yet another new place, I took hold of the opportunity to review it!Macaroni Grill is definitely accessible and located on one of Henderson's busiest streets for restaurants and retail, Stephanie. The restaurant is located in a stand alone building and part of a long strip mall. As I was educated, all Macaroni Grills look the same indoors: You walk down a ramp to the hosting station. To the left of the station is a bar area and to the right is the open kitchen. Pass the station and you'll see a bunch of booth and table top seating. The colors are rich in browns and red. The tables have a cloth on it and then white paper on top of that so you can draw on it. The entire feel definitely gives off an Italian vibe. Our server was Sara. She was definitely a nice gal and super personable. At times though, it was a little too much. She would linger around the table and make jokes about something, even if my roommate and I were in the middle of our conversation. She also checked back with us a bunch of times. Too many, it seemed like every two minutes. I think it was because of the lack of guests for lunch. That meant more time with her tables. I appreciated the gesture but could have loved it more if it was done less. For lunch, I got the Pasta di mare for $18. Scallops, mussels, shrimp, fettuccine, white wine, pomodoro and garlic. The proteins were soooo good! All three were perfectly cooked and really was the star of the dish! I loved that the fettuccine was aldente, not mushy and held onto the tomato sauce. They sliced the garlic so you had huge chunks in the dish. For me, that was great. They also had a special going on for appetizers. You pick two items off a list for $9. We got a total of 4 items and here's what I thought:-Goat Cheese Peppadew Peppers - This was a cold dish. Although I wasn't crazy about the peppers, the creaminess of the goat cheese was super good.-Zucchini Fritti - these were large sliced zucchini, breaded in breadcrumbs and served with marinara sauce. I would have preferred to have smaller slices, but the texture and flavors were good. -Ricotta meatballs - The meatballs were too small and there was a lot of marinara sauce. It just drowned in the sauce. Not my favorite choice.-Mac & Cheese Bites - The were crispy on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside. Out of the 4 options chosen, this was my favorite. All in all, I had a good time. I would definitely come back for the Pasta di Mare. If you like seafood, you will love this! Don't worry, the menu is packed with a variety of meats and other proteins. You'll find something no matter what. If you're in the area, come check them out!
4	I think the ratings are harsh for Romano's Macaroni Grill! This particular location is clean and efficient and the cost of a good Italian dinner is so low that any shortcomings it may have are overcome by the value of it all.  Cheer up Yelpers, this restaurant is better than its rating!
4	Came to have a family dinner and was a little disappointed by the food. We first ordered a flat bread and they didnt have any so was told theyd give us the kid pizza (same thing just different shape) then they came back and said they didnt have any of that either. So instead ordered Fettuccine Alfredo and tasted kinda plain , seemed a little dry and not much flavor. We did how ever fell in love with the stuffed mushrooms appetizers it said it had goat cheese sounds weird to some but they were amazing, an explosion of flavor with a little spice. Also the mushroom ravioli was good. The customer service was fantastic we were seated fast and was taken care of by Rochelle. She checked constantly if we needed more drinks , and she also sang very nice to hear. And last we tried a Tearamasu and WOW best ive tasted hear in vegas defiantly try it !
2	I dined Halloween night. Lots of empty tables so we expected service to be prompt and accurate. I guess the trick was on us. The booth we were given was broken and sloped toward the booth exit. I could not even stay on the bench. We switched sides of the table which was okay but the table also sloped away so our water glasses and all plates with liquids showed the severity of the slope. One of the appetizers, stuffed peppers, was ice cold right from the fridge. We asked if it was supposed to be warm and they said it was. So they brought us a new one or while later. The "chicken under a brick" tasted pretty good, but there was no mention of the enormous quantity of skin left on the chicken. Perhaps I was supposed to have guessed, but the menu said nothing of it. The fatty skin and Chrisley bits detract greatly from the otherwise enjoyable chicken And the broccoli tasted very much of gas grill propane fuel. For dessert we wanted the lemon cake, but they said they no longer offer it with marscapone. They even said they didn't have any that night, yet they have tiramisu that uses it.  So we asked for the cake to not be chilled, rather have it heated for 10 or 15 seconds to give it a bit of work. Just like stuffed peppers it was ice cold right from the fridge. Disappointing but not surprising by this point. Also not once did they offer to refill our water glasses.  So overall it was a pretty spooky experience full of tricks on us. :(
4	Great service! Donny, our server, was great, very friendly & helpful. The gentleman who sat us seemed very quiet, but midway through our dinner he sang a beautiful performance. The restaurant was comparable to others in the chain and was clean. The food, as always was delicious.
3	I went there with my children a few weeks ago and I have to say, their menu has changed for the better. The quality of the food was very good. We had a wait a few minutes to be seated and sat on a bench near the expo kitchen. My kids were entertained by what seemed to be the manager who was expediting the food to the tables. She rocked it!We had a server named Anthony. His personality was great but his technical skills weren't so good. We ordered a few appetizers. The baked mozzarella with prosciutto and the pepadu peppers. The prosciutto mozzarella came out pretty fast. The only problem was there were no share plates. I asked for them right away and they never came until 10 minutes later. I was watching Anthony, hoping he would grab some plates but sadly, he didn't. By the time we got them, the appetizer was barely warm. The peppers came almost 20 minutes later.The food was delicious though. I had the braised pork shank. It was amazing!
5	No complaints. Greg was our server. He was very professional, upbeat, and very attentive. The customer service ment a lot to me. I will continue to come back and enjoy this wonderful restaurant. Food was delicious,  prices were great.
4	We really enjoyed our visit! My wife ordered the build your own pasta, it was bow tie with  roasted garlic, pine nuts tossed in spicy red sauce.  I had the Pork Shank with Rosemary Potatoes and Green-beans, it was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious!  The food server was ok he told too many jokes and never refilled our water glass!  Eugene the manager  did a pretty good job, checking on the tables making sure everyone was taking care of.  We will definitely go back!
3	The food here was good and the portion sizes are also pretty generous.
1	Fruite di mare.. Frozen fishy smelling mussels, appetizer that was served frozen , it was supposed to be a melted cheese.dish.  these guys are amateurs.  2.5 stars is being overly kind.  Still charged for frozen appetizer.  $60 wasted.  1 hour of my life wasted.  They need to shut the door and give up.  Never again.....
2	Ordered the spaghetti with a side salad and chocolate cake, the noodles were so chewy, the salad was warm? Weird, I know, and the chocolate cake, which the waitress swore by, was so dry. This place is over priced and most definitely not better than Olive Garden. Hopefully this review helps your decision when deciding where to go for dinner!
