3	I was stressed out at the beginning of my wait at the airport and all I wanted was a Bloody Mary. Luckily I hatched that thought right outside of Home Turf Sports Bar which advertised "mile high bloody mary's". As I walked in I found it to be messy and confusing. It's really unclear as to whether you should sit down and be waited on or go to the bar and order. This fact is exacerbated by the fact that they have a standing room only bar 5 feet from the bar they serve alcohol at which makes it hard to tell if there's a line or just people chilling.   Aside from that I got a double Bloody Mary for 10 bucks, not too bad for an airport, but it definitely wasn't a mile high or anything that should be boasting awesomeness. I could have made just as good of one at home. Honestly. That being said... I was glad to have my drink and a place to rest my hat for a bit. Definitely 3 star worthy.
1	$7 dollars for a luke warm Corona never even offered a menu and the bartender carded the girl who sat down next to me after he noticed he didn't know how to make what she wanted.
1	Wow, this place is caught in a time warp. Yes, it's an airport bar, but does it have to be so outdated?  This is supposed to be a "sports bar", but the few TV's available seem to be from the 80's. NO HD flat screens, just 19" junk and an ancient projection TV in the back, on the FLOOR! All the TV's were tuned to the same channel, so I asked the waitress if we could turn one to a specific game that was about to come on. She says, "I don't know about these things, ask the bartender, but I'll warn you that we only have the cheapest cable available"... LOL...So, I wait for the bartender to acknowledge me and ask him if we can change a TV to my game (incidentally, I think this is the very same "bar-nazi" from Gina's 2007 review... what a jerk). He growls "The waitress should know the answer to that" REALLY?? So I say again, "Well, can we possibly change the channel?" He says "Fine, but they're all linked, so we only can watch one channel at a time" WOW.... so, it's a new kind of sports bar where you can only watch one game at a time!! Brilliant! Why haven't I thought of this before?! I won't be able to review the food though, since they were out of everything but turkey sandwiches and salads. And this was at noon, LOL. So, we ended up leaving... Such a sad, pathetic place :-(
3	They have a full bar, but, not much in the way of consumable nutrition. People kept walking in asking for food options, and the barkeep kept pointing them in the direction away from there, over to the restaurants at the entrance to the D gates. He recommended Ruby's and Cinnabon and whatever else is there. They only have cold sandwiches and chips. But, luckily, they have booze and for those who trudge back to the airport after a trip to Vegas, know that a hair of dog is necessary. 4 stars for having booze.2 stars for food choices.
2	1 star? 2 stars? Could go either way. First off, it was Dirty. Secondly, there was NO service! We had to go up to the bar to order drinks. We had to bus our own table and borrow a towel to wipe it down prior to consuming anything. The drinks were very good and the bartender on this day was very friendly and cool (this is why the 2 stars, instead of 1). They make a fantastic Bloody Mary! But yah... the place is outdated and the service is non-existent unless you sit at the bar.
1	Seriously, get a drink at another bar in D terminal. This place was absolutely horrible. The bartender was an ass too. I'm sorry you're about to get off of work but no need to complain when I hand you a credit card because it takes you a little bit longer than cash. Also, don't sigh when I ask you to put it in a plastic cup instead of a glass so I can take it back to my gate.
4	All of the reviews here are spot on!  I agree with every one star review but I believe everyone is looking at this wrong. This bar is the closest bar to your gate. People hit this place for a quick drink before they get on there plane. It does get messy in here because it gets hit hard by the travelers. The rude bartender is dealing with drunk people who have just spent there last few days in Vegas.  That has to be annoying for the bartender. Think of him!!!If you come here, then set your expectations low. Go to the bar, order your drink, enjoy it and get on your flight! Go in with this game plan and this place could be 5 stars!!!  I think the Johnny Walker in me is talking!!!
2	slow, not enough staff for the tables, no real food it's all pre-packaged salads and sandwiches, handful of small 32" Tv's and only one big screen. channels kept changing on football Sunday and they couldn't get Red Zone channel to work at all. it's like the worst sports bar ever.Only have two stars cause the lady was overwhelmed and still nice and it's the only place with sports in this terminal.
1	Walked in and sat at the "mini-bar" section, waiting for 15 minutes while the waitresses kept walking by avoiding eye contact, then moved to a small table where one waitress finally said she was going on break and the other waitress would take my order. 10 more minutes go by and I've resigned myself to just read my book and stay dry till  my flight started to board. When I finally went to the bar to order a beer the bartender pulled the same"going on break" excuse when I finally said something to catch his attention, since he also would not make eye contact. I finally accepted that they were not going to serve me anytime today and left. Worse service I have ever experienced. Ended up eating at Pizza Hut across the way and drank an iced tea....they were Johnny-on-the-spot fast!
1	Weird set up, boring ppl working there and limited choices.. But whatever we just wanted to grab a drink before our flight.
1	Worst airport bar ever. Bartender is rude, crude, stingy with the drinks. Not enough seating at the bar. Poor selection of drinks. My advice: avoid like the plague!
1	This could actually be the worst restaurant I've ever been to. It's so shockingly bad.
5	Sandwich & a beer. Works for me.
1	"Very rude waitress. Under staffed. One blue moon was $9.50 after tax. I waited 18 minutes before I was served. They make you pay and tip immediately. The waitress rolled her eyes at me and said, "Really?" when I tipped her 10%...when she deserved no tip. AVOID!!!"
1	No warm food.  Menu doesn't match what the bar serves.  Classic bait and switch.  Perhaps the worst airport bar ever if not for that one in LaGuardia.
