3	Food: 3 starsService: 4 starsPrice: 4 starsWe went there on Saturday, so the factory was closed. Although we could still see the factory, but no one was working to show you how the chocolates were made. After the self-guided walking tour passed the factory, they gave out one free chocolate when you entered their chocolate store. The chocolate they gave out was a bit too sweet. We bought a drink call strawberry breeze sensation $6, which included two chocolates of your choice. We picked a ginger citrus trouffle and a dark chocolate trouffle. Both were super sweet and the ginger citrus trouffle has no ginger taste at all. Overall, their chocolates taste too sweet for me and lack of the coco essence.Besides the chocolate factory and the shop, they have a cactus garden that you can walk around for free. The garden is quite small and not a huge collection of cactus. They also have a small M&Ms store that you can buy M&Ms products. Overall, I recommend you to visit this place only if you are running out of places to go in Vegas or Henderson area.
1	Wow. This was really bad.You start off at their gift shop. Then it's a SELF TOUR. About 100 steps? And then you enter into their store, full of chocolates for a really high price. We didn't get offered a sample coming out.The factory is closed on the weekends ... well, it seemed like there are some revamping going on as well.Save your time and skip this one. There are many better factory tours out there.The Catcus garden was OK, though a bit smaller than what I would've thought. Very organized -- perhaps a bit too much so that it didn't quite seem natural.
3	3 stars for free chocolate. I mean, the tour can be interesting and all (look, chocolate molds) but seriously, the reason you come here is for free chocolate. It's a very short tour which starts in a gift shop, ends with a free chocolate sample and then the chocolate shop. However, if you are polite, you can often charm free samples from the women working the counter. I tried a whole bunch of the other chocolates before buying a small pack. One thing I loved was the lemon caramel, but I can't seem to find it anymore. Sigh. It's not something you must do while in Vegas, but if you have the time, why not?
3	It's FREE. If you are visiting family/ friends in Henderson, have kids, or just want to get out and don't have much cash, it's a place to go. The factory is in action Monday through Thursday 8am- 2pm.  Otherwise you get to walk through and stare at the equipment imagining an I Love Lucy episode. You start in the mini M&Ms World, walk through the 30 or 40 feet of factory windows opposite the plaques that mark chocolate's history, then land in Ethel's gift shop.They will offer you a choice of milk, dark or white chocolate and a piece of brittle. If you show interest in tasting some specific chocolates, they may even whip out an open bar of that flavor and let you have a sample. The highest cacao content is 58% which is why many may feel that their dark chocolate is too sweet. I was fine with that for a treat. One thing I will note is that their chocolate has a very clean taste- it doesn't stain or linger with an aftertaste. This place is definitely not the finest of chocolate factories, but it's not a horrible one either. I cannot speak to the milk chocolate as I only had dark chocolate. I did have their fruit truffles which were tasty.  I like the idea of their liquor collection, and would like to taste their American Pop collection that offers flavors like "Say cheesecake" and "Miss American Pie."The shops are open for business 364 days a year, closed only on Christmas. They give you a cool pack at the bottom of your bag to keep the chocolates from melting, and everyone is generally friendly. The cactus garden offers a nice stroll. I saw a number of Saguaro cacti while there, and a variety of others. If you want to do something that is not time consuming, is low key, and on the cheap, it's an easy bet in Henderson.
5	I love to walk along the path at Ethel M's Chocolate Factory Cactus Gardens.  If you can get there in the morning or late evening when the air is cooler and not many people you can visit the little creatures that call it home. From the blooming Century Plant a little lizard scurries away, too fast for the shutter but later on a scorpion comes out to survey his domain. The rocks are cooler now and he looks like he is stretching his arms and ready to look for some tasty morsel. I watched for a while until he went back under the rock.
2	This was a LONG Drive across town for a disappointment. At Christmas time they have decorations up so good photo op's and photos with Santa. The BEST peanut brittle ever but a box is $25! I feel violated. I didn't even get dinner and a movie first!
2	This place was a disappointment, but I'm giving it an extra star for the cactus garden. Unfortunately, it was too darn hot to walk around in it. It was interesting to see the parts of the factory that were available for viewing, but after seeing behind-the-scenes shots of other candy factories on far too many Food/Travel Channel shows, I just kind of thought, "That's it?" I don't know if it's worth the drive from the strip, but entry is free (as it should be). My mother purchased an iced coffee from the chocolate shoppe at the end of the self-guided tour, but it was made from powder, including the "cream." I guess we expected more from a chocolate factory. There weren't a lot of free samples and the chocolate they sell is pricey. $20 for a few bars? I don't think so.
4	You never know who or what you will find at Ethel M. Chocolate Factory. It is starting to cool off now and out sunning was a little Diamond Back Rattlesnake. Before I could get my camera out and start taking pictures he was slithering away under a rather large lava rock. I was able to catch a glimpse with the shutter before the darkness covered him. All and all, a very nice walk and some sweet milk chocolate to boot.
5	Free tour, free chocolate sample, free cacti viewing.  It's right down the street from me, so I really wish I went more often.  It's a nice stroll through picturesque desert landscaping (especially when lit up at Christmastime).  The tour is short and self-guided, so don't go when you're off your anti-depressants.   But seriously, it's fun and low-key.A previous reviewer said it's not a must when you come to Vegas, but it should be when you live here.
4	So... no, it's not a must see when you come to Vegas.. however, it is something fun to do away from the fast pace, noise, and bright lights of the strip.  It's a short, self guided tour.. (but more fun if you go on a weekday, as the factory isn't running on weekends)... You get free samples of chocolate and the opportunity to buy even more.  (I was a bit disappointed that they didn't have any factory discounts on the candy like when you visit other candy factories.)The cacti garden is fun and is decorated for Valentine's day. Very nice.  It's my understanding they also decorate for Christmas.  I want to come back to Vegas at Christmas to see the lights at Ethel M.
3	Went here the day before V-day since my bf loves chocolate and nature so I thought this would be a great place to take him. It was about a 15-20 min drive from the strip and its kind of tucked away in the corner. We entered thru the lil M&M shop then we walked through the hallway that had facts abouth the history of chocolate on the right and then a glass window on a left where u can see the chocolate factory. Since we went on a Saturday evening we couldnt actually see the chocolate being made. at the end of the hallway we were given a sample of chocolate and peanut brittle. Next we went in the store that had a lot of treats. I told my bf he can pick something he wanted. He was like a kid in a candy shop! :) He ended up selected the little heart box that he can pick whick candies he wanted up to as many would fit in the box. That cost $30!!! But the chocolates were good, especially the liquer ones. Afterwards we walked thru the cactus garden which was lit for vday. It was nice.
3	Love the idea of the cactus garden.  So much of the Las Vegas landscape is fake and unsustainable, so it was nice to see a demonstration of sustainable design practices. I think it could be better curated as an educational exhibit, but it's quite lovely to experience, and that's probably more important than didactic, interpretive signage.The chocolate factory itself was underwhelming. After seeing the Theo Chocolate factory tour in Seattle, and the Scharffen Berger factory tour in Berkeley (before it closed), this was really disappointing.  But, it's free and self-guided, so I guess expectations shouldn't be too high.It was a good escape from the strip, but I wouldn't rank this high on a list of things to see in Vegas.
5	My boyfriend earned major brownie points by taking me to Ethel M's during our Valentine's Vegas stay. Yes, I can be bought...by chocolate. It's a small factory, so don't expect anything too grand. There is a short walkway in the factory to check out the chocolate making action with the bonus of a free sample at the end of the path. Make sure to go on a weekday if you want to see someone make chocolate. Ethel M's is open on the weekends, but the factory is not operating. While at Ethel M's we filled a a small heart box full of our personal chocolate selections. It was almost as fun picking out all the chocolate we wanted as it was eating it all. Wait...I take that back. It was more fun eating it ;) The chocolate, sadly, did not last long. We made quick work of those tasty morsels seeking refuge in their heart-shaped home. Poor lil' guys didn't stand a chance.Ethel M's also has an enchanting little cactus garden. I'm a sucker for a good cactus garden. They even had Valentine's decorations among the cacti, which was cheesy and super cute :) Included in the Valentine's Day festivities was the helpless gazebo, which made a nice place to sit and eat our chocolate. I left Ethel M's a happy, chocolate-filled camper.
2	Got suckered into going here on St. Valentine's Day.  Mistake.  First off it's quite a distance from the Strip.  The factory is tiny.  The V Day decorations were a joke.  Cactus garden? WTF.  The only thing they've got going is that you can get M&Ms in all 32 colors.  If you're satisfied with the 6 or so colors you get at 7 Eleven, skip this place.
4	The chocolate is very expensive but the cactus garden is an absolute MUST SEE around Christmas time.  It is amazingly beautiful and free!
4	Yummers!  I am a chocolate fan and Ethel M's doesn't disappoint!  The kids enjoyed "walking through" the factory and having a little chocolate snack at the end.  The "tour" isn't really much more than peaking through a window at a couple of the machines and workers.  You are then led down a hallway to sample a piece of chocolate.  To enter the tour, you go through the gift shop and to exit, you go through the other gift shop.  Smart placement, banking on the fact that children will be on the tour!  The chocolates are yummy but very pricey.  As a matter of fact, I checked out the prices at the Ethel M's in the airport and they were cheaper!  Wow!  I would have thought we would have gotten a better deal at the factory.
4	I come here with my spouse and child every year during the end of year holidays, to shop for gifts and enjoy the cactus garden.  It is a great visit, with the cactus garden all lit up.  Their living machine display, which is open during the day, is pretty cool as well - about 20 years ahead of its time in terms of sustainable design and on-site water treatment.  A neat little place that demonstrates a good corportate citizen in the Nevada.
3	This garden is very nice and my parents loved it. I went 4 years ago and actually got a short chocolate factory tour. The staff is very friendly but everything is seriously overpriced. They don't use preservatives so everything lasts about 2 weeks. I got 3 pretzels covered in chocolate and toffee for $10 which were delish!
5	This free Christmas attraction is something we must absolutely visit every year with my in-laws- we love it. A million lights in various different colors (blue, green, violet, & red are just to name a few) decorating the many beautiful cactus plants (didn't know there are so many different kinds- you will be surprised) in this Mars company  owned Ethel M's chocolate facility. We usually go around twice through the grounds. Dress warm- it's cold. Some people bring blankets (and small dogs- the kind that needs to be carried). We've seen people come in pajamas- not a good look. It's a good idea to pack a thermos with hot chocolate, if this is your first stop. Some visitors snap pictures but I wouldn't really recommend it unless your camera has a night time feature. Surprisingly, not as crowded as you would think, for a free attraction. The small M & M's store is attached (with bathrooms)- nice marketing strategy- kinda like when you leave a ride at a theme park, except it's located at the very end. You get a free sample of chocolate in the Ethel M store- you don't get to pick, it's the featured item. And I'm not complaining about free candy. Every time, I get a creamy piece of chocolate- mmm. (Other locations scattered around town, like at the Fashion Show Mall, lower level. Not sure about the prices.) Since it's in the store, you can buy more- another good marketing strategy, which many people end up doing, maybe because it's Christmas time, and it's a gift for that special someone.
3	CAme here to kill time. I enjoyed the cactus garden. There wasnt anything to see on the choco making factory maybe it wasn't time. At the end of the hallway there is a guy giving free samples. After which it leads you to a chocolate store.The m&m store is pretty cool but items are pretty much overpriced. Tour buses stop here to use the toilet and browse around the m&m store..Good for kids.
4	Their pecan brittle is awesome (I should know because I force feed them to my friends and so far no one has complained). ALWAYS say that you want the brittle and a piece of chocolate at the end of the factory tour. :)
4	I come here once a year to see the Cactus Garden at night with the Christmas lights.  It is such a treat to see.  I also enjoy watching the chocolatiers at work if the factory is running.  Last night, it wasn't.  Last year when I stopped in, I saw them making some Valentine's Day boxes and it was quite interesting.  This is also a good place to take out of town visitors to see the gardens in the daytime even when not decorated. I am not a fan of the price of the chocolate.  I think it's way overpriced.  Tip #1:  If you go to see the lights and you don't have children, go about 9 PM.  The gardens are open until 10.  At that time, most if not all the little ones have gone home, and you almost have the gardens to yourself.  It's heaven.Tip #2:  On the way, point out Wayne Newton's house and look at the fin of his jet parked on the other side of the wall.  It looks like something out of a bad Jaws movie.
3	Based on a review by Norm on yelp.com, we decided to visit the Ethel M Chocolate factory and check out the Christmas lights.When we got there, it was rather cool.  During Christmas time, my wife and I love to find neighborhoods decorated in lights and drive around.  Well, with the lights at Ethel, we do not need to drive around anymore.We got there around 8pm and it was packed.  Parking is not that bad.  We ended up parking across the street from the Factory and then walked over.As for the Chocolate factory, it was kinda of disappointing.  Granted, it was late and they stopped making chocolates.  But, I thought it would be bigger.  At  the end of the self tour (hallway ~ approximately 25 yards), they had samples of their chocolates.  Honestly, it didn't taste that great... did not have the wow factor.  I would recommend to Ethel to provide samples of their "best" chocolates.  More people would buy their chocolates if they did so.  The samples that they provided made me decide to NOT buy any chocolates.  If the samples were bad, I could not imagine buying what else they had to offer.  After we tour the Factory, we went out to the Cactus Garden.  Since it is Xmas time, the whole Cactus Garden was lit up.  It was neat.  We spent about an hour or so touring the Garden and took tons of pictures.  You would think we would be japanese ... lol....Anyways, it was really fun experience with my wife and our friends.  I would highly recommend the Garden (but, no so much, the Chocolate Factory).Cactus Garden - 4 starsFactory - 2 starsAverage score -- 3 starsCheers,
1	The chocolate factory tour is about 100 feet of glass wall where you can see a few employees and machines.  Definaltely not worth the $60 round trip taxi tour.  The cactus garden is pretty sad too.There is one highlight, they do give you a sample piece of chocolate, a very expensive piece of chocolate
3	There are chocolate give-aways! I like the peppermint bark chocolate besides the dark chocolate and the chocolate with pecans. Hmmmm. Educational self-guided tour. One wall had a history of chocolates and information about the origin of chocolates coming from cocoa beans. Aptly, it is the "food of the gods". Rich in flavor and beneficial to health. The chocolate tour is short, just watching through glass windows. It is a live action viewing of chocolate factory attendants in the process of making chocolates in the midst of chocolate-making apparatus and equipments. The tour ends in the Gift Shop. Of course, chocolates sold at the gift shop. A variety of chocolate flavors in a variety of packaging. Just be prepared to dish out some bucks if you really got have it. But they are delicious, you know it. A Souvenir Shop before entering the Chocolate Factory Tour sells various chocolate-inspired items. I thought I would have a handful of chocolates but not! It's like stepping into a simplified "Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory".The Chocolate Factory is adjacent to a Cactus Garden which is a sight to see throughout November into the Christmas Season and through the first week of January. My Mom & I attended the Cactus Lighting Ceremony with Zowie Bowie and comedian Louie Anderson hosting the show. A youth choir sang Christmas carols. Santa and his elves entertained the young ones. Photo opportunities abound with each child taking turns sitting on Santa's lap and making their Christmas wish. Christmas lights, plastic deers, angels, elves, faux Santas on a see-saw, large-size M & M characters adorn the cactus garden and lit with colorful Christmas lights. Best seen at night than daytime. It felt like a child's walk into a magical lighted forest meandering through large trees and cactus landscape. And then back to the parking lot, which is also in the vicinity. Have a chocolate-y time!
3	I've been wanted to check out Ethel M Chocolate forever & finally did.  It's in the middle of nowhere about 20 min drive from the Strip to Henderson NV, a neighboring town.Ethel M chocolate is owned & operated by MARS Inc, the people that make M&Ms, Snickers, etc.  So if you like those candy you'll like Ethel M, otherwise just don't go.Factory tour is really nothing.  Sometimes the workers are there - I think it's M-F 9-2p or so.  But it's nothing really, some guy was working a machine & candy bars were being made by the machine on the assembly line.After reading stuff on the wall, then there's FREE chocolate at the end of the hallway.  Ask for 2 or maybe you can get more samples.  I got peanut brittle & a dark chocolate disk.  Went back to reading stuff on the wall, then someone else was serving so got more samples.Holiday Candy on sale when I went 12/27 & 28 - Peppermint Snowflake box $9 sale price; Eggnog/rum/champagne truffle $9 sale price.Cactus Garden is lighted up with Christmas Decorations now (starts Mid Nov-Jan 1).  I liked it alot.Gift shop where you can buy Ethel M candy & another store to buy M&M candy & gifts.Bathrooms available.  FREE parking across the street.
4	When my mother suggested that we bring my aunt who is visting  to the Ethel M Cactus Garden for the holidays I said O.K. but honestly I thought to myself we went about 3 yrs. ago and once you have experienced this place there is really no need to experience it again....Boy, I was wrong- I almost forgot just how pretty and peaceful it is. It didn't matter that my daughter  is now in the attitude filled pre-teen yrs, cause she still enjoyed this experience and wanted her picture everywhere and she still visited with Santa....Watching the faces of my  little niece and nephew light up was just beautiful- I really enjoyed my time with the family here.It was free so everyone could afford it and there was no rush-finish at your own pace- the crowds were not overwhelming, yes it was cold but c'mon people it's December- It's gonna be cold- wear your boots!!!No one was working when we went on the short factory tour but what can you do- Maybe during this time they can have employees work so that there is always someone working the candy machines because the kid's were so excited to see someone... I remember  when we first went we could pick our free chocolate from the main store- we could sample any chocolate- but now the free samples are seperated and limited!!!Going into the M&M's store is always fun!!!!All in all I enjoyed my time here and do plan to go again next year...
5	Free Chocolates, Decorated Cacti = 5 Stars.  Period.  I don't care if the chocolate was less than amazing.  It was free, as well.
3	Food: 5/5Service: 5/5Cleanliness: 4/5Decor & Style: 3/5The chocolate here is one of the best (heck, its where they make chocolate!). A bit disappointment with the factory itself. Although it's fun to look at all the people working in the factory behind glass, you kind of set the bar high when you see Willy Wonka's Factory. Overall, there is not many chocolate factory's in the states so it's definitely worth checking out.
2	Stopped by on a Thursday with the bf trying to bring back old memories from when we were kids touring this chocolate factory. It is much smaller than I remember and on the day we went, nobody was working. So that was a wasted trip. The lady said usually there are people working in the factory Monday-Thursday 8a to about 2pm. We stopped by around 1p and ... nobody working.Of course the store was still open and the chocolates here are so yummy! Toured the cactus garden and then left, nothing special. Was really bummed.
1	Ethel M chocolates has brochures at all the local hotels.  We decided to take a ride for the self-guided tour the factory and try some chocolate and maybe pick up gifts. There were a couple of employees working on the factory floor so there was something to watch for a few moments.  The displays on the walls were very informative.For a sample we were given a choice of either a white, milk or dark chocolate drop and a small piece of chocolate coated brittle.  Then on to the shop.  In a word, expensive.  I'm sorry, I'm not willing to pay $12 for a caramel apple, and as my sister noted, it didn't even come with a stick.   And $3.95 for a single scoop of ice cream?  Even my shopaholic friend quickly exited the store.   Should you like to spend $11 a pound for colored M&M's, there is a small M&M store right next door.The cactus garden was very nice, but overall, not worth the time or gasoline.
3	I would probably put this in the high-end of OK. Just because I am a chocolate fan and I did find this very interesting. We were picking a prize at the Fox 5 broadcasting Station which was across the Ethel M Chocolate Factory. So we decided to stop by here and check it out. But there has been some things that was a bit disappointing, but just minor things. Located off Sunset and Mountain Vista is the well known Ethel M Chocolate Factory. The place did look a bit deserted in a sense, but they have people arriving in tour buses or by vehicle. First thing you will see is their Cactus Garden. It was a bit hot for us to walk around looking at Cactuses. Not really exciting since we do live in the desert, and seen cactus before. But thinking from a tourist point of view, who don't see cactuses that often, it might be something to look at. It's interesting to know that there is a garden of some sort. But if the cactus garden doesn't impress you, then taking a tour of the chocolate factory might intrigue you. We decided to take a tour of the chocolate factory. Which wasn't that exciting to me at least. But My wife did find it very interesting. There were a few workers in the back, but it look like they were cleaning, instead of making something. I rather see something being made, then something being wiped down. But they did had some information posted on walls and the windows, to give people to read. Moving down the line, they had workers doing something, but it was kind of far away to see what they were doing. To be more detailed about the tour, it was a short, straight line, kind of tour. At the end of it, they had some one handing out chocolate. You got a choice of dark, white, or milk chocolate. At the end of the tour, it did lead into another chocolate store that really surprised me. On one side you see some one making chocolate goodies. On the other end, you see a variety of chocolates. This is where you could make your own box of chocolates. I love the fact that they have a wide variety, also the one with alcohol flavor to it. We also saw a big chocolate covered strawberry. We did make our own Box of Chocolate and got a Chocolate Covered Strawberry. We also stopped by the little M&M Store before we left. Unfortunately we weren't impressed by it, but it is convenient for those who like M&M. Overall, we did enjoy our stay. If you ever wanted to check out a chocolate factory, this is a good place to check out. Don't expect much on people making chocolate. You might get lucky, but I wasn't. But the store at the end of the tour made up for it. I really like that store in the end. The M&M store, is an extra chocolate store, but M&M is M&M, not much excitement with that. But making your own box of chocolate, picking from variety of chocolate, especially with Alcohol flavor twist. As well as a big Chocolate Covered Strawberry. Plus the Cactus Garden, to me, its worth the trip.
2	I expected to be whisked away into a fantasy land of chocolate (like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory). Well, although I know that is some overblown fantasy of how much I love sugar, this place fell flat... 1) Review of the Chocolate Factory: Self Guided Tour, about 75 yards worth of a hallway. On the right hand side are all the pictures and history of the Factory. On the left hand side with where they make the candy! Sadly, it was just an empty room. No candy being made, no machines running, just emptiness. At the end of the hallway a nice lady was giving away free chocolate samples (white, milk, and dark chocolate). Then you are dropped off into this room of highly expensive chocolates. Nothing fancy. Didn't see anyone making candy. Just sad. 2) Review of the cactus garden: Large variety of Cacti. It takes about 30 minutes walking slowly and taking pictures of every cacti to get through it all.
1	This is by far the worst shopping experience I have ever had.  The Factory and Garden is wonderful. However, the sales manager in the shop is really a bitch. My family and my friends have been discriminated by her. Her attitude was so bad. I should take the video and put it on youtube and show the world how mean she is.
2	Mmmm chocolate', but you didn't miss much.I love chocolate an Ethel's is pretty decent. I just wish there was more to the inside of the factory for us visitors to see and partake in. I want to see some cool chocolate displays. I want to feel like I'm at Willy Wonka's chocolate factory and swim in the chocolate pools. Okay, not realistic, but some displays would be nice. I visited one other time during the holiday and it was nice walking through the outdoor cacti garden as they deck it out in lights. The chocolate is semi-pricey.
4	The chances of me coming here if I didn't have children are slim to none. However, because I do have two kids that manage to have boundless amounts of energy, we'll visit the cactus garden occasionally and definitely at least once during the holidays. The cactus garden during the day is nothing special, especially if you've lived in Las Vegas long enough to drive by a multitude of deserts. I'd recommend visiting during the holidays when they put hundreds of thousands of LED lights all over the cacti. It captures my "Ooo! Shiny!" primeval mind and makes it much more appealing. The kid's favorite part: running around like miniature maniacs on the winding paths.My favorite part: Samples! Pecan Brittle is my butt's worst enemy.P.S. The M&M store next to Ethel's also gives samples. Their latest creation: coconut M&Ms.
5	This was a blast! If you get tired of the strip and want a bit of tasty real vegas, head out here. They give free tasts and sell tons of candy! It's really a lot of fun....I bought $90 worth of treats, and ate them all in 3 days.
2	Mom is always right.Years ago my mom did a tour that included the Grand Canyon, the four corners and Vegas. The trip also included a trip to the Chocolate factory. She opted to gamble the 2.5 days she was there and ditched her friends for the casino. She told me that there was nothing to see...and she's right.For some reason I was thinking vats of chocolates pouring all over the place with workers moving the vats with a crane and mixing machines mixing chocolate.All I saw were employees gathered around the chocolate brittle doing their thing, another group just talking and not doing anything and the machines sitting idle. This isn't really a factory. If you blown all your money at the casino and have nothing to do than this might fill up about 5 minutes of your precious time. This place also has a M&M store. So you can buy, you know...more chocolate.
5	I absolutely can't let the year go by without visiting Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden and since this is the year I'm making my best creative effort at buying American for others at Christmas I was definitely not missing it!I like self guided tours, so I'm really not put off by a lack of Willy Wonka hollywood glam in the Chocolate Factory.  When I've been lucky enough to see employees working on the other side of the see through walls, I've been impressed by the cleanliness.  The history is on the walls to read.  I hope they never replace that with video on tv screens.The first time I saw the cactus garden, I was amazed.  Before Ethel M, the closest I'd ever been to a cactus was the little baby ones you buy at Kmart as a novelty for your office desk or kitchen window.  I've been to botanical gardens before and I appreciated being able to see more than you can at Star Nursery and all without the risk of stepping on a rattlesnake!  Seeing the garden covered in lights at night is even better.  This year I decided to go a bit earlier and was rewarded with being able to hear Christmas caroles by a school group (you all sounded amazing).  Yes, I know it's before Thanksgiving but most stores had their Chrismas up before Halloween for crying out loud!!Win/win Free choclate samples.  Win/win Amazing chocolate made Right Here in Las Vegas!  Secret Santa gift for the office - check, Christmas stocking gifts for neices and nephews - check, sweet 'bribe' for the IT guy who just rescued my laptop - double check (thanks Ethel M for Cappuccino Milk Chocolte!), I bragged about it to my BFF and found out she'd NEVER been.  Really? We're going back next Friday with others.  If you lived with oaks, maples, pines, and willows-if you like self guided tours and botanical gardens-if you enjoy sparkling lights and chocolate-I don't see how you can't enjoy this.  Has anyone mentioned Santa is also there?
4	I took some out of town friends there as part of the Vegas tourist experience for non-gamblers. They're teachers and enjoyed the cactus garden, although I wish I had timed it better. Everything was covered in Christmas lights. Nothing special during the day. I wish the Chocolate factory had some reduced cost sampler packages. It is wonderful chocolate, but you shouldn't have to pay so much at the factory. I like the idea about Willy Wonka handing out samples.
5	OK...some people might find this place boring, but I thought it was pretty cool and guess what???? It is free!  The factory tour is very small, but we did get to see them make chocolate and that was neat.  Bonus at the end of the tour...free samples!  Their chocolate was amazing!The cactus garden was beautiful and it was free too!  We went at night to see the holiday lights.  I suggest you grab a hot chocolate and stroll through the garden.  In a world where most attractions have a fee, this place is a gem!
4	Great thing to do during the holidays. How can you beat free?Better yet, how can you beat free chocolate??It was a bit chilly so we toured the shiny lit up cactus garden first. The only disappointing thing was many of the blow up Christmas decorations were deflated:(We then went inside for our factory tour,  free chocolate samples, and delicious hot chocolate.
3	I thought the tour would have been a little better, but it just turns out you look at the workers from the screen. But I am glad that I got to try to free samples of the chocolates they create! It would have been interesting to see the workers work, but I think by the time we came the workers were already done making the chocolate, so there wasn't much action. I bought four bars of White Chocolate and it costed 10$, which is pricey, but I thought it'd be nice to share with the others. If you are here just to buy the chocolate, I recommend that you buy it at the Ethel M Chocolate Lounge instead of driving 22 minutes or so off the strip to this place. I did like seeing the various cacti in this area. I didn't get to see the whole garden though. Bummer. :(
5	My review is only for the Christmas light display.  All I heard from my boys was "wow","cool" and "take my picture in front of the lights mommy" is the main reason I rated this five stars.  Anything that can make my boys this happy and excited will always get a five star rating.  I didn't go in the store or do the tour so I cannot comment on that.  The garden isn't that big and we went a few days before Christmas and it was pretty crowded.  Did I mention it was free?!  Can't beat that!  Bundle up if you do go, it was pretty chilly when we went.
5	Freezing and from Hawaii my family in Vegas likes to visit this place during Christmas because the entire cactus garden is decorated with lights. I must say the cactus garden all dolled up with shiny lights and decor is great for the kids and pictures. Even though it was so busy we managed to get all 10 people in multiple pictures. Nice place to browse through.The M&M store was waaay too crowded so we opted out and stood in the front for a few minutes to warm up. Headed to the Ethel M's store and hot chocolate sounded amazing. Even though it was really busy we waited for a short time in the long line to order a few mochas and hot chocolates. I was watching them make the drinks in the back and they were pouring loads of melted chocolate into the machine. Mmm! Legit hot chocolate. The drinks were 5 bucks each but heck it is Ethel M's and freezing out. Totally worth it and totally tasty.Overall nice place to visit with the family during the holidays!
4	I love the cactus garden, and the christmas lights in dec an jan are a cute touch the kids enjoy I like the walk thru tour, and its nice to have the little sample at the end  but the choco shop is dissapointing.
4	OMG! This place many, many, many years ago used to be where Miracle Mile was...now, it's in the boonies. It's so far out, outside of the strip. We usually get the Classic Pecan Brittle which is devine!!!! It's like $30 for 13 pieces though; so pricey, just like Godiva's. The factory itself is so cute and the staff is so attentive. They are trying to limit their white chocolate selection though...boooo!
2	Went here as part of a Hoover Dam tour that was part of a Groupon, so I wasn't expecting (nor wanted) much, but this still managed to disappoint. The view of the chocolate-making factory was less than impressive and their weren't any cool chocolate fountains or anything to induce drooling. Plus, it took all of 20 seconds to walk. At the end of the walk, you are offered one small piece of chocolate, either white, milk or dark (red pill or blue pill, anyone?), which was good but really seemed to serve the purpose of enticing you to want to buy something in the gift shop you immediately walk into.In the shop, you'll find plenty of overpriced chocolates, all of which I couldn't help but thinking were so much less tasty than the chocolates I've been buying from Trader Joe's. The desert garden (or whatever it is) out front, was pretty nice. Way better than the factory or the tour.
4	Pictures with Santa are free as long as you brought your own camera but this year they also added the option of being able to purchase pictures. Always love walking around and looking at the lights.  Tours also come through here which can make it very crowed so if you see the tour buses in the parking lot my suggestion is to leave and try another time if you don't want to fight the crowds
4	Cactus garden was really nice. It's Spring, so cacti are blooming, which adds colors to an already impressive landscape of saguaro, prickly pear, barrel, and other varieties of cacti. I should definitely try to make it back here for the holiday lights.Chocolate factory tour was kinda lackluster. Nothing going on (granted, it was Saturday afternoon), and I didn't feel like only reading the walls today, so I just walked to the end and picked up a sample of some very delicious peanut brittle.There was a special event today where they brought in the Slidin' Thru food truck. More on them in another review, but having this local partnership is way cool in my book.Overall, nice place to visit if you're a local or just visiting the area. Parking, tour, and garden are all free.
2	Not worth the time.  I've been to a few other factory tours - like Nestle in Pennsylvania, Jelly Belly in Bay Area, Blue Bell ice cream in Texas, Budweiser in Missouri - and this one is the least interesting.  You go in and look through a window to see a couple of workers doing part of the preparation for chocolate making and then see the company history on the wall.  The hallway is about 30 meters long.  You get 2 small pieces of free chocolate at the end.  That's it for the tour!  You then see chocolates and souvenirs for sale.Now, if you are staying in Vegas for a long time, you have kids, have nothing else to do and you plan to go the outlet or mall south of the Strip, then maybe you should pass by this place.  You are not missing anything much if you don't come here.
5	We wanted a tour of the factory, but it's only offered Monday-Thursday. I bought a box of their salted caramels and it's the reason I like salted stuff now. ;) I tried this once before and have been craving it ever since...
2	I guess I'm going to be that guy, but I was disappointed with Ethel M.I personally thought the focus was too much on the Cactus Garden, and I was hoping to see more Chocolate Factory.  The factory tour consists of a walk down a hallway with a glass between you and the actual factory with some factoids on the wall about the making of Chocolate.  At the end you get a little bite of (really good) Chocolate. Afterward you are deposited into a Chocolate store with all kinds of choices of (presumably) freshly made chocolate, and a somewhat out of place Ice Cream Counter.  I suppose I was hoping for something a bit more detailed, and a sit down shop with more sweets.  The only place to sit and eat your ice cream is outside, so I guess they expect you to take your ice cream thru the Cactus Garden.If you are coming because you want to pick up a box of chocolate and look at Cacti, you'll be happy, anything more any you might be disappointed.
5	Ethel M and the Chocolate factory?? Just call me Veruca since I wanted milk chocolate covered strawberries only and I WANTED IT NOW! They didn't have enough available,  but the person named Sharon on the other end said, "Sure thing! I'll make them and have them ready for you when you get here."  Sweet!!We arrived 20 minutes later and killed a little time checking out the cactus garden and going down the  long hallway on a self guided tour.  I spotted the Oompa Loopmas in the blue and green hard hats making the sweet treats! ..wink wink .. other than that the tour really ain't anything special. My visit is based as a customer for the Ethel M Store within the chocolate factory mainly.  The store itself was where I thought was chocolate heaven! It's divided into different sections. The showcases of truffles and chocolate candies, another section dedicated to liqueur filled ones (those are my fave), a section of novelties like hot coco, cups, signs, and a section of hand dipped pretzels, and varieties of chocolate and pecan bars.  A lady named Sharon was behind the counter with a tray of chocolate covered strawberries.  I told her I was the one that called.  She showed me the tray of just dipped treats.  The strawberries were huge with a thick coating of chocolate covering it .  Perfect!  The only chocolate covered strawberries in the store and they were all mine!  She packed them in a box and said  the cashier will have complimentary ice packs at the register.   What a nice added touch since it was a very warm day!  Kudos to Sharon a  pleasant lady for taking my order and having it ready for me at the last minute and for all the employees there that were also very helpful and friendly. I'll be sure to keep this store on top of my list for sweet treats and gifts....oh and the strawberries were ripe & really sweet!
3	I was disappointed that there really wasn't much to see. Short self guided tour down a hallway only to look at a few machines. At the end of the tour you're given a sample of their white, milk or dark chocolate. Then you end up in their overpriced chocolate store.They have a small cactus garden outside, but I didn't think the garden was much to look at.  Maybe I'm just used to seeing cactus where I'm from, but I didn't see anything impressive.
5	Love their pecan brittle. It's the best. Love the fact that they have free chocolate for tasting.
3	It is a self guided tour and all you need is 5 minute.  When we went there, there was no activity in the factory whatsoever so all we saw was the history of chocolate and the company on the wall.  You will get a small piece of pecan brittle and a piece of your choice: white, milk and dark.  I did end up buying the pecan brittle because it was delicious.  Other products looked also delicious and they have ice cream and drinks as well.  They also have a decent sized cactus garden and a small m&ms store.  If you have nothing else to do then this kills a little bit of time and it is free.  But please do not go out of your way to visit this place.  You can get their chocolate at the airport too.
3	They were not in operation the day we went, but we could still tour the facility which was cool.The tour starts at an M&M store and ends with a higher end chocolate store (with the ones actually made on location). If you're a kid (like me) you will probably enjoy the first store. We bought a box of hand picked assorted chocolates and my favorite was the salted caramel.Definitely stop by if you have some down time in Vegas. At least it's free!
3	I visited on a Friday around noon, not that much action going on in the factory which was disappointing, the kids could really see the factory in full operation.  At the end of the self guided tour, guest receive a free sample of chocolates.  In the shopping area, employees point out all the sales, nice!  Not to worry about buying chocolates with the Las Vegas heat, if you purchase $50 worth of chocolates they will give you ice packs to carry with your merchandise.
5	You know, I've been here a few times hoping to see the 'chocolate factory' in action, but I guess I'm going at the wrong times? They still allow you to tour the factory, even if they're not working (I've gone twice and one of the times, I think I went through at their lunch hour because EVERYONE was on break, but luckily I got some free chocolates at the end).There's also little bits of history and info on the walls to read along the way. I think the real reason to go is for the cactus gardens! Its a pretty little walk through and during Christmas time, its a must see.....BUSY....but worth seeing. I like things like that- free activities that get you in the spirit. (:
3	On the drive here, my head was filled with all sorts of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory thoughts .. imagining which kid I was going to end up being and if I see into oompa loompas. Alas, when we arrived .. it was just a grey building and resembled nothing like Willy Wonkas'. Eh ... who was I kidding, this is reality! The tours run every so often so check the times. Luckily, we had perfect timing because we were able to join a group of little kids and their parents. This tour is very short and the only thing you see is just a room (or two - not sure if it was two room or just a nother window to look into the same room) with a few machines and belts. They did explain a bit of what you were looking at and there are tid bits of history/facts on the wall as you walk through the hallway.One good thing is .. at the end of the tour, they give you a free sample of their chocolate (lucky for us, we got two - one milk and one white chocolate). You then enter the shop at the end which has ooodles of chocolate for you sweet tooth. They even have an ice cream section, yum! Of course, the chocolates are over priced so I could only afford a piece or two. Overall, a good little detour onour Vegas trips.
3	3.5 StarsWe were staying at the Green Valley Ranch just outside of Vegas, but the crazy hot weather meant that we were not up for roaming the Strip or doing anything outdoors.  The tour of the Ethel M Chocolate factory popped up as an option because it was indoors (and air conditioned) and involved chocolate, and we didn't have to drive far to get to it.  The tour itself is fairly unspectacular and very quick.  You could easily walk by without realizing you just went through the tour.  So, don't go just for the tour.  The chocolate on the other hand is delicious.   It's a bit pricey but totally worth the quality.  We bought some chocolate bars and pecan brittle.  I wish we had bought more because we went through it like we were in a chocolate and brittle eating contest.  Unfortunately they don't carry the chocolate bars in their online store, so I'm now constantly on the lookout for Ethel M stores.  They also have a very small M & M store which I find a little odd because the chocolate in M&Ms can barely be categorized as chocolate.  That said, I did find some cute gifts in the M&M store so I can't complain.  I was not interested in the cactus garden at all.  After spending time in their well air conditioned store, the last thing I wanted to do was to walk around in 100 degree temperatures looking a pointy plants.  Overall, it was worth the trip because the chocolate was THAT good and our initial expectations were low.
2	Not worth the stop. Factory was hardly running so tour was poor at best. No samples and high prices. Cactus garden so so but not worth stopping in my book.
3	Our Hoover Dam tour made a quick stop at Ethel M. Chocolate Factory.  You only need about half an hour to take the self-guided tour through the chocolate factory and mosey through what our tour guide said was "Nevada's most beautiful cactus garden."  Don't be fooled...the cactus garden was a dried up old mess and half of the foliage was covered in crudely wrapped Christmas lights.  What?!  Talk about a disappointment.  The garden did feature a small section of native Nevada plants but that wasn't enough to turn my disappointment into delight.  After you take the self-guided tour you receive a small sample chocolate of your choice and a piece of brittle.  Afterwards you are conveniently filtered into the gift shop.  The chocolates and candies are fairly expensive but I did break down and buy some of the awesome brittle.  Personally I wouldn't make a special trip here but it was okay for a fast visit after our tour to the Hoover Dam.
4	I really love the gardens, especially now at christmastime. Every inch of every plant is festooned with lights! There are cool decorations around every corner, and the gazebo in back houses santa (when hes not on break). The gardens are open later this time of year too. It was packed as we were leaving at 5:30. Try coming right after work, it wasnt so bad. The only drawback is that the garden is about 5 acres, so it only takes about 20 minutes to see everything. Theres a free "tour" of the chocolate factory. We did see chocolates being made tonight, though ive been here before and not been so lucky. And you do get a free chocolate at the end, which helps keep the kids happy when you enter the "tour", as you have to walk through the gift shop to get to it. Unfortunately the tour takes all of five minutes. So the entire experience MIGHT kill half an hour. I like it because i live nearby, and i enjoy walking the trails. But if i lived far from here im not sure id make a special trip just for this.
5	The 5-star review is for the Cactus Garden, and not the factory/store itself.  The Garden is breathtaking!  I love desert flora and it's even more incredible when basking in the glow of Christmas lights!  I can't believe it's free to admire this beautiful garden.The factory tour and chocolate shop... what can I say?  I lived in Hershey, PA for a year so it wouldn't even be fair of me to review this place when I have such high chocolate factory expectations, lol.  But the chocolate is INCREDIBLE, albeit VERY expensive.  Honestly, too expensive for me and I wouldn't consider getting anything there except my free chocolate sample.
2	Well, the entire display was phenomenal & that's what really called for the 2 stars. My family and I were having a really great time until we got into the opening entrance of the gift shop leading to the tour. We were entirely in the Christmas spirit when we walked into the store to see employees playing hip hop songs & dancing provocatively on the job. We immediately walked out without purchasing anything as it made the atmosphere really awkward. I understand hiring young staff, for whatever reason, but please... Hire people who prove to be a great representation of the company.
5	Go see this for the holidays! Free to the public and what an amazing display. This year they really brought it back to its former glory. Cost effective and great for kids.
5	Get yourself over to Ethel M this month for some free holiday spirit.  The cactus garden is fully lit at night from 5:00pm until 10:00pm for Christmas--did I mention that it's FREE?  I took a nice after-dinner stroll there last night with a friend and thoroughly enjoyed the lights and the sights.
4	A great place to get away from the busy city and just enjoy the wonderful Christmas lights. I have been there several times and have yet to see them actually making candy but the small treat they give you on the tour is nice. Get the 3-D glasses for a night walk through the gardens when the Christmas lights are up,  it adds to the experience and they are kind off fun to wear around town. (not while driving however)A nice stop while visiting or passing through that gives a nice rest and won't take a great deal of time.
4	Funny how you can live in a city for so long and still find new activities. Every year the Cactus Garden is decorated with Christmas lights. A stroll around the small maze of cacti will take no more than 30 minutes. Where other cities have to deal with snow and evergreen trees, we have decked out cacti and palm trees. It comes off as odd initially, but it is a beautiful display. The parking is atrocious and it is only going to get worse. The store is jammed pack with visitors. The facility is immaculate for the traffic that comes in and out.
4	The garden during the holiday season is very relaxing and enjoyable.  There was a section of lights that were completely out and that was a little disappointing.    Strolling amongst the lights you feel like you have completely left the city.  At the end of our exploration of the lights we went into the chocolate factory and had some hot chocolate.  They were so busy and making the hot chocolate so fast that it was a little on the cool side.  Their chocolate products are delicious and we enjoy going there every year.
2	I took my kids on 12/23 primarily because I thought my 2 year old would enjoy the lights and photo with Santa. I knew the tour would disappoint her since Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory is her favorite movie. She asked me, "Mommy, where are the Loompas? (Oompa Loompas) We told her they were at home sleeping. It was crowded enough to make it uncomfortable and the line for Santa was unbearable thanks to some annoying tourists from the Midwest talking about drugs, hookers, etc. and I had to tell them to kindly STFU since they saw my kids in front of them and didn't have the decency to do so. I had to explain for what seems like the millionth time that families do live here and if they are planning on reenacting "The Hangover" here, they will wind up being OJ's girlfriend.  I'm thinking they were probably the good Christians who stole my driver's license and debit card out of my coat pocket along with the ticket to buy the overexposed Santa photos with my daughter which are now $10 EACH! They don't let you take your own photos anymore. Scam. As I'm getting in the car reaching for my keys, I realize that my driver's license and debit card had been stolen! Last time I was there my husband's bracelet was stolen! Forget trying to report it to security, employee or anyone who cares because they don't and are not helpful. Not even the obligatory, "I'm sorry!"I spent Christmas Eve at the DMV and Christmas was ruined since I did NOT have access to what little money was left in the account.I don't know why I went back a second time. The lights were nice and better than the factory tour but it was an empty and disappointing experience just like the first time. It could have been worse, at least I had the good sense to leave my purse in the car!
4	I came here to pass time while I was in the area. I wish I visited here a couple weeks later to see the Cactus decorated in Christmas lights though. We first took the free tour. It takes about 5 minutes to go through it. When you get to the end of the tour you receive a piece of free chocolate. It was really good so we ended up buying more chocolate in the gift shop. Some of the gift sets were a little pricey so we just bought one piece of chocolate each. They are pretty big especially if you choose one of the assorted chocolate barks.I love botanical gardens so I had to walk through the cactus garden. It was cool to see the different types of cactus. On our way out we had to go back to the gift shop to pick up a magnet for our collection. If you need to pass 30 to 40 minutes of time this is nice way to spend it!
4	Ethel M Chocolate Factory/M&M FactoryOverall 4 StarsGold medal - Cool Xmas Light  Silver medal - Cute Xmas M&M guyBronze medal - Free Chocolate I live in CA and have been to Vegas about a hundred times now, but this is my first visit to this cactus farm.Ethel M decorated their entire cactus farm.  It was all light up for the Holidays.  Very festive and bright.  There was Frosty, Santa, M&M, Penguins, reindeers, etc all light up.  It was very cute and brought out the holiday spirit in me.I got to take a picture with the red M&M guy. Like Mickey at Disneyland.  Ethel M has the M&M guy.  Very festive and a fun experience.  Only deduction is the crowd.  It was very crowded.  There was a LONG line for the free piece of chocolate and a LONG line to take a picture with Santa.  I guess with any great place, comes a crowd.HAPPY XMAS LIGHTING!!
4	I was trying to find things to do with my mom that didn't involve shopping, slot machines or gastronomy in Las Vegas. As much as I enjoy a bargain purchase at the outlets, a shot at Megabucks and a decadent dessert, sometimes laid back, free fun is the way to go. Then came the Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden. We came here during the holidays (December) and the cactus garden is lit up brilliantly. This is no sophisticated lighting and it's not exactly majestic like we're so used to in Vegas. But the night was delightful. The multicolored lights over the cacti and the blow up Christmas decor was pleasing. Walking around, watching little kids getting excited by the simplest of pleasures and spending time with friends and family with a backdrop of multicolored lights and nature was quite therapeutic. Of course, the experience is compounded to the Ethel M factory and store. Where free chocolate discs are provided, ice cream can be bought for your pleasure and there's a whole M&M store with funky M&M related items. All in all, a fun experience for a low-key holiday night.
3	Free is nice... And maybe, if you are luckier than I, something will actually be going on in the factory.  But it is always nice to get the free sample, especially since the product is prohibitively expensive.  The cactus garden is pretty.to see during the day or holiday decorated. During holiday evenings (at least tonight) is BUSY!  So be prepared to deal with inconsiderate crowds!
3	Decent Xmas Cactus garden display of stringed lights and blowup Xmas theme characters. Very crowded.There's an M&M side and an Ethel M side.A "tour" consisted of walking down a hallway and seeing the chocolate factory process thru glass windows. At the end, you get a chocolate sample.Younger kids would like the garden.
3	A must see at Christmas with the cactus garden decorated and lit up quite beautifully... and free as well! Come at dusk and see them at work in the chocolate factory, then hit the gardens for a walk and pic with Santa, They don't even mind if you take your own pictures with the man in red, as well!  The varietal of plants are marked and you can get ideas for your own garden!
3	As a mom, I have a genuine appreciation for this place. We enjoyed the free, self-assisted tour of the chocolate factory, and the gardens are so pretty! I wish the tour was longer, as it's really more of a window into the factory for the length of a hallway. But, who can complain about free?! And I love that the garden has all the plants labeled, with both their latin and common names, so you can educate yourself as you stroll around. Of course, the chocolate is excellent. And my daughter was very appreciative of the M&M selection. As far as price, the cost is fair. Seems to cater a bit to the touristy element in terms of price and selection, so I would rather buy bulk candy elsewhere. But I'd get the fresh ice cream anytime!
4	We usually only come here around the holiday season to see the lights.  The light displays are great and several times throughout the season they have the Opportunity Village Choir singing carols.  They also have Santa for pictures and he gives the kids a treat.  I saw another review said they charge for Santa now, they have always let us take a pic, maybe we got lucky?  The chocolate factory tour isn't much and if you go when the lights are on in the evening there isn't much going on in the factory.  The kids still like it for some reason so we always walk through.  You can buy ice cream, hot chocolate and other yummy treats in the cafe.  It is a little overpriced but sooo good.  Overall Ethel M's is a fun, free place to take the family, especially during the holiday season.
3	A million years ago when I was in college, a fellow chocolate fanatic saw on tv that there was a chocolate factory a couple of hours away from where we were in school. There wasn't much to do in the town where I went to college, so road trip 2-3 hours away were common. We traveled to some place in middle of nowhere Indiana (or was it Illinois?) to find that the chocolate factory of our dreams was a tiny house converted into a chocolatier's shop. There was no tour, just a glass case of chocolates. The chocolates were good, but we had dreams of Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory in that 3 hour road trip. So I MIGHT have still had dreams of Willy Wonka when I first heard about the Ethel M Chocolate Factory. I mean, it's in the Las Vegas area! Everything in LV is big and over the top, right? Well, maybe the casinos are, but the chocolate factories are not. If they renamed it Ethel M Chocolates, it would be a more accurate description, but I suppose they would not gain tourists like myself with big Willy Wonka dreams. There wasn't much going on in the factory when we were there, but I don't think we really missed much. The "factory" is all viewed from a small corridor of a few windows to peek into a commercial-style kitchen while they make the chocolates. You do get a chocolate at the end of the "tour"! At the end is the shop where you can buy all the yummy chocolates you want. The shop is totally worth the visit, as long as you don't go there expecting to see Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory. Oh, and the cactus garden is a garden of cacti. Enough said!
3	This was my second time touring the Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden.  We were there on a Monday in the late afternoon.  There was not much chocolate making going on.  We saw about 4 employees in the factory.If you like EMCF&CG on Facebook you can get a 10% discount.  Locals also get the 10% discount.  The chocolates are not made with preservatives, so should be eatten within 2 weeks of purchase.We walked around the Cactus Garden.  The ink jet signs got wet and were smeared.  They need to laminate all of the signs.
4	I met up with Jenny D. and HB here for Easter Sunday.  They were waiting in a mile-long line (no exaggeration, the EB was in HIGH demand!!) to get photos with the Easter Bunny.  Luckily it was nice out so the wait wasn't too bad and it gave Jenny and I time to vent about men.  The gardens are actually really cool.  It would be fun to go back and be able to walk around some when it's not a holiday and so crazy busy.  I saw that they also have a chocolate shop and factory.  Unfortunately for me, I've developed a sweet tooth these last two years of my life.  I saw some people walking around with milkshakes and hot fudge sundays that looked like little magical creations.  We didn't actually go inside the factory or restaurant but you can smell all the delicious goodies as you walked by the open door.  I can't wait to go back and eat it all!!
3	The chocolates are delicious but PRICEY. The garden was cute but the target audience is not for 20 somethings. Kids and older families would be best.
4	Wooo! Vegas has a Chocolate Factory! and... uhhh... a adjacent cactus garden but whatevers... wooo! anyways.Ethel M's Chocolate factory is pretty modest tourist attraction but worth checking out. If you are expecting some Willy Wonka shiz here, get your expectations in check or skip it. The self guided tour of the chocolate factory takes about 5-10 minutes. You walk straight down a path and peer through giant windows with a couple boards along the way explaining whats going on behind the glass. At the end you get a free piece of chocolate as you enter into a gift store. Thats pretty much it, no singing dwarfs or chocolate waterfalls or experimental candy to try out =(.I guess cacti go well with chocolate because right outside of the factory is a giant cactus garden. And if you love cactus, this is the place for you! But if you are like most people you will just wander around the path in the garden, admire the prickly beasts and hope that you don't trip and fall into one. Around Christmas time they put up lights EVERYWHERE, and the garden actually looks pretty nice at night. Beware that the holidays are the busiest time of year for them and it does get packed.Its a free tour, and i love free things. So if you got a little time to kill and want to do something different other than strip/casino scene czech it out!
5	The BEST chocolate! Neat factory tour to see how the process is done. They will pack your purchase in ice packs in the summer. There is a cactus garden attached to the facility with a walking trail. Worth the visit in Las Vegas.
3	This was a shorter stop than I'd thought it would be. The self-guided tour starts in a gift shop that we breezed through so I don't know what's there. An employee was handing out free M&M samples though...had to partake. The tour is basically a long hallway with some signage about the factory floor, which you can see though the large windows. Not much was going on when we visited (watching 2 women sort though lollypop sticks wasn't too exciting) and the signs give  a basic description of what the machines are, etc. At then end of the hallway, there's a booth with a guy handing out chocolate samples. Just plain chocolate though, not any of the fancy truffles. It was good chocolate... :-)  I didn't realize that Ethel M chocolate is related to M&Ms - the founder was one of the Mars family that runs that empire. The tour ends in the gift shop, where you can buy all the Ethel M chocolate your arteries can handle. We did not buy any because we were in a car, in summer, and were not heading back to our hotel right away. Otherwise we'd be left with a puddle of Ethel M chocolate, which isn't quite as tasty.The cactus garden outside was pretty cool though. Cool to look at, not cool to be in, since it was blazing hot at 10:30am already and cactuses don't give off much shade. Highlight of the day: my son touched one of the cactuses to see how sharp/soft it was, and he barely touched it but had a million prickles in his fingers. We laughed pretty hard at that, because DUH, don't touch the cactus! Lot of fun shapes, and I particularly liked the cactus skeletons.
4	Although it has changed over the years it is still a nice, free activity in Vegas that is family friendly. We go every Christmas to see the lights at the cactus gardens but I'd never taken my children to the tour or the gardens during the day. The little kids (ages 2-5) had fun looking around the gardens. They liked the fun names for several of the cactus and we saw birds and lizards. It was very hot so we didn't stay for too long before heading inside for the factory tour. The tour is now very short, basically one hallway with glass to view the factory processing area.  Again, it worked well for my small children but would be a very short tour for adults or older kids.  At the end of the hallway you receive a free sample of chocolate. A warning for parents - although this is a free tour, you have to enter through an M&M store and exit through the Ethel M Chocolate store so be prepared for "can I have, can I have..."  I let each of the kids pick out a small bag of M&Ms and that kept everyone happy and cost less than $7.  Overall I recommend for a inexensive activity that also blends some learning about nature and how things are made.
3	I have been going here every year bringing out of town guests and attend the Christmas time lighting event.  I was very disapointed about the service I received from the gift shop with all the M&M stuff.  I have never been treated so rude before.  We are normal looking people and the lady didn't even tell us about the specials and when my daughter was looking at a toy and played it she ran over and grabbed it away from her.  I decided to move on and show the factory and then went to the chocolate gift shop and we got icecream and on that side EXCELLENT customer service as I have always recieve for the past 10 years.  We toured the gardens even though we were dripping of sweat.  I really like bringing people here especially when you want to break up the day a bit.
4	Heard about it. Went there and yep, it's on the go-back list. Not a day trip for your out of town guests, but a nice added value to the day type of joint. Chocolate factory tour was interesting but short and underwhelming. You've got to hit it around the holidays when it's rocking. We showed up on a regular weekday. Be prepared to cop some M&Ms swag at the gift shop and drop a nice chunk of change in the chocolate store. It's worth the coin. Bought a box of chocolate for Mom and one for Mom-in-law. Smooth move by me. They loved it.  Here's a tip. If you're going to check out the cactus garden, buy your chocolate afterwards.  This is Vegas and melted chocolate sucks. Just saying.
4	The tour isn't as busy on weekends and during lunch hours... Nobody was really making anything.  The free samples are now at the counter where they'll ask you.  The chocolate is good, but expensive here.  When I bought a box of 4 seasalt caramels (covered in chocolate), it was something like 8 dollars.  Comes in a nice bag and Ice since it was summertime.
3	It's not all that. You know, don't go expecting a Charlie and the Chocolate Factory type set-up here. But who doesn't like to watch how chocolate is made, right? Right?!Self-guided tour and at the end of the hall there's a lady handing out samples of dark, milk, and white chocolate. The tour ends at the shop and like other reviewers mentioned their products are on the pricey side. However, they do run some social media deals so be on the look out. And then there's the Cactus Garden with quite the variety of cacti. Doesn't take too long to get through but was still pretty interesting.Is it worth driving away from the strip for? Perhaps, if you're really craving for some Ethel M branded sweets.
4	Spend 5 minutes there, or 40 minutes there. Lots to learn & see, great samples, delicious chocolates! Skip the M&M store and head straight to the good stuff. Kids loved it...Take a minute to tour the cactus garden. Free tour, but you pay for the quality chocolates if you choose to make a purchase.
4	The free little chocolate tour is fun, the cactus garden is cool and the best part is being able to chocolates at the end, I particularly like the Creme Liqueurs! If you havent had them you need to try them!
4	I really like this.....not only because I am obsessed with cacti...and chocolate.This botanical garden isn't very large, but it is big enough to circle a few times without being super bored. Within the lights, there are also animated characters that play "peek a boo".Of course, there is a santa in the gazebo, where you can buy overpriced pictures (lowest price for a single picture was $10, cash only).The free admission is nice, but know that prices here will creep up on you. A single piece of brittle in the Ethel M store is priced at 4.50. A small box of chocolates.... maybe ten in a box, will set you back over thirty dollars.We learned this lesson tonight when we went to buy a coffee, and a hot chocolate. $7.50.I felt like I was at DisneyLand with those prices.
4	My favorite holiday tradition is wandering through the lighted cactus garden! I've been going every year since I moved to the Valley. It provides a true holiday experience, and you can also enjoy some chocolate and beverages in the store. It gets pretty busy at the garden during peak viewing hours. This is definitely a must see for all Valley residents! Every year, the lights change a little. Now, I think they use all fancy LED lights.
4	Walking up to this place you're greeted by an M&M store (probably the only thing to keep the kids interested). The short hall to watch the factory floor was okay. At the end there was a lady giving out three samples of chocolate. White, milk and dark. Do you get to try all three? No. What? Yes, really. For $2 per piece of chocolate, I would expect at least two options from the choices at the end of the hall. The amaretto chocolate was pretty good and so was the lemon. The chewy dark caramel was just okay. The dark chocolate bar, white chocolate bar and the mint chocolate bars were good. The peanut butter chocolate bar was lacking. The cactus garden was pretty and decorated for Christmas with lights and blow up things. The lights were on during the day. Total waste of energy. Hit up the small store in the airport on the way home for a few more bars. Would maybe go back for another visit. Maybe.Ps. I pay $2 or less for handmade superb quality chocolate in Berkeley, CA. Why would I want to pay $2 per piece to eat chocolate made from a machine? Annnndddd...I come from the land of See's. Guess I should just stay in California.
5	Ethel M. chocolate is extremely expensive. It makes Sees Candy and Godiva look like  the candy bars at the supermarket checkout lane. You know that someone must really really like you if they are coming here to buy you Ethel M. Chocolates for the holidays. There is an abbreviated tour of the chocolate factory where you get to see workers in lab coats and blue devo-hats putting chocolate into boxes. I usually get bored after 10-15 seconds. Making chocolate isn't as fun as Lucille Ball portrayed it to be. At the end of the 40 second tour is a lady giving out free chocolate..this is why Ethel M Chocolate factory gets 5-stars. I ate a sh!t load of chocolate and didn't buy anything. But, we should really appreciate what these guys do for us. They allow us dive headfirst into their cactus garden, and eat a bunch of chocolate coins for free. My favorite is the white chocolate coins. This review sucks but Ethel M Chocolate factory doesn't..I give it 5-stars...
2	I would not go out of my way for this. Turns out Ethyl M and M&M Mars are related. The tour agency we went to Hoover Dam with made this a stop on the return to the casino.You are taken into the factory, or what appears to be a factory, and walk on a catwalk above the floor. The catwalk is glassed in so you can look down on the workers and machinery.We saw lots of stainless steel ovens, etc. and a few workers. If the factory was real, it wasn't in full production. After you walk through (about 150 feet), you wind up in their store where you can purchase Ethyl M chocolates and souvenirs.The best part of the visit was outdoor gardens. They have a great desert garden showing cacti and succulents from around the southwest. While it was beautiful, the cacti were all filled with tacky Christmas decorations that didn't really quite fit with the plants.However, seeing the plants in their natural habitat made me overlook the rest. That made the stop worth it.
3	During Christmas season this is a 4 star business.  The light display is absolutely amazing.  It's become somewhat of a family tradition to go look at the Christmas lights each year.  Parking is a bit limited, but at nighttime the surrounding businesses don't seem to mind parking in their lots.As for the rest of the year, it's kind of meh.  It's called a cactus garden, but it's more of a desert garden.  Mostly trees and bushes and not so much cacti.  It's free though, so you can't really complain.The factory "tour" is also free.  It's basically a walk through where you can see the workers through the glass.  It's not a big factory, more of a specialty brand.  They'll give you a free piece o f chocolate at the end of the walkway.The actual chocolate is good, but nothing to write home about.  Really expensive though.  Like more expensive than Ghirardelli.It's worth going to if you have never been.  And it's free (if you don't buy anything at the store) so it's definitely worth your time.
5	We celebrated Thanksgiving 2013 in Las Vegas this year and hubby totally surprised us by taking us to the huge lights display in the cactus garden. It was huge!!I don't even think we got through half of it!  The lights were absolutely beautiful!  It was so fun walking through the gardens that you don't realize the cold. I wonder how many people got hurt putting the lights on the cactus. How many times were they poked??We went to the gift shop and saw all the wonderful chocolates they sold. They were expensive!!!  We didn't buy anything but they did hand out samples of dark chocolate. Yum!!My brother and I did get some Mexican hot chocolates. That was my very first time and I loved it so much. It was creamy, chocolatey and just yummy. I'd definitely want to visit the gardens again every Christmas season!
5	Cost - FREE!I am from Vegas, so like anyone else that is, or lived here long enough, you more than likely came here for a field trip with school, summer camp or simply with family and friends over the years. We are the ones who know what to expect from the Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden, so the overpriced chocolates and hot chocolate don't phase us because we know better not to "buy" into that part of the experience. For everyone else, you will learn your lesson once and always know better from there on out, or maybe not? I personally think that locals and tourists see Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden differently and both have specific reasons for going. This is why the prices of what's for sale and size of the tour will not cause me to give a lower rating.This isn't a place you will be spending a lot of time, so don't plan for it to be an all day event. The chocolate factory and cactus garden are self-guided tours, so absolutely go at your own pace and take in all that you can or you might blink and it will be over. When I first walked into the chocolate factory, I noticed they have a small version of M&M's World now which surprises me they took this long to put that wall of M&M's in priced at $8.99 per pound. All I can figure is people want to say they had M&M's at the actual plant in Vegas and maybe that's why they pay it. If you just ask an employee they will let you pick a color and have a sample, which is free! They are pretty good about letting you try stuff if you just ask. Then you will know if it is something you would actually buy. The chocolate tour isn't long. You just walk down a hallway, one side having windows so you can see the equipment and if you come during the day, when the chocolate is being made, you will see it all going down in action. You can read stuff they have posted about how they make certain chocolates and what some of the machines do. At the end of the hallway is what most us came here for. FREE CHOCOLATE! There is usually a sweet lady waiting with free chocolate, but today she was not there! Oh no! Oh well lol. After the chocolate tour, you end up in the gift shop (of course!) where you can purchase a variety of sweet goodies they have to offer which includes a sugar-free section. I always walk through the gift shop to the exit since I don't buy anything and always stop at 7-11 before coming here to get hot chocolate. The hot chocolate here cost $4.95 and is smaller sized. The cactus garden is beautiful all year, but when it comes to Christmas time it is simply magical! There are over 300 species of plants and most of them are covered in lights. The lights are done a little different each year because of the growth of the plants, which makes for a bit of something new and not just the same ole thing every time. So many of the plants are covered in lights that I am one of those people that wonder every year "why didn't they fill in that spot?". I saw an article about the guy who is in charge of the lights each year and he mentioned that they have to know their limits. Some branches might break or a cactus might fall over he mentioned if lights were put on them. Makes sense! I will not wonder anymore! If you are lucky you might catch Santa and get to take a picture with him or if he isn't, you can still sit in his chair and take a picture. If you are one of those people (like me) who spends one night during the Christmas season going on a tour of the best decorated houses in town (you can get a current list each year of neighborhoods participating from local radio, paper and news sites) then you should add Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden to your list. It is just like stopping by to see a really nicely decorated house, but it's tons of colorfully and beautifully lit plants. It's free and a fun memory for the whole family!
5	Great place to take the kiddos during the holidays. They decorate the place with Christmas lights and you can walk around the cactus garden ooohing and ahhing at all the cute decorations. My nephew specifically liked the peek-a- boo Santa and the reindeer with the moving heads. "That reindeer is looking for me!" he squealed in delight. Come dressed warm because it gets quite chilly waking around - no outdoor heat lamps. I'm talking gloves, scarves and etc. Afterwards you can warm up inside on the self guided tour that ends in the chocolate shop. Guided tour takes about 5-10 min depending on how busy it is.
4	What a great way to get in the spirit of the holiday.  Stop by the Ethel M Chocolate Factory's Holiday Cactus Garden and enjoy free beauty!  Since I reviewed the gardens recently on my blog, let me paraphrase:  My family and I just visited the Cactus Gardens for Christmas.  We love going to the Gardens, walking the chocolate factory tour and purchasing, what I believe is, the BEST hot chocolate ever!  This is a quick event but really worth it.  Plus admission is free to everyone.   They allow local singing groups and children to carol during the open hours, bringing new life to the gardens each evening.  Their lights come on at 5pm until 10pm through New Years.It does get cold, so I suggest wearing warm coats and gloves.
3	The lights at Christmas time are something to behold!!  Definitely come here to get in a holiday fix.  Great picture opportunities and a fantastic family event opportunity.  And the fact that it's FREE is pretty inspiring.The "factory" itself is pretty lame.  It's basically a hallway that you walk down where you can see the machines.  The hot chocolate is $5 a cup and, this might be sacrilege, but I didn't think it was that great!!!  I was expecting a lot more from a chocolate factory; hell, Coffee Bean's hot cocoa is better!  Their chocolate prices are also just insanely high.  I wanted to buy some gifts, but couldn't bring myself to pay almost $2 for each chocolate piece!But the lights are a must see!
4	Neat little place. We went on the self guided tour. Unfortunately it was a day they weren't there making the chocolate, but still interesting. The cactus garden was nice as well. I like that it's something to do in Vegas that is FREE :)That being said, I about fell over when I saw the prices of their items. Maybe as a nice gift but I would not be spending that kind of money on chocolates to take home for myself. (sorry....)
3	Went here to kill some time before our flight. Kind of a disappointment. Just a self guided tour down a short hallway with windows into the factory that led right into their retail shop. Great way for them to get people in to buy stuff by offering a "factory tour". We hoped to see the catcus garden with Christmas lights, but it was closed because of the weather - just rain. Silly.
5	I had a fabulous time! Omg, the lights were breathtaking! Definitely worth seeing during the holiday season. It's a short walk around the cactus garden but it was an amazing time! We even took a picture with Santa Clause!
1	On an otherwise perfect night looking at the Xmas lights, Betty the person behind the candy counter ruined the night for my 5 year old. We went to buy some (expensive) candy, and I asked for a sample and the very rude and dismissive lady told us it was against policy. I understand policy, but I don't understand rudeness. I put out gifts back and we left. It's amazing how one person with bad people skills can ruin the overall experience.
5	Christmas Lights and Chocolate!  A great combination for the Christmas season!  We wanted to check this out during the week hoping it wouldn't be too busy.   We arrived just as it turned dark out.    Driving up to the Factory and Garden, you are immediately taken back by how many lights are decorating this lovely place!  First we entered the Factory and shop.   The entrance is taken over by the many many M & M gifts and novelties.   There is a new raspberry chocolate M & M that they were giving out before you walked through the self guided factory tour.  Yum!  There is a walkway divided by plexiglass  to the plant.  You get to see 'behind the scenes' as the chocolates and pecan brittle are being made.  It's a neat process that is described on placards as well as video monitors above the walkway.   At the end of the chocolate education, there is a very nice lady handing out even more free chocolates!  So I guess you could say the tour is short and ends sweet!  The walkway leads you into their shop where you can pick out boxes or gift bags of their famous chocolate.  There is also a long case where they have a huge variety of chocolates, truffles and brittle in which you 'create' your own box.  I will say it is a little pricey but it is fabulous tasting!  In this shop they also have a refreshment area to purchase hot chocolate and other items.  I had to try of course!  Smooth and creamy and delightful!  $5 for the drink but I don't mind since the tour and cactus garden area is free.  After our factory stop, we stepped out into the cactus garden area where you are overtaken by Christmas!  I was impressed by the amount of color and lights that are condensed into this area.  It seemed as if every inch had bulb.   I think Clark Griswold might have some influence on this!  But I loved it!  It's a great place to take the family for a free seasonal place to visit.   There was also a Santa there for the kids to visit with.  Ethel M definitely keeps the Christmas spirit alive!
5	Beautiful lights for Christmas!  Great to come and see with or without kids.  Always try to do some of the local stuff when we go places, so while this was off the strip by a lot- it was worth the time.
3	Pretty neat place. The tour is free and us self guided; you walk about 150 yards along the production line; when we went they were producing a small batch for Valentine's Day. It's pretty neat and takes about 5 minutes; the tour ends  with a small free sample and entry to their chocolate shop, where we were blown away by their prices... In a bad way... $48 boxes of chocolates and $35 boxes of pecan brittle... The cactus garden was very neat as well. This is a good stop on your way back to Vegas from the Hoover Dam.
4	Pretty unique experience here with chocolate factory tour and Christmas lights during season.
5	It's a family tradition to come here during or around Christmas. The xmas lights/decorations and cacti never fail to impress. The sad part about coming during xmas though is that the chocolate factory itself is closed and so you can't expect free chocolate samples! Thus, come prepared with your own hot chocolate to sip during the self guided awesome lighted-cacti tour.  :)
4	The chocolate tour is nice and free is always nice. But, the light display in the cactus gardens was AMAZING!  Highly recommend you stop by around 4 and stay until the lights come on!!  Light display will only be up until jan 1.
2	Underwhelming. Could be a cool destination. The tour is like walking through a car wash following your car. The staff are all as cheerful and delighted to see you as a DMV clerk. The complimentary sample in all their ads is only if you ask for it and only then is quickly put in your hand, sans napkin or tissue. (wash hands in advance) No idea why all the tour busses are lined up outside. Also: the cactus garden sounds cool'ish', but, it only is appealing when compared to the chocolate 'non-tour' you just experienced.
5	This is a cool place to come all year but during Thanksgiving and Christmas it is the best. Bundle up because it is cold and most of the tour is outside. The inside tour is of the chocolate factory and gift shops. The chocolate factory tour isn't long or too fancy but is something free to do. The cactus garden outside during the Holidays is lit up with tons of lights in many colors. I have been several times and it seems a little different every year and always a sight to see. During certain hours Santa is there for a picture. This is a place for the whole family and they have wheelchair ramps.
3	A quick side trip while in Vegas. Nothing special - the chocolate factory tour is self guided, lackluster, and not really informative. I think everyone is in it for the free sample at the end. The cactus garden is cool but takes 2-3 minutes to walk through. If you're in the area make a stop here. If not, it's not worth going out of your way for. You get what you pay for, in other words: it's free for a reason.
4	Who doesn't like chocolate? Diabetics maybe? Not by choice anyway.Any time I have friends and/or family come into town, this is one of the default places I take them either on the way to Hoover Dam or on the way back. Just don't get disappointed when you come on a Saturday or Sunday because if you were expecting to see the workers in action on the self guided tour, they only work Monday through Friday.Before you even make it to the entrance of the tour, you have your basic store where they sell mainly M&M products. At the end of the tour, there is usually a worker handing out 3 kinds of chocolate samples. Milk, Dark, and White Chocolate. Sometimes they substitute one of them with a seasonal item like Peppermint Bark from my visit today.Chocolates here are pretty expensive. How do you think they make up for all the free samples they give out? LOL. That is what is a big plus for me since I don't bother buying anything here. Sometimes they have specials which can save you some money. A lot of times my friends and family end up giving me money to purchase what they want because locals get 10 percent off items that are not already discounted.For you liquor enthusiasts, they sell alcohol infused chocolates so your trip here is definitely not a waste.And for the other attraction part of this place? A Cactus Garden. Yay! Who doesn't love looking at cacti of different shapes and sizes? Make sure to eat a box or two of the alcohol infused chocolates before heading out to see these marvelous cacti for your entertainment pleasure.I would definitely bump this up to 5 stars if they gave out samples of the Chocolate Liqueur. Im sure they would also get a lot more visitors if this comes to fruition. Until then, I will keep this place in my regular rotation of default places to take my visiting guests.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #4
3	I wouldn't make this a special side trip unless you can come when the machines are actually operating.  Otherwise, this isn't that interesting.  I was fortunate enough to be be with two people who actually work in the major food production industry so they could explain the machines to us.There are samples offered which is a bonus and the cactus garden is kind of cool.  I wish we could have seen it all lit up for the holidays.The tour is free but the chocolate is a bit expensive.
3	Come on, it's chocolate. Everybody loves chocolate. Errrrrrbody. So, why no love for Ethel M Chocolate Factory? On the drive there, you're excited like a little Violet Beauregarde and the suspense is terrible... you hope it'll last. It doesn't ... cause this chocolate factory is hardly worth the drive nor the most wonderful place in the whole world! It's a short self-paced walk through a hallway with a view of a factory without any oompa loompas or rivers of chocolate. It's some people running machines. We went in the afternoon and there was one person cleaning a machine. The "tour" is guiding you to a gift store with overpriced yet average chocolates. If my local supermarket or Costco sells Hersheys, Ghiradelli, Lindt, Cadbury, Ferrero Rocher, Guylian, Godiva, or even generic chocolate then do I really need to go here?The small Cactus Garden is cool for a couple minutes. Of course, you just drove past a lot of cacti to see it. Of all the sites and attractions in and around Las Vegas, is this really how you want to spend your time? If so, pack up the Wagon Queen Family Truckster and head over.The most impressive thing about the Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden are the tour buses and cars in the parking lot. They prove that everybody loves chocolate. Ethel doesn't need to be like Willy Wonka and promise a free lifetime supply ... because a small free sample seems to be doing a sweet job.
3	I have been here twice now.Not really worth going twice, but the first time was years ago with my husband when we were spending two whole weeks in Vegas and ventured off the strip looking for other things to do.The second, a few months ago with my son.My son loved it.Short enough and self guided to not lose interest, along with a free sample at the end.The cactus garden is nice, but nothing major, it is right out front in the parking lot.Plenty of easy, free parking, you can be in and out in less than half an hour.Not many crowds, it's a simple stop off of the strip for any chocolate lover!While the chocolate is not the best, the prices are fair and it is worth seeing, once.
4	First visit here and I can see me and my family going back every couple of months.  Loved learning about the cactus especially since we are new Las Vegas residents. The sample at the end of the self guided tour was a nice touch. We all had a chocolate covered strawberry and some pecan brittle.
3	Buh, whaddaya mean you don't have chocolate cactus? ;pEthel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden is a free & worthwile distraction when you want to be away from the Strip for awhile, but still close enough to head back to continue availing yourself of sinful debauchery and/or losing your entire savings account.  The Cactus Garden greets visitors as they arrive.  When I went, I admittedly wasn't a huge cactus fan.  I dunno - maybe it's the spines, maybe it's the phallic looking Saguaro cactus.  Cactus just wasn't my cup of tea.  Ethel M has an assortment of cacti on display, which I've read are adorned with lights during the Holiday season.  My horticultural buddy, who collects cacti, has given me various fruiting cacti like the Peruvian Apple cactus, which has made me appreciate the hardy & resourceful cactus.  If I were to go back, I would look at the garden with a more loving glance.The Chocolate Factory is a self-guided tour.  Visitors read the various displays on the voyage of a caocao bean into fancy packaging.  The highlight of course, free samples!  Halfway through the tour, visitors get their choice of sample - milk, dark or white chocolate.  I may have obtained a couple samples via a few well-timed out walkthroughs ;p  The tour ends in the chocolate shop, with the chocolates fetching a pretty hefty price.  Looking for more familiar choices?Then, on the left is.............M&M's World!  Purveyor of all things M&M.  Lots of cute lil knickknacks for the M&M lover.  I remember seeing a chess set, which is pretty dope.  It was interesting to see all the items available to buy, but nothing that I wanted to take home.  Now, if they had M&M colored nipple stickers, then M&M's World would be in business.  I'm Asian, so they'd be milk chocolate M&M's ;pBWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAOverall, a cool free place to check out while you're in Vegas.Recommend!
3	It's not really a tour. Well I mean it is but it's a self guided tour and it only takes about 5-10 minutes. You walk in and the front is an m&m store. Then you go in and it's just a small part of the factory where they mix the ingredients and where they package it. There's only windows there and that's how u view it. No close up seeing how the machines operate and no chef guided tour. It's just you looking through the window at ppl packaging chocolate or unwrapping butter to put into the machines. Not that exciting. But at the end they give u free samples of the chocolate they make throughout the tour. The end is also a little gift shop sort of, they sell their chocolate (obviously) and some souvenirs. It was kind of fun I guess. It wasn't what I was expecting but it was still intetesting. I wouldn't make it some big visit to look forward to. Kind of boring, there was like 3 other people there besides me and my family. The place isn't crowded it's actually kind of empty, but the front m&m store was occupied with a couple (I'll say 3) families which I don't really get.... But take ur family here if u want. But let's not say you weren't warned, it's a little boring, but what might interest you is the packaging machines. that's about it.
4	This is a nice little detour to do with the kiddos if you're in the Vegas area. It's a few miles outside the Strip, so you'd need a car or a tour bus that goes there. The "factory" is a sort hallway with windows, where you behold the mixers and vats and whatnot. It''s like looking at Krispy Kreme-- and about as long. When we were there, the factory was empty except for the last room, where the people were packaging the chocolates. Signs tell you about the different stages of chocolate making. At the end, somebody gives you a sample, and then you walk into the retail store. Honestly, I didn't care for the taste of the chocolate too much, but that's just personal.  There's also an M&M "factory" here, where you can buy bulk candy in colors you don't generally see, like gold and silver and lilac. It's $12.99 a pound. My kids loved this, and we ended up buying a pound for them.Would I go see it again? Probably not. Would I make a special trip here to see it? Probably not, unless I wanted to eat at one of the many restaurants around this place instead of the pricier Strip. The cactus garden is pretty small, too. If you're from California like I am, it'd be pretty meh because you've seen it all before. But if you haven't seen cactus and you like plants, it's worth a walk-through.
4	This is a cute fun little place that always make a point of visiting when we get out to Las Vegas. The chocolate is REALLY good and it's a fun little free tour you can take of the "factory". Also they give you a Free piece of chocolate at the end so how can you pass that up!  The Cactus garden is really cute also to take a nice stroll through and just enjoy being outside.  It's a great break away from the strip if you are looking for something different and for the most part Free.  Also I always make it a point to pick up at least a little bit more of the chocolate for presents in the shop as well, since I really like it!
4	I've been coming here since I was a kid and it is still the same! The factory tour is OK, and it is interesting to see what they are making that day. My favorite part is the free samples that they give you in the gift shop. It is super ridiculously expensive for chocolate, that is owned by M&M Mars but I guess that's what happens when it is super touristy :(The cactus gardens are beautiful and it is a nice place to take a walk or wear out your kids when the weather is nice. During Christmas time, they decorate the gardens with a ton of Christmas lights and decorations. It is pretty neat to walk around during that time of year.
5	I loved Ethel's!  Super cute Chocolate factory.  They have a brief, free tour.  You can walk through and see where the products are being made.  They even give you free samples.  The place smells heavenly!  The staff could not be nicer!  I had  a great time here!Outside, there is a lovely garden you can walk around. . .again free of charge.  If you are in the area, you should stop by!  It's work a visit!
4	Pretty dang nice....quite impressive and I did learn some things about the founders.  The tour takes maybe 30 mins and is free so how can someone complain PLUS a chocolate sample at the end  Ofcourse the tour ends at the gift shop. Nice, clean and all the employees were polite & HELPFUL. Bought customized box of choc and shipped to my mom, about $50 total. Yes, good chocolate candy is expensive! However it is also DeeeeLish~   Would take visitors back as it is a nice attraction~ I did not visit the cactus gardens.... Quite HOT outside and really?? Cacti  don't interest me.
3	I love this place! Came for Christmas.... But just now they didn't have any thing running... Would have liked to see it..... Would be 2 stars... But the free chocolate earned it an extra one ;D
4	The free tour was closed due to construction this week and that's the only reason for 4 stars. The cactus garden was beautiful and the staff was very friendly.  Everyone was given a chocolate sample for walking through the tour area, even though it was closed.
2	Two stars 9-10 months out of the year. Really just a place with overpriced chocolate you can get anywhere else, a two minute tour, and plants you can see there OR 1000 feet away on the Mesa preserve. During the holiday season, the place looks really cool and is worth seeing at least once. But other than those lights, this place is nothing super special.
5	I love seeing all the chocolate being made. I have taken all my friends and family here at some point. Christmas is well worth it.
2	-For as far as we had to drive to get there - a 2 minute self-guided tour, WAY over priced chocolate in the store & a cactus garden that we didn't even get to look at. Don't get me wrong, the cactus garden looked beautiful, but ot was just too darn hot for us to look at! Sorry to say, but it really was kind of a waste of time.
3	An entertaining place if you've never been. You get to look in on the factory's floor to see the associates making their products. And there's a nice store with chocolates and other tasty treats at the end. Don't expect to spend a whole lot of time there though.
4	A free chocolate tour . . . awesome! Best during the holiday season when the cactus garden is lit . . . however can be incredibly crowded so you end up shuffling along behind twenty doublewide strollers. I haven't yet figured out the best time to go, when the lights are up but the crowds are not yet crushingly awful. The gift shop is pricey and the free chocolate given out at the end of the tour is definitely not representative of their best offerings.
4	Certainly one of the best values in the Las Vegas  area.  A short, but free tour with a free chocolate (or two).   Plus cactus.  With a live rabbit.  It is worth going just for the wonderful aroma of CHOCOLATE!Sure, we bought some chocolate on the way out, but it was still the cheapest attraction we visited.Oh, and at the risk of offending my friends from Hershey PA - the chocolate is way, way better!
4	The long established Ethel M. Factory purveys much of the seasonal chocolates for a portion of the Mars Chocolate company.  It has featured short tours of the assembly line process of creating its premium truffle & liquor pieces.  Yes at the end of the tour you always get a single piece of chocolate fresh from the back.  More known locally for its sprawling beautiful cactus garden which spans acres.  It is open nights during the holiday season with an added kick.  Every plant and tree in the garden is lit up with colored lights.  It really is an uncanny muscular display of antisemitic holiday gusto!  Simply amazing.  Flashback worthy even.  So many lights, so many colors.  So retina burning that it must be witnessed in awe by all!  One year they were selling light sparkling glasses at the gift shop.  Now those will give your kids a taste of your old college years, heh heh.  No really it is a wonderful place to bring the family or a date.  Santa is also present and taking photos (see I told you) for FREE with your own camera or $10 for a little souvenir print. I suggest picking up some hot cocoa with marshmallows or the latin version called champurcabras or something.  Perfect for the quick stroll through the light garden.The boxes of chocolate are a bit pricey but not any more than you would spend at any other choc shoppe.  This factory was named and themed after the company owners mother and there really is a little touch of that motherly feel here.  The cactus light garden and chocolate factory tour are free.  Come check it out.  It's worth the trip.
5	During the holidays this desert landscape turns from desert-dry to cheerful and bright - transformed by what I presume to be hundreds of thousands of Christmas lights.Being from the east(ish) coast, I miss people decorating for the holidays, but this place makes up for the lack of holiday cheer in Vegas in no time! All kinds of lights in all different colors, and it makes living in the desert a little brighter.As a tip: go on a weekday night. The weekends are packed and make it difficult to move around. This place isn't very big, so to fully enjoy the experience during the holidays go on a weeknight.
5	Really neat to stop by and see all the cactus gardens lighted up with Christmas lights! It's sorta a maze to walk through, it's neat to walk through the factory to see the chocolates made and they give samples! Chocolate and M&M shop are amazing!!
4	I have wanted to visit Ethel M's for years, especially during the holidays. We finally made it out for their lighting ceremony for the year. The cactus gardens are smaller than I expected, but they were decorated beautifully and we had a good time despite the crowds.We also did the small factory tour with the chocolate reward at the end. I'm not sure why watching a factory line is so entertaining, but it certainly is and watching them fill each of the chocolate boxes was almost hypnotic.I recommend this for people with kids especially, but we still had a blast.
4	As a local its nice to find little hidden gems. This one was great. It's a free admission walk thru park with amazing displays of colored lights on......drum roll.......cacti!!! (You may also learn a thing or two about cactus while you are there!)Parking was easy and you can even get hot cocoa and chocolate while you're here. They give a little tour of you are interested. Take your camera for some great shots of the family!!
3	The chocolate factory is just...blah. You don't see much of the chocolate. There aren't any chocolate waterfalls, Oompa Loompas or anything even remotely entertaining. It's maybe a 30 foot long walk way with windows to one side that showcase a few workers in an assembly line setting and a tiny peek of chocolate on the conveyor belt. At the end of the walk way stands a young woman behind a counter with three different chocolate coins. Milk chocolate, white and dark. I didn't expect her to be excessively cheerful, but a little pep and holiday cheer wouldn't have been unreasonable to anticipate. She stood there with a rather ominous air. As if, she'd rather drown herself in an imaginary chocolate river than serve another piece of FREE chocolate. Yes, FREE chocolate. Although, if you consider the wasted 2 mins and 48 seconds it took to get through the factory, then you really should ask for another piece...maybe four. You then move on to a large Ethel M retail store where seeing the rows and mounds of different chocolates through the glass display is far more exciting than the factory. Ornately wrapped boxes in several sizes are stacked fashionably on every table and counter. But, I hope you're Daddy Warbucks; or at the very least not a penny pincher, if you have any plans to actually purchase some chocolate here. The cheapest box I could find was $22.00 and smaller than your standard Christmas card.Speaking of Christmas...the real attraction is the Cactus Garden. It's absolutely FREE to walk through and there is lots to see. A maze of pathways lead you through a park of several different species of cactus that are covered in wonderful Christmas lights. My 5 year old was especially impressed by the large blowup lawn decorations. You'll find Santa sitting under a beautifully lit gazebo with 1 elf, 2 plain clothed dudes who operate the camera, 1 guy who sells the Santa pictures and a Partridge in a pear tree. The picture is $15 bucks each, without the flimsy frame and they only accept CASH. Also, the nearest ATM is at the gas station on Mountain Vista and Sunset, which requires a drive as the factory is tucked at the very end of a long side street.  The Cactus Garden is definitely worth a look. However, I'm not sure it'd be much fun without the Christmas lights unless you were an aspiring botanist.
4	This place is pretty & exactly what you'd expect. Cactus and some xmas lights. What is awesome is that it's free, you can check out the factory yourself, it stays open until 10, free samples, you can take your own free photos with Santa (or buy), & check out their gift shops! Of course the chocolate is expensive but they have all these great things for you to experience with your family during the holidays. All the employees are cheery as well. I had to support them by buying hot cocoa! Ps: the free samples are better than any other chocolate bar. Mmm.
3	Ahhhh HUGE crowds! I made the mistake of coming here the day after Thanksgiving, and it was nearly impossible to move among the masses of people. The lights were pretty but I was so worried about tripping over a small child, I spent a lot of time looking down in front of me. The shop was just as busy, which made it difficult to even look around at the goodies they had for sale. Despite the long the line, I was determined to do the "factory tour" so I could get my chocolate at the end! It took about 15 minutes to get through the line, and I'm not sure it was worth it since no one was actually working. I would like to go back sometime when the factory is running to see how everything is done. I can't help but picture that I Love Lucy episode where she is stuffing here face with chocolates! Bottom line: worth checking out, but maybe try for a week day when it is hopefully less crowded.
1	Your chocolates are awesome, but your phone/online customer service needs some serious overhaul! I ordered several boxes of chocolates last week as Christmas gifts. You sent it to an old address while you clearly charged my card which had what was supposed to be my shipping address. I Emailed you twice, once immediately after the order was placed online, to make sure you had the correct shipping address. I have also been calling your customer service lines and have waited for over half an hour at a time to no avail. You have not responded to me either way! FedEx finally dropped off the package to the wrong address and was refused. Now my gifts are sitting at a warehouse where FedEx says they need you to call them. In as much as I love your product and its been a staple for me and my family during Las Vegas trips to purchase boxes at a time, my current ugly and very irritating experience with your company reassures me other candy companies out there deserve our business. They might up your blood sugar like Ethel M products do but at least it's less aggravation.I'm sure you're gonna pay no mind to this issue, as clearly you're best at doing. It's okay. If it at least makes one person reconsider buying your stuff online, I am happy as to have done my part to warn them of the chaos they are about to face for a box of chocolates.Thanks for making my Christmas less merrier than it should be!
3	Very cool of them to have what I consider to easily be the best display of Christmas lights in Las Vegas.  We paid $20 to do the light show at the LV Motor Speedway and Ethel M's free Cactus Garden show was 100% better.  Just be forewarned that it gets CRAZY busy the weekend before Christmas.  Parking can be a challenge but it's doable.
3	Came here for the Christmas light display at the Cactus Garden. That in and of itself was worth 4/5 stars, while I have to give the chocolate aspect itself 2/5 stars.Some may wonder "How can you rate the chocolate so low?!" I'm not rating the chocolate so low. The chocolate was great! But the prices were borderline absurd. No, they WERE absurd.I grew up a See's candy kid...Christmas, Thanksgiving, Easter, birthdays....the candy to give was See's. Now, See's candy is pricy but reasonable. But to pay $22 for a small pack of peppermint bark from Ethel M's?! Are you nuts?! If you're looking for a cool place to kill an hour or two, definitely come here and take the tour of the facility and check out the garden. It is really cool and worth the time, but don't plan on buying too much chocolate, unless you want to drop some serious coin on candy.
3	As expected on a Sunday night, this place was insane! Traffic was ridiculous but we were lucky enough to find a parking spot right away. The wait to take photos with the big guy was a different story, about an hour and a half of pure torture hahaha. All the cacti looked festive with lights galore and several blow up decors were set up throughout the garden. In the end all the hassle was worth it seeing the joy in my kids faces especially the little princess. She had the chance to let Santa know exactly what she wanted LOL. After that, a tall cup of steaming hot chocolate was in order, so off to the chocolate shop we went. The store was abuzz with people picking up boxes of sweet confections they offered, from truffles to barks to chocolate bars and chocolate covered strawberries. It was chaos but you felt this electrifying excitement at the same time. I grabbed my all time favorite peanut butter chocolate bars and scrammed, thus concluded our excursion.
3	Folks nice but sigh no chocolate production on Sundays. Wish we knew as might have planned to visit anoyher time. The cactus garden was pleasant and if open at night it would be quite a site.
3	Over the holidays, the cactus garden is much better at night than during the day, as Ethel M adorns all of the cacti with holiday lights.Best to come on a weekday when the factory is operating, as this will make things much more interesting.  I came on a day when the machinery was not operating, so it took about 5 minutes to walk the hallway where the machinery is on display and read the descriptions.The Mexican Hot Chocolate tasted great, complete with cinnamon, chili, and whipped cream, but at $6.95 for maybe 16 oz, it was expensive.I found the workers on the Ethel M side more friendly than the M&Ms side.It's about 15 minutes from the Strip, but you will go over a hill on the way here that will afford great views of the distant Strip and surrounding mountains.  I think it's worth coming here once just to have the experience, but it's a relatively small operation.
4	Christmas Lights and Chocolate- how can you go wrong?! This was my first time to Ethel M and the cactus garden. This is a great tradition to continue!A great combination for the Christmas season!
