4	Grabby hands. I get all grabby hands when I stop by Frock Shop Style Lounge. It's bad enough when I salivate over the Frock Shop Pop Up Shops, but it's even more appealing when the racks are available to shop at your whim! Inside MONA, Frock Shop is set up in a small space but packs a ton of punch. You'll spy a small selection of expertly picked vintage and resale goodies: blouses, dresses, accessories, handbags, shoes & more. I plucked a few items to try on in the back and left with a lovely silk shift and woven belt for just $50. The owner, Caroline, is as sweet as can be and just pleased to help you find something fabulous. Prices are fair and affordable and it's definitely worth a weekly peruse!
5	Frock Shop has been a pop up shop around Charlotte and finally has a permanent home.  901 Central Ave.  Lovely new space, plenty of room for even more vintage/recycled bargains!  Frock Shop is always pleasantly priced. Yes, please and thank you!
4	I noticed the Frock Shop in early March, when it had snowed, and I was taking a walk.  Good thing I saw it then, because the signage is not greatly visable when driving.  The shop is located in a beautiful turn of the century house.  The proprieter was perky and helpful.  She had clipped large paper tags to the shoes indicating the size, which was ingenious!  I found a gorgeous powder blue, beaded, cashmere cardigan, as well as a gothic style cameo necklace.  The graciousness of the proprieter, the display style in the store, and the quality of goods will assure my patronage.
4	I finally stopped in and was able to find some great pieces. A jacket, a blouse, and a dress set me back roughly $87 ...you have to keep in mind that these are gently used so my significant other made fun of me for spending $30  on a used blouse, and scoffed when I repied "but it's vintage!" Anyhoo the store really is cute and I found several things I really liked. The owner (as previously mentioned) was very sweet and charming which made the experience more pleasant. If I could make one teeny tiny recomendation, it would be to have the clothes cleaned before displaying them. Keep in mind these aren't Salvation Army prices- so I don't expect the clothes to smell like they came from there.
4	I don't know why it took me so long to stop in to frock shop's permanent home on central. I visited the pop-up shops over the years but even though I drive by the house almost every day - I didn't stop... probably because some part of me knew how much I would spend there!Since my last encounter with frock shop, they have definitely expanded. They not only have rehashed vintage threads but also jewelry and accessories, a men's section, vintage housewares, and new retail items. The art and mirrors along the walls are also for sale. Too cute.  picked up a revival (their rehashed line) dress for $60 and a skirt for $30, but there were plenty of items below and above that price point. Caroline is very friendly and very passionate about her store, and it definitely shows. Even while I was in there she was rearranging and restocking, so I know I will be stopping in there again soon!
5	I haven't been on yelp in awhile and I have neglected to post about some of my favorite places (new years resolution of 2014- get back into reviewing)Frock Shop is a staple in my wardrobe. It is an old house on Central (if coming from Uptown and on Central- once you see Intermezzo you have missed it). There is a beautiful wrap around porch. Once you walk inside- you are greeted with an extremely friendly, red headed lady who makes certain you find what you want. If you are the type of shopper who likes to be alone (like me!)- she will leave you alone. If you are the sort of shopper who enjoys help- she is more than willing to help.Frock Shop also has men's clothing, accessories (THE SCARVES) and jewelry. There always seems to be an event going on at Frock Shop. Check out her facebook page for more info. We went to one that was a gallery opening (THERE IS ART!). This is the sort of store you linger in. Accept the glass of wine. Bring a friend, mother in law, sister, co worker. Sit on the front porch. Enjoy really shopping without the hassle and abrasive lights of the mall and without the stress of shopping online.Oh- and it is local. I heart local. FYI- I'm fairly certain she is not open on Mondays and Tuesdays. Also, this is one of my "must see" places for out of town guests
5	I couldn't love a local boutique more than the Frock Shop. The hand picked items and the more than adorable frock shop owner keep the local feel alive. I love this clothing shop for the fashionable woman!
5	In Search Of: One of a kind, fairly priced, gorgeous clothes in a beautiful setting with the most charming proprietor? Look no further.Stop in. Stay a while. Probably have some bubbly.Men's clothes, women's everything and some furniture and home items as well. Most anytime I can get a compliment on an item it is something sourced from Frock Shop.Carolina has expanded her offerings to include her own line, new pieces and her vintage stand bys. She also offers unique jewelry and must have shoes and bags. This is a relaxing, personal shopping experience. You may want to restrain yourself - this store is jam-packed with must-haves.Get on their mailing list- their parties several times a year are not to be missed.
3	For a shop called the Frock shop, there weren't many dresses or a very good selection of clothing compared to places like Clothes Mentor and Buffalo Exchange.  The prices also weren't that great considering the items were consignment.  It was just OK.  I didn't see a single thing I would consider buying, but maybe it was just an off day. I'll try it again another day, just because others have told me good things about it.
4	Have only been once but will go back!  Was greeted by the owner when I walked in.  She was available but didn't follow me around which I greatly appreciated.  The items range from new to vintage and are reasonably priced.  There is clothing from casual to cocktail, jewelry, accessories, shoes, a section of men's items, home decor, and art.  Some of the items were locally made.  I bought a great candle and the exact type of shirt I went in hoping to find.  The house is beautiful and I really enjoyed the experience of shopping there.  The items change regularly so there should always be something new to see.
