5	I'm convinced that the Michael Kors store in The Shoppes At The Palazzo and the one in the Forum Shops are having some sort of customer service contest.  Seriously. Here's why:  I thought I had experienced amazing customer service last October when I was shopping at the Palazzo location (see my other Michael Kors store review, if these things matter to you....).Fast forward to May 2009.  There I was, at the Forum Shops, a progressive royal FLAMING AWAY in my wallet.  I look up, almost drop my martini..... there it was, ANOTHER MICHAEL KORS STORE.  Dilemma!  Do I go back to Palazzo, where the customer service was second to none?  The sure thing??  Or do I chance it?!  Big Jeff made the decision for me, suggesting we could hit the other store later if I didn't find what I wanted in this one.  Very pragmatic of him, I must say.  Or maybe he was slightly less inebriated.Whatever, in we go.  Glowing like the Griswold Family Christmas Tree (angel chorus and all)  is my new bag.  I point it out to the lovely Melanie, who bags up one from the back, I part with some of (ok, most of) the aforementioned progressive royal, and away we go.  Back in NY, I unpack and open the bag.  Flaw in the leather, right in the front.  YIKES!  MY NEW MICHAEL!  One phone call - one - and a call tag is sent, the offending bag is sent away and a new, perfect one arrives along with a note of apology from Melanie, for not thoroughly inspecting the bag before I left the store.  This, folks, is customer service.   Score:  Palazzo Michael Kors:  A+ Forum Shops Michael Kors:   A+Rematch:  October 2009
5	I've come here on 2 separate occasions about a year apart, and both times have received excellent customer service. Both times, there were 2 bags I was trying to decide between, and the person helping me was very patient, even modeling the bags for me. The second time, I came in knowing exactly what I wanted to buy, but then I caught a glimpse of something even better and couldn't decide! I told the guy helping me that I wish I could buy both. He turned out to be one of the managers and offered me a 20% discount on the 2nd one if I got both. A great deal, but I still had to choose just one. Nevertheless, I have left this place so happy, not just because of the bags I bought, but because of the A+ customer service.
1	unfortunately, i do not have the same glowing words of commendation to share as my other fellow yelpers about this particular michael kors store. in fact, i need to put this location on blast for the worst retail experience ever---i need to report the extremely rude and unprofessional treatment i received while vacationing and shopping at the shops at caesars palace--michael kors store. the evening of friday, march 11, 2011, circa 9pm, my husband and i were shopping for a new handbag for myself. we walked in the store, there was a big group of blond women talking and laughing. after some time, one of them, the only brunette in the group, plain-clothes dressed and the shortest one, whom we also noticed was barefoot--leans over and just casually says "o, hello" (or some random type of greeting as if to imply, what are you doing here?") we said "hello" though we didn't quite know what was going on. two street-clothes-dressed guys came out and walked out of the store from some door in the back by the shoes. my husband and i were standing by the shoes, shopping, when that same short, barefooted brunette girl comes dashing in front of me, and snatched a pair of shoes that were right in front of me--not saying a word--before i even had a chance to look at them!! she retreated back to her rowdy group of women she was standing with, shoes in hand. my husband and i then went over to the handbags. i picked one of them up to show him the zipper detail that i've recently observed in most handbags lately, when--all of a sudden--out of no where---that short, rude, barefooted brunette girl runs over and attempts to take the bag out of my hand--my husband observed that she was actually trying to do this--i must have been in shock from what was taking place--she says to me: "$650.00$ honey". "this is $650.00$".......hold the phones. excuse me?!? are you serious?? who did she think she was talking to?!? you do not talk to anyone that way, and especially a customer who has deliberately chosen to enter your store and shop your product and possibly purchase untold amounts of merchandise while they are taking time out from their las vegas vacation, when they could be doing an extreme amount of other things, and choosing to spend their money at any number of high-end merchandisers who are a dime a dozen in that vicinity. had she lost her ever-loving mind?!? this is absolutely unacceptable, and i expect something to be done about it.
2	We came here to buy a watch but they didn't have the same one which I had seen at Nordstrom. I ended up finding another one that I liked but the new sales guy who was working there decided to tell me how tacky the other one would have been and how much better the one I bought is. This made me feel pretty uncomfortable because he was being rather pushy to purchase his product. He then tells his manager that I need to get my watch fitted so I give her my right wrist. She says "I need your wrist little girl" and I shove it closer to her face and she says "oh, okay. This is worn as a bracelet watch" and walks away. After a couple of minutes, my sales guy comes back and as I expected, the watch was one link too big because I didn't want to wear my gigantic men's watch as a bracelet, so I had to ask him to remove another link. When I was checking out, there was a really nice guy at the register and I just wish that he was my sales person this entire time because those two people ruined my experience. They made me feel like they were doing me a favor by helping me buy a $300 watch. Will not ever return.
5	Not my first visit, but by far the best! I wish I could remember the girls name who helped us because she was better than great! Extremely helpful without being pushy in the least! Add to that tasty champagne and a bottle of cold water to go!  I will certainly be back to this location next trip to vegas! :)OH! And.,.,..their sale prices are awesome! They had a cute pair of black shoes for $81....in Dillard's they are $135!!!!
5	I am not a Michael Kors fan. I've been exposed to his stuff because my GF gets some stuff from her BF and his family. I didn't know what all the fuss was about and I browsed the website. And I found one bag that was so classic and gorgeous. I believe it was a special collection and it was called the Gia. It was white. I saw it in person in the shops at the Palazzo in other colors but I really wanted the white one. I saw it at the shops at the Forum. It was $795. But when they told me it was $200 off AND their last one, I had to have it. I was inspecting it thoroughly as I really haven't purchased a purse that expensive before for myself. I noticed some imperfections and I was assisted by a nice Asian lady and Julian C. They called the shops at the Palazzo to see if they had another one and they did. And I could exchange it if I wanted to. Actually, at first they were going to exchange it for me and deliver the new one to my hotel room. WOW! But I said I was parked in that direction anyway so I might as well inspect it myself.I paid for it and was on my way to pick up my new purse. It made me happy. Thanks to Julian for his assistance and his take on why Michael Kors is where he is at now. It's always good to have your CSR knowledgeable. Mr. Kors should be proud.
5	It's Michael Kors, enough said.  LOVEEEEEEEE this store.  Buy something everytime I walk in.. Make sure you look at their watches in the case by the register.
4	It is very dangerous to come here with the wifey!1.  Ambiance - Awesome and very friendly. Can be extremely busy at times and they do a great job to juggle you and the other guests.2.  Service - We received first rate service and attention. Can't ask for anything better.3.  Prices - Ouch.  they did have a sale section though.This place is fun, nice stuff, quality stuff and if you been saving for like a year, a great place to spend some do re me for the wifey!GK says, check it out.
4	Good selection, but I'm hoping they will get shoes in soon.  Customer service is great.
3	I am really surprised this location has so many glowing reviews! I came here while I was on vacation shopping for possibly a handbag and maybe a wallet. The salesgirl that helped me Christina was GREAT. She was not pushy, just really helpful. The problem arose when within 2 seconds of her walking away from me I felt like the vultures were circling around me and this was every time she left my side. The saleswomen were all nice, but I swear I was asked more than 20 times if I wanted to try something on, "that looks amazing on you" or what I was shopping for. The someone would whisper "Christina" and they would all scatter, knowing I was already giving my sales commission to someone else.  This particular weekend was "black friday" weekend, so hopefully thats why they had so many people working, and were so busy. With all that said, I got two great items and I love them both. An amazing handbag and a leather jacket. I am so glad I was being helped by Christina. She went above and beyond to have a new purse brought from another location, since they were out of the one I wanted. This located is really well organized and they have shoes, bags, clothing, lots of wallets, and jewelry. Its convenient if you are headed to the Forum, just pick one person you want to shop with and stick with them.
1	Thanksgiving weekend...So my "beef" lies with this location's staff...my wife and I were walking close to the location when a fragrance in the area attracted us...there were only (2) stores that could supply this scent...so we gambled on the 1st store...Michael Kors.  We asked the sales ladies if the fragrance that we smelled all the way out in the mall came from the store...it did.  Long story short...I had asked the sales person to "write down" the name / bottle...so I could buy it away from my wife (Xmas gift)...the sales person started to look for a business card or something to write it down but quickly changed her mind and said that I could remember "signature."  Well it's true that I remembered the name but the problem is that I've been looking everywhere (online) for Michael Kors "signature"...NO LUCK! It was as if if I didn't buy the product there at that very store...that I wasn't going to get it anywhere else...total product cock block!
5	I went back and forth a few times while in Vegas about getting a Michael Kors bag, and the husband finally talked me into buying some big for myself since he says I never do. So i did it, i bought myself a Michael Kors bag. My husband and I walked in and were greeted by an amazingly friendly and helpful staff. The sales girl showed me different styles, with a wide price range (cause I didn't know what I wanted to spend). Well my favorite color is pink, and they had several pink bags, but the style of bag I wanted they didn't have in pink, they just had sold the last one! I was heart broken. Well the sales girl saw how much I wanted that bag and called around to their sister store and found me one! Instead of sending me there, their staff went and picked it up for me! So awesome! The best part was, it was on sale!!!
5	I don't go places that don't treat me 100%, just purchased my second bag here and I am so happy with the service I received. Obviously Michael kors bags are gorgeous, their selection rocked, as for prices they are pretty straight across the board, I did some pre gaming online to see which style I wanted. Ended up with exactly what I wanted from this store.Will be back in the fall ;0)
5	Excellant service, great bags. Love the quality of this product, the craftmanship is obvious, and styles are current. Provide an email address and get notices for special events and pricing discounts. Staff friendly and very supportive, didn't feel pressured.
4	Bought a bag here in Feb 2013.....unfortunately I come to find out that I received the one and only lemon that has ever come out of MK. This I understand...it happens. No one is perfect. The only "thing" that saved this review from being a one-star is Kristina, the manager. Out of the entire MK corporation, she was the only one who cared the issue be resolved. She stood behind her word and made sure that I was properly taken care of.....she even was communicating via her personal phone when she was not in the store....probably because of our time difference....either way, she was amazing and I hope her efforts are absorbed by the rest of the organization as she was outstanding.
5	I'm usually a kid in a candy store every timeI shop at any MK store! But my dreams usually get immediately crushed every time when they're out of a size 7 in the ONE shoe I need to have! Or sold out in every bag I wanna get, then try to convince me to buy it in white. (Never making that mistake again! Haha) or when the annoying sales associate hovers over you like you're Beyonce. but this MK location was impeccable!!! I first walked in to get my new Michael Kors watch sized that I had gotten as a gift the day before. The staff was very friendly and super helpful! The layout of the store was amazing, organized and clean. Once I was in there, I decided to get a new bag. Although I was very indecisive, the sales associates did their best to try to help and show me as many options as possible. These girls were great! After hearing their own opinions and advice on the 3 bags I was torn apart I ended up choosing a large black and gold studs brief case tote. Such a beautiful and convenient bag! The price was marked at $428 but ended up having a 25% off sale and brought it down to $321. (I'm surprised I didn't get 2) Over all, this location is clean, busy, friendly and helpful!
1	I'm an ex-worker for MK and I can say that I've visited the forum shoppes twice.First experience was amazing with a fine, petite Asian lady who accompanied me consistently and conversed with me on a personal basis. She was very kind and historical! It's been awhile so I had forgotten her name but is started with an S and was too long to remember lol.Anyways,Second experience:The worse I could have possibly imagined. They all looked at me as though they were judging me and degrading my physical appearance. They did not want to assist me in any way and yet I was still kind enough to help their UPT out. They did not respect my immediate family and gave us such a hard time. The manager for the hour or so was this slim, tall, Caucasian blonde and I believe her name was Amanda? I'm not too sure if I recalled it correctly but she was God awful. At first glance, she's a gem but deep inside, her customer service SUCKS! She's full of BULLSHIT when she told me I had to pay for everything UNDER my card and didn't allow my family to pay for their own products. South and North Premium Outlets never gave me a hard time nor my previous visit at the forum shoppes. I don't know what her problem was but they need to re-evaluate her behavior, attitude and service. I though Michael Kors was all about jet-setting and customer service? Psh, yeah right.I've never been so irritated til this day and it's been almost a month. Just thought I'd drop by to let future customers know. Such a terrible experience and I'll never shop there again if she's still around.P.S. They only got a one star because first experience was awesome, asides from that, second experience gets a 0/5. Sorry, not sorry.
