5	okay.  this store is one of my favs.  i love a lot of the stuff that is there.  i don't really get a lot in here but i love everything that i buy.  they are always super friendly and helpful.  they love to give me things to try on.  always have new things in the store!
4	I consider shopping a per diem job LOL ! This is a cute boutique with a   very friendly staff.  I have found a lot of cute outfits here and they have a lot of accessories to complement a look. I find it conveniently located if I don't feel like going to the mall and they also have thoughtful/ last minute gifts so I can get two errands done at one place !
5	This store is so cute. Always so organized & neat, and very reasonable prices. All of my garments from here have lasted for months through multiple wears, washings, & dry cleanings (which you can not always count on these days unless you pay high $) The woman who works mostly M-F during the day, I can't remember her name :( is so nice and helpful. Always informative regarding sales, etc. and I never feel pressured to buy things or spend $ I don't want to. Definitely check it out for cute, cheap (around $50 & below) dresses and darling accessories!
3	Love this store for their adorable accessories. Their staff is below average though.My first visit was normal. I went on a Saturday morning so it wasn't busy. The 1 girl working there was very nice.But my 2nd visit was less than pleasant.There were 3 girls behind the register. Only two were there to work, and the 3rd girl seemed she worked there but wasn't scheduled and just wanted to hang out. She was behind the counter on her phone talking to the 2 girls working. More than one customer had a question and was completely ignored. The only thing I could hear in that store was the girls talking about random things. They were not polite and didn't say anything to us while we were checking out.I will continue to shop at Francesca's, just not this location.
3	Super cute clothes a bit over priced.They have a great selection of the latest trends in woman's/juniors apparel. I went in on a day that they were having a sale. Everything in the store was 30% off. I ended up trying on a lot of options and buying only one due to the weird fit of majority of the options. The phone was ringing off the hook and the only girl working seemed a little frantic. They need to have another person working, there was just too much going in for one person to be able to handle. I might be back if I'm in the area... but I won't go out of my way to come back.
5	So convenient to pop in here, and literally buy an outfit right off the manikin for a last minute date night, or pick up a unique gift for a girlfriends birthday party. The clothes selection is constantly changing, and there are lots of sales. Everything is separated by colors which makes it easy to narrow things down and get the most use of your time. The quality is also impressive, and seems to hold up to washing and normal wear and tear much better than most trendy boutique clothes I have found elsewhere.
