4	An art gallery, a clothing store, a learning center, and coffee shop.  GOOD coffee!!They list themselves as:  Fashion. Art. Politics & Coffee.The outside appears to be a house but don't let that fool you ... inside it's all shopping (with a back room for classes). The people are great and sell locally made stuff (mostly clothing).All this and it's on what the New Times (urgh) says is the hippest block in the city (which just so happens to be MY street!).Oh yeah ... this from the people who started Co-Lab. They currently offer classes in paper making, knitting, and felting.Their funky hours are:7:30am to 1:30pm, Mon-Sat and 6-10pm, Tues-SatIf they had a sound system inside and out on the patio would be nice (they only have a sad little boombox now) and and some Wi-Fi they'd easily get 5 stars ... maybe in time ... (note ... I've been told that the Internet is in ... they just need to setup the router)
5	Alright, you know from David B. what sort of offerings you'll find at Conspire. I'm just going to focus on two things: coffee and buttons.John, who is the man behind the coffee, is the master of the espresso machine. He pumps out a cafe americano that is silky smooth and just the right temperature. It frankly punches the lights out of any other cafe americano. If ya feel like a latte or mocha, fear not - he's not going to make it sickly sweet. You'll still be able to tell there's actually espresso in it. So that's the lowdown on the coffee.Now let's talk buttons: There are hundreds to choose from starting at 50 cents. Some are thought-provoking, some are hysterical, some are both. I mean, who doesn't need a button with a hand-drawn picture of the fabled tortoise going down on the fabled hare? I certainly do, and my life is better now that I have one.
5	After multiple phases of evolution from Counter Culture/The Downstairs to C.O.L.A.B. and now Conspire...many of these talented individuals have worked together for several years.  This time around I think they have put together the perfect blend of talent, products, location, and control.  Lisa, of Sticker Club Girl, does a great job of organizing and exciting people around her.  And this time these artists have brought in John Sagasta as a partner to bring them amazing coffee and energy.  I enjoy a latte from John on a regular basis and catch up on all the local action, gossip, and hype going on in downtown Phoenix.
3	Don't hate. I fully support Roosevelt Row and all the galleries and shops that are trying to differentiate themselves. Yet, on that note, I can't find any reason to hang around Conspire for more than 30 minutes. Maybe it's meant to be a store you browse, looking at the interesting buttons and books, perusing the t-shirts and scarves. I was very tempted to buy a scarf I saw for $12. I figure I'll have to go back sometime soon to see if it's still there. Ok, so maybe I should back up first. I pulled up to the corner of 5th St. and Garfield around 5:30 p.m. I was looking for 901 5th St, since this is where Yelp told me I'd find Conspire. I easily saw 903. I knew The Lost Leaf was in walking distance. I just didn't see 901. I guess sometimes i get caught up in the specifics, for if I had stopped looking for numbers and focused instead on letters, I would have seen the "Conspire" sign on the lawn. In any case, when I pulled up, Conspire wasn't open. I first took notice when a man pulled up, got out of his car, went inside and switched a sign on that brightly read "Open." Ah-ha. Bulls-eye. Already off to a bad start, wouldn't you say? In any case, I vaguely remember this place from a First Friday I went to a couple months back. Once inside, my memory was jogged fully. But, my friend and I decided it would be fun to explore the place. The man behind the counter had started to brew coffee. He was a nice guy, asking what brought us out on the chilly evening. He also let us know there are plenty of books in the back of the house that we can browse and check out - all we have to do is write our info down on the sheet hanging on the wall. Talk about trust. From t-shirts and hand-drawn buttons and boxes to hats and rings, this place has a wide selection of random things to enjoy. If I had the cash on me, I would have snatched up the scarf and a couple other items I thought would make great gifts. When I think of Conspire, I think of a place you have in mind. It's not like you'll go out of your way to go here, unless you know specifically you want something from the store. Then you'll probably go back. Atleast that's what I plan to do. I give Conspire 3.5 stars.
3	Eh, I could do without.  I gave this three stars basically just because I didn't really care for it.  John was very nice and friendly, but after perusing the place for 20 minutes I didn't have a reason to come back.  There was interesting stuff to rifle through and the library was a kick with the honor system sign-up sheet.  I can see how people would like it, but it just isn't worth a second visit for me.
5	people are totally missing the point here. AWESOME COFFEE!!!john is delightful to talk to and makes a smokin cup o' joegreat to hit up at least once a week for the jewelry salesalso there is a small library in the back. yes. libraryyou can borrow books by signing them out but be kind, bring them back.clothing is cute, nice array of hand mades and vintageart rotates with first fridayscute little patioclean bathroomwhat more could you want in a coffee house?oh that's right...spoken word. ;P
5	Love this spot! Cool crafts with an amazing atmosphere.. John Sagasta creates awesome coffee! Wonderful.
3	I bought a pair of earrings from here once. I LOVE those earrings by Zurina Ketola.  Also the Crafty Burritos hang out here on the Third Saturday of each month and they have some amazing handmade items for sale.
5	This place is great. It's part coffee shop (see reviews of The Coffee Conspiracy), part art gallery, part book shop, part artist-made jewelry shop, part clothing store, and parts of a bunch of other things all in one tiny house turned shop. Most everything is hand-made/painted/drawn. They have some cool stuff here that you won't find anywhere else in the world, and some great things for gifts for entire family. Check this place out for sure.
4	My review of this place practically wrote itself the moment I stepped in.Remember when you're a kid and your teacher asked what you wanted to be, and some uber-ambitious kid would reply "an astronaut cowboy/girl movie star and maybe a veterinarian because I wanna help sick bunnies"?Conspire was what happened that kid. They became an anthropomorphic storefront. It's a library. It's a coffee shop. It's an art gallery. It's a fashionable boutique. If Superman and The Hulk each grabbed a side of Conspire and stretched it out, it would fill out enough niches to fill an entire strip mall. I get really weird about local business. Whenever I step in, I just want to buy the shit out of everything they have. I'm not sure if it's the compulsive shopper in me or if I'm just that delusional that I believe that my one purchase actually makes a difference. Luckily for me, the 12 dollars cash I had on me wasn't nearly enough to get anything snazzy enough for my liking (here or anywhere else at the Harvest Festival).There were a lot of really cute tops, though. I briefly considered getting Amanda B and myself matching "Women Against Sarah Palin" t-shirts, but once that plastic menace is taken out of its card holder it doesn't go back easy. And I still have a trip out to San Francisco and a hard case for my upright to finance.The highlight of the trip was the anarchist library, an erratic hodgepodge of books messily stacked according to categories like "Conspiracies" and "Anarchy". I read Jon Stewart's "America: The Book" while I gave my aching feet a rest (heels on hardwood...no bueno) and Amanda read passages of old books at her daughter. I'd really like to see this section of Conspire expand over the next few months/years. I've grown really burned out on The Man's libraries as of late (mostly because I owe them all money), and while I'm sure it happens rarely, I saw Se7en, I know those librarians who greeted me with a smile and encouraged my literacy will gleefully give the spooks a list of all my check-outs for them to view at their pleasure."What's this word mean? Gender dysph--fuck it, bring her in for questioning."I can't wait to spend evenings sitting at the picnic tables sipping coffee and spouting off my leftist views to friends and passersby.It took me until my senior year but I'll finally get to live out my dream of being an art school stereotype.
5	This my jam!When I moved from Tempe to Downtown Phoenix, I was a little devastated that I would be out of reach of my home away from home, Gold Bar. But 'twas OK because I worked the night shift, so most independent coffee shops were open before I left for work at 6PM. So whatever my boyfriend brought home on his way home from work is what I would drink before I went to work.But then, I got a job where I had to be at work at 8AM! Where was I to go to get my iced mocha so early that wasn't Starbucks and wasn't 15 minutes away?? I had been to Conspire before, but the hours were different. Then I learned they were open nice and early, and within a quick 1 minute drive from my home.The coffee is good.Plus they sell some cute, quirky items.I visit it at least 5 day a week, so that warrants 5 stars.
5	yay for conspire.  it's my neighborhood coffee shop and i'm glad.  it's mysterious and friendly, host to a variety of theme nights and open late.for gifty and handcrafted items conspire should definitely be one of your stops (and not just on first friday).  the house is filled with locally made garments, jewelry, paintings, buttons, patches, and other things.  they also appear to be carrying vegan baked goods from cuppycake cakery!  when i was in the other night they had 3 kinds of cookies- i tried the peanut butter and they were great.
4	Conspire is independent, open late, and yummy. Everything I look for in a coffee shop. You'll be a fan if you miss Counter Culture or Willow House.The owner makes a wonderful latte. He steams the milk perfectly, better than most baristas in Phoenix! I just wish he had brewed coffee. Sure, the espresso is good, but it is not a replacement for a thoughtful, well mixed, drip. No, I do not want an americano instead. I want a cup of coffee!
5	"Two words, iced mocha. They do it like your momma did pancakes. Well not like my momma, because that would be black and dry, and that just wouldn't make sense here at all.Seriously, this has become my favorite coffee destination for the past half a year or so. I'm obviously a fan of the iced mocha but the hot beverages are just as tasty. The owner John, is always great to talk to and really inviting to anyone who steps in the door. The other baristas are very nice as well. Oh and the prices are really affordable. Which means more money to buy some of the cool things in the store with.The shop is a co-op for artists to sell there goods so while you're waiting for your coffee there is plenty to have a look at.It's a hard to find because it's right smack in the middle of an old historic area but well worth the search. There's not a lot of places to sit and seems more of a place to grab and go or grab and shop. Not really a watch me as I work sort of establishment (ala Starbucks).Side note: The place is nuts during First Friday being that it's right smack in the heart of the art walk so be warned."
5	The most perfect Mocha yesterday --  special for me. Whole milk, 1/3 the chocolate so not so sweet.  The chocolate flavor was yummy, and the milk was frothy & steamed to perfection.  The baristas are cute and capable!  and, of course, there's John.  The clothing varies, as each artist creates a unique item.  There are wonderful variations on strange and cute polyester double knit, reconstructed dresses evoking an illicit coupling Twiggy and Marcia Brady, yummy sexy slip dresses fit for a faerie.  Big bold copper and stainless buckles and pendants in a modernist style, dainty woven seed bead necklaces, smocked velvet bags.  Painted 33-1/2  vinyl, and delicate pen-and-ink drawings and ACEOs.  A little of everything, and almost all are one-of-a-kind.  Even some of the t-shirts are unique!  (I'm not into t-shirts, but the guys like them swell enough.It's a neighborhood shop!  and funky.  So if you want to meet people who live nearby, and hang out there, it's great.  I always seem to meet people there I know from somewhere else --  we must be responding to the same magnet.   If you want Starbucks uniformity and stained birch furniture, well, this is not the place for you.  Even tho the coffee is better!  I just wish they had drip coffee for the times when the line is so long, and I just want caffeine!  But that won't even take away 1/2 a star.  I can survive.
4	The thing that makes Conspire so unique and awesome is that it's many things rolled into one. It's an art gallery, a clothing store, a library, and, of course, a coffee shop. Some of the other pluses about this place are that they're independent and stay open pretty late; which makes for a great stop if wandering around downtown. It's not hard to tell that this spot is a passion project of the owner and it definitely shines through in all the right ways. Another reason this is a nice place to chill at is that there are always people hanging out here and chatting, mainly the workers and friends. They create a very inviting atmosphere and make you want to come back for more.
2	Conspire is your run of the mill haven for self  proclaimed artists and privileged middle class people  who fancy themselves "radical." The trinkets are cool, the coffee is average and the staff is obnoxious.
3	Nice coffee & art/craft shop in a residential area of downtown Phoenix that participates in monthly Art Detour. They serve coffee, espresso drinks, Italian sodas, bagels, sandwiches & organic green salads. They also sell art, clothing and jewelry in an art collective. There's a book & game library in back. Friendly service. The only problem with this space is seating. 3 bar stools at the counter and three more around a tall table in the front room and a long table in the library room are it for indoor seating. Wednesday night is craft night, when the back room seating is taken up by people's sewing & other craft supplies. There are some picnic tables in the lawn outdoors and a small table on the shaded front porch. In fall, winter & spring this will be super, but during the summer heat it'll be intolerable sitting outdoors after noon.
5	What a find!  The first time I walked into the place I saw handmade clothes, jewelry, pottery, shoulder bags & coffee.  The back section had health and beauty creations from soaps to hair care products all locally made.  The coffee is great and I like the hummus and flax seed crackers since I'm gluten intolerant.  Usually I go into the library and browse the Internet and read some of the zines people have written like, "Jail Stories."  This place is such a good spot that I bring everyone from out of town to it.  One person described Conspire as an artist collective akin to those found in Seattle or Portland.  Da bomb for shiz.
3	I agree with David X.--this place is more Willow House than the real new Willow House. They don't take AmEx so I had to bail, coffeeless. Ambience is hippy/First Friday style. Not too many places to sit inside and I'm not sure if they were running their a/c.I'll be back. In October. With cash.
4	Unique and eclectic place. it is so multifaceted. Part retail shop, part coffee shop, and part library. This place is opposite in every way from the corner Starbucks. You are invited to pull-up a seat and ENJOY your beverage/food. John the owner is super relaxed and fun to chat with. It is refreshing to be served with such a genuine smile! It isn't easy to find a quality cup of coffee so I am super appreciative of it when one comes along. The vegan donuts are also surprisingly delicious. I would never have known it was vegan from the taste. Great treat to accompany your beverage.
5	i love the roosevelt district. i didn't realize that there would be a little boutique inside the coffee shop (and a library too)! they were awesome. great shots, great milk, cool area, friendly service, really neat selection of local artists' stuff for sale.if you are visiting from out of town or are looking for a place to bring out of town visitors, conspire is definitely particular to phoenix (in the best way).
5	Ive been trying to quit drinking coffee since I moved here, but Conspire coffee keeps putting me back on the junk.  I think about it, and then I start itching, then the cold sweats, then I make the 5 minute drive and get a large Americano and then the cycle continues.  I've been off coffee 2 days now.  Lets see how long i can go.   Conspire is a much needed vestige for a "scene" downtown.  A nice place to meet up with folks, hang out and watch people be weird, or try to be weird and fail, or try to be normal, and end up being weirder than the ones that try to be weird.   Conspire has shown nothing but growth since they opened, and I'm sure we'll see nothing but more from them in the future, cuz they deserve it!
4	One of my favorite places downtown.Cool vibe. Cool goods. Great vegan donuts. A nice coffee.I'll Conspire with you any time.
5	to be honest i'll preface this review to only be about one thing..ok well maybe two things. the Toddy Coffee and the Vegan Donutsi love you.i am absolutely in love with you.typically i order an iced americano and then fill it up with stevia sweetener till my hearts content, and then enough organic half and half to change my coffees complexion to reflect halle berry. but the toddy i purchased at conspire was 1000% perfect just with ice. merry me.
5	Never have I ever had a craving as muchas the soy coconut latte's they make in a clutchthe donuts are veganbut I cannot eat thembecause my stomach hates gluten a touch.They carry cool clothesand crowds come in droveson First Friday where their location is key.This poem doesn't really rhymeI hope you don't mind,a true poet I never will beBut I do like to bakeso watch out for my vegan cakesConspire, please buy them from meSure the baristas are hippiesand its not always quickiebut the taste is deliciousperhaps even nutritiousConspire you've sure got MY vote
2	With the explosion of coffee shops in CenPho these days (Fair trade, Royal, Copper Star, Hob Nobs, Lola at the Gold Spot, Sbuck$, and the soon to come Giant) its going to be hard for me to get over here routinely.  The coffee tastes similar to other places that I've just listed and the ambiance is just confusing. Is it an art gallery, a boutique, a coffee shop - I'd just prefer it picked one.The best way that I experience this place is grab a coffee and dessert to go. The lack of seating just makes it tough for me to want to routinely come back and relax. The desserts (especially the cupcakes) are truly tasty, and you should go out an try them.At the end of the day though, there are other options.
3	So after checking this place out I've decided it three stars. (Ahh, please don't come after me!! lol). I think it's pretty cute and the coffee is DELICIOUS, however with all the other little coffee joints around Cenpho, it's not a full five stars in my book. The outdoors can use some tidying up, yea I know it's "casual" and all but maybe picking up knocked over chairs on the lawn would help a bit. The place has local handmade items inside. They also have craft classes which shows they are very community involved. On First Fridays this place is the place to be. Conspire is however the most art emphasized coffee house in Cenpho so I have to give them credit for that. The staff was not too friendly, I think that's the main reason why I even noticed such petty little things..
4	I was not sure what to expect with this place but I told my girlfriend they had Vegan donuts and on a rainy, cold Sunday in Phoenix it seemed like the perfect time to drop in.Pulling up and entering this place I felt like I was in Eugene, OR. This place seems like it SHOULD be in Eugene(if you have ever been there you know what I am talking about). It's great it is in Phoenix, but I did not know places like this existed in this desert city, just Eugene.Things are casual, I get the feeling that everyone crammed inside knows everyone else - but they don't know me. Sometimes I felt like people are staring at me, judging, maybe because I was wearing a Helly Hansen slicker(it was cold and raining, I don't get to wear it much) and that was against their ideologies, maybe I was just paranoid, I don't know. I am a vegan, trying to get my degree in Sustainability from ASU and buy shit off Etsy, etc so don't give me that "look" ok?Of course they are out of Vegan donuts....errr.... they did not even get any that day? The friendly dude working lets us know about the Vegan Breakfast Burrito, what's this you say?! Bingo. It was a long 10 minute wait and I was not expecting much but it was actually very good. Came with tortillas chips and salsa all for $6, hard to beat that. The salsa...wow....out of everything here I was not expecting to be blown away by the salsa but it was good!!! Tasted like Carolina's salsa so maybe they just ripped them off but whatever, kudos.I almost forgot the best part. While we were waiting for our burrito some lady was going off about cereal. Something about the marketing, colors and how they pushed the toy but then the toy you got sucked, etc, etc. It was quite the anti-corporation rant and was quite interesting, albeit hard to keep up with - I think she had one too many  cafe latte's.I definitely want to come back here to try out the vegan donuts and also I didn't get to check out  the "library" in the back which seems very interesting. The place was a bit messy outside, I guess they could clean it up some but I don' t really think anyone gives a f*ck and why should they - stick it to The Man.
5	I love conspire for a multitude of reasons, first John Sagasta makes a mean cup of coffee.  Second I love that there are many local artists featured, I bought my sister a one of a kind vase as her wedding present.  It was so beautiful and perfect!  Third I really like that you can get one of a kind clothing as well.  Lastly they are always having special events like poetry night or kickball games.  Very cool!
5	This place makes me feel like I'm back at home in San Francisco. It's just a little scruffy---and feels less fancy than the Lux/Lola's/etc. Happy to have found it, and loving my chai.
4	This review is based on one Italian soda and a bottle of water...but my Jessica said it was super delicious for Italian soda so conspire two thumbs up for  great italian soda...and two thumbs up for having cool local stuff and a bottle of water on a hot First Friday!
5	A lazy sunday afternoonsadly however this would involve no cupcakes or narniabut rather two brothers and their schwinns perusing cen pholil bro and i cruise by this awesomely funky little house covered in art head to toe, inside and outso we stop in to smell the rosesand conspire doesnt fail to deliverfor $3.50 we order ourselves a large iced coffee, deliciously stronga sign on the inside cautions: "there is no such thing as strong coffee only weak men!" so maybe i should say...flavorful instead of strong lolat any rate conspire is probably one of the coolest little secrets in the valley. cheers! i hope to be back every time i visit mi hermano in cen pho ^__^
3	The coffee here is incredible, as are the vegan goodies, but the service is so slow and sometimes there aren't even vegan goodies!  It's kind of a drive for me to go there, so I always call ahead to see if they have treats for me, but answering doesn't seem like a priority for the people who work here.  Slow service would be fine if they had vegan chocolate chips, but I am not taking the gamble again, its not worth a 15 minute drive for a toddy.  I will make one here at my house.  I will continue to try and call, and if they one day miraculously break away from their ping pong games (seriously I heard a barista use this excuse for why the customer waited 5 minutes at an unattended bar) to answer the phone and tell me that they have something more to offer than a toddy, then I will go back.  Until then, find me at Lux or the new Cartel.  They don't have vegan goodies either, but the service is fantastic.  I know you guys are "conspiring" or whatever, but it's a business, and brand equity matters.  Your competition is thick and you provide a service that is an easy "skip" in tough financial times.  Might want to step your game up.  Being nice isn't quite good enough.
4	Good coffee, vegan treats, nice people. I walked  into Phoenix, I walked through Phoenix, I was pretty much ready to walk out of Phoenix. Then I saw a sign that said "vegan donuts..."Who the hell in Phoenix is vegan? I had to check it out.Walking up, I encountered a posse of down to earth, sure, call the hippies if you want, kids, all having a good time on the picnic table outside. Not knowing anybody in Phoenix, I left conspire with many a lasting friendship!It must be said, yes, there is a "crowd" here that might deter the type of people who got lost looking for Starbucks. For you, there is Starbucks. For me, I want to the type of people who know what a vegan donut is.I appreciate the gallery inside filled with local artisan goods, lots of great art up and good music playing. I could agree with the idea that some improvement could be made. I do love the laid back atmosphere, but could also see how it might deter newcomers from feeling welcome when there is too much inside-jokery and focus on friends before customers. Again, I think this comes with the territory of a small shop in a locals-only part of town.
4	Conspire combines all my loves - cozy boutique/coffeeshop doesn't waste an inch of space in providing assorted, hand-selected gift items, many of which are locally designed, across all price points (jewelry mini-gallery in the back room).  Great tea/coffee menu, friendly staff. Neighborhood gem.
4	The greeting was very welcoming from such pretty lady and which i could tell she loved her job. I had ordered the Chi cold tea with a raspberry scone was delicious and a great way to start the morning of another day in my life. The atmosphere of conspire is very laid back and respectful folks, I'd say. You can enjoy your beverage and snack outside in the beautiful phx fall weather and observe the art that is all around you.
5	My boyfriend and I came to CenPho for his tattoo appointment, and I've seen raves about vegan doughnuts (Chris and I are vegans) so we had to grab the chance. Pulling up this place, I was immediately excited-I LOVE small and local business situated in an old house. We got in and immediately fell in love with it. The doughnuts were OUT, but we ended up having a delicious vegan burrito! I would definitely go back when I'm in the area again-only if you would open another location in Chandler! :D
4	I had no idea that I couldn't get anything made with espresso here.  I had seen people reviewing and checking in on FourSquare, but didn't know that the place across the street had a bigger coffee bar.No biggie, had a plain coffee. This is a really cool place to go.  There is seating in really random places, so I picked the back room.  It had an old van bench seat and shelves of books.  Lots of cool art on the walls and a set-up for someone to play guitar.  Or something.You can even shop here!  Some clothing & accessories along with whatever else the people running it are interested in.It's in the Roosevelt district, so plenty of parking on the street during the day.They offer vegan baked goods, too.I'll be back, even though I can't get an Americano.  I like the vibe.
4	This is an eclectic little spot which I'm sure I'll see more of like the area that it's in, and I love this style of business. One of the highlights of quick little visit to this business was a wonderful friendly atmosphere. Another was something that I'll be coming back to see on the first Friday of next month and that is the turtle race. No this isn't live turtles racing is a contraption one of the owners dreamt up with two strings in a little wooden turtle. He explained to me how it works but have yet to see it in action and I'm looking forward to that next month. But this place is great and and I'm sure there's something you'll like if you're one of the artsy type that seem to frequent this place. Four stars good and solid!
5	Conspire was the perfect welcome for this Minneapolitan; it was counterculture heaven! The barista was wicked cool and gave me some suggestions about where to see a show, among the venue options: conspire's very own back patio (see pics). Not to mention the AMAZING veggie burrito.
2	Unfortunately, I think this coffee shop relies on its "artsy" location for repeat business instead of actual customer service. Every time I have been here it is terribly long waits. Another inconvenience is they pretty much make their own hours, they DO NOT keep the hours they post on their website. I don't see what the big deal is about conspire.
4	This place gets 5 stars for being all vegan, the staff there is very friendly but pretty ditsy and pretty stoned, the food could be a little better. Inside is super cool, and the house is very welcoming and colorful. Dog friendly and nice outside seating.
3	Unless someone's got the rolling papers ready, I'm wary of enjoying this cluttered, counter-culture cafe. You're hippies, but a different brand of hippies. The "anarchist" kind who probably spent their high school years drawing that huge 'A' with the circle around it to make a statement. Take THAT, society! In any case, I appreciate all of the DIY music recordings for sale that line the wall. I enjoyed seeing rather grotesque art I would never buy, juxtaposed with the usual First Friday crowd lounging around in their Wayfarers. I suppose in this way, all establishments on Roosevelt are the same.But let's talk about the service and products. The line was long, but it was incredibly fast. Contrary to their speed, the baristas were relaxed and inviting, as if they know the rep for pretentiousness their job carries and work hard to contradict it. I browsed the baked goods they carried, and although what was ready-made was very limited, I appreciate the niche they were trying to fill. The menu was scribbled on the wall, containing traditional vegan fare like a simple veggie wrap, to 'OMGWTF' shenanigans like vegan nachos made with..."soy-rizo". I noticed the lack of espresso, in fact...I don't think I saw any coffee! Surely, I must have overlooked it. I settled on the avocado smoothie, and perked up with delight when given a choice between rice, almond, and soy milk. I could drink those alone all day long! For $4, the light green beverage was gargantuan, but I was disappointed by its blandness. Fortunately, it's not loaded up with sugar, but at the same time, can we get a little spice in here? Nutmeg? Cinnamon? It was wholly indicative of the Conspire experience. Tons of stuff you won't find anywhere else, to be enjoyed with the sort of crowd that will tie you down (with hemp rope!) and make you watch Zeitgeist until your eyes bleed. Don't be fooled by the Yelps and Foursquares of the world: this place is more of a vegan snack bar than a coffee shop. If you're vegan, absorbed into counterculture, or a sucker for novelty, you will fall in love. If you're the vapid Starbucks traditionalist, you'll look like a deer in the headlights. For people like me in between, it will do. I look forward to trying more of these unorthodox morsels.
2	"Gritty" is the word that comes to mind when I think of Conspire. It's not your typical art gallery, if you can call it a gallery at all. It reminded me of a run-down college rental, complete with a makeshift kitchen.Don't get me wrong, I appreciate all genres of art and the effort that goes into Conspire. I'd like to see more development with the work. Maybe an installation piece...
1	The first time I went to conspire I got the Thai wrap, some funky name drew me to it. It was decent, but not great. The coffee I used to wash it down was strong and I appreciated that. However,  the service took forever (35minutes to wrap vgetables in a wrap and throw some Thai sauce on it? wtf?) even though I was the only customer in sight. A previous yelper had the perfect word to describe the look of the place, "gritty." And I mean there's grit everywhere. The place is dirty and gross and I hope the health inspector pays a visit soon because I'm concerned for peoples' health.Despite my less than stellar first try at Conspire, I gave it a second go because I park next to it everyday to walk to ASU downtown. I thought I might as well have a place to grab a convenience lunch on days I'm running late (hindsight is everything!). Second time round I got the undead burger. Now, now I will never go back! This time the burger took 45 minutes to make and I was once again the only customer in the place. When I finally got it the entire bottom bun was soaked in the oil that was used to cook the burger. The burger itself squirted oil up my nose when I bit into it. At the same time mayo flew out the other end and  plopped onto the ground when I took that fateful bite. I threw it in the next dumpster I happened by.After this last experience I'll now call the food gross in addition to the actual physical site. Never, ever again!
5	I love conspire. I lived in Phoenix about 2 and a half years ago and used to come here before it was completely renovated-- I liked it then, but now when I come back to Phoenix occasionally, I love it even more. I haven't had too much of the food (although now they deliver now, and it's heavily vegan, so it might have to happen), but I love their coffee. More than that, I love the vibe. They have several different rooms with booths to sit in, wi-fi, and pretty quiet background music so it's a good place to work.The library in the back room is epic. It's hard to find such cool places in Phoenix. The jewelry sold in the front is great. I went their yesterday and my friend bought anchor-shaped earrings for a whopping six bucks. I bought octopus earrings for 7. It's arsty and hip and I'm sure plenty of the ASU student scene hate it. In the back, there's a skateboard ramp and a stage for music. The people who work there have been friendly and inviting to me every time I have gone. I couldn't ask for a more comfortable environment.
5	Down with Babylon!  Rise up young buck, rise up!!
4	The Lemonade Alone is Worth the Trip.  The fizzy zing of the agave-sweetened hand crafted sparkling lemonade cranked the amp on my taste bud endorphins and rolled my eyelids like old-time snap-roll window blinds.  When the temp rises to 42 C, I'll be back - if I'm in town.We enjoyed the Undead Humberger vegan slider, hummus and flax seed cracker dishes.Nathaniel and Amanda, the new operators of Conspire are conspiring to advance vegan dining to the Downtown Phoenix Art District.They are conspiring to rotate visiting artists work from all over every month in the various galleries.  They conspire to provide an outlet for some extremely reasonably priced local graphic, clothing and jewelry art to we the counterculture.Music variety and skateboard-palooza added to the mix.  The Anarchist Library has a community bulletin board and lots of titles I'd not consider Anarchist, but required reading to make a well-rounded Western Centric human of ya.  Fun.  And I'll bet you might be able to get your political conspiracy Tarot read as well.
4	Warning: If you've ever been called a "cracker", consider yourself strongly Republican, have excellent hygiene, or are highly carnivorous, leave now. Just go. I'll wait.For whoever is left, here's the deal: This is a totally-indie-hipster-vegan-chill-sesh kind of place. You can interpret that as you will, but if eau de scenester and staff with disconcerting facial hair bothers you, leave now. Personally, I enjoy it, save for the ridiculous people, art, and "I'm-trying-so-hard-that-I'm-not-trying" vibe emanating from the ridiculous people. If you subtract all the weird hullabaloo, it's just a casual place to get some coffee and tasty noms. I'd say the food is slightly healthier than Green, but not healthy enough to be considered "one of those sh*tty vegan places".The painted exterior and overall decor give Conspire an urban vibe that's pretty hard to find in Phoenix, save for in this little nugget of town. Plus, the place is split up into a few rooms, so privacy is not only possible, but plausible. Hooray!On to the edible portion... the aztec end burrito is a good deal. It's a tortilla with vegan cheese, rice, beans, and a few veggies that comes with a side of hummus and flax chips. The only issue was that the food took 30 minutes... I mean it was First Fridays, but regardless, people sometimes get murdered when I'm really hungry and feeling neglected.I strongly recommend the vegan doughnuts with a black coffee. It's like cop food, only you're too cool to be a cop, you little pseudo anarchist vegan, you. If you'd like to wade into the waters of the modern hipster, check this place out. But like I said, if you fit into any of the upper criteria, speed away in your BMW to a trustworthy, popular chain that sells monogrammed mugs and only has one kind of milk.
3	The one thing missing from this place, is the beach right outside. Seriously, I feel like this is straight out of Rincon, Puerto Rico....but instead of surfers outside, there is a skateboarding ramp, haha...The coffee was ok....I had an iced coconut milk latte, very rich! (a little too rich, actually...) I didn't get to try any baked goods, as their baker hadn't been in yet :( but, hopefully another day. I will have to come again to try some of the vegan entrees, the nachos looked good. The menu was a bit hard to understand though.... Actually, I didn't even see the coffee selections up, everything is sort of scribbled on the wall.Anyways, this cafe definitely feels out of place here in phoenix, but if you want a way to escape to hippyish, veghead, beach-like cafe, pop right in! (make sure you have change tho, for the parking meters)
5	I love local gems like this, the food is made with love and wholesome ingredients, which is rare now a days. If you are a veggie or vegan this is a great alternative to the same ol' places you've eaten at a zillion times. Please check them out and support small, local businesses- these are what makes Phoenix unique and wonderful.
4	I enjoy popping in Conspire every now and then. They have yummy baked goods, they sell some neat items, and have shows/poetry readings/things of the like going on pretty regularly. The Thai Iced Tea w/ Almond Milk is to die for. The place itself is awesome... I've never been incredibly impressed with the employees or the service but something about it (probably the veggie/vegan options) keeps me comin' back.
