5	Ok I'm going to put my masculine side on the line here and write a review for a shoe store. This store has kept my kids in shoes and me sometimes for years!!This is by far the largest RR i have been in and in the back they have a huge Clearance section. A employee once told me they send shoes to this store since it is larger and has room for lotsa Clearance shoes. My daughter, 10 now and wearing a 9 1/2 or 10 keeps going through shoes and have found tons of shoes for her for $5 thru $15 in the clearance area. I've found some for myself every now and then and a couple times for my son. (ex. $125 pair of Asics running for him for $30) WOOTWhat i don't like!?!?!?! One Row of men's Clearance and like 6 rows for the lady folk!! Discrimination!!! Or i guess that proportionally correct as women have at least 6-7 for every 1 pair us guys have. Prices are good for non-clearance shoes too and they usually have a Buy one pair get one pair half off. The close at 8pm on the weekdays a little later than the rest of the stores in Park Road Shopping Center but not 9 like many retailers.Go
1	I went in on 6-19-13 to take care of a customer service problem (I got charged for 4 pairs of shoes when I only purchased 3!).  The lady at the front desk was a young girl (she had a manager in training badge on) and she was not very nice.  She kept saying I don't want to get in trouble (like 5 or so times) and then she had to make a phone call to another store and she kept saying out loud to the person on the other end of the phone how her customer was getting upset at her and I was standing right there (how rude!!!).  Bottom line is she was super unprofessional and not very smart or helpful.  I can't believe that they would hire someone like that and then to potentially put them in a manager in training program is such a joke.  :-(  Go somewhere else for shoes!  There is an Omega shoes and sports store in the same shopping center that is super helpful and nice....definitely go there instead!  :-)
