4	$25 for a spa pedicure. No appointment either! Lots of great Opi colors and the guy (owner?) that worked on my feet did a stellar job removing calluses and cleaning up my cuticles. I had a 4 year old with me, too, and for about $5 one of the girls painted his nails with cool Halloween colors and kept him occupied while I had my mini spa moment.I'm only here twice a year but I'll definitely be back next time I am in town. :-)
4	I've been here twice recently to get my nails down. First time I got natural tip with a gel coat and second time I just got the gel coat over my nails. I love this nail salon because they welcome walk-ins all the time and the wait isn't super long. I have had my nails done by the girls and guys here and they're all amazing. They pay very close attention to detail. The price range is from $25 to $40. My gel coat manicures are usually $35 and I love the finish. I definitely recommend.
5	I absolutely love this place. When I moved into town I was overwhelmed by the sheer number of nail salons to choose from. After a couple lackluster experiences, I was shopping at Target (which is right next door, super convenient) and noticed this place.  I looked down at the abysmal condition my toes were in and decided to give it a try.I am so glad that I did. The place isn't what I would call fancy but it is very clean and that matters more to me than what art is on the wall. They have a steady stream of business but always have enough people working to get you in with minimal to no wait time.If you want the best pedicure with the best foot and leg massage you've ever gotten, then ask for Kim. Her hands are so strong! She also pays meticulously close attention to detail and she is super nice and funny. She also gives the best gel manicure I've ever had.
4	My favorite neighborhood nail salon. I've never had an appointment, and even on a busy Saturday morning, I've only had to wait 10-15 minutes.  Clean, well-organized, a wide selection of colors, and most importantly, a great pedicure ($25).  They take great pride in their work, and between the massage chairs and the wonderful leg and foot massage, it is pretty darn blissful.The eyebrow waxing ($12) is pretty good as well, but the room is a little claustrophobic and not quite as nice as the rest of the salon. They do a good job, so that's the most important thing.
3	Honestly, I'm a little torn on the review for this nail salon.  I decided to stop here in between Christmas shopping instead of my usual place since this is located next to Target.  I did not have to wait to be seated for my gel manicure, which was nice.  The selection of gel colors was small, but this did not bug me very much.  The woman who did my nails was very friendly and efficient.  However, my HUGE peeve was that she used a box of manicure tools with her name on it... I could see residue on the bottom of the container and I am used to places that sanitize their tools and seal them after each use.  The real kicker was that after she trimmed all of my cuticles, she threw the trimmer back into box (cuticles and all).  I can only hope that it gets thoroughly cleaned after!  My gel manicure turned out nice, but 3 days later my thumb nail chipped.  Gel manis typically last me 3-4 weeks, so I am slightly disappointed.  Overall, customer service is great.  I was not overly impressed with the actual nail service that is delivered.
5	Super clean. I love them!
5	Everyone here does an amazing job.  Johnny and Kim give amazing foot and leg messages.
4	Quality and Service on point
1	They are very rude here. I have never been treated worse at a nail salon. They no nothing about customer service IMO. Nice to be sitting there when tell them before service how you want your nails and they talk about you the whole time in their language. Treated me really bad and had the nerve to say next time, like I would be back to a place that was so rude. I dont know how they can stay in business treating their customers this poorly, in front of everyone. I dont see manicurists license in view and their tools are not sanitary. They cut my finger with their tool and said it was brand new. They never cleaned the tool and i was their 40 minutes after the cut happened.
5	Been coming here for about 3 years. Kim is my Nail Goddess and Lucy makes my brows beautiful every time, I got compliments all the time, and have gotten a ton of friends going here. My nails/toes look great even after 4 weeks no chipping, just regrowth makes me have to get them done again. Loveeee them all :)
4	I absolutely LOVE this place!! The place is clean and the manicurist are friendly and do a job well done. When you first enter, they will greet you and offer you a bottle of water and when you get seated they actually converse with you and not just talk to you when trying to sell you add-ons to your manicure or pedicure. Their prices are excellent and I will definitely continue to come back!
5	I have been coming here for 3 years now and have been to so many places. I love the friendly team here, the already know me & always make it super comfortable.Lynn & Johnny are the best for me.. They both also give the best massages.I like that they dont gossip among themselves so much like other salons.Its more quiet & relaxing here.. No personal questions, just good quality service
5	Kimmmmm!!! Kim for nails, Lucy for brows, I've been coming here for about 3-4 years, never left unsatisfied!
5	Love coming here. It's behind my house so it's convenient but I rarely have to wait long. Even when I do have to wait they have these fun shoulder massagers. My parents and I like to come get pedicures (my dad loves Johnny). Lucy does great work as well. Pedicures last quite a while and there is a good polish selection.
1	So I just walked in this place and instead of saying, I'm sorry we cannot service you, they started out with a lie and when I checked them some man, who didn't make eye contact with me said, oh yes we will be closed in a hour come back tomorrow. So he was going to have me come to the damn store after it closed. Rude! You just lost a client. You should've been honest in the beginning and said, no we have no openings please come back tomorrow. I'm not happy because this is one place I liked and is close to my home. I rushed from work to make it! Boo!
2	I stopped in for a Pedicure & fill. The pedicure was fine. The tech did add acetone to the polish to stretch the OPI color which I do not like... I left extremely unhappy because the tech obviously struggled doing a pink & white. I posted a photo. You can see the plastic tip under the acrylic on the pink & white nail she "fixed". She also kept the hurting me while she did my nails with the shaver because she let it get too hot.
5	I went for the first time today and got the best pedicure ever. They take their time, do a thorough job and the massage was strong. Also, the massage chair is amazing too! I will def make the drive bc their worth it !
2	The nail tech was nice but the pedicure was alright. I didn't feel like she was thorough and my heels didn't feel as smooth as when I went to other places, which is the whole purpose of getting a pedicure. I feel as if I could do what she did at my own home. She would also be doing my pedicure and keep constantly looking away, which made me nervous. I moved to this side of town so I decided to give it a try... I most likely will not be coming back.
4	My daughter and I just walked in and were instantly greeted with a smile. We were helped right away and even was given a cold bottle of water to drink during our pedicures. Awesome experience. It would be a perfect star rating if they didn't speak a foreign language during our service. This makes customers uncomfortable and this is a rude habit to have.
2	I went here yesterday with my cousin to get nail done. The lady did my toes was fine but the one did my nail she cut me bleeding badly. I was going to get shellac nail but after she cut me I don't want to get my nail done anymore. If she cut me once I'm not gonna say anything , she cut me with 4 fingers bleeding and didn't say sorry. I try to be nice and keep my mouth shut but u can't cause after my nails whatever I do they hurt and burn so bad. As a nail tech from different state I can tell that lady don't know how to do nail cause when she cut me she try to put oil cuticle on to make my fingers stop bleeding but I already know she cut me and still she blood on my cuticles .
