5	After dinner in Uptown and walking the streets to see what was new, we discovered PJ's Coffee & Lounge tucked away on one of the streets in the new EpiCentre.  From the outside, it looked pretty cool -- a wine bar/coffeehouse combination.  The lighting was low, the decor was modern, and the seating was made for small groups and intimate conversations.  We stopped in to check it out and order coffee and dessert.  The wine bar looked pretty cool, but we weren't in the mood to drink.  And the prices looked a little high!  $12 for a martini?  Yikes!  So, what do we do?  We order $4 specialty coffees and split a $6 piece of cake.  PJs is apparently from New Orleans.  The coffee was good, but nothing extraordinary.  The red velvet cake was tasty, though.  I think it was the rich cream cheese/chocolate frosting that made it so good.There isn't a lot of seating in PJs, so I'm not sure how crowded it will get when the EpiCentre is in full swing and everything's open, but I enjoyed the atmosphere now.  The place was full, but not overcrowded.  As we were getting ready to leave, a small band started setting up, so it looks like the place was going to liven up even more (although with the smallish size of the place for a music hall, I imagine that the speakers would be a bit deafening).  All in all, it's nice to have a place like PJs in Uptown.  I can't think of anywhere like it.  It was a good place for us to wind down after dinnner, and have some coffee and dessert.  It also seems like a good spot for a small group of friends to get together, talk, and hang out before or after a night on the town.
4	Checked out PJ's with some friends after dinner and before heading upstairs to Suite. For some reason I had expected a larger spot. This was nothing spectacular, but it works. Nice, clean, intimate. We all had some coffee, drinks, and a little hookah. Atmosphere is nice, you can actually have a good conversation with people...music was okay. I think there was a playlist of 80's songs in there, which after an hour it was "like didn't we just hear this?"....The only other problem I had was with the hookah service being pretty slow. I think they must have went to Dubai to get me some fresh cut smokes. It took a good 20/30 minutes for us to receive the pipe...so make sure you know this before going in. Other than that I will probably give it another shot one day.
5	We returned to PJs and had noticed that a lot of changes had been made since PJs first opened.  Back then, we stopped by for dessert and coffee after dinner.   Now the place is very unfocused on dessert and coffee, and much more focused on alcohol and hookahs.  Which, of course, wasn't a bad thing, because we wanted an adult beverage.  The seating is pretty limited, but we got a great seat for the three of us in a leather sectional sofa.   It was so comfortable.  We opted for "regular" drinks this time instead of their specialty $12 martinis to try to save some money.  So for about half the price, I got my vodka and cranberry juice served in regular glass instead of a martini one.  Saturday night, there was a DJ there who was nothing short of AWESOME.  I could have sat there relaxing and drinking, listening to him spinning records (literally) for hours.  The music was very upbeat and danceable, and it made for a fantastic visit.  We didn't try the flavored hookahs at $20 a pop, but I'm a little hookah-curious.  I'd like to learn a little more about them, though, before I go puffing away and stir up my allergies.
2	The previous reviews were geared towards the late night crowd. However, I ended up at PJ's on a Sunday afternoon (waiting for a movie).My experience was nothing special. It seemed like it was a place "waiting for the night"...at least that's when I hear the action happens. The staff weren't friendly. It did not carry the warm and relaxing vibe I'm accustomed to when I enter a coffee shop. Rather, they were playing a movie in the corner (that reminded me of a Lifetime movie) and pop music. It just didn't work.If you are around in the afternoon, get your cup to go.
3	PJ's is a pretty cool place to hang out while your waiting for a movie at the Epicentre. It's not really a destination but more a part of the journey, meaning that if you have something else going on and you want to grab a bottle or glass of wine and a bit of cheese and fruit - this place is for you since it won't bankrupt you.As for the coffee -- I can't say I've tried it.
