5	Best hookah I've ever had. The staff may not speak great english, but they are friendly and know what they are doing. The hookah tasted phenomenal and i am sure they make great sandwiches (I didn't order it as I had already ate). The atmosphere seems dark and intimidating at first but when you sit for a while, it becomes much friendlier. They play music from Ethiopia which has a nice steady rhythm that isn't overwhelming like some hookah lounges I have been to. Overall great experience and the next time I am in Vegas, I will be sure to drop in again.
5	Hidden gem of hookah cafe 2 blocks west of the Palms.  I've never had food or coffee, just hookah. My favorite things:- Price-Friendliness/outstanding service-Quality- Delivery service of hookahs and refills to Money Plays (next door) with no extra chargeIt is a little dark (though clean and not scary) when you first go in, but once inside you can immediately see  friendly faces enjoying hookahs in the couch area and the service/coffee counter in the back.  The music is low key Ethiopian music, as the staff is Ethiopian.  I've never had any language barrier issues nor felt anything less as if I am being welcomed into their own home.  Super friendly.The prices and quality are extremely good; refills are crazy cheap.  They have enough variety in flavors to keep you happy and are open to suggestions if there's something you don't see.  They will try to get it for you for your next visit.  Your hookah is attended to often (no charge for coal changes!).  Normally I go in and order and get the delivery service to Money Plays (my favorite LV bar) which is next door.  You can drink, enjoy a band or lively conversation, eat some tacos (also delivered from an adjoining business) and enjoy Hookah and refill delivery there at no extra charge.  I make sure that I tip the runners nicely.  They even come over to check on/attend to the coals on a regular basis.  Super good hookah, super good prices, awesome staff, and tons of options will keep you happy at this lounge.
1	This is the place where to go and get Ganja just ask the server or Casher special hooka. They do provide you organic Marriuana
5	First off let me just say that I am a hookah fanatic, and long have i searched for the perfect hookah lounge.Well, I found it.Everytime i went to any hookah lounge the music would be too loud, my hookah would taste burnt after a while, prices were waaay too high, and the service wasn't all that great.Dream Cafe was the ultimate exception.I found it by accident when me and my wife were looking for something to do, so we went in and asked how much it was for a hookah session. My mind was blown when they said 10 Dollars!! So we stayed an hour and for that whole hour their tobacco did not burn or get rough, and the coals were bright red all throughout. Just an awesome smoking experience.Their coffee is amazing as well. They have a brand name proffessional coffee maker. The coffee is bold but not too bitter, and just overall pleasant.I've also never had any Ethiopian food before, EVER.I talked to the staff about what i should order since i am in no way familiar with Ethiopian food. The staff kindly suggested their most popular dish and i went with it, and never regretted it. It was BIG, and enough for 2 people.Very good service, very good hookah, very good food.I went there twice in one day!!And will keep on going!
1	It seems really calm at first, but the service wasn't the best. Everyone around us was getting excellent service & it seemed to be because they were the same race. I felt very unwelcome just because of the color of my skin. & they wouldn't give us water & rushed us out of there. When we went to pay they just said the price, nothing more, nothing less. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are not of the race because they will disrespect you.
5	This place is amazing there Hookah is always the same there price is also very reasonable
5	Service is awesome! You can order hookah and go next door to the bar and they bring it to you. There are awesome flavors and it's super authentic. If you want good hookah it's the place. Order, go to the bar next door and drink and gamble.
1	hookah was always harsh the moment it was brought to our table. didn't have a good time here. the place seems to advertise that they specialize in hookah but it only looks like a side feature.
