4	Got a large pizza. Was good. Tuff parking there. Was pretty busy and a little confusing when u get inside. Door was open and was insanely hot. I'll try something else next time. It is nice to have a different pizza place in the area.
5	Loved it!!!Happy to have them in the neighborhood.Typical italian pizza place but the food is so yummy
5	Pizza was amazing!! I felt like I was back in Brooklyn ..... Cannoli was best I had out in Vegas and I have eaten at great restaurants... Parking is tough but worth it!!
5	Great pizza place! I had the white pizza and the Chicken Picatta pizza. Both were great. I've also had the Sausage and Broccoli Rabe and the Pepper and Egg sandwiches, both were delicious and the bread was soft and fresh. My favorite thing about this place is that it's only 1 mile from home!
5	Went here with my girlfriend and it was one of the best pizza we've ever had. We ordered the House pizza and it was delicious. And for dessert we had canolis which were pretty good too. From now on this will be our go-to pizza place. Will be ordering again soon.
5	I love love love the white pizza!  The cheese is so light and fluffy on a great crust you can fold up and enjoy.  Pepperoni is great too. My kids love the cheese, they actually eat more than one piece!  My wife loves the gluten free pizza. They have great deals for lunch, for takeout, buy a whole pie or just a few slices. Get dessert too. Super friendly staff, and they added a tv recently too. Did I mention we've been 4 times in less than 2 months? My new favorite, so good. Just are a few hours ago and I still want more!
1	Thumbs down to this place. With great anticipation we ordered a cheese. & sausage pizza to take out. When we got home it was cheese & pepperoni. The sauce was bitter and just because the place has New York in it`s name, doesn't mean it is good. Sweeten the sauce and listen to what the customer orders.
4	OMG!!!!   Finally!   Authentic NY Pie.   Drove from Green Valley to check it out.  Wish they delivered.  I'll be back.  No doubt!!!
1	I'm not sure how everything could be this wrong and this cold, but it is.  I ordered MILD wings, easy sauce, and got MEDIUM wings (written on the cover) dripping in sauce.  I ordered a half meatball/half ham pizza, the pizza is covered in both toppings.  Why offer half and half pizza if you don't know what it means?  And, considering they're less than 2 miles from my place, my food should not have been stone cold.  First and last time ordering from this place.
5	House of pizza is the best pizza in Las Vegas thousands of customers will agree with pure ingredients and real Italian new York taste
5	Real new York pizza in Las vegas thousands of customers will agree the food is real authentic Italian food stop in and try a slice
5	Great real Italian New York style pizza definitely is the best pizza in Las Vegas. I love the food and the deserts are out of this world.  The chef Luigi, Leonardo make the best Italian food in town.
4	Very good pizza. Definitely NY style. good quality cheese and sauce is tasty. This will be my new pizza place.
4	New York Pizza by New Yorkers...What makes a great pizza? Is it the dough, water or is it that special ingredient that has been passed down generation to generation? Located along West Lake Mead and Del Webb rd, House of Pizza will have you wanting that extra slice every time. Ordering the Works pizza to go, I was honestly a little surprised at the layout and effort that has gone into this place. It really does seem like a pizza joint staight out of a corner of the big apple.The dough of the pizza was actually one of the best parts, the crust was soft and really had a nice flavor to it. The ingredients seem to be fresh with a decent serving. I will recommend some of the pastries they offer. I'm not sure if they are made onsite or not but the custard pastry was amazing.  A nice flat screen is on the wall that shows whatever game is on and the soda selection is quite extensive. Also I over heard the owner saying that the recipes were his grandfathers.Not a bad little find House of Pizza. Service and quality of pizza is something I look forward to eating again soon.OverallFood: 5-5Service: 4-5Drink: 4-5Coming back: Yes
2	Ordered once and not impressed. What really turned me off was when I saw their employees drinking at 1:00 in the afternoon at a local bar just down the street in uniform. I'm not making accusations as they may have been off work, but believe that it's a horrible way to represent your company. Just think it's not very professional
5	I was having a party and needed several pizzas at a specific time on a Saturday night. I wanted good pizza. A step up from the fast food places, but without spending $20+ on each pizza. I, also, wanted some variety. In my research I came across House of Pizza.I went the day before to scope out the location in case I lived outside of the delivery radius AND to try a few slices before ordering for my party. The blonde girl running the counter was pretty great. She answered all my questions about ordering for the next day, and seemed eager for my business. She said if I was ordering a lot, they would deliver outside of the 5 mile radius & they only needed an hour or so of notice...things like that. The slices I tried weren't part of the 2 slices & a soda special for $4.50 (that's only for cheese?). I tried the white & the pepperoni. Honestly, they looked a bit dried out behind the glass case, but the same girl warmed them up for me...and they were delicious...AND HUGE. For my 2 (non cheese) slices and a bottle of water the bill was under $7.It is kind of a small place with very little seating. And, it is on a section of W Lake Mead I just never go to (until now). They also have very nice expensive take out menus. I used to work in commercial printing many moons ago, so this detail was not lost on me...heavy cardstock, double sided color, glossy!!! LOLOn the day of my party we called at 5pm and were adamant about a 630pm delivery, and they assured us it would be on time...and it was! They had sent an extra sausage pizza "just because" along with tons of parmesan & crushed red pepper packets and paper plates. We ordered 2 cheese, a meat lovers, a veggie, and a buffalo chicken. All large. Again, the slices are pretty huge...for all the bill was $86 plus tip. There were 14 people at the party and we still had over a whole pizza's worth left over. Everything was hot and delicious...and on time with extras!!! Several people emailed me afterward asking for the name of the pizza place because it was so good. I will, also, add I do not like anything even a little spicy, but I LOVED the buffalo chicken pizza!!! I HIGHLY recommend ordering that one. And, I never eat sausage, but their sausage pizza was delicious.FANTASTIC SERVICE & FOOD!!!Even though they are a,little bit out of the way for me, I'm definitely making House of Pizza my new pizza place!!
2	Sad to say they had great pizza at the beginning .. Now cutting corners ... Very pricey not worth the money.. We will not be ordering there anymore. It's a shame because we didn't mind the high price for good pizza. But dominos pizza is close and way better and cheaper !!!
5	Fantastic. Drive by all the time and never stopped. Decided to try today. That is some real good food. Highly recommend!
5	..what can I say but.. Awesome! Had the chicken Parmesan sandwich, probably the best the best I'll ever have, and the homemade Cannolis... I don't eat a lot of sweets, but wow.. just wow! you gotta try em.
5	Ordered the HUGE 28 inch pizza with pepperoni and sausage! First let me say ordering was easy and the girl I spoke with was super friendly and helpful. When I got there they were very busy but I was welcomed and only waited a few minutes. After I paid she came out with this ginormous pizza!! I was floored by the size of this thing! She opened it so I could see and check it out then offered to carry it to the car for me. She made a bag of red pepper and parm cheese and followed me to my car where we had to put the pizza in the trunk because of its size! When I got home my kids were so excited to see such a huge pizza! This was the best pizza I have had since living in northeast PA! Great quality meats and cheese and a very tasty sauce! Crust was perfect! Amazingly good! My whole family loves it and my 10 year old son declared this our new pizza place always! Lol. Great service and great pizza!!!!!! We will definitely order from here again! Yummo!
5	Great pizza, nice people, good for takeout.  special on mon-thurs for 8.99.   getting one tonight.
4	I stumbled upon this place and I was glad I did. If I could rate it 3.5 stars, I would. The service was fantastic, very friendly and helpful. The pizza was good, but it could have been a little fresher. I got the lunch special and they have the pizzas ready to go and just reheat the slices. I have a feeling that a freshly made pizza from this place would be amazing, because the reheated slices that were a little dry were still pretty good.
5	I am glad this place opened up because there are not that many independent pizza shops that deliver on this side of town.  I have ordered twice and the quality of the pizza improved on the second time.  I also love caprese salads, and they have a pretty good one.
5	Amazing!! So happy to have found this place. The house Sicilian is to die for! Definitely the best pizza, and service I've ever had.
1	Definitely not New York pizza but it does have the cool New York look made me feel like back home
5	The pizza here is amazing and the owner Mike is very hospitable!! Oh and you must try the delicious desserts!!!
5	First time here introduced by friends.    Had the linguini and clams.  It is the best lineup I and clams that I had for a long time !!!!   Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys this dish.   Mike and Matt are really nice and friendly.  Great food and service overall.    Will definitely be back soon for other items in the future.
