3	Pretty standard Michael's store... I did feel a bit cramped with the high shelves and narrow aisles.  The store seems to be as big as most other Michaels I've been to, but it's just jammed with more stuff in taller shelves it seems.Cashiers were friendly and i didn't have to search around too much before finding the size frame I needed...
2	I like the sales (especially clearance prices) they offer but I shop at Hobby Lobby more often for a few reasons.1.  This store is usually in some state of disarray when I go.2. The aisles seem a bit narrow and are tall and it feels a bit claustrophobic.3. There is a manager who sometimes works the cash register who is RUDE to customers. She doesn't greet you, she gives no eye contact, she will put your change on the counter, and when your transaction is concluded, she does NOT say "thank you" or respond to your "thank you".  She just walks away.
3	If you need art & and crafts stuff this is a solid bet... Unless you need a lot of arts & crafts stuff. They have a wide variety of things but they don't stock a large quantity of any of them. Need 2 or 3 photo frames on the cheap? You are set. Need 6 boxes of DIY orange floral wedding invitations? You may be SOL, but here's one to get you started. The employees are always super friendly, which is a plus but it only mildly takes the edge off the fact that I still have to drive across town to another Michael's.
3	They have the usual arts and crafts things that you may need, but if you're looking for a top quality paint brush or oil paint then try to find a speciality art store.  They usually have better quality and the prices are a lot cheaper.  If you do purchase paint colors then pull the tubs from the back...they're a little fresher.  They also have a decent varity of faux flowers where you can make pretty flower arrangemants.  I heard that the classes that they give (flower and cake decorating) are decent but I haven't taken one just yet.  Once I do I'll leave a review for that as well :)
4	I love Michaels! It is hard not to come out with nothing, unless you are broke.- have a smartphone handy, and look for a viewable coupon on their website to avoid the hassle of printing coupons. Show it to the cashier and get your deal of the week!- scrapbook paper selections are awesome!- bakery supplies for decorating a cake- lovely variety of Christmas ornaments- and the list goes on- a tad bit messy and cramped in the store
1	Of the Michaels in Charlotte this one is probably the one I like the least.  The store always looks terrible, but that is partially due to it being an older store.  The other reason the store looks so terrible is because its a mess (empty and disorganized shelves)!  I'm not sure if this store is physically smaller than the other Michaels in the area, but it definitely lacks selection.  Lastly, our cashier wasn't friendly and seemed like she was being in convinced by having to ring up customers.  For these reasons I generally go to Hobby Lobby or wait until I'm on the other side of Charlotte to go to a different Michaels.
