5	I have been eating here since it was called "Senior Miguels".I am not sure why the name changed to "Coasta Cantina" but I will tell you the food is the SAME consistency and quality. It is located inside the Suncoast.You get started with chips, salsa, and bean dip. All are good. This last visit I decided to try the "Carne Asada" and it was soooo good! The meat was full of flavor and that was with them cooking it well done per my request.On Wednesday and Thursday night they currently have the following special..Endless Tacos, Enchiladas and Bottomless Margaritas - $9.99 -Choice of ground beef, shredded beef or chicken tacos-Choice of cheese or chicken enchiladas with red or green sauce-Includes flan for dessertWe go for this all of the time you just can't beat it! If you haven't tried this place yet it is a must if you love good Mexican food and not have to pay an arm and a leg.
4	The salsa and bean dip with chips at the beginning is really good.We came here tonight for $9.99 endless tacos or enchiladas (avail on wed or thurs night) and bottomless margaritas and flan for dessert.  I chose the chicken enchiladas and had 3 margaritas (yummy), My dinner was very good. Service was average. I had to wait for more salsa that took almost 10 minutes to get. I think this special is very good and I would absolutely go back again.  I was actually surprised that their margaritas were really good (choice of traditional or strawberry) and it wasn't just watered down or anything. Even the flan was good.
4	We did the 2 for $25 (I think it's $25) and the food is really good. There was so much food in the beginning that I couldn't even eat my dinner because I was so full. First there is salsa and bean dip and part of the 2 for deal is an appetizer and my husband chose this sampler which was a dinner itself. The only thing that wasn't that good was the churros for dessert. They were kinda stale and they covered it with chocolate and whipped cream. It sounds good but it didn't taste good.The employee's are nice and as always it is not a busy restaurant.
4	Very tasty food! I've grown up in Southern Ca and consider myself a pretty good judge of good Mexican food, but I did not expect to find it at a hotel in Vegas! The taquitos and relleno are scrump.  Recommend giving it a try!
3	Average Mexican food.  Nothing to write home about.  Chips were good and so were the salsa.  The refried beans were excellent.  So much flavor. We started with the Mexican potato skins.  These were really good.  Crispy potato skin with cheese and different meats.  They give you 3 of them, one chicken, one pork, and one ground beef.  The beef one was the best.  The ground beef was really good.  A good amount of spices. The wife had a cheese enchilada and a chicken taquito plate.  She liked the enchilada, but didn't like the taquito.  The chicken inside was good, but they really scimped on the size.  They only gave you one.   I ordered the chile relleno and a beef taquito.  I liked the taquito, but the size is just not worth it.  The chile relleno was not good.  It was poblano stuffed with cheese and then an egg batter crusted on the top of it and baked.  So disappointing. Overall just an average Mexican restaurant meal.
1	I have been coming to this restaurant for 4 years, it was senior miguels and then was taken over by the casino.  Ever since the casino took over the food has continued to go down in quality.  They removed the margarita and taco special which was really good.  You used to wait to be seated....now its 50% empty.    Now they have a taco and enchilada buffet that is absoulutely horrible.  They dont even give you a plate to use!!!!   They make you use the appetizer plate on the table.  Food is cold and doughy...I mean really.  Dont bother to waste your time coming to this restaurant unless your already in the hotel, their are many better mexican restaurants all over the place.   Oh and by the way, the servers are rude and not knowledgeable about the menu, I mean just an overall bad place.
3	Endless enchiladas and Tacos on Wednesdays and Thursdays. They kind if went downhill with quality because now they do buffet (serve yourself style) versus freshly made enchiladas and tacos. They also don't do endless margaritas anymore. Buffet style enchiladas and kind of hard after 5 minutes.Nice decor and attentive staff. They were a 4 but after the change a strong 3.
4	I have been going to this place for ten years now. They did change their name and until now I haven't been back. The food is still outstanding. The price is great and service is average. Very pleased. I wish they were open 7 days a week and for lunch!
3	Come hungry. More food than you could possibly eat.   I had to pass on dessert.  Weekend special 2 for $25  Good salsa, appetizers and service.   Entree was filling but very americanized.  Will still be on the hunt for more traditional Mexican food.
1	Sourly this is a big "UGH" review.  Due to a big shopping decision earlier in the day, we ended up here (to save $$) for our 1st Anny dinner, instead of Fogo De Chao.  So the place is located inside the Suncoast Hotel and Casino.  My hubby had previously ate here alone, and wanted me to try it.  I'm a vegetarian, so I'm rather limited at Mexican restaurants, but I browsed their menu and chose the cheese quesadillas app and "sizzling" veggie fajita.  Hubby got some mexican platter.  All of our food was below average for the price you pay.  ALL OF IT.  But I could get over that, because I'm used to average mexican food.  So what made this place 1 star?  SERVICE.  Horrendous service.  Our male server, could not give a damn about helping us.  He was absent, slow, and non-friendly.  And we went at 5pm, and the place was only 1/2 full.  He disappeared for long stretches, even when I paid and so we had to wait for the receipt.   We spent over an hour inside, just because of the slow service.  We wanted out, and couldn't because our bill was held hostage!  We'll never be back.  My sizzling fajita was barely edible, UGH.  This place is SUPER UGH.
4	Friendly service & it just works for us :)We've been coming here for years and we always order the exact same dishes! This is very unusual for me but it just works for us as we always share. We start with the chicken flautas which are always on point with some guacamole on the side & sour cream. We then move into the steak fajitas! We get our veggies cooked extra long & the flavors are on point. We always drizzle some extra fresh lime juice and the steak is cooked to perfection. We recently started adding the churros to our dinner because they are too good to pass up. Overall it's a very casual place and the service for the most part has been consistently good.The Suncoast is definitely geared towards seniors and I actually like that! It's quiet and we just slip in to enjoy our meal & then we're out...
