2	Probably the dirtiest Barro's I've ever seen - everything from the salad bar that looks like a Tazmanian Devil ripped through it to the dirty tables, both bussed and unbussed.  Some of the staff had attitudes and overtly displayed a sense of not wanting to be there.  Food was fair, about the same as other Barro's, but if this is how the public section of the restaurant is then I'm a bit scared of what it looks like in the kitchen.  No thanks.  Hopefully this won't be a trend for Barro's as they expand westward across the valley.
5	Love the food here. Wings are the best, my favorite are the mild boneless wings! Pizza is worth the price and always fast speedy service especially when ordering on the phone. Thin crust pizza is amazing and all of the specialty pizzas are amazing, the kona pizza is the best one!
1	This place has VERY BAD customer service !!!!! Only positive thing is the food is good. I don't understand why businesses treat their customers that way for delivery.
4	Always consistent pizza and wings.  The management is great!  One night after work I was headed home and called 10 minutes before they closed.  The manager made my order of naked well done wings and was very delightful that I gave them business.  I have ordered from this location several times and always had great food and service.  I have not dinned in only done take-out and the customer sercive again is great!  This is one of the only places that I know you can have a great meal close to closing time.
5	Good Spot. They have a big party room great for a sports team pizza party. Good Gluten Free pizza, get it as a meat lovers, minus the meat balls for a gluten free version. Their staff is pretty friendly. Good family spot.
4	Atmosphere and staff friendliness are really outstanding, in last couple visits at least.  Pizza is excellent, and incomparable value here on the slice lunch combos.  Wish they could have more slices available, as sometimes they're completely out of one or two choices.
5	Always loved lunch specials. Recently had to go to a gluten-free diet and I love pizza. A lot of places offer them, some good, some real bad. Ordered one yesterday for pick up. Asked to cook it well done. I opened it up and was amazed. Tasted it just as good as it looked.  And it's not as pricey as most. Good job guys!
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!!! I asked well done pizza & wings, it wasn't even a little done. The cheese was a sloppy, the pepperoni were literally thrown on there. The owner or manager was really rude. Horrible experience! Very disappointed because I had heard plenty of good things about barros.
5	I love the pizza here. I come here all the time with friends. The pizza is always delicious and the lunch specials are incredible when it comes to price. I have only had a couple encounters with snotty teenage workers but otherwise it has always been great.
