2	** Update 4/12/08**  The reason I moved my star rating down to 2 is because the food is ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!! And I left it at a 2 rating because the bar is actually nice for cocktails ONLY!  I took my friends there for some beers and food and thought it would be fun because they are in town from England....Since when are fish and chips that are supposed to be "beer battered" cooked with Italian bread crumbs?????  The chips where regular french fries!, not wedges.  The macaroni and cheese was also terrible!  The patio is dog friendly, so if I go back, I absolutely will never order food there!  Attention folks that live in  McDowell Mountain Ranch and DC Ranch...  We finally have a sports pub!!! Temple Bar Sports Grill opened on Friday January 18.I only had a chance to grab a quick cocktail...but the Temple Bar Sports Grill looks like and has the feel of my new favorite neighborhood pub!  Huge Patio with a soon to be installed fire pit....Here is what they had to say about themselves, and I must agree! (I have not tried the food yet):"What do you want to do tonight?" That question has finally been answered with the opening of Temple Bar Sports Grill - the newest neighborhood sports lounge in North Scottsdale that has an upscale atmosphere with a laid-back attitude.We have delicious food, friendly staff, a full bar with 12 beers on tap, 23 HDTV's, and late-night music and dancing on weekends - all with a little Irish flair.Whether the question is "Where do you want to eat for lunch?", "What's for dinner?", "Where should we meet for drinks?", or "Where should we watch the game?" - Temple Bar is the answer. Come hang out with us for lunch, dinner, or happy hour, meet friends and make new ones, or watch the big game on one of our TVs.
4	Made it over there on Thursday after work for the Grand Opening.  I must say I was impressed with the atmosphere of the place.  Clean and modern but without the overpowering attempt at being trendy that plagues most Scottsdale locales.  Just a nice relaxed bar that happens to have some of my favorite beers on tap.  That fact that these favorites of mine were being given away for free much of the night of the opening was a definite plus. Unfortunately I did not get the opportunity to try any of their food as they weren't serving anything from their menu for the opening.   Although I live a few blocks south of the Ranch I definitely see myself and friends returning to this place.  I hope it catches on and achieves its goal of becoming a great neighborhood haunt for us Nordale folks.
5	I must say Temple bar is on my list of regular hang outs in North Scottsdale.  I have seen Temple Bar open and persistently work to improve the tough process of opening a new Restaurant.   I would agree with some of the reviews to an extent.  Temple Bar has gone through a redefining process over the first couple of months of operations.  I know for a fact that they have the right person running the kitchen after going through three Chef's who were not up to the task.  Actually, I went by there Monday and they told me they expanded the menu by fifteen items.  Personally, I like the Kobe Burger, but they have some really good sandwiches and soups.  Anyway, I hope they make it.  I know the staff and they all do a really good job and really want to be a neighborhood bar.   They have love music on Thursday nights and a bean bag game called corn hole.  It is so much fun.  Also, their patio is huge and faces The McDowell Mountains.  It is mostly in the shade because of the way it is located.  I would try the place out.    Oh yeah!!!!  Over 20 HD TV's for sports!!
4	I decided to check this place out since it is close to my home.  I was not expecting much as far as the food and decided to give it a try anyway.  I asked the bartender what was good and he said everything so I decided to try the Tijuana Turky sandwich and the fried cheese.  My friend had the wings (awesome).  I was happy to say that the food was really good.  Everything I tried.  Definatelty better than expected.  Anyway, being an outgoing person I told the bartender that I had read a couple of reviews indicating the food was horrible.  They did not know about Yelp, but they did say that the first three months they were open presented a lot of challenges with the staffing and consistency of the product coming from kitchen.  Anyway, they said they have a good chef and even better leader in place for the past couple of months and there has been a noticicable improvement.  They asked me to please post again and ask for people to give them another chance because things are definately going strong.  Not to mention they do some prett good specials for North Scottsdale.Anyway, the staff was really nice to me and my friends and I think it is has a really nice vibe and the food was really good.  I will be back and luckly I don't have to give this a second chance as they exceeded my expectations.  I would suggest everyone check this place out.
4	This place had me at cheese & bacon covered tater tots.Needing to get the hell out of the office early yesterday, I joined a co-worker for happy hour at the Temple Bar.  It was my first time here, and I guarantee you that it will not be my last.  Great ambiance in the place, with a massive patio that comes complete with plenty of areas to sit, a beanbag toss game and even "outdoor" seating at the bar.  You can't beat that.  Plenty of great beers on draft, ranging from your standard macro-brews to some obscure German beers as well.What will definitely keep me coming back (other than the cute waitresses that were there) are the happy hour specials.  Half-price on pretty much every appetizer that they have, and $3 draft beers.  We inhaled a couple orders of the sliders (which were amazing) and an order of the aforementioned cheese & bacon covered tater tots.  Solid.  I was told that the wings are damn good here as well, and other options on the menu that looked stellar that I will try next time were BBQ ribs and sauteed Cajun shrimp.If you are in the Northern Scottsdale area and need to get out of the office for happy hour or swing by a place for an after-golf drink, this is the place for you.
4	I'm at Temple 2 to 4 times a week - some great people hang-out and work there, and the beers are excellent (try the Smithicks!).The kitchen has steadily improved since they opened a year ago, still has a way to go but it's a step ahead of most bar food.  The steak salad is an excellent choice, along with the queso dip and quesadillos!Lots of tv screens so you can watch football, basketball and hockey all at the same time!! wooo hoooo!!  Monday night and Thursday nights have been great for football watching!
3	I work up in North Scottsdale, and when I heard a quaint Irish type pub opened relatively close by, I was pretty happy.  While I wouldn't call it a honeymoon, the Tempe Sports Bar & Grill has definitely not lived up to my expectations.First & foremost, if you are going to have Irish shwag (and they have great Irish decorations), learn how to pour a Guinness PROPERLY!  Seriously, it should be like training 101, and while I have not been trained properly at the brewery at St. Jame's Gate, there are a few simple things I know need to happen.1) Use the proper glass!2) Pour rougly 2/3-3/4 of the beer & let it rest3) Then top it off... Don't pour me an over-flowing, sloppy beer...\4) For goodness sake, take your time. This is a craft!Beer rants aside, I've actually eaten here a few times, and the food, albeit bar food, has been their saving grace.  Their portion sizes are good, and the quality is high.  Plus, and this may seem ironic since I care so much about my beer, but they serve tater tots!  Who doesn't love tater tots!??The service here can be a bit spotty at times, but most of the servers are very friendly.Finally, they have a great TV set-up to watch all types of sports games, but if you do go, don't forget to people watch during commerical breaks.  There are some fun people who randomly come and go...This place is a good happy hour joint to grab a quick bite at or eat there before you head out golfing... There are better Irish pubs though...
5	Temple's 1-year anniversary last Wednesday was great - all the regulars plus a ton of people that come from time to time.  It was a good time, crowded but not too much so (never an issue getting a drink - and those free beers until 8 kindof snuck up on me - dangerous mid-week!).
5	I had one of the best St. Patties Days of my life here. The place was completely packed and full of fun friendly folks. Do yourself a favor and try Temple real soon (I prefer Friday, Saturday or Sunday night).
4	Love the outdoor patio!!! The food is OK, last time I went I got the hot ham and Swiss... Not easy to mess that up. They serve tater Tots here which I love so overall it was OK. This is a pretty new spot still so I would imagine they are still working things out but overall I like the bar area and the transition bar that connects the patio to the inside bar. Good atmosphere, good service, good location... Will update the next time I eat there and will try to order something a bit more adventurous. I'll definitely go back!
1	I heard that temple bar served tater tots smothered in cheese and bacon.  For this I thought it would be worth it to go to temple.  Well the first time I went there the bartender told me he had sent home the cook.  At the *restaurant* he had sent home the *cook.*  restaurant but no cook?  So we had drinks and I got a vodka cran so red that there's a crayola in the works that will have the words "temple bar vodka cran red" emblazoned on its wrapper.  One week later, we show up again to tb (appropriately the same acronym as an infectious disease) and are told that they just changed the schedule and no food is available!  Foiled again!  Well fortunately I had gotten in my order before the bad news came and I had the smothered tots. I was underwhelmed--not enough cheese, bacon that was too sweet... ftr the saying is *under*promise and *over*deliver, not the goddamn reverse, ppl. And the waitress was very confused as to how to handle a large group, with the check and what not.  Well maybe she should worry about how she'd pay her bills without customers?  Food for thought.  Save your trip.  Go to zipps or wherever, doesn't matter to me.
2	Two stars for Temple should be extreme flattery.I just want to remind everyone that as of Tuesday night, we are still in a recession. People are looking for work, companies are going out of business left and right, middle class families are living on the street. What does this mean, you ask?Well, it means if I come into your eating and drinking establishment with fifteen others, you should be excited that your damn bar is getting business and that you will walk out with some cash in your pocket.Is that what happened? NoWe got terrible service. Our waitress was really snappy and rude, complaining before we even sat down about splitting checks. She took a few orders first and then came back later to take the rest while informing us that they were no longer serving food. If she would have said that in the beginning, maybe everyone would have had a chance to order before the kitchen closed.The "smothered" tater tots were basically just sprinkled with cheese.  This was a huge disappointment because I love cheese.The only redeeming thing about this place was the fact that they had good reverse happy hour specials.Temple - if you want repeat customers, treat them a little better. Especially since you are in WAY northeast Scottsdale and people are not just going to accidentally run into you.
3	I am going to give Temple 3 stars. Why? I have enjoyed the food there and the drink specials on reverse happy hour are great. Now Richard Z didn't enjoy the smothered tots, but I assured him it was an off night. The 3 times I have had them they have been great. Cheddar and bacon, dip them in a little ranch and you have a great late night snack. The chips and salsa are always available. Be prepared as the salsa has what I would call a lasting affect on your mouth, like a day or so. $3 beers on tap, Carlsberg and Stella being a couple of the choices, always puts a smile on my face. This has become our late night after hockey place. Not sure how I feel about that just yet, but for now it will have to do.
3	Good beer selection, but $6 for a beer is a little "2006"Food is alright.  Perhaps the best dish are the chicken nachos, but they're a little spendy as well.I love the place, but I'd suggest bouncing the weekend DJ entirely because it cheapens the atmosphere into an old "San Felipe/High School Dance" feel.I'm not a fan of the UFC-crowd so I generally don't attend when they heavily market the fights.Axe the DJ, refocus on quality on the menu, easy on the beverage prices, axe the weekend DJ and leave all of the "COME WATCH THE UFC FIGHT HERE, BRING UR TATOOS AND SHOTS ORDERS!" to the dive bars, I'd be there almost seven days a week.Pete is the "glue" of that place, he needs more hours and a fat raise.
5	Been going here for a while.  Continues to get better.  There are quite a few regulars from the neighborhood and I would say that business is improving.  Maybe the economy is getting better.  Anyway, I think it is the best place I have found to watch a game outside of Chicago and the patio is second to none.
3	For a Sports Bar the food we had was excellent. Can recommend the Meat Loaf and the Beef Hot Sandwich. I also tried a very yummy Pinot Noir from Oregon, however $13.50 did seem a little high for a glass.The staff were very nice, helpful, fast and friendly. It seemed to be a good place for the regulars who were all sitting around the bar at 4pm on a Tuesday. We had not intended to stop here but had little luck finding lunch at 3pm! A random spy while driving down the road. Glad we did stop though as we enjoyed our meal. The lighting is just a tad too dark though.
5	Been going here more and more.  Food is excellent!!!  Great patio.  Keep up the good work.
1	Save yourself, DO NOT go here!See AMber W. - place is empty, you provide a service that results in tips, it's a recession, be lucky you have a job, how 'bout you be a little nicer?!?!?  Her review was almost a year ago, well they haven't changed!  This is the third time I've been here and each time it's worse!  My boyf enjoys the herb crusted burger, it's not bad.  But, to have to put up with sourpuss jerks, NOPE, not fabulous enough!!!  I had a burger, nothing to write home about...And, along with very dismal depressing servers & bartenders, it stinks like a night after a chorus of Englishmen singing rugby songs till morn were there (it stinks every time we've been there), and the wonky unstable chairs, and the not so great pricing, please find a reason why you should hurt yourself by going to this awful dwelling!This is a review from three separate spaced apart visits, one lunch, one an event, one dinner, I've earned the right to give this place negative stars, dammit, I can't...!Oh, and by the way, the tots are NOT good x 3!!!
5	I love this place!  Everytime we go I end up on the huge patio kicking some butt in bean bag toss!!  I've spent many fun nights here with  friends having drinks and sharing delicious dishes.  I highly recommend this bar to anyone looking for a comfortable, clean, fun place to hang for the night.  Did i mention there's a dance floor to get your groove on?
3	It's unfair to rate the service based on one St. Patrick's Day visit, so I won't tell you about how our waitress forgot to bring me water and took 15 minutes to fetch a draught.That said, the fries were good and my sister-in-law said the sliders were good too (as served with au jus?).Also, I think the tanktop-clad, eye contact-avoiding DJ from last night is from Jersey Shore. Could be wrong.
5	Temple Bar is AWESOME!   When you say SPORTS - Temple is the place to be.  There are more TVs than I have ever seen at a sports bar.  You will have a clear view in any location inside or out.  Speaking of in and out....  The inside is spectacular and the outside is spacious.  How upscale.  The seats inside and out are so comfy for sitting long term for games or for relaxing on a weekend.  The food is great!  I love the chips and salsa.  Bucho's Mucho Salsa is AWESOME!!!!  The chicken nachos and the smothered tots are also some of my favorites.  Actually it seems everything on the menu is great as I often go with a group of friends and we split/tasted many items.  They have a great wine selection and tasty beverages too!  Overall 5 thumbs up!
4	Temple Bar! I have had many late night adventures here, some good, some bad, but i can tell u the bartenders r cool as fuck!! and fuck is pretty cool.lol Pete, Jason, and Ashley r all very nice and hook up the drinks perfectly! the only reason y i give it 4 stars is because when there's no happy hour everything is too pricey and i have also gotten in a lot of trouble after leaving this place. I will say though i have been 86'd out of this place about 9 times and they always welcome me back with funny stories reminding me of how much of a dumb ass this Lil schmuck can be! The UFC fights r always free, which is very hard to find in Scottsdale. The place is never consistent with customers, one day it will look like a fucking Raging club the next night it will look like, the outside of chuckee cheese( 6 pedophiles hiding in the shadows). I do like that they have bags there or poop chute or butt darts and beef swords or whatever u call throwing a bean bag, its a good game to play with a few drinks, reason i say few is because last time i had too many and played, i threw a fucking bean bag at someones table and spilled all there drinks(DUMBASS) all and all it is a pretty chill place to go when they have happy hour but don't expect too much, unless you live by the place
5	Probably one of my favorite patio's for a bar in the valley. Sitting outside at sunset, looking at the McDowell Mtns is a great reminder of  why we live in Arizona.  The food here is really good.  I especially like the Shepherd's Pie. They have a great selection of booze. Nice single malt line-up and Boddington's and Smithwick's on Tap.  They have two sets of Corn-Hole Toss games on the patio.  Really, really fun to play. Watch out for the occasional hustler looking to drink for free off of your lack of corn-hole toss skills.  Soon they are suppose to have a shuttle service to give you a ride home. Once that is in place it will seal the deal as one of my top 3 bars in the valley.
4	As far as sports bars go, this might be my favorite. Fantastic atmosphere, more than enough high-quality screens. Truly not a bad seat in the house. Added benefit is the phenomenal patio -- one of the best bar patios in town for sure. I've been there twice in the past week to watch Suns playoff games. Food is very good for bar food. First night was just 5-6 shared appetizers (wings, potato skins, chicken quesadilla, etc. - you know the stuff for us health nuts). Everything was fantastic. The second night we had the prime rib, mashed potatoes and asparagus dinner. Only $12 and it was great. After we had the skillet cookie which was one of the best things I've ever tasted -- I will get that every time I go no matter what. ;-) The only drawback was the wait staff. Was hard to get a drink a few times. Other than that, fantastic experience and we will be back regularly.
2	My wife and I went on a Sat. at 1pm, only 3 tables going and I can see why! $11 for a burger, $8 is the opening price for wine "OUCH"You can go down T. Peak Pky and find the real deal at ZIPP'S.Pass and spend your $$ wisely somewhere else!
3	We live up the road from this bar and like to stop in for a quick bite or meet friends for drinks. The staff is pretty great with the exception of a ditz now and then, the food is pretty good and the view is perfection. Nothing beats looking at the McDowell Mountains and sipping a cold beer or enjoying a glass of wine. The only thing I HATE about this place is they NEVER clean the patio. It's always dirty, stained/dirty cushions and cigarette butts everywhere!!! They really need to work on this as the patio is best part of this place.
2	If you want a draft beer with a fantastic view, you cannot get a better spot than the Temple Bar.  They have a wonderful selection of draft beer and it is at the foothills of the McDowells with an unobstructed view.  The reason I rated it as two stars is due to upkeep and food quality.  When the Temple Bar opened, we regularly visited this establishment since it is a neighborhood bar.  Over the past few years, the outside patio furniture has deteriorated to the point where it is almost unusable.  In addition, the tables and chairs always seem dirty when we show up.  I have rarely had a time where a wait person proactively wipe it off.  In addition, when reading the menu, the food sounds good but in the end I am always disappointed.  Again, a great place for a beer and the view but we find ourselves not going there often due to the cleanliness and low food quality.
5	I visited Temple Bar for the first time this past Monday night.  Surprisingly, it had a beautiful patio with beautiful views of the mountain and plenty of seating inside and out.  I was greeted by a friendly bartender that I later learned is Ashley.  She was helpful and quickly grabbed the Blue Moon I was craving.  Later on, a handsome little chap going by Josh happily refilled my drink and served me up some delicious wings.  I was lucky enough to sit next to a kind gentlmen who goes by Dick who quickly educated me in the coaching issues between the NY Jets and Baltimore.  An avid football watcher he was and in that place, there is no bad seats.  Overall, I definitely enjoyed the experience and will be back!
5	Best place in Scottsdale to watch a game and they have bags on the patio.  I love the Spicy Hangover, whether you are hung over or not it does the trick, and the best thing about it is you can get it with Tater Tots!!!!!! Great food, Great Service, and of course cold beer.  The only thing the place needs is more Bronco memorabilia on the walls.
4	I've been going to Temple for about a year now. My boyfriend and I frequent this place about once a week for after work drinks and grub. If you're a smoker and patio aficionado this place is for you. The patio is large with plenty of seating and even has bags. There are TVs on the patio but you're better off going inside to watch the game since there's a bazillion TVs inside. In the summer they have misters which don't really do much, but they're nice for a quick cool off. In the cooler months they turn on the fire pit. The patio seems to be in some kind of transition right now. Last week there were new round picnic tables intermixed with the old furniture - not pretty but hopefully its temporary. There's a wide range in the types of people you'll see here - families with kids seated next to Affliction bro types is not unusual. Really, everyone is welcome. They have a moderate crowd on weekdays and a somewhat larger crowd on the weekends. The only times I've seen it busting was on St. Patrick's Day and for UFC fights.They have good selection of beer and wine (pretty pricey) and can mix up all kinds of cocktails. Happy hour specials are great. When you order shots, be sure to specify if you want it chilled or room temp because they will come chilled. (I like my whiskey warm) Unfortunately, despite specifying I've gotten my shots chilled. Which brings me to service...The service is spotty, hence the 4 stars. Some nights our drink orders are taken as soon as we sit down, other nights we have to flag someone down. But once you get the server's attention they will continually check up on you and are prompt with the bill. (I HATE sitting around waiting for the bill when I'm ready to leave) With the exception of the shots, they always get your order right.I've tried a lot of their menu and everything has been good, some things are better than others but I've never had anything inedible.I particularly enjoy the Buffalo Chicken Wrap and French Dip. Their portions are generous (great for splitting!) and they serve tots! Tots people! Crunchy, baby hashbrown, potato goodness! I'm surprised at the negative reviews since I've always had a pretty good experience there. It's not the be-all, end-all of sports bars but it does the job and get's it done well.
5	I'm proud to say this is now my favorite neighborhood bar. It is an upscale sports bar with an Irish theme and a huge outdoor patio. I love the shuttle that picks me up and gets me home responsibly.  The atmosphere here is very casual and you are always made to feel welcome. Last night (Sunday) they offered $3 you-call-it drinks all night (seriously, $3 for premium cocktails!) This is now THE place in north Scottsdale to watch a game and "toss some bags".FYI - Food snobs WILL NOT like this place. They offer reasonably priced good quality bar food - not fancy ass romantic dinners. And as I have mentioned here on Yelp before, save the one-star reviews for Denny's, Jack in the Box, and the iHop in Afghanistan you snotty "my check was 5-min late" drama queens!FREE SHUTTLE RIDES WITHIN A 5-MILE RADIUS!!!
4	In today's day and age, with the popularity of sites like Yelp, you have to feel bad for the sports bar proprietor.  They all seem to follow a standard formula yet at the same time there are so many ways to potentially upset your customers.  "The game I want to watch isn't on"...."the sound of the game I want to hear isn't on"...."the big TV is showing the wrong game".... "the volume of the game is too loud"... "why are you playing music when MY team is playing on TV?" I could go on and on. And then you have the food. Charge more than $8 for a quesadilla and you are waaaay over priced. Charge less than $8 and put the food in a plastic basket and your establishment is "trashy" or "cheap". You also have all those weekly specials and happy hour deals. More variables that can piss someone off.  Bottom line - for a sports bar, let me repeat that..., for a SPORTS BAR Temple Bar does a pretty good job. 4 stars. The game I wanted to watch was on several of their HD flat screen TV's. One of those TV's was close enough for me to follow the action. The sound was a bit loud but I could still hear my friends talk. The menu featured several decent $5 apps for happy hour. The food was greasy, most likely from pre-packaged frozen supplies and I don't feel very healthy anymore, but it was no worse than any other fried food I have had at a run of the mill sports bar.  Most important of all, my friends and I shared some laughs, had a good time, and I'm definitely full. Oh - and the bathrooms were clean. Another plus.
4	I originally wrote a review in August, 2010 where I suggested a number of improvements to this business.  I was impressed that management wrote me a message and addressed my concerns.  Since then we have been back to Temple Bar and would provide a higher rating.  They have improved the patio furniture, cleanliness outside, food quality, and service.  We visited Friday night and were very happy with the experience.  And, I am always a fan of the huge selection of draught beer.  It is nice to have a neighborhood restaurant that we will be happy to revisit.
4	My 2 major factors when looking for a great sports bar (for NFL Sundays specifically) are good TV set up and good food. This place delivered both. I was able to watch every game that was on from my seat at the bar which was very convenient. I started off with a Bloody Mary and I must say, it was the best Bloody Mary that I've had to date at an AZ sports bar. I asked for extra spicy and they actually turned up the heat for reals (most bartenders don't understand extra spicy at least for my taste), yummy. Their menu has a great array of items that I will definitely be returning to try more of, everyone swears by their smothered tater tots. I tried the baked chicken tenders and they were actually very tasty. Baked instead of fried, covered in pecan and corn flakes. They tasted just as good as the real thing and were less greasy. After eating, I stepped outside to their big patio and played some bags. They have a great set up out there and a beautiful mountain backdrop. This place is worth checking out.
3	Good food, okay selection of beer, the beer selection used to be a little better previously but there are still options. Corn Hole( bean bag) on the patio.
4	The boyfriend and I went for a UFC this past weekend. No UFC cover which is always nice. Nice, large outdoor patio with good TV's (sound could've been louder). Good atmosphere with firepit and a giant Jenga game!We'll be back!
3	I live around the corner from the Temple bar... and there are not many other really close options to choose from in regard to a burger/beer joint.The Temple Bar has really decent Happy Hour specials when if comes to their appetizers. They seem to be the best deals here, as everything else (in my opinion) tends to be a little overpriced.... both for the quantity and quality. I am a big fan of the steak salad! This was really good... but at $14 for some lettuce and a piece of steak... not to sure it's worth it.The burgers are usually good. STAY AWAY FROM THE MEATLOAF! STAY AWAY FROM THE MEATLOAF!  STAY AWAY FROM THE MEATLOAF! STAY AWAY FROM THE MEATLOAF!Did I make my point clear!!? The meatloaf looked and tasted like dog food! And I felt like crap for two days after eating it.Overall... it's a good place to have a burger, have a beer and watch a game as they market themselves as a sports bar.
4	I had to come back as they did step up the look and feel of the patio. MUCH bertter and cleaner. As our local spot this place is pretty good. If the service is lacking or some dishes not so great it's tolerable as the patrons, specials and SMOTHERD TOTS are great. Almost everytime we go here we meet someone super nice and friendly. The easy going, layed back enviornment is such a nice change of pace in our N. ScottsdaleLand. But, I do have one small issue (in case managmentis reading ;) The cusions need to be replaced. It's time guys. They are REALLY flat and the wicker VERY hard on the ass-cheeks. Gracias!!!
5	I went on a Saturday night for a UFC fight and they had a ton of specials/weekend happy hour.  They had a ton of tv's inside and outside and they have a huge patio.  I ordered the burger and wings which were both delicious.  Our waitress was prompt and kept the beer flowing.You can't beat free UFC, cheap drinks, good food and good service.
4	To the locals, Temple is good, but nothing to get excited about.  For someone from a place like Danville, CA, Temple is off the charts!  I would eat at Temple 7 days/week if it were here, but it's not, so all I can do is dream about those tater tots.  Holy crap this place is GOOD!
3	Been here a few times.  The food is nothing to write home about.  This most recent visit I sat at the bar and had a couple beers and watched the NBA playoffs on TV.  It was a nice place to kick back for a little while.
4	Hit this spot on the way home and had a quick cocktail and appetizer.  We were greeted and served cocktails promptly.  My cocktail was well made and my guest's beer was very cold.We ordered a chicken quesadilla from the happy hour menu and it was delicious - spinach tortilla, thick tender chicken, fresh salsa, and generous guacamole portions on the side.  I highly recommend ordering this starter.  The ambiance was dark and inviting, and especially comfortable on a long, hot day like today.  Looking forward to returning, and very much recommend this spot!
1	I was so excited to go to this bar I just moved to the  neighborhood an there are not a lot of options an from what I had read seemed pretty cool ! Well wrong couldn't get service if my life depended on it , in fact   the bartender looked at us an turned her back like she was to good to serve us, they weren't very busy or I would understand,we were sitting at the bar might I mention !  ! Her loss an the restaurant I might not look like I have a lot of money but I am a great tipper an patron !  after not getting served a drink or any food we had to leave ...hungry an disappointed not to mention thirsty !!
2	This place is close to where I used to work, so it was on the list of places to go for lunch or staff happy hour.  For some reason, it always seriously underwhelmed me.  Very dark, like it might be hiding dirt, the food passable and the service spotty.
5	Came here one hot September day. Dogs allowed!! BIG BONUS FOR ME! I have two pitbulls and one mixed saluki breed-- and i brought 2 dogs that day.. everyone loved them..My friends and i watched the game here with our dogs, friendly staff, friendly patrons. Food looked good (i didnt eat anything) a bit pricey though..I would come back when i have more money (and i do live pretty far, 40 miles, from here)oh wellsie..
4	Great food and drinks!  Love the cheese and bacon tater tots!  Dayamn!  Pairs quite nicely with a Grape press
4	Temple-style Hot Wings are a must to try.  The burgers are very good, albeit lack a certain 'punch'/'kick' to make them 'oh wow' good.  A nice tall Guinness, sitting on the patio with a clear view to the mountains is wonderful.  Hockey seems to be the big sport at this bar, followed by college football, and pro basketball.  Occasionally we'll join a game of bean bag toss in the courtyard area.  We've returned a couple dozen times in the last year.
5	Love the Food and the Staff. This place is hands down the best place in N Scottsdale to watch UFC fights ( No Cover ) Plus they have a free shuttle that will pick you up and take you home for a safe night. I highly recommend it.
4	I lived down the street from this place for almost two years before I even heard about it. I shouldn't have admitted that to you because now my credibility when it comes to knowing the "it" places in Scottsdale just went down the tubes. FAIL. But hey, if you are reading this review you probably haven't been there yet either so just shut up and read, ok? Here is the dilly. I came here NYE. They had a $65 all you can drink special from 9p-2a that night. Nydia A. and I waited until the last minute to make plans and this seemed easy and pretty damn affordable, not to mention close to home. As a NYE venue I wasn't a big fan...but I do know a good (or even great) sports bar when I see one. What it isn't: Hoppin with booty shakin music (we had to beg the DJ to play what we deemed "dance worthy" music), filled with beautiful people, packed to the brim with a thirty minute wait to get in, pretentious, where you should go if you are a Scottsdale DB looking to get laid. What it is: A place to get good (strong) drinks for a reasonable price, convenient if you live within a five mile radius (they have a paddywagon free of charge), chill, and very conducive to the needs of sports enthusiasts. Oh and somewhere I can go without having to primp and wear six inch ankle breaking heels. (totally wish I got that memo BEFORE I dressed for NYE) The bottom line: You'll probably see me there during football season proudly sporting a Tebow jersey, yelling at the flat screens, beer in one hand and hot wing in the other.
3	Deepak Chopra teaches ways to achieve spiritual success.I teach ways to achieve an alcoholic spiritualism...of sorts.Yes, through a fairly consistent regimen of lies and drinking, you can become a more enhanced version of yourself, and there's no better place to do this than at the Temple Bar.Here are my recommendations:Don't go directly home from work. You need time to wind down. To ponder how you're going to execute that co-worker who just ratted you out  to HR for stealing lunches out of the office fridge. This is your quiet time. Time you can count on to not be bothered by anyone, including your server. Time you need to come up with a massive cover-up lie, explaining to your wife how those panties she found in your glove compartment are really yours...and how you have a 'thing' for women's undergarments... that you might need psychiatric help.And finally, time to wipe the day's smudge off of you. To get ready for the next, as you devise a scheme to suck-up to the boss with enough vacuum pressure, he'll give you that bonus you need to cover the abortion costs of your 19 year-old mistress.This means shots.Lots and lots of shots which are fairly priced during happy hour. I also recommend Hasselhoffing your way through one of their signature burgers once the shots take hold...the western is my favorite. It's gooey and messy, making it highly probable you'll slop it all over yourself, concealing that hickey you got from Miss, "No condom? No worries... I'm on the pill."The best part.When you can't walk, or talk for that matter, and it's time to head home to face the music, they have a delivery van, (The paddy wagon) to deliver you safely to your doorstep.You're safe at home now, but not safe from your wife's military line of questioning regarding the purple thong.This is when I recommend a little move I learned playing bridge...I like to call it my modified pincer move. I do this by blacking out...making another awful day (and the rude interrogation) disappear... voila!You've just put off the panty conversation one more day, you're ready to face the HR manager tomorrow with beer farts guaranteed to asphyxiate her lunch stealing accusatory ass,  and one step closer to achieving alcoholic spiritualism...of sorts.PS.Forget about the abortion. She's nineteen and probably sleeping with the entire male population of her South Phoenix apartment complex. You're welcome.
5	This place rocks... it's a Chicago bar, and they also have the cornhole game...I'm kind of a legend when it comes to that game, I won the Best Damn Bags League tourney there a while back.  Great food, good drinks and nice staff.  It also has a huge outdoor patio which is awesome when the weather is nice.
4	On most days, there's a radar cop posted-up right next to the patio here, shooting speeders on Thompson Peak Pkwy. This is another reason I like to come here.Watching exotic cars such as Lamborghini's and Ferrari's routinely racing down Thompson Peak while the cop sits there....blow dryer in hand, is somewhat entertaining. It's especially fun when the cop lights off his motorcycle seat, practically having an orgasm each time he hears their fast-approaching roar. He's kind of like a kid on Christmas morning, his excitement level off the hook. Cops are weird like that. Anyway, the draft beer is really good here, and if you sit at the bar, the service is really good too. Their grilled chicken sammy and sweet potato fries are a delight. The people in here are a mixed bag, mostly 30-40 somethings who aren't as good looking as I'd like, but then I'm just another pretty lake. The fuck do I know.If you sit on the patio to check out the cop, I hope you don't get stuck with the server who's all heroin-chic and gives off a creepy vibe.She's fun to look at, even more so to make fun of behind her back, but she really is a dizzy bitch.  I just order two at a time to cover for her long disappearances.
5	$2.50 Old Style and Bags.... What more can you ask for.
2	It is a sports bar with reasonable charges for food and drink. The food however is your typical bar food and nothing seems all too fresh. I had the turkey burger and my hubby had a chicken sandwich. Both tasted like they had come from the freezer and thrown on a grill. The tater tots tasted like they had been over fried, refried or the oil needed to be changed. I think the kitchen cuts corners which is a real shame because I like the atmosphere there.
2	This is only a review of the food.  We went if for lunch and wanted to like this place because of the location.  The ambiance for a sports bar was pretty chill and seemed clean (for a bar).Unfortunately, the food just sucks balls.  I ordered a roast beef with peppers and puked it up within an hour  It seriously must have been a weak old and I would equate it to chewing on some jerky (without the flavor).The waitress was really nice but the fact that I threw up within an hour of eating means that I won't be back.**DO NOT ORDER ANY KIND OF ROAST BEEF!!!!****
3	Good atmosphere. Decent beer selection. Good menu.
2	Meh. I've experienced better. I've been here a few times and would have to say for every time I enjoy my visit the next couple of times I don't enjoy my visit. Maybe I'm cranky because for the last 3 nights in a row I've been less than happy with my venue choices.My wife was hungry and wanted to order right away but I insisted that we get our drinks first. It's been my experience that if you order your drinks and meal at the same time, it takes forever to get your drinks. Especially since there were only two servers working during a packed house during Monday night football. Sure enough, it took some time to get our drinks, but at least our server was easy on the eyes and seemed to care about her customers.The food is sometimes good but it's normally not the greatest. I wanted to try a burger but our server said that they couldn't guarantee medium so I decided to get a Reuben. The Reuben was passable but I forgot to ask them not to put so much freaking thousand island on the sandwich. Don't get their Philly sandwich, the last time I had it, it tasted like it was expired. They at least replaced the Philly sandwich with another item.I think the best way to enjoy Temple Bar is to only drink the adult beverages while sitting out on the gorgeous patio.
1	I've been there in the past and enjoyed but after this past Saturday night, we wont be back.  Service was horrible food was ok.
1	The service was terrible and food was even worse!  We had a coupon for $10 off of our bill and when we went to use it we were told it was not valid because it was happy hour even though that was not stated on the coupon. When we complained to the manager, he was extremely rude and said that he was doing us a favor by even offering a coupon and why should he pay for the extra printing cost to state it was not valid during happy hour. Unbelievable! Needless to say, their coupons are no good but neither is their service or food.
1	Could be, quite possibly, the worst wings I've had. Wait...  Four Peaks...  They are really inconsistent, but never good.  They are either way overdone, to a point where the bone disintegrates.. or the skin is soggy and rubbery. If they are deep fried how does that happen?  I guess it's just bar food but put some love into it please!!  I live around the corner and its so convenient.  Great place to watch a game, but eat somewhere else.
4	First off, let me say that I was here with a group of friends and we were having 5 star fun that night. So even if we were in a 7-11, I'd rate it 4 stars. That said, Temple Bar is a nice, open sports bar that seems to attract the beautiful people I normally don't see in establishments of this type in my neck of the woods. For as crowded as it was that night, I think the servers did a good job. The drinks were cold and we got them relatively quickly. The icing on the cake for us was that we brought a band to party with us (thanks to Ted for arranging this!). They're a cool local band called Safety Orange (check 'em out sometime if you get a chance!). Great fun.
4	Come in expecting bar food and you'll be pleasantly surprised. Awesome fresh tater tots and chicken salad sandwich, although the Chicken noodle soup is a bit salty. $7-10 for most menu items, though the salads step up the price slightly.Tons of tv's to watch the games and they're all marked with mini pennant magnets so you know who is playing on each. Also, looks like there's a paddy wagon to transport you to and from your house as AZ has a zero tolerance for drinking and driving.M-W is reverse happy hour from 10 P.M.
5	New to the area and I really like this place.  Staff is great and the food and drink menu is pretty good as well.  I have been in a handful of times and find the regulars to be quite friendly and sociable.  Overall experience has been great.
5	Are you a beer aficionado? And by beer, I don't mean Michelob Ultra or any of those tasteless, flavorless low-calorie 'beers'.I'm talking about IPA's. Those extraordinary flavorful, aromatic brews offering double the taste, aroma and  alcohol content of mainstream beers.Well Temple Bar is for you. Here you'll find a new selection from Lagunitas, a seasonal selection named 'Lagunitas Sucks'. I had three mason jars of this fine spirited brew and got my dick knocked right into the dirt. SPOILER ALERT: It doesn't suck but it does tend to knock dicks in the dirt.Temple Bar also features some of the best wings I've ever had, but you won't find them on the menu. You'll need to ask for them by name; JT's Favorites.Apparently, there's some guy in the kitchen named JT, or maybe Justin Timberlake wandered in one day and ordered his wings grilled, then deep-fried till crispy. They were magical. I ordered them hot. Big mistake, go with medium.Aside from being a culinary artist, JT, (if that IS his real name) is also a sadomasochist, taking ghoulish delight in making sure hot truly means hot.Between the Lagunitas and JT's nuclear wings, my head exploded right on the spot. This freaked-out other pub-goers and the staff, making an otherwise peaceful evening a dreadful folly. As I lay there, my head in a million tiny pieces on the floor, I noticed my fellow patrons curiously asking the bartender what of this fatal combination?It wasn't long before heads were exploding all around me.All of us laid-out on the floor, gibbering messes, the lot of us.  Lagunitas Sucks and JT's wings.A fitting end to a fucked-up day at work.If you like hot wings, good IPA's and free popcorn or, if you don't particularly care if your head explodes, I strongly recommend Temple Bar.
1	Found this place last night on bringfido.com, I was in the area and had my dog with me so needed a place that was pet friendly. The ONLY good thing about this place was the large pet friendly patio area.We sat for a long time before even being acknowledged. In the dozen times a server walked by, not a single "be right with you"No drink refillsAfter asking for a box, she began to place other customers dirty plates on top of my boyfriends plate making a comment like "if you say you didn't like it I can take it off your bill." I had to stop her from laying dirty dishes on our food and explained that we would be taking the food home if she brought a box. I could go on and on but will sum it up like this: Terrible service, possibly worst ever.The food was so-so.Won't be back.
5	They have a great beer selection. Lagunitas seems to be a favorite of many, plus it comes in a cool mason jar glass. Bonus!I have been to "Temple" many times and never had any issues with service, outside of the occasional new server.  The staff that has been around for awhile does a great job.From a food standpoint I tend to stick to the appetizer menu as I'm often just having a beer and lite meal.  The hot pretzel is a good option, but I'm a huge fan of the basic nachos.  Think standard chips and cheese like you would get at the ball park, but a little higher quality.  If you like tater tots don't pass on them here! Excellent.The have a huge patio which is great when the weather is good, i.e not 100 plus degrees, service is sometimes slower on the patio as well.  They also have a ton of flat screen TVs that allow you to have a decent view from anywhere you sit.Highly recommended for a good beer and a decent meal.
2	ordered fish & chips and fried shrimp, both were pretty bad. fish batter was soggy, coleslaw was very bland and had no flavor and fries were burnt. i will not return.
3	Great large patio, plenty of big screens inside, great "bar" food.  Bartenders are decent though the waitresses can be a bit slow if you're at a table.  Okay prices.  Happy a hour isn't anything to brag about.  I have been here several times and they just recently changed a few of their draft beer selections.... No longer have Hoegaarden (my fav) and don't carry a hefeweizen unless you consider Blue Moon a hefeweizen which it is not...  Overall I'd give it a 3.5, but the service knocks it down to three.  My suggestion is to sit at the bar!!
4	Came for a beer to watch the cardinals game. Our waitress was really great so must be hit and miss from the other reviews. The other one there didn't look so happy so glad we got the one we did. Think her name was jenny.  She suggested a new beer called 312 and I thought it was a pretty good recommendation. Can't say what the food was like so that will be next time. I love the fact that they have so many TVs so you've got a great angle anywhere you sit.
4	When it comes to meatballs, Nancy's Grandma makes the best. But when you can't get those...Temple Bar is as close as it gets.Let's just say those delectable 3 inch spheres of yummy ness are awesome!
4	I've been here a couple of times and have always had a good experience.  The place was clean with a nice outdoor area.  I was there for football Saturday this past weekend, and the service was very good.  I would give five stars, except that the person with me didn't love their sandwich.  I liked my food though!  I will definitely visit the Tempe Bar again.
4	It's a great neighborhood pub with an enormous amount of TV's to watch your team play.
5	Tots tots tots what else can you ask for??? Oh yeah best beer selection at this local spot the staff is friendly and the food is delish overall a very satisfied customer!  Somebody beer me!
5	Temple is a great place to meet with locals and grab a beer during games. The food is reasonably priced and it's really good. The staff is friendly and not overbearing. Other then the few crazy jets fans this place is great!
1	I hate to do this as I'm always hopeful this place will pull it together but I have to admit, I've started going to the "other" neighborhood pub more and more. Reasons?*Patio ALWAYS dirty and furniture stained and falling apart. Is it that hard to keep that wonderful patio space comfortable and inviting?* They changed the menu and not in a good way.*Apparently the gym next door took over the bags game area and so that fun is no more.*Bathrooms also dirty and broken all the time and paper towel machine empty.Unfortunately it seems this place is managed very poorly and/or barely hanging on financially and cannot afford to keep things fresh and presentable. Really too bad as it was a great place for awhile.
4	Temple is great because they have a huge patio that allows dogs! It also allows smokers which is a huge bummer. :( They should enforce a 50 feet away policy or something.The food is really good and service is almost always excellent. They have great happy hour prices and a friendly staff. We always have a nice time there.
2	ho hum bar with nothing spectacular to give it an edge.  Beer selection is week at best.  Food is so so.  Only reason to go here is the neighborhood,  dont go out of your way.
4	Great atmosphere to watch any sport, cool open patio, awesome location. Food was decent had the Cajun Wings and the Coconut Chicken. Worth going to and I will be returning!!
5	Awesome food, their cheese curds are the bomb!!! Great drinks, great food at a decent price. Lots of energy, especially when there is any games being played on their t.v.sIf you want a fun local place to go to, check out Temple!
2	Food was decent. My tip for temple bar would be to limit the UFC fights during football games. ASU was about to start and they turned on a couple of TVs. I had to request this at a "local" sports bar. No one wants to hear UFC and not hear anything else. You've lost our business. Take notes from Zipps
4	Yay, Temple now bans smoking on the outside patio!! Whoo hoo!! We definitely enjoy coming here much more so now that they've changed this policy! Great work guys! And thank you!!Food is always good and staff is friendly and helpful.
1	We were looking for a small place close to home to watch the UFC 182 fights.  Their website said they have the fights.  Went there to watch UFC and when we arrive there's a note on the door that due to lack of interest and cost they will not be showing the UFC fight.  Maybe they should be updating their website more often.  Didn't even stay to try the food.
