4	If you don't like it, we'll have to kill you. That's how authentically "Detroit" this place is. If you're from - or spent any time in - Southeast Michigan, you realize that while the auto biz is slowing down, "Coney Island" restaurants are going strong. A Detroit "Coney Island" is a truly unique 'dog: First, you start with a true frankfurter grilled on a griddle,, made with a real skin. This gives the dog a nice gentle snap and makes sure it's hot. Then you put it in a gently steamed bun, and coat it with a very local style of chili (it comes in huge cans, made in Detroit!) with meat, but no beans. Then on top go chopped onions and two long squirts of yellow mustard. True aficionados add dried red peppers and a dash of salt.  This is merely the beginning: You then add either a Miller Draft (in a glass), or, to be perfect, a Vernor's Ginger Ale ("Aged in Wood"!) with ice.  The hundreds of "Coney Island" joints all over southern Michigan attest: This is comfort food for the Motor City crowd, but anyone who tries it loves it, too.  Want to see eyes light up on a Detroiter: Just say, "Lafayette Coney Island."  That's the flagship. No,  the American  next door is NOT just as good. Sorry. The Henderson "Detroit Motor City Coney Island" is an outpost of this delight. It's nearly perfect: It has even more Detroit memorbilia (sports, espeically) than the Lafayette, and while it doesn't have the cast of federal judges, cops, homeless, senior executives and the occasional hooker that the Lafayette has. But has the same kind of tables, tackiness, and, even better, the thousands of crayon grafitti on the walls that grateful customers have scribbled. It has chili fries (they are different, trust me. These have no pretense of being healthy. They are that good) and it has Sanders Hot Fudge Sundaes (the ultimate). No Millers, but YES! Vernors!  And downtown Henderson does a reasonable imitation of some of Detroit in better days, including the small casino and some empty storefronts. And a biker bar next door. You want authentic? You wanna make something outta that? It gets better: The taste? Ahhh! The meat, the chili, the onions, the mustard. Al Kaline. Detroit Lions. Hockey Town. Bob-Lo.  All of it, except the sounds of bullets whizzing. Almost Detroit.  A date meal for ten bucks. Both of you. Yeah, that's Detroit.
5	Man this little hole in the wall has some good hot dogs and there chili is the best.Oh get the cheese fry there goood.
3	If you're from Detroit, the star ratings don't matter because you will just be happy to find a place that caters to your home town liking.The owner is a very pleasant, friendly guy who moved to Vegas from the Motor City. He gets all his stuff from Detroit right down to the ginger ale and soda pops.I must be fair and tell you I don't chili on my hot dog, hamburgers, or fires, so this is not the place for me. The hamburger and hot dog is nothing special. It tastes like food you get at the baseball game. But with that said, if you want to feed your coney craving--this is the best place to get it.
4	I come here every time I'm in the area. It makes me feel like I'm back home in the big D!The hotdogs are great and I love that they sell Faygo. If you never had a Rock & Rye..get there ASAP!! Its delish!!I think Russ B said it all so I will leave it at that.I love Detroit Motor City Coney!!
4	This place is great !I get the chili cheese fries and  have a Sanders hot fudge sundae for dessert. Sanders Milk chocolate  is the best. Its a nice mom and pop place and the Detroit atmosphere is prevalent all over the place.
4	I meant to write this review months ago. I met up with some Dawn C and some of her family  for the Henderson St Patrick's Day parade on Water Street this past March and after the floats were done passing by we decided to stop here for lunch. I have never been to Detroit, I don't know what makes food "Detroit" style. But I do know that the chili cheese friends I had were gooey, messy and ever so tasty. Faygo Cream Soda is damn tasty as well and this is one of only 2 places in Vegas I can find it.
3	The food was solid, but nothing spectacular.  Small place.  Very friendly staff.  Good Coney dogs.  Bonus points for only carrying sodas from Detroit.
5	This little spot is the best thing to happen to Henderson in a long time.  Located on Water Street along the parade route, this place says Detroit from start to finish.  If you've ever had a Detroit Coney Island hot dog you know this is one unique dish, and coupled with the Detroit Coney Burger it makes one hell of a meal.  The unusual chili sauce that tops both the loose meat burger and the hot dog, along with yellow mustard and onions makes them stand out among all other hot dogs and burgers. When I left Michigan several years ago I thought I'd never see another Detroit Coney Dog and then.......thank you God!!!If you miss Detroit, stop by and grab a Vernor's Ginger Ale, or Faygo Rock and Rye, another one of the things I  miss about the Motor City.  I posted a photo of my latest venture to Detroit Motor City Coney Dogs.
4	I stopped here for lunch yesterday and was pleasantly surprised.  The Coney Island dog, cheese fries and Faygo soda were excellent.  The staff was very helpful and friendly as well.  I will be back for some of these tasty vittles.
5	Real coneys!  I felt like I were in Downtown Detroit eating there. They sell Vernors( the original ginger ale ) and Faygo Pop in all flavors. They also have Better Made Potato Chips.
1	I heard about this place on the radio. I was so eager to go because I'm from Michigan so Kogel's hot dog, Faygo and Coney sauce is right up my alley?  Well it's a nice place, friendly service however the Coney sauce is not like we do in Flint! Authenic Kogel's and Faygo though...but Michigan has not fully found it's way to Las Vegas!!!!
3	Loved the chilli fries and coney dog but i really had a taste for a Detroit coney island gyro. And my daughter wanted the coney island chicken wings. But they didnt have it. I loved the faygo pop even tho its expensive compared to Detroit prices. I miss the real coney island!
4	It's been awhile since I've had a really good hot dog. Thank goodness Detroit Motor City delivered! I hit this joint up this afternoon with my friend for a little pre-movie meal. I have never been to Detroit, but eating here made me want to check it out.I ended up getting the Detroit style hot dog, minus the spicy cheese. And I also got their absolutely freaking fantastic onion rings. Every single onion ring was perfectly battered and fried. Each and every time I bit into my onion ring it came away perfectly (Ie: the onion did not pull out or away from itself), that is the sign of a GOOD onion ring. The dog was tasty too, it had a snap and even though I was a bit skeptical, all the ingredients on it made it really good. I was even tempted to ask for extra jalapenos, but I resisted. ;)Oh, you gotta make sure to get the root beer! When I find myself in Henderson again I know where I'm going.....
1	If it was a year ago I would have given them 5 stars.If I could give them zero stars I would. Well on second thought, 1 star for the memory of what they used to be. They used to be AWESOME.What the heck happened? Mind you, it's been awhile now. Maybe I was there the end of last year 2010. There is a reason I haven't been back since then. We didn't want a repeat of the horrible time we had there. I was actually a big fan. Dropping 30 bucks a pop every time I went in. Taking my son there after school. Pretty regular to the point of actually caring enough to sign their wall.I had been raving about this place for months to my father in law so I took everyone out to eat there. I was a regular as was my son. We always get certain things. The combo I think it's called with the loose meat on the hot dog.Well I think ownership has changed and service is the dumps. It was so bad none of us have been back for a year now. If ownership hasn't changed then they had two new people trying to work the counter.There were a couple of people in front of us. So I knew it would be a bit of a wait. We stood in line for 45 minutes an the line never moved. Nope...not one person. I don't know what happened behind the counter because none of us got an explaination! I kept telling my father in law..."it's just a bad day but hang in there because the food is awesome, I promise!" It got to be an hour and we moved up one spot in the line when I heard the people say to those in front of us....Sorry we're out of loose meat.What???? Can you AT LEAST tell the entire line of people who have been standing there for that long that you don't have what you're KNOWN FOR????? It would have saved us a whole lot of headache. We left to eat someplace else. We had not eaten all morning on purpose so we would be ravenous so we could feast on loose meat burgers and combos.Now when we hear anyone mention this place we roll our eyes and say...."rememeber the time we..."It could have ended so much better if the staff had any talent for customer service. It's pretty understandable to anyone if you're standing in a no moving line for an hour and find out what you're there for is not available you're going to be pretty @#$ pissed when  no one bothers to mention half the menu is unavailable(there was something else they were out of but cannot remember what it was). Yeah. Probably pissed enough to not go back for a while. Yup.I may go back in a few months to see how they are doing, but honestly I'm having a good time stuffing my face around the corner at that chicago hot dog stand called "Hotdog Heaven". It's pretty awesome.I'm totally willing to go back someday but it still leaves a bad taste in my mouth so it will be a bit longer. I'm just having a much better experience at other places right now.=================================Geez, what's with my reviews lately. Everything has been less than 3 stars! Is it a sign of the times? Location? Or the luck of thedraw? lol Well I'm determined to write a good one coming up soon as I'll be staying at the Golden Nugget soon on a staycation this summer! Yay! High hopes.
5	Food and service is amazing!! Best hot dogs in town! the chili is very good, and different then your traditional chili dog. the environment is very unique with peoples signatures and sports memorabilia all over the walls. real food from real people. its nice to have down to earth, relaxed restaurant.
4	I ordered there signature Coney Island I had 2 they were very good "finger licking good" if I can use that phrase. The staff was real friendly being I am from Michigan we had allot in common, the Detroit coney is more like a chili dog with onions and mustard, the out state Michigan coney is a hot dog with loose meat onions and mustard on it, generally from the Greek diners in Michigan. If you crave the loose meat type have the Detroit coney half chili and half loose meat. I did not have the fries or onion rings but they looked great. I plan on returning may times
1	I can never understand why this place closes at 6:00 when there's a great dive bar right next door.  These people obviously aren't really from Detroit if they don't understand that prime time for coneys and chili fries is after you've pounded shots and slugged PBR's for hours after listening to far too loud music in a smokey joint like the Goldmine Tavern.  (For Motowners, think Lili's, Finney's, or The New Way in Ferndale)These guys weren't even open late during the Henderson Super Run car show. There were hundreds of people in the street.  What a tremendous opportunity missed!  I'd love to review this place for realz, but they're never open.  :(
5	Tastes JUST like "Home". Born and raised in "Metro Detroit", Bloomfield Hills/Royal Oak, Michigan that is... I know all about Kerby's, National, Lafayette... We just moved to Vegas and we were exploring and just happen to come across this place. I couldn't believe my eyes! The dogs are from Dearborn and the chili is from National, both shipped in... oh so is the Sanders hot fudge and FAYGO! Oh how I missed all of it. The place is full of Detroit teams, Lions/Pistons/Tigers/Red Wings/UofM/MSU. Also has signatures and names from people who have visited the place. If you want a taste of Home (michigan) definitely make a visit, just a short cab ride from the Strip! Oh and to cranky pants Barb M. and the other person complaining about the service or time for food. Try owning a place that serves a SMALL menu and that place being in an old part of town. The food is just the way it should be and the service has been great every time I've been in.
4	Stopped he with my kiddo after the parade. Its becoming a tradition for us.We order up some Detroit style coneys and some cheesy fries.The fries had a bit to much cheese on them for me but my kiddo was sure happy.He had his first ever Faygo rock & rye..bought a few to take home for his dad.This is always a fun place to stop when your in downtown Hendo.
5	First off let me say that I've never been to Detroit  but eating here makes me feel like im still in the club.  I'm a regular that eats here once or twice a week but just started yelping.I can't get enough of the combo dogs.  Patty, Manny and Haley are always friendly, definitely recommended.
4	Finally...Finally I found a place that has hot dogs the way I like them. How I came to find out about this place? An article on Epicurious! They mentioned a guy from Detroit sold hot dogs from Michigan in Las Vegas which led to a link to Yelp. Ambiance/ServiceNo doubt when you step inside here it's all about Detroit.  Every nook and cranny oozes  sports and car related memorabilia all things Michigan.  The diner is pretty casual, clean, right on Water St. You place your order at the counter and your server will bring your food and drink to your table. Service has always been friendly and efficient. FoodMy order was served in a perfectly steamed hot dog bun (meaning not soggy!)  with beanless chili sauce, shredded cheese is melted over and  topped with diced onions and squiggled with mustard.  (sometimes I opt out on M&O)  The hot dogs had a natural casing, firm texture and had that snap when I bit into it.  The seasonings used in the beef hot dog  gave it a nice flavor. Beanless chili used also has a nice blend of seasonings in it. So had to order chili cheese fries.  I had the Vernors Ginger Ale..almost like a cream soda with ginger ale. It goes well with Coney dogs.If there was ever such a thing as a rivalry over Detroit vs Chicago style dogs, I would probably pick Coney over Chicago ones!  The wiener dogs served up here are a winner!
4	Deeeeeeeeeeetroit Coney Dogs!!!Rumor is these guys get there chili imported from Lafayette (Best Coney Dogs on the Planet) in Detroit...if not, tastes just like it! Coneys were great, Chili Fries were great & of course the Faygo/Vernors/Boston Coolers were great! For those of you who dont know, Detroit doesnt make ginger ale they make VERNORS Ginger Soda...combine this w/ a scoop of vanilla ice cream and you got yourself a Boston Cooler (Best Float EVER!).  Loved all the Detroit & MI memorabilia, service & hospitality was great...I will visit here every time I'm in Las Vegas!
3	This restaurant is covered from wall to wall to ceiling with Detroit memorabilia.  A single person was working on Saturday afternoon and we were her only customer.  We each decided on Coney Island style - a natural casing hot dog served on a steamed bun  topped with all-meat chili, onions, and yellow mustard.  There was a good crunch to the hot dog and chili was excellent.  We also shared a Faygo, "The Original Party Pop", diet root beer that was also very good.
4	Love it.....way better then american coney and far more personable...plus they have faygo!!!!
5	They're moving! Closer to UNLV down in that area. Should be open around 1 March I hear.
5	Apparently they never re-opened... very sad
