3	When I first came to Montreal back in 2006, I loved coming to this tea lounge located on the second floor, overlooking one of the most beautiful streets in Montreal.  I savored their Taiwanese beef noodle soup, delicious teas, and view.  However, after coming back recently the vibe is not the same.  The place is now run by one person, an older woman, who is not in the mood to deal with customers.  During this year, our first visit, we came in and were completely ignored.  Then, I came back the next day and did receive some service.  What I go through just to get some Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup is beyond me.  The teas were not as good that they used to be, and the overall feeling of the place is no longer young and hip.  Before there used to be young customers, young servers, and music videos playing.  Now it is like a tomb.
1	The "everyone in the group must order at least one drink" rule is ridiculous. I was with a group of 4 friends just finished dinner and 2 of us wanted bubble tea so we went in and sat down. Me and someone ordered bubble tea. 2 of my friends asked if they can have hot water. The waitress downright said "NO"and then proceeded to give us attitude the whole time... we then decided to just get our drinks to go, we paid and that waitress slammed our money down in the back counter and walked away while we were still sitting in our seat a considerable amount of distance away. The actual bubble tea was not bad (wouldn't be surprised if they had spat in it)... but either way, because of the deliberate rudeness of the staff I would skip this place.
5	This place is fantastic for hanging out, drinking bubble tea, and playing board games/puzzles for hours on end.  Great location in Chinatown as well as one near Concordia University. Pink Lemon-aide is out of this world delicious. Lots of choice in drinks and bubbles/jellies.
2	I took a lychee bubble tea to go.  It was $3.50 and it was fine.  I think you can get the same thing at Harmonie bakery a few doors over for $3.00, don't know about the size difference.The place seemed a bit grungy and run down.  There were some well-used looking board games (chess and some others).  Generally, looked like an ok place for teenagers to hang out, have some bubble tea and play games.  I wouldn't recommend it for anything else.There was a food menu but I didn't try it this time.
1	I went to this place yesterday, so March 24th 2013.DRINKS: I got the durian milk with lychee jelly which was good. I was there with 3 other girls and we did all enjoy our drinks. Word of advice, opt for the "large" drink unless you really arent thirsty at all. The small was tiny, half ice, and there was barely any jelly. The large only costs $1 more for most of the drinks anyways. Cash only!ENVIRONMENT:It was pretty busy there, we went at 6PM on a Saturday and about half of the tables were filled. There were your normal ables and chairs, it was cold by the door but that's because it's Montreal.SERVICE:This is where things really go downhill. I would never go back here again just because of the service. There was one waitress for the entire restaurant/lounge. There were at least 10 tables seated. She just wasnt very hospitable at all nor helpful when we asked about drink sizes. When we went up to pay, things got really bad. We were a group of 4 people. All lined up to pay. She allowed one of us to pay and then she proceeded to walk away from us and serve some tables while we were waiting there. When she decided to come back she let the other 3 of us pay, but she gave the wrong amount of change back to us. She gave back $9 when she was suppose to give back $11. When we mentioned this to her, she just walked away and served some more tables, and then came back and gave us $11. She then looked at us and had the nerve to say tap her tip tray and say, "these prices don't include tip." She said that twice to us very rudely. And this was after she just walked away from us twice while we were paying. I was astounded by how rude she could be.
