5	Excellent service & food. I've eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants and this place is definitely top notch. The food is authentic and delicious. A little on the high end, but not too bad. Definitely recommend!
4	This was my very first experience of Indian cuisine and afterward I was hooked. This is a pretty small restaurant tucked away on a side street behind Conestoga Mall, so you can very easily pass by without knowing its there. It doesn't look like anything fancy, but what an experience this place was!I don't think I quite realized how spicy Indian food can get, but this experience certainly taught me well! What I really liked about this place is how they offer a buffet. While buffets can be very hit and miss, this one was a hit! As my first experience eating Indian food I very much appreciated being able to see what I was eating before I ate it. I left this place very excited about my experience and eager to tell my friends and family about it! It was not too long after that I was back with some family and friends for a birthday celebration. There were about 10 of us in our group that they were able to accommodate, though we made sure to get a reservation because of the small scale size of the restaurant. Another stand-out dining experience. I look forward to going back to Waterloo and returning to this place for another delicious meal!
5	Very very good food,  always! Have been coming here for about 10 years. The price is always right. Simple and delicious. Courteous service, will always go back.
2	I'm not picky and I love Indian food, but this place was just very "meh" and not as good as I was expecting. It wasn't terrible, but I left feeling that I could have cooked something tastier at home.Our waiter was very nice and pleasant, but I feel that he was overwhelmed serving the full restaurant (it's not huge, but still) by himself. We had to get his attention for water a few times, and it took literally 20 minutes to even get water in the first place. We were only one of 2 other tables of people, so we were not really impressed at the time.We ordered the onion bajias to start, which were the best part of our meal, and we felt optimistic. I would absolutely recommend this dish if you do decide to visit. Unfortunately, things went downhill from there. We ordered the butter chicken, and the portion was so very small. For nearly $14 you would think it would at least come with some naan or rice, but those cost extra, so we ordered some on the side. We were pretty disappointed with that. If we hadn't ordered the bajias, we definitely would have left hungry with the serving of butter chicken we ended up with. It was not very good.Overall our experience really wasn't "bad", but it also wasn't good. We ended up paying $40 after tip. This meal was not worth $40, as neither the food nor service were even slightly above average overall.
5	When I came back from living in England, one of the things I missed the most was the local Bangladeshi-Indian takeaway shop.  Nothing in Toronto could compare, and I forever turned away from the mediocre curry buffets that served large vats of sauce with no character or distinction. Art of good Indian food? It has to take the chef a long time to cook your meal because each order is individually prepared from scratch with real ingredients. I KNEW Classic Indian was going to be different the moment I saw "Onion Bhaji" on the menu.......if they knew what an onion bhaji was...I was already willing to believe their curries would be good before even tasting them! In the past I've tried their mild to spicy curry dishes from chicken to lamb to vegetarian. It tastes near-exact to the takeaway Indian I've had in England and really put me in a nostalgic place.Onion bhajis are deepfried but light, without horrific pockets of grease in the batter which is my worst fear. Samosa appetizers are good too, but I've never been a samosa fan anyway so I don't have anything too exciting to say.  Though this restaurant also has a buffet at lunch hour, I've only visited during dinner time for dine-in and takeaway.
4	Has a great selection of foods for buffet that can cater to vegetarians and non-veg alike including standard dishes like paneer, naan and channa but also had unique dishes like indian-chinese, lamb and beef.
1	Slimy and generic. I'm pretty sure that the sauces come from cans, with chunks of meat dropped in after "cooking". It's hard to describe how bad it was (We've had much better food court Indian food). Are the good reviews posted by their friends? Totally mystifying. If anyone knows of real Indian food in KW (eg actually cooked on-sight), please share! Seriously, avoid.
