2	Creation has asian-indian-thai inspired dishes - think noodles and curry.  I think that they have a sushi night as well, but I haven't been over to try it?  Why, you ask?  Ummm... bad too-cool-for-school service.  We walked in the back door (which is right off the parking lot and is probably where most people enter) and stood around for a few awkward minutes while some dude who worked there (who we later realized was the OWNER) stared us down.  We even waved to him to see if he would give us an indication of where we should go to be seated - he actually just LOOKED AWAY from us and no one helped us!  What a great manager!  It is no wonder this place is always almost completely empty.  Surprisingly, we still sat down for dinner.  It is so uncomfortable in there - the chairs are folding chairs that I guess are made of bamboo or something, and when you shift forward they fold up on you!!  Unreal!!  I just can't believe this place hasn't shut down yet.  The dishes are decent though - since it is in my hood I will probably go back when I feel like eating some curry and getting treated like crap.
3	This is decent, if Americanized noodle cuisine.  Lot of sugar in everything.  Cool bar and unfinished concrete urban decor.  Nice to drop by if in the neighborhood, but real Asian food is just right down central without any pretense of fusion.  Also, fusion.
3	With its exposed rafters and minimalist design, the decor intrigued me at first. I really like Creation's meat dishes, particularly the chicken satay and Bangkok beef. It's a nice place to meet a friend for dinner and a glass of wine.They do takeout orders, but it often feels like too much work. Many nights, there is a crowd of regulars at the bar there. When you walk in to get your takeout and head to the bar in hopes of finding someone who can help you, the regulars just look at you like you're in the wrong place. I'm pretty much always pleased with the food, but it shouldn't be a daunting task to pick up an order on a Tuesday night.
4	Creation is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. There are lots of things that are great, from the decor to the prices to the service...it's one of the places I come back to again and again, and I like to bring friends who are visiting from out of town here.My favorite thing on the menu is the cabbage wraps with tofu. It's too much, which means I can bring some home. The half-price bottles of wine on Sundays are (obviously) an awesome asset as well. It's a minimalist, warehouse kind of feeling inside. I love the big windows, the clean spaces, and the muted colors. The bar is nice as well, and it makes for a great escape from the Penguin's weekend frenzy if you want to be able to breathe and hear the folks you are with talking.
