1	This quiznos is not good to go to. They are rude and the sandwich sucked...DO NOT GO HERE!
1	I was greeted warmly. The menu items were explained well and I was even offered a sample when I couldn't decide what salad dressing to get.  The salads that were being prepared looked pretty delicious! Time to pay...Before ringing me up, I informed the cashier that I had a Groupon to use. She said I had to have a voucher printed out. Then, she showed me a handwritten post it next to the employee phone that stated coupons must be originals, not from an email or phone. She told me it must say that on my Groupon... So I showed her. She said to me, "See! You need to follow the directions and it says 1. Print Groupon." I kindly showed her the following statement which says, "(or pull it up with our mobile app)."  She said, "I don't know how to do that. It probably is for a Phoenix location. THIS is not Phoenix." Duh, I knew where I was... exactly where the Groupon directions led me! LOL. Anyhow, we went back and forth for a bit and she rang me up. I told her I wasn't going to get anything and she was livid... She called me rude for ordering and walking away. That's not exactly how I see it happening. She told me that she has never heard of a company giving a discount without proof of a voucher, that it would be like giving something away. Huh... sigh. So basically my review is about customer service and not the food as I didn't get a chance to try it. Generally, Quiznos is pretty tasty too. :-(
5	Best Quiznos ever! Chris and Christine are the 2 nicest managers of any restaurant I have ever been too. They are there every Thursday and know what we like and greet us with a smile. Quiznos has great food for the price, but I go to this place for the service, outstanding. Thanks Chris and Christine!
5	Extremely nice Asian lady behind the counter. The honey mustard chicken was phenomenal!
5	Great toasted sandwich. The owners are very nice. And they have Miss Vickies Salt & Vinegar Chips! They are so hard to find.
5	This location has the best customer service I have experienced when I order take out. I called in the order and they were very clear about explaining everything. When I went to pick up the order they greeted me with a huge smile and called me by name. I had never been there before and they were extremely helpful to make sure each order was correct and remind me of the options for the additional items that I could add from the veggi bar. They offered to help me to the car and gave me a complimentary drink as a thanks. I raved about them when I returned to my office and will go back there any time I am wanting a quiznos sub. Thank you!!!
