4	It isn't just an antique store. It's Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch, a classical art museum, and an opulent hunters' african mansion rolled into one. The first floor is an enormous fort filled with oriental rugs, furniture, and a 12 foot taxidermy giraffe head. The second floor feels like getting lostin the fortified mansion of a foreign dictator. Artifacts is an admission-free museum where you won't learn a thing. Unfortunately, don't expect any curios. Mostly large pieces: furniture, rugs, enormous bird cages. Sometimes it may feel a bit like a Pier 1 for excessively wealthy people. Something a bit odd: On the second floor, seated at a four hundred year old dining table are life-size plush dwarfs from the Disney store with a price tag of about $1200.
5	We had a wonderful experience at Artifacts.  I had been looking for a leather club chair, made in the USA of top grain leather for three years.  Each time I would find a chair my heart would be broken when I would find that it was not made in the USA.  Michael is a dealer for Hancock and Moore and gave us a great deal on my beautiful leather club chair and ottoman.  My husband was thrilled with the price and the fact that it is an American made chair.  The quality is exceptional.I would recommend Artifacts for service, quality of product, and fair pricing on their products.  They are not just antiques, although they have some amazing antiques.  Their oriental rug selection is also exception with a knowledgeable staff to assist you.
5	cora and i from san jose, calif (silicon valley)  were on business/vacay trip to look for rental properties to buy and we were lost again.-----  pittsburgh has very confusing signs/or no signs------------ slammed on breaks when we saw the word antique and went inside it was like a museaum.  lots of taxidermy pieces, beautiful heavy pieces and lots of rugs, decor, not much in collectibles.  some newer decor that was high end but not vintagethe prices are high but the quality is excellent there are a few inexpensive pieces mixed in , but this place is huge. -------------------------------------- its in elliott, pa right off freeway 51---------------p.s. i ended up moving to PITTSBURGH CUZ CALIF IS SOOOOO EXPENSIVE and i got in here about once a month just to look around.   its like a free museaum .
1	I went in to ask some questions about a statue my wife's grandmother, the previous owner of the West End Cafe, had purchased years earlier. Before I could even finish asking the questions, the clerk (possibly the owner) interrupted me, stated he couldn't help me in a very rude and aggravated tone of voice, stated that he was not an appraiser, and walked out of the room leaving me standing there. I wasn't looking for an appraisal, and wanted to ask him about some of the other things he had there, but he never figured that out because he was too rude and full of himself. I will never go in there again. I am an attorney and real estate broker, but he didn't know that because it was my day off and he didn't bother to find out anything about me. AVOID this business at all costs!!!
