5	This place is an American dream.  The story of an immigrant family who came to America with a recipe for good service, good food and fair prices.You can get anything you want at this place and they make you feel like long lost family no matter how infrequently you visit.  Get the Gyro Omelet.Soup is always on, breakfast is always served, and the staff will accommodate any wish.
4	This is the place with the big EAT sign in front of it.  For four years, I was afraid but enticed to enter.  Finally I caved to that EAT sign and said, "I must EAT there."  What a surprise it was! Here are the surprises1. Their coffee sucks 2. Their fried chicken is AMAZING3. All their pies (especially the pecan) is like awesomeness in your mouth4.  The breakfast omelettes are a frown... which is so unfortunate because I can never find a unbusy good brunch place. If you're suspicious like I was, it's worth a try.
4	This is an Update (July 2011) to my original review from December 2009.This place continues to provide solid workmanlike meals, well-run, nothing flashy, just good food, served by pleasant staff, reasonably priced.Breakfast any time of day. Dinner any time of day. A huge menu, but who needs it they will cook you anything you want and they gladly allow substitutions. Want a cup of chicken soup with your sunny-side up eggs? No problem.Totally remodeled in the summer of 2011, it has a new, traditional American interior, just updated from the 1980 look which is a good thing.
2	Typical diner that serves bad food at okay prices. Severe lack of vegetarian options. I got the "Big Breakfast." The waiter wouldn't let me substitute orange juice for my coffee, even though I offered to pay the additional 45 cents and give him a handjob in the bathroom after our meal.Overall, pretty lackluster restaurant. Looking back, the only positive aspect of this place is the giant EAT sign.
2	Had breakfast there.  The menu wasn't impressive.  The coffee was awful.  Service was prompt but lacking any warmth.  Had a skillet.  The food was unremarkable but not bad.  I wouldn't say not to go here to eat, just go with modest expectations.
3	Our server was excellent- she was cheerful and on top of things and attentive without giving the sense that she was hovering or trying to smother you.I had the vegetarian omelette and had the intestinal fortitude to forgo the hash browns (oh, do I love hash browns!).  It was good-sized, but a bit on the bland side.  It was nothing that salt, pepper, and a bit of hot sauce can't fix, however.The coffee was good- it was hot and it woke me up, just like it's supposed to.I'd probably go there again if I was in the area.
4	This is a family run restaurant that fills the need of home cooked food at a fair price.  There is a comfortable feel with wait staff that calls you Honey. On Fridays they tend to have a all you can eat special, deep fried walleye or fried chicken. Is this the best food I have ever eaten, No, but there is lots of it and it is always good and reasonably priced.  They open at 5am till 10pm, daily.  If I am hungry, this is my goto place.
5	This is a wonderful mom and pop style diner. Its quite the hidden gem in the area too since its a bit away from the U of I campus.They have a huge menu with tons of options. Our group got a bunch of things off the menu and shared. No complaints about any of the food. Oh, and the portions are gigantic especially for the reasonable price!
5	I have to admit... this review is almost expressly for their broasted chicken.Oh, god... thinking about it makes my mouth water.I make a lot of trips to go see family on the East coast. One of our stops is usually Urbana to relax and refuel for the last leg.And this place is right down the street from the hotel we typically frequent. The decor is blah, the servers are really nice and the coffee is warm water.But the broasted chicken is heavenly. It's seasoned perfectly, the skin is delightfully crispy and the chicken itself is so tender and flavorful that you almost can't stop eating. We also had the chicken noodle soup for an appetizer. Meh.Get the chicken. Seriously. It's better than fried, worlds better than baked and very reasonably priced. You won't regret it... until you're so stuffed you can't move, maybe.
3	Solid.  Not fancy. Good, not great, food. Decent service.
4	My brothers and I ended up at a hotel next to this restaurant.  We always use yelp when trying to find a good restaurant in a new location - and when yelp gave us this restaurant as the #1 in the area, we were doubtful it would be right for us.  It looks like your typical family greasy spoon but we decided to try it because of the yelp reviews & we were hungry.  This is the only restaurant in the vicinity of at least 5 hotels but we quickly realized why.  The food came out in what seemed like 5 minutes and everything was fantastic.  My reuban came with a bowl of soup - chicken rosemary - huge chunks of real chicken breast and perfect flavor.  The salad bar was very fresh and had a nice variety of choices - you can order the salad bar instead of the fries but the fries are nice steak versions - which usually are served uncooked in the middle because they are too thick.  Not here - every one was perfect...and we all ate every one.  The service staff was very nice & friendly.So we went back for breakfast the next morning.  Again, everything tasted great and we had wonderful service and the prices cannot be beat.I would give this restaurant 5 stars but both times we were there, there were kids whining in the back ground.  Not the restaurants fault but it is a family style restaurant and as long as you can put up with a whining kid the whole time you are there, then this is the #1 choice in the area.
4	Ordered a skillet. Huge amount! Less than 10 bucks and you can be full! Great place to have brunch. The price of the waffle is a little bit high though.
1	Wow. Not good.  Salad bar was a mix of browning iceberg lettuce and slightly fermenting beets,  three bean salad etc. I ordered the Broasted Chicken,  blah! not seasoned and thickly coated in a batter. Mashed potatoes were unseasoned Luke warm powdered blah floating in a puddle yellow canned sauce.not a good meal, disappointed after reading good reviews.
3	Definitely better than Denny's or IHOP, and a great breakfast after a night of drinking at U of I.Steak and eggs looked good and was a large portion. I got a sausage and egg sandwich, which was better than expected. French toast was meh. Service wasn't too shabby, she conveniently gave us all separate checks and we were well stocked on water and coffee.I'd probably go back, we all had a hearty breakfast for under $10 and it was better than the drive thru.
2	Lot of food, if volume is your criteria, this is the place.  Good food, no, sort of like I remember army food.  Cabbage roll was way too salty.  Rack of ribs too fatty.
5	This is a great place for senior citizens as it has its own separate page dedicated to senior citizen specials. I would highly recommend the breakfast options here. Their homestyle cinnamon french toast combo was awesome. It includes four slices of round cinnamon bread, two eggs, and two bacon strips or sausage links for $6.99. The service also proved very convivial.
2	Restaurant review:I had high hopes for this diner in Champaign-Urbana, but I left feeling disappointed. If you like a cheap meal or breakfast item this is likely the place to go. Also if you are eligible for a senior citizen discount, this is a great place to grab a meal. For everyone else, there is so much left to be desired. I don't care about the drab interior that reminds you of a restaurant from the 80s. If the food is good I am there. The prices are cheap for dinner and they have multiple specials everyday of the week. Today was 11.99 all you can eat bbq ribs or pasta. I took at pass an tried the grilled salmon for 12.99. A couple issues came up. First there is no warm bread with butter, you get a trough of saltine crackers so this is clearly wrong in the menu. Second you can chose soup or salad, I went with the soup based on the other reviews. The beef vegetable had a lot of veggies, but no pieces of beef another thumbs down. Finally the meal itself came without any other fixins instead a slice of tomato and lettuce. I have no idea how that goes with salmon. A couple of steamed veggies would have paired nicely. Salmon was okay, nothing special that you couldn't whip up at home. Finally that amazing pie that people wrote about, if you look carefully at the shelf, those are store bought pies. All and all this is a place for 10 dollar ish meal, but I think I might have been better off eating at a fast food restaurant. Pro: cheap breakfast/lunch/dinner, daily specials, seniors discountCons: store brought pies, no fresh bread with butter which is in the menu, borderline poor-below average mealsHidden gem:Daily specials. Check the website, although it does not appear to be updated and constantly shows a Monday special
2	Really nice waitress but they really need to up the ante on their vegetarian options. They don't even have a plain marinara sauce option for spaghetti!
4	Got in for breakfast before the sun rose on Homecoming weekend. Friendly staff and super quick service. Ordered biscuits and gravy with home fries and 2 eggs scrambled. It was hot and tasty!  Only thing preventing 5 stars is the coffee. It was weak. Probably Maxwell House
3	Just your standard diner.  Nothing special, but good food, salad bar, good size portions.  If your not looking for anything fancy, but just want to get something to eat it's the place to go.  Meatloaf dinner with mash potatoes and green beans, with soup or salad was $8.95.  Was hot tasty, maybe too much gravy.
