4	I never realized just how hard it was to shop for a bathing suit.  Since I am not of t ypical size (I refuse to go into more in this review about that), I can't go to a typical store (Everything But Water, Macy's...wherever) to find a bathing suit that fits.  After going to many stores on Saturday and experiencing lyrca burn everywhere on my body...I decided to check out this store.  While I feel that the customer service had a little bit to be desired, they had a wonderful selection of suits that fit any woman of any size.  The bikinis had a mix of sizes...and it just wasn't the typical small - large...they went by bra sizes all the way up to size G...they cater to everybody.  That alone makes it a wonderful experience.While the type of bathing I was looking for was not a speciality of theirs (Speedo - and they did carry a few), I found a suit that fit and didn't make me look like a scary slob.  Also, the prices were spot on...I didn't have to pay a fortune to look good.I give it 3.5 stars....selection was great...but they lost some on the customer service.  (Nice ladies...but they weren't very knowledgeable and when I walked out with the bathing suit on, they didn't say anything to me.  But when I walked out with my clothes on...they asked me what I thought...a little late, I may say)
5	This store looks like one of those thrift stores from the outside but it takes seconds before you realise that they have an exquisite collection. My mom-in-law stays away from dark coloured garments because she is dark-skinned herself. Banning 'dark' makes it even more difficult for us to find appropriate swimwear in stores that revel in gloomy spandex. After rummaging through the over-priced tacky swim suits at Nordstrom and Macy's I breathed a sigh of relief at WWWS. The lady in the store, probably the owner, assisted us as soon as we stepped in. After assessing our requirements she directed us to the right racks. My mom-in-law pulled out atleast 10 good ones in her size and fit. We walked out with a fabulous swimsuit is olive green and red.
5	I cannot believe I actually enjoyed picking out not just one, but two wonderful swimsuits. I am tall and large on top, so picking out swimsuits has always been an issue for me. After spending last week in Dillard's, looking at overpriced suits with only 1 fitting me (on top), I was shocked to find this store where I spent my lunch break trying on at least 10 suits that were made for me (I am sure there was more, but I stopped looking). The price is good and the service was wonderful. There was another customer in the store and the service provided to the two of us was very helpful. The lady knew her stuff (not the owner) and she was honest about how the suit fit on me.
5	Looking for a Swimsuit or resort clothes?  Hate trying on bathing suits? This store is for you!  Even if you are a size 2 and love trying our suits this store is still for you!  I am a very hard to fit swimsuit person as the top is much bigger than the bottom in terms of size and I found 7 bathing suits that fit me perfectly!  Elise is amazing and they will even custom make a suit for you AT A REASONABLE PRICE!   I will NEVER buy another suit in Arizona at Dillards, Macy's Target or anywhere else.  In 45 minutes I had the best selection, customer service, friendly help and I never once felt like I could have found better styles or prices.  Do yourself a favor....go get your swim and resort wear at What Women Want Swimwear..and you will be thanking me for writing this post!!!
5	I've searched high and low. High end stores through TJ Maxx and Nordstrom Rack to no avail! I'm currently 4 months pregnant and still rock the bikini, but I want something supportive and adjustable while my ribcage expands but is still cute (not just a mom swimsuit)! Found EXACTLY what I wanted here. Customer service is amazing and very friendly. Range of price points and styles. I'm very happy we found this gem. Thanks yelp and other reviewers!
4	I was looking for a top that would fit. This place had several different tops to try in my size and once I determined what style and size I was able to find the color I wanted. They also had lots of different style bottoms to try too. If they didn't have the color you wanted, you could order it and have it in 10 days. They make the suits. The owner was so helpful and I was very happy with my purchase. I will be back with my mother and sister-in-law. Bikini cost  $95 bucks, but it fit right and looked great.
