5	Are you a great golfer, looking for a challenge?  Then Rolling Hills is not the course for you.  However, if like me, you are picking up the game, learning the rules, enjoying yourself, and want to spend a glorious day outdoors in Az (Now being the right time to do that!), then Rolling Hills is the perfect choice.  It's very moderately priced, a round with cart is only about $30 (varies by time of year and residency).  The course offers beautiful views of Camelback Mountain, downtown Phoenix, Tempe and Papago Park.  It also is usually not very crowded, though sometimes the rounds can be a little slow (which can happen even at higher priced clubs).  There is usually a beverage cart out (at least on the weekends), and a pretty decent restaurant for your turn snack and post-round meal.  When I play golf, I play here, because of the location and price.
5	$13.50 to play half the course with a golf cart.  That's a pretty good deal, and you can bring your own cooler filled with booze!  I never liked golfing, but I took on this course with two girlfriends.  We aren't great golfers, but this course is fun to play on and not intimidating at all.  The course is quite pretty too, set against the backdrop of the Papago mountains.  I thoroughly enjoyed attempting to golf while getting drunk.  Next time I'm bringing cigars, then I'll feel like a true golfer.
3	Rolling Hills is great when you want a short, easy course with interesting terrain, good views, and noisy zoo animals.  I believe this course has to be the only golf course in Arizona where you can hear elephants on the third hole.There is a lot of elevation change on this course.  Many holes require you to hit the green to avoid rolling down a 50 foot hill into a gully.If you don't want a real serious round, just want to practice your short game (you will encounter some interesting chip shots), and just want to stay close by, Rolling Hills might be a good option for you.
5	Ok here's our deal: Four guys looking for stuff to do after the A's spring training game lets out. It is only 4pm on Sunday and we have a few hours until it gets dark. Right across the street from Phoenix Muni is this place, the Rolling Hills Course.We walked in to the shop and the guy there tells us the course is wide open. It was $13 per person for 9 holes. They also require each person to carry a bag, which is very typical. That was kinda a bummer because this essentially doubled the price, as we each had to rent clubs. The rental clubs were decent and each bag came with balls and tees inside, so we were good to go.The course was very nice. It was more than just an executive course, having mostly par 4's on the front 9, no fives though. We had a great time out there and will play here again next spring when we are back.
3	This is a great city course, receives just enough attention not to be terrible, but not too good where it will attract pretentious golf snobs or reason to charge an exorbitant fee.9 holes and a cart? 13.50.  Can't beat it.  Bring your own refreshments though, as there is no cart lady.
3	Great course and very inexpensive. It is located right next to the phx zoo in the heart of the Papago mountains with $10-15 summer rates. However. The customer service at this place in the golf shop is terrible. I've played here over 5 times now and i cant think of one good thing to say about the young lady working the later afternoons in the golf shop. I usually don't criticize on things like that but it's unacceptable and this course would definitely get 5 stars from me if they invested in a more qualified employee.
2	I've played this golf course ever week with a bunch of friends. The course is good  and the restaurant is great. The customer service in the pro shop is terrible. I'm handy capped and have to carry the clubs from my car to the cart because the cart can't be driven to the vehicle area. They start you off on the back nine  bunching up golfers when there is no one playing on the front nine. I've played here at least 20 times because of friends but I will not spend my money here again. Find a more friendly golf course unless you like bad customer service.
3	You can't beat the price of $27 to include cart after 12pm. The front 9 is mostly par 3's with some challenging holes. The back 9 opens up a little more with some short par 4's and longer par 3's. Overall, a fun course if you're looking to get out for a quick round with family or friends who are not expecting pristine conditions or country club appeal. Course conditions varied from hole to hole though.Nice lounge for a beer and hot dog or sandwich after the round. They did have a cart person with some good beer specials too, as well. If you look up toward the nearby bluffs, you may see some wildlife since this course is right next to the zoo. You'll hear an occassional call or other animal sounds too.So if you're looking for a quick round to tune up your shot making, this may serve the purpose. I was surprised to play the full 18 in just over 3 hours on the Wed before Thanksgiving, course was busy but moved along. Enjoy!
3	I'd like to give this course four stars, but the play is just so painfully slow.  I guess you can kind of expect that for a muni course during peak season, but I've never played a slower round in my life. I paid $16 for nine holes (twilight rates). That price includes the cart, but I ended up walking because all the carts were taken and wouldn't be ready in time to make my tee time. I personally prefer to walk, but if you like to take a cart, it may be frustrating to have your tee time pushed back - especially if the daylight hours are winding down. The course itself is in decent condition with a good mix of challenging and easier holes.  As the name suggests, lots of hills.  If you play a lot of flat courses, you'll find it a challenge to judge the distance on the uphill and downhill par 3s. I'd love to play here again, but I'd rather deal with 110-degree temperatures than a 30-minute wait to play one hole.  I'll check it out again during the off-peak season to see how I like it.
4	Played 18 holes in under 3 hours. It truly has rolling hills which provided a challenge for a beginning golfer. The round with a cart was very affordable at only $14. The scenery was very pretty with mountain views everywhere.  The staff was very friendly and helped me find a pair to go out with as I had booked my tee time 20 minutes before showing up. This course is a hidden gem for locals (I live 8 miles from here and didn't know it existed) It is however just a municipal course but I did love the cart path and the greens were nicely maintained.If you are a serious golfer I would stay away but for beginners like me this place was great.
5	For the money and the ease of access this place is amazing!! I played 9 holes for $11 at 4pm in November and had one of the best times I have ever had golfing before.I didn't use my drivers which forced me to practice with my irons. The greens were really nice and the pro shop guy added that they are even going to get better. Hilly and full of valleys it offers challenging shots... Play it to master your short game. Grab a cooler of beers for around $20 bucks. The views of south mountain during sunset are amazing. Even the zoo animals in the background were a unique addition.It's not Trune, but for the money and convenience it's better
