5	My new favorite foot massage.  Nice and clean. It's not only foot massage but I also feel relax.  Who ever love Andy and Kevin   They are here.
5	I keep bouncing around between all of these foot spa places in hopes of finding the one. I might go out on a limb and say that Andy's is probably the best I have encountered so far. The facilities are clean, the staff are friendly, and the atmosphere is relaxing. Peter took care of me and he was amazing. I am a fan of deep tissue massages and he hit all of the acupressure points. Please don't go easy on me. I can definitely take a lot of pain. Keep throwing those elbows and knees into the knotted areas. When I tense up for a moment, it just means I am about to release all of the built up anxiety from the last time I went in. He seemed to understand this from my first visit.I like how they end the session with some hot stones. The scraping over the back and temperature had me in a comatose state. I was snoring within ten minutes of him starting until almost the end. I apologize to my friends that joined me and the few others to come in while we were there. PS- You cannot beat the price. $20 is a steal.
4	After grabbing some cheap Chinese food in Chinatown, we decided to go get a cheap massage nearby. One of the people working at the restaurant recommended this Chinese food spa.It cost $20 for a one hour foot massage, which ended up being more of a full body massage! This foot spa is pretty big and all the massage chairs are nicely spread out. All the foot spas I've been to in LA are about half this size.The guy who massaged me did a great job. He used firm pressure the entire hour. What made this place unique was their use of hot stones to rub on our backs (they pull your shirt up and give you an oil massage first). My massage was well worth the $20 + tip!I wouldn't mind coming back here again for a massage the next time I'm in Vegas. Too bad they're not located near where I live.
5	Tom was amazing.  Worth every penny of my $20/hrs + $10 tip.  I went in with a aching head, neck, back, legs and foot.  After an hour with Tom, I come out feeling relaxed without any ache and pain.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!! I went there today for a massage. It was adequate. At the end they inform me that it's $20 cash only. I had to walk next door and get cash to pay. I handed him 2-20s and he said thank you. When I asked for change and he said well how much are you going to tip. I said $5 and he screamed "no way $10 minimum". WTH? I don't get 50% tips. I can't believe they get away with this. Don't the policies need to be posted somewhere?  I am darn sure they aren't paying taxes. I would even say that most of the people working here are not here legally. Time for some sort of govermental checkup at this place.
5	We come to Vegas often and always stop in Chinatown for a massage. This time we were looking for a new place and Yelp lead us to this one.We walked in without an appointment and it was very busy. Price was $20 per hour for a "foot massage", or $28 for a private room. We opted for the private room, which is so much more relaxing than being out in the big room with all the strangers moaning and groaning and snoring. Worth the extra $8!He had Amy and I had Cindy. These girls are talented and make it so relaxing and luxurious. The foot massage is definitely much more - they flip you over and massage your back, too. They even ended the whole experience with hot stones.Open till 12am! So get some sushi or chinese food beforehand, then come here, totally veg out, and stumble back to your hotel relaxed and ready to sleep.
5	I live in Vegas and have tried about 10 foot massage places and Andy's is my favorite. All of my friends are foot massage junkies and we have all decided this is our spot.  As stated by others, the massage is only $20, which is very cheap. As for the losers that are posting negative reviews because they only tip $5-$6 and are looked at funny, they don't need or want you back. Some people just don't get it.
5	Who cares if its supposed to be a 50% tip and cash only. I thought It was very sanitary as any other place and I enjoyed the massage very much so more than other places here in Vegas. I hope they do stay in business. It's def worth trying even if you prefer the $80 places lol
3	Sitting at a desk 8+ hours a day certainly does a number on the back & Shoulders!I had this kink (more of a boulder in my book) and managed to find myself to Andy's which was located in a kinda "sketch" area. I think driving down Spring Mtn. and looking at all the "massage parlors" are sketch in themselves and wondering what goes on behind the SUPER-tinted, advertisement filled windows of the places...I came in on a rainy night and was asked to wait for a few minutes as all the masseurs were busy at the time. There's a waterfall fountain with Christmas lights decorated around it in the waiting area. I was brought into a room with probably about 20 chairs in an open space with a TV and tranquil Chinese-melody-ish music playing. Be forewarned that they Knead and pound, I have a small frame, but it hurts so GOOD! :)
4	I love this place, I do.. I've been here three times and each time I had an awesome massage. Well worth the $20. The hot stones feel sooo good on your back, although the last guy I had didn't wait long enough and kind of burned me. Tom does a fantastic job. The only problem I have is with the owner up front. NEVER smiles. NEVER says thank you. Every time I've gone in there he just looks mad and has an attitude. The worst part is when you go to pay. There is no sign that says 'cash only'. There are no signs that say 'minimum tip required is.. ' Don't get me wrong, I think a $10 tip is well worth it for someone like Tom, who works super hard to get the knots out of my shoulders for an hour, but it's bs for him to dictate how much one 'needs' to tip. They will especially do this with people that don't speak Chinese. They also don't tell you that you have to pay up front. My friend paid the guy the $20 + tip directly, and he just pocketed it as all tip! When we left the owner basically yelled at her and said she had to pay up front! Don't bother asking them for change if you have a $20 bill, if you don't plan on tipping $10 or more, they will ALL say they have no change.
1	Place is clean but the service wasn't friendly. The two men at front desk was just there, didn't greet us when our party of 4 came in. They were a little unorganized.  My massage started out decent until he really put so much pressure on my back that it is still hurting today, 4 days later. I don't think he knew exactly what he was doing when he massage the lower back. I have gone to countless massage places and this is the first time my back hurt this badly where I can hardly bend my back without feeling the pain. I had this feeling once when I pinched my sciatic nerve by carrying heavy boxes during a move but never from anything else, let alone a massage. I would not come back and will avoid places like these in a long while.
3	I come here once-twice a month. The best massage person here is Andy. But he's the owner so he only works if its way too busy. Never can catch him. This place uses hot stones to massage you on your back at the end of your massage while your laying face down, so don't be alarmed if the massage therapist pulls up your shirt and unhooks your bra ladies. :) Overall most of them do a good job, you just got to tell them if the pressure is too much or not. Don't be afraid to cause most are heavy handed. Its 1hr massage including hot stones! I don't know of any other places that does this. Definitely recommend trying it out.
5	Wow! Way better than anticipated! Went here after two days of hard partying/dancing w/ 3 friends (2 women & 2 men) on our way to airport. We thought, "a foot massage sounds great for $20" - but we got so much more than that! Full 1hr body massage that was better than most $150 massages I've had. If you don't mind being full clothed in a big dark room w/ other people listening to Kenny G like tunes, you won't be disappointed in what you get for $20. Definitely going back on my next visit!!!
5	This place was phenomenal!  Off the beaten path located behind a pawn shop past The Palms but the full-body massage was top-notch for $20!  Made a last minute reservation for 4 and Andy and his wife were waiting at the front desk together waiting to accommodate us.  When our massages were complete we were having a hard-time finding a cab back so Andy even drove us personally in his own car so we wouldn't miss our dinner reservations!  Andy has such a unique and compelling story of how he ended up in Las Vegas and his love for the people and city are unmatched.  I will definitely be visiting this place on future business trips and recommend it to anybody coming through Vegas!
5	Love Andy's Foot Spa! I travel to Las Vegas regularly and always try to take advantage of the affordable foot massage options in town. Until a few months ago I'd make my way to Chinatown and hit up an old standard for a good ole' reflexology beat down.Problem was...the cab ride often cost more than the $20 to $30 massage. And then Andy came to town!!Much closer to the strip, about 3 blocks past the Palms, and near some good off the beaten path food options, you'll find Andy's Foot Spa.Call ahead if you are a big group so they can arrange for the right amount of staff.They do a great job, have never had me wait and only cost $20 for an hour. There is an expectation of a $10 tip landing you at $30, which still make it's it a great deal. Very highly recommended! And if you have time to chat....Andy has interesting life stories...heard about his adventures while he drove us to a dinner reservation because the cab didn't show up! Wouldn't even accept the tip....now that is service!Nice spa...nice business owner....happy to support!!
5	I went this place because i got recom from my friend i liked it but i have to tell the agent  must ask customer how we like it medium or  strong before u start but thaxs
1	Do not recommend:  We love this place before but recently my group of friends are disappointed.  Gratuity is a reward for a satisfied job.  It is not dictated by a policy.  If u want to get the staff  $10 min tip, post a sign or change ur price to. $30.  I m willing to pay that.  But don't dictate how much I should tip.Andy, the owner and his girlfriend never smiles.  Other places to go in the town.  Don't bother with this one.
4	Best massage in town for this price. I've been to a lot of foot spas around town and this is the best massage i have ever gotten.  Pros:  Amazing massage, cheap, fairly clean (of course not as clean as like say... a stripe hotel massage parlor but then you are ONLY PAYING 20 BUCKS)Cons:  I think 10 bucks for a tip is more then well deserved.  Like i said, best foot spa massage in vegas so it is worth at least a 10 dollar tip. Here is the one CON...the owners FORCE you to tip 10 bucks.  If you HAVE to pay it, its not a tip but part of the price of the massage.  Its a little dishonest and why i took a star away.
5	We found it! After how many years of looking and now with more massage parlors per square block than anyplace on earth: Heaven is here @ Andy's. Get the "main room" shared by all for $20 per hour "chair massage", or spring for $28 ph for a private room. (My GF & I did the luxury version for $28). DON'T B fooled by all the other imitators! You better call first, or you WILL have to wait. Mostly Asian clientele. B/c they know the real thing when they find it!
5	Went back again since we came 2 town 4 a  convention. AGAIN! Best massage ever, price aside....but for $28!! Amazing! I couldn't help but snoring! Best EVER!! I wish this place was in SD, Ca
5	I will never go to another foot spa again. I've been a regular here since June 2013 and after trying a couple other spots, no one compares! Sometimes I leave a bit bruised but it's always worth it!
1	Great place for a massage, can't beat 20 dollars for a 1 hr foot massage.....1. With that being said, place is getting dirtier by the day. 2. Don't accept credit cards3. Owner NEVER smiles 4. 50% mandatory tip is insane. If you want to price your massages at 30 dollars I'm sure it's still a bargain, to advertise 20 dollar massage and add 10.00 tip on it is just ridiculous.
5	Was referred by a friend.  I had Jason and my husband had Tyre,  they were very good, very strong but smooth and gentle strokes.  They also add warm stones, lots of stretches.  You get your money worth.  We will come back again.
1	I usually go here & ask for Jason. Unfortunately, when I set my appointment for Jason he did not fully do the hour massage. Towards the end of my massage, they switched masseuse with another man(the receptionist/owner), he over did my my neck ,lower back & shoulders. Thanks, to the receptionist/ owner who ended my massage I now have a bruise. Next time a customer sets an appointment specific person, do not switch at last minute. Let him finish the job.
4	I came here with one of my friends on 2/13 at about 8pm, we absolutely loved our massages. I had a girl that was wearing a red flannel, and she was awesome. I would love to know her name so I could ask for her again. Anyway, the massage is cheap and definitely well worth it. I personally was not asked for a $10 minimum tip, but after reading many yelp reviewers getting mad about it, I just hope they don't visit spas often, where a normal 20% gratuity is at about $27 for a full body massage without stones. I tipped her 150%. Yes, you're in a big room with other people, but it's still worth the price and they deserve a $10 tip at least. Just as an example for the people complaining,  a 25 minute foot massage at a normal spa is $75 without tip. A 60 minute full body massage here is $30 with tip. Overall, this place is worth $30 at least
5	My first time here and i had a good massage that i really need i will surely come back again after my trip from cali
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS PLACEAs I try to remember to put at the end of my reviews "this is ONLY my opinion, check it out for yourself and see what you think" will now be a mandatory ending to all my reviews from now on after reading the negative reviews about this establishment. Ok, I'm stepping down from my soap box, let me start this review:This place is AMAZING! I was introduced to Andy's by a great couple I know back in December of last year, they treated me to the best hidden gem in Vegas. Since then I have revisited 4x's including this evening.  I always have a great experience here, and the HOT STONES, yes HOT STONES are nirvana. Foot Spa, I'm thinking a little foot bucket and a chair, and someone ribs your feet. Not this place, you get the FULL treatment here. The massage, yes indeed MASSAGE starts w/ you laying on your back, starting at the base of the head, hitting all the pressure points, the temple, ear lobes, behind the ears, total scalp message, base of neck...do I need to keep going? Then it moves to the shoulder down the full length of the arm, including popping of the fingers. While all of this is happening, your feet are soaking in a tub of warm water. (Very sanitary, the tub is lined w/ a plastic bag) From the arms, they move down to the feet and legs. Every toe is handled w/ care, once again hitting all the pressure point. Pounding the heck on the bottom of the foot, thumb pressure that starts in the middle of the foot that then spans out to the toes and back down to the heel of the foot.  Then moving up the front of the leg (not in a creepy way) they hit quads, at this point I'm damn near in "La La land". But wait, they are not done...actually they are just getting started, you are then flipped on your stomach and the fun begins.(for girls: I would suggest that you go bare for this portion of the massage, NO shirt NO bra)They begin light pressure and it gradually intensifies. This is where the elbows come in, brace yourself if you're not a glutton for pain SPEAK UP, if it's too much for you let them know, they will ease up. From the back, they move down to the glutes, there are 3 muscles that make up the butt and each muscle is tended to.  Continuously moving down the body, the back of the legs are next, um OUCH in a good way.  The elbows are present again when working the hamstrings, still moving downward hitting the calves.  If your back is full of knots, and you are super tense get ready for the ride, they will work all of that out.  Starting at the neck and working the entire length of the body, stopping to work on every knot they may encounter. Lats, blades, rhomboids, scalpula (ok I'll stop w/ the terminology but you get my drift, your entire back is worked on. DRUMROLL please....and the HOT STONES come out, OMG after all the tension and knots have been worked out, they go over that same area w/ the hot stones. I'm gonna just say it's ORGASMIC, it's freaking delicious, it's the best feeling in the world. After the hot stones are rubbed up and down the back, hot towels are placed on the back as a finisher.  The massage oil is then stopped off the back w/ the warm towel and you agree then offered water or tea.I see some are upset about the $10tip, hmm...ijs, where can you get a damn good Full Body massage w/ Hot Stone for $30??? Exactly! NO DAMN WHERE. The owner is always pleasant when I visit, very clean environment and reasonably priced. You can't beat that w/ a bat.UPDATE: Credit Cards are accepted, there's a $1 fee for credit card useas for the "mandatory tip" I can't say because I've never been hit w/ that statement from the owner or staff, but it's $10, a total of $30 for services. Hell, I can hit up a happy hour and spend more than that on drinks and food. Be serious, how can you not give $10 for the work they do on you?? It's great stuffHowever, this is ONLY my opinion, try it out for yourself and make your own opinion on Andy's Foot Spa.  Needless to say, I WILL BE BACK
5	even though i was just kidding about andy oweing me he really gave me a free massage... he really wants your business :-)
5	My wife and I have been here a few times for couples massages. Absolutely love it! We used to go to massage envy but feel like we get better massages in a more relaxing environment here. Not to mention you can't beat the price, only $28 for an hour massage and that includes hot stones! After going a couple times we ended up getting the VIP card where you purchase five massages for a total of $100. That's only $20 a piece!!! We always include a $12 tip per masseur.
5	This was by far the most amazing inexpensive massage I have ever had and I'll admit, I am hard to please when it comes to massages. Truly relaxing! They are so intuitive to what your body needs and what pressure it can tolerate. So not those annoying, cheap, cigarette smelling joints  all up in your face. Ambience is calming, music is not distracting, and the staff are very respectful and polite! This will be my new go to place and will be forever in my weekly routine! It truly is a must try place. You will get addicted!  For the low price of 20 bucks! Oh and did I mention hot stones are included? What! Amaazazing!!!
5	$28/hr for full body massage with hot stone at the end of the session in private room. Jennifer and CiCi were amazing, so I tipped them $20 each (which I think pleasantly surprised them). Definitely recommend this place!
5	So sad... i've had two massage therapists named rose... the first one went to california and this one at andys went back to china... i finally found magic hands and now no more... (T_T) now i must find a new lady who has magic hands....
5	This place is amazing and a bargain. Anyone who complains about a "mandatory" $10 tip needs to get I over it, you would pay that much for a meal and these guys here are spending an hour of physical labor just to make you feel relaxed. I happily tip $15-$20 because it's worth it. You get shiatsu, reflexology and got stone all in one hour!! LOVE!!
1	This place sucks. The manager is a LIAR. My bf and I asked him three times before we walked inside how much they were going to charge us. Next thing you know, they increased the price after we get our massage. We also didnt even get to finish our full 1 hour massage because the guy who worked on my bf continued to massage him on the BONE. Who the hell massages bones?? My bf also continued to ask the guy to apply less pressure but apparently the guy understood it as "keep going." In the end, the manager yelled and cursed at us because we didn't want to tip the guy who massaged my bf (I tipped my massager tho). Very poor customer service. The entire time my bf was explaining how unsatisfied he was, the manager kept asking us over and over and OVER again "So how much are you going to tip him?" Dont come here unless you want to get CHEATED.
1	Bad experience with this place when coming with my husband. We were told to shut up in Chinese more than once. Staff is rude and I won't be back.
5	I went to this place yesterday night! I loved it! I had this girl named Amy. Usually I don't like massages because it's too rough, but the pressure was just the right amount. My cousins also had great technicians.
4	Andy foot spa is great!!!  I've been to a couple foot spas in town but I love them most.  I've never had a bad experience!  I've read someone's comment about no credit cards and paying a 50%tip... Yeah that's bs because I've been there many times with friends and I've seen them accept credit cards which some places don't take and tipping is what ever you want to and $10 for a $20 full body is nothing!! I work at a spa that charges $140 for just 50mins so break em off a lil their really good at what they do and I love the atmosphere if any one has Shh any one it's probably because you shouldn't be talking any ways ppl are there to relax not vent your feelings! Try the tea while your there too best tea I've ever had! Only reason I didn't give a full 5 star.. I request a gal I had previously and they gave me another gal thinking I wouldn't remember how she looked lol but other that no bad comments or experiences!
4	Love this place. 20 bucks for a massage. Who would be complaining? U can have a private room for 28. Why not? So you can relax and not to worry that someone might be staring at you. Most of their masseurs are great. They are very polite also not like some other places! Whoever is complaining about 10 dollars tip doesnt have a common sense! Try massage your friends or ur partner for 5 mins to see how tiring it is. They massage you for an hour and you are stingy about a few bucks? Geez! Go get some Mac Donald's instead, you dont have to tip there. Deduct 1 star because the owner isnt friendly!
5	Walked right in, no appt, they took my husband & me in right away...upgraded to private room with female therapists. Wow...foot soak, head to toe massage, oil, hot rocks, hot towels & some ninja maneuvers that everyone needs to experience at least once in their life time. Cost for 1 hour private couple room was ONLY $56.00 (plus $1 credit card fee, plus $20 extra for tip, $10 for each therapist). Gonna definitely try to come back before our trip is over. (Hint - they told us that it gets really busy after 6pm, so try to come early cuz it's definitely worth it!)
5	This place is AMAZING. Oh the power of Yelp! LolAnyways. I did not have an appointment. Walked right in and they seated me. It's like a big giant room. There are also "VIP" rooms, obviously it's private. I don't know how much it was, I'm not ballin like that. I get a wonderful man named Tom. He brought a bucket of warm water to soak my feet in. With no hesitation, my lovely massage experience started. He started at my head/face. Then my shoulders and back. It hurt so good! Then he made me lay on my belly. And did my whole back side. Did that for a good 15 mins. And then he whips out HOT STONES and massaged me with that. AMAZINNNGGGG!!! It definitely was Bombay. Best 20 dollars I have ever spent. Tom is THE MAN! For those of you complaining about tip, just so you know.... Getting a massage is a luxury. If you're crying over a 5 or 10 dollar tip, I suggest you save some money until you can afford a 20 dollar massage.Oh and wear really loose clothing. Like shorts and a t shirt or tank top or something. Cause they really go HAM on you. So wear something comfortable!
5	Ask for terry. I always tip $20. The guy broke a sweat massaging me. I like that, I need it hard. Best price and best staff of massagers in town by far. (Sorry best foot spa- they charge too much if you want extra attention on your back)
3	This place is hit or miss. You either get a great massage or an awful massage. Ive been a few times and its never consistent. The first time it was AMAZING. Then i went back...awful..then again..amazing...then my last time was the WORST MASSAGE EVER. The guy was super rough and got a little too close for comfort. Then when you check out they have a sigh that REQUIRES a $10 minimum tip..which is what i always tip anyway..but out of principle pissed me off.
5	First time to visit.  This place gives great massages.  The lady that worked on my was strong and firm.  It was truly relaxing.  Well worth he $20.  Make sure you tip $10.  They earned it.
5	Vegas local - BEST massage for the price hands down.  $20 for 60 minutes ~or~ $30 for 90 minutes!  I've recommended so many friends here and they all absolutely love it. I would say the only bad thing I've heard is that you are in one big open room with other people BUT it's super dark and quiet with nice relaxing music playing.  Due to the affordable price I'm able to go about 2-4 times a month.  Highly recommended.
4	My friend is a regular and he thought I would love to have a  massage considering the issues I was dealing with.Ask for Terry!Awesome massagist. I felt super relaxed after leaving the place. $20 +tip. Definitely worth it.Only thing is you're sharing a room with a bunch of other people. But it's dark and I didn't really care either cause most people's eyes are closed anyway. And no, you don't get naked. I was fully clothed (loose clothing preferred). It'll be easier that way. Plus, if you're someone who's scared to not be clothed in this situation...don't get a full body massage! How is a massage supposed to be good with clothes on? Lol. So yeah, definitely go if you're not afraid to get a good massage.
5	My first time here after being recommended by a few ladies at work. This place is awesome! I'm forever a fan and plan on coming once a week. I wish I asked the name of my masseuse because he was doing some crazy moves that felt awesome! Definitely not your typical spa massage (if you don't like your bottom massaged might want to let them know beforehand) but so much better!  My boyfriend and I had a private room for $56 but we left giving them $100 because of our great experience. And my boyfriend isn't one to rave about massages because the pressure is never to his liking but he's still talking about this place!And about the tipping procedure I'm sure it's for taxing purposes but for those of you complaining about it--do you realize you are getting a FULL body FULL 60 minute service for $20 that would run you well over $150 at a spa?? If you don't have enough money to AT LEAST tip $10 stay at home they don't want your money anyway!
1	I will never go to this place again. One of the therapists rubbed my neck so hard I can barely touch it w/my fingertips. & the right side of my spine hurts. Being a yoga teacher it's detrimental to my career I know about the anatomy of the body. I highly doubt any of these therapists do. I doubt they even have a real license!!!! Save urself the pain. I should have went to Bali Massage. Fml!!!
1	Owner is not honest. He changed me $90 ($60 + $30) for 1 1/2 hour while my friends only pay $30 plus tip. Go somewhere else save the hassle
1	The owner rip us off, charges way too much for a body massage. Don't go not worth it.
5	We found this place after asking a hostess at a restaurant for good massage suggestions and she recommended Andy.Best massage I've ever had....FOR CHEAP!  great hole-in-the wall type of  massage place. Must do after a long weekend of rock climbing! Just be sure to wear loose clothing, I made the mistake of wearing tight fitted jeans and it immobilized me on the hip portion of the full body massage.Also, I was taken a back by the hot stones/hot towel portion on my back. super startling, no warning.But they gave us some great tea and water after the massage and the whole thing was only $20/hour! soo good!! coming back next time!
4	After a long day on your feet at work, there is nothing more relaxing than a foot rub--especially when it's open late!   This little gem is tucked away, but once you find it you're definitely in for a treat.  Upon walking into the facility, the front desk asks that you have a seat before being escorted into the room.  The massage room is completely open, and equipped with large plush massage chairs.  It's slightly uncomfortable to get a massage in an open room which is why I knocked off a star, but it's quite dark and everyone is usually in their own world so comfort usually follows shortly after settling in.I usually go in for the hour massage, which starts of with you laying down before they move to your feet.  The masseuse will then flip you over and work out the kinks in your back!  This place is a STEAL for $20 + tip, you won't regret you went!
5	HOLY MOLY! best massage ive had in town, specially for the price. full on head, body, and foot massage for $20 + tip. floating on a cloud right now, ill def be back next week! dont sleep on this place
