3	Had breakfast here and the handmade crepes were delicious and filling.
3	I'm not a huge on crepes in general (at least for dinner), but we were in Montreal and it seemed apropos, and my husband is a pretty big crepe fan.Everything was fine... that about sums it up.  Nothing overwhelming, nothing disappointing.  Hubby had a ham & egg crepe which he seemed to like well enough, kids split a sausage & egg crepe which they also liked well enough, I had chicken & bechamel which was good enough.Our waitress was nice, service was 'relaxed' but we didn't feel ignored.
3	As much as there are sour points with La Creperie Bretonne, its really not as bad as some reviewers have made it out to be.  I came here after a night out at the Opera de Montreal for some sweet crepes.  One must keep in mind that the crepes we are used to are of the French variety, and if you are using that as your point of reference, then your review is probably going to be quite skewed.I opted for a Strawberry Crepe with a scoop of Ice cream (+$2.50).  The crepe itself was pretty good.  Crispier than the usual variety, and its presence spanned the entire circumference of my plate.  I will add though that I tasted salt (are you using salted butter?) in my crepe which kind of ruined the "dessert crepe" experience for me.   The strawberries were also not very fresh, and the crepe was not very neatly folded nor pleasantly presented.  This is a mom and pop shop so don't expect fancy plating.  I agree with most reviewers that the price point is rather steep (almost $12 a crepe), and I think that $2.50 for adding a scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream is pure robbery.   However, it is not as horrible as other reviews I've read.
2	Dull and uninspired crepes with little taste and no finesse.At least they do offer real maple syrup for $1.75 extra.Clearly this place survives only on American tourists.
2	Le Triskell was a place for crepes,For many ears it stood in this place,But alas the store is no more,And now we may all say grace.Dead. Finito. Gone. In the past. Future generations have been saved.
