5	I have to tell you that this is a "well kept secret in Las Vegas." Been here for close to 20yrs. and I have recently discovered this gem of a bakery. We are not talking any donuts here, these donuts are not for the Krispy Creme clientele, but your true quality pastry followers. The owners take extreme pride in their product and it shows in the taste! I have given boxes of donuts as gifts, and have not heard up to this day a complaint from anyone. EVERYONE, I mean everyone loves these donuts. When you have tried them, you will see why.
5	I saw Misty's review and thought, "5 stars...really Misty?" My wife says, "Go check it out. Misty's a girl-she knows." (which is code for women are always right) The shop is right on Charleston Blvd in a little strip mall. The exterior of the shop is nothing fancy. The minute you walk in, you notice a good selection of donuts in a case as well as the iron bars that surround them. The iron bars are probably a necessity 1st and then decoration 2nd. Their shop is located on E. Charleston and N 30th Street...I used to work at a production studio a few blocks down from them. Yes, its a kind of rough-ish area, but don't let that scare you off in search of the best of the best....I've seen worst areas in Hawaii, you know the place-mai tai's, sandy beaches, & palm trees.As for the donuts I picked up a dozen mixed donuts for about $8.50...that's cheap but I have to confess that I was with my daughter and I believe we got the cute girl discount. Good thing she looks like her mother or we might be paying extra LOL!! BTW she walked out with a free chocolate sprinkles donut. We got home and my wife took a bite out of a regular glaze and she looked at the donut, then at the box and says, "Wow these are good, much better then Triendly's and Donald's (the names have been changed to protect their identity)." Those words got my attention double quick, so I took a bite and I have to agree with them. It was good, it was fluffy-ER, the glaze didn't flake off, and even the next day it was still good- even the glaze held up, it didn't melt. We also had chocolate glazed, sugar, maple bars, sprinkles...the usual suspects. They were all good, but it was the fluff of the glazed donuts that did it for us.i'm a donut snob and I have my favorite places...All I can say is, its a good thing that I don't have to bump anyone off my best places list.Aloha means goodbye
5	Hands down, the best glazed donut I've ever had.  The inside was fluffy and the glaze was perfection.   I scarfed this down and I don't even like glazed donuts!Their other donuts aren't too shabby either.  I really LOVED the cinnamon donut covered in nuts and..uh..cinnamon.  Really tasty and fresh.  The cake donuts are winners too with options of chocolate, vanilla, maple, or cherry frosting.  Half a dozen costs around $4.50, full dozen around $8.50 (note that apple fritters are extra).  Cash only.  Looks insanely sketchy but seemed pretty clean inside.  I wasn't shot, stabbed or robbed.  That's a plus, right?
5	great service fast and friendly.I will totally be back if im in the area!
5	I love doughnuts.  Terrible for me and I wish I didn't like them but I do.There are not many independent doughnut places in Las Vegas.  When people buy doughnuts here, they're usually getting them from 7-11 or a gas station.  I judge all doughnut places by trying my favorite kind, an apple fritter.  They are very good here.  Admittedly, I have yet to try Ronald's so I cannot compare the two although I hear Ronald's are quite good.  The other types of doughnuts I have tried from here have all been good.
4	Great donuts. The Bismarck was great. Apple fritter was just okay. Other donuts and the holes are really good.
4	The Vegas donut tour continues.I left my house early and stopped by Sunrise Too Donuts one recent morning on the way to work since it wasn't too far off the 95 on the way to Henderson, specifically in Nedco Plaza, about a mile west of the 95 freeway.  The sun was just starting to rise when I arrived around 6:00am, an hour after opening, and I was the only customer at that time.  The first thing I noticed were the security bars on the windows; there are treasures inside, obviously.  There was a nice lady behind the display case to greet me, as well as the standard selection of donuts, plus snacks such as Grandma's cookies--funny.  The cases were filled with new batches of goodies since it was early. There were two sizes of the crumb donut, my go-to choice.  I chose the smaller version as well as a coconut cake donut.  I paid the lady at the register, which is behind plexiglass- more security.  I was in and out of there in a jiffy and the whole detour only took about ten minutes.  I got to work, brewed a cup of tea, British-style, and devoured both of my donuts, no sharing with co-workers.  Verdict?  Both of the donuts were worth the field trip, tasty, fresh, and moist.  I'll definitely be back.CASH ONLY
3	Items selected:  Raised Twist, Bavarian, Buttermilk Bar, Apple Fritter, Raised Crumb, Maple Long John, Chocolate Sour CreamNot personally visited but part of the first official Las Vegas Donut Crawl, Sunrise Too would prove to be the mixed bag of the group, a series of valleys and peaks mirroring the local landscape and defined by my two favorite fried treats, the Apple Fritter and the Buttermilk Bar.  Beginning first with the fritter it can only be said that this was perhaps the worst I've ever found - the texture not only far too oily but nearly inedible with grease I'd classify near-rancid...the sort of thing that could turn a stomach on the pastry forever and such a far cry from the rest of the selections that I wonder if we were peddled a leftover, particularly as the yeasted options were actually quite light; the rise excellent and the texture soft but not 'chewy' - a fact highlighted by the juxtaposition of the crumbled cinnamon on the crumb option.  Amongst other disappointments I personally found Sunrise's Bavarian cloyingly sweet and decidedly artificial tasting compared to both Real and Donut Hut, but again finding redemption it was Sunrise's Buttermilk Bar that proved my favorite item of the tasting, the archetype version loaded with tangy notes beneath sweet glaze and an ethereal texture with obvious visual separation of the cake layer and buttermilk layer on hemisection, a sort of fried coffee cake that makes me want to go back for more of their cake selections...no matter how bad the fritter.
