1	The staff bring and eat their own food in the dining area...
3	Hey, you know....It's fast food.  I don't expect a 5 star joint when I go to these places.   This place happens to be cheap, fast (usually), and better than average fast food eats.  I've sometimes been a little impressed, sometimes a little let down but this place is overall worth coming back to and while not as good as some, its decent food, quick and on the cheap (and I think better than that other national chain).
4	Good breakfast menu, good tacos, nachos, fries are a nice surprise. Breakfast is good stuff.
2	Del taco, well that says it all with expectations.  Cheap eats, OK meal.  I do wish this place would get a face lift.  I think they try hard keeping it tidy and clean in the dining area, but its OLD!
1	03/08/2014 @ 09:08amI just went through the drive-thru. I ordered a breakfast combo. Very slow service, after I paid , still very slim. I saw the cashier handle my food, I could see her fingers touch inside the little pouch for the potatoes. I did not see her fingers actually touch the food, but the surfaces that would my food would likely touch once the bag shifts. Next she went into the corner, coughed into her hand. This was no just a slight cough, it was a muilti-cough type of cough. She then wiped her hand on her chest, went back to my food and bagged it up. Again picking up my potato bag while touching inside the potato bag.What happened to washing your hands?I confronted her about it, and she started to be a bit rude, but I think she realized her mistake and changed her attitude quickly.I can not afford to lose work and get sick because employees don't want to wash their hands.  I got my refund and left hungry.
1	I have been coming to this location quite a bit and never had an issue. I went today and they refused to take my Discover card because they don't accept it even though I have never had a problem in the past. AVOID THIS LOCATION IF YOU USE DISCOVER!
3	You can't beat it for the prices and they have specials most every day.  Sometime its just amazing and other times it's just OK.  But when two people can eat for less than $8.00 its not a bad joint.
3	Someone told me, that every time they write a Fast Food review, an Angel cries.  LOLSo with that warning, I like this Del Taco, the employees and location. I haven't decided yet if I prefer Del Taco over Taco Bell. The reason is their predominance of potatoes in many of their dishes as a filler. Btw, if you like French fries with ground beef and cheese on top, then this is your place. Like TB, Del Taco has gone down the rabbit hole of gourmet burritos, which they call "Epic". It's similar to TB's Cantina offerings, which also come in bowls if UR doing a protein diet. They have four offerings called Cali Steak & Guac, Grilled Chicken Fajita, Chicken Chipotle Ranch and Steak & Potato which are all priced around $5.50 and with a drink are $6.70. I had the shredded Steak Cali which wasn't bad. The rest of the menu is pretty basic, with the usual offerings including breakfast.   So far my stomach is doing okay. Btw, I love the 50s tunes they play. If it wasn't for all the colorful seats and chairs I would feel like I'm in the movie Pleasantville.   LOL
