3	The hotel just recently opened so they are still working on some kinks. Driving in the hotel, parking valet staff were either understaffed or still trying to work out how to operate. The small driveway was full and no one was around to help. I decided just to park on the street temporarily and then check-in. Since the hotel is valet parking only (C$24 per day), they could definitely make their operations quicker. There is a parking garage across the street, which is C$18 per day. It's been a while since I've had a problem with checking in. I actually had to wait about 5-7 minutes before someone showed up to check me in. The concierge desk was next to the check-in desk but they are unable to check me in so I had to wait. There was no recognition or acknowledgment of my Starwood Gold Preferred status so additional training might be necessary to remind check-in staff about Starwood's preferred guests. I was assigned a basic room on the 5th floor (room 508). The room was very clean and the furnishing were clearly new. Well, with the exception of the bathroom sliding door, which kept getting off track. Other than that, the room was fine. Very comfortable Heavenly bed (truly heavenly), flat screen TV, and free wi-fi.  I am not sure if the free wi-fi would be a standard amenity at this hotel but during my stay, it was free.Overall, it was okay. I would stay there again to check how much they've improved and maybe try one of their restaurants next time.
3	I stayed here at the beginning of June, before they were accepting official reservations (I believe they "opened" June 30, but contracted with a few convention groups to host guests during the month leading up to the official opening).  Thus, my trip here started with a somewhat amusing wild goose chase while my cab driver drove me to what "used to be" the Westin.  He had no knowledge of a new Westin, I had to give him the address, eventually we found it but the entrance was under construction so he had to drop me in the middle of the street.  Welcome to Montreal!I am going to guess that most of the problems I experienced (check-in issues, not getting the right room type, etc.) were just due to getting the kinks worked out.  Naturally there was construction equipment and scaffolding everywhere; the pool wasn't open yet, the restaurant wasn't open yet - but I realize I was there before the official opening, so no big deal.The room itself was very nice and I got a kick out of finding something new every day - truly, it felt like my room was still being put together even while I was staying in it.  The shower and the bed were both lovely, and I actually enjoyed the hotel bar quite a bit.  I had trouble getting the wifi to work in the public areas, but then again, I attributed it to a new hotel still working out the kinks.  I really didn't care for my window looking directly into the cubicles of the workers in the building across the street, but I suppose that can't be helped.  This hotel had a great location for me as a business traveler - right across the street from the convention center (and a Metro stop), but on the edge of Old Montreal in case I wanted to walk around in the evening.  I have to give it three stars due to a few issues + high price, but I would certainly give this hotel another chance - I'd love to stay there now that it's officially finished!
4	"Le" Westin Montreal gets 4 Yelp squared stars for me. The location is fantastic as it's steps away from chinatown, the river, downtown shopping and government buildings. It's been recently built (I hear within the past year) and thus is quite clean and new. The staff is extremely accomodating and overly-courteous. Business suited women with French accents are plentiful...In comparison to dozens upon dozens of Westins I've stayed at, this definitely ranks in the top 10 thus the 4 stars. The turndown service is on-point, the valet parking folks are efficient, the suites are very large and you're greeted with opened doors and smiles everywhere you look.awesome - stay here.
3	We stayed at the Westin for a week last month. We had a corner suite with a nice view of the city. But, it wasn't quite as modern as I was expecting. It was nice, don't get me wrong. I guess I'm just getting spoiled. Big King Heavenly Bed, your getting sleepy. A nice bathroom with the Heavenly Shower and a door that kept swinging open. Our room also had a desk, plenty of windows, tiny little plasma tv and an iPod radio. As an SPG Platinum guest we got access to the club level. It offered great views of the city, snacks and sodas, yet no drinks. Our package also included breakfast buffet in their restaurant, which was very good. The gym was great and packed every morning I went down there. They have free weights, elipticals, treadmills and weight machines. The pool is an odd sight with a glass bottom that you can see above you from the hotel's entrance. No, I don't think I'll be swimming this trip. The location is great, right by Notre Dame and Vieux Montreal. They had a nice jogging route that takes you along the river and industrial corridor all planned out for you. A few areas of improvements: -This room needed a much bigger tv. -Housekeeping forgot to refill coffee and I needed to call for it just about every day. Morning fail. -The bathroom was poorly designed and the door blocked half of the sink since it would not shut flush. -A happy hour with no free drinks for SPGs does not make me happy. But, thanks for the Pelligrino. -A void in our dresser where a minibar should have been. -Room service breakfast trays were all about the halls well into the evening. We had a nice stay at the Westin, and I just love that Heavenly Bed and Shower.
4	What a great location. This places seemed to be a few blocks from everything. With in 5 minutes we were enjoying the charm of the old city as we walked along Rue St Paul. After our business meetings ended over by McGill College it was a quick walk back to Le Westin. With a nice restaurant, clean facilities, great service, I'm finding it hard to find things about the Westin that I did not enjoy. The pool is located on the fourth floor and has a glass bottom that happen to be directly above the front driveway. So the next time your getting out of your cab and ready to check in, give a quick glance up, you may be able to see people swimming... or doing other things ;) Anyway, after staying at this Westin twice this summer for a few days each time, I'm happy to say I will be making this my preferred hotel in Montreal.
4	We stayed at Le Westin Montreal over labor day weekend.  It truly is in a great location with close proximity to Old Montreal, blocks away from Chinatown and a Bixi station right down the street.  Our room was spacious and clean. And as with other Westin hotels, our room had the oh- so-comfortable heavenly bed. I had read in previous reviews on yelp and tripadvisor that this is a fairly newer hotel and thus has some minor kinks to work out.  One of our dresser drawers kept getting jammed while another was missing a knob.  Not a big deal, although I think that in general hotel rooms need to include dressers that provide more than three drawers for storage, especially for overpackers like myself.  We also did not have a mini fridge on our room but were able to put request through the front desk and received a fridge the next day.  Overall, service and location were great.  I wouldn't mind staying here again next time around, especially since I need to rack up more starwood points.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my brief stay at this lovely hotel, which is within walking distance to many desirable places in Montreal. The room is large, the bedding is very comfortable and top notch and the shower is huge. Good security -- you need your room key to use the elevator. Everything seem brand new and it's great that the hotel offers free Wi-Fi in the room. The hotel has a cool pool -- glass bottom.  I didn't use it but saw it as I was waiting for a cab outside the hotel -- look up and you can see folks swimming.The  regular rate is expensive but I got a great deal through hotwire.comThe hotel restaurant is way too expensive and the menu is limited.
5	I love staying at the Westin when I go to Montreal.It's fairly new ... just a couple years old.The staff are friendly :)The rooms are big and roomy.  The bed is huge and comfy with a heavy duvet.  The bathrooms are big.There is free WIFI in the rooms.It's located within walking distance between trendy rue St. Catharines and Old Montreal.
4	Good breakfast food items.  Excellent service.  Clean rooms.  Free WiFi.
5	This is one of my best stays in a starwood hotel lately.It was very clean, room was spacious and quiet and overall, very nice looking.Staff was very accommodating and helpful when catching a cab and general questions.The free WIFI in the room was awesome and surprising.  A lot of english tv stations as well.When I went to ask the very packed restaurant for a bagel to go, they hurried to get it and then didn't even charge me since I was in a hurry.
4	A very clean, newly renovated hotel.Location is great with easy access to the subway and shopping.Beds were VERY comfortable and free wifi was a plus.  The hotel and lounge area are very spacious, but for some reason the upper lounge area of the hotel with the bar was closed during the holidays.  A shame, since it would be a great place to pre/post game.Service was very friendly, I'd definitely recommend staying here especially if you want to be near old-town!
5	Was at the Westin in Montreal this past weekend.  Amazing - 2 words "heavenly bed".  Everything was clean.  The staff was amazing an super helpful and nice (no matter when we asked a question).  The decor was nice, and it was super clean.  Definitely a 5-star experience - can't wait to visit again
2	We are a family of 4 with two small children and had my brother visiting. Most high-end Montreal hotels accept up to 4 guests per room even for suites. I had a hard time finding a room for 5. This Westin was the only one that had a suite with two double beds and a sleeper sofa for 5 guests. The room was spacious and nicely appointed, but came with a high price tag. Although they charged for the 5th person, there were only 4 sets of bedding and towels. The sleeper sofa had crumbs of chips and other junk food under bottom cushions. The room was never made the next morning. When we requested extra bedding and the room be cleaned, nobody came for 30 minutes. Concierge hesitated to recommend restaurants frequented by locals and not by tourists and insisted on going to canned places on the map. The highlight of our stay was the swimming pool. The bottom of the pool can be seen from the hotel entrance on the atrium ceiling as if it was a fish tank. There were 3 pools - a heated one for swimming, a large hot tub and a tub with cold water. That made our kid's weekend. Gym looked very nice, though we never used it. We stayed at many nice suites at other locations within similar price range and always had a wonderful time. We expected a lot more from a reputable name like Westin for a higher end room. That said, it's a nice option for business travellers. I wouldn't recommend it for family weekend away.
4	I had the wonderful opportunity to stay at the Le Westin Montreal for a whopping 5 hours and 2 minutes since we arrived close to 2am and left a few minutes after 7a. The joys of traveling for work...This Westin continues to be on my top 10 list and is my GO TO hotel while I'm in Montreal. What a beautiful city...the staff at the hotel are wonderful and it's nothing but a great SPG experience.
2	Frankly, I was not impressed with the Westin Montreal at all. The rooms are okay but the hallway on our floor smelled like stinky gym shoes and even at times, poop. The staff was about 50/50 and some of the concierge/ front desk staff were rude and not helpful. And the hotel bar was absurdly expensive!! I ordered a kir royal, which cost unbeknownst to me, $30!! Seriously? This hotel is mediocre at best.
4	Loved the staff and location of this property. I'd read some complaints about check in time but we arrived around 1p on a Friday and all was smooth. We were able to get into our room and quickly headed out to explore the city on foot. We also could have taken the metro due to proximity of the Place d'Armes station on the orange line.  We ate breakfast daily at the Gazette and the buffet is very high quality. Worth taking advantage of if it's in your room rate. The rooms are of typical Westin quality and everything was up to expectations. I love the current shampoo and conditioner selection. We were upgraded to the Westin Workout Floor and while I didn't get to take advantage of the gym or the pool, both looked great.  Love the idea of the glass bottomed pool. The operator responded promptly to minor issues in the room. I received some benefits as SPG member, but also love the specials on the hotel's own site. The Sweet Deal package is a very good one and the benefits are ones that can be used on along weekend without going to waste.  There is some confusion among the concierge staff about some of the hotel's offers but overall great service throughout. With its location across from the Palais de Congress and right in the old city, I recommend this for business or leisure travelers.
3	Traveling with a child, I often run into many hiccups when it comes to hotel rooms.  And Le Westin Montreal was no different, although I was thought to believe that they were on top of things prior to my arrival.I called three times to make sure that we had a crib in our room.  You ask "Why did I call three times?"  Well, I just didn't trust the people I spoke with. During the third conversation, the woman at the front desk assured me that they would put the crib in our room prior to arrival.  That was more than I could have asked for, but it also seemed like they were promising too much by stating that they would do that.When we checked in at the front desk, I reminded them that I needed a crib.  The person at the front desk said that she saw the record where I called three times to confirm. And she said "oh I hope that there is one left for you because we are out of cribs." OMG!   So she said that we should get one since I called ahead of time so many times and that it should be in our room.  Sure enough, we got there and no crib was in the room.  I had to call the front desk AGAIN (fifth time) to remind them to bring it up. How annoying!One day when it was raining outside, we called down to get our car.  They said ok we will have it out for you and didn't specify a time.  After 40 minutes, still no car.  It was busy down there, but really? 40 minutes??? So we cancelled the car and walked. When we called to cancel, they made no apologies and just said ok...as if they were relieved that they didn't have to get our car.The room itself was actually very clean and nice.  It looked like it had been renovated recently which made for a very comfortable stay.  The room size was large even with a crib because I get automatically upgraded because of my status with SPG.Overall, some hiccups but nothing that would stop me from staying here again. Nice location to Old Montreal.
5	This was one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. The building itself was gorgeous, first of all. As soon as you enter the hotel you can look up and see into the Westin's glass-bottom pool (a little strange when you're looking up at other people, but really cool when you're looking down at the entryway), and the lobby is very regal and spacious. The chairs are pretty comfortable too :D Tourists especially should consider this hotel, because it's in a pretty good location in terms  of the various things to do and places to see; Notre Dame is just a few blocks away, and there's a metro stop within walking distance too.When we got to our room, we were surprised to be met with some relaxing music, which was coming from an iHome on the night stand between the beds. I thought this was a really nice touch, and a great way to make a first impression for guests entering their rooms. I'll also note that the music was turned back on by the cleaning services every time they made the room for us (a nice touch to accompany a fresh, clean room). Even better than the music though is the fact that all of the rooms have free wi-fi access! In this day in age, internet access is something that a lot of people rely on to keep in touch with family and friends, especially if you're a tourist and you don't want to pay international fees on your mobile phone (if we didn't have free internet, I wouldn't have been able to talk to any of my friends while I was away). As I mentioned before, the pool is really cool too. I didn't get a chance to go in it, but I did go down to the pool area and check it out; it looked very clean and the glass bottom was REALLY cool. They also had a hot tub attached, which was pretty nice too. Overall, the Westin is a great place to stay. HIGHLY recommended to anyone that's gonna be spending time in the Montreal area. Great appearance, great staff, great rooms, no complaints. Five stars.
5	Swimming pool- awesome. Rooms- super awesome. Location- awesome.
5	Probably the BEST hotel in Montreal! As a former employee of Starwood Hotels (Particularly, Sheraton and Westin), this hotel is a model of how the Westin experience should be. The property has obviously been well invested in. It is located in a great place in Montreal, right around the corner from old Montreal. Our room had a lovely view of the park and let's you relax as soon as you walk in. Calming music is already playing as you walk in and we ended up watching a beautiful sunset from the room!When I needed something from our car (which was valeted), the entire staff (from Service Express to the Bell Staff) followed through, going beyond expectations. They brought the car up, but instead of having us come down and dig through things, they had us describe it on the phone and had a bellman bring the item up to our room.That evening, we made a reservation with only a few hours notice on OpenTable to celebrate my Birthday. Upon my arrival, they were expecting us and knew our reservation without me even having to provide our name. We got to choose which table we wanted in the restaurant, but they had especially set aside a table, front and center of a corner window allowing us to truly enjoy the celebration. My mojito was delicious (and got me hooked!) and they even brought me a complimentary dessert!Along the way, every single member of the staff was friendly and willing to go above and beyond to make sure we were happy in every aspect of our stay! The only issue I had was earning StarPoints on my eligible incidentals due to the rate I had booked on. But, the issue was eventually resolved with SPG, which is where most of the problem had stemmed from. I look forward to staying with Le Westin Montreal next time I need a hotel in Montreal!
3	I was in Montreal for a few days this week for meetings ... the company I work for is based here.  I stayed at the Westin.I've stayed here a few times in the past and I've had a bigger room and a better view (this time I looked out at a grim building about ten feet away). I found this room really dark and small. It was in the St. Jacques Tower ... I like the other tower better.I like this hotel because it's fairly new and  I find the beds really comfy..  WIFI is free and it's a quick walk to the shops and restaurants on Rue St. Catharine or to Old Montreal.Alas, there is no bathtub ... but there is a huge shower stall.
3	This is a pretty solid Westin.  The building is older but maintained really well.  If I could, I would give this place a 3.5 star.  The amenities are ok, nothing special.You get most things you'd expect from Westin which is a very comfortable bed, nice linens, and a decent shower.  I'm surprised they don't have tubs or a jacuzzi!!!Even though we had some "issues" with some of the staff I can assure you that the staff here are great.This place has valet parking only but you can park at the congress centre across the street.This location is a great hub between Chinatown and the old port.  Don't eat breakfast here, it really sucks.If you're going to stay at 1 Starwoods property in Montreal I'd recommend W by a bit!  The Westin would be second though!
5	Nice hotel situated close to old Port. Rooms are comfortable, and service is amazing.......Nice beds and the shower is pretty nice for a Westin, yo? Room service is fast and amazing....
2	The NBA finals are on and you're traveling. But you're staying at the Westin Hotel, so it's all good, right? Wrong. The television here failed disastrously, making for an unpleasant experience, despite everything else about this hotel being lovely. The aspect ratio was locked in that weird stretch mode, making all the faces and bodies out of proportion, ruining the experience. And there was no way for users to adjust the settings. I called maintenance, and they could help a little, but not much. And then, the quality of their cable is terrible; really grainy picture. Moreover, for whatever reason, each input of the remote would take ages to show up on the television. I stayed at a holiday inn express the night before, and the television was crystal clear and wonderful. Very sad. I would have been much better off with rabbit ears and over the air HD.
4	Location, Location, Location, Great views, right on the edge of Old Montreal within walking distance of the old port.   I have stay here several times, the beds are so comfortable I did not want to go home. It is great for kids. Only wish they has a tub, it they had they would have received 5 stars from me.  Staff is awesome. Pool or should I say three pools, a regular pool, freezing cold pool and a hot pool. I have been to montreal many time and this is the only hotel for me now!
4	Very nice (and pricey) hotel in the perfect location if you want to explore Old Montreal and the tiny Chinatown.Right across the street from the underground and also a couple of blocks from a nice indoor mall.Nice rooms (Westin has the best beds around) - some with views of the city...This is a good hotel for walkers and explorers.
4	Stayed here twice, I think in the same room both times. Rooms are pretty standard fare, everyone on staff was cool. The waiters in the hotel restaurant were great, and the food quite good too; my dad, who is convinced that the entire human race got 10x as cruel after the Reagan administration, remarked that the service reminded him of his pastoral childhood in New England, where hospitality was king. A wonderful place to conk out while slightly drunk and watching "Canada's Worst Drivers" on the (admittedly mediocre) TV. It's a bit expensive for what it is, but you get treated well.
4	Pros: Convenient location - close to the Old Port and the MetroHelpful and polite staffGlass bottom pool that looks down on the streetClean, up-to-date rooms and bathroomsCons:WiFi did not seem to reach our room on the fifth floorParking is $30 a day - Maybe park somewhere else if you are looking to economize.
5	Ended up getting a good deal on 4-day stay here.  LWM really is in a great location.  A quick 5 minute walk gets you to two different metro stations.  You are a couple blocks away from the Old Town neighborhood.The pool really is a cool touch.  The main pool (there are three) has a glass bottom that looks out over the front driveway of the hotel.  One of the other pools is very hot, the other very cold.  There was also a dry sauna.  It made for a relaxing time after a full day of sightseeing.... sweating it out for a bit in the sauna before taking a plunge in the chilly pool.The staff was very cordial and quick to assist in any way possible.Con:  The beds are TOO comfortable!  I slept well past my alarm nearly every day! Highly recommend!
5	Very nice hotel. Its in an amazing location very close to downtown and the famous St. Catherine street. The rooms are very big and the bathrooms are nice. The hotel also has an indoor swimming pool which is very nice. It's also very close to the Old Port.
3	The Westin Montreal is located pretty centrally so, it's got that going for them. It's located across from the Place D'Armes metro stop, next to hotels like Embassy Suites, Hotel le St. James, Loft Hotel, the W etc... it's like chain hotel row. If I had kids, I would come here. The swimming pool is huge and definitely a great attraction for them. The rooms were nice, a wee bit drafty and everything was brand spankin' new. Everyone was extremely friendly and kind. Well then, why not 5 stars?This is Old Montreal. I want romance, I want rustic, I want Old Montreal. This place lacks that charm. Definitely not romancing the stone hotel here. It's also MASSIVE. With wings and towers making us having to take the elevator down to the ground floor to walk down the hall and grab another elevator to get up to said pool and gym.We also had a few technical issues with our room including heat not working, tv not working and there was no remorse from hotel staff. We complained to the manager after we left and were compensated with some Starwood points but, I just felt like we kept calling to the front desk being like now this is wrong, I think a nice touch would be send up some champagne, send us up some macaroons. Do something. That's customer service.Overall, the price was great and the Starwood points is always a great addition which is a big selling point for my choice in booking a hotel. However, when I come back I may think twice before committing and may see what deals I can scrounge up at the more intimate places.Just a heads up: I booked on the Westin website and was charged a foreign transaction fee which, I think if you book via Orbitz or hotels.com you may avoid. Just a heads up!
4	One star off for the "modernized" pool they bagged about on their website and hotels.com. It was merely a small pool that wasn't as nice as the pictures. Other than that, the valet service was very fast and it's a short walk to both Notre Dame, Old Town and Chinatown (all three places that my boyfriend and I frequented the three days we stayed there) It was a reasonable price and nice rooms. The wifi didn't work well in our room so I spent most of my time sitting in front of the bathroom to get signal, other than that, the concierege was helpful and I would stay here again for sure.
4	I stayed here for a couple of nights with the BF to round out our extended weekend getaway to Montreal.  With a central location and convenient to many of the city's neighborhoods and attractions, this modern hotel provides the comforts of home with a slew of amenities to match.  We also stayed here so that I could continue to accrue Starwood Points, and the rooms were reasonably priced.Pros:-Big spacious rooms with clean modern decor and design-The Westin Heavenly Bed, need I say more?- Bathroom is spacious and has a big modern glass-doored shower- Convenient location near Place D'Armes, Square Victoria, and adjacent to Vieux Montreal and the Palais de Congres- A large modern gym and wellness facility- A glass-bottomed pool that looks over the driveway- Free Wifi- Late checkout at no extra chargeCons:- This hotel has a huge conference/business facility, which makes the layout super confusing if you don't go directly from the lobby to the guest elevators (or if you access the hotel directly from the RES)- Hallways were a little stuffy- Water pressure in the shower could have been a little higher- A little far from the Central Downtown shopping area and McGIllOverall, I would definitely stay here again if and when I come back to Montreal.
4	Nice location and very modern rooms.
4	Great location--we stopped here on our drive to Charlottetown and scored a great rate for a last-minute booking.  We'd been on the road all day and felt like we deserved a splurge, so we ordered a bunch of room service and lounged around in the classic Westin bathrobes all night long.  It is super fun pretending to be a rich person here!  Plus, the fruit plate came with so much fruit that I packed the rest up for the drive--hooray for road trip snacks that aren't Cheetos and beef jerky!
2	The only really nice experience here was the bed and the linens. The shower was also a positive, large with a double shower head.Everything else, average at best.  Every time we had a shower, the fire alarm went off. Something that occurs frequently, we were told. Not the soothing shower experience you might expect.The concierge was unfriendly and unhelpful. With the exception of one employee, who was very helpful during the power outage, everyone was less than friendly. They were not concerned or interested in helping you navigate the city, find a restaurant, or turning off the ALARM.I would not spend my money here again.
4	A very nice modern hotel in the heart of the city.  The kid's loved the pool, it has a glass bottom that looks down on the entrance.  very cool and unique surprise.  A nice Westin all around.
4	This is a very nice hotel with excellent service.  I am a fan. I would not hesitate to return any time.The pool is small but my kids loved it.
2	Good location, but expected more from Westin and the price. Room was awkward (toilet was so close to the shower, almost impossible to sit; power plugs couldn't stay in plugged into the vertical mounted power strip) and the restaurant was a joke. The first night, looking for a bottle of wine for my room,...  Bartender took 10 minutes to take my order at an empty bar, then another 10 looking for the right key to get my wine from the cabinet. Just asking for a Malbec, didn't think it was worth any trouble. Next night had a tasteless duck carpaccio at the bar. Bartender seemed put off when i said it wasn't good, leaving most of it on my plate. So, good location and good desk staff,... But overall not good for the price.
2	I booked Le Westin given the great reviews, I'm a gold SPG member and it had a great location. I booked three nights with a discounted prepaid rate. However, due to weather challenges in Chicago (12 hours at the airport on a Thursday and an offer to not get to Montreal until later on Friday) I ended up cancelling the trip. I did both call SPG and the hotel directly alerting them of the issue and they deferred me to the hotel's "billing group" and promised they would email the team of my problems. I didn't expect they would refund all three nights but I was asking for a reasonable accommodation. Since I didn't have a call by Monday I called SPG directly and they told me they could not assist and, once again, had me call the hotel. When I did speak with a hotel representative they told me that the "billing group" had nothing to do with the decision and took my information for a manager to contact me. Well, I did see one attempted call from the hotel with no message. I haven't attempted to call back as I assume their position is they have no interest in my issue or care about my business.On a positive note, I did work with their concierge prior to the trip on arranged transportation to the hotel. Given the evolving departure times I was in regular email contact with the concierge team and they were incredibly helpful in keeping the car service aware of the issue. When the plane was cancelled they immediately contacted me and wanted to confirm my plans. Once I connected with them they were sympathetic to my travel challenges and ensured that I was not responsible to may for the car service since I was proactively communicating with them. I did let them know that they had earned my business purely through email - I just wish the hotel's management had a similar concept of hospitality.
4	Very nice and clean at the Westin Montreal.When booking with any Westin, there is a standard that you expect and receive.A few weird things about this visit include the following:1) There must have been a dance competition in the area, the hotel was PACKED with tons of younger children.  Totally fine just crowded the hallway, elevator and pool a bit.2) Our shower had extremely low pressure.  We were only there for two nights, so two showers was fine to deal with.  Would have said something if we stayed longer.3)The circulation was a bit odd.  We woke up really dry and chapped throughout the evenings.4)People keep talking about how amazing their beds/mattresses are but we didn't see what was so special.Our trip to the Westing in NYC near times square was still the best.  This was was good.  Almost great.Staff were all extremely friendly.  Wish valet and parking was included or cheaper, but you can't win them all!P.S. if you stay here, go to Gibbys for dinner, its about a 10 minute walk and well worth it!
4	I enjoyed my 4 night stay at this hotel.  We were treated well during the check-in process and it felt like a nice home-away-from-home.  While it was extremely cold outside, it was nice and warm inside.  The room was big and we had a decent view of downtown Montreal.  The location was great since one could walk to most of the downtown attractions and very close to Old Montreal.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Montreal.
3	I nearly always love Westins, but this one is an eclectic combination of buildings pieced together. We stayed in an older building (tower) connected by multiple hallways to the lobby area. Navigation is not easy from/to the lobby up one way escalators on opposite sides of each other. The rooms are too small for the furniture in them or else the furniture is too big for the room. You can barely walk thru with your suitcase to the BR after walking down a long hallway. That said, the long hallway means it's quiet. The furnishings and appointments are nice enough. Starbucks coffee in the makers. 35 inch flat screen. Not much room to move around.
4	Solid Starwood hotel with a great location in Old Town ( a block from Notre Dame cathedral). For platinum members they offer free breakfast and tapas/ and or a glass of house wine from 5 to 7pm. The gym is excellent with the latest equipment, headphones and cold towels. There is also a  pool with a hot tub. Rooms are standard westin with heavenly beds. The showers are average for Westins and the bath products are also standard (I miss the days when they had Molten Brown). Gazette restaurant is also pretty good - the superfood options such as the cinnamon oatmeal with pecans, blueberries and bananas and the banana and granola pancakes were terrific. Would stay here again. Also loved the entrance - built into the street enclosure.
4	This place has a pool with a clear floor. AMAZING. You can see straight down to the... parking entrance. Hilarious. The pool is pretty tiny - entirely for relaxing, no exercise here. The usual Westin bed, Westin service (even for we F1 fans, not staff) were excellent.    Mandatory valet parking with excellently quick service and attentive desk staff. Pristine bathrooms and arranged essentials.
4	I love Westins and after this stay it just confirmed that. After a nightmare experience with Airbnb (never using them again!!) I found this Westin last minute and am so glad I did. They have the most comfortable beds in the world and exceptional service. I wish there had been better food options around the hotel,  the hotel restaurant wasn't very good. It was quiet and comfortable.
4	I stayed at the Westin Hotel Tuesday and last night.  I've stayed there a few times before and like it.  You can see the bottom of the glass-bottom pool at the entrance.I didn't have a great view ... just of a brick wall about ten feet away :(There's no tub but the shower stall is huge ... you could probably jam 16 of me in it (yes, I did the figuring this morning)!  Good thing there is a double shower head! I like this hotel because it's fairly new. WIFI is free and as is a small bottle of bottle or water.  There is no mini fridge.  The air conditioning worked well.  It's a quick walk to the shops and restaurants on Rue St. Catharine or to Old Montreal.
4	Great Hotel and service. Hosting a work event here was great and very professional. Would come again.
4	I'm a big fan of Westin...No matter where you go, you will get consistent hospitality and most importantly heavenly bed!!This one in particular: really close to old montreal and basically every where...
4	Awesome sleep here at the Westin. I did not hear a peep from other guests traveling down the hallways, and not one door slam. Checkout time was 12:00 noon. It was great to sleep in, and so easy to do so since they have blackout curtains. Service was great too, they let us leave our bags there after checkout so we can enjoy sight seeing in Montreal without having to lug our bags around. Not too far from St. Catherines street, and plenty of museums nearby, as well as the water. Only con was that the elevators were extremely slow, and very packed especially during check in time. Would definitely stay here again.
4	Great hotel - we were on the top floor in a larger suite (we paid extra to have a nicer room but so worth it).Check in: fast and was a breeze - the ladies at concierge and check in are excellent, friendly, efficient and well trained. Excellent.Restaurant: It was a long day for us so we decided to eat in the hotel restaurant as we had already valet parked the car, unpacked and just weren't in the mood to go out of the hotel again.  Restaurant was busy - food was okay - I had the lamb I would give a 3 out of 5.  Hubby had the burger it was 4.5 out of 5.  Our waiter was the younger guy of the 2 on that night - and he was a bit of a dip-stick air head with a bit of a Quebec attitude (not sure if it was because he knew we came from Toronto, but he was a waste of space and a bit of a space cadet service wise) a: gave us the wrong appetizer (gave us some tuna tartar - we asked for cesar salad..... took forever to clear our plates....when he did we waited forever for our main course - while he chit chatted in French with some other customers...we got our food ...finished ....and waited another dogs year for him to clear our plates); b) second waiter came to clear our plates and give us the bill/cheque and clear up the tab  - he was EXCELLENT AND EFFICIENT - he was working part of the restaurant and he was sharp, swift and knew his stuff.  Our guy was asleep at the wheel.Rooms: clean - big - we were on the 22nd floor - view was excellent - we had a good room, water pressure was good in the shower - we have stayed in a lot of nice places so this was nice but not as nice as Dubai places we have stayed at.  The showers had a double head but weren't anything amazing.  But still nice - but we paid nearly $300 for our room so I would expect nice.Valet: $35Wifi - Included in the room price - it says its complementary but with $300 a night for my room - I say that is not complimentary - I say that is part of what I am paying for for that priceRestaurant is expensive but NOT as expensive as the room service $18 for a cesar salad (room service).Nice hotel, didn't have time to check out the pool and the facilities we were really tired and since we were in town for business it was just a basic trip for us - however, I do recommend this hotel all in all.
3	I usually love Starwood hotels.  This one just wasn't up to par.Pros: *Very close to Old Montreal*Close to a lot of shops and restaurants*Westin Heavenly Bed!!!*Restaurant has great foodCons:*Valet guys weren't super responsive.   They would stand around and talk and not ask if you needed help.  Happened every time I needed my car and I was there for 10 nights*Restaurant gets overwhelmed in the morning with the "breakfast included" package.    Whenever I wanted to order off the menu (i am not a fan of buffets) it would take forever*The cleaning staff was subpar.   The hotel is newer so over all pretty clean.  But there were bits of trash in the hallway I stayed on that never got picked up
