5	For centuries the Scottish have been quietly producing some of the finest goods on the planet and only occasionally letting the rest of the world about it. Then along came Brew dog, who decided to change all of the rules. They assaulted the world with men in penguin suits and a totally new way of thinking about brewing. In doing so, they took on a lot of people that had quietly been producing terrible beers. James Watt and Martin Dickie have taken on the beer industry, the media and even Parliament in their attempt to move the population away from fizzy yellow beers to Craft Brewed Ales and Lagers. This location is just another step in the Penguin Domination plan for Brew Dog.Inside the decor is a utilitarian industrial interior which still offers a lot of comfortable seating. It is obvious that the beer is the focus of this space and the large bar dominates the one wall with large BrewDog beer pumps along it. A variety of non-Brew Dog craft beers are also on sale with Stone, Mikkeller, Struise, Alesmith and Three Floyds available. One thing I do love about this place is the possibility of picking up a Growler of beer for home consumption. I used to enjoy this tradition in Eastern Europe, travelling to the local pivnice to pick up the beer for dinner. Brew Dog offers something similar in that you can take beer home in specially designed containers or 'Growlers'. Food is available in the form of cheese and meat plates, along with pizzas, but they are really not the focus of this place. If you want to step away from the conventional ale pub and step up to something special. Get your butt in here.
5	Agree wholeheartedly with Andrew on this one.The new Brewdog Edinburgh Bar is great....Edinburgh has SO many pubs and bars (some of them great, some of them not so) but Brewdog have genuinely come along and offered something completely new and different to the Edinburgh scene. The main focus is completely beer,although they do actually offer a surprising array of other drinks for those that dont want or like a beer. I just has a good feel about it, the staff are excellent and interested to talk to you and clearly love and are interested in their job and the products they are selling. This is no real ale pub, all beers are either draught or bottle but that doesnt mean its not a 'beer pub', far from it, they are just doing something different and the beers they serve are completely suited to being served cooler and carbonated. Edinburgh has loads of 'real ale' pubs but Brewdog are doing something different and i really hope they do well. All indication show they will as seems really popular and has a great buzz about the place.Not cheap but you genuinely pay for what you get.
4	I must confess first, that i waited after a few visits to get a feel for the new Brew Dog pub before coming to a conclusion and writing a review.The Brew Dog bar is everything Brew Dog, with it's industrial chic interior, smashed tiles, and mix mash gym flooring on the wall. It's a pub stripped bare, to get straight to the basics.......Beer. That's what it is all about, good beer. Any beer lover should not miss this place, 14 taps half of which are guests from America, and the Continent, and the bottled beers must be close to 100 by now. And who cares if the beer is from a keg and not cask, because they all taste amazing.It took 2 months to revisit Brew Dog after my first visits, and i found myself going back 2 days later. Why you ask? Because i finally got to do what i intend to use the Brew Dog pub for. Going in when they place is not rammed on a weekend, sample some beers you will not find anywhre else in Scotland, line the belly with one of their spicy pizzas, and just appriciate good beer.4 Stars for the quality, the innovation, the friendly cool staff and the balls to pull this off in the Cowgate. If only there was just more room.
3	I may just be blacklisting myself here but... I just thought Brew Dog was A-OK and nothing more spectacular.  Sure, Brew Dog beer is very tasty and much nicer than the pish we're used to drinking in standard pubs.  That's a fact and I won't argue with it.  I LIKE real beer.But, the setting here ... I could take it or leave it.  When I walked in, it was busy but not manic by any definition.  I headed to the bar and, being not terribly familiar with the selection, hummed and hawed for a few minutes.  The bartender stood there and scowled at me, offering no help or suggestions.  I could have sworn that I read somewhere that the Brew Dog bartenders are educated in the beers they serve etcetcetc.  I would have thought that, to accompany that education, might be a bit of excitement about their product and the desire to impart that excitement on their customers.  Apparenly I was wrong.  I ordered my pints and headed on my way.  My friend and I sat ourselves at a tiny, awkward table and chatted as the place filled up with it's Friday after work crowd.  When it was my turn to be treated to a pint, I would normally have gone for something different but just couldn't bring myself to get excited about it so just got the same.  The quality of the beer does not make up for the combination of somewhat surly staff with not terribly comfortable surroundings (not to mention, located in the student-hole of the city).  So, A-OK from me, but it's not a place I'll be rushing back to.
4	Amazing. Brew Dog brews some of the most amazing hair of the dog I've ever put in my mouth (and the most awkward sentence in a Yelp review goes to...).Really though, I am addicted to their 5am Saint. They have some 'standard' beers done incredibly well - the Ingrid, a double IPA that even I liked, and I don't generally like IPAs, the Trashy Blonde, a tasty pale ale, et cetera - as well as some rather special concoctions. We tried the Tokyo, which they only serve in one-third pints because it clocks in at 18% - and tastes amazing. Unfortunately, after festival madness they were all out of, and we couldn't try, their landmark beers - Tactical Nuclear Penguin, at 32% and Sink the Bismarck, clocking in at a whopping 41%. Yeow.The bar itself is nice enough, rather sparse with low tables and stools that sort of look like they were hammered together by tipsy bartenders from plywood, but it goes with their Beer for Punks slogan. The bartenders, every time I've been there, were super friendly and conversational, more than willing to dish out samples and information, and letting us savor our pints and come back for more... and more... and more...
4	Great brew pub!  Hoppy beers, friendly service, interesting crowd and atmosphere.  If you are looking for a great beer, go.
4	If you want a place to try a new brew, one that has completely different tasting notes than youre used to, I'd go here! There arent many (if at all) places like this in Edinburgh. I highly recommend it for students and locals to try this place out, .but maybe not the ma and pa (too grungy?) They have a wide range of beers for everyone. Some who enjoy the classic blondes, or the darker richer ales. The brand is unique. The overall experience of the bar is not just the atmosphere, its trying a new brew! The interior has a cool vibe, and they have board games in the corner you can use! How amazing is that!?! (game of checkers anyone?) I'd only say my only downpoint is that if you don't love brewdog beer there aren't as many other selections to choose from as an alternative as you'd find in most bars. Also, the toilets are really bad. I know were in the Cowgate, but if they put some time into them that would make the place that much better!!
3	Dear BrewdogI realise at this early juncture in our fledgling relationship, that we barely know one another. After being introduced through a mutual acquaintance I think we can both be honest in saying... there was a spark.You know how it goes, one thing leading to the next. But how long could we keep telling ourselves they were merely chance encounters? When we both knew at some point, sooner rather than later, we would "bump into one another", as they say.It's been fun so far, not taking each other too seriously; me with my ascots and Game of Thrones obsessions, you with your "unofficial" cola (still love that!) and your Tokyos... okay so that last one IS a little serious, and I prmise not to mention Godzilla again! I suppose what I'm trying to say is we have to start taking ourselves seriously if this relationship is going to develop. And with that I need to get something off my chest....Please, please, PLEASE expand your drinks range!I knew what you were coming into this and I will never begrudge you that, your warm and social atmosphere had me at "hello", but meet me halfway and lose the stubbornness. Yes, you specialize in beer; no, this does not mean that has to be exclusive. Get yourself a set of optics and play some jazz with the mixers. If you've got room for some cheese and some cold meats, you've got room for a bottle of Jack or two. At the moment this relationship seems a little one-sided, and I haven't complained so far, even making do with your substitute bourbon and "cola", but enough's enough.I want to spend more time with you, we had a good thing for a while there, but if you can't change your ways, I'm afraid you leave me no choice and I fear we are like to grow apart.I'd like to say "it's not you, it's me".... but I can't. That would be a lie. But what I will say is this:Get some ruddy spirits!Til we meet again...Sincerely,JOE.
5	I love heading along to this place. Sure it helps that I love beer, but it also helps that the staff are great, the selection is incredible and the food is amazing as well.I spend too much time here so am probably biased but in general whether in a big group or even on your own it's a great place to hang out. Recommend first timers start on a punk IPA to get themselves used to the very hoppy taste. After that move onto something a little different - ask the bar staff for a taste of something that you like the sound of or just tell them what you usually like and they'll suggest something.All in all a great atmosphere, fantastic staff, and an excellent drinking hole.
4	I was happy when I heard Brew Dog were to open a bar in Edinburgh and now I have a good few visits under my belt, I am convinced that the novelty isn't likely to wear off any time soon and that we have a truly great little bar in the heart of town.There is something written on the wall as you come in that states something along the lines of "No Football! No shots! No Stella!" and that sums it up pretty well.  No football, and therefore no football nutters, you are there to enjoy the beer and that chat, if you dont want that - go elsewhere.  No shots, no stella - its not a place for drinking like a tit, its about quality alcohol.  With a wide range of bottles and drafts, there is likely something for everyone.For people that think you don't like beer, theres a good chance these guys could find something that will change your mind.  These exceptionally well trained staff can help you find exactly what you are looking for and will offer tasters if you want to try one of the draft beers.  The cost of a normal pint is slightly below the average, but they do their speciality beers which go up in price massively (but so does the ABV!!)All a bar, its great, comfy, modern but not "shiny" and prestigious.  Not huge, but a really great atmosphere and very welcoming.  Decent background music too.Going back to the non-pretentious comment, that applies to the staff too.  Although they are beer experts, they are not beer snobs and if like me, you enjoy real beer but don't know anything about it, they seem to enjoy educating you, not judging you and there is no way you are likely to feel out of place.The menu, while minimal, is great with really tasty freshly made pizzas, burgers and cheese boards at very reasonable prices.Brewdog are genuinely impressive at creating a buzz and i'm sure their story will be a case-study in marketing one day, and while some may dismiss what they do as gimmicky, I applaud their approach to doing something different, breaking the mould and giving us this great little bar, with great beer and great pizza.
4	I'm not overly keen on the location, but the beer's great and the food's not too bad either. If you look confused at the menu the nice people will give you a couple of tasters to help make up your mind.  I'm not completely sold on the idea of drinking 40% proof beer from a stuffed squirrel, but the pint I opted for was smooth and refreshing and came in a manly glass. Grrr....
5	I don't like to brag... actually, I totally like to brag... and next to Colorado, New England has got to be the best place for some serious microbrewage action. So, I know what I want in a brewery:  I want:Allusion to the idea of me hooking up with a bartender (in WRITING).A selection of beers that I can taste first! A staff member that will entertain my request for something "girly" or "like High Life".Half pints (just in case I hate it).Full pints (just in case I love it). Clever names for the beers, so I can rely on that to choose (like with wine labels).A chilled atmosphere where I can get in a word edgewise while trying to hook up with said bartender (no one specific, just the option being there is nice)Things I didn't KNOW I wanted... but BrewDog has:Other beers (I always go back to the BrewDog ones... but this place had STONE IPA!)People I don't hate. Most people bug me when they exist... not true about BrewDog patrons. Beer all night (usually I bitch and complain that I'm bloated after two... but not here... I am bloated but I won't bitch cause they taste.so.good). BrewDog, I have long relinquished the Long Trail crown to Brooklyn Brewery... but before I leave for Boston again... I suspect you'll have my heart.
4	BrewDog is real ale without the normally associated image, rather than old and stuffy everything is modern. I like real ale and like the more traditional pub, BrewDog though is more akin to a funky wine bar, but they serve beer, really good beer.Their own beers do tend to be hoppy, but are tasty  - Punk IPA and Trashy Blonde being standard tipples of mine, though I occasionally go for the Hardcore IPA (tasty but 9.2%) if I only intend to have a few drinks.Being a brewers pub it is nice to see them supporting other micro-brewers, normally having 3 or 4 guest beers on tap generally all good beers.BrewDog sells beer and focusses on that, some of those beers are really silly (double figures % values) but don't go expecting a "normal" pub (much better than that), these folk treat beer as a craft and the beer is the focus.Real beer, done right - recommended!
4	I was rather excited upon learning that my hotel just happened to be located within very easy walking distance of the BrewDog Bar.  I'd had a few at home in Texas and had read about some of their more creative offerings like Tactical Nuclear Penguin.  So, I naturally put this on my list of things to do.I stopped in on a Friday night so it was of course busy.  I got the feeling this was a student hang out.  None of this bothered me though.  I was on a mission to try as many of their beers here as I could before stumbling back to my hotel.  The bartenders were friendly and helpful in their descriptions of the beers.  Despite the crowd, they had enough people working behind the bar to prevent a long wait.The bar itself had a casual almost coffee shop feel to it with low overstuffed couches along one wall and coffee tables in addition to the taller tables and chairs.  The BrewDog attitude was very much in evidence with their humorous signs regarding the proper behavior while enjoying their beers.  The atmosphere is comfortable but I knew what I was headed for.  If you're wanting a nice sit down dinner, go to a restaurant.  Leave this for the after dinner treat. Their beers...oh their beers.  So being a North American, I'm used to super hopped beer. In general in the UK, I found that even if the beer is labeled an IPA it's not going to come close in hoppiness to one of our Pale Ales let alone one of our crazed IPAs.  This wasn't really a bother for me but if you're missing your hops, you'll find them here with some of their offerings.  I won't make this too long with all the beers I sampled but let me tell you right now their Paradox Jura is on and oh my...  That may be the brew love of my life.  I never found anything on their site but did find other references to them aging this beer in scotch whisky barrels which is something BrewDog likes to do (good on them too!).  I went back 2 other times for this beer on my trip-yes it's THAT good.If you're a beer fan you should consider stopping in.  If you're visiting from my continent and are a fan of Rogue, Stone or Dogfish Head breweries, you should run here immediately upon your arrival.  I'm confident you'll be thanking me.
4	After leaving our meeting pub on my friend's Stag night in Edinburgh, most people needed to check in, and since the other half and I came up the night before, we were tasked to find the next pub. The only thing we were told, "Make sure it has a lot of ales".So we quested. We asked Yelp. We walked into places, but nothing seemed right. I finally found BrewDog on Yelp, and it sounded like it had potential. When the two of us walked in, we realized we had found the place for our before dinner drinks. We let them know where it was (with specific instructions that the street it was on was a full level below Bridge, so don't try to take Bridge, which they did causing them to take ages to find it, plus Google maps seems to have the location down the street, closer to the bridge), and we settled in to try some beer. My first impression was that it was crowded but not too crowded that we couldn't fit 11 people around. Luckily, right before the rest of the group showed up, the people at the couch in the corner left, so we snuck in to steal the area before anyone else did. It's a bit more trendy and modern than most British pubs seem to be, which was nice for a group of mostly young guys. They all were really happy that we found the place.The beers. Well they were tasty, but a bit overwhelming on the palate. Mostly due to the overabundance of hops in all the beers (from the BrewDog beers to the guest beers, they all seemed this way). Because of that, there's definitely an American feeling to the beers, much like how Rogue brewery in the US overhops their beers. The difference? American hops are a bit more harsh and perfume-y than British hops, so while it wasn't my style of choice, the beer was tasty. It didn't go down quickly, as all the beer there is quite high in alcohol content. The lowest was under 5%, but just barely--squeaking in at a 4.9%. They serve smaller sizes of beer as you go up in alcohol.The 5% beers were standard in pints, go up to 7%, and it's a 2/3 pint. My first beers, the Yin and Yang guest ales broke in at a higher than usual 10%, and were served in 1/3 pint sizes. (Also, one was an amber, one was a stout. You drink half of each then mix together, which made for interesting beer drinking). Of course, if you get the Tactical Nuclear Penguin (coming in at a whopping 38%), it comes in about 10 mL servings. It's like beer liquor. It was a great vibe, and quite a bit of fun. About six of us broke out the Jenga (as there is a good selection of board games, well so-so selection, as Monopoly should never be included in a good selection), and we played a few rounds which many of the barstaff and patrons were quite happy to watch. We didn't have any food, but the pizza choices looked very interesting, and I saw some meat and cheese platters come out and they looked amazing.All in all, a good time was had, and I would not turn down a trip to another BrewDog (which the closest is in Camden, so a much easier trip). If you don't like American style beers or establishments, this place might not be for you.
4	There is nothing I like more than backing local businesses and BrewDog is one that I support most often.  What a pleasure to drink fresh, natural beer that actually tastes of something and not just p'water.  BrewDog bar is the place to go if you want to try this beer for the first time.  It is a down to earth bar with a great atmosphere and good place to meet fellow beer lovers.Head on down to BrewDog and work your way through their product menu.  I particularly recommend Trashy Blond, Punk IPA and if you want a challenge then why not try the Sink The Bismarck! which is a whopping 41%?!?!?!
4	Nice to get a good craft brew while on vacation. They had a mediocre selection of craft brews from the states but it's all about their own beer. Punk IPa and 5 AM are top notch  As an american Hop enthusiast and spending two weeks On vacation It was quite a treat to find an IPA comparable to the ones I love in the states. Hope to see more of these outfits pop up in the UK as craft brew is the way to go.
5	BrewDog rawks hard. My favorite beer is their Punk IPA, which you can also buy in the grocery stores. They serve a wide variety of their own excellent fresh beer along with a selection of other breweries' offerings. The servers are friendly and can talk beer with the best of them i.e., my darling who is an amazing brewer in his own right. There's one comfy seating area with couches, a wooden pallet table and board games. Stools and low tables are available -- bare bones but nobody cares. I confess, I've never eaten there but they do offer tidbits to help soak up some of their delish beer. Highly recommended!
3	Really crowded on a Saturday night. It is a bit of an American style beer place with funky strong flavors and high proof beers. Not a Belhaven or Guinness to be seen in this place and that's quite a good thing. From our perspective as visitors from the US, Brewdog definitely stand up to their counterparts stateside in inventive beers (think: Russian River, Rogue, Lost Abbey, and Stone breweries.)However sometimes they go too far and we had a half a pint of a beer that tasted like carbonated soy sauce. I gave a sip to someone who had tried that beer before and he said it tasted rather off. The bartender would not agree and refused to replace it. Which is fine, I ordered it, but it's still an unfortunate thing.I would not order the food as it seems rather an afterthought compared to brewing good beer.
5	I'm a bit of a brewery hopper, though most of my experience is in the United States. This isn't the actual brewery but is a VERY fun little bar that has all of Brewdog's beers. They brew a lot of American style IPAs, which are packed with hops, and American Pale Ales, which for me is great since that's what I'm used to and enjoy.The location is a little confusing to get to if you're a tourist, and you may cross over the street a few times before realizing how to get down to the pub, but it's worth the wait! The atmosphere is great in the evening, and everyone is extremely friendly. If they have it, you have to try Sink the Bismarck! The strongest beer on Earth at 41% alcohol. It's not as scary as you imagine, and after waiting for a good long time to get my hands on it, I was supremely satisfied.
4	A Brewer's delight Small, Cozy, plenty of great brewsgrowlers to go, yay!
5	I love what BrewDgog stands for! It is an amazing Scottish business that started small and has done really well very quickly, both because of its quality brews and because of what it stands for. I love that BrewDog is all about being unique and being themselves by brewing all told crazy types of beer, and they are all about trying new things and revolutionizing the British (and world) pub culture by providing quality craft beer. They focus on providing us with crazy, cool, and ever-changing selections of beers on tap and in the bottle. This is definitely my style rather than flavor-less beer for the effect and not the experience.The BrewDog Edinburgh pub is cosy and the staff are super friendly and helpful, providing los of tasters to help you sample and make decisions on what to try next. I also think that it is totally awesome that they actually have a whole stack of games to play! How fun!For those who are not fully into beer, the downside is that the cider selection is small (and no ciders on tap) and there are just a few wines usually. They do have some innovative beer cocktails that I'd really like to try, too, along with their constantly-changing beer list.
5	The search is over.  The best beer in the UK is in Scotland. Who knew!I live in San Diego which is a major beer town filled to brim with breweries.  You can't drive 5 miles without passing near one.  Rated #1 in the States.  Basically the craft beer capital of the world.  Kind of a big deal.  Point being, I'm spoiled rotten when it comes to great beer.  It's local and accessible.  Moreover it's the norm.  I'm not use to drinking shitty watery "what are hops?" pub ales like most of you blokes.  But BrewDog!  Who do these guys think they are?!!!  Their beer is...INCREDIBLE!  INVENTIVE!  And BATSHIT INSANE in the best way possible!  They are mad!   And all in a land where beer of this caliber is non-existent!  INCONCEIVABLE!  It's criminal to remain a UK-only curiosity.  The truth is BrewDog would stand out in any town, not just in the UK.  Please expand!  Please do!  Make haste!  (Send me a CASE!)-Hardcore IPA = ONE OF THE BEST IPAs EVER MADE BY MORTAL MEN.  Congrats.-Tactical Nuclear Penguin and Sink the Bismark.  Among the worlds strongest beer ever produced.  This super concentrated beer (freeze distillation!)  has an ABV as high as 41%...HOLY CATS!  -Beer cocktails?  Yup!  The Hardcore Zombie was quite enjoyable.  Would drink again.Here I was about to lose all hope of finding good beer in the UK until I stumbled into this bar.  Except you guys make great beer.  Thank you! P.S.  Props on The San Diego Scotch Ale co-lab with Ballast Point!  Was a wee bit expensive else I would have tried it.  (I fail)
5	Brewdog is great, hands down one of the best bars in Edinburgh for anyone who is passionate about beer.The bar is fairly new (opened in 2011) with quite an industrial feel to the decor, lots of hip people hang out here as well as beer geeks like me.They usually have 8 beers on tap (or is it 10?), half of them Brewdog beers, half of them guest beers from other find craft breweries all over the world. As well as tap beers they have a good selection of bottled beers, Brewdog's own as well as top notch offerings from America, Sweden, Belgium and Japan.Really love these Brewdog offerings:5AM SaintHardcore IPA,Dogma,Rip Tide,Tokyo.For guest/bottle beers try anything by Baird Brewing (American/Japanese couple's small craft brewery in Japan), Stone Brewing (USA) and Hitachinoko (Japan) as well as Mikellor) and you'll be in for a treat.Also recommend you try some barely wine (Mikellor I think is the brewer) and the food is also pretty tasty. Pizza and beer, nice.
5	I went on BrewDog Beer Tasting / Sampling and boy did I come out plastered. They have such a variety of home microbrewed beers that I cannot start to explain all this. But  be assured you will not taste beer like this outside of BrewDog. They are very soon opening their OWN bar in Stockholm, according Mark - who was our BrewDog Ambassador for the evening. He introduced us to the world of crafting artisan beers. (And associated marketing) - which sells more  in Sweden than in the home country of Scotland! (strange but true factWe were offered a selection of 6 ales, beers. from 4.8 to 18.1 ABV. "Tactical Nuclear Penguin" is my favourite. I must try "Sinking the Bismarck" - which was a result of a 'nuclear' beer arms race between Scotland and Germany. ooh too many good falvours and tastes and stories.. I can only advise you go there and ask the staff about the history and they will be happy to tell you!. We shall return!
4	I have to admit that this one is a little far from my usual haunts, but when I'm around this part of town, I make a beeline for here.The atmosphere is really friendly so it makes a perfect hangout for first timers to the city. It gets a little busy which can make it feel pretty crowded as its not the biggest of venues.What I really like about brewdog is that it makes the perfect hangout for a Sunday afternoon. There's free wifi and board games to keep you busy.So what of the beer then? Well the taste ranges from very hopsy to smooth and delicate. The great thing is you can have a taste before signing up to a pint, so it's perfect for those of us who are afraid of commitment, who isn't right?One star down as it can be pretty crowded, with no hope in heck for a seat.So in short, the perfect place to chill on a Sunday, or a great start to your introduction to this fair city of ours!
5	I haven't reviewed Brewdog?!?! Are you freaking kidding me?!?!? I spend all my spare time, and any spare dimes I have in this place. (And by dimes, I mean pennies. Not the tasty, almondy, chocolatey treat..... although I do have a habit of bribing the staff with cake.)The beer is uuuuber yummy. Always good choices on the Brewdog Taps and the guest ones too. Tempest and Mikkeller are always going to be winners with me.There is always much banter to be had. The staff are awesome, hilarious and know their beer. Pizzas are tasty. This place is 'so punk' I put Glitter on their Birthday cake.....
5	Coming from San Francisco, I'm spoiled by our bounty of excellent local beers.  I stumbled upon Brew Dog while visiting Edinburgh for the first time during Fringe.  Brew Dog is proof-positive that there is hope for high-quality craft beer in the UK and beyond.  Loved the Hardcore IPA (Medicine for HopHeads).  Also really enjoyed a guest-brew of Drop Dead Imperial Stout.  Tasted several others, including the Punk IPA and a Hef (Vice Bier)  that would be fabulous on a hot day.  (Does it ever get hot in Edinburgh?)  If you love interesting well-made beer and a friendly environment, this is a must-visit place.  My only complaint...the bar stools are too short.  Oh yeah, and the WiFi is terrible.
4	I like beer, but I've realised I'm far from any kind of connoisseur on the matter. In fact I tend to like the light beers, and Guinness, and that's about it. Still though this bar is pretty cool, and it has a wide range of their own brand beers that you're allowed to sample to see what you like, and they do pizza which I've yet to try! The bar has a good mix of tourists and locals alike. My only minor complaint is the female bathrooms are a bit squished when there's more than two people waiting in the queue, but I'd get over that.
4	Long overdue yelp review but maybe now it can be a little more impartial, Nice beer friendly staff, Cheese and meat board is always good with a nice beer. Haven't tried the latest pizza offerings but I'm sure they will still be good.Was in with a BrewDog virgin so asked the staff for a taste of a couple of beers no problem as you'd expect,  I went for the misspent youth a very nice little number while he went for the big hoppy jack hammer. We enjoyed our beers in the much improved outdoor seating area as there was no free booths inside; I feel getting rid of the old seat  completely may of lower the capacity of the place and if your not in early enough to get a seat you may leave after a couple; there's nowhere to rest your pint.The only other sad note was the bare looking fridges the guest bottles choice was rather bare and the row above the back bar was just teasing me with beers they no longer had in stock.All in all I will be back as often as the student budget allows.
4	I wouldn't say calling in at 1130pm on my way home last night was one of my best decisions but it was definitely up there as one of them!Brewdog is a small chain but one which beats to an ultra independent and 'them and us' attitude when it comes to taking on the generic and bland pubs of the high street. If the truth be told, I've started to get a little bored of their core range of beers and prefer to go for something a little bit limited release (Brewdog are the masters of brewing tons of random brews each year - each with mixed results) or treat myself to one of their many guest bottles from either home or abroad (mainly USA craft)Last night I enjoyed some Bear republic and I'd highly recommend trying anything from this brewery. The vibe at this time of night was what you'd call relaxed but with an edge. The clientele was mid 20's to 50's - with everyone quaffing while listening to some quality LCD soundsystem pumping out of the speakers - this for me was the highlight as I love a good place that gets the music loud enough that you can really feel it, but then still is just right to chat with your pal. The Edinburgh bar is one of my fave brewdogs in UK - the only thing that let's it down is the quite rancid toilets which are like something from a small and pokey local train - with a smell to match! Go here for good beer and good vibes - it's as simple as that
5	This place was hands down the best bar I went to in the UK. The beer selection was great and the bartender was very knowledgeable. Ended up giving us the equivalent of a flight in samples before we choose our beers. The craft brews were exactly that - carefully crafted. Great flavour. I tend to like darker brews - porters and stouts - but even their light varieties had great taste. Just wish I had more time to come back and sample their seasonals!
5	This is a place for beer lovers - they have an amazing, always changing list (according to what they've been brewing up, ex. the IPA is Dead set which plays with single-hops so you can really taste the flavor of each one). Guys behind the bar, naturally, are super knowledgeable beer geeks. They also have some guest drafts from other breweries they  admire. The place is lively (though competitive! jump on that booth as soon as you see someone make a motion for their bag) and there are boardgames galore to play. What's not to love?
4	This place is heaven for someone who loves beer - but stay away from the food. We tried their pizza (spicy monster) and it was awful. It seemed like the pizza dough/base was the kind you buy from the frozen section at the super market. Brewdog, you can do better or scrap the pizzas all together!The place was not too busy even though it was a saturday night. We got a booth pretty quick. The staff is nice and helpful. Good place to try some various yummy beers!
4	I've always been fond of Brewdog bars and their Edinburgh bars is a must-visit whenever I'm in the capital! As always with Brewdog, they have a great selection of their own beers; there's something for everyone to try beer-wise but there's also a decent selection of other alcohol and soft drinks if beer isn't your thing. The Edinburgh bar in particular has added some great booths, a lot more comfy than their previous set-up. The day we were in it was particularly busy since there was a food festival on next door, but Brewdog had its own foodie event in the form of Louise Campbell, an Edinburgh baker who makes Brewdog inspired cupcakes. If you can track Louise Campbell down, get some of her cakes because they are amazing! My only concern in Brewdog Edinburgh was the staff. They were doing their best with the busy crowds but I kinda felt their service was a little lacklustre. They seemed more concerned with chatting to their mates who were in than serving or advising punters. Not something that would put me off since I enjoy their beers so much but meh!Great bar, customer service needs a little work and definitely get hold of some Louise Campbell cupcakes if you can!
4	Very cool in principle, but they have a few kinks to work out. We asked for a couple things they were out of, or weren't available while we were there. Brevity is usually the best policy , however this was too extreme. There were about four choices of food items on the menu, 5 or 6 would have been enough. Their one really truly redeeming quality was almost continuous stream of Bob Dylan music.
3	The Edinburgh branch of the BrewDog phenomenon is tucked away in Cowgate, not the easiest of places to find, and perhaps not the best location it could be in - compare the view from the windows here to the view from the Glasgow branch, for example.Thankfully, the inside is a different story. It's bright, it's laid out with a couple of couches, some benches and some booths to sit down and pass the day sampling the wares of a quality brewer.If you're lucky, there will be some special in house brews on offer. I sample as fresh, hand made Ginger Beer Punk IPA crossover that deserves to be sold full time. Check with the ever helpful staff behind the bar for the day's specials, and other useful info.If I had to choose, I'd choose Glasgow - but this isn't a bad substitute at all.
4	An excellent beer selection on hand with a comfortably casual atmosphere. We were given samples of the things we were curious about, and the beers that we each selected were DELICIOUS--I had a porter, and my friend had a surprisingly good red, which we followed up by some kind of wicked 10% ABV that was decadently sweet and flavorful.It was a wee bit crowded even for a Thursday night, so I imagine this place is slammed on weekends. Regardless, if you're looking for a good place to enjoy a beer after a long day, or are meeting up with friends, I could see this being an ideal place to go. Not only that, but they had some excellent songs playing in the background... think Modest Mouse and the like. Suited me just fine!Also, we didn't order any food, but based on the absolutely delicious food aromas wafting around, I'd like to give that a go in the future. The pizza smelled absolutely incredible!
4	Nice enough bar, I come here if I'm near by during the day and feel like a quiet pint as it's never too busy during the day and has booths so you don't feel like a tool if you're on your own. Not too keen on the design, it's modern industrial which I find a bit cold and soulless but hey, it's interesting to have an alternative to the traditional pub style. (and I only go there during the day, I'm sure there's more life to it at night and on the weekend)The beers are ok, I'm not a huge brewdog fan as I find their beers very hoppy but I do like their porter. Anyway, it's good to have craft breweries and Brewdog is good so on the whole it's a positive review. Though the location's a bit crap, it's in an under pass on the cowgate.Haha, this is meant to be a positive review! The staff are friendly enough.Definitely worth a visit if you're into modern style, craft brewery pubs/bars.
5	A BrewDog is a BrewDog is a BrewDog. Yes and no. BrewDog Edinburgh is the second BrewDog location I've been to. The first being Shepherd's Bush. Yeah, they serve the same - or mostly same - selection of beers but the spaces are different.Shepherd's Bush is busy and it's hard to find a table and people don't seem to ever leave. Edinburgh is a smaller space but it seemed that people rotated in and out. We were there twice on New Years Eve (before and after dinner) and we were able to snag a table on both occasions. And can I tell you how nice it was to be able to sit down and not be crowded and have people breathing down your neck? It was super nice. Also, the bathrooms are pretty good too. Not the best in Edinburgh but they do the trick when in need.We had a variety of beers, one of which was the kriek and it was terrible. Kriek is a cherry beer and one of my favorites when are in Belgium but the kriek I drank at BrewDog was not like the kriek I drink in Belgium. I don't know if this was because they had just changed out the keg and I had the first glass from the keg or what but it was really quite terrible.My husband ordered the "ginger" something-or-other which was actually a cocktail made with ginger beer and real beer and it was super good though not something you'd drink to get completely intoxicated because the alcohol content was quite low.We also consumed our stand-by/regulars, the Punk and Dead Pony. Both were as they should be, Punk and Dead Pony.So, why the five stars if I didn't like the kriek beer I ordered? It's because I like the rotating clientele which keeps things fresh (also a bit more upscale clientele, no totally hammered 18yos), the staff is friendly, the pizza smelled wonderful (kitchen closes at 10pm), and I like many of their other beers, so there.
