1	I have been five times now. Not once have I had a decent meal. So if a friend suggests we go, I will send them on thier way while I go somewhere good.
2	When my parents were separating (well, they still are, except this time all their talking is done through lawyers instead of airborne furniture), my father and I used to come here a lot. Not by choice, mind you. My brothers always had their birthdays at Red Lobster, and so it would have just reminded my dad of all the family time we had, and he'd go crazy again. The same thing happens whenever he hears Christmas music or drives by Cabella's. I wish I was making this up. I really do.The food at McGrath's is pretty mediocre even without my association of shrimp scampi with watching my dad cry and mumble about murdering all of us when we would least expect it that my poor poor brain has developed.The fish is sparse and overpriced, even for a seafood restaurant in a land-locked state. I mean, I might not be a fisherman or anything, but I've seen some on the discovery channel, and salmon are usually bigger than that. And that isn't catfish. I don't care what your "chef" back there says, it's not. It might be someone's cat, but it is definitely not catfish.If Fishermen actually had to subsist on that flavorless tomato puree you call "fishermen's stew" like you claimed they did, there'd be no fishermen. Nor would there be any whalers. And Bob Marley would have never found a backup band.I'm just grateful that my dad ruined this place for me, and not, you know, a real fish house. I would have never recovered.
4	I haven't had seafood in a while and this place really hit the spot.  Salmon tasted great, as well as the clam chowder and the excellent sourdough bread that came with it all.  Good stuff for those looking for some good fish.
2	Went there to meet someone after I've already ate at Olive garden on Sunday (read previous review). It was 7 pm and this place was EMPTY! I was bit surprised. We walked in towards bar area. there were only 2 other people there. We weren't hungry, but I can always eat (as I'm munching on kimchee right now), especially seafood. so I glazed thru their menu. I noticed 'micro brew' in beer section. Since I love beer, I asked if they brew their own (hence, micro-brew...) She pointed out bluemoon, sam adams, and something else... Ummmm, I have never seen any restaurant categorize them as "Micro-Brew" oh well, I got bluemoon. $4.25 for a pint. My friends had ahi-tuna salad. I glazed thru the menu some more for food, but nothing really sounded good... It was a very short trip to the place. Had a beer, and left. by the time we left (8pm) they've already shut down the dinning area. I guess we won't be coming back here anytime soon.
3	We went for happy hour and sat at the bar.  The bartender was slammed with work and getting no support for the longest time.  He finally served us with drinks and took our food order.  The bar was quite busy and the bartender was out of clean glasses and yet the (really weak) manager just cruised thru the bar.  The manager then decided to help out and you could tell the bartender was very thankful.  He told us he was sorry at least ten times during our visit.  The quality of the food was good and we will return.  I do believe this place would be a better place if they replaced the manager.   Poor management!!!!!
4	My wife and I have been coming here since the place opened. Its some what of a chain, but not a very big one. I have definately seen an improvement over the years from when it opened to what it is now. It definatley has gone from bad to good to better. Its a good alternative to Red Lobster. All their specials are fresh, not frozen, and its usually a different special a night. So if you see something on the special menu, make sure to get it because you might never see it again.It can get on the pricey side rather quickly depending on appetizers, main course, alcohol, and desert. We usually run the gambit every time we go there doing a 3 course meal.My wife and I have tried to go a few times in the last couple of weeks on a Thursday or Wednesday and the place is packed, with an over an hour wait. We never had that back in the day. I think this just attests to where it has started at, and where it is has gotten to now working out all the problems. Its not perfect, but the food decent every time we go. I personally think this place is a step up from Red Lobster because of how fresh their fish is.
2	Not the worst place I've ever been but it's absolutely bad.  We had an oyster appetizer which was poorly shucked.  I had a shrimp and crab platter, crap was so so, not a lot of meat in it.  Grilled shrimp was very plain and nothing special, beer battered shrimp was good though I had a side of vegetables which were cold.  My mom was with me and she had the shrimp platter, which includes coconut shrimp which was pretty good, grilled shrimp again not so good.  And a shrimp pasta dish, which had the tails still attached which I've never seen before.  My son had a grilled cheese which came out cold and a side of cold fries.Over all we won't be back it was very disappointing and there are just a lot more options out here that are a lot more satisfying.
4	My family lives about 5 miles from this place.  After moving here several years ago we stumbled on this place looking for a non-chain place (yeah I know it is a semi-chain, but not huge).Since that first time was several years ago, I will not put in a review on that experience (which was 5 stars, easy).We probably go at least once every 2 months, now.  I almost always get the Fisherman's Stew.  L O V E it.  I am not sure what that manic-depressed chick from Cali was talking about in describing it.  I put hot sauce in everything (no offense), so I tried it 'dry' (no hot sauce) and it was good.  However, throw some Chipotle Tabasco in it?  Uh, what?  Crazy g()()d.  I generally get that and either the ahi app or a salad of some sort.  The ahi app is great, the salads are fine.  The bread by the way is excellent.My wife usually gets the Coconut shrimp app as a meal.  Her favorite dish just about anywhere.  My wife and eldest daughter always get the clam chowder.  My daughter says she dreams about it sometimes, and when I mention McGrath's she generally goes nuts and demands we get in the car much faster than we are doing.  I sampled it a few times and it is in my top ten I think.  Good stuff.  She also likes the kid's fettucini alfredo.My son _loves_ the kid's fish n chips.  He usually does not eat fish but he destroys this dish quite quickly.My younger daughter eats a little of everything and never has any issues.The only problem we have ever had here is the service.  Usually it is hit or miss.  I would say 25% of the time we get pretty crappy service.  Generally this means they are quite slow, or keep messing up the order and/or forgetting to bring out something.  It really boggles my mind that this happens.  The last 3 times, for instance, not great service.  By service I mean the waiter/waitress.  The up-front hostesses are effecient.  The one time I sat at the bar she was dang good.Since the food is so dang good though, we will certainly be back.  My kids love coming here, as do we adults.  I cringe when I get certain servers, though......
4	If you're looking for a place to eat fish on the west side, I'd definitely recommend McGrath's.  I've eaten here several times, most recently last week.  My biggest pet peeve about most fish served in restaurants is that it's overcooked, but McGraths's fish is always moist and fresh tasting.  I'm counting calories, and they offered the veggies and potatoes "naked", without any sauce, but still very good.  The wine selection isn't very extensive, but I'd say that was my only complaint.  Just remember this is the desert, and keep the expectations realistic.
4	Over the years, McGrath's has been hit or miss for me, more hit than miss....but last night was a home run.  We had a party of 10, mom was taking the whole family out on the last night we were all in town for the holidays and she is a fish fanatic.  We had a very motivated and attentive waiter (Aaron) who got all of our special orders correct and did a bang up job.  Two in the party were little kids and the menu was exceptionally kid-friendly.  Everything you can imagine from a fish house was offered and each meal we chose was unique, fresh and delicious.  I believe that if you are in the mood for fish and stuck in the desert, this is a great place to visit, you will not be disappointed!!
1	The fish was gross and the service was aweful :( we were really looking forward to going and were so disappointed with the outcome :( Looked and tasted like it was from the freezer section in the market, and our waitress was the absolute worst. Will never, ever go back
3	We have been passing by this place for years.  We always mentioned we will stop in to try the food one day.  Well after 4 years the day finally came.  My hubby whipped into the parking lot with a sharp right turn.  I guess he was that hungry or really wanting to try this place?We got there at one of those in between times 3:45pm, so the place was dead.  I do not care as long as the food and service is good.  We were greeted and seated pretty quickly.  Cool!  The server was good and ok.  We were always checked on and drinks were always full but she did not have any emotions.  Not sure if she did not want to be there or what??We ordered:Half dozen of the blue point shucked oysters on the half shell - Ok, a little too sandySesame chicken tenders appetizer (Freshly breaded and served with our Homemade Honey Mustard Sauce) - This was surprising very good.Lunch portion of the Sesame Ahi (Sashimi grade Ahi Tuna coated with black and white sesame seeds, seared medium rare with a ponzu sauce. Served with Garden Salad, fresh vegetables, and red potatoes) - My hubby said this was very very good.  The Ahi was dead on.  I will be coming back to try the other items on the menu.  I think the place is ok, I do not love it yet.
4	I've been here about 5 times, and I have been pleased almost without exception for every visit. The daily specials are very fresh and usually enticing, and their regular menu is fairly diverse. I had Gulf oysters as an appetizer, and although they're a bit pricey and small, they tasted fresh. (Be prepared to make your own coctail sauce.)  I've had a seared tuna dish that didn't impress me much, but I've been very pleased with the salmon, flounder, crab cakes and other fish dinners. Everything tasted fresh. It's an amazing bargain... these entrees are very good dinners at the Chili's/Applebees price range. Kid's menu is extensive and affordable. I recommend it as an affordable dinner.
1	This restaurant is CLOSED...FINALLY
3	I was invited back after my previous review and we went back (before my wonderful return to vegetarianism) and it was better.  Service was friendly food was decent.  It is what it is for sure you're not getting super fresh but at least this time it was prepared well and the service was A LOT better.  I won't be returning because they're without a single vegetarian option but for those in desperate need of a seafood fix I'd check it out just keep your expectations in check.
4	I am so sad to learn that the place is now closed.  I loved it!  Luckily, I had the chance to go there about 3 weeks ago and enjoyed an awesome lunch with a friend and we were there for 3 1/2 hours and they never tried to kick us out.  (it wasn't busy or anything so that always helps).  I'll have to find the next closest one.
