2	What can I say about Circle K? Well, first of all, no gas here. Secondly, it is the same as any other Circle K - ice, booze, gum, and soda. I normally go to QT but unfortunately my brother's car was towed while partying in Scottsdale so we had to walk to the nearest ATM, which was at Circle K. On a side note - the lot looks like it's had better days... for being in Scottsdale I figured it wouldn't look like it had 28 cars leaking oil on it.2-stars because it doesn't have gas and QT is far superior.
2	Close to my house, go there to pay my electric bill and get coffee each morning. used to go for more because the employees WERE awesome, however, read below:I was buying cigs from the new manager (new as of about a couple months ago) and the customer behind me told me a cheaper place to purchase cigs down the street. this manager's tone was soo rude when he said, "are you trying to send my customers away?" the person said, "no, just saying where to get cheaper cigs. besides, one of your employees told me about it". then the manager said, "which employee? because I'll fire them. that is taking my customer's away." now, i understand the manager's need to keep customer's repeat business, but he could of handled it another way. starting with his tone and he could of chose different words to say. it was so uncomfortable because of the manager. i just paid and left without saying anything. this manager is not friendly & ever since he came aboard this circle k, I've seen the cheeriness of the employees go away. they still say good morning,etc, when walking in the door, but the warm, friendly, "small-town" feeling is gone. the tension is hanging in the air, especially when he is there.it's so sad to see that go away, even sadder that a manager is not motivating employees to make the environment comfortable for customers. finding that warm, inviting, small-town feeling is so very rare living in a big city like Scottsdale.
3	Circle K, for the most part, sucks. It's supposed to suck. It's a gas station. I find myself gazing lovingly at the liquor section for way too long. Then I take a glance at the subpar collection of gummy worms and energy drinks, scoff, and leave. No one wants to eat that shit.
4	I occasionally indulge my sugar cravings with a super giant Polar Pop Slushie. Therefore I am a fan of Circle K. To me an awesome Circle K has at least 6 slush flavor options to choose from and at least 2 caffine free options. From the outside and odd location, this place doesn't look like much. However, it surprised my by being so clean and very well organized. The soda fountain area had tons of choices and was spotless. The two employees there at the time seemed happy to be there and were friendly too. Since it is a bit colder now, I will have to return to check out their coffee/cocoa station.
