2	While there were about three customers being tended to when I arrived, business had slowed down quite a bit that there was only one woman waiting for her nails to dry by the time my nail artist finished with my pedicure and massage and started on the manicure aspect.  I thought that $28 for a mani/pedi was a great find (we normally make the haul to Ahwatukee for these services for $36), but I had to wonder if the foot spa had been cleaned before I stepped into it (I was hesitant to feel the walls of the spa with my feet, but did it anyway.... not too grimy, that's good).  I also noticed that the work stations needed paint jobs (better yet, just replace with new tables and new foot spas!)  I found it a little disconcerting that Hanha (pronounced hen-eh) had to stop working on me at least twice so that she could tend the register.  There were other nail artists around.My manicure isn't top-notch (she missed quite a few spots), and the salon needs a better-moisturizing lotion, bec. my heels and fingers looked dry, but I've needed to have the service done for over two months now, and for $28 I really can't complain too much.  If I didn't need to be somewhere soon after, I would've asked her to go over a few spots, and I'm sure she'd have obliged.  I was going to say that I'd be willing to go back again and give K Desert another try, but thinking it over, I don't think I'd want my legs stewing in those black-veined white-walled foot spas anytime soon!
5	Great, low priced services. I recently moved to the Bay Area California and everytime I come back to AZ I make it a priority to come to K Desert Nails. The eyebrow waxing is GREAT...I have many friends that get their brows done here and all are happy. I also LOVE the pedicures because they rub on your legs for like a half hour...totally worth it! As for the other ladies that wrote reviews....for such a low priced place you are being way too picky, and if you are not happy with something you can always tell them and they will fix it. The place is clean and the service is great!
3	I have been getting my eyebrows waxed here off and on for about six years.  I like my eyebrows to be a little bit thicker, so I always gently remind her not to take off too much.  Don't go there for the "experience", because trust me you won't get that here.  Its pretty much in the door, rip rip, pay and done.  Ok, maybe "rip" isn't the best word choice, but you get the idea.  Their mani/pedi have room for improvement, but for the price you can't really complain.
1	Alright, so i'm walking home from campus, and i decided to reward myself with a little manicure. I love getting colored acrylic tips, so i was delighted when she had the pink nails. They were nice enough when i first came in and i sat down with the lady who started my nails. About 5 minutes in she gets up and rudely tells me to go to another persons desk. So she starts gluing the tips on and she gets super glue all over my nails, AND APPLYS THEM CROOKED. I was like... uhm, that middle ones on crooked, and she replied "No, its not." She didnt even take in my critique and just kept going when the nail was OBVIOUSLY on wrong. Not only that, but when she was filing down my nails and shaping them, it freakin hurt. My cuticles started to bleed! Literally, the next day my hands were sore. It was by far the worst experience i have ever had at a nail
3	So I called ahead of time to see if i needed to make an appointment, the lady that i spoke to said to just come in. I go in and there are only 2 ladies working and one man tending the cash register. The man starts filing down my nails so i can get the white acrylic tips then he leaves. This asian lady comes and glues on the tips, cuts them, and adds the acrylic and leaves. The guy comes back and buffs and add the top coat on. I would rather just have one person doing my nails throughout the whole time. but for $25 they did a good job and i cant complain.
3	Went in yesterday with a few girls to get prepped for a wedding. It was my first manipedi in FOREVER, so I really would have been pleased with anything, as long as they didn't rip my nails off. Anyways, I was pretty pleased with my experience, and even ended up getting my brows waxed when I was in, though two of the girls had some issues with their acrylics they had done. Shortly after leaving, there were some scuffs on my toe polish, and I can't have that since I'm wearing heels for this wedding. So I'll go in tomorrow and see how they deal with that. Would I come back otherwise? Meh, not sure. But for $38, it definitely wasn't bad.
3	I got an eyebrow and upper lip wax a few months ago. I came in thinking ok this is going to take 5 minutes. The lady gave like a face massage. Which was nice, and took her time. Which normally would be amazing but I was running late to meet a friend. Might come back again.
