5	I finally made it down here for drinks and dinner, and it was fantastic!I had worked with the owner for a year, as he wrote out monthly wine column, and had always heard good things about this location, and their downtown Chandler sister restuarant, 98 South.If i had to compare it to anything, it would be Caffe Boa, hands down, by way of atmosphere, food syle and prices.It's pretty small, located in a strip mall just east of the I-10 on Ray (It's like a mecca of suburban snobbery, with an AJs, a Talbots, etc- this place is on the side that faces east).They don't serve dinner menu items until 5 p.m., so to pass the time, Mom and i had drinks at the bar, where you could take advantage of HH specials (even run them on saturday, sweet). i hate when restaurants only offer discounts at the bar, p.s. i'm sure there's a very good reason for it, but it's lame.anyway, i had a glass of fume blanc (it was way too hot for red wine) at half the price and mom had one the best mojitos i have ever tasted. which is saying a lot because i hate rum, and not really into mojitos, but this one was fantastic. we also had their roasted veggies and hummus app for half price. it came with not enough: hummus or veggies - apps are usually shared and there was only one of each kind of veggie; mom and i had to bargain "you get the carrot and i'll take the squash." but the hummus and tsaziki (i have no idea if i'm spelling that right) was excellent.ok, 5 p.m. arrived and mom and i moved to the only tall dinind area table - i love a tall table. i had the seared scallops and risotta with a side mac and cheese, mom had the fillet that came with bleu cheese and a balsamic dressing. mine was $26, mom's was probably $28. all in all, it was over a $100 for two meals and five drinks, but the scallops were unbelievable and the steak was everything you would want. mom loved it, and so did i. was the perfect special occasion meal for mother's day!
1	I no like.I thought the atmosphere was awful.  Too bright and hospital like for my tastes.I thought the staff was incredibly snotty, inept and downright rude.I thought the wine selection left a lot to be desired.It was cheap because it was happy hour.  We got the cheese plate only to discover that the cheeses were from Trader Joes cheese section, and were rather... commercial and blahIt also came with sliced pepperoni.  Pepperoni?  Really?I just didn't like it.Which is truly a shame, because I was hoping it could become my new wine happy hour staple.   But alas, I'll keep searching....
5	I have been to 56 East Bar and Kitchen a handful of times and always have a very nice time.  Corey, the bartender, is very attentive to everyone.  He made great suggestions on menu selections.  Honestly, I never would have ordered what I did but he explained what the item was and I tried it.  It was a pizza with egg on top.   Sounds awful, I know,  BUT it was awesome.    We all loved the  food.   We could actually talk to each other and carry on a conversation.   So many places are too noisy.    I really like 56 when they can open the window behind the bar.   My only suggestion might be to find a way to have some plants behind the patio to block the view of the parking lot.This is a real review of a place I have actually been to!
3	I went to dinner here for the first time because I heard great things about this place. After dining here, I realize people go here for the ambience not the food. It's a nice little locally owned pub/cafe.  The service was excellent and our waitress was very nice and pleasant. The food on the other hand was extremely overpriced, contained small portions and lacked flavor in general.  The food wasn't bad mind you but it just lacked flavor and that special umph to make you want to return.  It certainly didn't warrant its prices. Im not cheap. I'm more than happy to pay over a $100 a meal if the food is worth it but when you get Cheesecake factory quality food that is prices 3 times that amount, ...well you get the picture.  I ordered fish and chips and the fish contained two small fried hallibut chunks.  My wife ordered one of the pizzas. The waitress came back and said they didn't have dough ready and that they could make it on "french bread".  They ended serving my wife brucheta with melted mozzarela.  Yes, it was pathetic. We complained to the waitress and they did nothing to take the item off the bill.  My wife and I decided not to make an issue of it because we will likely go back there to have a drink and relax as it has a nice environment but we will clearly not order dinner there as it extremely lackluster.  The duck tasted moist but unseasoned.  The key lime pie was too tart and had a strange aftertaste. The Asian-Cuban appetizer was one egg roll split in half with some beef on the side.  I don't know what they were going for there.  Again, this restaurant is designed to be an upscale hangout for the local Ahwautukee and Chandler 40-50 crowd as opposed to offering great cuisine. I wouldn't go here with the interest of dining. I do want to emphasize the "hang-out" factor. Imagine if your mom and dad decided to dress up and hang out with other couples at a bar. That's honestly, the reason a lot of people like this place. Imagine Cafe Boa with bad food and you get 56 East.  The only reason it doesn't receive two stars is the service was great and the ambience was nice.  The food was weak.  If you do eat here, order just 2 appetizers and have drinks. Don't order any of their dinner items as you will pay too much for lousy food.
3	##############56 East Closed####################
