5	I love the pool at the Venetian hotel!! Elegant and small with a great view from the the fourth floor of the hotel!! If you are a guest at the Venetian and happen to be poolside you have to try this place while you are laying out in the desert heat (if you aren't a guest at the hotel you can access this restraunt from the Canyon Ranch elevator in the Grand Canal Shoppes). One of the best breakfast places in the city. Great lemon blueberry pancakes and the best smoked salmon/scrambled egg pizza!! Make sure to order a bellini to go with them. If you happen to stick around for lunch all the items availble are great!! The steak screwers, chicken pizza with basil pesto and sundried tomatoes, and the tuna sandwich are my favorites. They even have the best prickly pear mojito in town!! If you are ever at the Venetian during the summer season you have to make this place one of your stops!!
2	If this wern't Vegas I would've given it three stars but my scale goes up out there, sorry. While I like this restaurant I would only eat here if I was already staying in the Venetian. It's by the pool and too hard to get to if you aren't a guest. It's also not one of Wolfgang's shining stars. I had guzpacho. One of my favorites. It was good but very typical. I expected better. Then I think I had a chicken sandwich or a burger. Either way, it was good but forgettable. I hear their breakfast is better. However, if you are within 100 miles of the Venetian and you are up in time for breakfast (I usually am because I'm still on East Coast time most days) you MUST go to Bouchon. It is the best breakfast and it happens to be right next door.
4	The reason to find this: The Lobster Club. It is outstanding. The flavor of the sauce - wow. Also had the gazpacho. Vinegar was distracting in the soup, would have preferred to taste Lime Juice.
4	I would never go to this place if I wasn't staying at the Venetian simply because I'd never find it!  But, being as it is on the pool deck, and being as I was at the pool, I did find it and did eat there.  Twice, in fact.I love the setting and I love that I could dump my stuff down on my pool lounger and then wander over to have some breakfast in my swimsuit.  The patio is mostly shaded under lots of big patio umbrellas so it stays pretty cool.For breakfast, they have some lighter breakfast options, full breakfast entrees, and breakfast cocktails as well as fruity frozen drinks.  On my first visit, I had the French-style omelet which had asparagus, mushrooms, Gruyere cheese and came with fried potatoes, a grilled tomato slice and toast.  It was delicious.  The omelet was just very tasty - everything went well together.  The potatoes were excellent.  They were super crispy, did not seem oily and were seasoned with sea salt.  They were addictive.  Since little things can make me very happy, I was pleased that my whole wheat toast was served with no jelly but with both strawberry and blackberry preserves.  It made my day.  I only had coffee with my breakfast (I saved the cocktails orders for the pool bar) but it was very good and it kept getting refilled.I liked my breakfast so much on the first visit here that I went back two days later when I was at the pool and got exactly the same thing.  Everyone was nice and the service was fast and efficient.  I will definitely look forward to having a poolside breakfast here again the next time I'm at the Venetian.
3	good place to eat poolside at the venetian.  i had the tuna sandwich, and it was typical but good.  i liked the smoked salmon pizza a lot.sangria here was really tasty.
3	the waiter must've thought we were hot even without swimsuits and makeup. he really wanted to put us on a guest list for 3 of the most popular clubs on the strip. certainly, 9 smokin' sexy ladies shouldn't have any trouble getting into a club of their choice, but we gladly obliged. you always should be prepared for plan "b". having a late lunch at riva was our plan b. we didn't expect the pool to be quite crowded, but the day was hot and there were no empty lounge chairs. we decided to start our bachelorette party weekend by filling our stomachs first. my plate of popcorn shrimp and calamari was huge in quantity, but not in flavor so much. i had a slice of salmon pizza (smoked salmon with creme fraiche on very thin crust), and thought that was outstanding. we were starving so devouring somewhat of mediocre food wasn't a daunting task at all. needless to say, tasty sangria and bloody mary helped us to overlook the spotty service as well. mr. puck can do better, especially if he is to compete with all the celebrity chefs in sin city. maybe all his effort goes in to cut. if you don't expect too much from a poolside restaurant, riva is not a bad choice to refuel your energy. besides, their food is not meant to be thoroughly enjoyed. who wants to look fat in her swimsuits?!
3	Overall mediocre food (except for the salmon pizza which was pretty spectacular) but great location by pool.
5	This has got to be the best pool food I've had in Vegas.Pretty much everything on the menu is good. Wolfgang Puck food delivered right to your cabana....males me very happy. They will also deliver your pitchers of sangria and mojitos to your cabana. I couldn't ask for anything else. I was so happy with my pool food at our cabana during a prior visit that we went down to Riva for lunch at a later visit when we did not rent a cabana. They were very accommodating and made me a special not on the menu of half a sandwich and a cup of gazpacho. Not all Wolfgang Puck restaurants are that accommodating so I was pretty impressed. It goes without saying that the food is very good too. Yeah semi pricey but its Vegas pool food so that's to be expected. Totally worth since the food here is actually enjoyable and not pure sustenance like other hotels pool food.
5	Great Bloody's and not a better place for morning after recovery!
4	The location is great and the food is yummy.  There's nothing better than reserving a chair by the pool then sauntering over to the shaded and cool area to get a nice base to start off the day =)Ordered the Spanish Scramble, which came with organic eggs,  tasty chorizo, onions, tomatoes, cheese, and some country potatoes.  Also had some of the strong and good coffee.  Great way to start the day.  Service is competent, but nothing special.On the way out, however, had to get one of their yard-length frozen drinks.  The cocktail waitresses by the pool don't sell these; you gotta get them from Riva or from the bar in the Ventian Retail shops area.  Got the Lava Flow, I think for 18 buck, with refills being cheaper. Super sweet, for sure, but hey, doctor it up with a bit (or a flask) of your own rum, and poolside just got better =)I'd totally eat here again.  Great location and nice atmosphere.
4	Food was refreshing!  I had the pepperoni pizza and my wife had the Chinese chicken salad.  Both were fresh and tasty.  Interesting thing I noticed.  The male servers had cloth sleeves covering their tattoos,   but the female hostess was in not much more than a bikini and she did not have to cover the tattoo from her lower back wrapping around to her ribs.  I am just saying... Its Vegas and I believe in equal opportunity (both for women and men).
5	My girlfriends & i were guests at the Venetian, so we ate breakfast here Saturday morning. It was so nice to sit outside in the shade & people watch. I got the breakfast croissant, which was AMAZING! My friend got the breakfast burrito with chorizo- looked delish as well. Go here, you won't be disappointed.
3	Expensive for what it is. Meh.Great service though. Truth.
4	This restaurant is a great, fun place to eat when staying at the Venetian. If you have a choice, definitely go for breakfast over dinner, as the food is significantly better.My girlfriends and I had a great time eating here, as it is outside and right by the pool so it is a very relaxing atmosphere with really good service as well. Breakfast was delish, but lunch was mediocre. I ordered a pizza that left something to be desired.Overall, this place is a great, relaxing place to eat when you want to chat with friends or family and eat some good food.
4	This restaurant is located near the pool area and a must if you are staying at the Venetian. My food was really good. Yes, very expensive but worth it.
2	2.5 stars.Today Riva displayed some of the worst service I've seen a very long time.  Food and drink that took painfully long to be delivered on an afternoon where the restaurant was perhaps 75% full.  25 minutes to refill an iced tea?  Yikes.Food was 3.75 stars with extra props to some nice grilled shrimp on my fellow diner's salad.  When you are paying 18 bucks for a sandwich or a salad, though, there ought to be something special on the plate.  Sadly, the other sandwiches were good, but not great.  Vegas prices, spotty service, decent but not spectacular food.  Wolfgang, do you really put your name on this?  Nicht so gut...
3	We stopped here to pick up lunch while we were staying at the Venetian. Really, that's the only time that it makes sense to stop here at all if you're not living in Vegas and have little time to explore the city's culinary delights.We had the 1.) Grilled Beef Satays, the 2.) Crispy Salt & Pepper Calamari and Popcorn Shrimp, and the 3.) Margherita Pizza.Not sure why Wolfgang Puck continues to allow his name to be associated with such mediocre over-priced food, really. Does the empire not care about retention?Everything was somewhere between Meh and A-OK.
3	Kind of pricy although good.  Wait staff from Israel provided superb service!  Nice patio.
2	Food is relatively bad but in a pinch.The only plus is the outside seating.  Good people watching.
4	Sitting poolside in Vegas and you are already in a pretty good mood.  We stopped here for a  quick snack and were really quite impressed.  The Sangria was awesome!  Serving size was really large and the food was fresh and decent, maybe not quite world class that you might expect from a Puck establishment, but good none the less.  The stand out was the service, I think he may have been a trainer as he had several other servers asking questions, but he was ON IT!  Even offered a discount if we booked a reservation at another Puck place.  Kudos!
3	I try to make it a point to eat at as many different restaurants as I can when I am in Vegas.  This time, I found my way to Riva by Wolfgang Puck by the Venetian pools.THE MOOD:The restaurant is located in the middle of the hub bub of the Venetian pools.  Riva is prime location because it is a bit elevated from the pool deck so you get to soak up sun and people watch at the same time.  The Vegas sun can be awfully hot, but not to worry, there is mist that is gently sprinkled as you eat and umbrellas.THE FOOD:I ordered the Margherita Pizza, but they ended up giving me a plain cheese pizza.  I don't usually send food back, so I just went ahead and ate the pizza anyways...Meh.  I also ordered a Bellini.  Andrew D. got an omelet with potatoes.   The food overall was average tasting.  Pizza was a bit on the oily side and crust was really hard.  Andrew D's omelet was not extremely tasty either.THE 'TUDE:The hostess in the front is great at what she does.  We were walking by the restaurant and she was great at convincing us to have a seat in the shade from the sun.  As for the waitress we got, she was super slow in coming around and I don't believe she ever checked in on us.  Not only that, but we had to wave her down for our check.OVERALL:Great location for people watching at the Venetian Pools and getting some shade from the hot Vegas sun, but the overall food and service is average.
3	Nice place to have a quick lunch before hanging out at the pool.  The chinese chopped salad was very nice.
1	Greek salad was mixed greens with Parmesan? What? Fail.
1	Went there, Waited for 10 min no one came to talk to us! Then finally a waiter with food filling his mouth came to us with water. He didn't even say a word.I looked at my wife and walked out the resturant immediately .
1	The food was awesome, my boy and I got the prime rib and short rib, but our waiter was a dumbass. Guy never came by to grate
3	Ate at Riva twice while staying at the Venetian - once for lunch and once for breakfast. It has a great handy location outdoor by the pool and was very nice in the morning. The food was very average for a hotel of the Venetians standard - I had a club Sandwich for lunch - which was OK but the fries were cold and soggy. I had a breakfast Burrito was OK but very greasy - the salsas were good - would be a superb hangover breakfast but I wasn't hungover. Service was OK. Nice for a quick bite - but not cheap for the standard of the food.
2	It surprises me what celebrity chefs are willing to put their name on. Riva is a poolside (all outdoor) restaurant at The Venetian. We went here for lunch and I was completely underwhelmed by the choices on the menu and by the food itself. Really? This is what a celebrity chef comes up with? Sad.Very few choices so you better want a pizza, a club sandwich, or a standard salad. That's it. My daughter had the cheese pizza. I had the club sandwich, which came with fries. And I got a strawberry colada swirl. $60 later, we called that a lunch and left. I could have gotten that anywhere. Why on earth would that be what Wolfgang Puck offered up? Seems crazy to me.If you want to overspend on something you can get better at your local diner...come here.
