5	Wow !! What a great store !! If you have not visit there, this is a must see place in Charlotte if you are into Asian product. The selection are unbelievable, I often get lost track of my time in the store just to check out all the interesting stuffs. You must go see it on the weekend and you will probably see all the Asian people live in Charlotte go there buy their grocery. The staff are nice but only speak limited English, but the management are very helpful if you can't find what you need. This place in a diamond in the rough in Charlotte. You must go see it and while you were there grab a sandwich from Le sandwich shop inside the Asian Corner Mall. It rated best Vietnamese sub in Charlotte.
5	I can not believe that I can find the Red Snapper this fresh in Charlotte. I'm a Red Snapper fan and if you know how to cook Thai or Carribian food then you know what I'm talking about. Anyone out there like to eat fresh seafood, you must come check it out. I found the shrimp is very fresh and great price compare to Harris Teeter, they even cheaper than the Compare Food.
5	wow, what a experience! You have come see it youself, it is a must see store in Charlotte. If you are into Asian stuff, you will probably find what you are looking for here.
5	I have to tell you, during the economy condition like today, I try to squeeze every way I can. Shopping at the International Supermarket in comparison to Harris Teeter or Food Lion, I saved almost 50% on my grocerey bill. For example, the Cafe De Monte cost $3.99 a can at International, Harris Teeter $8.99 and Dean and Deluca $9.99. Not to mention other produce and soy sauces. You must come and see the differences.
5	Hands down, the best prices in town. It smells a little funny, but for the savings, it's worth a slightly wrinkly nose. They specialize in Asian foods, so it's got the usual Asian grocery fishy smell, and also the usual Asian grocery awesome selection of odd spices, teas, pastas, produce, and all kinds of goodies. I found bok choy here, as well as that weird kind of broccoli that has long, spindly arms instead of looking like little trees...I can't quite remember what it's called...but it's good stuff, and it's hard to find. I've also found fennel here when I couldn't find it anywhere else.I sometimes forget about this place, as it's a little off the beaten path for me. But with the end of the world happening and everyone's wallets getting slimmer and slimmer, the International Supermarket will see more of my business.
2	I have quickly realized that "North Charlotte" is the city's redheaded step-child, and it shows in the upkeep of many of the businesses in that area.  At International Supermarket, it means you have to navigate potholes galore to find a parking spot.  Unfortunately, the outside mirrors what's going on the inside.  I am no stranger to Asian supermarkets and I have to confess, I was not too impressed with this one.  The smell, I can deal with (an open air display of fish greet you at the entrance). Even the surly teenage kids checking you out, I can deal with.  However, I could not deal with the disorganized aisles and roadblocks of boxes throughout the store. That said, I found here the very thing I came here looking for: Shitaki tofu and yam noodes.  This *may* be the only place in Charlotte that carries them, so for that reason (and only that reason), I will likely return.
3	All in all, this place is an indoor block out of NYC's chinatown. Come here expecting a VERY complete selection of oriental products, crowds, and interesting (that's optimistic) smells. It's huge, 10 or so aisles and a freezer section that spans the entire back wall. From kim chee to canned curry paste to blocks of tamarind to sticky rice balls, they have at least two brands of everything, so there's plenty to choose from. The produce seems to vary, but the standards are almost always represented: bok choy, bean sprouts, etc. I will make the trip specifically because of the vegetarian-junk-food frozen stuff they carry. A company called Companion gets very creative with soy and puts out a lot of interesting dim sum/ faux meat options for the buddhist crowd: "fish" balls, taro cakes, vegetarian "pork" pot stickers and the like. They stock a wide range of this stuff, and it's the only place I've seen it.
4	I have to say that although there was a slight fishy smell, it was the least of any Asian-ish market I have EVER been in.  Yes, it seemed a little dark.  Yes, there were a few potholes in the lot.  Yes, there were a few boxes in the aisles.  I'm pretty much over all of those things because WOW!  What a great selection!  Their spice aisles alone were mind-bogglingly extensive.  I went in hoping to find 3 things (tandoori spice, garam masala, and cracked wheat).  Not only did they have all 3 of these items, but it was almost hard for me to pick which spices to get, because they had so many CHOICES!I took awhile, and just perused most of the aisles.  Sometimes Asian markets feel a little bit like one of the old Asian pharmacies, where you have row upon row of little bottles, all hiding interesting (and some creepy) pastes, powders, and concoctions.  Even with the names on the packages, I wondered about many things, "What is IN there?  What would you use THAT for??"  Personally, I really like it.  It's very inspiring to me, to try something new, and presents a world of culinary possibility.  They even have practically an entire row devoted to pickled things.  (What is with the pickled shark???)The prices seemed very good (got my 3 items for 6 bucks, and each is a good-sized package), although I did have to go hunt somebody down to pay (-1 star).All in all, I am really excited to find this little gem, and plan to return soon.
4	Making a stop at the newly-opened Super G Mart on Independence made me realize that I'm more of a fan of International Supermarket than my previous review admits.Maybe it's the post-apocolyptic surroundings, or the 3 kinds of enoki mushrooms, or the fact that they're NEVER out of chinese chives or bean sprouts... that the 5 spice tofu they stock is some of the best I've had, that they seem to be expanding the Companion gluten stuff they carry, that there's always some weird soy fish or shrimp waiting for me to find it in their freezers. Fresh baked french bread daily for cheap. Salted eggs by the piles and piles.Service is always quick and smiley, which means a lot to me. Dunno, just dig this place.
2	I had read reviews mentioning the smell, and they were correct. The fish smell hits you in the face as soon as you walk in. If you can get past that (my Wife couldn't), the Store is OK. Nice selection, but not as complete as New Century which is in the same plaza.
4	$10 minimum for credit/debit card purchases!fresh seafood? check. oxtail and tripe? check. same-brand condiments and grocery items half the price of harris teeter? check. overall, not a bad market.okay yes, it smells fishy - what asian market doesn't? (and there are plenty in town that smell much worse.) at times, some of the refrigerated items can be a little sketch (love their fresh noodles, but i've wondered if that case is kept at the right temperature), and fine, the random ready-to-eat "section" on the tables near the cash registers looks like a serious violation. (room temperature spring rolls anyone?) but there are so many other things available, it's really not that big of a deal to me. (i do have to admit i only went for shelf-stable items the first few trips, but i've warmed up over time)the fresh produce is nice - a lot of things are cheaper than HT (bell peppers, bok choys, mushrooms, chili peppers, fresh herbs, lemongrass), but some things are about the same. (scallions are 89 cents there, 79 at my HT) my condiment queen self can always finds jars of new sauces and toppings to buy, their dried pasta section is huge, you can get great bases for soups (I'm partial to the pho flavouring cubes) in the aisles of bouillons and dried spices, and their freezer section (which wraps around about 1/3 of the store) is ridiculous... from squid, oysters, krab sticks, ducks, quail, and an obscene amount of dumpling/spring roll wrappers to prepared pork buns, filled dumplings, fish balls, meat balls and the occasional frozen spices and produce.. you want it? they probably have it. and most likely the equipment to prepare it more authentically if you so wish to purchase that as well. plus teas, chocolate, candies... really, it can be a little overwhelming. although this is an international market, in comparison to the asian I really see very little latin/other ethnic food groups represented. (or maybe i've just missed that aisle?)
4	If you're shopping for Asian foods? International is the spot.
5	We love this place. Stopped in last evening after we left Le's. My daughter wanted Pocky. She talked me into getting her the supersized package. *sigh*  Then my little eyes spied chocolate Pocky with almonds. Ohhhhhh yes.Although I'm not a real chocolate fan and I can do without Pocky, I DO love chocolate with nuts. It won't be my new special treat but if I'm having a sweet tooth attack and I'm in the neighborhood, I'll run in for the choco-nutty Pocky.We also bought two large packets of Wu-Mu dried ramen. It cost $2.79 for the equivalent of 3 packs from the regular supermarket or CVS. My daughter chose the steamed mushroom and I got the steamed spinach variety.I can't wait to taste it. Thinking about adding tofu to mine and wishing I had some of the pickled carrots and daikon to toss in. Maybe I'll add a boiled egg...Being a hungry teenager, my daughter tried her ramen last night, after she ate her bahn mi. She said it was much better than Maruchan or Top Ramen. Lucky girl to have a mom who indulges her foodie appetites. I had to eat whatever my mom cooked.Next time we go to International Supermarket, we'll be buying kimchi. I've never had it but my daughter eats it with my mom when they have a visit.
2	Admittedly I have a bit of a weak-stomach especially when it comes to my olfactory sensory system. I honestly had a hard time visiting this grocery store and as embarrassing as it is to admit, I  actually had to jump ship at the end. That being said, they have  fabulous aloe juice ranging from $1.99-2.99 for a large bottle ( $2.99 is the price for a small bottle at Common Mkt/Trader Joe's). They have everything you could possibly need or want for Asian cooking. My boyfriend marveled at the cost of the shrimp (much cheaper than HT). I had the hardest time with the meat dept because of the scent combined with looking at pig intestine started to make me gag a bit...but if you aren't a big baby like me check it out!
1	I have no problem with the store goods, but I'm extremely dissatisfied with the customer service at this store. There's one cashier in particular, by the name "N Jones" who is very rude and disrespectful. Not only that, she have intentionally added a few "unknown" items on my receipt (sometimes an extra quantity of an item I bought). I have discovered this when I got out of the store and recounted the items in my bags. I figured if I had gone back into the store and made a big fuss out of this, they are going to deny it and even accuse me of lying. This is probably a lesson for me to never step back into that store again. There are plenty of other honest oriental stores in Charlotte, so I'm not obligated to shop at this one. A couple of bucks out of my pockets can be used as a warning sign for those of you who are considering shopping at this store. If you must HAVE to shop here, you at least need to double check your receipt before you leave that door. They're NOT honest people!!  ps. I wonder how much $ they have gathered from doing this to every customer, especially customers who have a lot in their carts. It's easier for them to cheat since the customers often don't review their receipt.
3	This is your typical asian supermarket with great prices.The only downside is the strong aroma of fish awaiting ya upon entering the place. I really wish they had set up the seafood department in another part of the store and not up front. Otherwise not a bad place to get some asian goods.
4	Avoid the pot holes when getting here. There's an entrance that you can try to avoid, that is closer to the stores.Selections - they have a somewhat of an abundance of different ethnic foods (Vietnamese - plenty, Chinese, Thai, Philippines, Korean...).  The prices here are a lot cheaper than what you can find compared to other Asian grocery stores. When I do come here, I try to load up a lot of Vietnamese produce, fresh shrimp, rice paper rolls, vermicelli noodles, bag of rice.. Because, it is just cheaper!  I kind of wish the quality of the meat is a tad bit better.. Love how they have Vietnamese pre-packaged desserts and food snacks :)Price - as mentioned, decently priced. Not as great of a price like in Houston TX and or DC.Service - at the seafood place, great! The cashiers on the other hand, not nice..
3	Coming from Arizona where they have the mothership of all Asian Market stores in Lee Lee I was a little disappointed with the International Supermarket. The organization was poor and the store looked like it was clean by a sight impaired janitor. There are many wonderful products (though the produce was tired looking and we did not try the meats) but it took a long to find things because the signs are confusing. However the prices were good.Oh another thing, our car nearly disappeared in a pot hole in the parking lot.
5	Love the selection. Yes it is a little disorganized but what Asian market is organized that isn't Japanese? Smells better than some worse than others. Love the fresh made dishes at checkout.  Only wish they had better/more fresh veggies.
