5	Kyle Vaughn is my hero! Six weeks ago, he repaired a botched bunionectomy that I had earlier this year. After not being able to walk without pain for many months, I am walking better than ever and this is only after 6 weeks since his miracle surgery. It was a complex surgery to fix what another doctor screwed up, but he knew what to do to get me back on my feet.  Dr. Vaughn has patience, compassion, confidence and an easy style. I've recommended him to my friends and now, to all of you, too.
5	I went to Dr. Vaughn to obtain a second opinion after breaking my 4th metatarsal this past summer.  While my first doctor put me into a walking boot with minimal directions on what to do or expect, I knew a boot wouldn't be sufficient. My first visit with Dr. Vaughn lasted approximately an hour and was inclusive of an examination, in-house x-rays, and a detailed and lengthy conversation about the pros and cons of a hard cast versus going straight for surgery. We chose a path for my recovery together, and while I ended up needing surgery in the long run, I appreciate that Dr. Vaughn was not quick to recommend surgery immediately.  Through the course of my treatment, he was readily accessible by means of a phone call and made sure no question went unanswered. The evening before and the evening after my surgery, Dr. Vaughn personally called to check on me. His bedside manners are uncanny, and greatly appreciated With every visit (or phone call) I have always been treated with dignity and respect. I have shared my story with numerous friends and the reaction I hear is always the same: "Wow, you have an amazing doctor!"  Kyle Vaughn is professional, meticulous, personal, and compassionate; He truly cares about his patients.Regardless of the severity of your foot concern, I highly recommend Dr. Vaughn for all of your foot and ankle needs.
5	Is Dr. Kyle Vaughn a Bone Whisperer?  My intermediate cuneiform bone sure thinks so.  Dr Vaughn is candid, forthcoming with information, easy to talk to, great with delivering the facts. Communication style kept my confidence high, my fear level at zero, and my focus on the recovery path.I can not recommend him highly enough.  Billing has been 100% correct.  Invoices are clear, and I am able to account for all items. Could you ask for anything better than that?  - oh wait - yes you can...He is reachable, responsive, and his office schedules appointments so effectively, I am literally person-to-person with Dr Vaughn within minutes of my arrival.If you need a doctor for your feet, don't go any further than this review, just call this guy.  You will be the next one giving him 5 stars.
5	I recently moved to Scottsdale and shortly thereafter began suffering from a sharp pain in my left foot.  After seeing a physician, whose treatment was not effective, I saw Dr. Vaughn after reading his reviews on Yelp. To make a long story short, I got in promptly and he gave me advice on how I might possibly avoid an injection into my foot, which advice I very much appreciated.  That advice helped, but did not resolve the problem so I returned for the usually unpleasant steroid injection.  Let me tell you, I never felt the injection or the manipulation of the needle.  A great experience and I believe that my problem is over.I would very highly commend Dr. Vaughn  to my friends.
5	My mom had an appointment with Dr Vaugh,  the visit was perfect from start to finish.  The office staff, ellen, was great and very efficient.  Dr Vaugh was wonderful to my mom,  delivered excellent care and I would highly recommend him to family and friends.   Definite 5 star.    Thanks yelp!!!!!!ann g
5	Limp in, Walk out.  That should be enough to get you to visit Dr. Vaughn. I was extremely nervous and Ellen, his wonderful front office lady, put me at ease. In fact, I asked if she was his Mom, she just had the caring concern that you would get from someone who cares about the patients and the doctor, No, she is not his Mom, just an amazing lady. Dr. Vaughn, addressed the problem without any pain.  I had immediate relief. He suggested future alternatives to my problem. He is a very knowledgeable and caring doctor.  I am so glad I found him.
5	So I fall down... A lot. Like all the time. Probably more than all the people you know, combined.Anyways, I literally had an ankle sprain 3 months ago and had been healed maybe 3 weeks when I fell again and hurt my right foot. So I did what I usually do, went to an Urgent Care, got an x-ray and she said nothing was broken and it was fine.A week later, my foot was still swollen and bruised and I wasn't walking so what did I do? I finally decided that after 4 ankle sprains in my 25 years of life, I needed to see a specialist (not to mention, my foot was injured) but I got onto Yelp and searched and I am so thankful I found Paradise Valley Foot & Ankle. If you Yelpers are anything like me, you have no idea how to choose a Foot Doctor, right? Well, I picked Dr. Vaughn's office because of the video on their Yelp page and their reviews. The video reassured me that their office is friendly and Dr. Vaughn seemed knowledgeable & approachable.Funny thing is, I actually saw Dr. Kayce! He's not in their video but he's the other doctor here. At my first visit, Dr. Kayce took a new x-ray and saw a fracture in my foot, makes sense since I was in so much pain.Today was my two week check up so I am still healing but Dr. Kayce has been so great. He has been extremely informative and educational with explaining everything to me. Sounds crazy but I learned so much at my first appointment here and finally understand why my feet have caused all these problems!I really recommend these guys! I drive about 20 minutes to get here from South Scottsdale but it's absolutely worth it. Also worth mentioning, the two ladies up front are friendly and helpful too :)
5	Dr. Vaughn and his staff are just fantastic!!! He was so reassuring and has a great bedside manner. I have a fear of doctors and he made me feel calm and safe.
5	Exceptional.  We have known dr v for  several years.  He has taken care of me,  my relatives and friends.  I highly recommend him.  His staff is excellent, as well
