5	amazing!  Love Wylands art!!!!
5	Great Gallery in the Miracle Mile. I am used to seeing Wyland's art as I appreciate it, but this gallery also had quite a few other artists. Each piece was worth studying and we really enjoyed Alexei Buttirskiy's work. He has a way of making something with a cold background come to life with a warmness that is comforting. There was a very kind associate that worked there and even gave us a copy of the artist's background information. If you like art, and you like learning about it, this is a great gallery to check out.
5	What I love about concept galleries like Wyland is that it brings you to an entirely different world just as you enter. On one wall were simple drawings of sea creatures like turtles and whales that may not have been so striking at first glance until you look closely and see how meticulous the artist was to details. Sculptures surrounded the gallery, one of which was of a bear. The saleslady, Yuka, pointed out that Wyland carved only 750 copies of the it and sure prices were high (a staggering $1500 for a sculpture smaller than a spalding basketball) but it seemed worth it! Other paintings felt abstract, seemingly mimicking ocean waves and tropical essences.By now you might be wondering what the artist stands for and I'll sure as anything tell you that he's doing all his work for a good cause. To an environmental geek like me, knowing that a certain percentage of all the painting's proceeds go toward environmental conservation and protecting ocean wildlife only further magnifies my interest. I consulted Yuka about Wyland's background and she willingly talked me through his past works and experience as a deep sea scubadiver. Some of the whale sculptures were carved in such detail that even texture was emphasized - as with the whales and turtles. It was definitely not the last of my visits. Yuka informed me about a meet and greet with Wyland on June 16-17 and till then, I will always think highly of this place and recommend it to anyone who loves art that feels refreshing and alive.
