5	Great instruction by Ryan Beauregard.  Clean workout facility and friendly people.  They have a New Student membership for $60 per month and classes are Mon, Weds and Fri 6pm-7pm.  It's definitely worth the money if you want to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.  I usually go to classes on Mondays and Fridays, and it's the best workout I've had in years.
5	I'm pretty sure most guys in their mid 30s hit a point where they realize that fitness isn't going to get any easier. Last year I topped out at 275 pounds and was pretty miserable. I hadn't been an athlete since high school and wasn't sure where to start given that I could barely tie my own shoes. I also realized that my laziness cost me confidence and follow through. I had no idea where to start but I knew that I didn't want to be a marshmallow any more. It came up in conversation that I should check out Jiu-Jitsu. My experience with JJ had been limited to pay-per-view MMA so I lacked context and I assumed it was way out of my league. But I figured I'd check it out and before I knew it I found myself training with Ryan. I can't say enough what a difference it's made. I never, EVER, would have considered myself as capable of any Jiu-Jitsu related anything but I was wrong. I explained to him what I was after, some fitness and some self defense, (I never wanted to compete), so he laid down some ground work, helped me with drills that made sense for my body shape, and really taught me how fluid and dynamic Jiu-Jitsu is. He took the time to help me relate what I was learning to practical situations that I could potentially find myself in. Talk about a confidence booster. I have more courage now than I've ever had and I credit Ryan for that. That confidence has bled in to every facet of my life and has absolutely improved things for me on and off the mat. Between Jiu Jitsu and a healthier diet, I've managed to lose over 60 pounds in less than a year and even as a white belt I feel more confident about protecting myself and my family. He has the patience of a saint and never puts you down when there's something you can't do. He's a warrior from a family of warriors and if you want to be part of a brotherhood of lions, this is where you want to be. I'd honestly recommend a private lesson or two to get started. He does travel to Tucson from time to time also.
5	Team Beauregard Jiu Jitsu is the best kept secret in the martial arts world. Ryan Beauregard and staff take a genuine interest your goals and help you achieve them. Whether your goal is weight lose or becoming the next IBJJF World Champion, Team Beauregard can make those goals become reality. Many instructors claim to have the knowledge but very few have the proof. Ryan has achieved success in becoming a IBJJF World Champion. His facility in Mesa has produced many local, state and national champions. These achievements show his extreme dedication to the sport of jiu jitsu and the knowledge to take your game to the next level.The schedule at Beauregards is flexible and accommodating for any person with the desire to train. With classes scheduled on Mon, Weds, Fri, & Sat, Team Beaurgard makes it real hard to come up with an excuse to skip jiu jitsu. Still can't make it, Ryan and his instructors offer private lessons. So.. Why do I think Ryan is the best instructor in Phoenix? I have trained jiu jitsu for years before coming to Ryan. I had some difficulties in jiu jitsu given my unique body type. I decided this wasn't for me and tried other activities to attempt to stay in shape. I belong to a gym and even tried cross-fit. 14 months later I came to him 25# overweight and couldn't last 3 minutes on the mat due to my lack of cardio. 6 months later, I am the IBBJF Blue belt National Champion and down almost 30#. Being a prior service Marine, I can say that training jiu jitsu allows me to stay in the best shape of my life. For anyone even remotely interested in jiu jitsu, grappling, or just fitness (staying in shape) training jiu jitsu is the best workout you will EVER get. If you want the best instructor in Phoenix, contact Ryan Beauregard.
5	It's awesome place to learn Brazilian ju jitzu with one of the greatest Ryan Beauregard and also keep in good shape. Check it out as they are open to a 3 day pass. Come try it out!
