4	Novice? Advanced? Foto Forum Professionals Can Help Almost Anyone A family member developed his photo hobby into an award-winning, community-serving, nationally published pastime. Foto Forum is where he shops, buys and seeks advice. I've learned to do the same. Foto Forum has a staff of four, with an ocean of technical and product knowledge. No matter what camera issue I take to them, we develop a solution. I'm brutal on pocket digital cameras. Every two years someone I loan my camera to, or I, drop and break something like a battery door or the whole mechanism. I took my cares to Foto Forum, spent a few more dollars than I would on a Staples/Walgreen/Best Buy/Walmart Clearance Camera, and have a solution I'll have to take a little better care of, that won't break if dropped on its edge, has easy to understand and use menus, a great lens and zoom system, and was in Foto Forum 10 months before the big chain stores had them. I have more stories, but you don't need to read them. Foto Forum has film, a complete line of cases and packs, tripods, digital and film single lens reflex cameras, video cams and my faithful pocket shoot and click. The have studio equipment suitable for setting up "The Best of EBay" and the cutest dog, kitten and bunny photos on the planet - depending on your skills. They've also got that spotting scope I want to turn into my hawk and eagle lens - in my dreams, plus lots of fine binoculars for all purposes - like sitting in the nosebleed seats and scoping Amare making a monster dunk after a miraculous Steve Nash pass. We say Yes to Foto Forum and still buy Lee gift cards here for birthday and Christmas.
2	I rated this location poorly because of the manner the store employees processed my return. I walked in at 5:45 PM and purchased a data card reader and battery charger for my Sony camera [universal]. I returned the next morning to return both items as my camera was stolen. I was told the store did not accept returns on battery chargers. I was told the policy existed because of people like me [who were from out of town]. I was told these people forgot their chargers at home and would buy the item, use it, and return it. I felt as if my integrity was being questioned. I felt my integrity being quesstioned. While I undertsand the compelxities of owning ande running a private camera shop, I felt the store did nothing to make amends. While I try to support private business, this situation maes me want to go to one of the "big chain" stores with a more "liberal" return policy. The packages were unopened and factory sealed! What could have made this experience  better was being told about the return policy when I purchased the items. I lost $40 on a $70 purchase. Rather than being told beforehand about the policy, I was told after the fact "You should have read the return policy". I do not know anyone who stops to read the return policy before making a purchase. I learned my lesson. I will always ask about a store's return policy before making a purchase.I strongly caution you to read their policies before buying anything. Cameras must be returned within 7 days and most items are non-returnable.
4	Full disclosure, I'm pretty cheap and incredibly indecisive when it comes to purchasing video/ photography equipment. I'm also a tactile consumer and like to touch before I buy.... online. Camera stores can be the worst for people like me because sales people don't want to waste time with  lots of questions and no happy ending. Foto Forum is one of the very few place where I don't feel like I'm a douche bag for checking things out before I buy. I've interacted with John, Mike, and Greg and each time and they have been incredibly helpful, patient and never over eager to make me purchase something I don't need. The service has lead me to actually purchase there anyway rather than saving a few dollars online. If you want to build a relationship with a store, this is definitely a good one to do that.
5	I shop here all the time. The folks who work here are very knowledgeable and helpful. I've spent thousands of $$$$ over the years and never gotten advice or less than stellar service.
5	I had been researching getting a new DSLR for months for shooting video and pretty much knew that the Canon 60D was what I wanted. Went to Foto Forum to see how prices were and was surprised to find that they were selling the 60D for $100 less than BH and Amazon. Also Greg the salesman took an hour to talk with me about various cameras and lenses. He has decades of photography experience and was great at giving me feedback on what I was reading online.I bought the 60D with the 18-135 kit lens and a number of other items that will help me get started with getting serious about taking pictures and video. I hope they are around for years to come.
2	They claim to have the lowest prices... They don't. I needed to buy some supplies. I checked pricing at Photo Forum and Tempe Camera. Tempe Camera was cheaper, yet the guy at Photo Forum declined to price match. No one asked if I needed help when I came in. My experience was not pleasant. I like Tempe Camera better. They are always soo helpful and they have WAY more stuff. Not to mention they aren't smug or pretentious. Can't say the same for this place.
5	I've been doing business with Foto Forum for about 8 months now, and I've always gotten great customer service, and advice from the folks there.  Just recently, I had an experience that pleasantly surprised me.  I'd purchased a Promaster CF card from them in January.  I used it for a while, but then it got corrupted somehow.  I switched to another brand that I had on hand, and took the Promaster back to FF.  They exchanged it for another after verifying that it was a bad card with no problems.  I stuck the new one in my camera case and forgot about it until a couple weeks ago. (I may have formatted the new one in my camera, I don't remember at this point)  I pulled it out to use it for a firmware update, and found that neither my camera or computer would recognize it.  So, I took it back to FF.  They tried to format it in one of their cameras, and it wouldn't function for them either.  With no questions asked, they not only exchanged this CF card for a new one, but they also upgraded it to the new "Extreme" CF that Promaster makes.  In other words, they exchanged a $60 CF card for a $140 card without any hassle or paperwork.  That's the kind of customer service I really like.  One side comment:  The people behind the counter at FF are photo geeks (and I don't think they'd be offended by that) who happen to work in a camera shop.  Meaning they're incredibly knowledgable, and more than happy to help, but maybe not overwhelmingly polished and "salesman-like".  I've dealt with all of the gentlemen working there currently, and can't think of a single negative thing to say about any of them.Regarding pricing:  I research everything I buy before I make a purchase.  I know that I can beat the prices at FF on many items by ordering online.  The difference is generally fairly small though, and I feel that it's worth the extra 1-2% to purchase locally, and have the access to such an incredible knowledge base that the folks at FF have to offer.
1	This store needs to get with the 21st century. No online ability to take money. Won't take credit cards over the phone. Won't take American Express. Cutting themselves out of a big market.For local purchases with better customer service and convenience I prefer Tempe Camera Repair. They at least choose to accomodate customers.Don't know how this store stays in business.
1	I emailed this letter to the store;Hello:Yesterday afternoon I found myself in the unfortunate position of being 350 miles from my studio without a piece of equipment.  While I was driving into Phoenix from Los Angeles,I realized we had left a posing stool. We called ahead to your store and inquired if you had one. We were told yes. We then set a course to come to your store immediately.  Unfortunately, coming from CA we didn't realize you we're 1 hour aead of us.  We called once the realization hit. We had 75 minutes to travel 60 miles.  We made every effort to arrive by 6:00, as we were told rather rudely, that the store was closing at 6 sharp.  At 5:55, from about 4 blocks away, we called again and asked if they could ready our purchase, that we would run in and buy. We were told NO, that we better arrive before 6, that "You have 4 minutes".  I cannot begin to express the frustration and anger that your store couldn't accommodate a simple request, and was completely unsympathetic to the fact that we were driving straight from LA to you.  In fact, I arrived at 6:00 on the dot, as Randy I believe was locking the door.  He could have cared less. While part of me says, "the people who run this store don't care about anything, why write this email", as a business owner and potential customer, you deserve to know why I will make it my personal mission on every review site, website etc to let other potential customers know, just how much you value our business.I have never been treated like that by any company or vendor, and as a fellow business owner, I'm appalled by the blatant attitude and disrespect. I don't know any other company who wouldn't have gladly tried to help us or offered a solution acceptable to both.I wish your business luck for the future. If you continue to treat customers like you did me, you won't have much of a business left.Respectfully!
5	I recommend that all my students do business here.  These guys are smart, friendly, and provide invaluable information.  They not only have what I need but often suggest better, smarter alternatives.  I'm very grateful to them.  They've helped me a great deal with regard to professional development.  Cost the same or less than internet sites.
5	I stopped into Phoenix for one night on my road trip cross country. Upon realizing my film camera wasn't working I looked up photo stores in the area and this one was closest. I'm so glad I came here- they gave me honest answers and didn't try to sell me things I didn't need. They were really nice and helpful to me and my friend who was also having camera problems. My camera is still working great.
5	This shop takes the time to explain the equipment the sell you. The were quick to help and friendly. They made sure my equipment was ready to use and that the lenses were protected with filters. Bill was really helpful.
1	I called this store to inquire if they had a Canon EF 50mm f/1.4 USM in stock.  They said they had a few.  I asked if they could get anywhere close the amazon's price.  He asked how much they were selling it for, and i replied $339.   He then started yelling at me that they are losing $40 on the lens, and good luck.  He was rude started bitching to me.  I asked could you do any better, and he basically said good luck and hung up the phone.  Get with the program.  The price of the lens is $399 retail.  Don't tell me you only make $20 on a lens sale.  I want to support local businesses, but I'm not going to drive 20 minutes to over pay for something I can have overnighted to me for $60 cheaper.   What is really ridiculous about the whole thing is I also ordered a $1100 L glass lens from amazon as well, which I paid full retail for.  They could have had both orders, if he didn't treat me like sh*t. If you want to survive as a local business, you need to be nice to your customers.  If you don't want to price match then be nice about it.  Don't try to bully someone into  buying something.  If you know a customer is just going to order it, I think you would be better off selling it and only making $20, then losing that business and any future business from the customer.  I have personally spend thousands upon thousands of dollars on photography equipment, always the highest end lenses, and camera bodies.  In fact I bought my last camera body at their store, but I will never make that mistake again.  You lost my business for good, and I am sure I will not be the last one.
4	I went here to try out a tripod before I buy. I also wanted to support a local business and not use them as a showroom for a cheaper online purchase. After some very helpful advice I did buy a tripod and a pan head.  After looking online I did get a competitive price for the model that I purchased, maybe a little higher, but I did get some great advice and service.
1	This place is the absolute worst. I would much rather go to best buy or use amazon. Every time I go in their I either don't get helped or the staff scoffs at me and act like I don't know what I am doing. I may be young but that doesn't mean I don't know how to use a camera or that I don't know when I'm being ripped off. Stay away from this store. I really wanted to support a local camera shop but they make it impossible for me to do so.
5	I had initially gone in to the store for a microphone for a friend's camera. I called first to see if they had the types of microphones that were required, and they said that they did.  So I drove down there and ended up buying a microphone however due to the distance on the microphone that I needed it didn't work as planned however the store took it back without question. No hassle and still were very helpful so I'm very happy with them.
4	We stopped in here with friends who are professional photographers that were looking for a lightweight camera to take with them while they backpacked the Grand Canyon. The person who helped us was incredibly knowledgable (without coming across as arrogant) and helped them select a great mirrorless camera. They also had a TON of equipment for professional and amateur photographers. Great shop!
5	My go to place for cameras and lense and everything else in between. The main reason I buy here is because of the expert consultation if you purchase the equipment here. That is much more important than saving a few dollars purchasing on line.I purchased the Nikon D7000, The Nikon 28 - 300 mm f3.5 Telephoto Zome, Nikon 50mm f1.8, Tokina 12-24mm wide angle,  Sigma 70 - 200 mm f2.8 and Sigma 150 - 500 mm f5.0 Telephoto Zoom.I generally work with Mike when I come in, he has sold me most of my equipment and has gone over many different settings to improve the sharpness of my photos. The times that Mike has not been there Bill has also helpedme and has not missed a beat with his expertise.The 2 - Sigma lense that I have purchased there have been less expensive than buying from Amazon.Will keep on going there and coming back for better equipment.Thanks Mike and Bill at Foto Forum!
5	Great camera store. Employees are very knowledgeable and take the time to answer your questions. Highly recommend!
