5	This place is a riot.  From a "tourist" stand point there is suprisingly alot of fun to be had.  Especially if you don't take yourself seriously.  My Dad, friend and I had an under cover security guard watching us closely by the time we left (not very sneaky sir).  Be sure to watch the fishing demonstration, watching live fish strike bait live is pretty dang cool.  If you're in Vegas, like the outdoors, and feel like releasing some of your redneck side, this place is great.
5	Wow, if taxidermied animals bother you, DON'T COME HERE. Thankfully, they don't bother me morally, I just am always scared that they're going to come back to live and BITE me!! Ok, they didn't do that, but thanks to the wonder of sport hunting, I touched a lion, a moose, a giraffe (it's not recently taxidermied-- the work is sloppy, it's clearly over 50 years old), some bears, a racoon, a couple pumas, a deer, etc. etc.The camouflage hunting gear they have is actually pretty fashionable if worn the right way. When people ask where you got it, there's nothing like the shock on their face when you tell them.They have a lot of strange stuff here-- a rock climbing wall, a shooting range, huge aquariums, a huge gallery of gun safes... the list goes on. This place fits perfectly next to Silverton, and there's even a little Nascar store nestled in-between. This place is hick heaven.Honestly though, they had some pretty cute sterling silver jewelry. Pick up a $2.95 cap to commemorate your experience!
4	This one's for the Husband, this place rocks.  Wow the mecca for sporting fanatics.  I hate all things fishing, hiking, hunting but Bass Pro has it all.  Love the live fish tank and all the boats on display.  They have such a large variety of everything there my husband can spend the whole day looking, good for me so I can go shopping at the outlets accross the freeway.  Anyways, you can find everything you would ever need to go fishing here, I have never seen so many reels in one place at one time!  Nice that's its attached to the Silverton, which is a nice hotel too.
4	surprisingly interesting...we were at the Silverton to look at the fish tank and water fall and decided to walk into this store.  Wow, so many taxidermied animals and all the outdoorsy things you ever thought of.  Even if you are not into it, it's worth a look.
4	If you like Bass Pro Shops...then you might be a redneck. Contrary to this statement, I am the opposite but I do like this store. Where else can you buy guns and ammo and shop for fishing rods. Aside from Wal Mart of course. They have tons of cool stuff at this store. A little over priced sometimes but you cannot help walk around this store and think that the USA is so awesome!
4	I mostly review fishing related places on yelp:I've been here only once. Its like going to Disney World. I was in heaven. If I would ever return to Vegas, I would stop here first.Plus they let me bring my dog inside.
5	Some people say Asians and rednecks are the same. I think that's pretty true. Something free and Asians will flock to it. The decoration inside this shop is pretty impressive. There's also a giant fish tank where you can watch fishing and feeding demonstrations of the large bass and catfish.
5	What do drinking beer, telling fish stories, and Copenhagen all have in common.... Besides pick up trucks and walmart. Yep you've got it, Bass Pro Shop. I think there is a little bit of Redneck in all of us, now don't take that wrong, I'm not saying you bathe in the lake or yell sooooooieee when dinner is ready. I'm talkin good ole huntin and fishin. These are only two of the many things they feature at the Bass Pro Shop.. I find some pretty nice clothes there for a more than reasonable price as well as some pretty good deals on shoes for my wife.. I have the best time in this store, knowing that I can buy everything needed to catch, cook, and preserve all the food I would need to get through the tough winters in Vegas all in one place, how could I not love this place.!!
3	A good place for hunters & fishermen. Interesting stuff to look at and a good way to blow a half hour if you have the time.The reason for 3 stars instead of more is they are very anti-gun unless it is typically labeled as a "Bambi killer" rifle, a little sarcasm here. Any question related to an "evil black rifle", like an AR-15, is treated as though you've committed a cardinal sin.I enjoy shooting guns of all calibers and different styles but Bass Pro is simply a Fudd gun shop for people who like to shoot turkeys, deer and other furry critters. Any sort of self defense firearm will not be sold here with the exception of Glocks and that's probably due to high demand.
4	Where else can you touch a real live bear, a lion or a moose and still have your hand back.   Well...I guess...they're...not to much alive...  Rather they are temporally asleep...stuffed away in poor animal lala land.      I felt the back of my head slapped and looked around and saw a bear's face...  Hmmm....that was weird.... So I approached it slowly...and..stared at it a little puzzled...and...then I hear my friends laughing..     My crazy prankster friends were playing dumb jokes on me with a fishing pole and the line was touching my head.       Great animal kingdom here....and be able to look at animals you've never been able to see before....  But they're dead.      Went to the live fish tank..saw huge fish.     I want one of everything.  Fishing rods and gear  for all your needs. Clothing of every kind.  Some pricy...some cheap...    I love the little shooting range that they have (see another yelper's photo).  Darn rifles are a rip off. Ripped off  two dollars of mine and sights are off.    They do have an awesome waterfall (my photo)!
4	A dog friendly store, my dog was able to walk throughout the store with me as long as she was on a leash, no problem.Lots to see,boats, fishing gear,clothing,gifts,etc...All in this 2 stories bldg,next to the Silverton Casino. Which of course do not allow pets,lol... Also perfect stop for the fisherman/woman and hunter,which they specialize in selling all kind of equipment and accessories for their needs..
3	My husband and I usually make a weekly weekend trip there to check out their sales and see what they have. They do allow dogs in their store, so if your pet is with you bring him/her inside!They have a decent pistol and rifle range.  Prices for the range are very cheap and they let you bring in your own ammo. Be careful on Saturdays though. They teach CCW classes on the weekends and the range fills up after 10am. So if you want to shoot, go early.The only big issue I have with the store is their gun staff. Out of all the numerous times I have been there, I have never been treated kindly or with respect. When you ask for help they tell you to take a number. When you take a number, they start helping people that walk right up without a number. Even when they follow the number system, it can take up to 30-45mins to get service. (And that's just standing there, because if you walk off and they call your number...when you return, you'll have to get a new number and wait once more.) When you finally snag someone, they try to rush you and act annoyed that you actually want to look or might have questions. Though they have decent prices on some of their weapons, my husband and I refuse to buy any weaponry from them because of their attitudes.
4	I've heard about this place for years and heard nothing but good things.  So this weekend I finally drove my entire clan to check the place out.I was expecting to be entertained, somewhat like Disneyland or a museum and let me tell you - I was not disappointed!We spent over three hours in the store checking everything out and we did not spend a penny here.We enjoyed looking at the camping gear, fishing stuff, guns, toys and food items they had.  It was a very unique experience.They seemed to carry everything you would need to go on an adventure.  Whether it be in the water, in the forest/mountains, hunting, hiking, COOKING!I am glad I came to visit, I will definitely come back when I am in the market for more camping gear.The staff was super friendly and it was an over all FUN place to shop and/or loiter.
5	What can I say I love Bass Pro!
4	I am not an outdoors person but I do admit this is one interesting store. They have all types of outdoor equipment from archery to hunting to fishing. The store has a huge selection of stuff to peruse. There's a fish tank and an indoor waterfall too. There's various animals, not sure if they are fake or stuffed ones all over the store the store is two floors and connected to the Silverton. The staff was friendly. The only odd thing was their gift cards say they are only good for two years or else the balance will be voided. But when i asked a cashier she said you can call a phone number or come into the store and they can make the balance active again which contradicts what's written on the gift card. If I were a man who wanted to camp and hunt something down, this would be my second home. ^_^*~
4	If you are in the mood for outdoor fun, this store has all the equipment, the clothes, and gizmo's and gadgets to help you enjoy it. My husband and I love to come in and browse every department. We used to fish a lot, but since our move to the valley there is less time for that, but none the less looking at all of their fishing supplies gives us pleasure and perhaps one day we'll go fishing again. But there are other departments to enjoy, they have a large selection of men's, women's and children's clothing, everything from everyday wear to the serious hiker, or camper. They took out the fine jewelry department, but they have kept the house wares with plenty of blankets, bathroom decor, and wind chimes. Perfect for my sister and her hubby since they are so "western", (they have cowboy themed bath towels), there is even cooking items. Like blueberry pancake batter and hot sauces, dutch oven apple pie, and canned corn and relishes. The upstairs has a nice selection of hand guns, riffles, an indoor shooting range, archery equipment, and all of the things needed to enjoy them. Since this store is connected to the Silverton Casino, once you're done browsing or buying, you can stop by the casino for a little gambling or dinner. Be sure to check out the two choppers just outside the store, as seen on the show, "American choppers" these bikes are awesome.
4	If you are in the market for a fishing rod, practice targets for your cross bow, new hiking boots, a Lodge cast iron skillet or some Columbia Outerwear, then BASS PRO is your place! I'm continually amazed at how much STUFF they have here, it is the Outdoor supplies MECCA!Make sure that when you visit Bass Pro you leave plenty of time to browse around, a good deal is probably just around the next aisle. During the holiday seasons they have some amazing specials and on the weekends they have free crafts and Santa for the kids. Make sure you catch a fishing demonstration in the big bass tank.Just a few items we visit Bass Pro for:wood chips for the smokerhiking booksammunitionfishing "stuff" (what exactly I don't know...ask my husband)outerwearI could stroll around this place for hours...LOL.
4	This review is long overdue. I love Bass Pro Shop. There's my review. JK. No really, I love BPS. They have everything I never dreamed I wanted and more. The tough part is sharing your time wisely in each department to guarantee you don't miss anything. If I was a millionaire I would rent this place out for a slumber party for myself and fifty of my closest friends. We could sleep in the tent section and eat space food and beef jerky. For entertainment we could play a game of archery or have raft pulling races in the isles. So many activities!!!! I'm especially fascinated by the amount of items you can get in camouflage. Bibles, flasks, aprons, socks, swimsuits, etc. This place is one of my happy places and always puts me in a better mood. The only reason they did not get a five star review is because I am irritated that 99% of the classes they offer are for kids so I'm pouting. But all of my friends that are reading this if you ever want to get me a gift this is the store I want a gift card for!!!! Lol.
5	The decor rocks!!  Recommend even non sports people to stop by just to look at the place.Store connects to the Silverton Casino which has some cool fish/jellyfish tanks.
5	No other outdoor store has ever come close to the sheer enourmity and variety of this Bass Pro shops, it is literally a small city of every outdoor need one could ever concieve of and more. Clothing, fishing rods, gun/rifles, dinghies and sport fishing boats, quads and trucks.....Anything related and they WILL have it. They even have 2 gigantic above ground, indoor and glass-walled pools stocked with fish, with fishing demo to show how baits look/present under water and more importantly, how fish react, strike and fight. How friggin cool is that? Did I mention its smack dab in the middle of the desert? I've strolled in on a sunday afternoon and spent hours in there without spending a dime.... Not too sure on how competitive the pricing is other than fishing gear, which seemed to be good. They had reels from $5 to elite $1000 reels.... If you want to kill, hunt, cook, sleep, hike, climb, run or basically do anything outdoors, I have a feeling that this place will take care of you. Certainly a place tostock up after the apocolypse hits and most everyone turns into zombies.
4	This place is ginormous. Everything that you could need or want that has anything to do with outdoors, this is the only place you need to shop. They have a range for both guns and bows plus arrows. They have a big fishing tank. They also have guns on the second floor out the wazoo, literally. Hunting equipment and gun safes are on the second floor as well. There is even a gun room where you can pick up a something that was finely crafted. Some of the weapons in this particular room cost in the tens of thousands of dollars. They sell clothes for men, women and children along with camping gear. At one point they were even selling boats, hopefully still are. This is probably the largest single store for anything I have ever been in to date. I have had to return a few items here and even though it took some time to complete the return, staff was able to help.
4	This place is huge.  Larger than the Basspro shops I've been to in California and Minnesota.  Basically more of everything, fishing, hunting, and clothes.  Nice place to get clothing and camping equipment.  But everything else is pricey.   This place is geared for a fishing and hunting outdoorsman.  Wish there were more technical camping stuff.  Its attached to the Silverton Casino, and check out the mermaid tank next door.   There is more and more taxidermy with cool moose, lions, and the live fish tanks.  Check out the shooting range,   My kids and I can roam through this place for hours.
5	I gotta admit, this place was so interesting that I didn't pay any attention to the merchandise or the fact that it's actually a store. So this review would be as an attraction.Taxidermists' wet dream without a lick of Normal Bates creepiness. Plenty o head-only trophies, with a good dose of entire bodies (Lions, Moose, Bear) accurately ensconced in a few square feet of their pseudo-natural habitat. Some good mannequin displays too (took a pic of my mom posing with a hunter replete with camouflage and night goggles). Schools of fish dangle from the ceiling.But the real kicker was the "King of Bucks", housed in an inconspicuous semi out front. It turned out to be an air conditioned carpeted display of 20 150+ pt buck head trophies from various years (one from the 1920's). Bordering on freaky with the semi being so narrow and all these buck eyes staring at you glassily from all sides....]Took more photos here than at the Bellagio.
5	This place is full of knowledgeable and friendly staff if you need help with their crossbow range or with firearms. A few years ago I also had the store gun smith change the sights on a few pistols and they did an excellent job. Whenever I purchase firearms out of state, I strongly recommend any Las Vegans to get it shipped to this location.
5	WOW, this place is HUGE. They have everything you'll need for all your outdoor festivities!
4	Does the thought of camping make you nauseated? Does the site of wild animals make you pee in your pants? Unless of course they're getting it on - in which case you watch (you know it) HA!!!  Do you ever think to yourself "Gosh, everyone seems to love the outdoors but I just hate it"....Well, I think you owe it to your naturalistic lacking self to pay Bass Pro Shop a visit.....On the drive over here dig up your Guns N Roses songs and hype yourself up with the wild kingdom anthem "Welcome to the Jungle" and then I think you're ready.....Enter Nature Baby!!!!!!!!!I honestly do not see myself doing much of any or all of the activities featured in this store and that's why this store is so great. You get an opportunity to try, visualize and truly invision yourself doing outdoorsey stuff that is out of your comfort zone and out of your normal day life!!!!There are alot of hands on stuff and things to see. This store does a really good job at making you feel like your outdoors and ready to take on that realm. ****Welcome to the Jungle Baby, Oh I mean Bass Pro Shops....****
4	A random Saturday, what better way that to spend it driving aimlessly and going into whatever seems the most appealing? Well, after hitting up the Target and various stores down the street, a friend and I decided to see the Mermaids at the Silverton. My friend decided we should cut through Bass Pro Shops in order to get to the main attraction. However, we ended up spending an hour in this store - the Mermaid was disappointing so this was our main attraction.Disneyland meets the wilderness - the only way I know how to describe this store. I was like a sugar-high child roaming the store - all of the taxidermy scenes, the adorably kitschy products. Not going to lie, I felt as though I pulled up to the parking lot in a Prius. I was feeling a bit out of place when I saw numerous trucks in the lot as well as the wall showcasing elk, moose, and various animal heads. However, in exploring the store I asked myself so many times "How could I not love this store?".The first level is mainly comprised of fishing gear, various children's items, adorably packaged food products, as well as a "shooting range" game. Needless to say, my friend and I explore this bottom floor like we were five years old. There are also some aquatic displays of indigenous Nevada fish - the coolest of which was a waterfall/pond set up with enormous fish inhabiting it! The second level was primarily hunting gear - from archery to the camouflage suits. Really, only things to entertain the most diehard of the outdoorsy. Even for a girl who loves her liberal notions, something about Bass Pro Shops riles up the inner child/hunter in me. It could be the hilarious taxidermy set-ups of dinner time with lions preying on anything from moose to coyote-type animals (which I was confused by, feeling as though they were combining two different continents in one display) or the kitschy products that speak to my imaginary outdoorsy side. Outdoor World was a million times better than what we actually went to the Silverton for.
5	We have these stores in Colorado and why did I venture in bass pro shops in Vegas go figure.  But I'm glad I did. They have a wide selection of everything you could possibly need. Great selection of hunting rifles and handguns. The waterfall and animals throughout I was in hunter heaven. They offer various fishing classes and ccw classes. I was impressed and no one can touch bps.
5	this place is huge. felt really like a museum with all of their animal displays and background information about the animals throughout the store. it's the closest I'd ever want to be to a bunch of lion. i know they're only displays but they're amazing felt like they were going to jump out at me. giraffes, deers, they have a nice waterfall at the entrance between Silverton and the store. really calm to just listen to water. they have little turtles and ducks and a fish that looks like a gator from the top. they have a shooting range, so you can practice your gun or bow shooting. they have everything you would need to enjoy the outdoors, fishing, hunting, camping, and just playing in the water.
5	After being blown away by the incredible California version of this store, I made it point to check out this Bass Pro Shop to see how it compared.There are a few differences.  It's a little smaller in size, there is no seafood restaurant inside, nor is there a fudge place, but even without all of that, the size of this place is unreal.  It's like "Casa Bonita" for the huntin'/fishin' crowd.  It's less a store, and more a retail theme park.Seriously, this place is MASSIVE, "smaller than" or not.  It's full of impressive displays and waterfalls, and aquariums and rivers.  There are games to play inside, and an archery range.  The mass amount of guns and bows and camping and cooking equipment, home goods, boats, ATVs, fishing tackle....  It's mind numbing.  It's like there is so much to see that you almost don't know what to do with yourself.Southern background or no, I'm not what you could call a "sportsman", but you would be foolish not to appreciate the sheer majesty of things they've crammed into this place.  It's absolutely stupid how awesome this place is.I finally broke down and bought some cooking stuff (and yearned over some other options).  I've been contemplating getting some fishing equipment....  I think I found the place to stock up.  I've always been a little snarky about sporting goods stores.  I know this.  But....  You've earned my respect, Bass Pro Shop.  Go in peace.All I know is, when the zombies finally rise up to quell their insatiable hunger, I am holing myself up in this place.  With the arsenal at hand, I doubt they'll ever be able to touch me, much less find me.
5	First time visiting and I was in awe. I could get lost for hours in here just wandering around and looking at everything. Beautifully laid out and jaw dropping scenery and fish tanks. Though I ended up in the casino while the guys shopped I still enjoyed being here.
4	If you like camping, hunting, and fishing stores this is the place for you. We were curious as we saw this huge store on the way to Vegas so we stopped in and browsed all the cool camping, hunting, and fishing gears they had. They had everything from archery, a good selection of firearms, boats, ATVs, pretty much everything outdoorsy-related you can think of.
4	If you have been in one B.P. store you have pretty much been all of them. They have a wide array of hunting,fishing and camping equipment. My review just doesn't do it justice, because the store is so massive. The thing that stands out for me is the world class trophy mounts. I could, and have easily spent several hours in this store. The staff is also very knowledgeable in their particular area. I trust their advice and expertise, because they have never let me down, and have always been spot on. It's almost like being a kid in a candy store when I go to Bass Pro.
4	If you love any out door activities you have to check this place out even if you are just bored this is a cool place to visit. they have all sorts of cool ass things in this place that you can go and look at.
4	I'm not an outdoorsy type of gal, but I really love coming here.  It's like Disneyland for people who like guns.  I've also never bought anything here, but I still love to visit this place.  It's fun to just walk around.1.) The place scares the crap out of me in a good way.  Wherever you turn there will be stuffed wildlife staring back at you or a mannequin in those horribly terrifying gilley suits.  You walk along, do doo dooo, and then BAM there's a bobcat in your face. Surprise!2.) It is really amazing to just look at all the different departments, all the gear, and all the equipment they have.  Because I'm so indoors, I walk around with my jaw open like, "Do people really need/use this?" It's a lesson in learning about other people's hobbies and interests.  I don't always get it, but it sure is fascinating.3.) The place is really beautiful in that they have a huge waterfall with sharks and fish in the pond, a model of a forest in the middle of the store, and a huge fish tank where they give LESSONS on how to fish.  Seriously, you could spend hours in there and it would fly by and you would be thoroughly entertained...and I don't even know how to use 80% of the stuff in that store!
4	For all things for out door living. Fishing, hunting, golf, hiking and camping this is the place.  We love coming in and browsing.  It's fun to look at the boats on display, check out the scopes for hunting riffles, and then pick up a few odds and ends for snacking.  I even find the clothing department interesting, as the women's stuff seems to be simple, down to earth but stylish.  Good fun and great place to shop for yourself, your family and friends.
4	I'm not a hunter, camper (never been, but I don't mind, because I'm a certified city girl- I do love hiking in Hawaii while on vacation, though), or extreme outdoor adventurer (maybe I would, but my husband's got a heights thing), but this tremendous place still impresses. We went here (a couple weeks ago) to see the Christmas display on the bottom floor (not a huge one, so my husband was disappointed) and to check out Santa (free photo during certain times; we went in the afternoon on a sunday, and there was quite a line for pictures). The animal displays (giraffe, moose) are neat to see (yes, they are real; they were hunted, after the meat was taken, they were donated) all throughout the store. The aquarium is neat, but still not sure what that large fish was (?), and there is bench seating in front of it. Also located on the bottom floor is a small section of Christmas ornaments (not our taste though), marine section, food pantry (packaged) section, outdoor clothing, and cash registers. On the upper level is the hunter section, shooting range, other weapons, and clothing. There is a stairwell overlooking a waterfall (pretty water feature). This entrance/exit leads to the casino. There is a huge parking lot. I'm not sure if concerts are still held here.
5	I brought the BF here when we were in Vegas.  His eyes, just sorta glazed over, and he looked like he had walked into heaven.  It was almost an hour before I could pull him out of the boat display alone.  We sat and watched a fishing demo, and he of course had to  look at anything and everything, and then - well, then we had to go and check out the upstairs too.  Not over priced, and at the holidays had lots of great items for the hunter or fisherman in your life.  We of course couldn't leave without hats.  :0)
1	I yanked my positive review because I have been waiting longer than promised to get the firearm they ordered for me.  I was going to buy something already in stock, but they charmed me with another gun that wasn't in stock yet.  They said they would order it for me and it should be there by the end of the 3 day waiting period.  I explained I wanted it for a long cross-country trip I would be making, some travel through pretty sketchy areas.  They were so helpful and friendly AT FIRST. I left the store last week in a pretty good mood, thinking I'd have protection from whatever hazards I may face out there during my travels.Now they are telling me the firearm might not arrive until the day I have to leave.As a woman, I am wary of traveling alone across half the USA without some sort of protection.  Now it is too late to buy something else as I am leaving in less than 3 days.  And my trip cannot be delayed, I am due half way across the country by Monday morning.If the gun arrives in time, I will take this down.  If not, then I do not recommend ordering anything shipped from a different store if you're in a time crunch.  Only buy what is in stock or go elsewhere.  At the time of this review, I am EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED.
4	This place is as close to heaven as you can get if you are an outdoor enthusiast! The store is huge with the largest selection of fishing gear that I have seen in a long time. They have an indoor shooting range if you are into that kind of thing and they have cool aquariums with different fish species that are native to the area.I mainly come here to buy clothes and gear for work. They have a large selection of warm weather gear and rugged boots.  The only down side for me is they don't carry steel toed boots for women!  What?!  Like we don't want our little piggies protected?!Anyways, outside of that minor flaw this place rocks and is a must visit for those looking for something out of the ordinary when visiting Las Vegas!
4	Hunter, fisherman, camper, archer, rifleman's heaven.  I wish they had one of these in Hawaii.
5	Great store for all outdoor needs!
2	We were looking for camping chairs and interested in checking out handguns (for "recreational target shooting purposes").  This place is like the Wal-Mart equivalent of outdoor gear: tons of stuff that looks better than it is.  I wasn't impressed by the condescending attitude of the gun guy; when asked about the difference between the $$$ and $ guns, he answered: "it's the same thing like with cars: one's a Ferrari and the other's a Ford."  Uh, helpful....could you tell us what features are included with the $$$ gun vs the $ gun?  Apparently not.Also wasn't impressed with the cheap quality of the chairs we saw.This place may be an interesting draw for tourists and outdoor enthusiasts, as it boasts a large aquarium in the middle of the store and various stuffed animals (not the cuddly kind!).  The store is huge -- either know what you want before you go or prepare yourself for a scavenger hunt.I tend to go to REI for my outdoor gear and will continue to do so, as their products are of higher quality and their staff genuinely wants to help you (and they have experience in whatever sport or activity you're buying for).
5	5/28/12Another 1st for us to visit...and this place is amazing!! We always drive by heading into and out of Vegas so we finally decided to stop by and check it out! It is seriously an outdoorsman's dream come true! The store is sooo HUGE they give u a map when U enter so u can check out all 4 acres of the store! Seriously...fascinating to see all the outdoors activities possible...I can't even describe in words...You just have to go and see it for yourself!! we heard that the largest store is actually 66 acres and part store part resort! WOW! It'd be fun to go see that sometime! Everyone was extremely friendly and nice, and though we felt like fish out of water..we had a great time!You also have to go check out the casino/resort that is connected to this place..it has the most amazing aquarium and jelly fish tank at the bar!
4	Great Place for anything you would need for any outdoor adventure. All they need is better customer service and more people to help the customers ( hunting section where the guns are stored). Other than that, it is a great place to explore.
4	Wow, they weren't kidding when they said this place was huge!  This was the first time I have been to a Bass Pro Shop and thought it was a nice store with plenty of variety.  We came from California so we weren't there to shop but more to look around.  There are plenty of stuffed animals posed around the store for pictures.  My daughter enjoyed taking photos with the themed benches and also had fun at the shooting range (that was a pretty good value for Vegas).  The fish pond was a hit too, although it was a little disheartening to see that huge fish in that small space.  Time for a bigger tank guys! Nice little place if you are looking to spend some time away from the glitz and glamour of the strip.
1	Bitter nasty old men at gun counter. Manager Ken is the sorriest excuse for a. Customer service representative that I ever have seen went into purchase to A.R. 15's at approximately $4000 walk out an hour later without receiving any help whatsoever called corporate and the stores regional manager waiting for response
4	I love to camp, shoot, and the outdoors in general. I mainly shop upstairs for stuff for my reloads and to deal with the guys at the gun counter. Neil and Don have helped me out immensely (sp) and their customer service is awesome. It scares me a lot, the people I see looking at guns.. a lot!! One guy bought a Taurus stainless steel revolver and made his purchase decision on a coin toss.. the worst part is he did all this with his 1 year old daughter right next to him. I've been here enough to see a lot of folks who don't know too much about firearms buy the weapon system based on the "cool factor"  or to look bad arse. Scary stuff.. thanks Hollywood. The store has a lot to offer and depending on what you're looking for you can get great deals. You have to know what you want and do your research..sometimes you can find items cheaper on-line.
4	So I know it's odd for me to be writing a review for Bass Pro, considering I don't like killing animals and all... but I come here quite a bit, actually.  The giant tank in the middle of the store with the big sturgeon in it?  My husband dives it.  I've been here more times than I can remember.And even though I'm not really into elk jerky or fishing poles or camouflaged-items, I'm going to be fair and rate this store for what it is:  A western-Pennsylvanian's paradise.Ok, so you don't have to be from western PA to enjoy the place.  I'm just writing from experience having grown up in a small (and I mean *small*) town south of Pittsburgh.  My high school got the first day of buck season off as a holiday!  Trust me when I say I know the people Bass Pro caters to.There is everything an outdoorsman could possible want and then some.  From the standard guns, bows, and fishing rods....to the venison cookbooks, camouflage loungers, and boat engines....to necklaces with trout charms and "How to Train Your Birding Dog" instructional DVDs.  Bass Pro is gigantic and you can spend an afternoon looking at everything.  Kids love the place.I enjoy checking out the boats and imagining which one I would get when I am old with money to spend.  I do not enjoy the giant, stuffed, dead giraffe or the small, stuffed, dead bear cub.  Or any of the dead animals that fill the building, really.  But that's me.Oh, and can I say that it's weird watching people check their guns at the door like we are in some kind large, odd, fishing-themed mafia gathering?Props for supporting the Boy Scouts and some food trucks by letting them serve food outside of the store.  More props for allowing dogs in the store (and for the signs reprimanding you to not leave them in the car).FYI: They also offer gun and archery ranges, various workshops, and I even saw a driver signing autographs during NASCAR weekend.  This place is five stars for the average buck hunter from western PA.  Four stars for most other people
4	I like Bass Pro shops as a place just to look around and enjoy the sporting goods and other items.  I came here yesterday to look for hiking shorts like I bought last year.  They didn't have the kind I wanted, but it was still a pleasant stop.I took the opportunity to walk around the boat area and marvel at the prices and be glad I didn't own one nor had to pay for it.  This whole store is a visual feast.  Lots of good people watching, a great selection of clothes (well almost), and surprisingly an area with a large selection of hot sauces.I'll be back and I hope they restock the shorts I got before.
4	This is a great place to walk around. Esp if you're one of the selfish people who drags their kids to vegas. At least they'd get something out of being in the city besides yelled at and neglected.
4	Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.This "man store" has it all, well, most of it.  It has anything related to fishing & hunting.  Prices are good & reasonable, but sure, there might be a deal or two out there that's cheaper via the internet.  This location reminds me of a cross between an outdoor sports store, a boat dealership, the Food Network and Disneyland... except for men.  To possibly receive a 5-star rating: 1. The tactical gear/clothing section could use a little work.  I know Bass Pro Shops is more geared for outdoor sports, but  since you carry a tactical gear section, it should be the best if that's what you're aiming to be.  2. Add a fee-based indoor shooting range.  It's a good way for you to bring in extra $$ while also keeping people around to buy your stuff.  Plus, it makes sense since you sell firearms, ammunition, accessories and targets.  3. Expand your horizons/knowledge of outdoor recreational activities.  Include things like climbing gear (think REI).  You could really do some damage if your company merged with REI or at least took some pages out of their book.  4. Offer a loyalty-based "annual dividend"/discount program like the one REI has.  Combined with their legendary customer service and return program, they're my #1 go-to place for outdoor equipment.  You're missing out.5. Some of the gear you offer is for amateur cheapskates.  Offer some higher-end products.  Take a look at the lifejacket/PFD department, for instance.  All that stuff sucks, and is only for someone who is either really cheap or doesn't care about what they're buying.  On that note, the swimming goggle section sucks, too.  I was there to check out some Columbia shirts, then decided to look around for other things.  Since I was looking for some good swimming goggles, I stopped by that section, but quickly left when I realized that it sucks.  Again, you're missing out on sales.
4	I was leaving Las Vegas and I had seen Bass Pro Shops and had always wanted to Browse at one . So I pointed Black Beauty in that direction and rolled there. I Stashed Black Beauty in the Parking lot and rolled up . Bass Pro Shops was having a Customer Appreciation BBQ and was passing out Grilled Hot Dogs . Score nothing like a free snack lol. I then entered the store and was amazed at the inventory of sporting goods . I was in Paradise. The Place is Huge!!! The second floor was stocked with Guns and Ammo  and an Indoor Shooting Range. I was able to pickup some ammo for my Shotgun. I had used it up in the Dessert.Then they were running a special on Real Tree Camo Score . I love Camo Clothes.They had a lot of attractive sales folks there and there very helpful.They also have a huge Cutlery section . I was able to Pickup a nice SOG Combat Axe.Definitely a Big Boy Toy Store. I charged it and rolled outside for a few more dogs and rolled out.
5	What an awesome place this is... My kid loves the fish tanks.  There is so much to see and do here.  Even if you're not the outdoorsy type, it's a cool place to be.  On the weekend, the Boy Scouts of America usually cook/sell food for charity (out in front BPS)...  Try one of their fried Snickers bars, or a fried Twinkie.
1	I've been to BPS many times. Typically I am dragged here by my husband so he can ogle boats and other outdoor accessories. Yesterday we went because he wanted to look at boats. We went directly to the area and began checking them out. Not once did an employee appear to help us. In fact, there were no employees in sight the entire time we searched over the boats. My husband actually really wanted to inquire about a small, plastic fishing boat so we had to search around for an employee.We found two men working by where the really expensive reels are located for fishing and we stood in front of their counter, obviously needing help. One of the men was talking with another customer, but the other (younger one) was doing nothing. I even made eye contact with him and he just stood there instead of helping us. So we walked elsewhere. When we came around a corner I saw FOUR, yes, FOUR BPS employees just standing around in a circle talking. I went over to them and said, "Excuse me" and finally one of them asked if he could help us. GEE, THANKS? Yes, I would like some help.One of the older gentleman then pawned off one of the younger men to help us. "For the next 12 minutes, since it's almost time to go home!". I guess BPS values the need of their employees to stand around and do nothing for a half an hour before quitting time, than they do actually helping customers. While the store itself is massive and impressive, the items are WAY overpriced. You could get a majority of this stuff at smaller sportsman stores or online even for way cheaper. And, the customer service sucks.
4	The sheer quantity and variety of outdoor gear at Bass Pro Shops is mind boggling. The eye-tastic design of the place is awesome. From the stuffed animal dioramas to the live STURGEON in the ponds by the waterfall to the gi-freaking-normous fish tank, if you've never been here before you'll have a great time just looking at everything.I primarily come to the store to use their indoor archery range. They have a good selection of archery products in their second floor bow hunting department. It is geared entirely towards hunting though, so you will not find the colorful recurve bows you may have seen watching the Olympic games.The staff at this store are friendly and helpful.
4	A trip to Bass Pro is always fun. Love the decor, the displays and the locations.
5	This place is huge, we spent at least a couple hours there. They have something for everyone and everyone that worked there was so helpful and they felt like old friends.
3	This place is huge! I sometimes come here just to walk around and look at random things. Customer service is ok here, it's either hit or miss depending on who's working and you usually have to seek out help. Don't come here expecting to stand around thinking that someone is going to ask if you need help. The employees here are either really busy, or they don't have enough people working to cover the store. Pricing is moderate, some things are overpriced. I really like their selection of store branded items such as Red Head, Bass Pro, etc. Good quality items without the name brand price. Also, if you sign up for the rewards program you can collect points for a 2% rebate on eligible purchases. This is one of the main reasons I continue to shop here
5	This shop is definitely not for everyone. I love stopping here though to see all the hunting gear. It's so off-the-wall and random due to how many things you can find here. For example, my brother and I found a bb gun specifically for shooting squirrels.  You just don't find that sort of thing in Los Angeles where we're from haha!It's on the 215 just before you get into Vegas and definitely worth a pitstop
4	I love this store.  Its located right next door to the Silverton Casino.  It is HUGE store to explore, and kid friendly too.  On the first floor, if you are entering in the front entrance, to the right is where you will see the activity center for children/family.  This shop often has many events here for almost every holiday.  You will see a lot of people taking photos with all the taxidermy around the store. LOL This store is mainly for your outdoors men.  From fishing, boating, camping, hunting, archery, guns & rifles, pet supplies, survival supplies, the list goes on.  They even have an indoor shooting range and archery range which I still haven't tried...but soon will.  Every time I go upstairs, they are always busy in the gun and knifes section, so if you are looking for a new gun, be prepared to wait awhile.  Each time that I have gone there and asked for help, every staff member has been pleasant, so overall a good experience.  Yelpers, be prepared, It probably could take half a day to explore every inch of the store.
1	the only reason id shop here is if i absolutely need something. i remember asking one of the guys at the gun shop "hey do you guys carry ar15's?"he replies loudly with attitude "we do not sell tactical firearms!"ok first of all its just a question. second, then why is bass pro selling a H&K USP .45 with a threaded barrel for a suppressor?
4	I love Bass Pro Shop.  It is like an amusement park for the outdoor entheusiast. Walk in and go to the right and you will find yourself in the boating and fishing area. Look up and you will see schools of fish and the underside of a boat. It is as if you are under water. Off to the left there is a vast collection of stuffed animals. I don't mean the plush animals that sit on a 10 year old girls bed. I am talking about life size actual taxadermied animals. Giraffe, lions, bears, skunks, javelinas, birds and more. There are live fish throughout the store. Both in aquariums and in streams. From small perch to giant sturgeon and many sizes in between. There is any number of items for sale here. Pistols, rifles, shot guns and knives. Basic clothing and hunting clothing. Shoes and socks. Furniture and decorations. Food and sauces. Cooking gear and camping gear. This place has it all. A few things worth noting on the bad side of things, there is an escalater that goes up but not one that goes down. There is, however, an elevator that does both. I like that the ammo is self service rather than waiting at the busy gun counter but they are often sold out of ammo. Especially right now with gun control a hot topic in the media. And the gun counter is not the greatest. They are always busy and not always willing to help. The prices aren't great either. I can buy my firearms cheaper elsewhere and with better service. But guns aren't all I am interested in. I come to Bass Pro for my shoes. I can get New Balance for sometimes $34.99 if on sale usually a couple times a year. Not bad.  I usually leave with some beef jerky and some gummy worms. Sometimes I buy nothing at all. I have no problem going in there and just walking around for a while.
1	Customer service here is the worst I have ever experienced. I will not shop at Bass Pro again. I bought a gun and had to wait 3 days to pick it up. When I went to pick it up, you have to take a number to get waited on, I got my number and with one person in front of me, had to wait for over an hour to be waited on so I could get my gun. There were at least 4 people working behind the counter and most of what they did was talk to each other. I will shop elsewhere from now on.
4	Bass Pro Shops is a magic wonderland for the outdoorsy adult. Here, in this giant 165,000 sq ft, multi level store, you'll be able to find a wide range items for whatever your hobby may be. They have sections for fishing, hunting, camping, marine, outdoor, clothing, hot sauces..you name it, they have it. In additional to standard customer service and information counters, they offer live fishing demonstrations and other interactive lessons.  Their prices are higher than average, but their selection unbeatable. I know currently ammo is a hot ticket item, and we have been able to get lucky and find some of what we need, but they do impose a qty purchased limit on certain type of ammo. The customer service clerk informed us that they fly off the shelf as soon as they hit. Pretty crazy!Bass Pro Shops is a fun place to just wander around and check out all of the cool decorations even if you don't intend on buying anything.
4	oh dear!  An outdoor fanatic could spend an entire day here and do some serious damage. This place is HUGE - over 165k square feet. I came here more for the experience and not to purchase anything in particular but had a few items in mind in case I came across them. The camping selection is awesome and I loved all the different portable smokers and BBQ units that they had on display.  They have everything from basic camping needs to the more extreme prepping. They even had lots of food prep/processing items such a dehydrators, meat slicers and even sausage makers. Seeing them all displayed was actually pretty cool.I was hoping to purchase hearing protector (preferably Browning) since I have been using the cheap styrofoam ones at the range but was disappointed when they didn't have any in stock. They had the high end 100+ dollar ones and some other models but none of them were appealing enough to take the leap.They also had very little Browning branded items. I am looking for a pack to tie around my waist when i'm out there shooting trap and skeep and didn't find anything either. Perhaps they aren't a big dealer but was expecting a little more inventory than they had so was disappointed in that but if they're not a big browning dealing, I shouldn't be too hard on them. These two sections were the two that I spent most time in but they have anything imaginable for the outdoors. It was definitely a fun trip to make outside of the usual vegas shenanigans.  Oh, I loved the huge fish tank they had in the middle of the store and all the mounted animals throughout the store. The Lions on display by the camping section was great as was the huge giraffe.  I want a pet giraffe... = )
5	I am still stunned by our fantastic experience at the Outdoor World.  My husband mentioned he needed to go pick up some waders he ordered online, and he wanted to take our son along to look at the fish.  I apprehensively tagged along.  Boy was I surprised.  This turned into a full family field trip of fun.  All of the staff was very bubbly and helpful.  We had a blast showing our little one the animals, fish tank, river, shooting range and more.  The major shocker: ummm, mama spent $250 on super fabulous and fashionable new clothes!  Who knew?!?? All of the cute styles are being held at the Bass Pro Shops!  I know, I know, I am still in disbelief as I type it...but it's true.  Fun for the whole family!
5	This store is a must for visiting fishermen from Hawaii.  There are many items here which you only see online, in catalogs or on tv.  A good friend of mine recently gave me a hot tip, try rigging the old curly tail using two beads and a prop.  He said that at times, its almost like cheating.   The prop is a fly fishing item, not to be found back home.  It was available here in two sizes, in nickel and brass.  As for clothes, its the start of spring meaning clearance on winter clothes, not too helpful for shoppers from Hawaii.  I am guessing that fall would be the best time for visitors from Hawaii.  Buy you beef jerky omiyage here, cheaper than in downtown.  The bacon jerky was really ono (tasty)!  Don't forget the obligatory Las Vegas Basspro t-shirt.
4	Felt like I stepped into an episode of Duck Dynasty. . . . this place is redneck paradise.  Being originally from Missouri, I absolutely love this place.  Here you can find ample hunting, fishing and outdoor equipment.  Clothing, foodstuffs, guns, archery, baits, ATVS, boats, trailers. . . you name it. . this place has everything an outdoor enthusiast needs.There's an indoor shooting range, archery range and huge fish tank where demonstrations are given.  A must visit if you are in the area, even if you aren't the outdoor type . . its good fun!
5	About a month ago I bought my first firearm. I did my research & was dead set on a Glock! Once I got into the store & made my way up stairs I was greeted by one of the gentlemen behind the counter. He immediately helped me out & gave his opinion on what he thought would be a good fit for me. He recommended a Beretta to me because it has a dedicated safety and hardly any recoil. I must say after finally shooting the gun he was correct! I appreciate the fact that he gave his honest opinion and didn't treat me differently because I was a woman buying a gun. Just for reference they do have a 72 hour hold for new gun owners(Just in case u might have a vendetta against someone) it's a good policy to have. They did everything by the book, & even gave me 2 free visits to their gun range! I highy recommend them if ur a first time gun buyer.
4	this place is freaking cool and suprisingly they have great prices
5	A vast planet of selection...beyond huge...stable employee base...competitive prices...and they have clothes in my size for the most part unlike many of the other strip mall places.That alone is worth 5 stars. Shoes, pants, shirts, socks...all styles usually in my size. Big selection. I'm not even talking about the overwhelmingly large choice in weaponry or gear...I'm talking about the clothes. Yes, the weaponry and gear is unsurpassed in selection (and probably price)...but I'm just ...talking..about..the..clothes.And then there is the entire ambience. This is worth a completely different 5 stars. There are three "features" of the ambience. There is the large fresh-water aquarium near the boats, the smaller fresh-water aquarium near the fly-fishing section...and then...the Opus Grande of fresh-water features...the Waterfall area toward the front of the store.Yes...Opus Grande. Waterfall upon waterfull...for what? Turtles. And ducks. And one big sassy catfish. And a whole family of Koi. The turtles are of the breed "Red Eared Slider". The ducks are...well...ducks. I nicknamed one of the turtles "Bob The Surfer". Hours this turtle spends swimming toward the 6' advance in altitude toward the top of the water fall area. Crawling, struggling, painstakingly maneuvering, backsliding, trying again...hours upon hours this turtle tries to make it all the way up to the top part of the water fall area. And sometimes he makes it, and basks in the splashing and the splattering for a while...then...crawls with malice of forethought to the edge of the waterfall...and SuRfS down to the bottom of the pond area. *(kerplunk)*.A better dramatic score has never been written as when you witness "Bob The Surfer" in the waterfall feature.
4	We almost spent a whole hour just wondering around this place. Living in SF, BPS has nothing that is needed, but it was a fasinating place. Tons of different departments. Lots of taxidermes, fish tanks, and displays - felt like a museum attached to a casino.
5	As someone who loves the great outdoors, I have to admit, I love Bass Pro Shops. I'm not a survivalist or a tree hugger, I just enjoy outdoor activities to include camping, fishing and hiking etc. It doesn't matter if I don't need to buy anything, I enjoy just walking around looking to see what's for and or on sale. Bass Pro Shops is one of the few stores that can make me relate to how people can spend hours, shopping in the same store. I've done it on more than a few occasions.
5	This is a fun place for the family to visit. It's got a fish tank, target shooting, taxidermy, indoor miniature waterfalls, stuffed animals for kids to look at and good quality outdoor clothing and gear. There's also fun stuff, like the various hot sauces with the naughty names (Butt Pucker, anyone?) and other novelties. Good candy, Western style goods, and, of course, hunting and fishing gear. They have fishing classes, too! My teen son had a good time just looking around this vast, two-floor center.  We'll be back with more money next time!
5	I have never walked into a place like this.  Walking in was pretty exciting for me.  I wanted to buy everything (boat, river gear, hunting gear, fishing equipment, etc!) and go on an explorer LOLI only came here because my friend told me that they sold mase here.  I asked the staff and all of them said they only sold pepper spray.  So lame, I came so far for nothing! Just kidding.  I later found out after we had left that the mase was there, just in a different section.  The staff should definitely know all or most of the things they sell.  I don't know when will be the next time I'd go to this place...
5	Wow, this store has everything! My hubby is addicted to this place, so we are here pretty regularly.  I don't know much about the stuff in the store, but I know they have everything! My hubby is into fishing, camping, and guns, so those are the areas we visit the most. I do have to say the selection in these departments are huge! If they don't have something you are looking for, then it doesn't exist. The people that work there are pretty helpful as well.  This si great for me when I am trying to get a gift for my hubby without him around.The only bad thing about this store is that it has gotten my hubby interested in archery, fly fishing, boats, ATVs, and possibly hunting.  My hubby should get a PT job here just for the discounts because we could save a lot of cash that way with the employee discount.Yep, we spend a lot of money in this store.  We should buy stock ASAP!
4	Four Stars only because I've been to the original store in Springfield, which is just plain amazing.  I was in LV to get married, and get married I did!!  This city is absolute torture on feet.  I do not know why, but it is.  As such, I was in the market for some alternate footwear, as my sneakers had shown themselves unequal to the task, and my wedding shoes, though awesome, were not a viable alternative.  We ended up at Bass Pro, because my feet are annoyingly non-standard, and I figured I needed some serious footwear, rather than something flashy and flimsy.  I was not disappointed.  Outdoorsy folk are rather tough on their gear, and rather demanding of its quality.  After a few attempts, I found shoes that made my feet instantly transition from hurting to comfortable.  I now own them.  Thanks, Bass Pro, for making the last couple days of my wedding trip enjoyable.
4	Sittin at the light. A cop is directing traffic and we're not moving. I guess it's Warped Tour. These people are nuts to be standing out here, on black asphalt, with no shade. Other wise, I freakin love this place. The name speaks for itself. It shares building/property with The Silverton Casino. So one of the perks that the Vegas Pro shop has is The Mermaid Bar.Update: Over 300 people were taken to the hospital and treated for heat exhaustion. If you're going to come here, in the summer, you better take precaution. This town ain't for sissies.
2	The ammo selection currently suffers due to the nationwide shortages, and probably the number of stores.  Recently purchased a handgun, the staff is not incredibly knowledgable, and I felt they were doing me a favor selling me a gun.  sorry for the intrusion...The manager who checked the final paperwork did not look at me, talk to me, or even hand my ID back.  Just dropped it on the counter, walked away.  Well, sorry, again.Handgun selection is improving, prices are mostly MSRP, with some exceptions.  An entirely average experience, shop there just to see if there is anything interesting.  last week there was, I bought, but, well, was not especially cared about.  Hey, it was only a grand, maybe great service has a price threshold.
4	Firearms, fishing, boats, golf supplies, camo, camping gear....this place is heaven.I have been helped numerous times by the staff in the fishing and fly fishing sections with gear recommendations and tackle setup, as well as suggested fishing areas in the Valley.My kids enjoy going with dad to look at the big fish tanks, and I can even drag my wife along as she enjoys looking at all of the gear too.I will say be careful with the bass pro brands; for the price the quality is decent, but do some shopping first if you are looking for higher quality.  Their gear is great for beginning though if you are not sure about a hobby.Also be sure to manage your rewards card and wait for sales!
5	One of the coolest Bass Pro Shops in the country. If you are in the area, are into redneck stuff, you gotta stop by! This place is more exciting to me than the Vegas Strip!
4	As a tourist attraction, this place is awesome! So large and so much to browse through. The large tank in the middle with all the fish is spectacular. All the life sized animals were a site to see.If I actually needed to get something for the outdoor, be it hunting gear, fishing gear, camping gear, this spot has it ALL! It's like Big 5, Dick's, and Amazon combined into one!WOAH!
4	If you are any kind of outdoor type person then this is the place for you! This place is huge! Anything that has to do with the outdoors is here.So how does this relate to me you might ask? Well, eventually im gonna convince my fam to go on a camping trip so why not start by shopping for the essentials like an airbed, a tent, and some guns. Ok, maybe not guns but you still need some kind of weapon to protect yourself right? Maybe I can just go rent a doberman or pit bull and have them set up in front of our tent when we go to sleep? Is that even possible?Anyways, back to my review. The kind of things they have here is just plain ridiculous. You not only have just one floor but two! Not a bad place to be if there was a zombie apocalypse goin on. If you cant find what you're looking for here then you don't need it!Some bonus features are that they have a nice aquarium towards the back of the store where you can watch the fish get fed daily. Now if you go even more towards the back where the Siverton Casino connects, there is even a bigger aquarium where they gotta have scuba divers go in just to keep the place clean. If you're lucky enough, at certain times of the day, a mermaid will be in there swimming around blowing water kisses at you.Their location is perfect because from the 15 freeway, you cant miss the giant Bass Pro Shop sign. For your convenience, if you get tired shopping or wanna save time and not go home at all, they are connected to Silverton Casino/Hotel. So grab a room, rest up and get back at it again in the morning!
4	Prices can be a bit high but definetly have a good selection on just about any product.  When looking at the guns and ammo we were helped by a very knowledgeable associate that took the time to explain different features and benefits to multiple types of guns ranging from the multiple caliber hand guns, rifles and shotguns. Definetly will be back to shop again.
1	I went here to buy a couple of guns. It was my first trip here because it is a hike to get here from my house. I was initially impressed with the place. They had a very nice selection and good prices. The staff wasn't overly enthusiastic, but they were friendly and efficient. They had what I wanted, they specific handgun and rifle.I decided I would go ahead with the purchase as well as a couple hundred in accessories. I spent an hour or two filling out the paperwork for the gun purchases, then went to pay for the background check when they informed me of their new policy of not taking temporary debit cards. or debit cards at all. They will only accept credit cards with the proper name on them. OK i was told to talk to customer service, while they proceeded with my background check.I discussed the situation with the manager, who proceeded to inform me that it is store policy and no exceptions would be made. I told him It was for a fairly large purchase, and that they had copies of my id  and background check and were only lacking a blood sample. He told me he wasn't interested in keeping my business and a refund would be given for the background check. He said the policy was for my protection and would not be waived under any circumstances. I informed him that it was in fact, not for my protection, but for the stores. Which I said was fine, but misleading and should be posted. If they wanted to protect me they would take debit cards where a pin is required. The reason i had a temp card was because when I had one with my name I was a victim of identity theft, so i'm missing the protecting me part. Besides with all that ID and background I gave them if I was committing fraud it wouldn't be too hard to find me. It was probably a big mistake not to make the sale because it would be so easy to prosecute me.When all is said and done anywhere that says they would rather not have my business and won't even discuss the reasonableness of their policies, I Say fine I will no longer Patronize you and I will tell everyone I know not to patronize your business. And I do know  a lot of local sportsmen.
4	Huge sporting good store attached to the Silverton casino. They have a waterfall with ducks and koi! They also have one of those shooting ranges you see in theme parks! I bought a dried corn on the cob that is suppose to become popcorn in the microwave! SO COOL!
4	I think this store is so cool. Every time I'm here I'm inspired to plan another camping trip or do some hiking. Probably the biggest store of any kind I've ever seen. I'm already easily distracted so when I'm here, it's like sensory overload. Oh look here's some sleeping bags. Oh look over here an aquarium. Is that a mermaid? Neat! Want to buy a gun? How about a boat or a fishing rod. Hmm, let's check out all the taxidermy mounted on the wall. Feel the sudden urge to go rock climbing? Why not? This store seriously has everything. If you can't find it here, it probably doesn't exist, haha!
4	Very clean, amazing Wild life views if you have children you should bring them they will love it
5	I normally go to the one in Rancho Cucamonga because well, it's close by to home. But I come to this one almost everytime I'm in Vegas just because whether I need to buy anything or not. It's about the same but the only gripe I have is they don't have the lures/jigs that I'm looking for because these stores cater to what people are buying while fishing in the area. No biggie. I just have choices between the two stores.
5	Toys R Us is to kids as Bass Pro Shops is to adults. If you love firearms, camping, knives, fishing, golfing, hiking, boating, hunting, ATV's, archery, or all of the above, this store is for YOU. Literally, every time we go to Vegas I have to stop at this Bass Pro Shops to stock up on ammo. Conveniently found next next to I-15 on Blue Diamond Road, Bass Pro Shops is my welcome committee to Las Vegas from California.On my last visit we walked the store and found our way towards the giant aquariums and the mermaid painting exhibits at the Silverton Casino connection. What can I say, my wife likes mermaids. After looking at mermaids and stocking up on ammo, I found my way towards the crossbows on the second floor. I fell in love with a Parker Compound Crossbow. I think I found my new hubby to compliment shooting.If are visiting Vegas, love the outdoors, and have not been to Bass Pro Shops, stop by and enjoy a good walk through this great store.
5	This place has it all, a fun visit even if you aren't buying anything. Boats, aquariums, and taxidermied animals of all kinds, even a full-size stuffed giraffe!
4	If you're like me and love anything to do with outdoor sports. Than this is definitely a bucket list location. Although I don't live in Nevada and love in Hawaii, Bass Pro was like a mini disneyland for me! It had everything I could want and more. The only exception, the lack of available help. I searched for someone to answer a few questions I had, but everyone had other things to do. Than when I did grab a hold of a person, I felt like I was bothering them. So a 10 for presentation. And a 4 for customer service. That pretty much sums up my experience there. But I willBe back!!!
5	This place one giant adventure in itself.  They have such a nice atmosphere here, it reminds me of all the childhood memories I had of camping with my parents.  They have a bunch of fish tanks in and around the store. They sell just about anything that has to do with nature, camping supplies, 4x4 equipment and even hunting.  I would rather do my shopping here than sports authority any day.  I'm a back woods kinda gal. Grew up enjoying nature, off road vehicles & mud.  Even bought my bf's first gun here for about 500 bucks. LC9 Ruger. Of course now he wants something bigger...  He even got a free shooting session with the purchase. I love the fact they have a rewards club card, he get's offer all the time in the mail.
5	I love the customer service that these employees give me! I bought the Barnett Wildcat C5 crossbow, only to fall victim to bad installation and assembly (by some unidentifiable associate from the store, according to their words), which caused my bow strings to fray dangerously after 20 shots (it can snap, and slash me across the face with 150+ pounds of force). But as soon as I walked in there hopping mad, they promptly BUILT ME A NEW WILDCAT from scratch and damaged the broken one out, at NO CHARGE!!! WIth NO ARGUMENTS, or BACKTALK! :D. They even threw in a bundle of free crossbow bolts to make me happy.But the staff and management really needs to tell those annoying Boy Scout Donations kids and their grown up attendants to LEAVE THE PREMISES IMMEDIATELY! They wouldn't stop bothering us customers when we have important things to do, like either trying to get our $400.00 back or getting damaged goods replaced. There is only one entrance and one exit to the shops for customers.I brought it up to the Customer Service Desk when they were reimbursing me a new crossbow, and they told me that at some point before, these Boy Scout kids and their adult volunteers were known to circle and harass not only incoming customers, but EMPLOYEES of the Bass Pro Shops. Apparently their scheme is to send a hoard of little Boy Scouts to circle their victims to pester for donations. Being a former retail store employee, most people are IN A RUSH to get to work on time, putting in their employee # on the pad and clock in. A tardiness of a few minutes can be unacceptable depending on the standards of the retail chain. Now Bass Pro Shops, I know this store and your parking lot is YOUR PROPERTY, or at least leased from whoever runs Silverton Casinos I guess, but you have EVERY RIGHT to end these shenanigans now. You can 1) Send in a Store/General Manager to tell them to leave or relocate to another less intrusive section of the parking lot, 2) Call the police and have them tell the Boy Scouts Organization the same message, 3) Put up "No Solicitation Signs" under penalty of a misdemeanor and a hefty fine. Personally, I do not believe these Boy Scout Volunteer kids have any clue what they are getting into, and that the simple tragedy that GROWN UP ADULTS are GROOMING YOUNG CHILDREN to pester people who supposedly "have money" is SICK. This is the tip of the iceberg of the legal issues surrounding the Boy Scouts, you can Google the rest. Some of the controversies are pretty wild.
5	i love animals... they taste good. so whenever i feel like hunting, i go here. great selection and it helps me stay in touch with my red neck roots.
5	Free easter bunny is awesome.  Staff is nice.Prices are hit or missThey have a huge selection of guns.
1	Honestly it pains me to even give them one star in customer service. I live out on the north end of Las Vegas and wanted to take my son to see the Easter bunny. My mom loves Bass Pro shop for their presentation and has taken my son here previously for Christmas and had a good experience. Unfortunately I did not. I checked the website and it does state the Easter Bunny is available till 8 pm. Due to my work schedule and dressing my son up we have arrived at 7:10pm and was turned away because we did not arrive before 7 pm. No where on the website or anywhere else does it state they will no longer be taking customers after 7. Bass Pro shop should know better to clarify this to their customers. If the advertisement says 8pm, families do think they are able to make it by 8pm. Now my four year old is upset and thinks he lost out. I would have not come and avoided this situation if I had known. Shame on you Bass Pro shop. Because my son wasn't the only child who was heart broken due to your false advertisement
5	Luv this location. Shopping here is great. It is also one of my grandsons fav places to come and hangout. He likes to play in the shooting range. They have some great kids activities during the summer. It is also great how it connects into the casino as well ...
5	All the adventure of the outdoors without the risks and inconvenience. ..that's Bass Pro Shops!  I feel like I've been on a safari in the wilderness!  Just seeing all of the animals and equipment is very educational and fun!  There is a variety of clothing for men and women;  and even purses and jewelry! I like the shooting game and the live fishing lessons!  My favorite was the golf contest for longest drive.  No other female entered,  so I thought. ..guarantee win!  I swung as hard as I could ...that ball ricocheted all over the four walls and ceiling! !  Then, at the last minute,  another female entered.  Gosh...her husband was coaching her well. I thought I was doomed.  Luckily,  her technique didn't match my brute power,  so I ended up winning a box of golf balls!  Love this store!
5	I went there today and like always the people are nice always trying to lend a helping hand .I've always loved going . Ever since my dad first brought me here when I was younger I've always looked forward to our next trip here.
4	Fun place to hang out.Pretty much everything for an outdoor enthusiast.If your into this stuff easy to kill 3-4 hours here.Oh yeah they sell this stuff too.
3	The 3 stars is for the quality of the merchandise they carry. It is not like some sports stores which commingle shoddy merchandise with quality stuff. Now for the two missing stars. You will be paying the msrp which I found in the firearms department. However  I did find another large box was charging me above the msrp. The other missing star is that I found you can ask three employees the same question and get three totally different answers. It is also annoying that they are extremely aggressive in pushing their credit card to the point you feel like screaming at them. All in all putting the negatives aside it is not a bad shopping experience due to the very large selections.
4	Amazing store my son's loved the fish tanks and all the animal displays.  Customer service could be a little friendly some where and some where not. But a beautiful store.
5	I'm sooooo not a Bass Pro Shop fan but this store is a mini amusement park! OMG! There's boats in the store! Are you kidding me? Like fishing boats and I would totally buy one lol.  I literally felt like I just walked into Wonderland! There's so much to see including two aquariums with various kinds of fish and turtles.  I thought it would be a quick walk around the store but when you have an Archery Range in a room in the store, that can give you an idea of how big this store is.  There's an upstairs with equally interesting things there.  They literally have anything you need to shop and camp overnight.  Attire, equipment, supplies, back up supplies, just anything you can think of.  There were even a couple of pink fishing poles that made me think twice.  It took me at least 30-45 minutes to just "see" everything and marvel at the two waterfalls....oh yeah, they have a waterfall in the store! It's not huge, but a waterfall, in the store?  There are all kinds of things hanging from the ceiling and on the walls of the store; whomever did the decor, went creatively nuts....and it worked out brilliant!  I wanted to stay a while and just enjoy the sound of the waterfall but I didn't want them to think I was trying to steal or anything lol lol.  This had to be one of the most interesting, fun, overwhelming, massive stores I thought I'd never want to go into.  You HAVE to visit this store at least once!
4	I had given these place only three stars only for their service.When I go there always I can expect a good service and I go there and get a good and friendly service.One day when I go there I face a parking problem that I never expect.I love this place and I want to go there for the next time.
4	I would almost consider this Bass Pro Shops location a destination instead of just a store! Sure, it has everything that you could ever need for any sort of outdoor excursion, but with all of the mounted animals as well as at least four separate aquariums and ponds, there is enough to see here to really make the trip worthwhile even if you really aren't in the market for outdoor gear! If you come, be sure to exit the store by the Silverton casino to see the tropical aquarium! If you're lucky, you'll catch the free mermaid show!
5	Man!!! What a store!! I basically live in Vegas and I cannot believe I've never been here. This place is not an ordinary store where you can find your gear to go out camping, fishing, or whatever you're into because I felt like I was at a museum at times!! I cannot wait to bring my parents next time we visit Las Vegas. The bf and I were not able to finish looking around the first floor let alone go upstairs to the second one because we were in a rush. So next time this will be the first place we visit on our next Vegas trip!
5	Incredible store! I could spend all day and get lost in here.  Prices are a bit steep compared to walmart or other places where you could get your supplies, but you get what you pay for. Fishing, Hiking, Guns, Hunting, Camping, just all around everything you need. Quality of products are very high and everyone that works here is very knowledgeable. I have spent way too much $ here in the past 2 years!
5	Had a Great Experience at the gun counter very helpful, Love the store.
2	I went to the store for some ammo and to possibly buy a new rifle. I'm looking for something specific and they supposedly carry it. Before I got very far into the store, some young girl informed me that I needed to surrender my gun to her. Absolutely not. It is in a holster and I legally carry. It is store policy to allow open carry as long as it stays in the holster. Since she would not follow store policy, I left. I went somewhere else to buy my ammo, gun and all sorts of accessories. They lost thousands of dollars of sales from me and I make sure to tell all my friends not to shop there. Good job young stupid girl!!!
3	Just had a frustrating experience.Called to get into their hunter safety course. Was referred to tactical west whose website is useless so called a number of times and left multiple messages to get scheduled. Never returned call. Called bass pro the morning of the class as soon as they opened and they had no information other than the class is starting now and there's no one to talk to. The sales associate star was rude, completely unhelpful and unable to get a manager to get a quick resolution. As much as I used to like the store I don't know if I will be going back. Their customer service is no longer a priority.Update, I was called by the manager and assured that the service I received was not to their standard and they are better than that. May give them another shot.
5	Ordered online and amazing customer service when I went to pick it up.Their customer service dept should teach a class in customer service to other retail stores that's how good they were. The store has plenty of everything you need. I'm not a big outdoor person but I still find things to buy. Look for their sale items, amazing!
5	This is one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas. The atmosphere and decor in this store is amazing.  They have great products at decent prices.  It is wonderful that they do so many activities through out the year for familys that are free.  If you go in the spring or summer, the boy scouts are usually cooking brats or burgers on a grill outside, so bring a few extra dollars.
4	It's okay.   For sure it's a big store but I felt that my store back home in Los Angeles was bigger.
5	Great place to go for hunting and fishing equipment, and for anything pertaining to  outdoor camping or entertainment on the water. Check the weekly sales paper on the way in and save on shoes, boots, clothes, and on other store merchandise. Be sure to see the large fresh water tank with fish while your there.They have many activities for kids too during the holidays, including picture takings. Sign up for a rewards card too for additional savings.
4	Nice location right in Silverton Casino Resort with amazing Aquarium and great water falls by the shop - sure makes you want to go fishing, eat fish or just swim with the fishes before you sleep with the fishes !!!
2	Disappointed in the service we received today. The place was extremely packed with Holiday shoppers and only 4 checkout lanes were open. Stood in long lines to purchase our items and the cashier did not apologize for the wait, instead made the comment that she wasn't sorry because she has a job. Bass Pro should consider having a bigger staff this close to Christmas and have every checkout lane open.
3	Checked out Bass Pro Shops in Vegas since it was next to Silverton Casino/Aquarium.  They have their own parking lot and if you just want to see the Aquarium an easy way to see it is through Bass Pro so you don't have to walk through the whole casino.They have many man-made waterfalls.  Saw some ducks and turtles in the water & side.Lots of stuff animals like mountain lions, giraffe, etc.They have snack foods you can buy.  I should have bought some candy since they were only like $1.29 a bag.They had some kid choir during the Holidays and Santa to take pictures with.Good way to kill time in Vegas if in the area.
