1	I will try to get to the point. 1. Food was ok; definitely not best in Montreal as some claim on Facebook. 2. The AYCE Monday is misleading as it only applies to rolls (which you don't find out till you're at the restaurant), but some tempura are included. No soup, salad, desserts (this would have been fine had it not been for the steep price of $35/person. Not even edamame was included). Rolls with raw fish barely had any fish in the middle. It was mainly rice. Manager should work on advertising clearly and providing a separate menu for AYCE instead of having the server point out what is and what is not included. It confuses everyone, including a new server. 3. Shrimp and any shellfish is imitated as the actual animal is not considered kosher. (I suggest not even having them rather than having imitated meats). Even though fish is considered kosher, they do not have unagi on the menu. 4. (This and #5 were most bothersome). We were a party of 3 and we wanted to try AYCE, but server told my S-I-L that because she's only having 2 rolls, then she should just pay for the 2 and not pay $35. We tried to explain we're all sharing and she said that was fine. When we received the bill, we were all charged $35. It would have been fine had she just corrected herself during the meal rather than surprising us at the end.5. We asked to pay separately and she said ok and let us know that $6 tip was automatically added to each of our bill (at the end, it was $6.15)....wait...we're only a party of 3 and we should be allowed to leave as much as we'd like. Also I'm not sure how she calculated her tips, but if it's 15%, there's a bit of an issue...I know a lot of people seem to be confused about this, but tips are calculated BEFORE taxes...not AFTER. I don't mean to sound petty, but I was not happy with the service in the first place and was originally going to tip just shy of 15% before taxes anyway.We were just so shocked and didn't feel like arguing about the service and charges; we just wanted to leave. I can boldly say I've never felt so cheated and unsatisfied as I did this evening. We will never return here or recommend this place to anyone. It's sad that the first review for this place is so low, but I feel it's necessary. I am not seeking compensation, but hope management will change for the better after reviewing this.
5	There are two major Kosher sushi bar in MTL and this one stands out in quality, design, taste, variety and time efficiency in receiving your order compare to the other.
