4	I was on my way home and I was thinking, "Where can I get a meal for $5.00 or less?" ..that I would actually eat. Jack in the Box came through for me ! I had 3 egg rolls for $3.29 and a mini funnel cake for $1.00. The egg rolls are my favorite on the menu they remind me of the egg rolls at P.T's. I also like the sweet and sour sauce at Jack in the box. The funnel cake was yummy but I thought funnel cake came with raspberry sauce? (I'm not too sure) It was still tasty and just as good as the ones I used to get at the Del Mar Fair.
4	After a movie, why not stop here @ jack in the box. Beats taco bell right next to it... I'm just really glad that although it seems like I was being complicated on the drive thru, the worker kept her cool. (5 stars for her)
3	Gets the job done. Filling value menu, can usually be full for $2. Quick drive through that doesn't close.
4	I prefer Jack In The Box over Wendys or Burger King, and *maybe* even over 5 Guys, but they still aren't as good as In-N-Out. And NO ONE has beat Custom Burgers yet. On a side note, I thought it was interesting that they carried Teriyaki bowls on the menu. And pretty cool that they had churros. Wish the fast food in my region would DIVERSIFY.
4	Excellent, friendly service from a helpful manager. They served me quickly and with a smile. Also offered ranch dressing for my curly fries without  having to ask. It seems most of their customers are drive thru as there was no one inside when I entered and only two other people by the time I left.
3	SLOW DRIVE THRU!! Jeez, I was here forever, and if I could have backed out, I would have. Food was fine, though.
2	I live very close to this place and when I need a bit to eat late at night I've occasionally been forced to visit here.This is consistently one of the slowest drive thrus I've ever been to. Consistent lack luster service.Be sure to check your bag before you drive away as there's always a 50/50 chance they'll get your order wrong.My advice is avoid this place if you can. Unfortunately I'll probably eat here again as it's right across the street from me and there's few other choices in the wee hours of the morning.
4	Consistant food and the take out like is fast.Right off the 215 which makes for easy grab and go.
5	This is he closes jack to my house so I've been there a couple times. They have great drive threw employees. The food they serve looks most of the time like in the picture. Pretty amazing! One of he best jacks I've ever been to.!!
4	The ultimate cheeseburger is really good! The fries don't compare to McDonald's fries (I think only in-n-out's really do), but they do have good burgers. I've also really enjoyed the chicken teriyaki bowl. It seems kind of random to be on the menu, but I like it.
5	Service is awesome! They always let me order extra tacos when I forget at the second window Lol. Sweet tea is the bees knees and I love that they are open late and the food is never yesterday tasting.
3	The Dr. Pepper I ordered was literally just dark carbonated water and the fries were less than room temperature.
2	I go to this location when I don't want to wait in line, however, it's a rarity when they actually get my order right. They NEVER answer the phone AT ALL 24/7. They DO NOT GIVE OUT HAPPY MEAL TOYS and if you question them on it they get petty and pissy about it. They need to change out the soda more often because it often tastes terrible and if you had one back and say fix it, I'm sure it causes some sort of PMS trigger because they bitch. They made me late for work more than once when I was the only car at the drive thru. Lazy and apathetic.
5	OK this is strictly on the eggrolls....I am a chinese food connoisseur and ill be damned if this place doesn't have egg rolls that are better then 75% of chinese restaurants out there. I mean who wouldn't be down for some late night munching at JITB for some awesome egg rolls?  Nice job jack ! :)
