4	Remember when you were a teenager and you and your girls sat around blabbing and doing each others nails? Welcome to Kashmir. This is a day spa for kick back REAL chicks who actually like themselves, who aren't pretentious and who like to bond with similar chicks. Rock and 80's music is playing while you are treated to a real drink (martini, cosmo, long island or ginger gimlet)(. Let me comment that the owner takes the time to make the ginger syrup herself.)  The set up is such that the ladies can all talk across the room and share stories. I can personally vouch for great eyebrow waxing and a fun pedicure. If you are a girl that likes her spa to look like Barbie's  dream spa- don't come here. But if you want to chill with some cool chicks, this is it. Prices are amazing as well.
3	Last week Groupon ran a special for a $19 spa pedi at Kashmir Rock Spa. I was super stoked & bought two! Kashmir is a cute, funky lil spa. I love the decor & atmosphere. All the girls that work there are super sweet & friendly. I was greeted & told to sit on any of the comfy couches. Then she asked me what kind of cocktail I'd like. I decided on the pomegranate martini. It was so delicious & she didn't skimp on the alcohol either ;) Miranda was so chill & we chatted the whole time, I felt like I was just hanging out with a girlfriend! After my pedi I took a look at the flower clips they had for sale. They were so adorable I bought two, only $6 each. I've had better pedis at other salons but this was definitely a different experience & I'm looking forward to using my next Groupon.
3	Thank you Groupon! I needed an excuse to get a pedicure and $19 for a $45 pedi is fab.Walked in, picked my polish, sat down. My pedicurist (!?) was lovely, she was very sweet and gabbed with me which is what I needed- its like therapy only your toes come out cute too. The girls are adorable and loud and friendly, the cocktail was nice and strong. I did get nipped and have a sore wee toe though, and the polish ended up being goopy though in the lighting I thought it was fine. Overall it was a nice experience, nice and long, but I won't be paying $45 to come back for the uberpedi. I'll try the stripped down version because the little salon is too cute to not give a second chance.
1	I, too, visited this off-the-beaten path nail spa because I'd purchased a Groupon. I love new experiences and adventure, and while the girls were very nice and the music was enjoyable, I don't think I'll be back. The neighborhood was a bit "iffy" and since I had a far distance to drive home, I didn't partake in the offer of an alcoholic beverage. My pedicure looked fine, too, until I saw it in the bright light of day. The polish looks gloppy and I'll probably remove it before my vacation, which was the whole point of getting the pedicure. I know I'm probably a prude, but I found the skull painted on the front of the reception desk a little creepy. Not at all the great experience I'd anticipated, especially after a wild day of running errands.
1	Geez, I really want to like this place. I really, really do. I just can't. The Groupon, like so many other reviewers, is what drew me in to this salon. The people were SO nice there. Unfortunately, the pedicure completely lacked anything and everything I've come to love about getting my tootsies done.  The couch was awkward (I couldn't sit all the way back without sliding around) and the bucket (literally) that they used was kinda weird.  The water was barely warm, and there was no "oomph" in the massage, or the callus removal. No table close enough to set my drink down, which left me holding a martini glass for an hour without trying to spill while shifting around.  My cuticles were barely touched and my feet didn't feel any different after I walked out. Thanks for the drink and the nice conversation, but I won't be back... especially at the regular price of $45 bucks!
2	I took advantage of the Groupon special for the pedis here.  Looks blah from outside but the interior is actually cool.  I liked the music and the cocktail with the pedi.  Great way to relax.  No spa chairs, but rather large deep couches to sit on while getting your pedi.  Didn't care for that as I couldnt' sit all the way back and relax.  No table for the cocktail so I was holding the glass the entire time.  The water in a bucket (yes a tin bucket) is a cute idea and ok for at home but when I go out for a spa pedi I prefer a spa for my feet.  And I like hot water. The pedi was so so.  Not much massage or callus removal.  As for the polish, selection of colors is limited and the application is so so probably because of the lack of light in the place.  The girls working there are loud and friendly but mostly interested in talking about themselves and their problems.  I don't know about you, but when I go and pay for a service I don't want to hear it.  Won't go back and pay $45 for a pedi there.
3	I used my 2nd Groupon last Friday for their spa pedi, but this time I upgraded to a Rockstar mani/pedi (the mani was 15% off since I was using a Groupon). Rockstar mani/pedis are a much longer process of a layer of gel (done 1 nail at a time, then put under heat), then glitter, & then a final layer of gel. So for 10 fingers & 10 toes it took a lot longer than normal.I had Tabby as my nail tech & she was such a sweetheart. For my cocktail she made me a yummy lemon drop. The Rockstar mani/pedi is so fun & girly, I love sparkles! But I don't think I would love it so much full price, with my Groupon & discount it was a reasonable price but I don't think I could pay full. Oh & I have to add, when I walked in Brandi (the owner) greeted me by name & I thought that was super cool of her to remember me & very personable. The girls here really are as sweet & cool as they come! :)
5	I purchased the Groupon deal that kashmir ran awhile back and I'm glad I did.  Was it the best pedicure I've ever had - no, was it the worst pedicure I've ever had - no, was it a good pedicure - yes.  The place is very funky and cool, and the girls are all super cool.  I also had a facial and brow waxing.  This was my first facial ever and I must say it was a truly relaxing experience.  I had no idea what to expect and I absolutely loved it.  I can't wait to go visit the girls again when finances allow me to!!!  kashmir rock spa ROCKS!!!!!
1	Bad experience, bad pedicure. Skip it and if you got a groupon, ask for your money back from groupon.com.  The pedicure is done on a ripped up couch, not a comfortable one might I add, and your feet are soaked in a metal bucket/tub of sorts.  They require an appointment but for me, they were running 15-20 minutes late.  Lastly, one thing they say is included is callous removal, they did not do that hardly at all, mostly a 1/2 attempt if at all.  Not a deal as most of the groupon deals can be.
5	What others seem to dislike about Kashmir are the same things I LOVE above it. If you are looking for a cookie cutter spa or salon experience, you WILL NOT find it here. Everything about Kashmir is unique and original. The atmosphere is very cool, modern and relaxing and the service is top notch. It truly is a break from the manila, pretentious atmosphere you find in most salons.
1	If I could rate this place a big fat ZERO I would. This place has the WORST customer service I have EVER dealt with in my life. I purchased (2) Groupons from this place, bad idea and WISH I never did. I tried calling them NUMEROUS times and never got an answer always a VM and NO option to hold. I figured since two days in a row they did two diff hook ups, maybe they were overwhelmed (Living Social and Groupon BOTH). I left a message, which never got a call back. I then continued to call over and over again. Days later I finally got the owner who said she was so busy and over whelmed with calls, she just didn't have time to call me back? Ok.. SO I tried to book an appointment.... They didn't have anything open for weeks. I am assuming they took on WAY more than they could handle (seeming so from other reviews) I tried calling back numerous times and again they never answered and when I leave a voicemail I would never receive a return call. My Groupon was ending soon so I decided to once again try and book and appointment. So I start calling about a month ago. No answer no call back... WTF is going on here... I finally get a hold of someone (dialing there number 10 times in an hour) who says (I think she said she was the owner) we aren't taking anymore appointments until after the 18th, after the Groupon ends HAHA! I was stunned I said, that isnt fair and explained Ive left messages you never answer your phone how am I suppose to get in? She said well "We left a voicemail on our phone stating we had the flu (really the flu)and are short handed!" Ok #1 I NEVER heard that once in all of my calls #2 HOW is that my problem? I explained that my Groupon was ending and she said "Like hundreds of other people in your situation" WHAT really? She just said this as the owner. I asked well if thats the case then you should extend the offer. She said IF I extend the offer I will never make any money at this. I told her Maybe instead of doing two different promos she should have only done one. I said I usually go to Dolce and wanted to try something new, She replied well you wont be a repeat customer so I dont care anyways... (Like she knew she couldn't live up to Dolce's customer service and pedi HAHA)Then she said just call Groupon and get your money back, they have a no ask policy and will refund you, I cant help you. They are the one who OVER SOLD the Groupon and its there fault anyways. Im thinking YOU did Living Social and Groupon in TWO days and only allowed 6 months to get all your thousands of customers done.  I hope that Groupon never allows that company to again post a special from all of the negative reviews and many peoples experience with this weird place. After reading the many reviews about the tin can, ripped couches GROSS, long nails and horrible scrubs, I AM SOOOO GLAD that I called Groupon and got my money back. I would advise EVERYONE to do the same. Groupon did say they had quite a few calls about this place, and they were sorry that their customers had to deal with the service they have been giving. THANK GOD I purchased this from Groupon and received a full refund on both purchased!!!Sorry so winded, but this company was just a complete ZERO!
1	I've had the same awful problem using my Groupon.  Kashmir will not answer their phone, will not return calls, and now will not honor an unexpired groupon.  It's a shame, they lost a customer before I even walked in the door.  And you can bet I will tell all my friends about this horrible spa and their extreme lack of customer service!!
1	I completely agree with Erica A. Can I give them ZERO stars??? What kind of honest business puts the Groupon out there, makes you set an appointment, never answers their phone, never calls you back after you leave a message and then has the audacity to change their VM to say that they can't answer because their call volume is too high and are no longer accepting appointments before the Groupon expires? All of their call volume is probably due to the COMPLAINTS they are receiving! I'm glad the Yelp outlet is here to vent about how terrible this business is and between their dishonesty and apparent worthless pedicures (according to some other reviews), I hope they go out of business!
1	I'm getting more and more angry as i write this message- much like the other yelpers i've called 3 times a day for the past 2 weeks. Leaving multiple voicemails and just asking for a call back- i understand you are busy... but at least have enough respect to call me back, YOU ARE A BUSINESS OWNER. My friend bought the same groupon and told me not to even waste my gas or tip money to go there. They mentioned on the machine i could use $19 towards a $40 dollar purchase. I rather eat the $19 and not waste my time or effort. I must remind the owners, groupon is a great marketing option that could get you REPEAT business. not just a one and done deal. some people get a pedi/mani at least once a month. That is $70 you could have had if you were to at least call these people back and possibly accommodate us. If you are overwhelmed with the offer than take advantage of this great opportunity- hire more help and extend the expiration date. Its too bad that people can't run a decent business anymore- its called customer service. its that simple.
5	I just got a new full set here. AWESOME.  1st - My nails look amazing !! 2nd - I am a nail biter and Nancy STILL did a full sculpt on me - which is impressive if you understand what that entails. 3rd - I move tables and heavy equipment during my secondary job, and I "yanked" a few nails tonight and not only did they not loosen, but moments after my set was done i went digging around in my purse and they still look amazing.I am SUPER picky about the customer service I get and the way my nails are done ( I require them an exact length and thickness, etc). These girls delivered. Not only are my nails perfect, but when I came in ALL the beautiful ladies working introduced themselves. I got a tour of the gorgeous shop - which is totally Rock Star. Loved this place, and I consider myself super picky.To all of those whining about "groupons" and no return calls and no appointments and genreal hating..........1. Stop crying and pay full price for GREAT service2. If you are so upset about appointment times, call well in advance. I already have my fill in appointment set - in writing. (Do you really wanna eat at the hole in the wall with no customers, or wait for awesome food? exactly)3.  Do you want the chinese buffet or black angus?!?! If you are this upset, go back to the corner booth in the mall and stfu because you obviously don't have the time and money for a PREMIUM nail appointment.This place has me for life anytime I need nails, pedicures, tats, etc.Great atmosphere, great ladies, great work, great music, and who doesn't love a cocktail or refreshment with their services?
5	Really people? You are pretty harsh on this one and can I say, you are way off! I guess if you're use to Scottsdale salons then this is not the place for you. Don't waste your time. But for a down-to-earth chick like me, I loved it! I first went here to use my groupon for a pedi and had Tabby. I loved the decor and atmosphere. Tabby was also wonderful and did a great job. I love that you get a complimentary drink during your service too. My second visit I went back for an express pedi and rockstar toes. This is the third place I've done gels on my toes and it is by far the cheapest and best I've had. If you just to rockstars its $25 and $35 with a pedi. You won't find that deal anywhere. Gel toes are more expensive than an average pedi at all places because it's quite a bit more work and time do do and lasts super long. Mine normally lasts me about 8-10 weeks. You just have to file them a bit as the grow. Don't clip them though! They will also do Shellac for only $15. Once again, cheapest I've seen. My next visit is going to be an after party with my girlfriends. They will do an after party for a min. of 4 girls, max. of 12. There is no extra charge for this and you get the whole place to yourself. Plus every girl gets 20% off of any services they get. You can also email them a playlist and they will play whatever music you like. And just like normal, everyone gets one complimentary alcoholic beverage. They will also cater your party. For $5 per person you can get apps and for $10 you will get a full meal. How cool is that! I will be sure to update my review after our party and let you know how it goes. I'm sure it will be nothing less than fabulous! Now I would like to take a minute to counter some of these harsh reviews. For those who complain about not getting a hold of them by phone, use your computer! They have a great system on their website where you can schedule, reschedule, and cancel your appointments with a click of the mouse. It is so much easier than calling in! And they send you email confirmations and reminders. Also, give up on the bucket complaints! Haven't you seen on Oprah the nasty foot fungus people get from the spa pedis? That is because those jets that shoot water on you feet fill up with other people's grimy foot bacteria and transfers it to you. I would WAY rather have a nice steel bucket that they can sanitize after each use. And don't be shy, ask for hot water.
4	I had a City Deal voucher that expires in October to use up. It wasn't impossible to get an appointment over the past few weeks, but tough based on mutual availability. Since their Groupon offer expired it's much easier to get in. You should still call ahead for an appointment versus walking in as there may not be a tech available.I got a Rock Star pedicure today from Tricia. She was very attentive, easy going and fun to chat with. She did great work on my calluses; I'm a dancer with dry cracked toes. She was gentle and smoothed them out just enough without taking them off completely. My feet feel great! The glitter/gel treatment lasts 4-6 weeks, comes in lots of colors, is very affordable at $25 and can be purchased without a pedicure. With a pedicure (including a mildly strong cocktail) the total came to $51 plus tip. Photos don't do the glitter finish justice. My toes are so sparkly...I feel like a disco ball and that makes me happy.I've been to upscale salons and cliche strip mall spots. This place is different. Definitely laid back and not for the prudish. I plan to return and would bring a friend.TIP: They offer 20% off after hours for groups and you might be able to catch a last minute deal on their Facebook page.
4	Like many, i also purchased a Groupon and true to form, I waited til alst minute to redeem it.4 days before it expired, I realized it was about to expire. I called to see if I could get in right away. I reached the Voicemail which explained that there were no available appointments before it expired,but that if you left your name and number and times you were available, they would call you back if there were any cancellations. The message went on to say that they would accept expired, unused Groupons even after expiration for $19 toward any service of $40 or more (something along those lines).So yesterday when I realized I've still not been and realized I had nothing to do today, i called. Got an appointment.It's located in a pretty boring strip mall. But when you enter, you see it's personality. Now, I never go to fancy-shmancy salons. I have better ways to burn money. I usually go to the cheap Asian places where they don't understand me, and then proceed to talk to each other in Vietnamese whilst doing my nails all while I sit there pretending not to be annoyed...So i walk in and see that they don't have any of those big ol' massage chairs/foot bath thingies like aforementioned places are loaded with. So I wonder how this pedicure was going to take place.The place is quiet and they ask me if there's anything in particular I'd like to listen to. I say I'm easy going (and hope they don't put on Marilyn Manson or any other kind of what I call "angry music"). They don't; they put on something unoffensive.I was told to try out the different sofas and pick the one I liked.My nail tech was Tabby and she was great. She comes out of the back lugging this big, metal bucket. She sets it on the floor in front  of my feet. She brings over a stool that my feet go on when I take them out of the nice hot water, and also a stool for her to sit on.When I called, i said I wanted the signature pedi, which apparently comes with a cocktail. I didn't bring it up when I got there since it was noon and i was by myself (as much fun as a midday, solo buzz is... not).When I went to check out, it seems she charged me for regular pedi, not the one including a cocktail (thanks!! :)) I have another appointment for just before I go on vacation late May, and then I'll probably be back for my once yearly pedicure :)
4	I have been getting shellac on my nails for the past few months at a sub-par nail salon and I just had to find a new place. I googled shellac and Kashmir popped up as it's close to home. I called yesterday and the owner answered on the second ring. I was worried I wouldn't be able to get an appointment same day since it was already 4PM, but she got me in at 5.When I arrived, I was surprised at the decor. It's super cool and fun and girly and I felt welcomed right from the get go. My nail tech was Tabby and she was a total doll. We chatted the whole time and I enjoyed my conversation with her. I intended to get shellac, but told her my only gripe was that my nails still crack on the sides, so I have a hard time growing them out. She recommended the rockstar mani instead and I'm so glad she did. They have a ton of fun sparkles that they add to gel for a thick, awesome looking finish. I don't foresee these breaking anytime soon, yay! She also explained to me that they use a probiotic (I think that's what it was) instead of primer as it's better for your nails and doesn't cause allergic reactions that primer sometimes does. She also said they never take one of those electric drill things to natural nails as some places do because they never want to damage your natural nail. I was impressed with her knowledge and the care they seem to take for their art.My nails turned out amazing, I absolutely love them! They are a soft sparkly pink that is fun but not too dramatic.I've already had compliments galore on how cute they are. Oh and an added bonus, they were only $25! Cheaper than shellac and acrylics!I fully intend to go back and try out the pedi despite  the negative reviews. All three gals working were super sweet and welcoming and I just felt like I was hanging out in a living room with my girlfriends chatting and painting nails. I'm excited for my next return.4 stars for now since I haven't tried the pedi or seen the process for removal of the rockstar gel nails, but if  next time is anything like this experience, I will be making this my regular pampering destination for my nails and toesies!
2	I had bought a Groupon ($19 for the $45 signature pedi). When I called to make my appointment they couldnt get me in for nearly 3 weeks! This was my first experience going to Kashmir but definately not my first time getting a "Spa Pedicure".  Upon arriving the outside was not much to getting excited about.  However once inside it was super cute! The staff was very friendly as well.  The reason I have to give this only 1 star really has to do with the services. I was seated  immediately on a couch in the back and was offered my free adult beverage.  As I waited I looked around and noticed there weren't any Spa Pedi Massage chairs.  I didn't piece it all together until my nail girl brought over a bucket of water and set it in front of me.  One of the main reasons I personally have pedi's done is for the massage and clean up of my piggies.  I didn't feel that I recieved what was worth $45. All the girls there were super sweet and the salon decor is just adorable. I'm sad I can't rave about my experience and services. Also, I prefer the bubbling spa massage chairs vs. sitting on the edge of a couch with a  bucket of water.  I don't have plans to go back as it was not worth my time & money.
2	The staff was pleasant and friendly. I liked the finished product. Those are the good things I have to say, now on to the other stuff. The decore was very cool, however dirty white sofas kinda grossed me out. Then soaking my feet in a bucket of room temp water was not ideal. I felt really awkward putting my feet directly on the 'technicians' knees as she sat on a stool in front of me, while I sat on a sofa. She mentioned product that she forgot to try and sell me at the end. I like the idea of a spa that is plus size friendly, but I think they should have waited until the could afford the proper equipment before offering so many services. I shiver thinking where the tattoo artist was supposed to work??
4	Tricia got me in with a 2 day expired Living Social voucher & honored it. How can I not love this place?! The decor was chic, the staff was friendly, experienced & welcoming. I can't imagine enjoying another pedi without my cocktail and Violet Femmes rockin' in the back ground. This place is a gem!
5	Just got my nails done yesterday with Tricia.  I LOVE my nails!  As I waited for her to set up for me I checked out the full set she had just completed.  A Halloween look, it had a glitter background with stars and moons carefully placed into the acrylic.  It seems Tricia can create anything you can dream up.  Onto my nails...I had originally scheduled a full set of white tips.  After Tricia checked out my nails, she opted to not place tips and just put acrylic over my naturally strong and curved nails.  I had heard of this option before, but it was never mentioned to me as a better alternative to tips at the usual high volume, "get me in and out in under an hour" shops I go to every now and then.  Tricia hand sculpted each nail perfectly.  She then recommended throwing a little glitter in the acrylic to give it some shine.  I was a little hesitant at first.  I liked the idea, but didn't want to much bling.  She adjusted the powder for me to give just the right amount of glitter to complete the simple look I wanted.  As I was paying I also checked out Brandi's (the owner) nails which had lace pressed into the acrylic.  Very cool!  Kashmir takes their time to create each look, and from what I've seen can complete anything you can imagine!  I also appreciated that Tricia decided not to do tips and grind half my nail off in the process!
