3	Not open till 8 on Sundays as Yelp informs us.
5	Well I have lived here for almost 3 years now and I had just visited Del Sol in both Jamaica and Cozumel on a recent cruise just 3 weeks ago......so Imagine my shock when I discovered there was a Del Sol right here in Old Town Scottsdale. It was very exciting because it was Small business Saturday on November 24th of this year and we were looking to use our AMEX to earn a 25 dollar credit on a 25 dollar purchase. So after searching the AMEX site to see if Del Sol was on the list of participating small business' BEHOLD it was and I was off to shop at the world's only store with clothing that changes color when exposed to sunlight. That's right if you have not heard of this store or this awesome technology you need to pay a visit to this locale ASAP. Del Sol is known all over the world for being the ONLY store with clothing that has designs on them that when exposed to sunlight they immediately change color and the colors are stunning let me tell you. Apparently this technology was developed by the Military and Del Sol managed to get a contract to be the ONLY retailer to use and sell this kind of product.I bought a muscle shirt and my wife a couple of hair clips on the day we visited this locale. The staff was extremely nice and professional......there are machines in the store that generate sunlight so you can see what colors your items will turn into before you even buy them. Everything....and I do mean everything....from shirts....skirts....top....bottoms...jewelry....trinkets....key chains....blouses....etc....change color....it is extremely awesome. When I was in Jamaica I bought some short pants/swimming trunks along with some shirts. I have to tell you the trunks were awesome because not only do they change color when your swimming in them....they dry in about 15 minutes and you can walk around in them all day without changing. Now be advised things here are not cheap....but they are not expensive either....make sure you look for the good deals....every store is a little different. I can guarantee one thing it will be the coolest item you will buy if your on vacation BAR NONE. When you return home and show it off everyone will want to know where you got it....be sure to tell the Del Sol and as usual Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	Super fun store!  I love that they have UV lights in the store so you can try out the products.  Everything changes color!  Everything!  I teach and picked up a few things for the students in my room to use.  They loved all the stuff I brought in.  I picked up some nail polish for myself.  Very fun store!  The staff is super friendly too!
1	Absolutely the rudest salesman I have ever encountered. Don't bother giving him your business; He'll just make fun of you if he thinks you're out of earshot.
1	Owner was rude. I left, but my wife stayed to look. As soon as I left, he mocked me without realizing my wife was still there. How rude owners in retail stay in business is beyond me. Avoid.
5	Just wanted to let everyone know, that starting today; January 1st there will be new owners of Del Sol of Scottsdale. I hope all of you come back and give us a try.
4	Cool stuff! Science intersects with consumer culture. I bought some nail polish here that turns color when exposed to the sun--love it!
4	Great shorts and other stuff that get very colorful when worn out in the sun!  These stores are in various cities, especially in touristy areas.  Look for the bargains on the clearance rack too.   They are sometimes as low as $10!
