5	The Great Indoors is a phenomenal place to get lost and dream about what you would like to have your home look like.  WARNING!!!  You will want to spend money!On average their prices are pretty run of the mill dept. store style, it is their selection that is amazing.  They have far more selection than any other store I have ever been to.  The store is also well organized and laid out and everything is easy to find.One final note, while not a place for extreme bargain hunters if you play your cards right you can get some great deals.  I just purchased all of our appliances for our home at a 20% discount.  Again, not the best discount I have seen but getting them all at once, not having to look around, and still getting $2 back for every $10 I spend is pretty darn nice!Oh and if you need appliances, ask for Andy/Andrew... He is a great help and honest as can be!
4	Holy home store! This is a fantasy land of interior decorating, so many shiny sparkly things to distract and tempt me...Luckily I reach for the price tag of said shiny sparkly item and am scorched back into reality by their pricing. Today I zipped in and out of TGI on a front door handle search with my cousin. She found what she was looking for, though nearly wept at the price. I did too and it wasn't even my wallet. I noticed the door handle my own mother recently purchased at home depot at an already aburd $119 was on the shelf at the Great Indoors for $165, and as we pulled our box down an employee mentioned that if we bring it back there is a RESTOCKING FEE. Are you freakin' kidding me? So wander to your hearts content but only buy what you absolutely must have.
2	Great Indoors is really great if you just want to look.  Fantastic selection of everything you could need and want in your home.  Unfortunately, that's where it ends.Their prices are far from great.  I expect any brick and mortar store to have higher prices than online retailers, but I have found their sale prices are still higher than what you can pay if you're willing to wait a few days and know what you want.And forget service.  It's virtually nonexistent.  Recently, we have been in several times as we're updating a bathroom.  I'm pretty sure the bathroom will be outdated again before it's finished, but that's another story.  We asked for pricing on a mirror.  Over 20 minutes later, the "sales" guy returns stating he can't find anyone who knows.  No offer to take our number and get the info to us, just "sorry, I don't know."  Lighting?  No better.  I asked if a fixture on display as an uplight could be mounted as a downlight.  The lady confidently replied, "no, xenon lights have to be mounted up."  Interesting, since we later noticed the same  fixture in a hanging model in an adjacent area.  Not to mention their own website pictures the fixture as a downlight.  Returns?  Forget it.  Said light fixture shorted sending sparks flying and melting the screws.  When we went to return it, there was some big issue made of the fact they need the box from the new fixture to send the bad one back.  Okay, would a bag be too much to ask for?  Yes.  My husband ended up assembling the new fixture at the counter.  When he handed a blown bulb back to the lighting patrolman, the guy remarked "oh, maybe that's why it shorted."  Yes, we all know that every time a light bulb blows, you need a fire extinguisher nearby and an American Express card handy to replace the fixture.  And if that's not enough to dissuade you, we also purchased two different drawer pulls.  The gal scanned them as two of the same item.  When we went to return both, it was a fiasco since "they couldn't make the return on the one that wasn't scanned because their inventory would be wrong."  Uh, isn't it wrong already?  Wouldn't the return actually correct the inventory?I can't even imagine attempting to do a major project through this store.  But how I love to look at all the pretty new ranges and showers.   Even if I have to put up with my husband begging me to sit on a toilet and pose for a picture.
4	We have been shopping at The Great Indoors for over ten years in several different states. I'm always surprised by the vast number of choices they offer. Their major competition was The Home Depot's Expo stores, and they closed over a year ago. Since then we're in here twice a month always looking for new idea for the house. If you haven't tried the Great Indoors, and you are looking for tile ideas for the bathroom, granite counters for the kitchen, new bedding or kitchen appliances, I would highly recommend a visit!
4	The Great Indoors Cafe' is also known as Dazbog and serves really good coffee. I come here a few times a week and always enjoy the folks behind the counter and the pastries. They also have a flat screen tuned usually to the Food Network or the Golf Channel.
4	We really, really enjoy shopping at The Great Indoors!We have been coming to this location for only three years, but have shopped at several stores in four different states.  Our experience is always the same, Sears has a quality operation on their hands in The Great Indoors.  The appliance department keeps you up to date with emails on future sales.  The housewares always seem to have new merchandise coming in every couple of weeks.  Lighting is just fun to shop for ideas for the house.  Just great all around!And, when we feel tired we stop by DazBog for some coffee and something to eat.  WOW!
3	I don't know how this place stays in business. There are no customers! The salespeople all stand around in a huddle waiting for the pack leader to go out for the kill. We went the other way. Lots of expensive things to buy, but nothing we wanted.
4	Like this place for big selection, and of course the DazBog coffee inside.  Good options for ceiling fans.  Parking is huge.
2	Going out of business. Run! Grab all the commercial shelving you could possibly need before the vultures come and strip the place!
1	Unfortunately, since this fab store is closing, they could care less about their customers.  They will tell you that you can return something even though they will be closing soon...and they won't honor this policy.  I bought several door knobs for my remodel and ended up with 2 too many (Baldwin knobs) and they wouldn't take them back even though they specifically told me they would.
