4	When it was warm out, racks of clearance type books appeared outside or on tables that would pleasingly catch your eye as you might be going next door to the nearby Bed Bath & Beyond store.  You could peruse inside (with a/c or heat) whatever your fancy or leisurely start reading & hang out for a while.  Conveniently, there's a cafe inside for a snack &/or a mocha latte that's Seattle's Best.  What's not to like?
5	An actually very good Borders location.  Very large -- and with a wonderful selection, as I was presently surprised on a recent visit.  A friendly and helpful staff member immediately helped me find the book I was looking for.  I will visit this location again the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	My Son was looking for another Birthday Gift for his friend.  Apparently, he wanted to supplement the Comic Books he bought the other day with a book about Comics.  I went along with him and browsed the bookstore.It's been a while since I've been to this location and noticed that they offer FREE Wifi in their coffee shop area, which is a Seattle's Best.  hmm...looks like I found a new Study/Work location.  The store was very clean and the employees are always helpful.Will I return?  I will be back soon to take advantage of the FREE WiFi.
3	I have a like/don't like relationship with this Borders.  I have gone there 3 times after the gym to buy the LA Times, only to find them not opened as long as 10 minutes past opening time.  Twice it was blamed on the computer (gee, I hate that excuse!) and once it was because there was an alarm problem.  After the 3rd time, I swore I'd never go back.  But, today, there I was in my finest gym wear, and I was eager to buy the Times.  No dice!  They didn't get any today.  I have to cut them slack, though.  It seems as though there were no LA Times anywhere in Summerlin this morning.  OK, Borders I'll give you one more try for the Times, but only when I've exhausted other suppliers - like Albertsons.  I do like shopping for books here and coming later in the day when I know they'll be open.
5	This location always has a nice selection of books, gifts and magazines, all the things I enjoy every once in awhile. Employees are so helpful. If there is something that you are looking for that they don't have in their store, they call other stores to see if they have what you need, rather than you driving all around town wasting gas.Although I think that they should expand their seating area and add more chairs or lazy boys throughout the store, I always enjoy spending time browsing through the magazine, travel and clearance sections, what can I say, I like deals damnit. I also appreciate that they have the lil coffee shop, Seattle's Best. Nothing beats previewing items I'd like to purchase while sippin' on some Iced Tea :) WIFI is always FREETheir rewards program thing has pretty good coupons every once in awhile like 40% off one item, otherwise they're pretty much crap.
2	This is for iPhone users. To log on, it took 5 min to download their terms of agreement (I've finally concluded).My phone was frozen during that time. It caused a slow down of all Apps, with a few second delay on each keystrokes.I ended up reboot my iPhone twice (I've not done that before) to get my iPhone to work again.So I have wasted 30 min of my time in this Borders to hook up to the Wi-Fi service.I stick to shopping around Starbucks and Barnes & Nobles if I want to explore the world.So shoppers, don't Border to come here for hook up.
4	More than the bookstore itself, I especially enjoy the Seattle's Best Coffee Cafe. There're always seats available and it's quiet enough to relax and read, while sipping good beverages.The bookstore is OK. I heard that Borders is in financial trouble. It will be a shame if they had to close. This store is in a nice location.
5	i love me some books from the borders located in summerlin!whether I'm in the cafe doing some work or browsing their massive selection of books, i can honestly say 45 mins. is my minimum at this wonderful library. the staff is always more than willing to help and when i think about it, everyone who i have ever come across at a book store really knows their books! talk about passion for what you do for work. =) they couldn't make it more easier to find the book, periodical, CD, DVD, or bookmark you are looking for. the organization of this place actually inspires me to clean when i go home. really? what store makes you want to leave and be a better person?! and i'm not talking about the gym or all natural or organic grocery store. i can never wait to go back to stock up on more literature. thank you borders! =)
5	Great place many seats. Have movies for sell and many selections. Usually very quite place, good place to get school work done or your work. Very relaxed place.
4	This place has been here since the opening of the shopping center and it provides enough "keep me busy" value whenever I want to loaf around...or the wife is at Marshall's a few doors down and I cannot handle it anymore!Nice, quiet atmosphere like a library (of course).  I never have any issues finding anything I'm looking for. I don't even have to look it up. Their sections are clearly marked and some intuitive thinking will bring you right to what you're looking for.The cafe they have is a nice area. I actually had my job interview with a start up internet company here back in 2003!The store is clean, the employees are friendly.  Other than books, there is also a magazine section, music section and areas scattered throughout the store where you can sit down and read. :)
4	I've always been fond of Borders, or really, any bookstore. I'm a nerd! This one is pretty much the same as every other location, with a coffee shop, big kids section, and bargain books. They now have a $25 borders rewards card, that comes with a little coupon booklet. The service at this location was pretty good, but I wish they had a larger history section.
4	Ok, so some of your might be asking, "Joey, you just did a borders review like 30 minutes ago, why is this borders 4 stars?"I'll tell you why.  Thanks to my uncanny ability to live life on the cheap (ladies keep that in mind and don't blame me when we go to Little Caesars for the 3rd date) I took it upon myself to go to another Borders!Personally, it was more busy than the other one I went to earlier, but I got a few good books their as well.  The only interesting thing that happened here was that I ended up talking to a fairly cute female cashier for a few moments.She was quite taken when she saw that I was about to purchase "Avoid Boring People" and asked me about it.I then told her I couldn't afford having boring people holding me down while sucking the charisma out of me.She then laughed and I asked her if she was boring, she giggled and said no.  In which I told her, "Perfect! then I can't wait for when we meet, it will be interesting! What's your number?"She was like, "awww yeah gonna get balls deep in a hipster".  And I was like, "aww yeah I wonder how long I can keep this hipster gimmick going".  So she gave me her number and then asked me to leave so it wouldn't be awkward.To which I said, "Roffle" and did the hater's gonna hate walk out of the store.It's such a great story, so great that pretty much from the very beginning all the way up to me asking for her number was the only true part of this story.  Regardless, this way better than the other borders I went to.
