2	Pretentious clientele and mediocre employees. Maybe they weren't that helpful due to the fact that I forgot my hipster uniform at home. I'd rather shop online and pay s&h.
4	I am a big clothes shopper and also hippie at heart.  I have always loved the clothing at Anthropologie and the ones I've visited (mainly in the South) have given me great vibes.  I love that we now have one in Pittsburgh and would highly recommend anyone who wants to be inspired by clothing/art/design to take a trip to Anthropologie.It is located in the new Bakery Square below the gym and is next door to a new Free People store, also a favorite.  The prices are a bit expensive especially when it comes to shirts and accessories, however I think that SALE days are the way to go!Today (6/2/11) I went into the store and there was a great SALE selection and tops that were usually $50 were only $20 or $30.  Makes a big difference if you buy several things, which I usually end up doing whether I mean to or not!The clothing is also worth the extra dough! Comfy! Soft! Lasts through washes! AWESOME!The staff in the store every time I've been in has been great and always helps you in the best way that they can and calls you by name once introduced.  VERY GENUINE!4 Stars, but only because when there isn't a sale you definitely have to watch your purchases and just be mindful (IF YOU ARE ON A BUDGET that is)
3	I mean, I went in here with my mom to look and found out very quickly this is more of a Woman's store, so my opinion really cannot be counted.  But, it did seem like a pretty cool store, and the people working here were very kind.  I was only able to help my mom pick out a door knob for our bathroom, so I would say it was successful. If you are a woman or young girl Hipster, I am sure you would love this store.  It is a little pricey, though.
4	Anthropologie is one of my favorite retailers, and even though I was excited about the opening of this store (a year or two ago?), I lived so close to the Mt Lebanon location that I never stopped by. Anyway, I moved in the spring, and finally checked out this store with my best friend in September. Five minutes into my shopping experience, I asked myself, "Why haven't I come to this location before?!" This store feels a lot bigger than the Mt Lebanon one, and the sales associates were very helpful (unlike the colder associates I had experienced in the south hills). After my friend and I had both picked up several items, we were quickly greeted by associates who started us fitting rooms.Sadly, we didn't find much -- I purchased a fabric handbag and some furniture knobs -- but I definitely plan on returning some time soon!
3	I...have mixed feelings about Anthropologie.I have always loved the general look of the stores and the things sold in them, and this one is no exception - actually, to be honest this store is really nice, spacious, and well designed, so it was an even better place to browse than some of the other Anthropologie stores I've explored. It was definitely much easier to browse through the selections here because things weren't crammed into a smaller area, always a problem at the Anthropologie located in a small mall I live near.However, the honest truth is that on closer inspection 99.9% of Anthropologie clothes are just not for me. The jewelery lineup here during my last visit did not impress me; there were just too many bug necklaces and rings for my taste (give me owls and foxes any day!). I took issue with the shirts, dresses and so forth as well: many were made from really itchy uncomfortable fabrics. But honestly, the ultimate deal breaker is just that all of the clothes and accessories are entirely too expensive! Seriously, I've seen items half off here that cost $150. I mean, I'm not a total cheapskate, but $150 for an accessory? Sorry to say but between the designs and the prices nothing appeals to me clothing or accessory wise, and that's always been the case. Sorry, Anthropologie.There is, however, one reason I will continue to explore Anthropologie: the home items. I have found some of the cutest home decor items here: book ends shaped as horses, beautifully colored mugs, a Union Jack picture frame, very lovely pillows...just to name a few of the things I've found - and usually they're a little more reasonably priced and well worth the money.I guess Anthropologie's doomed to be a mixed bag all around for me. But at least it's not a total lost cause, right?
4	Hmm... I'm not even close to being a hipster and I still massively enjoyed myself. First ever visit to an Anthropologie, mind you. The girls there were really nice, so I don't know what everyone is talking about. They were pleasant to everyone and were very non-judgmental towards the normal, lower middle-class patrons such as myself. One of the girls even said she liked my hat, which I'm pretty sure I bought at a Burlington Coat Factory or JC Penney or something.And sure, the stuff is expensive. It's not one of those places where you go and buy up half the store in one visit. But what other store do you know of that has a clearance ROOM? I know plenty of places that have a clearance rack, but never a whole room! It was lovely! I don't know how I feel about the clothes. If I had more time I would try a bunch of stuff on to see how it looks on me, but I didn't have time for anything other than browsing today. What I did love was the dishes and books and candles and jewelry and scarves! So I think that means pretty much everything else in the store. It's definitely a girly place, but I am a girl, so that's alright. Every time I turned around I saw something that I had to have, a magnetic kitchen timer, a mug with my initial on it, a claw foot teacup, an intricate lace scarf, a honeysuckle candle... I could go on. For me, Anthropologie is just a "fun" store. Not one I would use to fill my entire wardrobe or kitchen, but definitely the place to go to get a nice gift for yourself or for a girlfriend, or a beautiful statement piece for a special occasion.
