5	Awesome place!  Brand new bar at Sahara and Valley View near CVS and Office Depot.All of the bartenders, the servers, and the manager are friendly people.  They have a huge selection of craft beers on tap plus all of the usual liquor.The food is among the best you will find in Vegas and the prices are great also.  Tonight I had the pastrami egg rolls which were unbelievably delicious, and a cheeseburger which I loved also.Check this place out, you will not be disappointed!
5	Amazing new bar with amazing bartenders and amazing management. A very welcomed new addition to the neighborhood.
5	I just love this place. Great staff great food and 52 craft beers on tap. What a great addition to the neighborhood. A must visit bar.
5	I was expecting a normal bar burger but to my surprise it was really juicy and very tasty,...the fries are the bomb....I will be returning very soon
3	Place is a-ok.Staff is friendly and knowledgable. With so many craft beers to choose from, every visit will be an adventure.  Smoking allowed but didn't smell smokey. With regard to the food it is a few dollars too much for what you get. $9 for 5 chicken wings? The conventional standards for bar food is tossed out the window. One is that the food is cheap and plentiful. Rebel Republic is expensive and small.  The other convention is that the food is average. Not here.The food is fantastic!I would highly recommend Rebel Republic for food with a warning about the cost.   Beer prices were fair.  So we'll be back.  We will most definitely look for specials cause with so many choices in Las Vegas, we often have to go to options that offer a more modest value.
5	50+ Draft Beers. A great (but abbreviated) food menu. Recycled materials (kudos for the Green efforts!) in the furnishings contribute to a "Steam Punk" look and feel. Really high quality eats. And more than 50 beers on tap. A pool table. More than ten huge high definition television. 50+ Draft Beers. _ahem_ 50+ Draft Beers.There a L0t going on here. "Pastrami Egg Rolls" with house smoked meat,And 50+ Beers On Tap.Plenty of gaming machines with progressive.And 50+ Beers On Tap.This place is inconspicuously located in the shopping center on the Northeast corner of Sahara and Valley View (car wash, dry cleaners, right next to the knife store).Happy Hour 2pm-6, 1am-4am. $1 of select craft beers, $4 wells, $2 PBR. $3 Bud Light, Coors Light, Corona Light. Gambling drawings for 4-of-Kinds Wednesdays and Sundays (in the evening).Some patio seating.
5	The Bf & I invited a few friends and decided to check this place out. The place was a little hard to find, kind of hidden in the corner, but definitely worth the effort. Great, extensive beer list. I really liked the kronenbourg 1664  Blanc with 5% alcohol. I also liked the beer content being in the menu. Plus they have Titos vodka... Yay!! The spicy calamari was amazing. I only wish there was more of it because it was so good! The seaweed underneath complimented it perfectly. I also ordered one of the burgers, without a bun. Very flavorful. They were a little stingy on the fries, but since the bf kept stealing them I can't really complain too much. I think they were just so good that I wanted more of 'em. Yummy in my tummy! Service was excellent, bartender Kristyne is friendly and fun. I wish this place was closer to my house, but either way I'll definitely be back. It was a Friday night, and the place was pretty busy. Good quality of people.
2	I want to love this place!  It's near my home and I love their  beer selection.  52 beers on tap you can't beat that . The problem is the food is terrible.  The burger has pork belly ground in leaving the burger greasy and excuse my French sh****! The fries are an inch to an inch and a half long leaving them too salty and when you dip them in ketchup your fingers have to get wet with the sh**** fries every time. I asked the manager what is good on the menu and he said "to be honest with you nothing is that good" .  The truth hurts. I don't want to bad mouth the pub I want to love, but this is definitely a work in progress. Beer thumbs up, food thumbs down!
5	The bartenders are great, the atmosphere is laid back chill, the food is delicious,  the machines are hot and the 50+ beers are ice cold!! 'Nuff said. Dont believe theres a bar that cool? Go see for yourself!
5	Great atmosphere! Alot of tv's and the beer selection is impressive! A nicer sports bar. Food is delicious. And again, the beer selection! Better than any bar in the area. Will be coming back for football alot this year! Bartenders are friendly! A very good hangout!
5	Great bar and ambience.  Went out of their way to get my game on SEC network when they didn't even have a subscription to the channel. We will definitely be back!
5	I am both a beer drinker and scotch drinker and the beer selection is outstanding and they have decent scotch selections. The staff is great... Knowledgable and friendly.  The food was ON!!! I had the pork loin sandwich and tempura avocado appetizer, both extremely good. They have a bunch of TV's so every NFL game on Sunday was on... That's always a plus.  They have one pool table but have two dart boards so that was cool to throw some darts.Overall, I really enjoyed this place and will come back again for sure for both the great food and 52 beers on tap!
4	Love that this bar is close to my hood. Beer selection excellent. Kat the server - we love her, extremely up on her beer smarticles. Don't care for the beer prices not being listed on menu. I like to know how much I am paying. Food has been hit and miss. 9/13/14 beer prices were now on the menu.
4	The big news here is the beer selection: 52 beers on draft!  Rebel Republic is one of the newer gastropub/sports bars in town, which I hope is a trend that continues.  Why shouldn't you be able to enjoy good food with good drink?Three of us stopped by on a Thursday night, and the bar was pretty empty even though there were games on; I'm assuming it's because they're pretty new.  The bar uses a lot of wood and piping for a neat industrial design.  Plenty of seating and plenty of TV's, I doubt there's a bad seat here.  They have a pool table and two dart boards.  The dart area is set up nicely, and offers a bit of privacy, however the throwing line (oche, if you want to use the correct term) is about a foot too close to the dart board.Between us we shared a bunch of appetizers and a burger.  The sliders were good, and interestingly the patty was deep fried.  We tried a pork special they had, which had an Asian inspired sauce; decent.  Wings were good, nice and big, not too much breading.  The tempura avocado was forgettable.  The Pastrami Eggroll was good, and reminded me of a reuben pasty from Cornish Pasty, except more cylindrical.  The burger was a big miss; the beef quality was not there, it was flavorless, and all you tasted was bread and sauce.  Not a bad place, lots of food and drink specials during games.  For the 6 dishes and 7 beers we ordered during Thursday Night Football, it came out to $30 per person including tip; not too bad.  Definitely a spot to keep in mind if you're in the area.
5	Love this bar. Robert is an awesome owner and hands on. The bar staff is on your drinks and you will never have an empty glass.
5	I am visiting my friend, coworker & bartender, Carla,at this awesome new sports bar. This place is big, beautiful & welcoming. The food is fusion deliciousness. They have this pool tables, gaming, a gazillion gynormous big screen tv's  a great juke box & a covered patio that literally beckons you to hang out & have a PDA.Try the variety of egg rolls. They avocado for vegans & reuben, for the not. Ask for a side of their tangy pickle juice. It tastes so good, you will want to lick it off of ANYTHING (yes, I mean anything).
5	Great selection of beer and alcohol. NFL package on deck. Great eats.. Oh, and if you like to degen, they have video gaming. Even better, a system to play your own music and listen to your own TV that your game is on. Getting it right. Support
5	Great beer selections-over 50 beers on tap. The staff was friendly and courteous. The food was great. The rebel burger was yummy! Cool place to watch sports. Plenty of TVs for all sport games. The atmosphere is cool! Got a really good vibe! Will be back for sure!
2	Beer selection is great and reasonably priced.We ordered the calamari and the rueben egg roll, both $9. The food was very flavorful, but not much for the price. It was more "bistro" trend than bar or normal restaurant servings.Food was put down and I had to wait for silverware. My drink was empty when the food arrived and I was not offered another until the plates were cleared. The bartender did not ask how anything was and passed us multiple times. I tried to get her attention with no luck.I might try this place again in a few months once they work a few things out. Was really looking forward to going and ended up very disappointed!
5	This bar is a hidden gem... Somewhere to definitely meet up for a quick bite and to watch sporting events. I am very happy to have found this place. Amazing service that can deliver knowledge on the quality of beer and food selection. Phil the bartender is my fave.. He always recommends the best beers on draft.
5	I had a blast here the other night played darts with my friends. Drank some really good Joseph  James  Citra Rye Ale  got a free glass! Started getting hungry and I ordered the burger oh man oh man it was so juicy . I have never had a burger like it in my life.
5	Food this good should not be coming from a bar in strip mall, but good lawd!I know what you're thinking, "5 stars for a Gastro Pub?", seriously though this place has some of the best bar food I've eaten in a long time and I use the term, "bar food" loosely. I mean house smoked Pastrami Egg Rolls, Fried Kobe Beef Sliders and a insane calamari dish. Who's the f**king mad scientist in the kitchen?!Rebel Republic is tucked away in a random strip mall off Sahara Ave. and the only reason I was able to spot it, is because of their giant glowing neon blue ribbon sign. Finally, all those years of drinking that terrible PBR slop are paying off. When you walk up to Rebel Republic you first notice a keen little patio area outside of the restaurant possibly for sipping and sampling. I got here around 1a.m. and it was still too hot to eat outside, so I decided to belly up to the bar.  The beer selection can be overwhelming even to the most veteran hop heads. From what I understand they have over 52 beers on tap at all times, which is music to my ears; "I'll start with the Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA". As I sipped my beverage, I noticed that the menu items here were very intriguing. "Bartender, who's in charge of the food?" "Oh, we hired a chef to come in and revamp the menu and then teach the permanent chefs how to prepare each item"... Oh you fancy huh?This made sense.  As I stated in the first paragraph the food here is amazing and is made fresh to order 24 hours a day! Literally you can get Kobe Beef Sliders at four in the morning... how awesome is that? Speaking of the super sliders, these are amazing little bites of heaven, perfectly cooked, seasoned, and placed between two soft pillows of sweet bread. Oh mama!The Pastrami Egg Rolls is pretty much exactly what it sound like. You know, delicious! Salted cured meat, wrapped in filo-dough, deep fried, and served with a house made thousand island sauce. Seriously, this goes great with a solid IPA.The final thing I decided on was the calamari. This comes in a bowl with pickled seaweed. (I'm not sure about that?) These tasty morsels resemble that of a sweet and sour chicken, but taste just like perfectly cooked calamari with a spicy, saucy coating. I almost ordered another round. RR has a very chill vibe and the decor of a Midwestern family's basement. Animal heads and wood paneling for days. Plus the servers here are very helpful when it to comes to ordering beers. They will have a beer sample ready and in your hand before you can even ask the question, "is that a hoppy beer?" PRO TIP: Check-In when you arrive and get a $2 PBR. If you're into that sort of thing.
1	I have been to Rebel Republic a few times and found the staff to be okay, they often leave you unattended for long periods of time.  I also noticed they would run out of food from the already limited menu.  Overall not impressed with this location
4	We stopped by for Sunday burgers and my husband wanted PBR on tap ( no sampling of the 52 other beers but note they also have 2 NA beers). We had 10 TVs in our sight, great server, delicious food and plenty to drink!  The calamari was tender inside a flavorful breading and the seaweed was a terrific complement.  One juicy burger, one pork tenderloin that was a crispy crust around a thick cutlet, and yummy fries.  We will be back !!
4	Nice atmosphere, great beer selection, and cool layout for gathering with friends. Video poker pay tables are decent and good size crowd for a Friday night bar in a strip plaza.
5	Great place! Huge beer list, great decor. Weird location, but screw it! Come in and drink!
5	Best damn sports bar in Vegas! 52 craft beers on tap and fantastic food. The Reuben egg rolls are the perfect accompaniment to a nice cold IPA. Great game day specials and Lacey and Missy are the best damn bartenders around. 16 TV's and all the games on. Love this place!
5	This place is Amazing for football Sundays. The staff is super accommodating and will put your game on whatever TV you would like.  Tons of beer to choose from including great New Belgium Beer specials during game day. My new favorite Football Sunday destination!
5	Awesome knowledgeable staff, great food, 52+ cold brews, HOT machines and TVs galore!!  Football specials and happy hour during the week!  Definitely should add as a weekly check-in spot!!!
4	It's been a few weeks since I've been here with my friends so this review will be about what stuck with me in that time frame.First, when we went in it still had that new bar smell, meaning it hasn't been inundated with the smell of smoke infused furniture yet. There were screens eveer.erywhere and the amount of beers on tap was reminiscent of a Yard House selection (woohoo!) They had some awesome happy hour deals and this huge "rebel mug" that was about the size of my head. We sat around for a while on some couches contemplating the extensive beer menu. We purchased our drinks at the bar and were about to play some billiards when, rounding the corner, I spotted the best thing I have seen in a bar ever (besides beer). There is a small cubby dedicated to playing darts! Two adjacent dartboards with a little table for drinks. Our group invaded this area and held it for hours, playing the dumbest games. We enjoyed strange music being chosen by a group on the far end of the bar via jukebox (kinda expensive) and drank maybe 2-3 beers each. One of the staffers (an owner perhaps) came by and took our picture as we played. It was a fun and good ol time, and it was all for ourselves.I haven't had the chance to sample food but the drinks were great. There was an excellent selection of craft beers on tap (gulden draak, one of my favorites, being one)My only reason for the 4star review is because there is still room for improvement. We weren't served as promptly as I thought we would be considering it was a new establishment and building rapport with new clientele should be priority. Also, I wasn't returned my driver's licence (which I had to forfeit in exchange for the darts) when we were done playing although I had asked. Communication amongst staff seemed lacking, though understandable because the team was so new. I was inconvenienced of making a shocking discovery within the next two days that my ID was missing and would have to drive back to retrieve it. Upon returning though, I was taken care of by Missy, a cheerful bartender who really helped me settle in as I enjoyed a beer.Would definitely come again!(I apologize for lack of content and criticism in my reviews, still learning how to write!)
4	Phil. Great bartender. I instantly like him. I major reason I'm going back. Beer selection. Very good, large, and moderately priced. But nothing that really sticks out as unique.All the servers are cicerones. That's pretty cool! Food...It looked good??Location is pretty nice and so is the layout. It plays out like what is becoming the style in most other cities, but Las Vegas tends to lack.
5	Love the staff at this new place!  The food here is amazing, usually have 2 ciders and a burger. Kobe beef is served in a full size burger or sliders,  the sliders are crisp but soft inside.  Have tried a variety of plates on the menu and have not been disappointed.
4	Super impressed!!! Came to watch the football game...great food, drinks, comfy couches and Carla was the best!! Everyone was extremely friendly, checked on us but weren't overbearing. Would definitely come back.
5	Thought the place was closed by first looks but thankfully we went in! This place has amazing food, probably the best I've had in a bar/pub ever! To top of the amazing food they have over 50 beers to choose from and the environment is chill. Highly recommend and definitely going back!
5	Really nice bar with a awesome beer selection. Lots of TVs to watch every game. I didn't have food but my girlfriend said the wings were excellent. I'll be back.
5	Experience:  My team, the Saints, were playing Green Bay, and a friend of mine that lives close by me is a big fan.  We decided to go somewhere they was pretty close by to both of us.  I looked on Yelp and found this little hidden spot. They had great prices on the food and beer for the Sunday games too. Service:  at first it was pretty slow, because we sat down and no one acknowledged us. After a few minutes, I got up and went to the bar to order, and the bartender was very nice and apologetic. She told us she would come to the table. The rest of the night she was very attentive. Food:  WOW.  Can I just tell you that this place was such a surprise.  The food was amazing.  It all has a slight Asian twist on your typical American comfort food. We ordered the pastrami eggrolls.  These were so good.  They had in house home made pastrami inside of crunchy eggrolls wrappers and the thousand island type dressing to dip them in. Then we ordered avocado tempura which was really good and served over a mildly spicy sauce. Then we tried the sliders.  They were so tasty and unique. They make their own hamburger, so don't try to compare this to BK. Lastly, we got the calamari....this was probably the best calamari I ever had. It was battered crisp, but tossed in a light buffalo wing sauce. Who would have ever thought this made such a good pairing?!  Yum!!Facility: this place is a little dark, but I don't mind that. It is a bar after all. They have seats at the bar and comfortable seats along the walls.  They also have plenty of TVs to watch sports. They have Hear TV, so bring your headphones in case your game is not on audio. They also have Touch Tunes for those that use it. Overall review: I love this place.  I love the atmosphere, the food and the service. I will definitely be back!!!
4	Bartender Missy super cool and funny.  The chicken wings are great they have a asian flair to them.  Egg Rolls not a fan.  My friends like the fried pickles I wasn't to fond of them.  The brownie sundae is super delicious. I definitely want to come back and try more food here.  They have so many beers to choose from that change.  Pool tables in the back, good little hang out and a late night happy hour that starts at 1am-5am
4	I came here last week and ordered Kobe beef sliders and a beer. I would probably come here just for the Kobe beef sliders. They were so flavorful and I loved how the meat was formed into a crispy meatball. They also have an extensive selection of beer which I love because I've been getting more and more into beer lately! The waitress that helped us was very friendly and made a lot of recommendations for our beer/food selections. My boyfriend ordered a burger and fries and they ended up giving us two baskets of fries, just so we could both try them out. I really liked the texture of the fries and the fact that they were very thin and crispy, but they were a little too salty for my liking. I feel like that isn't usually how their fries are though since a lot of people say the fries are BOMB in their reviews. After we ate, the waitress recommended we check out the other side of the bar where they have dart boards. We grabbed some darts from the bartender and started playing. I definitely need some more practice, which gives me more of an excuse to come here!
4	So many things to like about Rebel. I can't give it 5 stars because of the smoke. It's too much to ask to drink my Lagunitas Born Yesterday without secondhand smoking a dozen cigs but such is life. The things they do have going for them though, are going splendidly. They have a great selection of taps and they usually have something new to try when I pop in. If they blow a keg of your favorite brew, never fear, chances are they have something equally good to replace it with. I'm not a huge fan of bar food so there aren't a ton of options here for me to chose from. I eat the fries. As far as french fries go, these are decent. They're fat steak fries not the annoying shoestring version. The fish tacos are a good option too but they aren't listed on the menu so I'm not sure if the tacos are there to stay. The bartenders (a few of them at least) recognize me, which I like. They know what I drink and greet me with a sample if they have something new on tap they think I might enjoy. Cool. Go for the beer, stay cause the people pouring it are pretty cool.
4	Heard about this place from a friend. Came here on a Monday late night. It's a hidden gem off Sahara if you blink you'll miss it. Really nice atmosphere The beer list is insane! If your a craft beer fan then you'll be In love ( coors, bud people need not apply) lolI ordered the Kobe sliders and they were restaurant quality. Didn't taste like bar food at all, I'm coming back for the sliders ! Finally our bartender Phil was amazing.
5	I found out about this new little bar in an article " Top Ten Bars In Las Vegas". I was looking for something centrally located, off the strip with a great beer selection, decently priced, good food, and an enjoyable setting. This place exceeded my expectations! The beer knowledge of all the staff alone blew me away! The selection is impeccable. I have been searching high and low for New Belgium's Lips of Faith series La Folie ( a Brown Sour) and they have it on tap!!!! I had the BBQ sliders. Wow! The food was delicious. The presentation, the bold flavors, and the fact that their meats are slow cooked and smoked in house. I can't wait to try them all! Katy and Larry took amazing care of us and I will be returning on a regular basis! These guys did it right. Must check this bar out!
5	I hardly drink, but when I do, its  Rebel Republic!  Very nice place, great food, excellent bartenders.
2	I rarely write reviews and when i do...it's either i really really love you...or really really dislike you!!!Food: it was not bad...when they brought out my fiance's calamari, i thought it was chicken wings at first coz it was shaped odd (like a surfboard, instead of the strips/rings that im used to)...for $9, i expected a bigger portion. Good flavors, otherwise.The korean bbq sandwich gets a thumbs up for me. $5 for a teeny kobe beef slider...really?My fiance got one of their burgers (the Eastwood) and was not impressed. For the price we're paying, we're better off at Bachi burger. My fiance was not thrilled with the "meh" burger so he was just nibbling at it. (since he did pay $13 for such a mediocre entree)I ordered a side of sweet potato fries. Our server/bartender Missy gave me regular fries instead and i pointed that out to her and she said she'll bring me the correct one....and i've never seen those fries for the rest of the nightThis was our first stop of the night and it was cold outside and a bit chilly inside...so the kicker of it all was when Missy knocked a full glass of Dr. Pepper on my fiance's lap. Imagine, in the dead of winter, having an icy beverage spilled all over your jeans and you have plans to go later!!!! The busser was kind enough to mop the floors and apologize profusely.So nearing the end of our meal, my fiance was the only left slowly munching on his mediocre burger. He was distracted talking to our big group of friends so tell me why Missy takes his burger and fries away without asking him!!! When she came back, he told her he wasnt done and she said "i saw napkins on top of it and thought you were done". Liar! There wasnt any napkins of top of his burger. I saw her put a dirty napkin on top of it and took it away!She apologized and offered to grab him another burger or take it off the tab.My fiance works in the restaurant biz so instead of Missy telling the manager the issues we've been having at our table, we had to flag the manager down to complain! Why wasnt this automatic, Missy?? You should let your manager know when there are issues IMMEDIATELY because the you want to please your paying customers!!!!So when my fiance explained to the manager what happened, tell me why this manager says, "What would you like me to do about it?"As a manager, you should first, apologize then say something like "let me take that off your bill". Why would you ask the customer what you want them to do? Dont you think it's embarrassing if the customer tells you..."oh, you take that off my bill".....The right thing to do is tell the customer that u'll take it off immediately, especially considering all the cr*p that happened to us. (my fiance told me this is what their managers do for their customers to keep them happy & for them to come back at his restaurant. )The crowd: Tell me why our friends were the most diverse ppl in that whole restaurant??...i think majority of the crowd that was there saturday night were bikers and dudes wearing swastika, neo nazi shirts.....not cool if you have a crew with black, asian and hispanic ppl....but then again, we probably just went on a cr*ptastic night.For a better variety of beers and fantastic food at reasonable prices (esp during their happy hour)...ur better off at Yard House!Ok...enough of my PMS...time for a donut.oink
5	Rebel is the Top Craft Beer Bar in the entire Las Vegas valley. Having been to over 90% of the bars and clubs in Las Vegas, in my profession, I have seen the best and the worst among Vegas Bars and Wannabe's. First Off, having the most knowledgeable in their Craft(PUN intended) and being certified at that, also not being so bad on the eyes, the Beer Slingers at Rebel are SECOND TO NONE! Just an example, Wendy, having a following the size of some local bands, has been know to cause riots due to the crowds of beer-lovers and Gamers that follow her. She knows her shit and can run with the Big Dogs, so don't underestimate her talents.The food, yes somewhat on the pricey side, but then you are not getting frozen, pre-made crap that you get at other bars. You are getting scratch-made, gourmet bar food with a twist. You dont come to a Craft Beer Bar for the cheapest Beer available and you should not expect the cheapest food to go with it. If you want $2 Miller 64's and frozen/fried cheese sticks or poppers, I suggest PT's down the street.In the 15+ years that I've been in Las Vegas, testing, critiquing, and everything else when it comes to Food, Bars, Nightlife, etc, I've seen Bars come and go in every part of the city. this location in particular has been a Doc Holidays, I believe a Loose Caboose or something similar and about 3 other things that have gone under in the time that Rebel has already been here. You can tell as soon as you walk in the door that there in a quality product here. There is no cheap decor and neon beer signs, everything is up to snuff and the people behind the bar have the same quality. You dont find Certified Craft Beer Bartenders at every corner Pub.This place is going to be here a while!
5	The beer list is impeccable!  Over 50 craft beers on tap.  We had a large party for NFL playoffs & Carla never let our glass go empty.  Carla provides the best service & recommendations - and always with a smile!  Great deals on food & plenty of TVs!!!
5	Love, Love, LOVE this place.  52 beers on tap?  YES!  And some of the best beers around.. Stone, Rogue, Alesmith, Green Flash.. The staff is ALWAYS phenomenal.  Wendy is great behind the bar with quick refills, and always a smile.  Plus she knows pretty much everything there is to know about the beers, so her recommendations are spot on.The prices are great, especially for the typically more expensive crafts.  Definitely a place we will frequent.
