4	Before you judge me for all my late-night kebab eating sins, hear me out.Ok,yes, I had a hankering for hot meat, in a sandwich, at 11.30pm on a Thursday night. After a search on the Yelp app showed up no open Subway outlets nearby, I realised I would have to resort to a kebab.Kebab shops in Scotland are generally unhealthy. Greasy, often coupled with chips, probably only 5% meat. But I was desperate.So when I stumbled upon Pasha I was very pleasantly surprised. Clean, bright, with a menu that included chicken kebabs, and a very clean, fresh looking salad bar. I ordered my chicken kebab and waited as Ali (this is the guys name, we had time to chat and become acquainted!) grilled me some fresh chicken. Not pre-heated nonsense.As I was waiting, we got chatting. Turns out it's a new store, only 6 months old, and Ali and his brother run it having just moved over from Turkey themselves 6 months ago. So, this is gen-yoo-un Turkish kebabs folks. Yes, it's a takeaway outlet that will cater to a lot of late-nighters but it lacks all the grease, curry sauce, and salt&vinegar of your regular kebab shops.The kebab itself was delicious. In a huge wholemeal pitta bread, with fresh salad, and charcoaly-tasting hot chicken, mmmm num num.If you're in the Tollcross area and have a hankering for some late night snackage, I couldn't recommend this place enough. Even if you're on a 'healthy January kick' the chicken kebab is a winner. It's the morning after and I don't have the food-baby of shame - win!They also do FREE home delivery which is pretty awesome. I've uploaded photos of the menu, as they don't have a website. For all your kebab needs, check it. And say hi to Ali for me!
3	I know I have friends all over, but I didn't realise that I had a friend in Pasha until I stepped through the door. The prompt greeting from the fellow behind the counter was welcoming, verging on friendly. Seemingly to ensure absolutely -no- confusion on the point of whether or not we were buddies, he referred to me no fewer than half a dozen times as 'my friend' during the ten minutes I spent in the shop. Not bad for never having exchanged names, right?After a brief perusal of the menu board, I opted for a basic donner kebab. Reportedly, they also serve up everything from burgers and chips to pizza to curries. Quite versatile, considering the wee footprint of this takeaway. With my meaty bounty (which barely fit in the styrofoam container!) in tow, I returned to my hotel room to stuff my face before passing out, as one does after four drams of whisky in one night. Though I can't rave much about the meat (it ran a bit on the dry side), Pasha certainly isn't stingy with portions. Even though my last meal was nearly twelve hours prior, I was still only able to get down about half my kebab before raising my white flag in surrender. The combination of freshly toasted pita topped with shaved lamb (presumably) and topped off with salad, a lone wedge of tomato, and a heavy dousing of white sauce left me feeling satisfied and sleepy.And as if you had to ask what I did with the other half of my kebab... it vanished once the sun came up and tasted even better than the night before. Waste not, want not!
5	5 stars for a kebab, late-night takeaway. From a bonafide Foodie. Oh my.But Pasha is definitely 'as good as it gets' as far as kebab shops and takeaways go. I've been back twice in the past 3 weeks and feel none the worse for it. Not even an ounce of guilt.The reason being their chicken pitta kebab is really as fresh, wholesome and healthy (yes you read me right, HEALTHY) as you can get. It's fresh raw chicken, grilled in front of you, with salad and a freshly toasted pitta. I think if you opt for the donner / burgers / chips etc. you're going to get the regular kebab hangover and I can't claim it's healthy. But the chicken kebabs really are outstanding.I brought the boy here the first time and he was really, really impressed. "It's been than out of a deli" were his exact words. So after a whisky tasting and fancy two-course dinner that was so small we were both still hungry, we actually purposely went out our way to come here for a fresh chicken kebab each. After a two-course meal. Yes I know. But no food baby the next day, and my jeans are none the tighter.Every time I've been I've gotten chatting to one of the two brothers that run the place. As Kevin L says, it's also really friendly and I have also often been called "my friend". They're both Turkish, only opened recently, and it really is great, fresh healthy food available at 2pm.It's clean, small and there's no clinging grease hanging around in the air. True testament that they're doing the best they can for Edinburgh late-night post-pub crawlers. Just make sure you're not too tipsy that you don't actually enjoy and appreciate it!
4	Read Jenny L's review before trip to Edinburgh; since Pasha is a short walk from where I'm bunking I ate a donner pita sandwich plate special with a big pile of meat, salad veggies & sauce, chips, and drink. Sandwich was sloppy, overflowing the pita and quite tasty. Turkish guys running it are really friendly, the food was quick, made-to-order, and reasonably priced so it's worth a visit.
5	OK, no way that I can't give these guys five stars!I've been a couple of times, and their late night guilt free chicken wrap is as good as any other if not better... at request they've added jalepenos to mine from the pizza toppings and anyone who knows me would know that's worth a star on it's own. I mean, it was GOOD as far as chicken wraps go ingeneral, not just 2am good. (It was 2am delicious!) ;-)Where these guys earn five stars is a few weeks ago I called two minutes before closing really just to see if they actually closed at the stated time... sadly they confirmed they were to close in two minutes, so I thanked them and said goodbye... before I could hang up they asked if I wanted to put an order in so that they could hold it for me... I thought ittoo much trouble given we were at least 10 minutes away, but they eventually persuaded me so an order was placed for a friend and I... 10 or so minutes later we showed up and almost didn't see the place... it was lights off, floor swept, closed, but yet they welcomed us and handed overwarm delicious wraps as if it were nothing. (I confess to having assumed they were busy and therefore over accommodating us, but that definitely wasn't the case.)I've been a few times since and they are always friendly and accommodating, can't ask for more really. In the end this is a Mediterranean take away joint, but for the foreseeable future they've captured my business when a night calls for one!PS. For what they are and the service they offer they earn five stars, but if this type of place isn't your thing then that's not likely to change... for the rest of us late night wanderers give them a try! :)
5	This place is great food is fresh and cooked well. They make everything just the way you ask. Finding this place has made eating on this trip very easy with dietary restrictions  can't say enough good things you def should eat here if you want something cooked quick that is healthy
