3	Well, the plan was to have our getaway day lunch at L'Avenue, but as seems usual with that place, the line was out the door, and we just didn't have time to wait.  So, we ventured directly across the street to this friendly looking bistro with a nice streetside patio area, and were pleasantly suprised at the food, portions, and service.  Actually, those portions were quite huge, which made the prices quite reasonable.  Plus, Boreale draft pints were on special for $5, which is just stellar.  Hey, is it me, or does everyone in Montreal seem to like to have a beer or wine (or two) with lunch?  It's sort of like Europe, and I am totally down with that.  Anyway, this is a safe bet sort of place.
1	Went to cafe el dorado simply because we didn't have the 45 minutes to wait in line at l'avenue (which is a delicious breakfast place right across the street). The prices here were more expensive and the food was ill-prepared. Their china and cutlery reminded me of that time I ate in this diner in the middle of nowhere built in the seventies that hadn't been redecorated or cleaned since then. I ordered a dish which they served with stale potatoes that Tasted a day old and fruit that was much older than that. They tried cutting the rotten parts of the fruit off but left a little behind. They then placed the fruit nice side up, leaving the rotten bits face down hoping I wouldn't notice. DISGUSTING STAY AWAY. and as for speaking English, they are extremely rude here. Not tourist friendly, service is in French only. last I checked Canada is bilingual
1	I'm really not a fan of El Dorado. I don't like the service, the ambience, or the food! I feel that the only reason this place stays open is because L'avenue across the street always has a line up.I recently waited for 65 minutes for 2 eggs and sausage. WOW. I counted 9 front of house employees and they still can't get their s*it together.
1	Oh. My. God. If a resto can "test" my patience, this is definitely the place. Over an hour after placing my order to get eggs???? Seriously?! Horrendous. I'll never go back.
2	I visited Cafe El Dorado because I didn't want to wait for the ridiculously long line at the infamous L'Avenue across the road. As I've never heard of this brunch place before, I didn't have any expectations going in.I had brunch at Cafe El Dorado, and the quality of the food itself was average. The portions were decent for the standard brunch prices.The service was a disappointment. It took at least 20 minutes just to get the order down, and the food time a very long time to show up. The waiters and waitresses weren't particularly friendly either, but at the same time they didn't do anything terribly bad. I wouldn't visit here again, since there are better places just down the road (just walk along Ave Du Mont-Royal and you'll find something).
4	There is nice seating outside on the sidewalk, like many restaurants along Mont Royal.  We had breakfast outdoors here one morning during our most recent stay in the Plateau area and both the food and service were excellent.  Order taken promptly, waitress attentive, etc.  My eggs over easy were cooked perfectly and my order of bacon was ample (4 slices).  And fresh squeezed orange juice to boot.  All for around $10.  Great value and a nice little place for breakfast.
4	If you don't want to wait for a table in "famous" Avenue du Plateau just in the other side of the street this is the place to go. The food served has quality and it's not expensive. The waiters are really nice and they readily pay attention to you if you need something. Never had my coffee cup empty! Newspaper is available and a nice terrace outside is waiting for you in the sunny days. Would definitely come back!
4	Huevos rancheros for brunch - yum! We were lucky to get in just before a line formed at the door.
1	Had eggs benedict. Ridiculous amounts of jellyfish-like yellow sauce. Not tasty. Asked for fresh orange juice. Not available. Coffee wasn't good. Waitresses not friendly. Would avoid this place, except to enjoy terrace for a few minutes with a glass of water.
4	Me  and my friends didn't want to wait in the line that was 1 hour + across the street so we came here for brunch. I got their banana crepes and  and my friends had their eggs benedict along with some bloody marys and mimosas. We all thought the food was pretty good. The drinks were so so, but i don't think they are known for their bloodies. Service was good and we sat outside which was nice. Overall we all liked it
1	Worst customer service I've ever seen! 45 minutes for just eggs is ridiculous! Not once did they come by to check on us and when the food did come out, our eggs benedict came out COLD! No apology nothing. Never coming back.
1	This place quality went from average to mediocre.   The price went from average to higher than average for sub par food. Whoever is working the kitchen is not inspired and standards were low.  Cold soggy fries and not inspired croque monsieur were served , A tasteless, watery bland  calamari salad with mabe 6 rings of calamari  that was not worth half the price charged was served.   Service was good but that was probably due to the lack of customers present at lunch time. I will avoid this place now,  There are cheaper  better options around.
3	We came here for breakfast on Jan. 1st, after seeing that the place across the street was closed. This seemed to be the reason that many others came here too. Montreal sets a high standard for brunch, and this place doesn't compare to many we've tried. Service was quite slow, as we asked for our coffee a few times before a server came over. Food was OK and standard.
