5	When I first discovered the Turkish Kitchen a couple of years ago, it didn't look anything particularly special from the outside. I find this is very common with the places serving the most authentic food. Recently the frontage has been spruced up, but thankfully the food remains at the same high standard.As the name suggests, it's a real family affair & you feel like a guest at their house eating home-cooked food, lovingly prepared and representing the best Turkish cuisine has to offer. It is also priced to suit most people's pockets & I really hope it stays that way. I can't wait to visit again!
5	The best hummus I've ever had. Best even better than what I've had in Israel! I also had the Lamb with tomato, onion and mushroom. It was all so tasty! Great portions at  great prices. The owner and chef is so sweet and helpful when ordering. Dine in or take out, it is nice for both.
3	Turkish Kitchen was a thoroughly decent, inexpensive meal for a group of us who hadn't booked a table in the city centre on a Friday night.On sitting we were brought some bread and the most amazingly tasty dip ever.  I need to know what's in that dip because it was the highlight of the meal.  Not very hungry, I opted for the Turkish ravioli which, despite not being listed on the menu, came with a side of salad and rice.  The sides were a bit awkward and somewhat wasteful, but were certainly tasty.  The ravioli left a lot to be desired, primarily because it was so overcooked it came apart the minute it I tried to eat it.  The taste was fine though nothing compared with my other experience with Turkish ravioli, which was such a shame because I was expecting something really fantastic.  I probably should have ordered something kebab-ey like everyone else, but I just wasn't in the mood for a meat feast.  Everyone else seemed happy with their meals, though.  One weird thing was that when we ordered beer we got glasses which appeared all different sizes and smaller than what you would expect of either a pint or a large bottle. It was a really good option for a group looking for something cheap and cheerful but is, in my opinion, not Edinburgh's best Turkish by a long mile.
