2	Grand Opening for PoshBurger today!I had very high expectations...but I was pretty disappointed truthfully Little things like the Raw Juices not working yet is acceptable as initial growing pains....Them not having highchairs or boosters for my little foodie dude...borderline acceptable...these things will be fixed in due time.But a medium rare burger should not be difficult to achieve...especially if it isn't busy out front! The first bite...a well done burger. I sent it back, with apologies from the server and a manager intro. The manager said she would personally check up on the next burger, and to make sure it was done correctly the second time around.  Kobe burger :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poshburger-bistro-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#4cJIHeKsw7583CsxztmIfwFirst bite into the second burger...well done again. Are you serious? Well done, as in cooked 100% throughout. Not a hint of pink at all...the same as the first time. My company was already pretty much done with theirs, and we were running out of time, so I wasn't going to bother sending it back. The server checked on the second burger, saw it was overcooked again, and said she would get the manager.Meals over...no manager. We get asked for dessert, we decline, and the check comes over....no manager, no discount, no mention about the poor cooking. I pay and get outta there...still no manager chasing me out the door to double check everything, especially being notified of the second time around. Keep in mind, this was a $30 hamburger. This is their top tier, most expensive plate they sell....they should be able to cook it right, especially after two tries. And for $30, I got meat that I couldn't tell was Kobe, Waygu, or Sirloin because it was overcooked. The foie gras was a sliver...about an inch wide, that didn't even cover half of the burger. Look closely for it :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poshburger-bistro-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#QGfHECw6fQR6tXecvIfUhgThe quail egg was great...but small of course. It covered the half of the burger that had no foie gras....It's a $30 burger!! I don't want a half/half burger, but I guess that is what they are going for. There other burgers are probably fine...just don't waste your money on their Kobe burger!Also, one other small rant....the dips were way too small! We got one small glass bowl that was about halfway filled up...for each set of fry!  Pic of the fries :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poshburger-bistro-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#jU73XEy-7LnNiXZtTseeFwI was afraid to ask for more, since it probably would have carried a $2 price tag, so I tried to spread the love out. Fill up the entire glass, or offer two with each fry!The tuna tartar burger was good though! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poshburger-bistro-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#McfVnw8B3SzaAW9zcVPJVgVery light and refreshing with the asian slaw and wasabi aioli!  I love wasabi, so I kind of wish they went heavier on it, but we know others wouldn't like it that way! The tuna was cooked well, and had a nice consistency...not falling apart or overcooked.With all that being said, the Kobe burger itself was great tasting, just felt like it should have been a whole lot closer to $18-20 than the $30 price tag.  I never mind spending good money for a good burger...but double the size of the foie gras to compete with the other gourmet burger spots in town, or you won't last long selling them for the same money.  The flavor IS there, just cook it correctly, and give your paying customers a fair amount of topping...we are paying enough money for it.
1	Going to close soon
5	The ambience is unique and the food is exquisite. I'm a firm believer in the motto "you get what you pay for" and the quality and taste of the food is definitely worth the additional few dollars. The venison burger delivered an astounding combination of bernaise sauce and marmalade fused together with a wide array of other fresh ingredients. It isn't every day I am impressed with the food of new establishments but this one definitely ranks at the top of the chute.
5	Best Wild Bore burger I have ever had.  The service is awesome.  I will be coming here a lot.  Next is the Elk Burger.. I can't wait.  Sorry Jason,  I have to give a 5 . Nothing else works....
5	Organic and grass fed meat. Great service  and awesome wine selection.
5	I ate at PoshBurger Bistro for the first time last night with my family.  To say we had a great time would be an understatement.   We were blown away!!!   The food was absolutely incredible!!   Everything we tried was better than the last.   Mark and his staff were knowledgeable and extremely courteous - making us feel right at home.   We also had an opportunity to meet Chef Gallagher who shared his vision and the intangibles that make PoshBurger Bistro an amazing culinary experience.   Cheers to my new favorite restaurant!!!
1	Poshburger is atrocious.... Save your time and money or go to Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay. My girlfriend and i went to poshburger tonight for the first (and last) time. Restauraunt was about 25% full and After seating us, they took an inordinate amount of time to acknowledge us and take a drink order... We also ordered our entrees which were EXACTLY the same: kobe burger, medium rare, fries, and my GF ordered one of their raw juices. The server did the old "not write anything down" bit... Shortly after, he disappeared and some girl took his place. Compliments of the house we got some small salmon appetizer thing (one bite really) & it was interesting... Two burgers then came out. Mine was right, hers was not. How two identically ordered burgers can differ i do not know. Also, no juice, and no fries. We immediately pointed this out to the server who said "yeah, things are.... You know" as she moved her hands around in the air.... I also asked her for a side of mayo and ketchup for my burger... She disappeared for a while and returned to ask me again what kind of fries i wanted.. I watched her then move about the restaurant making to separate trips to the kitchen window without getting my condiments as my burger kept getting colder... I of course didn't want to eat while my GF was still waiting on her food and sat there with nothing other than a growing disdain. The fancy dressed manager stopped to refill our glasses with pelegrino but made no comment of the lack of food for her or asked why i wasn't eating. He asked if we'd like another bottle of pelegrino and with contempt i told him that we were leaving... Then this guy actually says, "i understand." For real? It's really a shame because this place and it's menu appear to have something interesting going on... But right now this place is a joke. We then drove to smashburger and had a delicious, prompt, accurate, hot meal for $20.70... My GF asked for mayo and a knife and had it in 15 seconds...
3	Let me be one of the first to say the burgers were great ! but the absence of fountain drinks or free refills man that hurts. Being charged  2  dollars for 6oz coke. and 4 dollars for plain iced tea is not good. The cost of our drinks cost more than the food we ordered . PoshBurger more like Cash Burger
2	Save your dough not to mention time and go somewhere else. The place wasn't even a quarter full and we waited at least 30 minutes for our over cooked, over priced burgers. I'm chomping on some antacids as I write this cause my $40 burger is giving me indigestion, so sad.
4	The service was excellent. Very friendly waitress and manager.The food was very tasty as well. Started with the guac which easily landed in my top 3 guacs ever. The chips were served warm and crispy and whole(no crumbles or partial chips shows attention to detail). They didn't quite provide enough chips but were happy to bring us some extras when we asked. The next course came too quickly and was a the arugula salad. Very fresh ingredients and tasty. I think possibly the best crouton ever, goat cheese on top. I think there could've been a bit more of a punch (possibly some balsamic) involved in the whole salad. The veggie burger again came out too quick and kind of felt like they were trying to rush us through each course while I was sitting there savoring the flavors. I think it could've served them better to let the burgers sit under the warmer until I finished the salad. By the time I got to the burger it was cold-ish and I know the flavor would've been more appealing if it was warm. The brioche they served the burger on was fantastic and definitely the highlight of the dish. Their deserts were very rich. The fondant was great. I wish the brownie was a bit warm as it would've gone great with the ice cream it was served with. Another issue I had was I couldn't understand what occasion I would go there for. The seats were just a bit too far apart for a date. It was a bit pricier than a family place should be. It was still great overall with the decor, and they were still testing out the lighting so it changed halfway through our meal. Overall solid meal and some very tasty burgers/food
2	Where do I start with Poshburger...  Let's just say that it's been forever that I've written a review but the experience here tonight really warranted one.The food and service was excellent (4 stars).  The concept and menu in our Summerlin neighborhood really needs to be reworked (we're unlikely to return).We came with a party of 7 (4 adults + 3 kids).  The restaurant was 1/2 full at 7:30pm on a Wednesday night but we still had to wait 10 minutes for our table...even though we had reservations.  Not sure what the wait was for since all the tables were already set, but they still made us wait even though they really don't have waiting area.  We just stood by the front door while half the tables were empty.  The nice hostess seemed as uncomfortable as we were as she repeatedly apologized for not being able to seat us.  Once we sat down we found the service to be outstanding, but I personally have a problem with casual restaurants in our suburban neighborhood that don't offer a children's menu.  If we want fine dining without the kids, we can drive 10 minutes to the strip.  Most families that I know eat out in our neighborhood WITH the family.  That's what makes restaurants like Honey Salt so special...great food and great service while maintaining a family-friendly atmosphere.Our group started with the a couple orders each of the Buffalo Wings, Calamari, and Caesar Salad.  All were excellent.  The wings were cut into drummettes and were perfectly seasoned. They were served with a blue cheese dip that was delicious.  The salt and pepper calamari was also very tasty as was the salad.  The Caesar Salad came with this great deep fried and breaded egg that still had the runny yolk.  Wow!!!We had a Groupon that came with wine and a couple of the Designer Burgers.  The wine was good and we ended up buying a 2nd bottle.  We ordered a few Kobe Burgers which was really tasty, but for $29 the foie gras topping was too thin.  The sides were really good - skinny fries, fat fries, and onion rings.  I asked our server whether they offered a children's menu.  Our server said no, but he said that they offered all their burgers in smaller slider versions that came with a side.  I didn't ask for a price on this smaller version but figured that a children's version would be less than $10.  THE SLIDERS FOR MY 4 YEAR-OLD WAS $19!!!  LOL!!!  To make matters worse, they failed to bring his side of onion rings. What really irritates me is when a restaurant adds a gratuity BUT THE SERVER CONVENIENTLY DOESN'T MENTION IT WHEN DROPPING THE CHECK.  I'll typically tip between 20-25% but in this case didn't tip above the 18% that was already included because I always feel cheated when the server doesn't mention the auto-grat.  Too bad in this case because the service was really good. Our meal tonight for 4 adults and 3 kids was $370!!!  Gourmet burgers are dime-a-dozen in Vegas.  Bachi, Burger Bar, Holsteins Shakes and Buns... Based on my experience here tonight, I would choose In-and-Out or Five Guys over Poshburger.  Too bad because I was really hoping that we would enjoy this neighborhood joint.
5	Awesome meal! Salmon Rillette, seared Red Tuna, and the Lamb Burger were awesome! Everything was very tasty and simple not overwhelming tastes like some places! Our server Jo was attentive and knowledgeable had great suggestions for what we were looking for.
3	Pros: good wine, truffle aioli, vanilla panna cotta (even though it was more like panna pudding), friendly staff, ok burgers Cons: the Kobe burger was worth $10 not $30, the fries looked like they were from McDonald's but McDonald's fries taste better - you would think a place where every burger is $20 would have hand cut fresh fries not frozen, awkward picnic tables, overcooked venison burger, caesar salad that had 3 large lettuce leaves soaked in dressingThe manager said they will soon have a happy hour where everything on the menu is 30% off.  Maybe then I'll go back.
3	Reading all the reviews about this place, I was cautiously optimistic about our meal here. I purchased the Groupon for this location. I came with my fella and our friends for a nice evening out and thought it would be a great opportunity to share the bottle of wine. I made reservations and we arrived at 7 on the dot on Saturday evening for our dinner reservation. The table layouts weren't my favorite. Large bench seating where we ended up sharing a table with another couple. I would expect this at a lower end restaurant but when you're paying $30 for a burger, I was kind of hoping for a table on our own. Every move the couple next to us made or word they spoke, I heard or felt it and it became a little annoying as the evening wore on. That being said, I did enjoy our meal quite a bit, despite the same problems everyone else seems to have had with getting a medium or medium-rare burger. Both my friend and myself ordered the kobe and he specifically asked for medium-rare while I asked for medium and they both came out looking exactly the same. Cooked all the way through with no pink in the middle. I can't complain too much since the burger was still extremely moist and flavorful. My other friend ordered the angus and it accidentally came out with cheese on it even though she didn't order it that way. We told the waiter and he apologized and took it back. He brought back her burger with no cheese on it but she noticed that they had just scraped the cheese off instead of making her a new burger. She wasn't too annoyed but it didn't sit well with any of us. The fries and onion rings we ordered were nothing special. They lacked flavor and texture. They definitely could use more seasoning. For dessert my fella and I shared the mango cheesecake which was served in a glass. The flavor was great. The brownie dessert my friends shared didn't impress them too much, but I didn't get to taste that so can't comment on it.The service was friendly and attentive. On a few occasions, the waiter forgot to get us some extra napkins and refills on water, but overall the service was good. I don't see myself going out of my way to come back, but we did have a good meal and would love to come back if they offered another coupon. If I had not had the Groupon our meal would have been well over $160 for three burgers, a side of fries, a side of onion rings, an order of buffalo wings, a bottle of wine and two desserts. Overall, we had a nice meal with a few minor blips.
1	I went with the star of the menu, the kobe burger with a brioche bun, truffle aioli, seared foie gras, frizzled onion, watercress cherry tomatoes and a fried quail egg. Despite all those toppings, I was brought out a burger that was completely flavorless and sadly disappointing. The meat on its own had no seasoning at all, and was just lost in the burger. The patty was not formed well for the size of the bun, and was way too narrow and thick. It was also quite dry, despite the mess of grease that formed on my plate early on. Or maybe that's where all the moisture went? It was also cooked more than the medium rare that I ordered, which I heard many times prior to my meal that this is a consistent problem here. The brioche bun was also dry, and actually cold to the touch when brought out. The foie gras was non-existent except for maybe one or two bites, and the quail egg wasn't noticed at any point. The cherry tomatoes were the only stand out flavor, and it was a travesty when my girlfriend accidentally dropped one when I handed her my burger to sample its dryness. I'm not quite sure what the frizzled onion is, as they weren't noticeable either. The fries were even more horrible; raw, soggy, and cold with the taste of raw potatoes. The fat fries were actually fairly hot upon arrival, and even cooked a bit more than our skinny fries, but still not nearly enough to make them edible. The skinny fries with parmesan were literally just fries with a huge clump of shredded parmesan piled on. Also, neither accompanying aioli was brought out initially, only a small cup of ketchup. We had to ask for the items that are supposed to come with the fries, this is an issue I also saw a couple times in their comment book that was handed to us with the bill. The garlic aioli (a redundant statement) tasted more like ranch than anything, the truffle aioli was decent enough to mask the raw potato flavor but still wasn't that great.If this meal couldn't get any worse, let me tell you about our Groupon deal which is a total scheme on the part of the restaurant. The deal is $49 for supposedly $100 worth of food, and includes two burgers with sides, one shared dessert and one bottle of wine. Once our meal was done and my Groupon was scanned, we were still brought a check for $25.84 which was instantly confusing. On the check they list a $99 (not $100) Groupon meal, sales tax for the full $99 amount and an 18% (!!!) gratuity bringing the total to $124.84. They then subtract $99 for the value of the Groupon (not $100), and expect $25.84 from you to complete the meal. First of all, after doing some research I have found some specific tax laws about this such as: "if a restaurant offers a patron, upon presentation of a coupon, two meals for the usual price of one, the price of the free meal is excluded from the meal's tax. The tax is due on only the actual amount the restaurant charges the patron." Meaning that they've charged me more tax than they're legally allowed to! Second of all, I have no problem tipping my waiter on the entire value of our meal as opposed to the Groupon price, but forcing me to pay 18% minimum for two people regardless of my experience is absolutely absurd. A gratuity is 100% optional with all meals; sure it would be a total dick move not to tip a waiter, especially if they've been great, but for this to be a mandatory portion of my bill is absolutely infuriating. So without any choice of my own, my $49 Groupon by default is $74.84, or a clever way for the restaurant to get another $25 out of each Groupon deal. And who knows how much of that 18% actually went to my waiter.With all that being said, how do I even sum this up? Forgetting about the Groupon for a minute, if I had paid the full price of $100 for this meal I would have been so horribly disappointed that I would not have walked out of there until both of our burgers and fries were replaced with absolutely perfect versions of what we ordered, if this is possible of achieving.  If we had paid just the $49 plus a tip that I deemed appropriate I would still be completely disappointed with this meal as such a claimed gourmet restaurant should be spot on every time, and this clearly wasn't. But now factor in some questionable charges on my bill and you have all the ingredients for a very low score. Horribly overpriced, overcooked, inconsistent burgers, and almost raw, inedible fries served without their proper sides leave me with no choice but to give this an extremely low score and my highest recommendation to stay as far away as you can from this place until they can maybe get their act together. If you're looking for a good night out in Summerlin with some fun food, better atmosphere, and one of the best burgers I've had in Vegas, go to View Wine Bar down the street.
2	like others here, we were coerced in with the $99 groupon.  we ordered the kobe and tuna burgers.the food was good.  not great.  just good.the cabernet wine was excellent.i ordered an apple-lime juice.  like many things here, it was pricey at $4 and the portion was on the smallish side, but that didn't keep it from being spectacular -- easily best thing of the night.but those aren't my problems with poshburger ... but these are:1. the groupon REQUIRED a reservation.  when i made it, i had to give my name four times.  i spelled it slowly and completely twice.  i had the guy read it back to me.  when we went it, at 18:00, they had no reservation on record.2. from the moment we sat down, until we walked back out the door, was TWO AND A HALF HOURS.  the company was good, so we just talked and talked and talked.  but this doesn't even qualify as slow.  it's glacial.  being short two servers is not my problem, it's the restaurant's problem -- they need to solve it.3. we were there during witching hour.  during the exact time of the year that we were there the sun goes directly into the restaurant.  there's no shade or screen or overhang.  the day we were there was perfectly clear and the light was laser beam searing.  EVERY customer in the restaurant was wearing sunglasses.  not having the sun screened is not my problem, it's the restaurant's problem -- they need to solve it.4. 18% gratuity was automatically added to the bill POST TAX.  ignoring the fact that we essentially didn't have any service of quality, this is completely and totally incorrect.  tip ("to insure promptness") is calculated BEFORE tax, not after.  you don't pay your servers extra because any given government is taking more out of your pocket.  [we DID pay the 18%, but made it a point to stop and tell the management that our service was abysmally slow as we left -- of course we had to spend several minutes tracking someone down.]5. they act a little bit snooty here -- certainly without service reason -- so i add this solely as a kicker, not that i actually think it means anything ... when we sat at the table, there were new/unlit candles in front of us.  the floor manager was being uppity about the wine so i pointed out that unlit candles are actually an etiquette faux pas ... they should have burned before set on the table.  "who says that?  i've never heard that!"  "the same people who say it's polite to say 'please' and 'thank you.'"  (i've heard that it actually goes back to victorian times when some people had electricity and others didn't ... you burned wicks so you weren't putting your electric usage in other people's face.)i won't be back.  as i write this review, i realize i'm sorry that i didn't challenge the tacked-on service fee.  my experience was probably worse than the average client's, but my advice is to be very suspicious of any 5* reviews here.
5	Amazing!!!! Must try the wild boar!!! Service was great!! Great selection of craft beers and boutique wines!!!  I work next door at Suite One Salon and ALL my clients and coworkers have had great times and even better food!!!   Liz Adams
4	Great burgers. i recommend trying the chefs burgers and not changing a thing.  Wild boar is fantastic. Groupon has a great deal. Check it out!
5	First off let me start off by saying the other bad reviewers for this joint clearly do not understand a good burger as they are probably used to living off McDonald's and have developed a taste for crap. This place was great, we purchased a groupon and man I'm so glad I didn't trust the bad reviews! Kobe and the wild boar burgers were amazing! The house chosen cab was great too, good choice Mark! To finish we had an apple cobbler, was good but didn't compete with the juicy burger I engulfed before. Ambiance wasn't the best, however, they are still new and more changes are coming. We will hands down return.
3	The burgers sound so good on the menu, but are only executed at an OK - good level.I bought a Groupon here when they still had a 4 star rating on Yelp.  I am with the Yelpers since that have lowered the score.  Even for the Groupon price the meal was a little underwhelming...If I had paid full price?...yikes 2 or 2.5 stars at best.  I settled on three here since I used the Groupon and just saw another round of Groupons.When I order a burger from a self-acclaimed gourmet burger establishment they need to nail the cooking temp...meadium-rare is not the same thing as medium.  Simply put, get it right!  I order the Posh Kobe Burger.  The burger comes with foie gras and a pair of fried quail eggs.  These are nice toppings and done well.  The patty itself though was less than average as any kind of grass-fed kobe patty goes.I also tried the venison burger.  This burger was not exceptionally balanced with its toppings and as a result was on the sweet side.  I like the idea of a cranberry relish, bearnaise sauce, and roasted red peppers with venison...a little sweetness plays wonderfully.  It was just too sweet and wasn't  in harmony.The Crushed Potatoes are a solid side with great flavor, though perhaps not technically "crushed potatoes."  That being said one of the best thing I ate here was the Caesar Salad.  They do a great homemade Caesar dressing here.  It was applied a little too generously for my liking however.  We finished our meal off with the some Pistachio Ice Cream atop a Bitter-Chocolate Cake.  The Ice Cream was tasty and the cake was fine, but nothing I'm running back for.The bottom line is that there are better burgers in town at the same price...and the execution at Posh Burger Bistro is a little off on top of that.If I came back I would try the Wild Boar Burger!
4	After reading the previous reviews, and having already purchased the Groupon ($50: 2 burgers, bottle of wine, 2 sides and 1 dessert). I set my expectations to what I read on Yelp, a lack of continuity and commitment to food and service. I was pleasantly surprised that from the moment we walked in, the wait staff strove to welcome us. Seating was not typical... 3 rows of 3 tables/benches that sat 8... communal style in an industrial feel decor. We went at 5:30 with a reservation and were seated immediately and no one else was at our table. Our waiter Oscar, was outstanding, informing us of the items he tried and chatting comfortably, refilling our drinks and checking back with us on a regular basis.Now to the food- my Angus burger was done perfectly, hot and tasty on a brioche bun with racelette, red pepper and arugula. I ordered the smashed potatoes and was impressed with the crispy outside and soft inside, sprinkled with cayenne pepper, olive oil and thyme and served piping hot (and enough to share). The bottle of wine included was a nice cab, very drinkable and table worthy. My husbands Kobe burger was a plethora of flavors: foie gras, quail egg, tomato and arugula. He enjoyed it thoroughly with his fat fries!Last course was a anise laced brownie topped with a dollop of peanut butter ice cream with a sweet/salty twist. Here's my dilemma... with the Groupon, the meal was fab. If you were to ask me to spend $100 on burgers sitting on a bench, I have to think about it. I gave it 4 stars for my experience this evening and the Groupon pricing.
1	This is a must not burger joint unless you want to overpay for a burger.   My family and I sat down at a picnic table, albeit a fancy one, which was already occupied by another family.  This didn't bother me as much as my first glance at the menu.  When I saw the regular burger was $10 plain then $2 additional for each item, including that of ketchup I couldn't take it any longer and walked out.  Unfortunately my wife just ordered a glass of wine and the calamari so she and my daughter stuck around.  We came separately to the restaurant so leaving was not a big deal.  I was later told the calamari was horrible.  She did say however that the wine was good.  Hence the reason for the one star.All I have to say is what is this owner thinking?  Yes you are in Summerlin, but if you do not make changes soon you won't be here much longer.
2	Well, I would like to first start off by saying that I am in the industry. That being said, I understand that when you open a new concept, it takes some time to "work out the kinks". So I get it. What I don't get is, how does a great concept fall so short for me after the "kinks" should have worked their way out. Maybe because it was fight-night (Mayweather) tonight... so maybe they sent staff home to save labor. But when we walked in, there was only two tables in the entire restaurant. A 2 and a 3 top. I walked up to the kitchen pass (nice open kitchen pass) to see how the kitchen was set up. Small but I am sure it does the job. So lets get seated.... server was running the lines as if he was a robot verbatim- I would think, with the concept, that he would talk about the chef, or concept in general... nope. Just "todays specials are... etc...". We ordered the elk sliders to start ($24). And quickly put in our entrees too. Venison burger (medium) and turkey burger. After about a 30 minute wait, the server came to the table and said "sorry but the kitchen is taking a long time tonight...". I will say, looking into the kitchen, yes they moved extremely sluggish. Regardless, the food came out shortly after. But not before I saw my server eating a fallen french fry that fell off and onto the plate. Eating fries at the pass. In an open kitchen?! Really? My biggest fuss about the food was that none of the burgers were seasoned. At all. I asked for salt to continue eating. So plain. Definitely not the "best burger" in town. So 2 guests. 1 appetizer, 2 burgers- $75. I will come back to give it another chance but not anytime soon. They need to work on their guest service standards, and show the cooks a seasoning procedure.
4	We use our groupon tonight! So good, service, food, drinks, dessert. It won't be our neighborhood "hey lets get a burger at posh!" But we'll probably take friends from out of town there to try it.
5	I am always delighted when I'm out-and-about and I spot a new restaurant, I spend the next few days trying to find an excuse to drag someone with me to check it out. When I first noticed Poshburger, I only caught a glimpse out of the corner of my eye, just enough to see it was a burger joint. A few days later I contacted my burger-loving buddy and we headed out to give it a try.The restaurant itself is oddly arranged, feeling more like a church lunchroom than a burger joint (albeit a classy burger joint). The tables are all 8 toppers, so come prepared to make a new friend, plus they have a bar, which suited the two of us just fine.The bartender was a pleasant mix of delightful and terrified, after all he was a little wet behind the ears. Though I was thoroughly impressed with his singular focus when asked for a recommendation (too many servers approach recommendations with the confidence of a lemming), to which he unabashedly replied "The wild boar burger, definitely."My buddy decided to order a simple make-it-yourself cheeseburger, claiming it's the only true way to judge a burger joint. I of course, went with our young barman's confident recommendation, because I believe the best way to judge any restaurant is to let the chef blow you away with their signature dish - mine also came with an order of fries (but I'll get to that later).One thing you should know about me, I always like cheese, ketchup and mustard on my burgers. I will add other ingredients from time to time, but those three are a staple. The wild boar burger (chef special) came with no cheese, ketchup or mustard, but I didn't even notice these were missing until I was almost finished - and I didn't even miss 'em. The burger was incredibly juicy, leaving a savory pool on the plate and I dipped into it like an au jus until there was not a drop left. I did feel it could it have used a bit more seasoning, so I added some salt about half-way through which made it even tastier (note to self: add salt right away next time). Though it was wild, it lacked any of that wild taste that usually accompanies boar. All-in-all, it was probably the first burger without my three staples I ever truly enjoyed.Now for the fries. Being a good Yelper (please Misty, I'm trying to be a good Yelper  ) we read a few reviews as we waited for our meals (and a check-in which I am usually reluctant to do anytime). From these we learned that the fries have been a point of contention with some of the other Yelpers, mostly that they still taste frozen. When they arrived I had to agree, although I can't say that the advance notice didn't taint my perception a bit. For whatever reason (probably my big mouth), we were suddenly sent out another order of fries with no explanation. Of course, after one bite of this new batch I was baffled, they actually tasted great, I mean really, really good. It was the manager that informed us later that the chef had hand-cut a batch just for us, based, I'm guessing, on my comments. Turns out they were trying to see if we would notice the difference - boy did we. In my opinion, Poshburger is a refreshing, fabulous new concept that I am proudly giving the full five stars. --- Just don't be afraid to ask for hand-cut fries, you'll thank me.
1	Soggy bun, Overcooked patty, Frozen fries, Terrible service.  This was probably the worst lunch I've ever had.  Seriously you can get a better burger at McDonalds.
1	Ugh, this was really bad. Terrible service that took way too long for our order to be taken when there were only 3 parties, 2 servers, and a manager in the front of house.Food was as bad, actually worse when you factor in the price. My burger came with onion rings...4 of them. They were the frozen ones you'd expect at any chain restaurant and inexplicably they came out 5 mins before the burger.I tried the lamb burger. It was supposed to be medium but was well done. I cut it in half and the next thing I know my plate was swimming in water, the untoasted potato bun was soggy and limp, and the burger was dry. Toppings on the burger were feta and guacamole. I must have missed the guacamole when I saw it on the menu otherwise I wouldn't have ordered it. I love guacamole but it has no place on a lamb burger mixed in with feta cheese.Definitely not going back, especially since 2 minutes in either direction I can be at LBS, Bachi Burger, or Smashburger.
1	Poor excuse for food
2	Well its been a month since I've been here.  I figured Poshburger would've read reviews and fixed things.  After all, the owner is a Michelin-Star recipient...right???  That's all that I've read in all their PR.I was REALLY hoping that the 2nd time around would result in a 5-star rating!!!! Well, the two stars is basically based on great service from our server Sandra.  A very pretty Austrian gal who was the perfect blend of attentive-but-give-you-room-to-breathe server.I came with a buddy and we each ordered the Kobe.  This was my 2nd time trying this burger.  This time the foie gras was healthy-sized and it came to our table very attractively.  The couple to the next of us (uncomfortable due to the picnic tables) gawked at our burgers.  It looked great!!!Unfortunately, the burgers...again....came over-cooked.  I cut my burger in half and started eating.  I finished half of my burger when Sandra came around and checked on us.  I asked her whether my other half looked Medium-Rare and she said absolutely not.  She asked if I wanted a new burger and I said no....even thought the burger was very dry.  She asked again but I honestly didn't want to wait.  I did, however, appreciate her sincere concern.  Plus she was so pretty when she asked.  Haha.The bun was so big in relation to the burger that I just removed the top bun.  My plate ended up as a big mess of overcooked burger and thick bread.  Sandra wasn't even sure whether my plate was ready to be cleared.I ordered the onion rings as a side  which was horrible.  Note to Michelin-Star chef...If you put onion rings inside a cone container, the rings will continue to cook in the steam and get soggy and the breading will fall off the onions!!!!  Any other decent restaurant that I've enjoyed good onion rings understands this and serves them open to allow the batter to adhere to the onions.  Rocket science???  Poor understanding of Cooking 101???  Or an "I don't give a shit" attitude that's apparent in every other aspect of this restaurant??? The restaurant was not very busy and I would be very surprised to see Posh remain open for long.  On a side note...I personally would've comped something for the admittedly overcooked burger.  A glass of wine.  A dessert.  A side.  Something!!!  The owner was there in the kitchen.  He clearly doesn't give a rat's ass.The best description I have for this place is: CONFUSED.  - We are high end and we will charge $29 per burger but we will have casual picnic tables for you party.- We will operate in a Smith's Grocery Strip Mall in a suburban neighborhood full of families but we will remain dimly lit and without a family-friendly atmosphere.I will never return to Poshburger.  There are way too many good burger options in Vegas.  I really wish Gordon Ramsay could walk into this restaurant and give his 2-cents.  He would drop F-Bombs left and right because the owner is clearly blind to their actual clientele.  And if Gordon Ramsay saw the overcooked "medium rare" Kobe burger that I was delivered, he would throw it in the owner's face and say "Aw c'mon you wanker, how can a fucking Michelin-Star chef burn a good piece of meat like this.  Especially when there are only 10 other customers in the restaurant!!!!"Good luck to anybody else who dares to waste their money at Poshburger,
1	This restaurant may be the single worst run restaurant I have ever encountered.  Due to the circumstances of our "reservation", we were unable to dine at the restaurant.  The Groupon is a total scam and makes it virtually impossible to dine here...Firstly, let me explain that we attempted to dine here on 3 separate occasions.  We had the Groupon that had been offered online and thus mentioned it when attempting to make a reservation.  We were initially told that they were at their "Groupon maximum" for that evening and would be unable to take our reservation.Later in the week we contacted them again to make a reservation ahead of time for the following evening.  When we called we were told by a gentleman that we didn't need a reservation for the Groupon and could dine at any time.  When we attempted to still put our names down, they instructed us to "not worry about it". The following day we decided we would be better off trying to make a reservation, so we called yet again.  A gentleman answered the phone and we set a reservation with him for 7:30 that evening, mentioning our Groupon during the reservation process.Now this is when it all came off the rails...  That night we arrived promptly at 7:25 for our scheduled reservation to an almost empty restaurant.  We approached the hostess to check in, but were told that there was no reservation on the books and that the Groupon was not being honored due to the fact that the wine for the offer was unavailable.  She said she could still seat us, but we only had the option to either dine at full price or get the food associated with the Groupon and come back to get our wine on Tuesday!!!  I was appalled.  They would not make a substitution or exception based on their numerous errors. I asked to speak to the manager and was instructed that there was no manager, just an owner, and he was unavailable that evening.  I have worked in restaurants/hospitality for many years and have never experienced such a thing.  There were only three tables seated (an almost empty restaurant) yet out of 5 servers, 2 bartenders, and a hostess, no one on staff had the authority to actually address an issue that had arisen.  How do you expect to run a restaurant with no one with any authority?!?!?  We left upset and hungry and went to eat somewhere else...Funny thing is that we apparently are not the only people to run into horrendous issues.  A search online regarding PoshBurger and the Groupon revealed that this is just one of many horrible experiences, which include inflated tax and gratuity on the bill, terrible food, and horrible service.  In hindsight, I have never been so happy to NOT have dined at a restaurant.  Stay far away from this establishment and do not support their ownership (if you can even find the restaurant in the first place).  They apparently don't pay employees, jack up prices, and don't honor their own promotions...
4	Walked in with no reservation. Seated right away. The manager is the one who served us. Very friendly and helped explain some of the menu items that I didn't know. He helped us pick a wine and checked on us often. When we chose our meals, he made sure we knew about the temperatures for our meat choices and was very informative. The food was awesome. I can't remember having a better wild boar. The skinny fries were good and the calamari was good. The place had a few patrons with people arriving to pick up to go orders. The prices where good. All in all I enjoyed my visit and I think I will be returning this weekend.Also reading the other reviews, I saw that they appear to be from ex-employees. I realy enjoyed the place, food was great, wine was great. They even allowed us to taste it before we purchased (We are not wine people).
3	Burgers, fries, desserts-all very good.  Don't like the picnic table family style seating.  Very uncomfortable and don't appreciate the thought of having to share a table with people we don't know.  Management needs to break down some of the tables to 4 tops.  Also, get some chairs.  The benches are hard and uncomfortable.  When you offer wine, beer and desserts, you should expect your clients will stay for awhile and need to be comfortable.  We expressed these concerns to Mr. Gallagher.  We will see if he makes some changes.
1	I was greeted by a protesting employee that did not get paid when I went to posh burger.  She begged me not to go inside but I was hungry. While waiting for my food the (obviously drunk) chef was making his rounds so I asked him about the unpaid girl. He immediately went into a tirade calling her every name in the book lazy, retarded even the C word (c@&t) which at that point I got up and left without eating. I stayed out front and helped the girl for 15 mins warning customers not to eat here. I hope this place goes under and the owner gets arrested or worse!
3	It was pretty good. I can't say anything bad about the place. Good service.
3	I bought lunch for the office here today. We ordered three Angus burgers and one Turkey burger. Everyone agreed it was one of the best burgers they ever had and we all recommend the skinny fries with garlic sauce to you. The kitchen is open and those guys look like they really care and work hard. The atmosphere is really cool, trendy and just a little stuck up, but the staff were friendly enough to over come that. So I love the place and I love the staff and I love the food, why only a three star when this owner is Michelin rated? At $25 a meal it should be incredible and it was ok and over priced. I asked for medium rare, they questioned me about the pink, I said I prefer the redder side, closer to rare than medium rare. All the burgers came out medium. No pink. Come on guys, I want to rate this place five stars, but at these prices you need to knock 50% off the price. Or step it up. (ps, the fries were soggy, tasted amazing, but needed a crisp to be worth it). Like the staff at the Weekly, I want to love this place so bad, maybe in a month or two, huh? And the one star groupon reviews? Those people are smoking crack. Nobody who uses living social or groupon deserves food this good, those reviewers seriously need to step up their game, too. I left a 20% tip, so should you.
1	On a Friday evening, got up and left after ordering drinks. Credit card machine wasn't working, and the server asked how were we paying because they could not accept credit. This was alright, but then after ordering they were out of the thick cut fries we had ordered, and before that they were out of the tuna. When I go out to eat the reason is because I want to get what I want, and I am willing to pay for that experience, and service. I don't want to have to settle. There are too many good places in Vegas to go. Also,  saw one of the cooks eating while standing around in the kitchen. Got a real bad vibe about this place. Don't waste your time. After leaving went to LBS burger at red rock, and had a phenomenal meal. If this place survives another 3 months, ill be surprised.
2	This was probably the worst experience I've ever had. The food was sub par not anything I would eat again. Had a groupon for the slider sampler. All the burgers were plain with tomato and onion, not even a sauce on them. I don't know about you but groupon is a way to try a new place for the first time. Well.....it's also my last. Thank god for  our server Joe, he was the only thing good about the place. The other server, I believe his name was Sam, any way the bald dude was an ass. He brought over our burgers and was the rudest piece of crap I ever met. Asked who had the lamb, dropped them down and didn't ever tell us what the 3 different burger were. When I asked my waiter and he asked him what order they were in he snapped that that was the one with the lamb. Our waiter kept his cool. I wouldn't have especially when it was in front of a customer. Trust me if you do check the place out, if you see the bald waiter...RUN. By the way, the two of us that visited....one chef and one server. First impressions mean everything!!!!
5	Truly a one-of-a-kind burger restaurant.I have eaten at PoshBurger Bistro on 4 separate occasions and with thanks to Chef Conrad and the American Wild Boar - I freaking love the Wild Boar burger.A suggestion is to add a quail egg to your burger - it adds some milky goodness.But frankly I've been here with a different person every time and everyone has always left happy.The guac is a good appetizer, but the buffalo wings are some of the very best around.  The thing I like best about the wings is how he trims the bottoms of the little drumsticks - you just have to try them!!!Kobe burgers good, osterich - I haven't tried, but I hear it's amazing.I think some people go here to find a Burger Joint like the cafe in Back to the Future - some of the reviews I read make me think this - It is an excellent restaurant to the Burger connoisseur.My father and uncle own Burger Kings - this is clearly the opposite end of the burger spectrum.You will never forget your first time at PoshBurger!I have a lunch meeting there tomorrow and will count the hours till then!
1	the only good thing on the menu was the wings. Didn't have half the beer listed.  Got the KOBE burger, ordered  it Mid rare.. Twice came out rare-raw.  Frozen fries that were undercooked.   Don't waste your time. The service was good though.
1	Giving one star is one star too many. What a horrible place. Food was ok but clearly over priced. Walked in and sat at long bench table which was very uncomfortable. Observed either owners kids or chefs kids running in and out of kitchen area while food was being prepared. Pretty sure that is a health code violation. Went to pay for dinner and was told the credit/debit machine was not working. The waiter told me that I could pay next time I come in....really with that type of service you think I'm coming back. Not a chance. Clearly should have read what others had posted here before attempting this place.  Zero atmosphere.....considering glass advertisement said "hip cool waiters". Guess they all quit! STAY AWAY!!!!!
1	We thought we would give this place a try since we bought the Groupon.  After hearing how the owner was a Michelin-Star recipient.  But he did not live up that at all.  The food was over priced and the burger was very dry.  We will never go back!!!
1	CLOSED!http://www.eatinglv.com/2013/07/poshburger-closes/
5	Amazing service and food! I dont know what all these people are talking about with bad service and poor reviews...  We came in at 830 Friday night, were greeted immediately by both servers and sat at one of the tables. Tony was our server- very knowledgable and attentive! We started with the salt and pepper calamari and a bottle of 2008 vibtage Palazzo red wine. Great start. The calamari was flavorful and had the perfect thin coat of breading. I ordered the kobe burger- wow- foie gras, quail egg, did I say wow? We also ordered the lamb burger- amazing- what a great combination of Mediterranean flavors and wow, it was moist and juicy! We  finished off with the summer berry cobbler- it consisted of strawberries, raspberries and blueberries. Great combo. After the meal the chef came out and asked what we thought. It was a great dinner. Upscale bistro. Not overpriced as these are not cheap meats to work with. We both enjoyed the experience and food. I hope it stays around for a long time.
