3	Things I would rather do than deal with car issues: * Have my teeth removed without novicane * Have Helen Keller drive me around town * Be forced to watch Jennifer Love Hewitt in The Ghost WhispererYou get the picture.I drop off my car with a flat tire at Firestone. I explain to a very friendly Timothy that I want it replaced as cheaply as possible. I want to sell or trade it soon. I live very close to work and put only 20 or so miles on my car a week. So, let's not make a big production out ofi it. Timothy. I get a call at work later. From Timothy. I swear he pulled it right out the cliche jar as he says, "I've got good news and bad news." Well, who would thunk there'd be more bad news from a mechanic. Wait. I'm in shock. I must sit down. Pahhhleeze! After explaining to me how tires are based on some complex ass point system and the lowest is zero, "...and all four of your tires are at zero."Hmmm....really Timothy? All four? Wait. I need my shock blanket from the first aid kit. Please, somebody put a block of wood in my mouth as I may have a seizure. "It's gonna run you around $800". No Timothy. Nothing's gonna run around $800. My therapy bill maybe. But you ain't getting squat from me mister mechanic man! "Well, I could put on the spare for ya." Long pause from me. Really? Now we're talking. Put on the spare. Timothy. I pick up my car and the spare didn't remotely look like a skinny bike tire as I feared. I'll say this, for all the crap this BMW has put me through. Nice spare tire! And no charge. From Timothy.
4	I know my way around a car store like I know my way around a vag...er, um, wait. Have I used this line before? Anyhoo, YAY for Firestone and for keeping track of my battery purchase. My mechanic misplaced the receipt but it doesn't matter cuz I"m in the system! I'm somebody! I get my free under warranty battery today and a chiseled, tattooed person to install it for me. No money outta my wallet. And no grease on my delicate skin.
5	I was not expecting to give them an A, but nothing went wrong!  They had a special for an oil change and tire rotation (it ended up being a bit less than $20 including tax and shop fees).  I asked them to rotate the tires according to my owner's manual & I gave them the diagram.  I had marked the tires before going, and I verified that they actually did rotate them the way I had asked.  I assume they used the correct oil for my car, as the type of oil was noted on the receipt.  When I got home,  I looked under the car to make sure they changed the oil filter, and they did. The oil level was also where it should be.Usually when a shop advertises an oil change & rotation with such a low price, it's to get you in the door to sell you other repairs you might need.  They didn't even mention anything else... I just paid & left. Not surprising, since my car only has 23,000 miles on it.He said the car would be ready in 2 hours.  I walked across the street to Staples & then to Safeway, and when I got back (in about an hour) the car was ready, and parked in the shaded parking spots!I don't give out an "A" rating often, but can't find any faults with this place (darn it!).
2	Having now been to Firestone's Tempe location (see review), I have had more than my fill of this one.  Snarly and impatient service and you have to haggle with them from time to time.  When I got a flat tire a week after having four brand new tires installed in Tempe (who did a great job), these guys made me fight to get it taken care of.  If it weren't for not wanting to drive on the spare, I'd have to gone to Tempe and imagine things would have gone much easier.Mind you, these were the guys who, according to my old mechanic, allegedly didn't re-seal something or other when changing my oil, causing a major malfunction.  I'm not a mechanic, so I can't say whether that's true or not, but it's the reason I get my oil changed only at the dealer now.
5	These guys are the best! I came in with a dead battery, they realized my urgency (was on lunch beak and needed to get back to the office) and they had my truck done in 15 minutes. AND they gave me a discount since I work around the corner. Go out of your way to use this Firestone store!
1	My car's engine light came on and the idle became extremely rough.  My girlfriend had her car repaired at this Firestone location back in March.  They had replaced the car's computer for her as well as a full engine tune-up.  It wasn't cheap, but her car was running when it left Firestone.So, why not?  I dropped my vehicle off on a Saturday.  I told them the issue with it.  They informed me it would cost $100 to plug the computer in and get the diagnostic codes for the check engine light.  I also asked if they could take a look at the front end as the right tire was making a grinding sound when turning.  After not hearing anything the next day, I called up and spoke with some Sour Puss.  He sounded like he would rather be somewhere else.  His first words to me were, "I don't know how much you want to put into this car, but it needs a lot of work.""Really?  How much?"  Sour Puss sighs and acts like he can't be bothered.  "The parts store is closed today.  I can't get you a quote until probably Monday."Fine.  Monday arrives, I call back and he tells me it's going to cost $3000 for everything that needs to be fixed.  I tell him that I can't get everything done, but what if he just circled the parts that would get the car running and fax it over to me?Hours later, I get a fax.  It's laughable.  For the engine, they're claiming that it's a leaking valve cover gasket and my plugs and wires are soaked with oil.  They stated that the engine codes came back and IMPLICITLY indicated that this was the problem.   For this specific repair, parts and labor would be about $700.  They also claimed that the CV axle was broken and this is what was causing the grinding sound.  That would be an additional $350 or so to fix.I picked up my car and paid $120 for what amounted to a bum diagnostic.  They claimed that they did a computer diagnostic on it, but I never received the print out nor any paperwork of any kind showing the codes.  I asked around and a co-worker told me of another place to take my car that did reliable work (check my other reviews.)I took my car to this other shop that my co-worker recommended.  Believing that Firestone was correct in their diagnostic, I asked to have the plugs, wires and valve cover gasket replaced.  They quoted me a little over half of what Firestone quoted me (about $400).  Much to my amazement, they called me back a little later and asked me why I wanted to replace the valve cover gasket.  "It's not leaking.  There's a little beep of seepage, but this is not the problem."They ran a new diagnostic and found that the throttle body was missing a part.  They were able to locate a replacement part from salvage.  They were also able to accurately diagnose the wheel grinding.  It turns out that the wheel hub was actually bent (I had bought the car used and a previous owner had apparently smacked a curb with it).  Furthermore, when my car was fixed and returned (for several hundred less than what Firestone quoted), I was given an invoice that showed all of the diagnostic codes.Firestone never mentioned replacing the throttle body.  They did mention that the wheel was bent, but didn't say anything about replacing it.   Oh, but they did recommend that I get new set of front tires to replace the ones that were barely over a year old with less than 20K miles on them.  I'm sure they would have recommended a change of "blinker fluid" had they thought they could get away with it.TL;DR:  Firestone charged me $120 to misdiagnose my vehicle.  They were rude, dismissive and had I actually paid for the repairs they recommended, my car would still not be running and I would have had to pay more to replace the part that was actually bad.  I wouldn't trust these guys to change my wiper fluid.  They will not be getting any future business from me.
5	These guys were very helpful and professional.  I had bought a Interstate battery last summer in Santa Cruz  and my VW inspection said it was done.  Of course, VW wanted me to pay 200 for a new one, but thankfully Firestone carries the brand and just have to pay the 15 for a replacement.  Not only that, the manager was kind enough to give me change for a water.  I don't meet many people like that!  Thanks again!
5	I had my oil changed, tires rotated and a bulb replaced in one of my tail lights this morning. Tim, the GM was great to work with. He was very friendly and provided great customer service. I will be returning for the foreseeable future with both vehicles for repairs, maintenance, etc.
5	They are right down the street from my house and when I had a check engine light come on they were able to repair everything the same day.  I could go on and give boring details, but it basically boils down to the fact that they are friendly and efficient!
5	Ryan was very helpful, definitely coming back. Great and convenient service!
5	Kudos to Ryan & Adam!  Above and beyond customer service!  Quality stuff!  Thank you from my PT Cruiser and I !!
5	When the first location we went to was too busy, this location took me in. They have great customer service and were very helpful. I was surprised when I found that the tire repair I came in for was free! Great place with better staff! Thanks guys!!
1	These guys here aren't friendly. Customer service is truly lacking. They also tried to up sell me, which is to be expected but weren't upfront with the cost of things. I got an oil change and a tire rotation, out the door, $55 bucks. Aren't tire rotations supposed to be free? When I went to pick up my car there was a girl next to me arguing with one of the technicians saying that they caused more damage to her car than when she first brought it in and was visibly upset and demanding a refund. Will not be returning.  Beware of this place.
5	Adam gives a great costumer service. I like this place because is convenient and for its service. I got my spare tire stolen (be aware there is a high demand of aluminum)  of my jeep and came to buy a tire for my used wheel, Santana gave me a set of lock nobs that he had around. This was beyond of what I expected (they sorry for me). Thanks guys!! You had my back!
2	Again I rarely write reviews on any website but after this experience I thought a review was in order. I was in need of tires yesterday and after a call to Discount Tire, being given high prices on tire brands I had never heard of before, I went to Firestone on Osborn in Phoenix. After going over several tires available, we agreed on the Firestone Affinity Touring tire and the out the door sale price - all much less than Discount Tire for Non-Name Brand tires. The reason I am really writing this review is to warn anyone that is buying tires from a Firestone or much less any other tire shop-  LOOK AT THE SIDE WALL OF THE TIRE WHEN YOU GET THE CAR BACK TO MAKE SURE THE TIRE ON THE INVOICE THAT YOU PURCHASED IS THE SAME AS WHATS ON THE CAR.  I got home after a hot Phoenix afternoon at the Firestone and didn't look at my car till this morning when I was leaving for the day and noticed that the side wall of the tire looked different than the display and saw the words Firestone Fr710 on the sidewall - I googled and found out that the Firestone Fr710 was a much less desirable and lesser warranted tire- not the tires that I was supposed to get.  Now I called the Firestone shop and they apologized and I went back and they put the proper tires on and we will chock this up to an honest mistake that was corrected without a problem, but a warning for the future to anyone else buying tires. Match the work order to the tires on the car after the work is completed.
4	Quick service. I took my car in for a simple oil change and they had it back to me within the hour.  When it came time for the bill, they gave me a sale price that is apparently a current coupon only special, but the employee stated that they don't make customers seek out the coupons and Firestone will honor it anyway. Then, they charged me two dollars less than that. Must be my lucky day.
1	DO NOT USE THESE PEOPLE. I've been here twice (should have learned after the first time) and both times they were absolutely awful. Both times I had made an appointment to have my oil changed. I drop it off and they assure me they'll have it done by a predetermined time. The first time I dropped it off on my lunch break and returned an hour later, the second time I dropped it off around noon and said I would return after work at 5. Both times I was assured it would be done. Both times I returned to pick up my vehicle and ended up waiting FOR AN HOUR while they finished. In the second instance, I wasn't aware it takes over 5 hours to complete an oil change. Once I finally got my car back, I discovered that they hadn't even bothered to turn my check engine light off. Don't go here unless you're prepared to wait a ridiculous amount of time only to receive a shrug and a half-hearted apology instead of prompt service.
5	I've been going there for years and am always satisfied.  There have been plenty of opportunities to sell me something I didn't need., but Adam and Ron are straight-arrow all the way.
