2	Have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on? Enough said. If I must give you more reason why you can skip this place, the food is completely commercialized and forgettable, and the there is not a whole lot going on here. You are far better off at Stool Pigeons or even Cans.
1	Can you say, "Ug?" So, there are lots of TVs and there was the same game on, for all 40 sets. This seemed quite bizarre. Also, why have 4 screens when you can have one huge one? Why advertise fresh squeezed lemonade, when it's from a package? Why give french fries with most of them burned? Why not have a vegetarian burger in addition to all the artery clogging ones? The reason for the one star, was that our waitress was cool and very courteous.
3	Sports bars. I've been to good ones and bad ones. Champions located in the Marriott City Center is right in the middle. Nothing to write home about but it has all the basics. Want to catch a game? There are plenty of TV's around. The weird thing is that every screen was tuned to the same game when we walked in. We asked the bartender to put the Olympics up on a couple of them and she complied right away. So the trick to get what you want- lies in the hands of the bartender. (isn't that always the case?)Looking for food? This place has tons of choices. Granted, none of them are gourmet, but for bar food, it was okay. And the portion sizes? Huge! Ordered some cheese fries and the plate of waffle fries was piled high and smothered in cheese, scallions, tomatoes and ground beef. Almost like a nachos plate. Want a beer? Rather than tell you what kind she has the bartender will point to a display across the room that you can pick your favorite from. It was my least favorite move of the night, as the service up to that point was pretty good.   Had it been me ordering that- I might have pushed back. As for my friend? He just glanced and ordered. And finally- the ambiance. Dark. Dark wood and dark lighting. This is a guy's place and if you are walking by the outside looking in- you may think the place is empty, but take a peek inside. My guess is there will be quite a crowd as was evidenced all the times we popped in. A sports bar is never going to be my first choice of where to grab a beer. But if it's sports you are looking for- check this place out. Just make sure the bartender knows what it is YOU want to watch. It's more fun that way!
1	Lack of Atmosphere (Even during sporting events)Food is terrible.Bartender/Waitress were incredibly rude....Everybody has bad days, they should not be this bad.....
4	This is my type of place.  If you like sports, app food, and cold beer.  Welcome home.  They have two different types of dining areas.  One is a sports dungeon that doesnt see an ounce of sun, and the other is a lounge type relaxing couch zone.  TVs everywhere!!  As far as hotel bars go, this location stands out.  It has a entrance/exit to the outside so its not like you have to go through the hotel or anything.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	So, I don't know WHY we decided to stop into this sports bar for some lunch during our Charlotte trip, oh wait, yes I do remember. It's because we were starving to death and sick of walking in the 100 degree weather. Anyway, I still regret stopping in as I'm sure there are a million better places in the area to go. The service was terrible, granted we think the guy may have been new, but it was overall awkward and just odd. I don't really want a side of 'uncomfortable' with my mushroom swiss burger. (I also don't want to be asked what kind of cheese I want on my mushroom SWISS burger). Pricing was a little high, food was decent, service was pretty bad but more than anything I'm just mad at myself that I didn't do a bit more research. Definitely should have found a local lunch gem that would have satisfied my appetite and need for a great cultural experience. There's always next time.
1	Found a long black hair in my burger. The buns were cold the meat patty was overcooked (asked for medium) and very thin. The side salad was decent, the tea tasted like crap and the food took foreeeeever to come. The waitress shifted from friendly to rude and then back I was thinking about asking her if she had a evil twin sister or something.
2	Oy.  Why do I do this to myself.The service was fine, but nothing about the food was edible.  First of all, five dollars for stale tortilla chips and "homemade" salsa (clearly from a can).The chicken wings tasted like fake butter and rubber.  It's my fault, I guess.
2	Shame on me for not consulting Yelp prior to going here but I was uptown with my 6 y/o and she was in charge of finding somewhere to eat and chose this spot.  The service was fine, place was empty because it was early so if the service had been bad I would have been even less impressed.The kids menu was quite pathetic AND expensive!  $6.00 for two small hamburgers? And when I say small I'm talking like half dollar size burgers...thus the reason we followed up dinner at TCBY (silver lining :)!)I had the Thai beef salad and it had about 6 strips of beef.  Definition of strip = about 3 inches long and 1/4 inch wide...again pathetic.  Flavor was ok but the lack of real substance was overbearing to anything else.My advice....avoid it and keep it movin!
1	I don't know who of my group picked this place out, but they never owned up to it. The service was absolutely terrible.  The waitress was practically all but ignoring us.  We only got offered one round of drinks, never asked if we wanted a second round.  We had to ask for our silverware/napkins after our food came, and did not get it until at least 10 minutes later about halfway through the meal. All the while watching the group of guys next to us get service repeatedly (when they asked her to get something, she would immediately come back to their table, not disappear for 10 minutes then have to be asked again when she did finally return). Aside from just being terrible, she was also unfriendly.  As for the food, all my friends seemed to enjoy/appreciate their meals.  For about 8-10$, you get a huge sandwich/burger and a side of fries.  Except $8 for a basket of chip and cheese dip is ridiculously overpriced to me.As a vegetarian, it was entirely another matter for me.  Not wanting a "veggie" burger, I ordered the buffalo blue cheese dip + potato wedges/chips + vegetables off the appetizer menu.  What was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip. When I asked the waitress if I was correct that the menu listed vegetables as well, she said "yeah, it should come with it" as if I was asking too much for the kitchen to produce what the menu says.  It wasn't actually until I explained the vegetable part was the reason I ordered this dish that she "offered" to get them for me.  She disappears. Ten minutes later, my friends halfway through their meal, no vegetables in sight, but at least we have silverware and napkins now.  Five minutes later, she hears us loudly complaining, and says shes told the kitchen twice now.. yeah right. Another ten minutes later, we're complaining real loud now, to ourselves because no staff member is in sight.  Soon the manager appears and says the vegetables will be out soon and apologizes.  My cheese dip and potato chips are not semi-warm, at best. He returns, and in a pretentiously apologetic manner sets done a plate and gets ready to scurry off before I can complain about: THREE 6-inch cuts of celery, and TWO 4-inch by 1-inch hunks of a carrot, completely RAW.  It took them 25 minutes to bring this out to me, and then act as if this would suffice without any compensation.  We immediately asked for a box and a discount. Yes, he discounted us 10% of our final bill, which I think came out to deducting my cheese dip and chips, plus half of my beer.  The waitress brought it out as one check too, not asking if us 2 men and 2 women (obviously 2 couples), would have wanted the check split.The kicker: the sidewalk sign outside their door read "Charlotte's Finest" ... Methinks not.
1	I only gave them 1 star because 0 wasn't an option. Food was mediocre (fries were cold), and we haven't seen our waitress in 45 minutes (writing this review while waiting to ask for the check). I'll write another review tomorrow if I'm still here waiting.
3	I don't think this place warrants anything less than 3 stars. Granted, it is an average sports bar with average food, but nothing really dooming the place.Came here for a lunch with colleague.  I had the fish sandwich - mediocre.  Buddy had the Cobb salad - barely ate like half of it, but couldn't tell why.  Didn't ask why either.Service was fine, little slow getting the check.  We waited around a bit, we weren't in a rush either and the place was empty. Shrug.  Linsanity on the multiple tv screens (time reference for me).Heard this place feasts on out-of-towners.  So, out-of-towners, if you are looking for  a sports bar that's close to hotels, this is the spot.  Just don't expect much.dmo out.
1	Slow service I can handle (took about 20 mintues to get two glasses of water) and we were there over an hour and a half (during a slow time) to get two cheesesteaks.  Average food, expected, just looking for something quick and close.  The icing on the cake was when the waitress lost my credit card.  Now I realize this could easily happen, however she didn't bother to tell me that she lost it.  Finally after her being gone 20 minutes with my card, we found her and asked her what the delay was, to which she responded "did I by chance give you back your credit card?"  My first thought was TELL ME RIGHT AWAY SO I CAN CALL THE BANK!!!!!!!  I told her that and her response was "I know, but I was so embarrassed."  Luckily, they found our card eventually, but if someone else had found it, they could do a lot of damage in 20 minutes with all the shops around there.As a side note, during our LONG HORRIBLE experience, two other groups came in and left after about 20 minutes of not even having a waiter/waitress say boo to them.  I wish we had seen their experiences before we ordered.I wish 0 stars was an option, I would have chosen it!
1	We were staying at the hotel it's located in (The Marriott) and we couldn't go anywhere because it was raining. Horrible experience.First we got in and had to search for a table. Once we found one (which was dirty) we waited about 10 minutes for the server to clean it. Once we finally sat, she took our drink orders and came back soon after for our dinner orders. I asked which was her favorite from the sandwhiches and she said the philly. LIAR!Besides the fact that it took 45 MIN, yes 45 for us to get out food, when the food got there it was all really shitty. The meat inside my philly was burnt to a crisp along with the cheese which was so burnt, parts of it were black. The bread was cold and hard. Fries were ok. By this point, we were so hungry, we just ate. After we were sitting with our plates in front of us for about 20 min, I decided to get up and go get the checks myself. She gave them to me and I walked them to my table myself, took the credit cards myself and gave them to her. We had to go, it was getting way too late.Granted, it was St. Patricks day and the place was packed, but when that happens, you need to ask for help.
2	This is a sports bar off the lobby of the Marriott Center City in Charlotte, NC. This is not a big place, but laid out to be a sports bar with a lot of monitors. Went here a night during final four (Basket Ball). The bar was not to noisy and the server was very attentive. They have a good selection of beer (however their dispenser of draft was out of service). How can you have a bar with no draft beer? I got a Sam Adams (in a bottle). Tried their Philly Cheese Steak. That is probably the worst Philly cheese steak I have had in my life (and I used to live in Philadelphia). The meat was burnt, the onions were fried beyond belief and the cheese was very greasy. The fries were OK. In summary a great location, great server, beer so-so and food not up to par.  Sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook.
2	As for a place to spend money uptown I'd skip it.  The bar is ok, the food is ok, it's nothing special. It's a convenience sort of thing, I'd imagine if I was in from out of town and looking for something quick to eat, a place to shoot the bull, and I was staying upstairs in the Marriott I would be ok with it.  The only reason I give it a measly 2 stars is because there are better options all around, this sort of competition should have been motivation to update the menu and decor. My best experience here:  We used it for a Sunday brunch my family put on during our wedding weekend.  For that experience the food was great, the service was excellent, but that is not their "normal" operation.  I guess if it's raining out and you are stuck and have no place to go I'd check it out. But under any other circumstances you'd probably get a better meal by walking a half block in any direction.
3	We came on a Friday night. Pretty empty. - In the Marriott.- Crispy onion rings. 7.50. Something like mayo as a side?! HUH?! Where the ranch at?!- Bucket of coors light for 12ish. Good deal- Lots of TVs. - Guy wanted to fight because he wanted to watch his Giants play. Rowdy Charlotte. - We were pretty much the only people there at midnight...haha
3	Good sports bar. Went here after the Bobcats game expecting it to be super packed like the other nearby bars, but it was relatively quiet for a game night (especially after a big win!).
3	Two stars? Haters, haters, haters! This place isn't THAT bad. Granted, it's not that good, but when your options are the Hooters across the street...okay, I catch your drift.This place was pretty empty on a weeknight. I ordered an appetizer and had some local beers (quite good, I am surprised to say...something like the Mecklenburg Brewery or somesuch). I was enjoying the quiet evening reading and paying half a mind to whatever sports game was on when, at around 8pm, the bar starts filling up with the good old boy Bill Brasky uptown displaced New Yorker banker crowd, and it just gets a little louder. The bar is a giant island, and it was my poor luck that I had picked their favorite side of that island. My server was kind enough to read my discomfort and assured me I could take my drink anywhere on the hotel premises.Also, I ordered a quesadilla, and it came out three minutes later. Ready-made food, I'm guessing. It wasn't bad, but you might expect somewhere between fast food and made to order here.
3	I didn't think this place was so bad either, we stopped in after a wedding for some drinks. The place wasn't too packed (they have a huge bar area) , but our bartender was lovely and the drinks tasted good. We didn't eat but it seems to be typical bar-food. The atmosphere looks very corporate circa 90s ...if that makes any sense. I wouldn't run back anytime soon (not a very interesting/unique bar) but at the time it fit the bill just fine.
5	When I first moved here in 1995 this and Ri Ra was the only 2 places downtown. I said to myself, why the hell the I move here.  Charlotte has grown.  This place is a regular guy beer and wing joint.  It is affordable, not stuffy and you can kick back and be yourself.  The prices are reasonable.  Darryhl is a nice lady and a great barttender
4	This place is so 90-00's, I was yearning for the Hooter's across the street. Very dark, too few wines, not inviting
2	A friend from Chapel Hill came to visit us yesterday and we decided to take him to downtown Charlotte. Since most locations were closed, we decided to stop at Champions, it was either that or Hooters. The environment seemed so uninviting, I was the only female in the room, but its a sports bar so whatever. We all ordered food from their ridiculously priced menu. Food quality, meh. I ordered the BLT which was about $10. When my food came out, the chicken was cold. It tasted like it was refrigerated from days ago. The only thing I liked was their ranch sauce. The bar was noisy for only a few guys being there and there were TV's everywhere! It was kind of uncomfortable.
1	Went in for a couple drinks and food. It was so slow that I actually asked one of the employees if they were closing. With that being said, drinks came out pretty fast but that was it... waited about 15 minutes for the bartender to take our order which we cashed out and moved on to another place to eat. There were more employees in the restaurant than guests, and ironically there were a couple of them enjoying a meal, at a table in the Dining room, in front of customers who couldn't even order an appetizer in a reasonable time. No management present that we could see. Seems like a place that has given up.
3	I had some time to kill this afternoon and was in the Downtown area looking for some lunch.  I was planning to catch a movie at the Epicenter and wanted some grup nearby.  It was a toss-up between Hooters and Champions and since I'd never been to Champions I decided to give it a try......When I first entered the place I stood by the hostess booth for about 5 minutes and nobody came to greet me or show me to a table...... or anything.  Then, some more patrons arrived and were waiting in line behind me.  This is when a waitress who was taking orders at a nearby table told is we could sit wherever we wanted so I decided to sit downstairs since the upstairs was crowded with kids.  So I make my way downstairs and sit a a table for about 5 minutes and no one notices I'm there.......  So I make my way over to the other side of the room and sit at a booth literally 3 feet from the bar and no one notices me........  The guy that was waiting on the booths was busy watching a college football game with some patrons..... So I get up and sit at the bar where the bartender quickly got my drink and took my order.  I got the classic burger with bacon, lettuce and tomato along with a side of fries.The food came out fairly quickly.  The burger was very good!!  And so were the fries.  I really have no regrets about the food or the bartender, but the place is kind of dark and relaly is a '90s relic, I mean, they have a mural of LJ with David Robinson and BJ Armstrong among others.......  I understand having LJ on there but Robinson?  BJ?  Shouldn't Kemba and Big Al be on there?Oh well, I thought the bill was fair.  I think it was $10 and change for a very good burger and fries with a pepsi and refill.I might visit again if I'm in the area and want a good burger, but I'd also like to see what else is out here.Happy Yelping!!
4	Great food, friendly attentive staff.My boyfriend and I came for lunch around 11:30am.  There were only a few people in the restaurant; however, the bartender was very friendly and attentive.  I ordered the Grilled chicken BLT and it was very tasty.  My boyfriend ordered the Thai Beef Salad and I tried the beef and it was amazing.  He said the salad was great!Since we were staying at The Marriott, we came back around 11pm after seeing a movie and the bar was full.  The bartenders were friendly.  I had the Peach Margarita which was delicious but was a little heavy on the peach.  My boyfriend had the Triple C Rail Pale Ale.  It's a decent local beer.
