5	My partner and I needed two new tires and an alignment. We have a Chevy Cobalt and its only two years old. Went to the dealership and they wanted almost $700 out the door! We came to S&S and they gave all that for less than half the price. They were kind, courteous, and did not treat us badly for being gay. It was a great experience.
5	I was in need of two front tires and a friend refereed me to your business. I'm glad I found you, because the service and quality that I received was outstanding. I will be needing another set to complete the four. Guess where I'll be going? Thanks S&S Tire of Peoria.                        Michael Greco owner of Cooler Tymes visit us below                            www.coolertymes.com                            http://www.yelp.com/biz/cooler-tymes-surprise
5	After being being told that I need a new compressor and breaks by other service companies (including my own dealership), and canceling my vacation due to this unfortunate news, S&S Tire spent a great deal of time evaluating the issues and found a solution to the problem. Their solution was a great deal less expensive than other recommendations. Their honesty and service is superior to any operation that I have dealt with in a long time. Although I live on the other side of the valley, I will only seek the advice and service of S&S Tire from now on.
5	Great service at a fair price! They don't hard sell you anything and give you no BS assessments of what's going on with your car. They had my fiancee's AC fixed in a day (electrical issue) and it only cost $90! I will definitely use them in the future.
5	I find these guys honest especially with their prices.I purchased a set of Michel tires two at a time. When i went back to get the rear set i was expecting to pay full price. He again looked up the tire and found them 50. cheaper. I would have not know he could have easily kept them at the old price. I thought that kind of honesty rare. The mech anics are i nic e and willing to talk to you. I will keep coming back. They do just about any repair needed.Thanks Phil
5	I come to these guys because of their genuine honesty and great prices. They help you diagnose your needs and get back on the road quickly! I went to them for tires, and now for all of my car maintenance needs! Joe really knows how to take care of people with respect, speed and humility. You know it's a good shop when you feel confident sending your friends and relatives who don't know anything about cars!
