5	I just moved to Montreal (west island) this year and have been in pursuit of a great aesthetician. My search ended today when I found Manon. She is fantastic! She did a wonderful Brazilian, by far one of the least painful I have EVER had! And believe me that says a lot as I am a Toronto native and our standards for Brazilians are very high. She did an impeccable job, very accurate and, of course, she never double dips in her wax. I loved how professional, quick and friendly she was.I also had my eyebrows done at the same time, which of course she did a fabulous job of. I like my brows natural and she did them perfectly. Plus I have a low pain tolerance when it comes to plucking and usually tear up, amazingly she was so gentle I could have fallen asleep!!The spa itself has a gorgeous homey atmosphere. Very clean and warm! We were immediately greeted and offered the usual coffee/tea/water. We were then were led upstairs to two comfy chairs to await our appointment, which we did not wait long for.  Now for the real kicker: PERFECT PRICE! If you're looking for the right place on the west island for any of your waxing needs, Manon is certainly it.
5	Manon has the best spa in town!I had gone today to get my eyebrows and my arms waxed.  She was very professional and it didn't hurt at all.  I had never had my brows done so well!  She gave them a very natural shape and fixed all the weird things I had going on.  This place is BY FAR the best.  It has a very homey and cozy feel to it and everyone is so welcoming and nice.  The prices are fabulous and I will definitely be going back.
5	Great place to check out, I got brazilian wax job, I am so happy I did not need to go on my hands and knees to clean my anal hair. Its  very intimate body part and you need  to feel comfortable in order to minimize pain, I felt very comfortable and was practically painless.  As a surgical nurse, I can say it is  very clean practice and was even able to remove a very deep and painful ingrown hair.  I would not trust any other esthetician.  In 30 minutes, she did a brazilian and removed my complete arm hair.  I really want to try a pedicure on my next visit. There are promotions sometimes, so its a good idea to bring a friend. Male clients are accepted
