4	Driving by and noticed a huge new sign "Las Vegas Buffet" so had to check it out.  Went to Check-in but surprised to find it didn't exist in Yelp!  I'm quite skeptical when it comes to Asian buffets but I was so impressed, I immediately added this business to Yelp for others to enjoy.  They've really raised the bar for a local buffet.  Awesome variety, authentic Chinese dishes, and some of the most friendly staff you can find (which surprised me since they're not really working for tips).  To top it off, it's one of the most clean and well decorated restaurants in the area. Say what you will about this piece of information but I always know the food's going to be great when I'm the only white guy in a packed place!
5	I can't say enough good things about the Original las Vegas buffet. I just enjoy every bite.      The buffet has everything you could asked for and the food tastes positively gourmet Quality !  Brand new restaurant with best service . They even just got Double "A" from health department!
5	I love the food there. The buffet is very clean and huge selections to choose from. Very authentic Chinese food with good quality.
5	A real vegas gem! Authentic asian food that is actually fresh. Great variety. Will definitely be back!
3	Nice and clean buffet, lots of seating. Didnt mind paying $13 per person but then was alittle disapointed when i noticed they had a huge selection of pork to choose from. Not a huge pork fan, would rather take my $13 next time and eat at Buffet@asia because they have more selections to choose from, more seafood and mongolian bbq.
5	I haven't never been to a Chinese restaurant this classy with great environment with beautiful decoration. For the price u paid is way worth every bit of it! Enjoy the traditional Chinese Southern and Northern exotic flavor... Yummy!!! The place is really clean. I recommend this place if you guys like Chinese food and hang out with your family!!!
5	Very fresh and nice selection of seafood, vegetable as well as southern and northern style of Asian food... Love the place and will definitely come back soon!
5	Excellent low cost Chinese Buffett!  Surprisingly only 11 bucks for lunch. A lot of seafood for such a great price.
5	This is the best Chinese buffet I've ever been in Vegas! They have very good selection of Chinese food that you won't see in any other Chinese buffet! I think my favorites are Peking duck, custard buns, pork knuckles, and sometimes they also have dim sum dishes! When it comes to customer service they are top notch! Super friendly and they always fill up ur drink for you even though its actually a self serve lol.. I've never seen a Chinese buffet that has a staff that always smile at you and give you right away if you need something! This place is a must go if you want to pig out some Chinese food! ;)
2	Simply just not impressed. I've had better Chinese food buffets for less. The only reason I went out of my way to the city of Henderson was because of a groupon I received.  I will say, however,  that the place was very clean and the service was good.
3	Your typical hometown Chinese style buffet.  It came out to be about $15 with tip and tax for lunch.  I've definitely had better tasting Chinese at other establishments.  I would only recommend coming here if you are a local in Las Vegas.  If you are from out of town, then definitely hit up the strip for a much better food experience.
5	I was born and raised in China and definitely a fan for good original Chinese food. Sure you can find Chinese restaurants that are better than this, but for a Chinese Buffet, this is the most original and best in my opinion. Being a local, I have eaten a lot of buffets in town this is the only place I actually would go once a week.
1	Taste not good, only few selection, there are plenty asian buffet with more tasteful at similar price or cheaper price.... Many people come here with their tour package...
3	Not a bad buffet, but not that great either.  Nothing noteworthy as far as food items for lunch.  Decent selection but kinda pricey when compared to Buffet Asia or Krazy Buffet.  There were many tour buses that would come and go, dropping off tour groups to the restaurant.
4	Clean, is the first word that comes to mind when I think of this restaurant. Gotta warn you though, there isn't much of a variety, but what they do have is tasty and fresh. It's more quality over quantity. Like everyone else said, they close early (2:30pm) and it's incredibly cheap (check groupon. I got 2 lunches for $15). They cater to Chinese tourists who come into town in large tour buses. You can tell that's where they really make their business from. The food was kept very clean and everything was warm. The Chinese food tastes authentic. Better than what you would find at Panda Express for sure. The star dishes for me was the curry, spicy string beans and the orange chicken (which is funny cause I don't really like orange chicken). They also had a salad bar with different Asian salads and a dessert area. When they seat you they'll take a drink order which is odd because they have an entire self serve beverage area with an assortment of sodas, coffee and tea. I guess they just have good customer service. The restaurant is very large and spacious. I would definitely go back.
1	Got a groupon for $30 for 4. I asked the receptionist/front desk how much is the regular price and she said $10+/person. First, the place is not busy, not even 10 people inside that big place. Second I notice was the dust infront of the receptionist table/counter, she's not busy! Why can't she wipe her counter! I could write my name on it!... Yikes! The one star I'm giving is for the place, it's very classy, minus the dust. Restrooms are clean and can compare it to a hotel on the strip. The servers are very nice and attentive. Gave them a good tip! Food... Half star! Selection was not very good, I guess because they are only open for like a few a hours they only cook one time and that's it! Food is very dry, over cooked and very few selection. The only dessert are jello (my daughter made a comment that it's like a square gummy!) have a few fruits, a pudding, no cakes or cookies. They have that soft serve ice cream. I'm pretty sure this buffet will close in just a few weeks. We left like 1pm and they couldn't even fill up half the place. They are not open for dinner. That's why they charge so much it's not for the food but to pay for their rent. My suggestion go to Krazy Buffet (By Sahara and Cimarron) or Buffet@Asia (they have a couple of branches but the best one was at Spring Mountain and Sahara. You won't even have to pay $10 for lunch and the food is way better than over here (10x way better!) Save your money and just eat at Panda Express, you'll be very pleased! Never coming back here. It's a waste of money, gas and time.
1	Horrible Horrible Horrible Horrible... Worst chinese food ive ever had !!! Nothing was freshly cooked...and nothing was authentic. .will NEVER return, EVER...toom a couple bites and felt the urge to throw up. Not the place if your looking for good (real) chinese food.
3	Food was average. Assortment is limited. Dessert is jello and small pastry. Could be better. More toward Chinese then American Chinese. Was part of a tour.
4	Good value. Second visit. Group stop. Food to and fresh. Better when 1st open. Decent variety but for classic Chinese vs American Chinese buffet. Service good. Prompt cleanup. Clean newer restaurant. 3.75 stars based on my second rating.  This one is a 4 today. Visit if you prefer this food.
1	Nasty!!! No variety food tastes like it came off a can ugh!
5	Been here a few times when visiting Vegas and thought I should give them some justice consider the price I'm paying against the atmosphere, service, and food quality. You can't compare this to a $40+ buffet on the strip that's for sure, but whenever I'm on a business travel in the area and want some asian buffet, this is where I go to without breaking the bank. Service is very friendly and courteous. Receptionist is informative and staff is quick consider the size of the place. Offer to help you get drinks even when the soda machine is right outside. I know some other buffets charges you extra if you want to get things other than tap water. Food is not luxurious, but you get way more than what you've paid for. They listen to your opinions, and change their menu quite frequently. Lots of local asian dishes, ducks, pork, chicken, veggies, and oh oh I love their plain radish soup. Looks plain but full of flavor! Many great pork selections. They also have a few American food that's just there to diversify I guess (but their onion ring is not bad). The interior design is more than pleasing the eyes. Outside looks normal, but once you step in to the restaurant you will be pleased to see they actually spent quite some $$ to decorate this place, yet still offering value meals. Check out their bathroom too! On the side there looks like an area for group to host parties or something. Might be good to ask. Bummer they only open for lunch hours, and I came once around 2pm their food almost ran out. Gave me a discount and even cook additional food just for me to make sure I get my money well spent. With that, I believe it definitely deserves a 5 star. You might be fooled by its fancy design thinking it is a high end buffet, and gave it a 1 star because their food is not $40 worth, but you are NOT paying $40+. So, here I am making justice. :)Keep it going!! and offer dinner~ or hotpot, or something interesting!
1	Better than Panda Express?.... you have to be kidding me... this place was a groupon purchase for my family.  We went there with high hopes after reading reviews that must have been posted by the owners or their family..  because, we will never go back I PROMISE!!!  Even if they said it was free... no way JOSE!!There were  two Seagull Holiday (YUK)  buses full of people there eating, the food was mostly wiped out.... and the people there were scrambling around trying to find something good to eat... of course only the stuff that no one wanted was still left.... the service however was good, and the sodas were good.. the ice cream desert was not so good...but helped us forget the food.   I feel sorry for those poor people on the bus that have to eat at places like this.  We live in Las Vegas and have been to many buffets.... I wish we would have gone to Panda Express... at least we would have spent much less and the food would be much much better.. and No I don't work for Panda Express...You have been warned.....
1	Not sure if the regular cook and staff were off duty. The reviews don't match the quality of this restaurant.The cabbage and shrimp were overcooked. The eggplant was so undercooked it was like biting into an apple. The chow mein was 4 parts slimely and 1 part uncooked noodle. The orange chicken was far too bitter and was falling apart soggy. The salad bar was anything but salad. Some weird soups and meats labeled Chinese Specialty. I was really surprised that the food was so terrible. The place is only open half the day. Because of their short hours I expected fresh food to be available at noon. This was way beneath the standard of cheap Chinese Food Buffets. i would never go back.
1	This is the least authentic Chinese food I've eaten in America, although the decoration and the service are pretty good.
1	Don't ever come here!!!Beef of broccoli had no beef. Sweet and sour sauce- but no chicken. Not enough food for the price you pay. Waitress filled our drinks once, and never came by for a re-fill. No desserts either, no cookies or jello or ice cream. There was no salt or pepper handy. Manager was no where to be found, tried to communicate to waitress about food; and she didn't understand what we were trying to say. DONT RECOMMEND IT. Spend your money somewhere else, like the Main street buffet.
1	Without a doubt the very WORST restaurant i have ever encountered.  Bought a groupon coupon for $15. For 2 big mistake. Could have paid cash there for much less. They cater to Chinese bus tourist. One bus after another. As far as the so called food. ..tasteless. very limited selection. Lowest quality they can find.  I'm not a Groupon fan and never use it.  But the deal popped up on Facebook and I've past the place a thousand times. Never again....just happy i didn't get sick.....stay away..
4	I'm not a fan of buffets, but this is an exception.After reading the reviews on this place, I absolutely do NOT understand all the 1-stars and the comments of this place being low-quality, unauthentic, and bad service. This is going to be a long review because I want to serve this place justice. I feel as though the previous reviews are holding this place to the standard of unauthentic Panda Express. I've been here twice, because I was on a Chinese bus tour full of straight-from-China families who felt that it tasted like home.Since this location does have a lot of Chinese tour buses coming in, it does get quite packed, but there are still lots of seating. You have to be quite patient in getting your food through the buffet lines.Service is pretty good, friendly, and inviting. The entire buffet is REALLY CLEAN (including the restroom) and modern!  There are ALWAYS workers standing by the bars cleaning up any small spills and taking empty plates. As for the food being unauthentic and low-quality. No. This is by far the best Chinese buffet I've been to. If you're a person who prefers Panda Express or super-greasy-MSG-filled Chinese food--this place is NOT for you. They do not even serve your typical American-Chinese orange chicken or overly-seasoned chow mein. The food here is just the way I think it should be. Hey, I'm a little Asian girl. I think I have some say in what is considered authentic. AUTHENTIC Chinese food is actually really light in taste, rather than heavy, greasy, and oily. It seems as though the reviews are holding Panda Express to their standard of what it should taste like. Comparing it to other Chinese buffets, you are able to eat so much more because the food ISN'T heavy. You're not going to get that fat feeling you usually get after eating your second plate at a typical low-quality Chinese buffet or after eating 2/3 of a Panda Express plate.Regarding the range of selection, there are a lot more authentic dishes here than I've ever seen at any buffet. Some of the selections are atypical of your American-influenced cuisine because they're more native dishes. TRY THE DAIKON RADISH SOUP! It's one of my favorites.Though I do not intend to be rude, I'm going to comment on some of the reviews I've seen on this place for the sake of all of you who want a broadened review:"Beef of broccoli had no beef. Sweet and sour sauce- but no chicken." --This happened to me for a particular food, but that's not an issue of the restaurant, but an issue of customers' tendency to gravitate toward the meat. Waiters do refill the buffet lineup quickly. "Waitress filled our drinks once, and never came by for a re-fill." -- Why the heck is this even a complaint??? There is an open drink bar where customers fill their own drinks!!!!!"As far as the so called food. ..tasteless." -- Like I said earlier, this is a matter of preference on a scale from Authentic to Panda Express. I would say the food is light rather than tasteless. The lightness of the food was a better perception of real Chinese food and was the best part to me.
5	Went there for lunch with friend.$6 for chinese buffet.Not all food are tasty. but they have 4 kinds of food that i really enjoyed.We had good time there.Five stars, just for the price, and their warm service.food needs to improve, but think about the price, never mind. I can take it.
1	Waste of time and money. Paid around $11 for lunch as I just missed the happy hour. Just fatty pieces of pork. I will never come here again. Seems like they were more interested in the tour bus business. They even asked if I wanted to come back at another time.
1	Possibly the worst buffet I've ever been to!!!!! We came after the lunch rush but the quality of food was not there. Mostly veggies and no meat. If I could give a zero star I would but that doesn't give me that option. I've notice this place caters to a lot of tour busses. Honestly, I would tell them to go to another buffet place!
5	Went to this buffet again today.  Still love the food a lot!  Worth coming back!  Used groupon for 4ppl.  From Monday to Friday 11:30-12:30 lunch special will only be 5.99$!  The chef used to work in Wynn, M resort etc. which is the reason why the food here is  not greasy and tasty and not the usual crap you're getting from other buffets in USA... Definitely come back next time though it's not very close to my home...
5	I love this buffet.  It's more authentic Chinese cooking than the americanize chinese foods most of us are use to.  You cannot compare it to Panda Express (which I also like) as these are two different styles of cooking.  I love the fried rice.  It's not so soy sauce laden; it's light and very flavorable.  They also have pig feet.  OMG, delicious with hot sauce.  Not sure what they are called in the Chinese language,  but they are pig feet.  The chef just needs to cook them bit  a longer as they can be very tough when not cooked long enough.  There is so much food on the buffet; plenty of vegetarian items and a good selection of meats.  You should know that I am not Asian but a senior African-American born and raised in Chicago,  now living in Vegas for 1 year and have eaten more Chinese for in my lifetime than I want to talk about.  TOLVB is the first authentic buffet I've found here.  So yummy, yummy, yummy.  So folks, don't be afraid to try something new.   Go in with an open mind and experience cooking thats authentic to its roots.  They have a early bird special price, from 11:30am - 12:30pm, that's only $5.44 and it includes a beverage.  For that price you can afford to give it a try.
4	I feel sorry for this place after reading all of the single-star reviews. I originally would have given them a single-star since our first visit was taking my parents there for their "First of the Month Free Senior Day." They host this every first day of the month. The selection was very meager, there were a lot of seniors (what did I expect?), and a whole lot of tourist coming off the tour buses. Since I thought this was an anomaly, I had to give them a second chance and I am very glad I did.This place mainly serves tourists from the buses and local business is more-or-less a second thought, but don't let that deter you from coming. Also, since they mainly serve tourists, they are only opened for lunch till 2:30 daily. On everyday except the first of the month, they have a very wide selection of items (not as large as Buffet @ Asia) but satisfies my hunger (check the pics others have posted). We have been back 5 times in the past 2.5 months and enjoy every bit. The front staff and wait staff service is excellent and they always cleanup your dishes and check on drinks very often. And a big plus for me is that the place is very clean.Tips:-Come for the "Happy Hour" M-F 11:30-12:30 @ $5.55 (approx.-I forget exact change). Did this on July 4th this year and they do not skimp on the selection for "Happy Hour."-We mainly come on the weekends and the best time is to come after 11:30 (they serve 1 group of tourists for brunch before this and they start a new batch of items for the next group that comes after 12:30). Don't come during brunch because the item count is not as many as lunch.  I call this the "Golden Hour" because the place is pretty quiet during this time.-Get a Frequent Eater card. Every 11th meal is free. Price: Local ID $10 and change and for Seniors $7 and change.UPDATE (11/2/14)-As of 10/27/14, they are no longer opened to the public with the exception of the first of every month. Seems like they just want to cater to their tourist business. Sad loss for us as it has been a favorite of ours.
1	Things you will see here: 1. People shoving each other to get the remaining bits of Kung Pao chicken2. Rude mainlander tourists3. Glass that looks like it was shot through4. The poor non-chinese that just fill their plates with toast, egg rolls and friesAlso, a typical mainlander customer pushed me and made me spill my boiling soup all over my hand. Keep in mind, i'm of mainland Chinese descent. It's connected to a make-shift gift shop that only sells supplements for tour bus customers as a plus.
1	Not one to bash a restaurant. But this place is just not for me. Too many people eating there, of course it's a tourist for people visiting Vegas from mainland china. It's just not for me the taste is nothing what I had expected. Service is great. But the food is just not.
1	Worst place ever .. Employees treat you like you're in communist china. Food looks like it's been sitting there all day. Ice cream machines are broken. They can't even get French fires right. Worst service EVER
1	Are you a hungry Chinese slave that hasn't eaten in centuries and love to eat car feces for lunch because a there is nothing better to eat? Do you LOVE being belittled by the waiters telling you exactly what to do? If so, this place will be PERFECT for you! Welcome to a restaurant in America that gives you the authentic feel of a Chinese communist working camp lunch room! So great authentic and communist that they even refuse to make the American fries correctly. Oh but make sure you eat everything or they'll make you pay. If you decide to eat here, enjoy! It's time for me to go let the Hershey's fountain flow...
1	Just arrived to this establishment and was welcomed by the angry communist employees. I had a grand choice from "Chinese delicacy"(mystery meat)  to a pure cilantro salad... We'll after leaving I've noticed that I've been having diarrhea since Easters! Please eat at your own risk!
1	Horrible experience! No customer service Empty pans Food was discussing, even the jello and ice cream, couldn't get those right. I live right across the street And I'll never go there again, don't recommend it to anyone.
2	One of the lady service attitude was bad to us! And there are few choice to eat . The food taste so so, not good. The price is not deserve its service and food. Anyway, I just satisfied with that everything was cleaned.
1	I usually refuse to eat at these kinds of buffets, because I think they're dirty & I'm scared I'll end up sick but my step dad insisted we eat here.... The place looked clean & they had all A ratings from the health department, so I felt a little better. My parents liked the food, but personally I didn't find anything great that I liked. Some of the the food I got was cold. They had a lot of veggie foods, however in one of the dishes on the counter the greens looked old. Like other reviews on here, I agree that they need more of a variety of dishes to choose from. $7 @ happy hour, you get what you pay for. On a good note though, the waiter was friendly!
2	Came here on a tour bus and both lunches were behh... the seating area is nice but the food isn't all that great. I ended up with rice, gyoza ( pot stickers ), chicken, curry noodles, and what seem to be beef with broccoli. For a dollar lunch (because of the tour) isn't bad, but this buffet needs to improve on their food choices. I had better Chinese buffet experience else where but it is what it is.Their customer service is good and efficient.
1	So I have been to alot of asian/chinese buffets, and this was definitely not a very good experience for me. I went on a tour to vegas and the first buffet they took us to was here. The server forced us to sit with people we didn't even know, when there were plenty of tables to sit at. The food itself did not taste like the cook/chef even cared who he was serving or what he was cooking. Alot of the food was unseasoned and the broccoli was very bitter (as though not washed). At least it was somewhat edible. It was just very sad to eat. ($20 per person) Other than that, the restaurant was very big and the servers were quick to clean up our plates.  I do not recommend this place if you are a person that truly appreciates good food.
1	I feel bad for giving it a single star, but honestly it doesn't deserve any better. This is the absolute worst restraunt/buffet i have ever been to. Absolutely disappointed.It smells like fart everywhere, and I swear I'm not the only one who smells it. The scent is strongest around the food, and to be honest I dont want to be smelling fart when I 'm going to eat. Also, the food quality is very low-quality. The clams are not fresh, bananas are still green, and the broccoli is bitter. NOT AUTHENTIC AT ALL. Having been to China and eating real Chinese food all my life,I can vouch that this isn't authentic. The food has no heart, it seems as if the chef doesn't care about who they are feeding. The food here makes my stomach hurt and I definitely will not be returning.
