5	We all know how hard it is to find a good hairdresser, stylist,  cosmetologist...you can call them what you want but if they want to touch the top of my head then they must be great.   I've been going to Salon Red now for almost four years believe it or not I discovered this salon when I first moved to Charlotte by just walking in, and I'm glad I did.  I met Nikki Wilson and she has made me look fabulous ever since.  It's not a fancy salon and I love that about it its just about the client.  So if your currently looking for a new hairdresser give Salon Red 11 a try.
5	I've never been really picky about who cuts my hair.  I always thought my hair was going to do whatever it wanted and there was nothing anyone could do with it.  Then, Lauryn C. referred me to Nikki at Salon Red.  I'm really glad that I went.  I explained to Nikki that I have no patience when styling my own hair so I wanted something simple and cute.  Well, she did it.  My cut was extremely manageable and pretty darn cute (if you ask me).  Every time I see her I like my cut even more than the last.  She even takes the time to show me how to style it myself.  I have since started using a round brush and velcro curlers all on my own!  Incredible. I love the compliments that I get on my hair and the ego boosts that come with them.  Did I mention that I drive all the way from Huntersville to see Nikki? I like that the salon is cozy and inviting instead of cold and intimidating.  Also, and probably most importantly, it's clean.  I can't vouch personally for the other stylists at the salon but their customers always leave with smiles on their faces, too.  Needless to say, I highly recommend this place for EVERYONE and not just hair styling amateurs like myself.
5	Well now that it's been 5 years and at least 2 since I posted my first review it's about time for an update!  I adore Nikki she has done a fabulous job on my hair for years now and  I don't just consider her my hairdresser any more but a true friend as well.  Nikki can do anything color, cut, curly, straight, updo's etc.  I recently had her do my hair for a wedding and I was extremely impressed I was in three weddings recently and the updo she gave me was by far my favorite!  I will post some pics so you can see.  She is very reasonably priced and will always try to fit you in when possible!
5	I am convinced that Nikki at Salon Red 11 has magic fairy dust sprinkled on her scissors and products.  Every time I go in a mess and come out feeling like a fairy princess.  Check it out if you are looking for a clean, relaxed environment with someone who is great about listening to what you want, giving ideas and tips.
