3	These are apartment like rooms. I think that it is a good value place to stay. In the summer the cheapest rate is like $82!The place needs some more maintenance. There are flies..dead ants....Staff are quite friendly.
4	Sheraton Desert Oasis is a great value in the late spring/early summer to get away for a few days and relax. It is part of the Starwood Hotel Chain, but this is one of their first forays in to the recent boom in Hotel chains opening time share residences for sale under their brands. So this was meant to be property that was sold in timeshares, which some have. mostly for winter weeks for cold snow birds.But in the low season, which is summer, you can get a room for around $100. And what do you get? You get a nicely appointed, decorated model home, about a 700 square foot 1 bedroom apartment. It is repleat with 2 gas fireplaces, full kitchen with all wares and utensils, living room, patio with table and chairs, his/her bathroom sinks, a marbled tiled shower, a king size bed and a heart shaped large jacuzzi bathtub in the bedroom. It has a full social and activities calender, so it is a good place to take the kids. There is a large clover shaped pool, with multiple water fountains, and a large rocklike island structure with caves where the jacuzzi is located. There are about 75 chaise lounges and several tables, so there is usually one available for you. There is also a poolside grill for food and beverages. You are not far from the restaurants and nightlife of North Scottsdale, near Kierland Commons Mall, Desert Ridge Mall, 101 Mall, and about 6 other strip and big box shopping centers. You can buy food and easily eat in to save some money. The famed Tournament Players Club (TPC) gold course is close by, as well as the more exclusive and expensive Fairmont Princess hotel. This is more of a vacation home than an exclusive resort with people waiting on you hand and foot. But it is well maintained, nicely appointed, and a relaxing getaway. Peak season (winter) rates are $325 and up, so if you come in early summer, you get a bargain and a tan by the pool.
4	This place is a great place to throw a small party or have a romantic night!Certain times of the year you can secure a room for 80.00 a night.Make sure you request the larger of the 2 models. It has a full kitchen and utensils, fireplace, cd player, and a jacuzzi tup for 3 in the bedroom. Its a huge tub!1!and two shower heads in the shower(obviously)They have an arcade room and a awesome pool and spa under a waterfall.They have poolside service and full meals.I highly reccomend this place for a special night away!!Since it is a resort the next week or so you will get a call from a time share. Definatly go to the presentation for the free prizes. Dont buy thought.i go to the time share things al the time they give you lots of free stuff.If you tell them you want to stay at the hotel the night before the presentation they usually give you the room for 30.00 Also a tip when sceduling tell them you are a local and just need to stay a night while your place is being fixed. (they will charge you less)
5	I found this place off of Hotels.com.This is probably the best place to stay if you're looking for value in Scottsdale.  We got a 1 bedroom, living room, kitchen, full bath, laundry closet, etc. for only $95 a night...  Pretty much a condo for less than $100 bucks/night.  This is a crazy value for the Scottsdale area.The rooms were clean - room service was timely and everything looked great when we returned.  No complaints on service - they were very friendly.I can't say anything bad about this place!
3	More like 2.5 stars......Here are the pluses:The cost... 300 bucks for a week in a 1 bedroom condo through a website... came with a kitchen, plasma, 2 fireplaces....The pool is heated...The area is clean.....Here are the negatives:Toilet was leaking... Bathroom kind of smelled.. They don't do linen service each day.... They only replace the towels every 3 days.... It bothered me that they don't even vacuum once during the week...Another negavtive was the construction going on.... Kind of annoying...Oh yeah... The front desk wanted to charge about 10 bucks to send a fax to a toll free number....We might come back... but probably not..
4	I stayed here last week for about 5 nights. The place is beautiful! Very clean and friendly. I saw security walking around every night, so I felt fairly safe staying here. The rooms were built with really strange angles, so that was kinda weird and cramped in some areas. The position of the windows in the bathroom kinda freaked me out, being that they were placed so one could see everything from the outside if they were to come right up to it. The beds were very comfortable. Even the pull out bed that I had to sleep on was decent. I really enjoyed the large bath tubs and the fact there was a laundry machine in the room. I wish I could have used the pool, but it was too cold out. Fairly close to A LOT of shopping and restaurants. I would definitely stay here again, and also recommend it to others!
4	The Desert Oasis is definitely a cool place to stay for a bit. I just got back from a one-week stay there, and was pretty satisfied with everything. The suite was large and spacious. Fireplaces in both the living room and in the master bedroom. It had more than a kitchenette, and a washer and dryer. Our bathroom had a double vanity, nice two headed walk-in shower, and two person jacuzzi in the master bedroom. We also had a 40" plasma in the living room and a 32" in the bedroom. The complex had plenty of parking. It also had a sweet pool with a waterfall at one end. It is also walking distance to TPC Scottsdale.Only complaints are: would be nice to have a restaurant on the property and time to step up to Lodgenet for in room movies.Other than that, no complaints. 4.25 stars.
2	Hotel room and property were nice, but felt like we were in a police state every time we came and went. There were motorcycle cops running a speedtrap between 101 and the hotel several times as well as sitting in the parking lot . When we asked the hotel staff about it, they laughed and said "oh yeah, they're always here". Definitely detracted from our stay here and I will probably look elsewhere next time.
4	This was the 2nd year we have stayed at this resort & plan on going back again next year.  We traded our timeshare for a week here at this resort.  We had a 2 bedroom (actually a full size unit with a smaller lock-off  unit) a full-size kitchen, mini-kitchen, 2 bathrooms & 2 living area.  The main unit was very spacious, with a large bedroom & was nicely decorated.  The larger unit had a fireplace in the living area and another in the bedroom.  There was a super large jet tub in the bedroom with a large adjoining bathroom that had very large walk in shower & large vanity.  The smaller unit had a large jet tub/shower combo in a large bathroom, the bedroom and living are quite small in that unit.  2 washer/dryers. Unit was clean and staff were very friendly.  Fully stocked kitchen on both units.  Both units had balconies with patio furniture.  We stayed on the 1st floor this time and looked out over the back parking lot next to the dumpsters & garbage bins, so was very noisy most of the day into the night.  Last year we were on the 3rd floor on the east side and had a nice view of the mountains.  Gigantic pool with waterfall, hot tub, cafe, plenty of lounges and an area that had 4 fans & misters to keep cool.  There was also an area for kids to play in water shooting from holes on the deck area.  There was also a quiet adult pool off in another area.  A fitness center and a small but nicely stocked store.  2 computers to use in the lobby.  This place is great for families with children as there are lots of structured fun activities, my 7 year old loved being here and was kept busy pretty much the whole day, every day.  There is a small fee for some of the activities such as ceramics & T shirt stamping.  They also have fun activities for adults & kids.  We went to a Margarita Bingo, ice cream sundaes, ice cream floats, basically activities going on every day.   Last year there was a wine tasting class for adults while the children had lemonade tasting.  There was also a class to learn how to make Martinis. The resort is a ways from restaurants and there is nowhere to eat at the resort except the cafe by the pool.  You will need a car if you stay here.ATT had almost nonexistent service inside the unit, we had to stand outside, and then still had dropped calls.  There is free Wifi in the units & 4 phones so had good computer access.  The grounds are nicely landscaped.
4	Sheraton's Desert Oasis was a wonderful property and the room that I had completely over exceeded any of my expectations.  I was attending a conference in town and the host hotel had booked up, so I found this location on the internet.  After reading some reviews I thought I would give it a chance.  And boy was I happy I did.  Very personable staff, overly large sized villas, full kitchen, LCD TVs in the living room and bedroom, fire places in the living room and bedroom (which I seriously got a kick out of) and the most amazing jacuzzi tub!  Great location I would definitely recommend this location as well as come back to it.
2	As far as the property is concerned - It is a wonderful place to stay at if you are looking for A+ accommodations in a perfect area of Phoenix. many of the reviews you can read here do a VERY GOOD job of describing the rooms and the photos are accurate. The front desk and staff are all very pleasant and customer service oriented too. Now I'll tell you about the bad experience. As a current timeshare owner here since its original build around 1998 (under Embassy Suites at the time), we want to make other current owners aware of the dishonest sales practices and misinformation the Starwood sales representatives at the Sheraton Desert Oasis are doing. We have thoroughly enjoyed being timeshare owners since this time until now. Our visit in February 2011 changed our perspective on the professionalism, integrity, and honesty of the "Ownership Update". It had been years since we have had the chance to visit our home resort and looked forward to an Owner Update. Yes, we did understand that sales comes into play sometimes during these meetings for updates of new features and changes of the timeshare program. The sales representatives introduced us to the new Starwood Vacation Network (SVN), use of points, options, and other choices with the newer system of which we were not a part of. We were quite excited and interested in the new flexibility and wanted to make the change from the traditional ownership we had. During this time we were told that original members we had missed the opportunity to change over to SVN. We were told that in order to move our current unit owned at Sheraton Desert Oasis, we HAD to buy another timeshare. Doing this was the only way to bring our membership over to the Starwood Network. We were kind of troubled about having to buy another just to get moved to points since we already had the biggest unit at this property. It really didn't make any sense. Of course they came back with what was seemingly more affordable - a small 1 bedroom biannual timeshare that would get us in and move our current ownership. We asked for them to list all the fees we would need to expect and was told outside of the biannual maintenance fees, we would only have to pay a fee if we had to use Interval International to make an exchange. At that point they left us in order for us to review and discuss our finances and decide on what to do. We both thought hard about this and decided we could manage the amount looking at the numbers we were presented and maintenance fee that we should expect. On March 14th, we received a bill regarding the maintenance fee for the new ownership purchase (which was expected). On the bill was also an SVN membership fee that was assessed for the amount of $119.00. When I contacted Association Management, I was informed that this fee is a yearly fee to be part of the network (Not mentioned). Furthermore, when I contacted Owner Services to find out how long it would take to get our existing original ownership transitioned to the point system, I was told that it would cost $599.00 to do this AND WE DID NOT NEED TO PURCHASE another unit to get into the point system program. At no point in time, did they make an effort to give us honest information regarding how we could move to the Starwood Vacation Network point system, they did not tell us all the various membership fees for each unit, and possibly other charges that we haven't seen yet. We are really disappointed and feel very deceived with the sales practice we experienced. Not only has our trust in timeshare sales been broken, but I feel a consumer protection against this type of failure needs to get placed into law (if it is not already). Equally important, we want to be certain that other current owners do not experience this deceitful practice. No telling how many other owners have been tricked to buy another unit when they could have simply made the change by calling Owner Services. Unfortunately, the sales team there could not resolve our matter and claimed they knew nothing about the $599 option for current owners. Yet after sending several complaint letters/emails/etc in early April, we were contacted by the sales representative at Sheraton Desert Oasis to be told that he received an email that the promotion was ending soon (raises a question to integrity doesn't it?). Of course they could not forward that announcement, but we did receive an official email on April 28, 2011 stating that the option to change over would end on May 31, 2011.
4	Smaller, older Starwood property.  Great for families.  Nice staff that aims to please. Wasn't too crazy about the huge bug in my room the first night but hey, it's the desert and stuff flies in. Rooms are a nice size.  Fireplaces in the bedrooms are nice.  We didn't use them but they would be nice during the colder seasons.  Even the sales staff, (mike l.) was helpful with lots of good advice as I plan to work on my timeshare portfolio. I wavered between three and four stars because there are no restaurants on site and a huge disappointment was the internet. Was super slow but hopefully in a couple of months it will be lots better as they say they are working on improving it.  Other than those two things, the staff was friendly enough so I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
3	I am going to start off by saying that my family and I are evidently not the prime demographic that Sheraton Desert Oasis Villas caters to.  This is not clearly stated in the information that I read while booking our stay through Travelocity.  Nevertheless, I would say, overall, our stay was fine, but not what we were expecting.  What was described as more of a resort on the Travelocity site is really an extended stay hotel/condo establishment, mainly for snowbirds and retired people.  They have no restaurant on the premises (unless you count the snack bar at the pool), but the rooms do have kitchenettes, complete with dishes, dishwasher, and convection ovens.  The Desert Oasis appears to be somewhat older but fairly well maintained.  There are 1 or 2 play areas for little kids (probably for when the grandkids come to visit) and a very nice large pool, complete with waterfall.  They also have events every day, like movies in the office area, etc.  After arriving, I soon felt we were about 20-30 years younger than the average tenet, but the price was certainly well within our budget.  We were looking for a hotel/resort and got something else, but it worked out fine and our daughter loved the pool and play area.  However, I think next time we'll search for something more traditional for a short stay in Scottsdale.
4	Clean room, great service, and quiet. Close from the freeway, and all the shopping and facilities. I recommend this place highly
5	We own timeshare here because of great service, nice accommodations, super pool, and good location.
4	Nice mid-range family-friendly smaller hotel property.Highlights:- Jacuzzi tub: one of my favorite things ever. This one had one surrounded by a 1/4 pie shaped rounded capsule because it also was a shower. In the larger room my cuz was in, it had a heart shaped one which I loved!- Pool: good size with a waterfall on one end and a jacuzzi hidden underneath the rocks. Loved that it was heated since we went at a cooler time of the year.- Rooms: nicely decorated with southwestern theme (Kokopelli all around) and clean. I thought it may be old and dated from reviews, but it was not.- Playgrounds: 2 on the premises with fake grass which I liked so little ones can crawl around- Free wi-fi: always like that- Themed courtyards by vegetation: we were palm which was my favoriteLowlights:- Bed and sheets: not quite heavenly and sheets were pretty rough- No restaurant: this is a nice to have for breakfast and such- Room service: limited menu just til 4- Loudest toilet flush: not the biggest deal but we had our baby with us so we were worried it'd wake him at nightOur favorite family-friendly Scottsdale hotel is the Westin Kierland which is a bigger, more elaborate resort property, but we'd come back here again if that's booked.
3	You can't beat the location of this Resort.  While their standard size suite is a bit small they do make the most of the space available.  There is no primary restaurant on site, but the pool grill will do in a pinch.My family and I were there 9 nights and for one reason or another Housekeeping was unable to consistently show up on time or some days even at all.  Fortunately, after noting our experience in an SPG review the Director of Housekeeping apologized and deposited 5,000 Starwood points into our account.  They admitted they are working on this department and while we would have preferred a cleaner room, but the points were certainly appreciated.This resort remains one of the better values in North Scottsdale and so if location is important to you I'd suggest the Desert Oasis as a good option.  We would consider staying there again.
4	Yes. It's a desert oasis. Go figure. Updated villa rooms include kitchen with all of the amenities, comfortable bed and furnishings. Close to everything including the 101 freeway. As part of the Starwood network, this is a dedicated time-share property which also offers regular revenue rates to non-owners or those who traded properties. IF you are an owner, I would forgo the higher-StarPoint required Kierland Villas. This is about 1 mile away and still close to all of the shops, restaurants and entertainment of Arizona. You're never in the room anyway. YOU are on the lounge chair sipping frosty cocktails at the pool. What they should do is charge for the lounge chair and throw in the actual room for free! Just sayin'.Family friendly but also good for singles and couples no matter your age. People are relatively friendly on property or pool and ask where you are from.Visit the grocery stores nearby including Basha's up on Bell Road, about 2 miles from resort or Frys north on Hayden Road. Get yourself some bottled water, snacks, lunchy food,etc, to take to the pool and avoid the averaged priced items.
4	I really loved the resort.  It is a very nice place and the staff are very friendly.  The only downside to the place is the parking.  The entire week we stayed there I only got to park close to our suite once.  The parking seems to have been very poorly planned.
4	Stayed here  May 2012.  Traded my timeshare week, so not sure on pricing.  Stayed in 2 bedroom with lock off. My son had the lockoff unit and enjoyed the privacy when his friends visited.  Rooms were nice and clean and check in was easy as pie. Beautul pool area, drinks so so. Loved the quite pool with shade area when it was hot and jacuzzi at night. Activity center guy was great. Pool activities including volleyball at the pool. My only complaint was I had to call front front desk 3 times to have mid week cleaning as no one showed up. Would have enjoyed having our own BBQ grill on our patio, but not a big deal.
3	A small resort for a weekend get away.  The rooms comes with a full size kitchen, half size frig, and a small stacked washer drier.  It's a lovely little place to spend a quiet time away.  The pools are large with a hideaway jacuzzi area to relax it.  DVD rentals in the front for entertainment and room service from their on-site restaurant.  (You can order into the room after hours if the restaurant is closed.)  There's free wi-fi if you want to bring your computer for things.  Parking was kind of a issue since the spaces were small and the lot was very full despite it being off-season.  Friendly staff and quiet please made for a nice relaxing weekend retreat.  There's a steep $35 cleaning fee that is charged at the end so take it into account when you're budging.
3	This place is nice but nothing outstanding. If you are looking for a place to go and get pampered this is not the place for you. The pool is nice and the hot tub is pretty large and awesome.  The only restaurant on the premises is a small snack shop by the pool which has sandwiches and such. The rooms have kitchens which provide what you need if you want to make your own food while you are there. There is a breakfast provided from 8-8:45 two days a week which is nice but isn't out for long after the 8:45 end time. During that time you are presented different activities and excursion type stuff you can do in the area.The concierge is definitely helpful as they recommended a good breakfast place (though there are others) and helped us get a tee time at a discounted rate at a nice course nearby.Assuming you have a car, going to Sedona is a must and is a pretty drive up there. Also interesting if you are adventurous and are comfortable driving on unpaved roads in the mountains is driving the Apache Trail which goes out to Tonto National Forest and Roosevelt Lake.I would likely go somewhere else if I went back to Scottsdale as I wasn't blown away by the place, but it depends what type of vacation you are looking for. The place was clean but the maid service didn't really do much.
5	First time at this resort.  Exchanged our Wyndham vacation points for a unit here.  Be sure to get a 1 BR with full kitchen.  You can same some $$$ buy cooking your own food.  Sam's Club and Costco are nearby and there's a Fry's closeby and the property offers shuttle service there.  Bedroom and living room each have fireplaces in them; and the BR has a large jacuzzi.  Furnishings are nice and there are 2 large LCD TVs (one in BR and 1 in LR)  Staff are very friendly and helpful.  Injured my foot on this trip and the front desk person made sure that we got a bottom floor unit.  Pool was a little far, but the front desk gave me a choice of either a peaceful/serene view or closer quarters to the pool.  I opted for the view and didn't regret it.  They do try to get you to attend one of their property presentations, but you get a $100 Amex gift card for your time along with discounts at a bunch of establishments.
4	The in-laws used some timeshare points for a week stay here. We got two sides, a larger and smaller side. While I'm used to having more things to do in a resort setting, the jacuzzi was nice sized, as was the pool. But a basketball hoop in the pool wouldn't be a bad addition. Heck there's enough room for it.Room cleanliness was not an issue and the kitchen had a enough to get by for a while. However, they supplied metal kitchen utensils for cooking (i.e. Spatulas, etc.) which detrimentally affects pots and pans. I think the non-stick on our pan was shoddy because of this.My wife had one consistent complaint: the pillows were iffy. Your head sinks straight away and offers little support.If I had a chance to do this again, I'd probably rather stay at the Kierland resort instead.
5	I am so glad that my husband chose this place for us to stay at.  It felt like I was at home, expect for much nicer. There was a jacuzzi tub in the bedroom, full kitchen and a washer and dryer.  The bed was so comfortable.  The pool was a great place for the kids to play.  My son had a blast.  You could also buy drinks at a really decent price.I will stay here again when I go back to AZ.
4	If there was a 3.5 rating, I'd go with that.  The grounds are very nice and kept wonderfully.  There are walking paths that wander through the resort and a big variety of plants in the landscape.  There is also a weekly "nature walk" in which all the plants are described and identified. (Living in Washington, the desert flora is a whole new thing for me)Staff is uniformly welcoming.  The concierge desk is consistently filled by very knowledgeable folks who can direct you anywhere and set up excursions or reservations.Bed is oh so comfy.  Stupidly comfortable, really.Now the down-side:  the smaller one-bedroom units are grossly lacking storage.  And maybe some square feet.  There is only one nightstand with a total of three drawers.  The closet is maybe 24" wide.  Upper shelves are full of pillows for the sofa-bed.  We ended up with suitcases in the living room and everything else wherever there was an empty corner.  From a girl's perspective, there is a minuscule amount of room in the bathroom. Would we stay here again?  Oh yes.  Would I avoid the smaller one-bedroom?  Oh most certainly.  Or pack very very lightly.
4	Traded timeshare here for a 1bdr w/ partial kitchen that sleeps 4 (as advertised).  The resort and service was great.  Wished we had gotten a larger room but this what was available at the time.  If you're looking to bring your family of 4 here I would recommend at least getting the 1bdr w/ full kitchen as the smaller 1 bdr option will be a bit tight and just become smaller towards the end of your week's stay.  I would come back here but I definitely would go bigger if you're planning on bringing your family here.  Other than that I find that the staff here are very friendly and hard-working people who make sure we vacationers enjoy our stay.
4	Stayed here for a total of 2 nights. It was like stating in a small apartment. It had all the conveniences of living at home. Room had a fridge (normal size not mini), dishes, dishwasher, washer and dryer, private balcony with table and chairs  etc. The grounds were kept clean, and I like that it is a NON SMOKING facility! Pool and jacuzzi were well taken care of and large. This hotel is also conveniently located to the 101 freeway which is a mile down the road.
5	Great resort with all the amenities you could want. The room was great, huge, and clean, and the staff was super attentive. On site gas grills were definitely a cool feature. Great place to stay when seeing Phoenix, Scottsdale, and quick access to the highways north to Sedona, etc. Would stay again!
