2	Got some lunch with a friend here last week. When we arrived, we had to wait 5 minutes for someone to seat us. It was dead in there! A couple of servers noticed us but noone came to help us.Finally, after being seated, we had to wait another 15 minutes before being greeted by a server. We were more than ready to order at that point. I ordered a lunch combo, which consisted of a grilled shrimp salad and the California Turkey Club. My friend got the chicken brocolli pasta. We got our food reasonably fast. Anyway, my salad was pretty tasty but the sandwich was BLAND. The portions were tiny. My friend said she liked the pasta but it looked kinda dry to me. I would recommend going somewhere else for lunch.
4	4 stars for an Applebees??? Really??? We went this weekend for someones birthday and it was really a pleasant meal and atmosphere. I had the new fettichini stuffed ravioli with grilled chicken. It had mushrooms, diced tomato, onion, spinach and an Alfredo sauce on top. I loved it! Sometimes these types of dishes really depend on the person making them. I am sure that is the case with this particular dish. My daughter even loved it. We got the 2 for $20.00 with the white queso dip for the appetizer and it was good too. Another good reason to go with kids is that the kids eat free. Big plus in my book because sometimes you pay $5.00 for a kids meal and they don't eat it. The manager was going around to every table making sure everything was OK. He was a friendly man and you could tell he really wanted everyone's dining experience to be top notch. This review is a far cry from the review of the Champaign Applebees. At this location we were seated promptly and served quickly. The food was really good. I will say that out waitress didn't know squat about the menu. Obviously she was new. But that's OK. The food was still good.
2	It's certainly not the best food, but it is close to our house, usually prompt, and pretty cheap with the 2 for $20 and kids eat free. So, it was an OK choice on occasional nights when we didn't feel like cooking or just wanted a change of scenery.That is, until last night. After first waiting for 15 minutes for any wait staff to appear, then waiting an additional several minutes for our waters to arrive (not to mention the additional 10 minutes for the single beer to brought out), then waiting for quite some time for our meals to arrive, we discovered that somehow 1 order wasn't placed. At this point it was a full hour from when we were seated. I waited an additional 10-15 minutes for my salad to arrive. The manager stopped by to offer chips and salsa, but we'd already had an app with the 2 for $20, so we declined.At this point, the kids were tired and restless, and ready to head home. I packed my salad in a to go box and asked for the check. They offered a 10% discount, which amounted to less than $3 on the total bill. Unfortunately, at this point we discovered that the restaurant had stopped the kids eat free plan as well. So, all told, the meal took twice as long as we planned, with a lot more hassle than necessary, and we spent more than the quality of food warranted, and certainly more than the overall experience warranted.Since the primary reasons we chose Applebee's on nights like last night were the convenience and relative cheap cost, we won't bother going back in the future.
2	The food is ok, typical Applebee's fare.  Nothing impressive, nothing wonderful, but good for the price.  Unfortunately, they've stopped doing the free kid's meals.  Oh well.Far more of a factor though is the staff.  I've eaten at Applebee's locations around the nation, and this is some of the worst service I've had.  We waited approximately 45 seconds to be allowed to enter because some guests were chatting with one of the servers and blocking the entrance, ignoring us completely.  We were seated relatively quickly once we were in (the restaurant was only approximately half full).  Our server took a little longer than normal to arrive (approximately 2 minutes instead of the usual 15-45 seconds), so we were ready to order our food at this time.We placed our order, and about 2 1/2 minutes later she came back with our drinks.  A very reasonable amount of time.  Our appetizer is brought out (by the way, they might be changing the marinara sauce recipe, it seemed closer to ketchup this time).  Our food is brought out, and by this point my wife and I have both nearly finished with our drinks, needing refills.  She ignores this.  The manager walks by multiple times and ignores us.  Other servers ignore us.  When I'm finally able to get our server's attention (after having seen her standing with another table's initial drinks and chatting with another server for several minutes), she scowls at me when I ask her for more drinks.  5 minutes later, she comes back out, scowls at me again, and then goes back to get our drinks.  We're done eating by now, but we finally get our drinks, and ask for our check (no chance of dessert at this point).About 4 minutes later, our check arrives.  I have my card ready to go, she returns about 2 minutes later to pick it up.  9 minutes later (according to the time between the printout of the original receipt and the printout of the card authorization receipt), she returns with my card, and we leave.
2	A couple of weeks ago we were in for an early dinner around 4:00 and they were so slow.  We didn't get out of there until almost 6:00.Today, I went for lunch and had the lunch combo of Fiesta salad and French onion soup.  The salad was really good but the soup was very salty.  The service this time was good.  But, my friends knife and fork were dirty.  They had dried food on them.  That's gross!!!!  Sorry Applebees.
3	Good food, good service. Great place to go for the lunch hour if you want to grab a quick bite.
4	The service is always great and the food very tasty. They also are far enough away from the majority of town they rarely have a wait even on busy weekends.
2	Okay, Here's the truth: I go to this Applebee's for dinner because my son and I can walk there from the movie theater, where we've been dropped off to see a show. The food is not very good. It's mostly out of a box or a bag that started in the freezer and prepared by someone with limited culinary training or authority. They are reheating and combining. What little comes fresh is often not fresh at all (think two to three item salads, with that one wonky tomato wedge). We once asked for steamed broccoli for my son and were brought a hunk of broccoli that had not even been trimmed -- stalk, leaves, and all. It had been lightly steamed, at least. What's best are things like steaks, burgers, little sliders and other fried appetizers (because, well, fried), dessert shots (like pudding in a glass). The drinks are okay, too. The tables are getting sticky with age. They're wiped off with a communal rag kept in a bucket of disinfectant stuff behind the greeters' podium (it just makes my skin crawl every time it comes out of the gray "water"). The best thing about the place is the staff. They're nice folks and well focused on customer service. We try to leave a good tip every time.
3	Now, I am giving Applebees an additional star because I really enjoyed the meal I had.  The service still lacked and my waitress only showed up twice and did not refill my water glass.  She was absent so much that I ended up drinking my husbands water.I ordered the Signature Sirloin and Garlic Shrimp off the under 550 calorie menu.  It was pretty good and the serving size was just right.  It came with herbed potatoes, seasonal vegetables, bruschetta (which was not on my plate when served so I have no idea if it is good) and sliced almonds.  The seasonal vegetables was just a big piece of broccoli but it was good.  I waited entirely too long for the bill.  In fact, I told the people with me to go ahead and leave since they had somewhere to be and I waited for the bill and paid when the waitress decided to show up again.
2	I arrived at Applebee's starving.  The hunger was like death knocking at my chamber door.  I looked frantically for a hostess, but she was busy sweeping the carpet with a broom.   After being seated, I was alarmed by the poor design of the menu.   It was loud and distracting.  The soup was bad.  Our steaks did not match the picture; the check didn't match the picture.  Overall : disappointed.
2	We have been customers at this location twice. The first time wasn't that bad. The server was cool and friendly. They still try to upsell you, but I understand; the bigger the check, the bigger the tip. The food is terrible! Sorry, It just is. Our second time, the server was also nice and friendly, but this time, the food was atrocious! We won't eat here ever again. Not because of the staff, it is because of the food. It is inedible and over priced. 5 stars for the staff, plus -3 for the food.
4	Food was hot and tasty. Loved it!
