5	I'll get straight to the point.  Romy's Ribs has the best pork ribs I have ever put in my mouth.  The seasoning.  Let's just say I was licking my fingers even AFTER I washed them.  Jerome (the owner) expressed that people constantly ask for his recipe.  He should guard it with his life.  Its the kind of blend that makes sauce unnecessary.  Romy is from St. Louis, so this is a St. Louis style rub, and hopefully that gives you an idea of what to expect.  Kind of spicy, very savory, and just perfect.The texture.  Tender as ribs get.  The 'skin' was the perfect consistency.  The way he cooks them, there was a crust which is formed from the rub, and seems slightly carmelized, but not really.  When you bite into it, it's the right combo of meaty and juicy.  There is no chewiness to this.  I cannot express how much I sincerely mean that these ribs produce 'perfect' bites.  The essence.  The wood that they use is the perfect one to compliment his rub.  There is a nice smoke-ring, and the smoke and rub permeates the whole rib.  As I stated before, sauce is not needed because there is a fullness that you get that makes the rib a complete experience.  Sauce almost would lessen the rib.  I don't know if Romy makes the sauce he gives out, but it is good regardless.  Sweet, but savory.  Not too spicy.I also want to point out the feeling I got when I walked up to the place.  From the way Jerome and the cook said "hello", you knew you were dealing with down to earth, good people.  Genuine.  He lets you taste a piece before you buy anything.  He asks your name, not to call out your order, but because he wants to know the names of his customers.  You could sit down and play Spades with these guys, and the time would fly by.  This has everything to do with the food, because that same goodness comes through in the food. I cannot stop talking about Romy's and I cannot get the taste out of my mind.  Never before have I craved something like this before, immediately after I just had it.  He is only open on Saturdays, from 12 - 5, so you have to wait a whole week before you can get some more.  And you WILL want some more.  I have not exaggerated one single thing I have stated here.  I stand by this man's pork ribs as if I made them myself.  And I will be back again next Saturday to try the next thing on the menu.  He has chicken, pulled pork sandwiches, baby-backs, beef and pork ribs, hot links, and sides.  I paid about 12 bucks for a 1/2 slab, but that is a lot of food.  If you think its pricey, just try the snack order for like 4 dollars.  The man could charge $20 for his ribs, and I'd still pay it.  They are that good.I decided to go back and edit this review to include that the place is a little off in the cut, and its simply a trailer with 2 pits on the back.  And they only take cash.Another update 2/29/09:Since first writing about Romy's, I have been there more times than I count on both hands.  The main thing that stands out over a course of time about a place, is if the quality is consistent.The answer for Romy's is YES.I have not once had a disappointing order of pork ribs.  Not once have they been over/undercooked, cold, under/over seasoned...Also, I have fallen in love with the pulled pork sandwich.  I would marry it if it were legal...and if I weren't afraid that I'd eat my new wife.  The pork is tender, needless to say.  It also has the right amount of 'skin' and fat.  Just like the ribs, you need NO SAUCE.The chicken?  I've only had it once.  However, I will say that it was seasoned all the way through to the bone, and it was cooked perfectly.  You know how sometimes bbq'd chicken can have doneness issues?  Well the batch I had was cooked thoroughly.  Tender, not chewy, and the perfect smoked taste.I must reiterate that I have not had a bad meal at Romy's.  The only thing that I might drop a little lower on my list of awesomeness are the rib tips...but only cause' I'm not a rib tip kind of guy.  They are indeed meaty and just as tasty as the ribs they come off of.  So you won't be disappointed.Romy himself is a man that I like talking to.  He always has something nice to say, a great smile waiting for you, and good conversation.  Him and Cory are good people.So yeah, venture all the way out to Maricopa on a Saturday afternoon and visit Romy's.  You won't regret it.
5	After seeing a couple coupons in the Maricopa paper for Romy's, and seeing that the place is only open on Thu-Sat it got our curiosity up. I love ribs, and am in a constant search for good ones. Let me just say, that I have now found some of the best ones I have had, and they are only a couple minutes away from my house. I called ahead, and verified he had some ribs left, and headed over. Jerome is a very nice guy, and I had a great conversation with him while he got my food ready. He gave me a sample of his ribs, and his sauce that he makes himself. I was immediately impressed.When we got home, and opened the box of ribs, What I imediatly noticed was the Smoke ring that was deep in the meat. Tasting them, they are very tender, and the smokey flavor is just awesome. The ribs do not need any of the sauce, but it is just way too good to not use it.We will defiantly be frequenting Romy's, and it will save us a trip to Waldo's in Mesa.
5	Like the other guy said, they are now open Thurs - Sat....more oppurtunity to have greatness.His cook is gone and Romy mans the grill himself.  No change in quality.  More people seem to be getting on the bandwagon, and its just a matter of time before Romy get himself a building and really starts making a killing.I need a pulled pork sandwich....RIGHT NOW.
3	This was decent BBQ that was ridiculously over priced.
5	I've been going to Romy's ribs for over 2 years now, and I love it. Romy starts at the crack of dawn 3 days a week applying a dry rub and slow cooking his ribs until early afternoon, when they literally fall off the bone. $20 is enough to get a rack of baby backs (enough to fill my dad and myself up... and neither of us are small...) a side of his great baked beans, and a coke or 2. I've been all over the country, and was raised in the south (where they make all those redneck pig jokes...) and haven't found better ribs. The dry rub is the perfect amount of spicy for me (mildly spicy for the normal guy), and his homemade bbq sauce goes well with the ribs.He offers 3 different types of ribs: Pork, Baby Back, St Louis style, as well as pulled pork sandwiches which taste pretty good.When you factor in the quality of the food (he doesn't buy cheap shitty meat), and the atmosphere (Romy's one of the nicest store owners I've had the honor of meeting), I can't rate them anything less than 5 stars.Even though I have since moved to Tempe (2 weeks ago), I have already gone back once for his amazing ribs, and will keep going back. IDK, it's kinda like when you find a good barber or hair stylist... you just keep going back. I have for over 2 years now, and will continue to!
4	I really like Romy's ribs as well. I have had it on several occasions and the quality is always consistent. If your going to get some of Romy's great ribs. Go early! He sells out quick!!
4	Good ribs, amazing hot links and service with a smile!
5	I just bought a place here in town and heard about Romy's here on Yelp! As a big fan of BBQ, it was excellent ! I will definitely be going back and Romy's a very personable guy which makes it a great place !
5	Sadly, Romy has decided to call it quits.  He's sold his trailer and is no longer making his awesome BBQ.  Frowns don't do justice here.A terrible loss...
