3	The service lady was spectacular about walking me through the different areas and explaining the different services offered. It was an ok experience. Didn't try any of the tanning products or services. The Full body hydration, was so-so. Didn't seem to hydrate the full body, just the front side as there is no steam for your back and not really a way to turn over halfway through. If you get the Luminous Facial and chair massage the only complaint is that the chair massage is 5 minutes shorter than the facial. Overall, was ok and the prices are very reasonable. The prices are the same as other planet beach locations which is reasonable, but if doing a monthly subscription through them would rather do one where they have more variety in massages offered specifically the aqua massage.
2	They NEED to change their bulbs in the tanning beds. This place was pretty good in price and seemed very clean...that is what got me to sign up for a whole year. I had the highest membership and I barely ever saw a change in color unless I did a mystic tan. Be careful if you do their mystic though, it likes to spit at you more then mist you leaving you with spots and lines running down your legs. If you are looking for the low coast spa experience but don't want any color I would recommend this place. I personally never had to time for all the spa stuff.
3	This place is easy to sign up for and hard to give up because all the other stuff it has, not just tanning. But the tanning is great!The red light therapy is definitely my favorite. Read all the pros of using red light online. Makes you feel refreshed and rejuvenated just getting out of the bed. The hydra bed definitely helps keep your skin from being dry and the slimcapsule I've only tried once and love. The water pressure massage bed is pretty great too, I can get stuck in that place for hours.I've only done the spray tan at the North Scottsdale location on Bell as it has the HD bed and I've had amazing results, no orange color, doesn't fade bad or streak. Way better service than the location off of 59th ave and the 101! If this one was closer to me this is definitely the one I'd be going to or the one in North Scottsdale on Bell.Only complaint at 845pm I asked to use a service that was only 12 minutes long however they asked if I could make an appointment tomorrow as it was too late. As the two girls were sitting with a gentleman who appeared as their friend waiting for them to leave work on the couch chatting it up. If you close at 9 no reason you shouldn't take a service at 845, just my opinion, but that is nice compared to the service at the 59th ave location.
