4	Cute little mom-and-pop gourmet shop near Green Valley -- nice hand-picked selection of cheeses and charcuterie, plus an interesting collection of dry goods (pasta, beans, olive oils) and rows and rows of wine. The folks who run the shop couldn't be sweeter.
5	May be the only place in the valley that carries Jamon Serrano.Not to mention the deliciously perfect artisinal chorizo.I love this place!  Just keep me away from all of the awesome cheese!
5	My boyfriend, his sister, and I were planning to eat at Settebello this past Sunday. We got there a lil bit too early (just before they opened at noon), so we stopped into Valley Cheese & Wine just across the parking lot. My boyfriend was really impressed by their collection of Mollydooker wines. We'll definitely be back for some tastings & to pick up some bottles.
4	I gotta say, this is the first wine store I've walked into in the valley when I was actually excited about what the owner knew. He primarily works with Robert Katcher Selections, and has a great selection of good wines. Best selection of French wine I've seen around here, plus he knows lots about it (diametrically opposite Lee's, whose buyer probably couldn't distinguish a Burgundy from a Bordeaux in a blind test). 50% of the store is French.Unfortunately, they are not aimed toward the value-minded consumer. Upon first glance, I'd say 70% of their selection is over $20 a bottle. Still, a great place to get unusual cheeses and a special bottle (unless you're loaded).
5	Bob and Kristin really know their stuff.  Just about every time we've been into the shop, we've asked for a recommendation for something new and they've never lead us astray.  Excellent selection of wines, cheeses and other delectable snacks.
5	five stars to the owners who really know their stuffs!!! they're really friendly.five stars to their selection of wines!and last but not least to their cheese and dry goodstheir chorizo is soooo good. have u tried their boucheron cheese? the best i've tried in a long time, paired it with their really expensive crackers, i dont remember the name but they're artisan from california!oohhh and buy their truffled honey and pour it on top of brie cheese.ohh that's heaven!
5	This place rocks!  I am glad that I work nearby because otherwise I might not have found it... the parking lot is a bit large and desolate which only adds to the feeling like you have found somewhere special and perhaps unknown by many.  I met Bob, the owner, and he was so helpful and friendly.  He even told me exactly how to use an oil that I purchased from him and showed me some of the cool things he has picked up from around the world that are not for sale.  This place is charming and a great place to find cool and unusual things in commercialized Las Vegas.  Oui, oui!
5	This is my favorite place to shop for wine, cheese and specialty gifts for friends. I subscribe to their newsletter. Kristen and Bob email customers when they have farm-fresh eggs or carrots in, or special cheeses. They also host classes about wine and cheese. One class is on wines under $20 (or something like that). Class sizes are small and they pair wines with delicious meats and cheeses. Shopping here costs me half the time as when I look for wines at Trader Joes or Lees because everything is delicious and you can count on Bob and Kristen for suggestions. We are so lucky to have this shop in Henderson. I suggest dropping in on Fridays or Saturdays between 4 and 7. That's when they have wine tastings.
5	Best wine and cheese shop in the Valley, hands down, thanks to the knowledge and care of the owners, Bob and Kristin. Other local stores might carry bigger selections or beat prices by a dollar or two, but Bob and Kristin will make sure you get the most for your money thanks to their personal recommendations and their desire to get to know each customer and their tastes. Their Thursday wine classes are highly recommended, too, and definitely check out their free tastings on Fridays and Saturdays.
5	Alas, I moved away from the valley over a year ago and I miss Bob and Kristin!!!!!! I only wish I could clone them and spread their copies across to other states/cities/regions to impart their wealth of knowledge on wines, food and beer. Couple that with a passion for all things food and a cool mid-western friendliness....*sigh*. I can't say enough good things about them. Las Vegas is lucky to have two of the most genuine and passionate people about food and wine. Anyone who hasn't visited their shop - much less talked to them asking them for any help.....well, they're just missing out, aren't they?Sure, you can get some of the same stuff elsewhere....but you really miss out on the character and the ambiance here. They are soooooooo nice and will entertain your questions no matter how naive they are. Every week (Fri/Sat), they have wine tastings and they offer monthly classes (sign up early b/c they fill up fast!) on wine - from $20 to $50 per class. Sign up for the email newsletters too - you get the latest offerings from new seasonal wines, cheeses, candies, etc. Want to request something? Or try the latest and greatest cheese? Ask them! They even cut the cheese to your order - I wanted a small sliver just for myself and they had no problem. Want a gift basket for friends and family???? Yup, they do that too. Kristin will hand select items for you (even if you don't know what you want).....but they are SOOOOOOO accommodating and friendly that you don't have to worry about feeling intimidated by their selection.Ride your bike all over town and just need a place to rest? They do that too! I'm serious. I used to ride my bicycle on Saturdays to/from Lake Mead in the sweltering dry heat of the LV summer. On the way back, I'd stop by their shop and they always offered me a glass of water and let me park my bike inside while I shopped. When I moved away, they even recommended places where I could get great cheeses and wines!Send in the clones!!!!!
5	This great little shop is out of the way for most people (located on Horizon Ridge and Valle Verde), but it is definitely the best place to shop for cheeses and cured meats in Las Vegas. The owners are helpful and the selection is vast. They recently added "to go" farm baskets full of organic vegetables so you can get almost everything you need for a dinner right here. Plus, they have wine tasting classes. Be sure to get the artisan zzang chocolate bars. They're fantastic.
5	My Kiwanis club decided to have a Wine Tasting social, and the girl who volunteered to put the event together did a google search and found Valley Cheese & Wine for the location.  Little did she know that she had stumbled upon an amazing gem of a local business in the Vegas area. Please bear with me because this experience is being recalled from over a year ago-I just thought I'd Yelp about it because it is the reason I keep going back to this store! About twelve people from our club RSVP'd and showed up for the event.  We had a private wine tasting class in the back room-Intro to Wine Tasting or something like that.  Bob was very friendly and unpretentious which is important because some people like to be Wine Snobs which is a total turn-off. He started off talking about various kinds of glassware and how it affects flavor of the wine-demonstrating this to us with a sparkling wine in two different glasses. We journeyed from sparkling white wine all the way through the reds and ended with a dessert wine.  We also got to try some amazing cheeses and meats, and olives that were to DIE for (lucques, I believe?).  In the end we received a discount on our purchases from the evening (EVERYTHING WE TASTED!) and I also bought some international treats from the shelf.   The shop had a great selection of treats from all over the world, and it reminded me of a locally owned Trader Joes-without the crazy nazi vegan hipsters running the place.  (I can't impress how friendly and NORMAL everyone in the shop is!)I also signed up for the newsletter which comes regularly.  They have frequent events and tasting classes you can sign up for-and the newsletter educates you a little on new products in the shop or upcoming events.  They also save your purchase history so you can buy the same or similar wines when you come back.  I also like that I can describe a wine and Bob or his wife can ask you some smart questions to recommend a similar wine-and sometimes it is better than the one you were trying to get!Support local businesses-they need our help, especially in this economy! :)  Valley Cheese & Wine is definitely worth the trip!
5	This specialty wine and cheese shop is everything it should be.  I have never been when the owners weren't working, and they know their craft!  You can walk in and browse the wine selection (they have everything from $13 bottles on up the ladder) or you can come in saying I'd like to find something to go with "this" meal, or what kind of cheeses best compliment a Hefeweizen and they will know.  And I mean they KNOW, it's not guessing, it is a wealth of knowledge and a love of the craft of small family run cheesemongers and an amazing taste for wines to pair (they also offer beer to if you're not in the wine mood).  The best part, you tell them your price range for the wine and they will meet it.The cheese isn't cheap.  They come from family farms, and the owners know all there is to know about how each cheese was made.  It is well worth it to buy 75% less than you would in the grocery store because you get 500% more flavor out of each bite!  When requesting cheeses for pairing (or just to munch on) the owners ask what you're wanting and give you tastes of everything then they modify what they offer you based on your tastes.The amazing cheeses paired with a bottle of wine and some good bread makes an evening of staying in watching a movie feel like a relaxed deluxe catered event.
5	I'm having a Christmas party and I love a good cheese plate.  Instead of just going to Costco and buying cheeses like I usually do I knew I had to check this place out.  The experience was exactly what I was hoping it would be.  I was helped out right away by Bob and asked what I liked.  I told him about a few cheeses I enjoyed and what I was going for with my spread and he picked out some amazing selections for me to taste.  It was a great experience and he knew exactly what kinds to put in front of me.  As other people have said, it was a little expensive but well worth it for the quality of the cheese.  They also have Quince Paste!  Why wouldn't they?  Will definitely return for more cheese!
5	In addition to cheese and wine: truffle salami, locally roasted coffee beans, Zzang candy bars, best nougats in town, handmade jewelry.
5	French wine, check.  Best cheese selection I've found so far in LV, check. The value here is in the quality of the selections.  If I can hone it down to one visit a week and be selective, I won't break the bank!
5	This is the best wine shop in las vegas.  This is my first review on yelp and I wanted to make it for my favorite place.  The owners are a husband wife team who are the nicest people you could hope to meet.  They always answer my questions with kindness.  The bottles are delicious whether I spend $10 or $100.  Lots of wine I don't see in other stores, great French selection.  Check it out.
2	I am conflicted about writing this review as a small business owner myself and the fact that the owners are clearly nice people. So...cut to the chase....the wine prices here are ridiculous. I noted two wines to check later for a pricing comparison-both well known- a white and a red....one was $24 and the other $42....the markup was 50% over RETAIL pricing of two stores I know in California.... 50%....ABOVE RETAIL...Then I looked for pricing on the bottle I bought and it was marked up 100%....ABOVE THE GOING RETAIL RATE....in these tough economic times that is almost unconscionable...The wine selection here is random at best...one yelper posted that they have "a great French wine selection"....that made me laugh...better than Albertson's not as good as Trader Joe's....I guess GREAT is relative... I walked to the cheese section and saw one was marked at roughly $42 per pound...really....$42 per pound... But hey they do have a cool selection of spices, honey and imported chocolates....
4	Valley cheese & wine is simply a wonderful place for a delicious cheese and wine. To start with, you get what you pay for and in this instance sometimes pay less for a great product  I've been to several places with cheeses and wine and yes the mark-up is very high for this business but pick and choose the battles. I enjoy this place, and willing to splurge a little for some good cheese once in a while.I ended up getting three different types of cheeses for $12 yes small sizes but its mostly for a nice cheese plate tasting. I highly recommend trying the bouchon tasty and leaves the palate wanting more. I also got a bundle of chocolates from 7 different countries for only $8 because they were each bite size to see which chocolate is preferred--- the one from me was the one from madagascar! (Did I mention they were delicious dark chocolates! yum)I didn't get any wine this time because there wasn't a huge selection of wine but a few good bottles with a high price tag that was out of my budget.Now, onto the customer service and location--- customer service was amazing, very helpful husband and wife duo and great knowledge of the products. The location can easily be missed if not paying attention, so keep those eyes sharp or you'll miss a great find in vegas.
5	Thinking Vegas doesn't have it's own gourmet shop, it's own "Dean & Deluca"?  Well, Valley Cheese and Wine is where it's at.  Bob offers a great array of gourmet items, all carefully selected by him and of extremely high quality.  The shop features many wines from around the world, a broad assortment of cheeses and charcuterie, beer, bubbles, water and much more.  He offers tastings and classes and is very into what he does.  He's knowledgeable and engaging and worth a visit.  Surely you'll find more than one great item to make your trip there worthwhile and I bet you go back!
5	This place is exactly what Vegas needs more of family owned and operated delicacy stores.The couple that runs this store are really pleasant to talk to and remember you when you come back, the cheese selection is amazing we make a cheese plate at least once a month from there vast selection of all kinds of cheese,and meats like smoked duck breast and awesome prosciutto they have lots of wine and also little goodies on the back wall and front counter make this one of our favorite places to go to..
5	Amazing inventory and knowledge base... Bob does this community a great service and we should all be patrons of these dying breeds.  What a treat, especially for an impromtu high end picnic!!
5	My boyfriend and I took a class there last week and we really enjoyed ourselves!  The class was fun, informative, they had a fantastic selection of wines, the hors d'oeuvres were excellent and all of the employees were very nice.  We will go back again!
5	The owners are amazing!! They will give you samples, make recommendations and are very friendly. The cheese selection is out of this world, the meat selection is smaller but they carry rare finds.
5	This place is like a candy store for adults. There were SO many yummy things I didn't know where to start. I scored some Robiola due Latte, MT Tam from Cowgirl Creamery, Vermont Cultured Butter, some single source honey and some blueberry jam. My boyfriend got some sparkling blood orange juice, Taza Cinnamon Chocolate Mexicano, RJ's licorice and Henry Weinhard's root beer. I think he was especially pleased at finding the root beer and after tasting some later that evening I think I was too.The owner was very pleasant and asked us if we needed any help. He also explained how all the products were arranged in the store. Since I was immediately drawn to the cheese case I mostly knew what I wanted. After picking out my Robiola, I asked if he could recommend a good semi-soft American cheese. The MT Tam he had us try was buttery and creamy and went straight into my shopping basket.The only downfall is that this business is also very FAR away from my house. That seems to be a theme with all the awesome food places I find. It gets extra kudos for being across the parking lot from Shabu Shabu Paradise. I was also very intrigued about the wine tasting classes they offer.
5	Last year, April 8 2010, I attended a class "A trip through France".  It was wonderful!It was a fascninating way to share the different regions of France, why the weather (hotter, wetter, moister, etc) has its effect on what wines grow in certain regions versus others, and paired each that we tasted with a complimenting cheese or meat (prosciuttio, etc).  Soooo tasty!It was lovely, and I ended up buying a couple of bottles of some of the wine I tried.  Super nice people who taught the class, and met some nice folks...along with a great evening out with my sister and good friend!
4	Every visit to Valley Cheese & Wine is an educational one. And I always get to try a new cheese or pate! The owners are always helpful, guiding us to what we are looking for or something new. I recently attended one of the Thursday classes (California Wines) and before I left I ended up registering for the next one. The class is held in their back room. They serve a selection of meats, cheeses and bread to accompany the wines. There were only 4 others in the class besides me &  BF - all of us at different levels of wine knowledge. The owner was excellent at keeping up with our totally random & off topic conversations & questions. I look forward to the next class and many more trips to Valley Cheese & Wine.
4	This place rocks, the owners are super knowledgable, and friendly, and the thursday wine class is a blast...You are a doinker if you do not support this local business
2	As someone who is just newly trying to get into cheese, I wanted to come here to pick up some charcuterie and cheese to go along with it. This is a fairly large store, with a large selection of wines, as their name suggests. However, their cheese selection didn't seem as vast, nor their cured meats, which was a bit of disappointment. A few of us still decided to give it a go and browsed a around until the SA was done with his current customer. He seemed to be extremely helpful and friendly while talking to her so we continued to wait. When it came our turn, he wasn't quite as friendly, not that he was rude, but he didn't go that extra mile with us as he had with the previous customer. We asked for some suggestions for soft cheeses, and he had one that turned out to be pretty good. What I didn't like was when we asked for a sample, he just smeared some onto a wax paper and we were basically forced to lick it off the paper, and there were 4 of us sampling it. There has to be another way for sampling soft cheese.We also purchased some cured meat, which was on the pricier side. Our friend had the bresaola and it had a strange taste. It had a strong mineral taste and it wasn't the right texture. I'm sure this place is great for wines, but their selection of cured meats and cheese didn't have as great of a variety and was overpriced. Maybe if I become more cultured in wine I'll be able to appreciate this mom and pop shop more, but until then, I will try to find another place for the charcuterie.
4	I have only been here about 4 times and have loved everything I've bought. The first 3 times I came for some specialty Tuscano Salami. I actually went to Branded down the way first and they only carried Boars Head. They recommended this place to me. The guy at Valley said the Tuscano was one of the best and he was right! This stuff is more than worth the $30 a lb price tag. My mother-in-law came to visit over New Years and we got some goat cheese for her. My family doesn't eat it but she said is was fab. It is a great little business and I hope they do well. I'd recommend them to anyone looking for specialty and luxury food.
4	I am a self proclaimed cheese addict. Brie, Gouda, Bleu, Havarti, Feta, Mozzarella, Roquefort, you get the picture. There is nothing more simplisitic and delicious than a good cheese board and a glass of wine. This is definitely a place to check out if you are looking for imported cheese, I took home home some Holland Gouda, Valdeon from Spain, Truffled Gouda from Holland and I saw many other regions available. They do offer small samples of cheese by request. They also have a small "grovery" store as well to purchase items such as specialty olive oil, vinegar, mustards and what not to compliment your purchase. Several wines from different regions, but I can't say I was a huge fan of the wine sections. I ended up taking home a bottle of Sancerre, wasn't the best I've had, only wine I liked was Rombauer. I signed up for the email list to possibly join a wine class they offer on Thursdays. I can't quite give this place a full 5 stars as the prices were expensive, bought a box of ginger cookies, $5.99 for a box of 9, and honey chews were $6. Also like I said, didn't love the wine selection. I'd come back to try some more cheese though.
4	My first time at Valley Cheese & Wine and I loved it!!!  My friends are frequent customers and they attend the wine classes held every Thursday night so I decided to attend one myself.  The owner taught the class giving us samples of a large selection of white wines from around the world while also providing 3 different cheeses, and a selection of meats and breads.  If you take the class you get 20% off of your purchases......score!  I went a little crazy and bought a few different cheeses, a bottle of wine and some yummy candy. I love love love goat cheese and the selection they have is to die for!  I basically went into cheese coma after I left. Prices are very reasonable and I cant wait to go back!
5	One of the best places in the Valley, forget Henderson!  We are big fans of Valley Cheese and Wine, and have been shopping here for years.  You will get nothing but the best service.  They are very knowledgeable of their entire inventory, and are always ready to give you a sample of cheese or a meat you are interested in.  What I really like is the selection, it's not the typical charcuterie or wines that you get in other stores in the Valley.  Everything has a place, there is no filler.  It's all quality, from the most expensive iberico ham to the various types of crackers.  Not only is the selection and service great, it's simply a fun place to be.  Just walking around and looking at all of the products is great.  I highly recommend you hit up Valley Cheese and Wine, and grab some truffle salt while you are there.  You'll thank me the next time you cook steaks...
3	Cute shop with a small selection of cheeses. I guess when I'm used to going to Whole Foods where they have a lot more inventory. The owners were open to helping us find a wine but I didn't want to engage that day. We bought two 1/4 lbs slices of cheese and spent about $20. I had a little sticker shock but I guess we picked the good stuff ;)They invited us to come back for a wine tasting. I might go someday. It's great if this shop is in your neck of the woods. Otherwise it's a pretty standard wine shop that carries some cheese, meats, oils and sauces.
4	Went looking for a good recommendation on blue cheese...walked out with a great, smooth, creamy, not too sharp blue from Italy.  Was also seeking some feta. Although they don't carry any, the gentleman that helped me was able to point me in the right direction.
4	Such a fun experience! A group of us from work did the wine and cheese pairing class as a team event and so much fun.  The couple that runs the store super sweet.  The cheese was amazing, the pistachio and mustard seed were my favorite.  The Mothers Milk Shiraz was my favorite wine. All very delicious and tasty! As we had our class Bob answered all of our questions great and we learned a ton.  The presentation was good.  I like that afterwards they gave us plenty of time to just enjoy the leftovers and continue chatting, laughing and overall just have a good time with no pressure to leave.A few of us left with our favorite cheese.  A few groups from work have done this and so glad we did. Their recommendation was a good one! We had a blast!  Cheese and Wine may become a regular meal for me.
4	Have been here recently for wine tasting classes.  I don't know a lot about wine but I'm sure learning.  I've been to the Spain and Big Reds of California classes.  They serve prosciutto,  and who doesn't love that?, and other assorted meats.    The cheeses are to die for.   Marketing at its best...We've bought some fantastic cheese and wine there.  Being the ameuturs that we are we learned about temperature,  storage, it's okay to mix red meat and visa versa, and yes, aerating the wine really does make a difference.  Looking forward to our next class.
