5	Management is wonderful here, taking care of our needs and being courtious at the same time. They let us use their truck to move our stuff into storage and when we were late bringing it back the guy was VERY understanding and did not make us pay the full overage charge.
5	They are super friendly here and have great customer service.  I cannot recommend this place more highly.  I go there for mail all the time and a friend of mine uses their storage facility.  He says they have reasonable prices and are very attentive to his needs.
5	I have been using Store More Self Storage services for seven months now. They have committed to 100% percent client satisfaction and I recommend them highly. Very friendly customer service and willing to go the extra mile for their customers. Please check them out!!!
5	We needed to pack up and store an entire house on fairly short notice, and after checking with a number of storage businesses in the Peoria/Glendale area, Store More was easily the best value.  If the value wasn't enough, the people there - especially Tanner - were incredibly helpful and accomodating.  Going out of their way multiple times, they made a difficult task as easy as possible and even made it a little enjoyable at times.  I don't do reviews very often, so it takes something special to give a positive one - and this place is indeed special, and so are the people there.  Kudos, and thanks, Tanner!
5	Top notch service.  Clean and very polite. Reasonable prices.  Much better than U-Haul...they are way over priced.
5	Very friendly and helpful service. Manager Linda was great in my time of need. The whole place is spotless and nice and cool in this heat. The prices are affordable and worth it for the service you get. There is no trace of bugs or even dirt. Would recommend any time.
5	This is a great place. The employees are very friendly and very helpful. Kudos to Amy for all her help when I came in looking for a storage unit. I highly recommend this place!
3	The price is pretty amazing for storage. The staff are friendly and helpful. I really love how there is an alarm on your storage unit that is activated and deactivated by you inputting your code at the gate.  Makes me feel like my stuff is really secure.  The only bad thing about this place is they don't have mirrors up on the corners so when you are driving around the buildings you need to make sure you are going extra slow.
4	We had to rent a Uhaul, and this location was able to accommodate us with very short notice.  The establishment was clean, and the staff was very friendly, polite and helpful. Just a tip: if you rent a Uhaul, they will put a "hold" on your credit/debit card for the estimated usage of the vehicle although the staff may say that they don't "charge" you until the vehicle is returned.  Also, if you buy "Uhaul" boxes there and try to return them, you will have'to go to a "Uhaul" location to get your money back. Other than that, I am pleased and will use them again if needed.
5	I really like this storage place. Clean facilities. Nice and cool which is important in AZ. Employees are friendly. Wish the hours are longer but they will give you extended hours if needed. Nothing sketchy at all here which is important. Their insurance is reasonable too.
4	Storage facilities may seem pretty generic, but there are certain features that can really make one stand out -- and this particular Store More! location has them:  Cleanliness, Friendliness, Convenience.The hours are fairly standard (open till 7pm) and the in / out tracking is also standard security.  There is a great selection of moving supplies for sale at VERY reasonable prices, plus UHAUL rental -- making this pretty much a one-stop-shop.Jennifer is a joy to work with and stepped me through the rental process with ease and smiles.  The unit I'm renting is on the second floor -- and the elevator access is quick and easy with the supplied carts.  The facility is always kept at a comfortable working temperature.  Check it out!.
