5	I am leaving in Las Vegas more than 3 year and 1 one reason I moved in this town, because Las Vegas have Best High End  shopping centers in USA, recently I had amazing deal with High designer clothing.Unusually high end looking store, it looks like an expensive boutique, but not like typical consignment store. Closet Couture is well organized and clean, beautiful exquisite inventory, but not too much. I saved a lot of money shopping there. The owner is very nice too. I highly recommend to stop by for "a smart shopping" experience. I have bought a beautiful Roberto Cavalli dress there for a great price. I am planning come back next week over there and make more purchases, it is AMAZING deals , you are hearing  this from person who is nick name "Shopaholic" !!!If you love shopping like me you should visit this store , you will not disappointment , I promise to you !!!
5	Natasha Young has created an amazing shopping EXPERIENCE in her funky little boutique in China Town adjacent. Nowhere else would I have received the personalized service that Natasha provides each customer. She has an amazing inventory of gorgeous pieces of clothing and accessories that would cost a fortune elsewhere. I am now the proud owner of two Cavalli dresses and one Pucci dress.  So fun to wear these designer pieces when only I know I paid less than I would for a dress at Banana Republic!
5	The only and real high-end Boutique in Las Vegas where fashion show quality meets off the strip pricing. Care to look sexier in the classiest way possible, and save series $$$$ for that other item that you want? Start shopping the latest styles of fashion at Closet Couture. And you will have the best shopping experience at CC. The owner who is a local celebrity in Las Vegas comes with decades of immense knowledge in the fashion world will dress you the best you deserve while you are sipping a glass of your favorite wine and trying on new dresses. Best experience ever! Thank you for making my shopping experience unmatchable.
5	I came here to get my girlfriend a nice designer handbag.  We're a little too budget conscious to pay retail and this seemed like the perfect place to get the bag I wanted for her at a good price.  Little did I know, I wound up leaving with a bag, a dress, and an amazing pair of shoes within the budget I set up for a bag.  Natasha is amazing and was extremely helpful and was willing to give input on all my purchases.  It was so much better than shopping on the Strip.  I got personal service, great products, and complete honesty for an amazing price.  I'll come here every chance I get in the future. Closet Couture is an amazing alternative to paying full price.  It may be my new favorite store for nice things at a discount.
5	The first time I ever purchased from a consignment shop, was almost my last.  I bought a few less than great pieces from other stores. I was happily surprised to find REAL high-end couture clothing from this shop. I've loved everything I've purchased, the staff was lovely. Thank you, Natasha for helping me choose just the right pieces for my wardrobe. Will come back again and again..... Especially for the designer purse collection.
5	I was pleasantly surprised to discover this wonderul store. What a great variety of beautiful clothes, shoes, accessories, bags, that cost just a fraction of what it would cost in retail stores. Natasha stays on the top of recent trends in fasion industry and can be a great source in creating a fresh image for her customers. I would highly recommend Closet Couture, as my experience here was amazing. Please, stop by and see for yourself!
