5	Great buffalo wings and pizza. Also seen some great subs come out on true Italian hoggie rolls. If your from Buffalo come and support a new local business.
5	Amazing pizza with a lot of toppings to choose from. Their buffalo chicken wings are big and crispy. Chicken fingers are saucy and so good (especially chicken finger sub!) white pizza is the BEST in town and beef on weck is very tasty and juicy on traditional Kennewick bun. You have to check this place out- I'm telling you the best food in town!
1	This place was awful. Bottom of the pie was burnt. Sauce and cheese had no flavor. Tasted like I was eating nothing. Will give them a couple of weeks to get their act together, then try them again. First impression: not impressed at all.
4	I went to this restaurant for the first time and ordered one of their lunch specials (two pizza slices and a soda). The pizza was tasty -- particularly the crust -- and the prices are quite reasonable. Also, the family that runs the place seems to really care about the customer experience and about creating quality food. I'll definitely go again.
3	Yes! I finally beat those 2 or so Yelpers in the area who always completes their reviews before me.  (3.5 Star) La Bocce Pizzeria is a new pizza spot that just opened up a couple weeks ago.  I noticed a new sign passing by one day and decided to stop by the next.  I never made it to Bono's which held this location before but I will always try a place if it seems new.  First off these guys are pretty damn cool, I walked in actually way pass their 9:30 pm closing time, which I didn't know at the time, and they were cool with making me something.  I asked for what's the fastest meal they could make because I was hungry and low on time, plus they were closed.  They suggested and made my chicken tenders and fries, it come out hot and quick. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-bocce-las-vegas?select=tqgS_vbqf4KopA3S8DNfLQ#7_p9tfUuZXIG9WhjGQQsQA  The servings were good, my container literally spilled out because there was a lot of food inside.  The chicken tenders were alright.  I did finish the plate and felt happy, first meal of the day. They have lots of lunch specials which run 'til 4 pm.  I haven't tried anything else on their menu yet but the calzones already has my name on it for the next time.  It's only $6.75 calzone and soda for lunch.  They have pizza by the slice and desserts. They also have your subs, salads, apps, and pizza and pasta items.  Expect an updated as I'll probably frequent this place and try more food. It's new so of course it's clean.  It's a neighborhood type, casual dining restaurant so it's not fancy or upscale.  They have an old pay phone, which doesn't work yet, always cool.  A big TV hung and lots of seating also cool.  No liquor yet but there's a PT's right next door. How about running some kind of special during or around PT's happy hours that would be awesome. After ordering I talked with one of the owners 'til the food was ready and he was cool.  I received awesome service which always makes up for anything in my book.  These guys are from Buffalo, NY as you'll see the Buffalo Sabres jersey hung on the wall. It's always a pleasure talking with new business owners and sharing their experiences of being new and what they want to do with the business. I wish them all the luck.  5 stars rating for service, excellent first impression.  The neutral 3 star rating for food because I have to try more but liking their menu so maybe it's going to be higher soon.  It averages out to 3.5 stars for me, technically its 4.
4	Great food, they really go the extra mile to make you feel special and will even consider preparing meals not on their menu..check it out..Bryant
4	Went with a group that were born in Buffalo and had a great time talking to the owners and sampling a lot of the food.  The Onion Petals were very tasty and a good starter while we waited.  The "Royal" sub was very good and very different.  My friends really enjoyed this sub from Buffalo.  The meatball sub was tasty on its tasted roll and the this was very good too. The owner had just gotten some fresh chicken wings in and they were some of the best I have had in a long time.  They have only been open a few weeks, in this old Bono's location, but the food in right on for at casual lunch or dinner.  My friends from Buffalo said this really brought back some great food memories of their home town.  Stop by and give them a try.
5	This was my first time eating at La Bocce. Went here for lunch. My husband and I shared the pizza lunch special and the pastrami sub. The portions are huge! We took home half of the sandwich and we both extremely full! The pizza was wonderful! The crust was crunchy on the bottom and soft in the middle just how I like it and it had plenty of cheese and pepperoni. The pastrami was crisp on the edges and the sub roll was also great. Tasted like it was just baked! They were also soooo friendly! They made us feel so welcome. This is my new favorite place and will definitely be back!
4	We order here from work quite a bit. They are always friendly and never make you feel rushed when calling in an order. Delivery is always fast and food fresh. I love their garden salad, it's perfect for lunch. The toppings are typical, it's the freshness that makes it stand out. Everything is crispy and bright. I appreciate that because most places I end up throwing away half the salad because it's soggy and wet feeling. I also like the chicken fingers and fries. Regarding the pizza, it's very good. Perhaps the sauce is a skosh bland. But the crust is perfect, chewy where it needs to be, crisp on the bottom.  Will definitely continue to give La Bocce my business.
5	For  a moment you walk back into Buffalo with amazing tastes and smells! The chicken finger sub and BBQ wings were delicious and crispy!! A must for all Buffalonians!
5	Great pizza and subs. 4 year old niece couldn't get enough of the cheese pizza which is far from her norm. Chicken Parm Sub was hug and great. Tasty toasted bread. Plenty of chicken and amazing sauce. Service was prompt and great. Very "Mom and Pop". Lots of regulars whom all the workers and owners new by name and by order.  Very impressed. Sad I don't live in Vegas anymore. Will stop by when in town. Highly recommend.
5	One of the best pizzas I've had the last 20 years in Las Vegas. Great subs as well. As a Buffalo pizza guy that now lives here there is no where else to get a great pizza .
5	It has been a while to find Pizza that is worth eating. Thanks to a coworker and my fellow yelpers this place is Really Good. We called the order in and then went and picked it up. The Owner was so nice to talk to and so grateful in how we heard about him to come in. We ordered a large Pepperoni pizza and two Chicken Parmesan sandwiches. I have to say first everything is huge!! We ended up with not only dinner food but, breakfast and dinner for the next night..The sauce to the pizza is so flavorful it just had your taste buds wanting more!! The crust is between a thin and thick which was perfect. One slice was like you were eating two slices. The Chicken Parm subs were good. Lots of sauce, cheese and breaded chicken and it was put on a sesame seed sub bread. We will be back to try more on the menu. They have a variety of subs, wings, pizza and a white pizza and dessert.They do delivery as well as they have nice tables and chairs with a tv to eat there. They are open 7 days a week. M-f 9:30am to 8:30pm, sat 11am to 8:30pm and Sun 9:30am to 6pm..
5	Amazing- tiny place- but delicious food!If you are from NY you know what real pizza is- and this place has awesome pizza!The chicken fingers are great as well. Cant wait to go back-
5	The owner Jenn delivered our pizza and was really nice. Pizza was great size and tasted amazing. New York style slices with a good sauce. Would order again.
4	Found this place on our way to return our our rental car (very convenient to airport). We were cheerfully greeted by the owners as soon as we walked in. We ordered the mozzarella sticks, cheese pizza and a caprese salad. Everything was great. The pizza crust seemed homemade and the mozzarella sticks were nice and melty and not rubbery or chewy. The salad was fresh with a good amount of mozzarella, and came with separate cups of oil and vinegar. Lots of Buffalo memorabilia on the walls. Cute little place with friendly staff and good food.
4	Any place that has a Mortal Kombat Arcade in Free Play mode is alright in my book.  The pizza is good too!
5	The Assorted Italian sub is absolutely outstanding. I've eaten here on two occasions and the sandwich was perfect both times.  Warm, crispy bread and tasty meats; it's a great sub. The owner even opened early to make my lunch today.  Can't ask for much more than that!
5	Their pizza is really good -- my favorite in Las Vegas, actually. The crust is amazing and it always comes hot and fresh. Their subs are also good (the ones that I've had, at least). Best of all, the family that owns La Bocce is friendly and they make you feel like old friends when you're there. Oh yeah, and there are a lot of Buffalo-themed decorations that give the place the feel of that old pizzeria down the street back East.
4	There's alot to like about La Bocce. It's super close to the rental car center. It's got a Mortal Kombat arcade machine (free play). It's got the ambiance of a back-east pizza joint, complete with mob movie characters on the wall. It's clean, the owners are usually around. And it's got pretty good pizza. They nailed the crust, it's thin, crunchy and legit. The cheese is solid. But there's something in the sauce that doesn't quite jive with the usual taste profile. This is nit picking tho if you get off the plane, get your rental car, and want a quick slice, you aren't going to do better than La Bocce.
4	I check this place out today I like the pepperoni pizza they have its very good I also tried the fish fry they have thats the 1 thats not so good so go check this place  if you want great Buffalo Pizza , but for great beer batter fish fry go somewhere else
4	Finally I've found a sub shop that his a big menu and good food!  The chicken finger sub is the best I've had on this side of the Mississippi. Just the right amount of crunch to the sub role and perfectly breaded juicy chicken. Just can't beat it
5	When I seen on facebook that a new halal restaurant had opened, I had to check it out. Turns out that the owner is an owner of another previous restaurant on the other side of town. Improved big time from the last time I went to his previous restaurant.  I got a philly cheesesteak.. it was very nice.. very quick in making.. I will definitely eat here again.. I did not try anything else.. but the philly cheesesteak is worth trying for sure.
3	A little on the expensive side but they have great pepperoni pizza. Close to where my roommate works and the freeway so its definitely convenient. Only thing that bothered me was both times I have gone there is always a group of women standing around outside... Makes you wonder.
1	Honestly bummed. Read the great reviews and ordered delivery. But it's been over two hours and it's not here. When I called they never answered. Looks like I don't get to try the delicious pizza. :(
5	Great wings and pizza. Yea it costs more than the crappy places like Little Ceasars but hey- better quality.  And the staff is super nice.
4	So we ordered pizza and wings both were tasty. We had our food delivered, they said 45 minutes and the food got here in a little less then 45 minutes! The driver was kind and polite. We will order from here again.
5	We really love this place! So much that we're sitting in the restaurant writing this review. They have great by the slice lunch specials that are available Mon-Fri but we're offered to us even though it's Saturday. They also have a full menu full of delicious things and a specials board. We got a few slices, BBQ wings, chicken fingers and the Gouda Mac and Cheese Bites. We are there are everything was so delicious and both men there (owners I believe) were so incredibly nice and friendly. The pizza is slightly sweet and the crust is just crispy enough! BEST PART...they deliver! So happy to have finally found this place!!!
5	Great place love the phillies cheese.
4	We really loved everything here. Our server was very polite and made great recommendations. We had the Philly cheese and grilled chicken sub. The "full" subs are huge and were delicious! Everything was very fresh! Nice to know there is a halal pizza and sub place near the airport! Will defiantly recommend/return.Ask for their off the menu spicy falafel. Very Spicy  and delicious.There website says "a bucket" of wings is 50 wings. On our take out order of "1/2 bucket" we only got 13 wings. The wings were tiny but tasty.
5	I go here about once a week!Love the lunch specials. The owners are very involved, I wish them well. Will continue to eat my lunch here.
5	Very good food! The owner and employees are very generous. Simple yet nice environment. Definitely recommend this place.
