4	I've been to other Hickory Taverns and this one has the same food, nothing different here, just above average bar food. I do like the Tavern Chips. The cool thing here is the location and it appears that the walls are nothing but TVs. TVs are everywhere!!!!!!
4	This newly-opened Hickory Tavern at the Met is filled with TVs! The TVs are laid out really well for watching a bunch of games or just the one you want. It should be easy to get the game on that you want. The beer list is expansive and full of new arrivals. I love that. The staff may necessarily not be beer lovers but they can help a little. Always plenty of drink specials during the week worth checking out. Pretty nice prices on drinks too.I'd definitely recommend this location for a Saturday full of hoops or March Madness when it comes.- valet available
4	Good place to catch a game - very loud, lots of TVs blaring over the conversation. Pretty good lunch. Parking stinks unless you valet.
4	Another Hickory Tavern location, this time at the MET.  As with all the Tavern locations the decor is much the same.  Full of TVs, nice sized bar with wood accents and mostly tables in lieu of booths.  For the record, I'll always prefer a booth!The food seemed consistent with the other locations as well but the beer list is always the reason to come here.  Massive selection and always cold.  The service was nice and friendly, although the order kinda got screwed up because maybe there was more tableside chatter than actually paying attention to what was being ordered.  Nothing too serious though and nothing too drastic.Downside to this site though is the parking situation.  I think they may have a valet otherwise you are going to probably have to park in the parking garage across the street.  Good luck with that.
4	First visit to the new Hickory Tavern since they moved to this location.  The atmosphere is much more hip as apposed to bar-fly-ish as it had been.  Very impressed with the ample menu and, of course the HUGE beer selection!
4	Great food, we had a turkey wrap and the buffalo chicken tacos.  Tavern chips are awesome, would try them as an appetizer next time.
2	I had never been to any of the Hickory Tavern locations but had heard good things.  Since I was entertaining an out of town guest I decided to try the Metropolitan location.  My first impression was under-whelming.  The decor, even for a sports bar was nothing special despite the high rent location.  The service was overly friendly.  The server sat at the table with us on several occassions which I find annoying especially when trying to enjoy the compnay of my guest, not the wait staff.  The food was also unremarkable.  I had the fish tacos which were acceptable but my guest had the blue cheese hamburger.  He remarked that the beef was over seasoned and over cooked.  The blue cheese was crumbled and concentrated in the middle of the burger.  You could visably see him choking it down.  Now the beer was cold and I always appreciate a good selection.  If I ever return, it will be for the beer not the food.
4	I went having never heard of the Hickory Tavern. I sat at the bar - all the bartenders were very friendly. I ordered the shrimp tacos based on feedback from one of the bartenders. They have a great on tap beer selection. I would go back if I were in this area. The food was good, beer was good and prices very reasonable.
4	I like the location.  It's an affordable dine-in option at the MET (affordable comparing to Dressler and Vivace...).  I can keep my $$ and still enjoy the patio and the view (and the jazz music if there's a concert happening)I particularly enjoy the fact that they offer half portion on appetizers and a la carte on the tacos.  The half nacho was plenty big, for $5. Sold!  Their small tavern salad (also $5) was filling too, and I had mine with the cucumber wasabi dressing, which defintely has a kick to it.  The lobster salad side I added was a little too salty (crazy statement coming from me) and not sure if it's worth $6.  Next time I'll pair my small salad with a shrimp taco or something.  Plenty of TV for the sports addicts.  Decent beer specials ($3 or $4 pint of Shocktop, or was it Blue Moon... getting old, I can't remember much) .  The space inside actually isn't that big, but they have a nice private room that I think is great for a special gathering.  Definitely a great weekend hang out during the day when the weather is nice!
3	HUGE bar at an awesome location.  Go shopping and then pop in for lunch.  There is a nice patio area or huge restaurant to choose from.  They have a lot of regular beer - none of my favorites tho.  I have had great salads here - and service has always been excellent.  This will be a great place to watch the game in the fall - TVs are everywhere and it is a fun sporty atmosphere.  Really reasonable prices and drink specials.  This is a great addition to the Met!
3	Oh Hickory Tavern I have such mixed feelings about you! Had a chance last week to visit this location at the Metropolitan. Great location, nice outdoor area, jammed packed (it was a Thursday night). We started our night inside while waiting for a table to open up outside. The food was good and the beers were cold. The service, however, was bad. Our waitress, Rachel, acted like she could have cared less about us. No smiles, no friendly small talk, barely any service at all. She treated us like we were a hassle. When we finally got our table outside she explained to the other waiter that she was too busy with a big table to keep helping us. Thanks, thanks a lot. Let me say this, I'm huge on service!! Food & atmosphere can be incredible but if the service sucks, it will ruin the experience. I'm just hoping she was having a bad night but it still doesn't excuse the action or lack there of.
4	I eat here 3-4 times a month, always great service, great food.  I have not ordered a bad thing yet.  My only complaint is the sandwiches are usually wet on the bottom.  I can overlook that based on the whole package.  Can get very loud when busy....poor acoustics.  Lots of TVs to see your favorite channel.  I will continue to come here.
4	How can you go wrong with Hickory Tavern? Just don't get the Tennessee Lemondae, unless you like weak drinks.
4	Came here to watch the Sunday Football games and the place did not disappoint!  It's a bit overwhelming having all the games on simultaneously and avid football fans hooting and hollering whenever their team does well.  Managed to snag a large table (there were 8 of us) and our server was awesome.  She did bring out the wrong food order, but I attribute it to the loudness of the room and how crazy busy they were.  I ended up taking the food "for the team" and it wasn't bad.  Actually I ordered chicken fingers (buffalo) but the mixed up order landed me with buffalo chicken tacos - which were good.  A bit healthier than I wanted to go that day, but I need all the help I can get.This location has a great patio/outdoor space that looks out onto Sugar Creek and also the downtown skyline.Probably the only negative I could slightly attribute to this place is the crazy parking deck it shares with the Midtown stores (Trader Joes, BestBuy, etc).  I think there must be a time warp where everyone starts making bad judgement calls once they drive into this parking structure.
5	Great addition to the Met! But watch out for game days/if they have live entertainment, it's very busy and loud. Good food and service. My family eats here a lot, one of our favorite restaurants.
3	Great Wings & Fresh Raw Oysters with a great view of Uptown & greenway. This Location has less amenities than it's Sibling locations. i.e.: sans pool table, less TV Screens & a surprisingly smaller Draft and Beer Selection. Good Service and ample outside seating will have me coming back!
5	Great food and drinks.  I have dined at Hickory Tavern for years now.  I think I've been to just about every location in the charlotte area...they're all great!
3	This location of Hickory Tavern gets an extra star purely for the outdoor seating.  This is a great place to enjoy dining on the patio!  The view of our fair city is great!!As for food, it's ok.  I have never had anything that blew me away, but I've never been disappointed, either.  I enjoy their "build your own" salad menu, and the sandwiches and burgers are good.  The bigger draw here is the walls that are plastered with TV's, so, it's a bar scene.  At this location it's a trendy crowd.  The wait-staff was really good.  I very much enjoyed our waitress on my most recent visit.This is a good place to meet friends after work.. and don't forget to take in that view!
2	I came a few months back and was completely unimpressed by the whole experience. We were hungry and needed lunch. The food was not particularly memorable, service less so. We didn't order drinks, although I hear they have plenty of options.All in all, I'd say that it's a decent location to watch a game and have a drink. For me, however, the sheer number of TVs was overwhelming and my entire meal felt pretty schizophrenic. It will do in a pinch, but not my first or sixth choice, for that matter. There are much better options at the Met.
3	Hickory Tavern is such a great addition to The Met...Highlights:Outdoor seating--great on a beautiful day, even better when there is live musicThey offer "Drink of the Month" specials that include  liquor and beer optionsSuper busy and it was hard for staff to keep up but never abandoned by the staff. What I ate/drank: Chicken Caesar Wrap and the Lick of Sunshine drink: Both were good! My friend had the fish tacos and really enjoyed that too. She also had a beer...and enjoyed it and the price. One of those places that will stop by throughout the Summer.
5	I always sit at the bar, service isGood and food is up to par bar fare. The clientale can get a bit rowdy during games. Patio is unbeatable for the view of the skyline and all the tvs. Ishmael is remarkably fast to be almost 50 years old.
2	This location was aight... I normally go to the HT off of Harris to watch games and eat; and they're food is prepared in a decent manner. As for the HT at the Cosmopolitan. Perhaps I ordered the wrong dish because everyone else's food looked waaaaay better than mine. Let's start with the burger. I ordered the Pepper Jack burger and it was dry, no flavor, no pink... I got like 9 fries on my plate and when I asked the dude for ranch; someone else asked for some honey mustard at the same time. She got this big black cup of it; while I got the smallest black cup of ranch. Oookaaay... Normally, I'm not able to eat all my food. Perhaps I was madd hungry that day; but what should have been a regular food experience turned into an annoyance. I was there for a meeting, so I didn't want to ask for anything else; especially when there were like 13 other people in the group that needed their food, condiments, drinks refilled. Perhaps I'll go back and get either the Black and Bleu Burger? and the Chicken dish that had mashed potatoes, and cheese, broccoli... like I said... everyone else's food looked better.
3	I first came here last year to have lunch with a buddy of mine. I ordered the lobster roll and fries. It was tasty, but a little pricier than I expected. I've since been back a few times for various Charlotte Bobcats events and to have drinks with my buddies. I like the bar atmosphere here and the food is pretty good. It does get crowded, but it's a fun place to catch a game or grab lunch or dinner. Since my first trip, I've been ordering cheesesteaks and fries. That's my go-to order there. The service is good and the food is pretty good. It's not my first choice, even in Metro, but it's a nice change of pace and a fun casual spot to catch a game.
4	I came worth some friends, expecting mediocre American fare and my expectations were blown out of the water. The burgers were juicy and cookies perfectly; the staff was helpful without being overbearing; and the drinks were delicious and at times, inventive. I'm impressed and will be back. Next time, I'm bringing my dog up the greenway to eat on the patio. :D
3	We went here with some friends to watch the Panthers play this past weekend and we were pleasantly and unpleasantly surprised alike...  First off, if you're going here to watch a game on Sunday, it's pretty cool... They label the televisions to show which games will be on each particular television, which has to work out great... They're not changing the channels, though, so if you want to see a particular game in front of you, I suggest you get there early...  We sat outside and they have these awesome wicker "couches" with good cushions... I use quotes because they're actually individual pieces, but that's not a problem and it comes in handy (see next section)... I was worried the table wouldn't be high enough to eat from, but it turns out, it wasn't too bad... We had 5 screens in front of us and there was a nice bit of cover, so the beginning of the game was awesome... As I'm sure you've noticed, we've had some hardcore heat coming through the area even though it's pretty late in the year, so once the sun came over that cover, it was brutal!  That's when it came in handy that we could pick up the "couch" and move it forward a couple feet... lol There's nothing they can do about that, though, so it's not a problem, really... Just a heads up for if you're sun-sensitive like me... Go ahead and grab a table indoors...  The other thing was it took quite a while for the food to come out and I get that they were slammed, so it is what it is... We had a constant stream of people coming to apologize, though and that was definitely appreciated... The food was okay, but not spectacular... The boyfriend had a sandwich they had on special with buffalo chicken and three different cheeses... He said the cream cheese in it was a little overwhelming, but other than that, it was decent... In my opinion, it looked a bit like pimento cheese, so I can see how that would have happened... lol  I ordered the tavern salad and it wasn't bad, but you know how you can just taste something a little weird in a salad?  Maybe it's just me, but I couldn't put my finger on it... I will say they are not shy about the toppings, though... You should be able to find some lettuce under all that bacon, egg, ham, tomatoes and almonds... The sun-dried tomato dressing was pretty good, though...
3	I've been to the one out Harris and it was ok. Took my little girl to this one after a weekly trip to target. And it was during the busy lunch crowd, not too many choices on seating. But it was ok, the service was slow I don't think our waitress was interested in being a server that day....lol. But other than that it was good, I never vary from the create your own salad and that was great as always.  This one is close to target so I'm sure we will go more often than not.
2	I know I've given them multiple chances since it is conveniently located near work for me, and I keep thinking that this is going to get better.The times I have gone here or have gotten take out, it has only been for lunch.  I think that the food is always good, so that's the reason that I go back, but the service is not all that spectacular.  I've had many bad experiences hoping that it'll just get better and am still waiting for it to happen.Once experience I had, I had gone out to lunch with my coworkers and ordered a Build Your Own Salad and had requested for some fried chicken.  Our food came out, but the friend chicken came 15 minutes after my salad had come out.  The server asked me (with a sort of attitude) if I still wanted the chicken or not.  I said sure.  The manager asked if everything was okay, I told him of the situation, and he didn't seem that concerned, but he did take 50% off my bill.  Other experiences I've had, I have learned to now check if my food is correct for take out before getting back to work.  Examples: No extra ranch when I asked for it, another time, I had ordered sweet tea to go only to find out once I got back to the office they gave me unsweet tea, having to ask them for ketchup when I already told them in my order that I wanted some ketchup on the side.  It's those things that have happened to me.I just hope that they can step up their game because I do enjoy their food, but their service just really needs a lot of work.
4	We love going there because the outdoor seating is beautiful with the nice view of the greenway and uptown.  They also provide water bowl for dogs.  Their burgers are great, juicy patty served with hot fries.  Drink menu is big, different special on a daily and monthly basis.  One thing missing on the menu is soup, and I don't think they have pasta either.
1	Went there on a busy weeknight, and they actually refused to serve a cocktail to my 49 year old wife, who had not brought her purse with her.  While she does look pretty good for her age, the episode was utterly ridiculous.  A nervous manager came over with free chips and salsa, but we will never go there again.  I mean, if she was 90 years old, would they still refuse to serve w/o ID?  Are they really afraid of being busted for serving a 49 year old?!?
5	I just moved back to Charlotte several months ago and this Hickory Tavern in Metropolitan is fantastic! Food is always good, ,location is perfect (the views, right on the Greenway, ample parking and close to where I live), but there is one big reason I keep coming back! Ishmail, the bartender! Such a genuine, friendly guy! Always shakes your hand, always has a smile, so welcoming, remembers your drink.....So many establishments in Charlotte should get this guy to train your bartenders. Let's face it, everyone wants to be "Norm on Cheers" (where you come in and get a welcome, your drink waiting, etc.....) Ishmail makes that happen! There are a lot of restaurants/bars in uptown. I have the great luxury of choosing from so many close to my place, but I always choose the places based on 3 things: 1. Quality of food           2. How cold the Corona's are and  3. The bartender's friendliness, respect for the customer! Hickory-Metro AND thanks to Ishmail, "hit a home run" on all three!And to top it off, the Fall music they have on Thursday nights outside and even having one of the best local bands ("Simplified") on Thanksgiving Wednesday is "icing on the cake"!
3	Had plans to go to Zoe's and they were closed due to no power. It was game day so not the best time to go to hickory tavern. Ended up having to sit outside, it was pretty cool out esp in the shade, finally got to move to a table in the sun and it was nice. The food is ok, typical bar stuff, our server was good... I ordered hot tea since i was cold, drank about 1/2 and my friend says 'you realize there is lipstick all over that cup'. gag. They brought another but I felt a manager should have come over or at least they could have removed the tea from my bill..
3	It's bar food, but higher quality bar food. Still, $.75 oysters are a hard deal to pass up. Even if I get a piece of a shell every so often. Friendly service. Never had anything less than enthusiastic service.
3	Spacious sports bar with many tvs and a large standard menu. Food: 3, Atmosphere: 3, Service: 3Cost to worth it rating: 3Return worthiness: maybeHighlights:- Amount of tvs: not sure I've seen so many tvs outside of a Best Buy. They lined the walls and were placed on every elevated area there was- Big menu: lots to choose from including street food options from other cities - Potstickers: decent rendition Midlights:- Wings: nice flavor but not crispy enoughLowlights:- Big tv blocked by beam for most of restaurant - A hike from from the main downtown area. We kind of freaked out our pedicab guy going farther than he expected - Pretzel: just the frozen version that was not good
4	I stopped in here with my husband for an after dinner birthday drink. We had just finished at Carpe Diem off Elizabeth and knew that on Wednesday's they have local draft pints for $2.50. Parking is a bit tricky so I ended up on the 3rd floor in front of Marshalls. Once we were across the street and inside we picked a spot at the bar. My husband ordered an OMB Copper and I got the $4 special Crown Royal. We basically just hung out and watched basketball (March Madness). Our waitress was Amber, and she seemed to be the only working the bar, which was where the majority of people were. She introduced herself and asked us our names as well (a first for me). She was very friendly. I would definitely go back to visit and for a drink.
2	Chicagoan staying in the area for two weeks, have eaten lunch at Hickory Tavern and loved the build-a-salad menu. Very good. Arrived tonight for dinner approx. 7:30PM, 75 degrees, patio is open with customers and I was denied a table. Hostess informed me that they were steering people inside, so my comment was, "Well, it's beautiful outdoors, you close at 12:00AM, I'm hungry and I'm sure I won't be staying outdoors until closing". Nope, She wouldn't budge. What's the difference if they clean a table indoors or outdoors?  Families were outdoors and still sitting there when I left. Annoying. Felt singled out.
4	So... this review probably should have been written 3 months ago - the last time I went.  Came here for an event thrown by my friend's apt complex - Hickory had free food and a couple of free drinks.The first thing you notice about stepping into this place is how clean it is and how many TV screens that they have everywhere.  Maybe it's because it's located in the Met, but tidiness is often overlooked. Everything was shiny - something Mr. Clean could appreciate.  And there was numerous TVs everywhere.  When I came back in January, you could pretty much find any game on TV.  It was a little loud in there which made it difficult to chat at times, but this was/felt like/is a sports bar.  And to confirm this... (read below).The food was very average, but I expected that given that it was mass-produced and served in catering trays for everyone that showed up.  Service was solid, servers all had a pulse.  Oh yeah, love it when the hostess opens the door for the guests and greets with a smile.  Not all restaurants do that, they should.dmo out.
5	This is a regular spot for me and I have never been disappointed with the food, beer selection and the service. One of the times I went there, they took a little longer on our salads (Southwestern, which is delicious) so the manager came by and apologized and told us we can get any dessert on the house. It was a very thoughtful gesture. There flatbreads are also delicious. Definitely a great place to see the city from a different view after a nice walk on the greenway.
4	CONSISTENTLY VERY GOOD. Where chain food can be shaky with the quality and consistency, you have NOTHING to worry about here! They have a small outdoor seating area so if you can snag a table that faces into Uptown the views are great. Why bother eating at Dresslers (their neighbor) when you can eat here for half the price. This restaurant is casual so you can just stop in for some beers. I've been several times and had the burger, wings, pretzels, and cedar plank salmon (extra well done please. Seriously, you can't kill it enough). All items were excellent. My guests have had the salads, rib eye, & filet and they enjoyed every bite. There is a menu item called 'bucket of boat trash' for $29. It's some kind of seafood mix. For $29 I would never order anything with the word trash in it. I'm sure it's tongue in cheek, but the Hickory Tavern marketing execs may want to rethink this one. My only gripe about this place is the parking in the Metropolitan. It's not Hickory Taverns fault. Every time I park there everyone has road rage trying to squeeze in a space. You get frustrated and anxious and end up parking on the 5th floor just to wait for an elevator and end up being late for dinner. TIP: Where ever you do park in the garage, take the stairs and walk down as you will get there faster.
2	So I have been to Hickory Tavern many many times before. I am actually suprised I havent reviewed it until now. The view of the city is incredible and it is conveniently located in the Met, so we usually hit it before a Trader Joe's grocery shopping trip! Usually my husband and I get the Build Your Own Salads. 6 ingredients for $9. The oriental dressing is amazing and bacon and avocado on a salad is just A-mazing. In addition, I love that Hickory has Red Oak on tap. They have alot of local beers on draft and I love that about a restaurant.However, this review is more specifically directed to a situation we had today for lunch at HT. My husband and I decided to grab our typical BYO salads. I don't know what was going on but it took a long time to get our food. 25-30 minutes to get a salad is kinda crazy (I mean there wasnt even any cooked meat on it.....all raw ingredients!).Our waitress was super sweet though and came by saying that she had no idea why we hadn't gotten our food yet and that it should be there soon. We finally got our salads and dug in.....yummy dressing! However, about half way into the salad, my husband looks up and pulls out a piece of cardboard from his salad. It was about 2 inches by a half inch. Gross. We have both worked in the food industry and know that those boxes are dragged across the floor when being brought in. All I could picture is that nasty cardboard piece being spread across that whole (since the dressing was tossed into the salad). The waitress was, once again, very sweet and didnt really know what to do and grabbed her manager. The manager came out and was talking about boxing up the salad to go. I am assuming she was talking about boxing up a new salad and not the one with the cardboard in it....I dont know. She also offered us a free brownie. Honestly, we didnt really want any other food at the time. They did comp his salad (which was very sweet, hence the 2 stars instead of 1) and charged me for mine. It was just kinda weird. I mean she did apologize but it just came across like it wasnt a big deal. Kinda frustrating that we had this happen cause we LOVED going to Hickory Tavern in the past! I'm not sure if we will be back soon, simply cause I keep picturing that nasty piece of cardboard. Plus, there are so many other places to eat in the Met!
4	Had the California Burger... Delicious.  My order was a to go order and was ready when I got there and staff were very friendly.Will be back!
3	Ordered a fish and buffalo chicken taco--nice that they let me order two different tacos. 7 bucks for two tacos and a side on Tuesdays! Not bad at all.The buffalo chicken sauce left something to be desired and the chicken seemed microwaved...But the fish taco was nicely flavored and moist--thumbs up!
5	$3.00 Mimosas on Sundays..... Awesome!!! I ordered the Bee Sting wings. Which were amazing!!! The service was great. I will be back soon. Perfect spot to visit on Game Day!
1	Absolutely awful... Never get a to-go order here. Wouldn't take the coupon they mailed to us that didn't expire until December ( only reason we decided to go) and the food was cold , small portions & threw our nachos into a pizza box and must have forgot the toppings because our nacho order were all chips and a sliver of beef soaking through the box to our cars interior (why was this on the side of the pizza box n not on the chip at least??). In addition, their Caesar salad was soggy to top off their "food  quality n business etiquette"... Last statement so I don't drag on... AVOID THIS PLACE!
1	Waitress was a total bitch......I know there's a law that your not suppose to keep serving someone who is intoxicated,....kept bringing drinks even after I told her myself multiple times to not bring it. Multiple times she even acknowledged me, yet still kept bringing drinks and I even said "she can't have anymore" "stop bringing her drinks". My waitress even went and got another waitress to bring more drinks. Never have I been so disrespected and upset.....she wasn't doing her job right. Yes I understand your get bad like shit but you don't need to be trying to raise the bill by ignoring the fact the person ordering more drinks is intoxicated. I hope ya read this shit! I was there yesterday! 11/30/14 11:00pm. Yes I walked out cause my request was ignored and ya wanted to make $$$...even after I repeatedly told your wait staff NO MORE DRINKS!
