4	Friday night, fresh of a 4 hours drive, we stroll down on the Palms casino floor, trying to find something to do/ drink first  and, since the advertisement of this show is pretty much on your face everywhere, ( and that he looks pretty cute on the photos too lol ) we figured we would go check it out after dinner. The Show starts late  enough (10pm) so it gives you a chance to have dinner and  a few drinks beforehand. Once purchased the tickets at the Pearl box office (no line on a Friday night )  you make a short line and wait for  a douchey midget to sit you on one of the tables.  The actual Gossy room, which is in the Lounge area as you walk in to the Palms, is a small place with a jazz-cabaret feeling, tables and booths on the side, open space with chairs in the middle, feels cramped but  once this guy comes on stage his voice makes up for all that lack of space. This dude  is  very talented.The show itself is nothing extraordinary, few dancers, live band, decent lighting but this guy's energy on stage is enough for you to have a good time. Few drinks later, Show ends and you leave happy you decided to check this out. I'm happy the Palms people put out  alternative shows to those non armani exchange wearer-loud-i can't hardly-walk-on-my-nine-west heels good folks who frequent the Palms nowadays..
4	Matt Goss has a terrific voice and is quite a showman.  His show had a couple of spot on covers and some of his original music as well.  I would imagine that he will go on to bigger and better things.The whole ticket/seating issue was a pain.  The tickets listed a 10.00 start time, but not so - after standing in line from 9.30 on we were finally seated a bit after 10.00.  We also found out that while the tickets are classified as general seating, all of the good seats have a 2 drink minimum.  The guy handling the seating was a bit of a snake.The opening act is a bit confused  and jumbled with both an airline and James Bond 007 themes.  That confusion continues throughout the show - it is a small room and very small stage, yet he has a 6 piece band, 2 back up singers and 4 dancers.  The music is very good and while the show is pretty tight there are times that there is just too much and it overwhelms Goss.So, all of that said, you should definitely see Matt Goss if in Vegas .  He puts on a one heck of a show.
5	We went there this Friday not sure what to expect but were blown away. Matt Goss is the real deal. His voice, his personality, his presence combined with the talented band and dancers makes it one of the best most intimate shows i have seen in Vega$. Truly a performer, Matt's voice is central to the show and his songs are all very enjoyable. The brass section ruled, the drummer was awesome, the basss guy was solid. The dueling guitars between matt and the other dude was awesome.The dancers are all smiles and easy on the eyes. I swear when they look at you, you melt. The come around the venue which was perfect and are so friendly. All in all the staff at the gossy room treated us like VIP's the entire night. Matt even stayed after and bought rounds of shots for the entire bar and posed for pictures with a line of fans. Perfect date place and afterwards a  total dance party. Older and younger, not loud but a clean sound! What a great night.Thanks Matt, the band and the Dirty Virgins dancers...cliche but hot!
4	Matt Goss previously at Palms hotel and casino. I saw Matt Goss when he was performing at the Matt Goss showroom at Palms hotel and casino. I have not seen him at Caesar's Palace hotel yet. I can guarantee that show is just as phenomenal if not even more fantastic. His stage presence is strong with his powerful sensuous svelte voice. He sure can dance as well and he loves his audience! His band is great and can sure get down. Having his sexy lady dancers on stage does not hurt either. I found myself singing along with him and moving and grooving. The moment I get the chance I will be checking out his show at Caesar's Palace for sure! Such a sexy show! The music is pure sex!
5	WOW - I can't get over how good this show was!  I went with three others on Friday night and every one of us was blown away.  This is certainly the best entertainment value in Vegas!  Matt is a fantastic performer surrounded by tremendous musical talent.  This show is a must see!
5	I haven't been to too many shows in Vegas... but this one stands out like no other. Amazing voice, great to look at, eye candy for men (Dirty Virgins). The music is amazing, Matt has an amazing voice. I love the live band. During the performance each band member gets their time to shine... personally, I'm a fan of the sax. The girls are all very cute and choreography is great. The show is produce by Robin Antin so the choreography has a lot of the Pussy Cat Dolls feel.Overall, phenomenal performance! MUST SEE!
5	This is a hot show, sexy dancers great music and even a little comedy. Oh and Matt is a great performer and makes you feel like part of the show. If you need brownie points with your significent other this may just get you out of the dog house. Oh yeahits one of the few bars that is smoke free. That was very refreshing. Thank you!
5	Rockin Vegas show that delivers on music and showmanship. Go for the bottle service if you plan on 4 or more drinks.
5	I never heard of Matt Goss but was invited to see his show with hubby and friends and WOW best decision EVER!  I am NOW a "fangirl"!  Matt is an amazing singer/ songwriter and the show at Caesars Palace is nothing short of spectacular!   What stage presence Matt has and you can tell he is really enjoying himself and thus drawing the audience in!  Plus he is CUTE ;-)Even though I didn't know his own original songs I was snapping my fingers, clapping, and "singing" along.  I bought his CD and got it signed and even got a pic with him after the show.Matt's band, back up singers, and "Dirty Virgins" dancers are all talented as well! Do yourself a favor and if you are in Vegas then go check out this show!
4	Took my husband to see Matt Goss for his birthday celebration.  This is a two-part review:  one for the Gossy Room/Gossy Side Bar, and the other for Matt Goss and the show itself.  Just FYI: The tickets are in 3 categories: 1. 40 dollar tickets seemed to put viewers kind of on a 90 degree angle to the stage, making it less of a direct "view" of the band and Matt Goss.  These are general admission and some seats are better than others; the seats are first come; first serve 2. 60 dollar tickets were also general admission but put viewers more in the "middle" of the stage, albeit towards the back of the lounge, but with a more direct view of the band.  3. 100 dollar tickets put viewers directly in front of the stage and also give a post-concert meet and greet with Matt Goss.  We chose the 60 dollar seats.  Matt Goss - the show: 100 stars!Wow!  Is Matt Goss good lookin' or what?!?  I could stare at him all day, such eye candy!  He has an amazing band and some very beautiful dancers.  He's SUCH an entertainer.  It's amazing how he gets the crowd revved up and makes you feel like you're a part of the entire show!  He plays a great mix of his own songs and some popular favorites - including hits by Frank Sinatra, Michael Buble, even the Eagles!  He is so talented that I can't believe he's singing in this lounge and not making hundreds per ticket on a tour around the world... which brings me to the second part of this review...Gossy Side Bar and Gossy Room:  2 stars, if that So the Gossy Side Bar is a small bar outside of the Gossy Room that seems to be open to everyone all night.  We could clearly hear the band warming up from the bar so, if you want to hear the show, you could presumably hang out there and not miss a beat.  I don't recommend it, though, since the show is incredible!  Drinks were expensive and the chairs at the bar were extremely uncomfortable unless, I imagine, you are a size 2 and don't have a behind to speak of, lol.  The Gossy Room itself (AKA Cleopatra's Lounge) was smaller than I expected and it seemed you would have a good view of the stage from almost any seat in the house.  There was drink service, which was very good, but the drinks are a rip off (not more than you would expect in a Vegas lounge but still annoyingly expensive).  The table that I was at was very sticky as though it hadn't been cleaned before we sat there.  The room itself felt like the thermostat was set in the 80's - everyone was SO hot!  It was a really uncomfortable temperature.  Standing in line for the show, we saw a cockroach on the floor (we were standing right across from Hyakumi Japanese Restaurant, which might have had something to do with it).  But the couple behind us told us they were waiting to cash in their ticket at a bill-breaker and saw one too.  Apparently the casino and surrounding areas have a roach problem... I wanted to leave right then and there because I'm a total whimp when it comes to creepy crawly things. So despite being disappointed by the bar and lounge itself, Matt Goss was incredible and I think you'll love every second of his show just as we did!
4	Saw him on 2/1/13.Honestly his first song was shaky, I was thinking that if the rest of the night was at the same quality I was going to complain. Luckily the rest of the set was not bad at all and he got his voice, but I think he may have been sick or something as he had to stop and drink a lot. I thought it was part of the act and that the drink was a prop (hey, other reviewers tell me what you thought), but I think he was really having problems.Anyway, couple of things bothered me:1) Tickets were $40 but with an $11(!!!!) Caesar's not Ticketmaster service fee - WTF?!?!2) A Newcastle and a Vodka and Pineapple was $22(!!!!) - also WTF?!?!3) A Sprite and an unidentified drink was $16(!!!) - triple WTF?!?!4) Show is advertised with a 9:30pm start, but it really starts at 10:00, so you get there early so they can sell you overpriced drinks - sorry I am used to decent prices and sometimes having a drink included - call me old schoolThe guy at the front - "Joe", complete with burly Italian hitman physique and accent - greeted us and got us to the receptionist for check in. They told us seating was first come first served, so we could go in now or get our seat and come back. Not sure that was really standard, to get our seat assigned, but we appreciated it. A cute black guy named Blake sat us (we didn't tip him for the seat, were we supposed to? I was so clueless!! Sorry Blake - everyone tell Blake the crazy girl yelped about him!) near the bar area right by where the showgirls come out and a foot away from the VIP seats. I'll post pics, but we were in a good area. I think Matt could see me :)The show area, Cleopatra's Barge, turns into a no cover nightclub with a DJ after the show. Nice considering nothing in Vegas is free. I would hang out there more if the drinks had not been so high.Oh, Matt only meets and greets VIPS, he, the band and the girls don't come out after the show to hang out with the audience or anything - I think it is mentioned that they do. Because of where we were sitting Matt had to walk by us and he was nice enough to stop and shake hands for a bit. Seriously though, I thought he looked tired.The drummer and keyboard player hung out at the adjacent bar for a bit, nice guys, drummer was a flirt :)The cool thing was that like an hour after the show we were still hanging around in the busy corridor near the bar and Joe asked us how we liked it - totally surprised he remembered us at all. The blonde retro cigarette girl was nice too.The show is good, the Dirty Virgins are good. I am straight and don't usually stare at women, but I admit I stared at the dancer that was firmly planted on top of a table in front of us... will post pics too :)Songs are good, Hotel California was good, can't elaborate more on the previous positive reviews really.Will definitely come back again, but I would complain to management if Matt was that off with his voice again. Not complain for a free ticket, a live show is a live show, but they need to maintain the quality because they are doing themselves a disservice to just throw the guy out there if he's not able to perform up to par.Oh, yeah, they don't care if you take pics during the show (turn off the flash) or take video, I have a lot of video LOL. But I would buy his CDs, just forgot to that night.
5	Touted as Britain's answer to Sinatra, Matt Goss, does not disappoint. Before the show, I had not heard of him before. As the performance went on, all I could think was how charming and engaging he was. Not only does he have a great voice, but he is a true entertainer. He keeps the audience engaged throughout the show and had me cracking up at his jokes. It was a great night.
5	The modern day Frank Sinatra/Rat Pack. Aside from the fact that he is adorably sexy he is also talented and entertaining. I saw him when he was at the Palms and now he has moved over to Caesars Palace. Great vibe and good time anytime you head to his show. He performs a few classics but also does a handful of originals.
5	again best show in Vegas don't cheap out get the VIP seats and sit in the front
1	Absolutely the worst show I  have ever seen in Vegas. Terrific band backing up a mediocre talent who thinks that posing and wearing a hat makes him Sinatra. Sound level varies from excruciating to totally unbearable. Addition of stripper type dancers might be pleasant, but the whole show is performed In the dark. I can understand why. If I were him I wouldn't want to be recognized either. The one recognizable song I heard, "Luck Be A Lady" was sung in a wispy out of tune delivery, backed up by an extraordinarily loud arrangement .  In between songs he mutters interminably and incomprehensibly in a London accent while frequently placing his hand over his heart to indicate that he is sincere. This a punctuated by the nonstop playing of the rhythm section so that any chance of understanding what he is saying is obliterated. I was led to believe that this would be a Sinatra/ Bennett/Martin type show and all the recorded music prior to the arrival of the actual musicians (they were 25 minutes late) was of that variety. Nothing like it occurred on stage. I would rather be tied to a pole and forced to listen to Justin Bieber sing Dylan followed by 12 hours of Ciirque de Soleil than have to listen to this guy for half an hour.  Only show I have EVER walked out on in my entire life.
5	Just saw the Matt goss show.  Wow!!!!    Talk about old school Vegas with a modern twist!!!   What a show.....people please See This show....worth every penny.  OMGosh.   The brother from across the pond Can sing!!!!
5	Totally worth it!!!  This sexy man was engaging, sensual, and thoroughly entertaining!  What a VOICE! And those EYES!!!  He hugged me and he smelled DIVINE!!  He had me at hello!!!  Any day...ALLL day!!  Step aside Mr. Newton and Buble...here's GOSS!!
1	Very, very disappointing. Had to wait almost one hour. FINALLY it starts and he was terrible, we left (never done that before in my life). If he is a good Vegas show, I am the King of England. Very dark, very loud, terrible smell and who warned me strippers would be walking on my table!, He drinks a lot and it shows, probably why he was so late.  I hated this show; please save your money.   9/17/14
1	Worst show ever! Was a waste of a night went sept 19 planning a nice night out with my bf before he left town and this ruined it. Goss was 45 min late and so arrogant. We walked out 15 min in to the show. Waste of money!!
