1	Got three types of pupusas from there to try, cheese and cheese, beans and cheese, and beef and cheese. Would not recommend. Tasted heavily of grease and bread and not much else. Not sure why my newspaper recommended that item.
1	How the Copan Restaurant lost stars on this review:#1 - If I have to ask the waitress to bring chips and salsa to the table!! (never experienced that before)#2 - My beverage is empty and you don't even bother to ask if I would like a refill or even a glass of water to wash down your spicy food. (nearly choked to death).#3 - I made a request for a utensil from another waitress because mine NEVER CAME BACK and I'm still waiting on the utensil from the 2nd waitress.#4 - My waitress totally abandoned me!  I had to go and get YOU to pay for my meal.  SMH!The food was OK and that's all.  I know those tamales I had were not prepared properly.  Are they supposed to be soppy wet with what I think is grease?I mean, what happened here?  It felt like they picked this restaurant up out of Los Angeles and plopped it right down in Charlotte.  Yeah, I felt like I was right back at home with the rest of the rude folks.  Copan your customer service is SHOT!As Chris Tucker said in the movie Friday, I will Never, Never, eva, Eva, EVA come back to this restaurant again.  EVA, EVA!!!!
4	No complaints from usNice clean and fastPicture is worth a thousand wordsNeighborhood was looking like day lite only We would come back for breakfast or lunch
1	Worst service ever!   4 people went for lunch. 2 got food and 2 never received!   They did not understand enough English to complain.   As we were paying they brought the 2 dinners and wanted to charge!   Crazy
5	The food here is excellent. My girlfriend and I stumbled across this place luckily! I had the Carne Asada Honduren style. It was amazing and I ordered the fried sweet bananas on the side. They were cooked to perfection plus they give you a white creamcheese to dip them in! I'm going back today just thinking about it actually.
