5	When my husband was diagnosed with a brain tumor in March of 2010, our family doctors recommended Barrow to do the surgery to have it removed. We initially had an appointment with a different doctor, but because of scheduling conflicts we ended up going with doctor Alan Mitha, who is the fellow for Dr. Robert Spetzler. Dr. Mitha was very knowledgeable about the procedure and kindly answered any questions or concerns we had about the surgery. He explained what the surgery would be like, complications that might arise from the surgery, and recovery time. We had my husbands operation set for May of 2010. The entire surgery took about 8 hours but we were kept updated through the entire process. Doctors would come out periodically and explain what was going on and how my husband was doing. When the surgery was completed both doctors came out to explain the entire thing to us. We were very lucky to have been able to be in the state of one of the best neurosurgeons in the country. All of the doctors were very kind and understanding about how scared we both were and took their time making us feel comfortable. I highly recommend any of the doctors at this facility.
5	This is the premier place for many types of brain surgeries. I have had 4 brain surgeries here over the last 12 years & i recovered fully from all of them. Dr robert Speztler has done my surgeries & i trust him completely.
4	We have been there twice. We really work with the PA for our neurologist.  They take time to sit down and answer any of your questions and go the extra mile to make sure that you understand everything that there is needed to be.  With that being said, both times we had appt's. we waited over an hour and half, which isn't comforting when you have questions and you had an appt.  Other than that we'd give them 5 stars!
5	I have had physical therapy for different injuries other than my back in the past due to sports injuries. The team at Barrow Neuro Spine has been nothing but great!  They are extremely thorough and great at what they do.  They teach you to have great posture before beginning any exercise or stretch.  They taylor your program to fit you and your specific injuries and future goals.  I actually look forward to my visits here and I am progressing very well with my back injury.  I am farther along thanI would have expected after only a mere three visits.  I had the pleasure of having PT Andrea before she went back to the Scottsdale location.  She was extremely thorough and has great bedside manor.  She did not make any question seem irrelevant and listens to each concern.
5	I am now seeing Aaron for my physical therapy and I have been very impressed with his knowledge of anatomy and how each patient's anatomy can present challenges. Aaron is very professional, caring and has great bedside manner. I am learning more about my body then I ever have and I was an athlete before. I am hoping after I recuperate I can be an athlete once again.  Thank you Rosie, Marleigh and Ashley too for you help with my exercises and wonderful hospitality.
