5	I recently commissioned three rings from Kerry Cohagen and was very pleased with the outcome.  The rings in question were an engagement and two wedding rings, very important.  Kerry listened to what we liked in terms of design and worked with us to fashion something unique and distinctly 'us'.  He used the idea of a mobius strip to create an interlocking engagement and wedding ring set for my sweetie and the result was elegant, organic, and truely a one of a kind.  My ring was simpler but elegant as well.  We were so happy that he was willing to melt down old scrap gold and jewelry for us (including a few gold teeth) to form the jewelry as we wanted to minimize our impact on gold mining.  We came away with an amazing product for a really really reasonable price and couldn't be happier.  I would highly recommend these guys for any project.  They are artists of the highest caliber and really listen to the customer.
5	I recently went to Paul for an engagement ring , and it couldn't have been a more pleasant experience!  He took our ideas and molded them into reality... he made what i was dreading into a fun, creative experience!  He was super flexible as far as making himself available for questions and concerns and the drafting/design process... a  consummate professional and artist!  Paul's design are on the cutting edge of fit, function and aesthetics.  You'll be hard pressed to find an artist and jeweler of the same caliber in this area.. so if your bored with the jewlery box stores that are becoming the norm and looking for a piece  that is "you" get dahn  to Shadyside and see Paul! I highly recommend and ill be coming back!
5	Customized jewelry and amazing service.I came to Paul Michael in search of a unique Valentine's Day present. I was very specific about what I was looking for in terms of style, material, and price range. It didn't take long for me to find exactly what I was looking for. Paul gave me plenty of personal attention and even went into detail about the process he used to design and create my ring. He made me feel comfortable about my budget and didn't pressure me to exceed it.I couldn't have been happier with my experience at Paul Michael Design. I highly recommend coming here, especially if you're looking for a personalized experience.
5	I just recently heard about him through Facebook when someone shared the USS Enterprise ring!!  It looks absolutely amazing.  I have subsequently talked about Paul Michael Design incessantly to any who will listen.  I look forward to working with him in the near future...to commission my own jewelry!!
