5	I don't often write reviews but when I do, it means only one thing. It's one awesome place! Been looking for a barber since my regular one left town last month. Saw this here at Yelp and decided to try them out. It's a no frills, gets the job done, hair place for us guys. Jeff is friendly and very talented. He has made me into a regular!
5	I have been coming here for several months and have found a great barber shop! Jeff and Angel both are fantastic "old school" barbers who know their crap. They do an awesome job for a fair price. The place is clean and the environment is quite manly! I feel almost nostalgic smelling the aftershave and mixture of hair tonics that are in the background. Definitely a place my father would have come for a shave and a cut...
5	Phenomenal barber shop!  I got a great razor fade, at a reasonable price, and some interesting conversation to boot.  If I'm in the area and I need a haircut I know where I'll be going!
2	Came here while in LV for business. Not open on Monday. Regular cut was $15.  Haircut quality? Average--I've had better.PROS: air conditioning; friendly barberCONS: quality of cut was just "okay", but the barber didn't meet all my requestsI was traveling and needed a haircut. Came to Yelp. Regret to say, I do not understand all the 5-star ratings. I asked for "tapered and blocked in the back", and the barber failed to deliver. Same for "thin it out all around", which to him, ostensibly meant "here and there".Cheers!RS
4	Jeff is great.
5	I've been coming to this barber shop for 11 years. A simple men's haircut is $15 and the price hasn't ever changed. There are only two barbers; Angel and Jeff. They are both fantastic! Each are meticulous about the details of your haircut. They finish each cut with a straight blade razor around the edges and the back of the neck. I am so very impressed with this barber shop. Do yourself a favor and come spend some time with Jeff and Angel and get a GREAT haircut.
3	Either Jeff isn't very good with the scissors, or he doesn't know how to cut very thick hair. I came out of there yesterday, completely dissatisfied with what I had gotten. Unproperly faded back, bangs not straight, sides uneven.Went back to get it fixed today, Angel was very good about it. I would recommend Angel for simple cuts, but I would not go back to Jeff.
2	The best barber in this store is Angel, he works hard to ensure a great job on all levels!  My father was a barber thus I know and understand what professionals do and provide as far as services go.  Jeff's skills are lackluster at best-probably one of the worst haircuts ever.  I recommend this store but only for the reason that Angel works hard to provide a quality product each and every time.  Thanks to Jeff and his rude attitude I've taken my business elsewhere
4	No bells & whistles, no attitude.  Friendly, clean, efficient and yes a good old fashioned hair cut.If your hair is nothing special, you just want it clean cut while spending a little time chit-chatting, then that's the place.
1	Worst barber ever!I went in to just get the ends of my hair trimmed and my beard touched up before my upcoming wedding. I realized too late, I could have gotten a better haircut by a first day beauty school student!He hacked off over 1 1/2 years worth of growth and cut my beard crooked along with taking a huge chuck out under my chin.
5	This is not Jeff's barbershop anymore. Disregard negative reviews. New owner is Frank. He redid the place looks more modern, new chairs. Prices are fair. I got the straight razor shave for my head. Hard to find barbers that do straight razor anymore. Pleasant and relaxing place.
5	The New owner updated the entire shop. New chairs, sinks and decor. They were great. I took my son there for a haircut before he went to have his team pictures done. It was quick and a great job too. The price was right as well. I can not wait to come back and get a haircut and a shave.
