3	Food is pretty good and breakfast is the best. Prices are slightly higher than you'd expect. If you are an aviation enthusiest you can't beat the atmosphere.
3	The menu items are all cleverly named My triple decker club sandwich, affectionately known as "xxxx" was a mile high, while 3/4 of the mile was bread. I recommend getting the fries as a side because they were crispy and tasty. The potato salad was tasty as well, but a small dollop barely constitutes a serving.What really sets this place apart is the ambience. Decorated by posters and prints of aviation across history as well as small model airplanes hanging from the ceiling. If you're a fan of aviation, young or old, this is one place that should be on your list. Here, the ambience almost outweighs the service and the food. Whereas the food and service were both decent, neither one was very special. You can seat yourself, and if you're lucky, you can snag a table by a window that overlooks the tarmac of the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. You'll probably see small private planes, but you may catch a glimpse of a couple fighter jets or a larger passenger plane from Allegiant Air.
3	The food is good. Your best meal will be breakfast. Be prepared to spend a few extra dollars.
1	I'm not often to write poor views, but this one irks me. I've FLOWN IN no less than 3 times to have breakfast at this restaurant and it was closed. What airport greasy spoon restaurant is closed on Sunday morning? When we went in and asked why they were closed, I was told, "It's slow around here, and he wasn't making money." Did he expect Obama to come in and bail him out, or stimulate his business while it was closed? Seriously. Just a hint, here, Mr. Business Owner, but you can't make money if your doors aren't open. We've instead flown over to the restaurant at Chandler where it is ALWAYS busy, and there was even a wait on the Sunday morning I went. Put out a good product, for a reasonable price, with good service, and you'll make money, and you won't be slow. Not only will you get me in the door once, but you may even find me in there regularly. I think I'll fly up to Sedona where I know they'll be open for 3 meals a day, 7 days a week.
5	I think it is high time for me to write a review for Coleen and phil's place. I have been a regular for over 10 years, ever since they only did subs and salads at the old fbo.  I enjoy many items on their menu, but my favorites are the New Yorker and the Sentimental Journey.  The New Yorker is a huge rueben sandwich on panini toasted marbled rye.  And the Sentimental is a great hamburger!The restaurant hours vary by season and a simple call ahead can ensure that they will be open if you are flying in.  When i fly, part of my preflight is to check if the restaurant is open before embarking on a $100 hamburger.  Gateway airport has the most unique blend of general aviation, corporate, commercial and military aircraft of any airport I know, please stop by and top off your tank!
4	Great breakfast spot. These airport cafes all tend to be very good. I am glad that they remain unfound gems to most. Found is awesome, service is great, and prices are not bad.
4	This little cafe, hidden at Mesa Gateway airport, was quite a surprising little find. I attend Chandler-Gilbert college across the street, so for days when I forget my lunch, this is a wonderfully convenient place to grab a quick bite. Yes, I said quick! I received my order in an exceptionally timely manner, which was great and allowed me plenty of time to make it to my next class without running on a full stomach!  I had the "Albatross" fish sandwich, and it was very good. The portions and quality are very reasonable for the price, and the service was good too. This cafe was pretty cool, lots of decorations. Plus, you get to watch the airplanes take off and land. I'll definitely be returning. Overall, everything was excellent, and I'd recommend it to anyone for a quiet lunch spot.
3	They put cinnamon in their pancakes people! Cinnamon! That's all you need to know! MmmmmmmI think this place is cute! It's an old school cafe, themed around of course aviation. It is located right next to the Gateway Airport next to the small gift shop. There is nothing super special about the place or the food, but if your looking for a relaxing kick back, burger and fries, or omelet and pancakes kind of joint and you are in the area, this is your place. If you get a window seat and you are a kid at heart you can watch all kinds of different planes take off and land. I have brought my son and nephew here and they have a blast eating their food and watching all the activity going on outside. The staff doesn't go out of their way to make conversation, but they are polite and on the ball!I would recommend The Whirley Bird Omelet (GET PANCAKES) or the Spruce Goose for lunch!
5	Such a great little spot. You not only can look out the windows and watch planes, commercial, private, and even some time old planes and military jets. The food is great as well as the service. I work in walking distance from the cafe and love to come walk over for breakfast and lunch.
3	Very close to ASU Poly campus where I go to school so we tried this place once with friends. For a Thursday morning, it was fairly near full capacity and busy. I thought the decoration/environment was great. Food was slightly on the expensive side for what it was (paid $8.50 for a midsize cheese steak) but worth it. Menu is rich but waiter didn't check on us after he served the food. They also have weird hours, they close early in the afternoons so had never had a chance to try this place after class.
3	Pros: Staff friendly and helpful and view can be good. Cons: everything on table was sticky with food. Including menus. Just creeped me out. Food was ok.
5	My kids love this breakfast buffet. They can eat as much bacon as they want and they can watch the planes taking off too. Very reasonable prices.
4	This is my new favorite place to grab breakfast. On the weekends (both Saturday & Sunday) they have a breakfast buffet for about $10. It's a pretty awesome buffet that includes eggs to order, bacon, sausage, hash browns, corned beef hash, biscuits & gravy, pancakes (blueberry & plain) with a hint of cinnamon, French toast, bread pudding, yogurt, cereal, fruit, & donuts. There might be more but I can't remember right now. The place is clean, service is good and there's a great view of the airplanes & jets taking off & landing. There are also many model planes hanging which are pretty cool to look at. The flight deck cafe is north of the terminal. I would definitely recommend checking it out if you're in the area.
5	This is our new spot for breakfast!! The buffet was excellent with eggs made to order and the employees are very friendly. I have not tried lunch here yet but I'm sure it is excellent also. I will be coming here whenever I want a good breakfast!
5	I LOVE this place! You bet I'm going to be a regular now! Flying saucer is my new calling. I'll be here every other day forever! Such great people AND food! Thanks guys!And if anyone didn't have a 5 star time, please try it again!
3	The location is awesome, i really enjoyed coming here for breakfast because you can get a table practically on the runway. Very cool.  Now the food, well -- its your standard breakfast deal ; nothing too fancy or impressive. It was better the first time I went, took a client here for breakfast one time, and sort of regretted it because it was a bit low class for that type of occasion. The food was OK, staff is very polite and friendly. I just wish the seating was better (booths) and the food could be a bit more imaginative too. Great place to take kids for breakfast / family outing.  I give em three stars, because the food was only OK but perhaps my opinion will change in the future.
4	Love this place!  The food was not the best, I had the omelet.  They used canned mushrooms and the egg was not cooked all the way through.  But I will come back and try something else next time.  There are model planes hanging from the ceiling and pictures all over the walls with planes in them.  Which my 1 year old son LOVED!  You can watch the planes out the windows.  So fun!Staff was great!
