3	This appears to the the only Chinese food place near my job - and definitely the only one that delivers. (By the way - the delivery phone number is different than the take out number - weird huh?  Above is the take out/ask questions #.  The Delivery # is 480-921-4237)The parking lot is the worst one I've ever been to - ever.  Entrance on one side, parking on either side that swoops right out again to the same street (Broadway).  Folks come in from either side but there isn't really room for 2 cars to drive past each other.  Grrr..  But anyhow...  It's in a strip mall with a Subway and a few other spots so at lunch time - good luck.It's not bad.  It's not great either.  I've had several things there for lunch at different times.  One delivery, but the rest were all pick up's.  They are pretty good about the food being ready when you go to get it.  And there are chairs to sit in if you need to wait a minute or two.  The sit down area seems decent.  Nothing fancy, but you don't need to wipe down the seat or anything...A la carte stuff ranges from $5 to $8 and combos (w/ egg roll, fried wontons and Soup if you pick up or crap puff if delivered) are $6-$9.  Prices aren't bad, but I have to tell you, they get even better once you see the servings.  Even on a hungry day I've been able to make a combo last for 2 lunches - I can imagine it being 3 for some folks.  The Chicken Lo Mein I got today was a bit greasy, but the chicken wasn't scary.  And we ALL know how scary Chicken can be in bad Asian food.  BAD.  The Broccoli Beef was fairly good with the Broccoli still kind crispy when I got it - which was nice.  My friend is a big fan of their shrimp fried rice - and they fill the entire styrofoam to go container with that rice!  Definitely 2 meals - or sides for 4 or 5.  According to a quote on their menu from the Arizona Republic - "...excellent food, generous portions, super-quick service, low prices and a cheery atmosphere."     I actually agreed with the Arizona Republic!  Shocking!
1	Bleh. This place looks pretty rough, but it's been here for a long time and I was thinking that the food must be pretty good if it's survived that long. Wrong.  I'd say that at least half of my Hunan chicken & shrimp combo went in the trash. I could've done better with Panda Express and I'll be eating a bowl of Cap'n Crunch in hour or two.Fortune cookie: Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force. In bed.
3	I used to eat here often with family a few years ago.  I decided to visit Hunan Express again a couple of weeks ago and I'm disappointed (and sad) to report that the quality of food here has changed.  My fave items were the Honey-dipped Chicken Wings ($2.50) appetizer and the Hunan Special Chicken ($7.10).  They seem to have changed the batter for the honey-dipped chicken wings, the wing sections appear much smaller (less meat), and the sauce is much darker now (can't tell that it's honey).  The sauce was also too salty...too much soy sauce mixed in with the honey perhaps?Although the Hunan special chicken is good, it's not as tasty as it used to be.  Or, maybe my tastebuds became more picky ever since I lived in L.A.?  ;-PI also ordered the General Tao's Chicken ($7.10 / decent) and the Vegetable Tofu (in brown sauce / $6.85).  The General Tao's Chicken tasted alot like the Hunan Special Chicken (deep fried chicken pieces in brown sauce).  The Chinese husband and wife team that takes the orders up front were friendly as usual.
4	Been coming here on occasion for about a year now and have tried a lot of different menu items and have not had anything I didn't like.  The soups and noodle dishes are tasty and their combo meals are a great value for around 7-8 bucks that come with egg roll, 2 fried won tons, and a small soup.  The counter workers are very friendly and they have a condiment bar with ginger, pickled jalapenos, and kimchi.  Their daily specials are only 5 dollars and come with rice and a soda.  If you're in the hood and have a hankering for some good chinese stop here and no where else, you won't be disappointed, hungry, or broke.
3	The new mister showd up suddenly and I didn't really know what to make for dinner - not wanting to cook, I fired up the lappy and we were searching Yelp for Chinese delivery and we chose to give Hunan Express a try.It was very easy ordering (I've had issues and miscommunication with other places) and before an hour of quality time, our order was at the door. I had the honey dipped chicken wings. They were good, but very soggy atleast the sauce was good. However, I would have liked it if there were more sesame seeds. :) The BBQ Pork Slices are okaaaay... but I've had better and I don't think I'll be ordering it again. He had Sweet and Sour Pork and it was GOOOOOOD!! The best I've had in a while! Very yummy, I wound up eating half of it! lol, as my Orange Chicken wasn't that great. It was soggy and too sweet. I didn't care for it. The fried rice was good, he loved the crab puffs and I loved the egg rolls. Overall, the meal went well - we were stuffed and had left overs afterward. I will order from there again, but not for a while.
5	I GAVE IT 5 STARS DUE TO ONLY EATING THE HUNAN SPECIAL CHICKEN! OVERALL IT IS A 3 STAR!!! This place has been here for awhile!!! Its basically your whole in the wall Chinese Take Out!!! I've been going here for years since high school!! Its my quick 6 bucks that fill me up!! lolIts the only restaurant I will go and order only one dish!! The Hunan Special Chicken!! Nothing else! Sorry no recommendation for other dishes here from me! Tried them all and didn't like it too much! Basically I had better on those other dishes!!! lol! I know Hunan Special Chicken is the best dish there and everyone I've took with me has liked it!!! What more can you ask for 6 bucks and a big serving!!! Make sure the chicken is fresh thats because if its been sitting for awhile it will be tough chicken! Oh yeah make sure to eat the food fresh! If you save it for later it does not hold its taste or texture!!!Thats my review for that place!! Trust me, fresh Hunan Special Chicken you can't go wrong!!
1	This lunch visit came from a suggestion from my boyfriend who claims the portion sizes are a great deal for the money - which is true. However, the less of this subpar food the better. I had the Hunan Special Chicken and my boyfriend had the General Tso Chicken. I'm more of a fan of white meat than dark meat, and most of the chicken that was visible through the fried fat and skin was dark. The staff was friendly enough but the place was dirty (food on the walls) and the parking lot is a joke. If you are in the mood for Chinese food, do yourself a favor and pass up this place.
4	I dig Hunan Express, I order from here all of the time. A lot of the other Chinese delivery in the area is nigh inedible, and Hunan Express has good and plentiful food for cheap. The items are hit or miss but some are really good--I particularly love the hot and sour soup. On occasion they use a new recipe or something and I dislike it, but most of the time it's really excellent--full of tofu and fungus, as it should be.Things I've tried and enjoyed aside from the hot and sour soup are the hunan beef, the chicken corn soup, the bok choy, the chow fun, and the potstickers. The egg rolls are decent, just a little greasier than I like. The fortune cookies sometimes seem more like advice cookies, but that's true of all of 'em anymore.I wish I could put three and a half stars, but I'll put a four for having my favorite hot and sour soup. I recommend ordering here if you have a hankering for a bucket-load of reasonably priced Chinese food and don't feel like changing out of your pajamas.
5	They are located in the Pizza Hut complex off broadway west of mill ave
4	Dude. I thought it was good. Hunan Special Chicken is similar to Orange Chicken but less syrupy. Vegetable Lo Mein had lots of vegetables. The order was cooked quickly and portions are very large - good value for the price.
4	I ordered Hunan Express for lunch today.  Why did I pick this restaurant?  Delivery.  This is the only Chinese Delivery restaurant that delivers to my office (around ASU), so I went ahead and tried it.I ended up getting the General Tao's Chicken.  This almost sounds like the Pei Wei Spicy's General Tso's Chicken, but it is a little different.  I would call it a mild mix between Orange Chicken and Sweet and Sour Chicken.The chicken itself was delicious.  Just be aware that you will be getting Dark meat.  For those of you who looking for white meat, then try asking for that when you place your order.The prices are extremely reasonable.  Everything on the menu, with the exception of ONE item, is less than 10 dollars.  I would recommend a Combo Entree.  With a Combo, you get your Meal, plus some wafers (they have a name, I just can't remember them at this time), two eggrolls, and 1 Crab Puff.  Very, very delicious.It takes about 45 minutes bare minimum for them to deliver... But it is most certainly worth it.  Quality could be better, but when you meet the woman who delivers the food, you'll know that it is pretty darn authentic.  This isn't Chinese food being made in a white man's kitchen, I will tell you that!Definitely give them a try, the prices are great, the food is tasty, the portions are huge, and the value is high.  Very nice!(4 stars because the quality of the food is not top notch, but other than that, everything is fantastic.)
4	First impressions last. So I'm going to have another delivery from this place next time. And I'm going to try the Hunan Chicken that everyone is saying, is good. I had Chicken Chopsuey and I thought it was very tasty - chicken is tender, sauce not bland, veggies are fresh. Delivery is abou 45 minutes but IMO worth it.
5	Very good place to eat.. I go here atleast 3 times a week and the owners are very good people, they always interact with their customers. I pretty much know the owners and everytime I go there they already know what I want. I highly recommend this place.
5	Could ask for better chinese delivery! I ordered Hunan at 8:30pm one night just because they were nearby and I'm super impressed. This is the place in Tempe for chinese food!The order came quickly, within 20 minutes. The order was correct and they threw in the extras that most chinese places should but some forget: sweet and sour sauce, duck sauce, crunchy noodles, and of course the fortune cookies.The quantity of food was crazy. I was barely able to finish a fourth of the meal! Left overs for days!The quality was great. The shrimp were large sized, the rice was excellent, the noodles and sauces were wonderful.Let me put it to you this way: if you need chinese food in Tempe, order from Hunan!
1	Although Hunan express took our delivery order 20 minutes before they closed, the food was half an hour late (after their 35 minute delivery estimate). The food was amazingly crappy. I ordered the Bok Choy Chicken, which was almost decent. My boyfriend ordered the Orange Chicken, which definitely made me want to throw up, first bite. Both were hugely lacking flavor.
4	Good food - I ordered beef broccoli and lemon chicken (the lemon chicken was deep-fried which I wasn't expecting, but it was alright! I'd order these again). The deep-fried wontons were great and the egg roles were some of the best I've had (not slimy on the inside like many places I've been to). I ordered delivery and it took 1h 10mins to get here :( but it came HOT so I was okay with that :)
2	The delivery is very slow. Don't be surprised after 7 PM to wait 2 hours for your food to show up. (I live 1 mile away) For the wait, the quality isn't impressive. The shrimp are never cleaned properly, so avoid if you can. Anything with the lobster sauce is un-edible. Your best bet is the chow-fun or the fried rice. Anything breaded is usually a bad bet as the food sits over an hour waiting to be delivered. The vegetables are usually overcooked as well because of the assumed time it sits being over steamed en route to your door. My biggest complaint? They never have chopsticks.
3	Ok food, generous portions.  I've ordered from here twice.  The first time was in the fall.  I ordered a Hunan chicken combo with fried rice and a small hot and sour soup.  The combo came with an egg roll, fried wontons, and a crab puff.  The fried rice was average for a Chinese food place, the sides were pretty good, and I really enjoyed the soup.  The chicken, on the other hand, was weird.  It's flavor was ok but the texture thee me off.  I barely ate any of it.  The second time I ordered, I got a Mongolian Beef combo instead.  I asked for the Mongolian beef to be extra spicy.  This time around, the sides were a bit indistinguishable.  There were two crisps that I wasn't sure.were crab puffs or wontons.  I wasn't as impressed with the hot and sour soup as I was the previous time, but it was still good.  I was also super sick and congested the first time o ordered from here so that might have been why I liked the soup so much - it was hot, tasty, and made me feel much better.  The mongoloan beef was much much better than the chicken, but only a tad bit spicy.  I'm used to that though, my taste buds can handle fire at much more intensity than average, so I'm rarely satisfied with the spicyness of what I order.   The portions are huge, though. My more recent time ordering, I ate until I was insanely full and it still looked like I hadn't made a dent in the plate. Overall, worth eating at if you want Chinese delivery in the Tempe area.  It's not the best food you'll ever have, but it will satisfy you.
1	I ordered from hunan Chinese delivery last night and was not impressed at all! I was so dissapointed when I opened it all up. I had gone on here to find a good delivery and this place had good reviews so I thought I'd try it out. The prices are good for what you all get but the quality of the food was terrible. The orange chicken was super soggy and so was the rice. I did enjoy the egg roll though. My husband ordered the teriyaki beef and didn't even want to touch it. He said looking at it just made him want to get sick. Def won't be eating the mounds of leftovers today...
1	One day I walked in and noticed the cook sitting in the dinning area, while I waited to order I notice him dig in his nose, then walk back to the kitchen and didnt wash his hands, I wasnt sure so I walked around to the kitchen to peek in and I was right...I then told the owner and his wife and they made him wash his hands. I walked out....will not be back.
5	You know what!?  I have been going to this hole-in-the-wall Chinese take-out place for about 10 years now and its time to give it its due.  I have pretty much only ordered one dish because there is no reason to order anything else here.....The Hunan Chicken.  In the 10 years some things have remained very constant:  1. The owner is very friendly and is always working. 2. This dish is always consistent and tasty. and 3.  They are very quick and cheap.   What more is there?  I'm going 5-star just based off of that.
5	Found this place back when i was a student at Al Collins Graphic Design. Best Chinese Food in Tempe. You get a huge portion for the price, and everything is oh so good. Best mom and pop Chinese cuisine around.
2	Pretty close to the best crab puffs I have ever had. The delivery was supposed to take 30 minutes according to what they quoted me, it took 60 minutes. The chicken was soggy and dry, overcooked chicken with under fried breading. I asked them to make it  "extra, extra, extra, extra, super duper spicy. as spicy as you can make it" and it was the most bland tasting breaded chicken I have had and not even close to spicy. The lo mien was spicier than the GT's chicken.I would go back if I only wanted crab puffs but that's it.
5	My boyfriend and I went to Hunan after trying a few chinese places in Chandler. When we called the lady didnt speak very good english so we knew this place would be authentic. It definately was authentic!!! We are very very satisfied with everything! Ive uploaded some pictures we ordered 3 combos and 2 sides. Cheap , Huge amounts (as shown in pictures) and service was kind and satifactory.
1	Not impressed at all! Rice is under cooked, crab puffs were inconsistent; either huge and super cheesy, or a tiny folded crisp. Shrimp tasted weird. The delivery guy kind of spilled the sauce so the bottom of the bag was drenched. Delivery speed was mediocre. Don't think I'll order from here again unless I'm desperate.
1	I love horrendous food and I love food poisoning too. In case you didn't catch that sarcasm I was referring to what I experienced the other day while eating take-out from Hunan Express. Convenient delivery but that's where the accolades end. I will stick with Mr. Hunan as a quick, tasty take-out option. The lowdown:*Dumplings are the frozen kind not made with dumpling skin but rather some weird, thick dough and deep fried. It was served on top of tons of white rice.*Kung-Pao shrimp was nothing but a bunch of diced celery, peppers and peanuts in a brown sauce. Few shrimp. Really disgusting.*Egg drop soup was okay but not homemade.*Lo-mein was soggy and a bit skeevy looking. *Cheap soy sauce that tastes like nothing and teeny egg rolls.Portions were huge but when the food is gross it is basically pointless, it's like they were trying to disguise how bad the food was by giving us a huge amount. Hey look tons of food! It's like when Homer Simpson kept eating at Doughy's even though it was terrible but was 2 for 1.
4	The Hunan special chicken is always great. The menu says that it spicy, but it's usually not which is fine. The white rice is always fluffy and delicious. Crab puffs are divine. Although they're sweet and sour dipping sauce is not the best  it's somewhat thin and water down. They always remember to include lots of soy sauce napkins and forks as well as spicy mustard and fortune cookies. Do deliveries very fast and their prices are reasonable. Have ordered from them several times and Im never disappointed. The lemon chicken chicken is tasty too.
2	"Hunan chicken is the number one seller here."  That was the beckon that was yelped at me by the manager.  It was easy enough to walk into this store front strip mall setting restuarant.  Nothing fancy but it did look clean.  And the menu on the wall had over 40 items to choose from.  And he had the fact that I really love Chinese food and that there is no place yet that i have found in a reasonable distance from Tempe Beach Park that offers a homestyle Chinese meal experience all in his favor.  I heeded the call. I got a wonton soup, eggroll, and Hunan Chicken as suggested. But OHHHH. The disappointment. To be clear.  This food knows how to take a picture.  Indeed I took several before digging in to share with you all.  Complete posing material, but not so wonderfully edible.    Sadness shook me with my first spoonful of soup.  Why did i refuse to believe the other elite member who rated this place with one star?   Why can I not resist the looks of a well disguised mutallated chicken in sauce?  I want to tell you that if you have had Chinese food just about anywhere else, you will not be pleased with this option.  No matter how sexy they can package it. Sorry.  Just don't waste your time and $10.
3	Generous portions and good sweet and sour shrimp but nothing extraordinary about their fried rice or lo mein
4	They have been consistent with service and  food we order. We have been happy, and pleased... Until one of their employees got out order wrong. They were apologetic, did not charge us, and they even gave us free appetizer. Mind you, this is a mum and pop shoppe. If you are expecting 5 star service on a 4 star restaurant... Please dine elsewhere. But if you want to actually taste the different flavours/ingredients in the food other than sweet, or salty... Give this mum and pop shoppe a go.Have recommended this spot to my colleagues. Most have been repeat diners for 3 years. ;)Cheers!Xx
2	Ewwww dude... This wasn't very good. After taking well over an hour to deliver food on a Thursday night.. It was cold, soggy, and not appetizing. I ordered the sesame chicken, which was really sweet and sour chicken sprinkled with sesame seeds. The crab puffs were soggy and under cooked. The only things thought was decent was the egg fried rice.  I have yet to find a decent delivery place in tempe, and this makes me sad :(
1	They forgot my drink and they delivered cold food they noticeably stored for a good 7 hours or so. Was not happy.
4	I've ordered from this place three or four times, and each time they've delivered in less than an hour. They are very well priced, and consistent in their quality of food. It is not the utter best chinese food I've ever had, but its pretty good and delivers later than a lot of other places. The crab puffs are the best I've ever had, anywhere, though. Seriously, they have much more "crab" and a lot less too-crunchy fried wonton stuff. the hot and sour soup is flavorful, but not that spicy. I'd prefer it more sour and more hot, myself. The hunan chicken is great, and so is the broccoli chicken. Overall, good quality food and good delivery!
1	The first time I went here, I had a decent meal. I had the Hunan special chicken and it wasn't bad. I visited again today and was very disappointed. I had the sweet and sour chicken combo today. The egg roll and wontons were okay. I believe I can make better hot and sour soup. The chicken was of very poor quality. I bit into a bad piece with gristle and cartilage. It wasn't as crispy as I like it either. I won't be going here again.
1	When we called in our office order the man who answered the phone was extremely RUDE. Absolutely ZERO courtesy!! We felt rushed when ordering and when we asked what the delivery time looked like he refused to answer. We then asked again which he finally answered 45mins and then proceeded to hang up on us --- Luckily I was able to catch him before he hung up and told him he didn't ask us weather or not we wanted white rice/fried rice or egg roll/soda for our lunch special.After telling us "it comes with fried rice already" (which on the website it clearly reads that we would have a choice) he then hung up with extreme prejudice. After feeling we would have our food spat in due to this experience, we called back to cancel the order. The company I work for is based on great service and attitude, I wouldn't subjectivity my co-workers to such bad service!
4	It was actually pretty good and you get a lot for what you pay for. I ordered with no problems everything was good they gave me more then enough food and all for 16.19 & food came early ....
5	Food is amazing. I'm outside the delivery area, but it is worth the drive. They make the egg foo young wonderful (where they put everything on top and not inside) The Moo Shoo Pork is a family favorite, but they do run out at times (it's that good) Hot and sour sizzling rice soup and the sesame chicken are some other favorites. A definite family run business they make common human errors, but always correct it and are always friendly when face to face.
5	Hands down the BEST crab puffs I've ever had. I'm comparing this to the many Chinese places I've been to in San Francisco and LA and OMG it's heavenly explosions of creamy cheesy fried goodness!!I've had their fried race and it's pretty delicious and they gave big portions. I'm not sure why they're not rated higher. I mean, this is a hole in the wall, not a fancy family restaurant or anything. Lack of ambiance, but it's really cheap, good eats. Egg rolls are good too :)
1	Don't order here unless you have TWO hours to wait for delivery. This "restaurant " is affiliated with GrubHub and they don't even bother notify them of delays. After several calls with GrubHub I called Human Express and was told "We very busy!" I am HAPPY a little business is doing so well. Our food finally arrived literally two hours later without any apology. "Adequate food" is generous. If you are wanting quick delivery this isn't it!
5	I've been coming here for about 7/8 years now and it's one of the BEST Chinese restaurants in Tempe. It's affordable and the amount of food you get is so worth it. I always get the Hunan Special Chicken and it's never a disappointment. The house fried rice is good too as well as the crab puffs. The couple that owns it is so friendly! They know my family and I because we're loyal customers and every time we go in with the kids they always give us a big bag of fortune cookies, who can say no to that?!
5	This restaurant is a testament to the golden rule of restaurants around phoenix. While there are many nice places to eat with a lot of ambiance and good food, the restaurants with the BEST food will be in little nothing-special-easy-to-miss-places. Another little rule to go by when eating in phoenix is: if the food is ethnic and people who are of that ethnic background are cooking the food, then it's going to be awesome. If you want ambiance go to a museum, If you want killer food around Phoenix then places like Hunan Express are the way to go. I will definitely be making Hunan express a weekly tradition.  Hunan Express conforms to the rules and as expected, the food was insanely good. My brother and I ordered take out, we shared the $20 dinner special (which says feeds 2-3 it actually could feed 4 easily) when we started eating we both had the same epiphany "holy shit this food is awesome". the Eggrolls were delicious and the egg drop soup kicked-ass. go with the Hunan chicken you won't be sorry.
5	We have been dining here for about a handful of years. More often than not, this mum and pop shoppe's been consistent with delivering great customer service... And food that are tastier than Panda Express! No. This place is not perfect for everybody. However, this works for us - price, location, customer service, consistency, and food variety! ^_^
2	Not even the fortune cookie was good! I paid about $8 for rice and vegetables. My egg drop soup consisted of Campbell's soup. That's it. I mean, this place reminds me I really need to take up cooking because, I just got robbed. The only reason I have it two stars is because it's local. Other than that, I came here to eat rice, peanuts, and Campbell's soup. Dammit!
4	This place has been here since I was in high school and I still go here whenever I have cravings for some good Chinese food. The two people who work or run the place there know who I am because of the amount of times I've been there. They are very nice people and run a nice little place. They offer a lot of items on the menu anything ranging from fried rice, chicken, shrimp entrees, and appetizers such as crab puffs. There is really only one thing I get and that is the Hunan Special Chicken with fried rice. I think it comes out to be under $10. So, not bad at all. The Hunan Special Chicken is a lightly battered chicken with their special sauce. I usually go light on the sauce and add some hot oil to the fried rice. Man, it always comes out like the best chinese food I've ever had. They give out really generous portions and trust me you won't leave not feeling full. You basically feel like you're going into a food coma, lol. I usually order the Hunan Special Chicken as stated above, but have tried other items such as general tso's chicken, house fried rice, crab puffs, and their fried shrimp. All are very good. I wasn't disappointed. All in all of all the times I came here there hasn't been anything that has bothered me. It is basically a small chinese shop with very polite people who love to serve you their food. Anytime I'm craving that chicken, I will certainly be here because it is one of the best in my opinion!
4	If you feel like Chinese this place is definitely better and better prices than Panda. It does take awhile for them to make your food so I would call ahead of time even when no ones there but their spicy chicken, lemon shrimp, pork is always awesome with fried rice. Normally I don't like lo mein but theirs has just enough sauce and tastes so fresh.
