4	I was sitting in my hotel room today and I decided I wanted to find some local Las Vegas flavor off of The Strip.  An antique store sounded like the perfect way to find something unusual, so I Yelp'ed it and found a number of options.  I started my journey by heading to the Red Rooster Antique Mall (closing 7/15/10) when I stumbled upon the Charlston Antique Mall, which is just next door.As I wandered through the place, I couldn't help but think about how similar it was to the San Francisco Antique Mall.  Basically, it is a large space with a series of small booths and rooms, provided by different antique vendors.  Definitely a fun place to walk around.A few things you might find include:1. Casino matchbooks, ash trays, dice, cards, soap bars, and memorabilia ($5+)2. Vintage video game systems by Sega and Coleco ($25-85)3. Chandeliers, paintings, furniture, and asian art ($50-250+)4. Star Wars items and other collectibles5. Yellow ostrich shoes (Size 13 men's)and so much more..The people in the store were very friendly and asked if I needed assistance finding anything in particular.  Most of the people appered to be vendors working on their displays and what not, and they all seemed to be enjoying themselves and socializing.I did not find an excessive amount of Las Vegas memorabilia, which is what I was hoping to find, but they did have an amazing assortment of stuff (see photos).  Plan to spend at least an hour, because it will take that long to just walk through and glance at everything.Prices seemed high on some items and low on others.  That is likely the result of having many different vendors.  There are certainly some deals, depending on what you are looking for.  Don't be afraid to negotiate.
5	The Charleston Antique Mall is a really fun place, filled with all kinds of really interesting, unique merchandise. The place is huge, so it'll definitely keep you entertained as you walk around, and there's a little something for everyone--pin-up pictures, jewelry, tiki stuff, old casino memorabilia, cowboy boots and tooled leather purses, TV and movie merchandise, a lot of awesome mod furnishings... I even saw a taxidermied bat there on my last trip! The staff is really friendly and the booths are well-organized, especially considering the sheer volume of stuff there is! Some of the prices can be a little questionable, but that's typical of antique malls, in my experience.I'm a big vintage clothing fan, so of course that's what I focus on. There's some vintage clothing and accessories throughout, but most of it is concentrated in three rooms--one for men's, two for women's. It's one of the better places to buy vintage in Las Vegas--the prices are halfway between Buffalo Exchange's and the Attic's, and I'd say the selection is comparable to the Attic's, maybe a little better. The pieces are really great, too--a lot of beautifully preserved, very glamorous clothing from the 50s and 60s. Even if you don't wear vintage, you'll have a great time looking! I highly recommend a visit, whether you're a native looking for some new home furnishings or a tourist looking to see what Vegas is like off the strip.
4	There are a bunch of antique shops in this area but this is my favorite. There's a little bit of everything here...tiki art, vintage clothing from the 60s & 70s, books, fur coats, Vegas memorabilia, costume jewelry, figurines, records, toys, housewares, etc. On my last visit I purchased a Lumitime clock in excellent condition & a vintage flower suitcase, both for less than what I would have paid on eBay. Be prepared to spend at least a couple of hours here as there are quite a few stalls to peruse.
3	Love this place.  Great selection of vintage clothing.  Prices are not cheap but I always find something when I visit.  I go once or twice a year.  However, I must say that the thrift stores in the Vegas area have an equally diverse selection if you are patient enough to visit them all.
4	If you have some time to kill, you can definitely do it here.If you think that you're not into antiques, you may be surprised.  They cover a lot of various subject matter here.  There are a lot of modern things, and it's not all reminiscent of your grandmother's porcelain raccoon figurine collection.There are a few notable areas of interest: A Tiki section, a large book area, toy sections, vintage clothes, casino memorabilia....  I've found everything from just a few short years ago to "Oh hey!  I had that... as a... kid...." as the horrifying realization sinks in that some of my favorite childhood items are now considered "antiques".  And then I buy it.  It truly is a vicious cycle.But there's all kinds of crazy things from the 1950's-1970's, and some of it is so random and eclectic, that it's fun to browse.  Of course, not all of it is perfect, but perseverance pays off, and it's common to find some "hidden awesome".  The place is big, though.  You'll spend some time walking, but it's not hard to navigate, and there are staff around pretty regularly for help.The biggest  downside of this place is that it is weird to get to.  You have to do some really strange navigating, as while this place is ON Charleston, it's not OFF OF Charleston.  You have to go some crazy side street back way to get to it.  I left a "Quick Tip" on here with basic directions, so hopefully, that gives something of an idea.All in all, it's a fun place to visit if you are entertaining a lazy afternoon.
5	At first I thought this was a wee little dinky Antique shop that I would never go to because i'm just not into Antiques.  I was  Christmas Shopping for a "collector" that I know.  Upon stepping into the store, I came face to face in what seemed like a never ending road of awesomeness!  This place is huge.. the swapmeet of Antique Stores!  What really caught my attention were all the treasures and nick nacks from ol' Las Vegas!  My family migrated to Vegas in the 60's so i'm a sucker for Algiers matchbooks and the recent Sahara Hotel memorabelia.  Charleston most deff popped my Antique Cherrywood!
4	I can not being to tell you how much stuff  you will find here.Go with reasonable expectations and be surprised. Prices are realistic, the lay out is comfortable and they have coffee :)
4	So pretty much this place is awesome. I consider myself an antique store expert since I am always trolling stores in Southern California on a regular basis. I am also an ebay nut...Stuff I look for includes vintage jewelery, clothing, stuff from the 50's that is not kitchy, 50's-60's kitchen items, cat eye glasses and on and on. Well. This place is FANTASTIC. Costume Jewelry selection is excellent with awesome pricing. Look at vendor 50 if you really want an eyeful o' shiney enticing well priced specimens. Also, vintage furniture is top notch and well priced, tiki room is in the mix, early playboy mags, vegas and casino  memorbilia...and did I mention the great prices! When you go in they give you a number and then have associates regularly roaming the store to open cases for you. Customer service was excellent and the selection was amazing. To really get through this place and give it it's due, you need about three hours. Bring a couple of pieces of candy to quell your hunger pangs as you move along cause once you get in, you'll never want to leave--They do have coffee as well as some kind dealer souls who understand your plight and leave hard candy for you to NOM so you don't pass out during your adventure. If you like antiques, good old stuff and a great selection, there is no two ways about it, GO TO THIS PLACE!
5	amazing overwhelming store full of treasures for the retro nostalgic lover.
5	First time I went to this place I spent 3 1/2 hours in there. I swear I probably walked the whole place at least twice. Great GREAT selection and the prices are definitely fair. I've spent alot of time there and the best part is that each time you can always find a new treasure as the dealers are always bringing in new stuff and keeping things fresh. I love LOVE antique shopping and if you're in Vegas this is definitely the place to go! Also want to note that they will be moving their location so starting April 1st-29th 2012 they will be discounting a ton of items!!! last day open at charleston location will be 4/29 and they will then be moving to 560 S. Decatur, next to Arizona Charlies in the old Peter Piper Pizza building
5	New Location is now open as of July 1st 2012560 S. Decatur, next to Arizona Charlies in the old Peter Piper Pizza building
4	So, I've lived in Vegas for nearly 12 years now and I always wanted to visit the original Charleston Antique Mall location upon passing. It's been one of those places that I've made a mental note of wanting to visit for the past 12 years and finally after they relocated, I am finally able to check it off my list.Let me start off by saying I loooove antique shops. I'm one of those people that can pick up an antique item and formulate a history of who the item belonged to, what their life was like, and what the item meant to them. Yeah, I'm a bit strange. I often enter antique shops and feel an eerie sense of haunting and paranormal attachment. However, in the Charleston Antique Mall, I didn't quite feel that (which is a good thing). It could also be the fact that my inner self was well aware of the fact that the current location is what used to be a Peter Piper Pizza aka TONS O' FUN! I personally enjoyed walking through the Mall. They have it broken up into many different sections which makes for an experience like walking through an antique museum. They seem to have arranged items according to certain themes, which I loved. Looking at the prices of many of the items, they seem quite reasonable as well. I easily lost track of time walking through the entire Mall.As a huge sports buff, the only thing I wish they had more of was sports related items. I hope to see more in the future--I will be making frequent visits!
5	5 stars may seem a bit steep, as it denotes perfection, but coming from the Bay Area where everything is overpriced, I was pleasantly surprised. Like most antique malls this place is broken down by different sellers booths. Different sellers equals different personalities, collections and *ahemm* pricing. You really have to comb through the whole mall to find that perfect piece you never knew you needed. I found a taxidermy piece and a working cuckoo clock for half the price they normally would be in urban (ie. picked over) cities. Please note though that you may find the word antique to be a misnomer. I would say the majority of the things here hail from the 60s (which is fine by me) and wouldn't be considered "antiques". But what do you expect from a city that's so young?
4	This place has some amazing collections! I could spend a day wandering the booths and still not see it all.I have to say a lot of items are priced high, but there are a lot of amazing treasures. I purchased a lemon yellow lamp from the 60's for $35, and old clock radio from the 80's. The staff was nice, and helpful when some items were not priced.I know it's a new store since they moved a while back. It's seems clean and organized. Can't wait to go back.
3	Visited at the former location and really liked it. I bought a lot of vintage jewelry among other things. The owner and staff were very helpful. Can't wait to get back to LV and see the new location.
4	I wanted to go to the old location (Charleston/15 fwy) before it moved to its current location (Ross shopping center, kitty corner from the Arizona Charlie's casino), but didn't make it there until this past weekend. I wasn't sure how it worked, because it seemed like the booth owners were not around, mostly customers on a saturday afternoon. MY FIL told me that the lady walking around the entire store, has the keys, and she shows you the items if the case is locked. The clerk then calls the booth owner, and then you work out a deal that way (you can haggle- those marked prices are open to negotiation). I liked looking at all the Vintage Jewelry (97% of the jewelry were in glass cases). A few pieces caught my eye, I noticed Sarah Coventry (one of my favorite Vintage jewelry designers). In particular, the green rhinestone pieces are of heavy interest to me. Some of the items were a little creepy to me, like the ancient baby clothes, old dolls (I don't like dolls, especially the ones with the long curly eyelashes), taxidermy (that always freaked me out), and some pieces that were common for the time (the racial representations- I know that there are collectors, but it's not for me, just saying). Some pieces were fun to handle, like the 1940s womens hats (hell yes!) and the metal lunch pails from the 1970s (nostalgia!). There were some Coke & Pepsi glassware. Also, saw glass housewares- bowls, decorative items- figurines (ie. dust collectors), furniture (some art deco! i love art deco!), books, period clothing, records- vinyl, etc. I bet you could find an outfit here if you were attending a theme party- like 1970s, 1980s. There were some cute dresses on display, on mannequins or hanging high on a wall- some of those styles like everything else, have been recycled (I have to laugh when teens today think that the style is new, it's not new, it's been done before, unless you're Lady Gaga). The bathroom (middle, right side, if you are facing the front of the store space) has a baby changing station- ok, I never really paid much attention to this. Now that I have a baby, it's the utmost importance. Other parents, you know what I mean.Clean place- carpeted floor BTW, the bathroom is for customers only (noticed the sign in the window), lots of parking available, open daily. The clerk was nice, and directed us to the bathroom. This used to be a Pistol Pete's Pizza in the 1990s. It's a substantial place inside- if you like window-shopping, this is the place for you. It's better than the Fantastic Indoor Swap Meet, in my opinion. And I'm coming back for some of those vintage jewelry pieces, sometime soon.
5	A MUST for every Vegas trip. I have to come here every time I am in Vegas! This place ROCKS! It is a huge place with so much cool stuff, good prices and the staff is cool and helpful. Every time I come here I find a treasure to take home with me! I love this place!
5	Great antique mall! Good selection of vintage Vegas stuff. Many cases with jewelry and other small items. Spent 3 hours exploring and left this place with some serious treasure. The staff was super nice and helpful.
5	I am finally submitting my review for this awesome antique/vintage store. This is our second visit and it was just as great as the first! It is mind boggling all of the goodies they have jam packed in every crevice! It took us one complete hour just to walk through and see everything! We always pick up some cute vintage knick knack for our home when we go! The service is really good with a super friendly staff!My sweetheart and I simply love this cute store and have a blast browsing at everything!The prices are reasonable in our opinion and so many great items to select from. Do not come here if you do not have at least 45 minutes to spare as it will take you that long at least to make a circle through everything!5 stars all of the way! We will be back for more shopping!
4	I used to frequent the old location to fill the empty corners of my home with interesting and some one of a kind knick knacks. Although this new location feels quite a bit smaller than the other place there are still plenty of treasures. I am glad it is in an easier accessed location. I hope this attracts more people who just happen upon the place. Anything you could possibly be looking for is here! There are stalls with vast collections of hard to find Disney items and others with museum quality Persian pots and hand made life sized Thai marionettes! This is THE place to come when looking for unique and interesting gifts as well!
4	When I lived in Vegas (up until 2011), this place didn't exist.  We spotted it during our most recent Vegas trip and decided to drop in to check it out.  We were pleasantly surprised to find an awesome store full of antique booths.I wandered around browsing the booths for about 1 hour while The Better Half shopped the jewelry cabinets up front.  After 1 hour, she was still in the same area!  That says a lot about the variety of items they have.  She walked away buying several Silver pieces of Southwestern and Native American jewelry.  She then spent another 2 hrs browsing the other booths while I went next door to the casino to watch basketball.  We've added this to our rotation of Antique Stores to visit on a regular.Return Factor - 95%
3	There is a very diverse selection of things here.  The prices vary depending on the seller for the most part the staff has always been friendly and helpful.  We have always found something here we can't live without lol.  The only complaint I have is one of the sellers. When my wife and I were there last I found a pinball machine that was perfect for my man cave.  I had been looking for something like this for quite a while.  The machine was plugged in and I played a game on it and was about ready to purchase when a man came up behind me and told me "if your not going to buy it the I don't want you playing it, if it breaks I lose $1200".  I was so appalled at his attitude I just left without saying anything else.  I guess his mouth cost him $1200 not the pinball machine. Oh we'll I guess I have to keep looking for a machine to put in the man cave.
5	This is a good antique mall...lots to look at so make the time. Best in Vegas.
5	Nice clean space with lots of vendors. Courteous staff.
1	Just visited this store based upon other Yelp Reviews. As a serious antiquer, this was not a place I will return to. There was a whole lot of new items, vintage and retro, but very, very little actual antiques. Disappointing!
5	A great antique mall for locals a visitors alike...well managed and with great vendors. We stop whenever we are in town!
5	Great antique mall.  Lots of vendors, helpful staff.  Will definitely return if I am ever in Las Vegas again.
3	I love the new location. You never know what you will find. Although you will find great deals and sales over all I feel things are over priced. The Staff is all amazing friendly and alert. Well lighted and open wide walkways its easy to find a path to be able to hit all the stalls.
5	I live in Los Angeles and EVERY TIME I go to Las Vegas this place is a MUST.Unique items, great prices and amazing staff!I don't find something to buy every time I go, but when I do it is EPIC!Please do not shop here...I want all the great finds for myself :PSeriously, this place is top notch..give them a shot...if you are disappointed and don't come back, all the more sweet finds for me!(I will post a more complete review with images of awesome items I bought soon)
4	I like to browse through the selection here every couple of months. The selection leans towards more retro/kitsch than truly old antiques, but there is a good selection of clothing, interesting furniture, lighting, etc. there are also interesting vintage vegas items such as old show posters and occasionally old props or showgirl items. I would say the pricing is in the mid range- not a thrift store, but also not the really high-end specialty antiques found in some of the downtown stores.
5	What a wonderful place. My son took me here after a bad experience at another antique mall. It was great! We looked for several hours. The employees were very helpful and friendly. There were so many items to look at and such a wide variety. We were both able to get items. The prices were very reasonable. It is absolutely a place that we will be going back to.
4	Pretty cool place.  Big, with lots of booths.The staff seemed really nice and friendly and there were lots of different types of items in the booths.  Very eclectic.
5	I've been coming here for 12 years. They have been at this location for 2 of those years. The staff is very helpful and friendly. I always find something. I come here once a week. My favorite is George, he rocks!!!!
5	A marvelous collection of items at very reasonable prices. Each time I come in discover the perfect item for transforming a standard condo into a unique and comfortable home. The venders all work together to provide great customer service offering suggestions and insight into locating that "missing piece". I collect Lenox and desert rose Franciscan many venders shelves are stocked making it fun to pick and choose to rebuild my set
5	Love it love it love itYou need to check this place outThey have just about everything. ..If you haven't been.    Go its free!
5	I spent 3 hours here on a Monday afternoon just perusing all of the booths. There is so much to look at that at first it is a little overwhelming! Stuff behind stuff behind stuff is a good way to describe the organization style (or lack thereof), but trust me, it is a good thing! If you are willing to spend the time, you can unearth some amazing finds. Vintage clothing and jewelry,  furniture,  toys, baby items, silver and crystal, music and movie memorabilia, collectibles,tiki, pin-up, and Victorian decor....absolutely everything you can imagine. And the prices were not over-the-top, either. I found a beautiful and sturdy red accent table (shoved in a corner underneath a vintage birdcage) for $20! Even the nice ladies at the checkout were amazed at the price.  I have a feeling that I will be spending many more of my Monday afternoons here...
5	I had so much fun in the store!!! Everyone was super friendly, and so many great things to see! The lay out of the store is a bit off, it was hard to walk, and remember which way you where heading... BUT, it is a fabulous store! I spent about 2 hours just searching and looking... left with 2 items that were great finds! Make sure you visit this Antique shop while in Vegas!
5	Being pretty new to the antiques arena, it is nice to find friendly, helpful people willing to chat in this multi-dealer store. Make sure to look up, down and all around or you are sure to miss that special item hidden amongst the many gems.Go in planning to spend a few hours wandering though the many aisles. Then if you find something, don't be surprised if one of the helpful staff offers to take it to the front and offers you a numbered clothes pin in exchange. Its all part of the plan and charm.
4	I love places like this. There is something for everyone and for every occasion.   Ample parking.  Comfortable atmosphere.  Helpful staff.  Thank you for adding to my Vegas experience!  Much better place to leaves money - over the casino.  :)
5	You could spend a whole day in the Charleston Antique Mall and still not see everything they have to offer. They have your basic antique genre fare, but since this is Las Vegas, they also have many LV themed items. Looking for Liberace's telephone, or Elvis' toupee?? Well, you just might find it here. Sacrilege I say, Elvis never wore a wig. The cashiers were very friendly here and the bathrooms were clean. There was only one grumpy booth owner that scolded a couple from touching things in his stall. Other than that, everyone was happy to help and answer questions.
2	Very disappointed I bout a bunch of stuff today and all was marked decently when I cashed out I dnt even think about how much it was till later they charged me 42 bucks for a book that was makes 24 what the heck
4	They tell me that The Charleston Antique Mall was voted "Best in Vegas" and I can see why! Although I'm a big fan of all things mid century modern, I don't normally get too excited about antique malls because of my limited patience and shopping stamina but whenever my mother visits, it's become tradition that we come here. I've only been to about 3 other antique malls in town and although they all have their attributes, it really seems that this one has hit the sweet spot for a good selection of quality items and for the most part (depending on the booth), good prices. I also appreciate the staff who are very friendly and eager to help. If it was closer to where I live, I might visit more often but I'm sure that every time mom is in town, we'll be back!
5	Outstanding antique mall! Very clean and organized.  Plan to spend some time here because it is huge!
1	Ok. I hate to give any family owned business a 1 star. But i had a terrible experience. I went in to the store. Looked like it was big and had good merchandise. I am a teenager. I know my antiques. I collect them. The ladies at the counter started questioning me. Here is the deal: i understand that teens don't care about antiques. BUT: You never know who has money and who doesn't. I was ready to spend money. But then the 2 ladies at the counter were acting like i was going to steal. Is that how you treat a customer? Saying that they don't usually allow teens in without parents, and a group of teens-  definitely not. Really? Say that you don't want teens in your store. One customer is going to come in and file a lawsuit against you for discrimination. They did let me in, and as my ride left, i was stuck there. So i looked around.  The other dealers were nice to me. Thank goodness for that.On to the store:Big, saw lots of new items from 2000s. Overpriced. Confusing, easy to get lost in, as the booth layout is strange.A few bits:I'm a dealer and a constant customer at one antique store near me, and they never once acted like i'm going to steal, as they welcome all people, ages, ETC . They have a great customer service model, and i will go there , but never again to the Charleston antique  mall, as their model is messed up, if that even can begin to describe it. Guess customer service at Charleston Antique Mall is good for customers way older than teenagers?  Because that is NO way to treat any customer, because you never know who has money, and i did. And was ready to spend, but now when ever i go to Vegas, they will lose this customer. Shame.
5	I freaking love this place!!! I have been shopping here for 20 years. It used to be downtown by the old bread Bakery off of Charleston. The new building is not as rustic,  but it is still packed with all kinds of goodies. Recently I found the most adorable puzzle box for my granddaughter that was carved out in the shape of a puppy.  It's very cool. She loved it. I can spend hours just browsing through the different little sections.
5	Big place with a lot to see. I've always felt welcome when I walk through the door. If you have a couple hours of free time, go check it out! Lots of neat stuff!
4	Best antique store in Vegas by far. We spent literally like 5 hours and enjoyed everything we bought. Plus the first of the year sale is a must go!
