3	Nothing like a new gym just in time for the Resolution Rush! South Side has a few smaller, non-corporate gyms, but frankly I hadn't come to terms with paying for a membership, as my complex has a relatively decent facility that we use for free. That said, with all the glitz and glamour of the LA Fitness sign blazing above 27th Street (and as a self-proclaimed workout whore), I signed myself and 3 friends up for a family plan a couple days before opening. Total sucker, I know. For those of you looking at plans, make sure they give you ALL of the options. It's a younger group doing the sales and some of them seem a bit unfamiliar with the contracting process - but, it's a monthly membership with a cancel-anytime policy (forfeiting that god-forsaken enrollment fee that all gyms charge now ...) The facility itself is new, beautiful, clean, and modern. Two levels split the weights and strength machines (downstairs - free weights up to 75-100 lbs, and machines out the wazoo) from the cardio equipment, spinning room, class room and lockers (upstairs). There is a sauna in the women's locker room, plenty of lockers and changing space (bring your own lock). For those of you more accustomed to BSC or the more upscale gyms, this certainly is not such - no towel service, no protein/smoothie bar, no pool and no basketball/racquetball court. Other notes of interest ... to anyone who might work there ... - Twice in two days the women's restroom I've visited has been out of TP. Grr.- Are there no equipment wipes for a reason? I didn't see anyone cleaning anything ... I feel like this is a health issue - Please e-mail the class schedules; no one is going to remember to check your website. No offense, we just won't. Word on the street is they've had ~1800 enrollments, well below what they expected, but it was crowded tonight, from 5-7. Interested to see how the crowd evolves over the next couple of months, though.
4	I have been waiting and waiting and waiting some more for this particular gym to open!  I live in Mt. Washington, so there's very limited options for working out.  The South Hills is out because the traffic is just horrid and too far.  Downtown is out because there's no parking and the same sitch was happening with the South Side.  I mysteriously received a flyer on my car back in September and was so psyched.  Come to find out it wasn't opening until the winter, which was like forever!But finally this week, I was able to walk into a beautiful new gym.  Convenient to me, WITH 2 hours free validated parking in the garage.  Perfect!  The bottom floor is all weight machines and free weights.  The top floor has a classroom, cycle room and a large open room filled with treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and all those other fancy machines (I wish I knew the fancy term for those elliptical/treadmill hybrids).  There's a nice size locker room, but remember to bring your lock.  They have about 8 showers and a sauna.  I did notice there's no towels, which kinda sucks, but isn't too big a deal...I'll just wipe the sweat on my shirt:)I like that the contract is month to month and they don't lock you in for a whole year.  You just never know what will happen and I hate to have a full year in lock down.  They also guarantee the rate you sign up for is the rate you'll have forever.  So when you sign up, they make you pay your initiation fee and your first and last month dues.  That last month is their "promise" to never raise rates on you.  I'm still a bit cautious on that, but we'll see!The class schedule literally just came out, but I'm really excited for Pilates, Yoga, Bootcamp and some Abs classes.  Don't tell anyone, but I may take some hip hop classes too (I like to dance, but man am I horrible with choreographed moves!).  I'll have to give you an update on classes later...let's just hope I make it to the gym for a couple months straight!
1	This place is run by a bunch of incompetent meat-heads, from the manager all the way through the corporate tree.  They promised a charity event a free year membership to give away, never followed through on it.  Instead they tried to use the fundraiser to run their marketing campaign.  When brought to corporate attention, they just shoved it off, and could have cared less.  Talk about giving your corporation a horrible image.  Not only did it make LA fitness look stupid, but it made the charity, look bad, and lose the support of many contributing partners.  The estimated loss of charity donations from this is over $5k.  Good job LA fitness, keep up the selfish greedy business practices.
3	Though this gym is pretty and new (just opened in January), I haven't been extremely impressed with the location. The primary problem is the Southside demographic - young students and professionals who all want to work out between 5-7pm. The gym gets packed at this time, and the second floor is filled to capacity on the elliptical machines and treadmills. When the gym opened, I started taking Zumba (Tuesdays at 5:45pm) and Body Works Plus Abs (Thursdays at 5:45pm). The Zumba class was so packed that I would almost knock someone in the head with every movement. On a couple evenings, the room became so full and humid that the windows fogged up and the floor became slippery. Disgusting! And dangerous! I personally enjoy going to another location, even though this gym is more convenient for me.
2	The sales staff are numerous and very friendly, but it seems to end there. They do not have any authority to make changes to member accounts, and they certainly don't help keep the place clean. It is not unusual that the locker room trash cans are over flowing with paper towels. I was particularly impressed by the coat rack hangers loaded with underwear (in the men's locker room)... who does that??? I guess that's a good reason to bring a a padlock for the lockers. There is only one scale in the place (inconveniently placed by the sales associates). There are only 11 channels available on the cardio-machine televisions (including locals). It's home to the worst music in the South Side, playing at all hours, too!
3	This gym is ok.It is ALWAYS crowded.  I go when they open at 5am.  By the time I leave at 6:30am the place is packed.The clientele are mostly   twenty something males and I have heard from young women that also go(more often WENT) here that this can be a big problem if you are a woman.  Having been here I can see why these women are uncomfortable.Personally being a 30 something man with grey hair I feel I do not have these issues. If these lads want to stare at my ass, have at it but perhaps I am losing my sex appeal.The TV's on the machines have 11 channels.  How awful.  It's like the 1950's.The sole redeeming quality of the place is the spin classes.  They have excellent keiser m3 bikes and the the teachers, while not great are good enough.  They also have those stair machines that are like escalators. A big plus. There is also a very good selection of weights and weight machines downstairs.The locker rooms are fine. Reasonably clean.
2	I'm horrified by my experience today. It. Smelled. Awful!And here's the thing. Gyms probably naturally smell awful. But it's the staff/gyms job to not let that smell linger. Of course there's going to be sweat, B.O. and God knows what else lingering long past your work out. But I'd think it should be one of the main objectives to keep it smelling fresh, because you'd want to keep people coming in.But here's the thing. I'm paying for not only the use of the machinery, but also the actual space. Do I want to work out in a place that smells like stale B.O.? No way! I want to work out in a clean, properly air conditioned and comfortable space. None of these things are happening here right now. That brings me to my next point. Every summer the place suffers from stale and poorly ventilated air. What does that mean? It's freakin' hot in herre! I'd understand you wouldn't want to work out in an ice box. But this isn't a sauna either. It's awful and you can tell it's not supposed to that way. I'll leave you with this final fact. I hopped on the elliptical today and there was gum on the front part where you'd put your cell phone. Seriously?? That's rude for the person that did that, but rude that no one would clean that up. I'm honestly disgusted at this point. I hope they clean up their act (literally) or I may take my sweat somewhere else that does a better job masking it.
3	All I can say is not a friendly staff. I stopped in to inquire about memberships on a drop-in basis since I travel.  $15 a visit is high.  Didn't want to provide any other information or to take my name. Told me to visit or call another day.  Looked like a decent workout place and nice to get free parking.
2	So how is this gym now that the peak period has died down?It still "feels" crowded no matter what.  The Cardio machines still get pretty full in the early morning.  There may be no wait now but the number of machines taken is generally high.  The weight area just betrays the places book store roots.  No matter if there are two people or twenty this gym's weights area looks and feels like it has a lot of of people.  The bathrooms are often dumps.  There is no overnight cleaning crew and while the guy who comes in in the morning tries to clean it up he's just fighting a losing battle of constantly overflowing trash cans, people leaving messes behind etc.If it wasn't so conveniently located and didn't have very good spin classes and good teachers I would probably leave this gym behind.
2	The gym is nice and the people are friendly BUT the women's bathroom is disgusting. I have been in cleaner rest stop bathrooms. There is never toilet paper, always feces on the toilet seats, garbage can is always over flowing with dirty paper towels. It is just gross. I called and reported it but it has yet to get better.
3	This branch of LA fitness seems to be on the mend.  The morning staff are quite friendly and the club seems to be making a real effort to keep the place clean.  The mornings are less crowded and the clientele has matured a good bit in the last year, which has really made the place more pleasant to work out in.The TV's on the treadmills still suck, the spin bikes still need more regular maintenance, but it seems like the morning staff at least are doing what they can.
2	I started going to LA Fitness a few years ago when they bought out Ballys.  The only reason I keep going there is because I have a low rate locked in.  I've been to 2 other locations in Pittsburgh (North Hills and East Liberty) and this is definitely my least favorite.  The equipment is nice and they will validate your parking in the garages--I can't really think of anything else positive.  The gym is packed with college age kids. I have no idea why they choose to pay $35 a month here instead of going to the free university gym.   The first floor smells OK.  Try to breathe through your mouth if you're on the 2nd floor in the summer.  The locker rooms are pretty dirty and usually packed.    If you're not comfortable around  crowds definitely stay away in peak hours.  LA Fitness corporate really pushes their sales people  to keep their gyms at maximum capacity.  They know how cheap Pittsburghers are so they will deal with it.   I also would advise some noise-canceling headphones because the music (Katy Perry, Bruno Mars, etc.) is really loud.  It's not a terrible place, but they do deserve all these bad reviews.
1	No stars. This place is repulsive. The locker rooms are never clean, nothing is disinfected, and explain to me how a toilet seat in a health club has cigarette burns. HEALTH DEPARTMENT PLEASE SHUT THIS PLACE DOWN!!!!!  There is what appears to be black mold growing in the men's locker room.Oh yeah the staff, besides the class leaders, are lazy.  Get up and clean something!  8 people sitting at desks doing nothing and nobody walking around checking on things. Oh yeah, why can't you find a national contact number or email???IThis place sucks!!!  Someone please buy them out!!!
2	I normally would never step foot in here, but had a free guest pass so decided to give it a try. It could be that I'm a little spoiled from the luxuries at my school's gym, but my experience at LA Fitness Southside wasn't all that great. Yes, it's spacious and there are lots to do. The staff members are friendly and helpful. However, it smells like MOLDY SOCKS in there. I understand that gyms are supposed to be filled with sweat, but there's only a certain level that a human being can tolerate. Not only is the odor unbearable, but also the air is stuffy and hot. It's not that sanitary either. People don't wipe up the equipment after each use. I don't blame them though because there aren't enough sanitizer pumps around. Each floor literally had 3 sanitizer pumps. I think I spent more time looking for sanitizer pumps than working out. Overall, I do not recommend investing in the LA Fitness in Southside. Try out a different location or just run around outside. LA Fitness, please invest in some SANITIZER WIPES!!
4	If you're someone who goes to the gym to actually workout then there is nothing wrong with this Well I do agree the locker rooms are not the cleanest they could be, I know that can be pretty unappealing to some people. Plus most of the trainers walk around with some sort of chip on their shoulder, for what reason I don't know. But regardless if you're someone who goes to the gym to train then suck it up, put in your headphones, and go train and not worry about dirty bathrooms
4	This gym is great, I mean I come here to workout only. I'm not a fan of the restrooms or locker rooms either, but since my intentions here are to workout I don't really care that much. The trainers do have a weird thing going on, not all of them but around 2-3 of them behave like robots.The morning is the best time to go, cleaner, way emptier and friendlier, everybody knows each other, 4 stars.
4	Decent big box gym for a business traveler.   If you like big box gyms you will love LA Fitness.   Lots of mirrors,  lots of machines,  lots of bench pressing young men who study their biceps in the mirror in between sets and walk around with their arms flexed for the college girls. I'd kill for some bumper plates, some kettlebells and  more pull up stations away the from cable cross machine where guys can flex their biceps while admiring themselves in the mirror. But,  overall a decent facility with good free weights and a great DB selection. $15/day is pricey but about average for most gyms.   I wouldn't shower here. The bathrooms are kind of funky. In the early am it is not too crowded and street parking is free.   There are lots of multi-story garages nearby for parking too.
3	After using the PNC YMCA's facilities for nearly two years, I decided to switch gyms due to price and location, and that's the very same reason I'm still at LA Fitness South Side to this day. When the gym first opened, it was decent. Clean, friendly staff, brand new equipment; however, overtime things have gone down hill at this location. First of all, the place smells. It's like the air is just dead and flat and there is no circulation. I've asked several employees why on some days it's so muggy and they say that they have no control over the temperature of the building - it's corporate's decision. Now, speaking of the unsettling atmosphere, the maintenance is very minimal. Almost any time I go the paper towel dispensers they are empty and the garbage cans are full (and this includes in the locker rooms as well!). It also doesn't make sense to me that there are only a few dispensers and anti-bacterial wipes around the gym. I shouldn't have to wander around the gym looking for one only to find it's empty. Now onto the equipment... this is one of the positives about this location. Everything is fairly new and they do a good job at fixing things as soon as it breaks or begins to wear. I've been to many gyms and LA Fitness definitely has the best equipment, which is what saved this review from having three stars rather than two. Only problem is because the gym isn't that big, the place is unbearable from about 4 PM to around 9 PM, making it hard to workout because of the crowd. Their free weights section is probably the biggest of all of LA Fitness locations in the city that I've been to, however it's always crowded. If you're lucky to get a bench... guard it! A little more on the typical crowd... it's very, well... douchy. 20-30 year-old frat boys (or former frat boys) who can bench press their body weight but forget what comes after "D" in the ABCs. It's common to see the milk jug of water and the constant animal mating noises while in between their reps. It's very pro-body building so if this makes you uncomfortable I would try another gym.Lastly, the staff is touch and go. There are a few select workers who are very pleasant and eager to help, while others are lazy and act like scanning somebody's ID is possibly going to kill them. You're supposed to get your parking validated when you first come in, but how is that so when the front desk is completely empty. But here's the best part... you get scolded by the employee on your way out when you ask her to validate it. "You're supposed to do it first." SMH...The only reason I stay here is because of price and location. I also like that I can visit other LA Fitness around the area (I suggest the awesome McKnight road location!!). However, if a new gym opened up in South Side, I would most likely consider switching memberships.
2	One of the worst LA Fitness gyms I have been to. However, still go because of the convenience of the location.Like others have mentioned, the poor (or lack of) air circulation is disgusting. After work hours are the worst. Might as well be working out in a sauna. I wish I were exaggerating.Some, not all, employees seem lazy at the front desk. If you're not going to ask a simple "how are you?" or put on a smile, at the very least, why are you stationed at the front desk? I always see workers cleaning the gym, but the gym always seems to be dirty. Sort of confused about that one.Finally, the hours. For a location in Southside, why do you close at 11pm only on Monday through Thursday? What about Friday, Saturday, Sunday? 8pm closings on Saturday and Sunday seem ridiculous. Especially when an overall, younger crowd is the population here.
4	I'll start out with the pros: this gym is in a very convent location, I don't drive so the short walk is a perfect warm up and cool down for me. Another great thing about LA Fitness in general are the multiple locations, as a college student I'm aware that I will have to move after graduation and the amount of locations makes it so easy to pick up and move with out the worry of finding g a new work out space. The equipment is always nice and working properly and the sauna is a great post workout relaxer. Now for the cons: since this gym is in the south side the building is smaller the preferred, making for some awkward eye contact, and some of the members are on the meat head side, letting weights drop loudly and unnecessary grunting.  Another complaint would be with free weights, especially the ones close to the mats. They are always missing as most people never put them away. The price is more than I would like but the convenience makes it worth it.
4	My home gym is in Rochester, NY. When I visit Pitt I always go to this location and love it here! Very clean and friendly service. I love the layout of the gym the best.
