4	My wife has raved about how personable and likable not only Dr. Ignatowicz is, but also his staff. They are friendly, warm, and caring.When she had a couple followup procedures, they remembered her. It means a lot to use when we're more than number, or name on a page. A little customer service really goes a long way!
5	Very clean, very nice, very professional. The dentist is young and very caring, tells you how it is and I feel does an excellent job. Doesn't oversell things. Best I have seen since I moved from the east.
5	My new favorite dentist.  Maybe it's just me, but dental visits are never a walk in the park.  In fact, I hate it.  That's why I avoid it until some dental issue or another becomes unbearable and then there's LOTS of work to do.  I've been here twice now.  I went in for a tooth pain, got an evaluation and a deep cleaning.  Was back in two days later to deal with the toothache.  Honestly, there was nothing bad about either the cleaning or the tooth work.  I'm still not exactly looking forward to the remaining deep cleaning work I need, but I feel much better about going back for visits now that I know it's not going to be bad.
5	Great office, clean and the equipment looks new. They are professional and run on time which is huge! The staff is warm and caring and they listen!! I highly recommend!
3	The office is nice. The staff is pretty pleasant including the front desk and the hygienist. I have been going in for about a year and a half. The cleanings are good, not great. I like to get my teeth cleaned about every 3 months due to all the dental work I have in my mouth. The office cannot seem to accommodate appointments for even 3 months in the future. They can sometimes put you on a wait list but will usually call the same day to let you know there is an appointment avail which is very hard with a busy schedule.  They scheduled me out 4.5 months for a cleaning and I have to call constantly to see If I can get in sooner. A lot of times, I will call and no one answers and they will call back the next day. I went in for my annual X-rays and was supposed to see dentist and of course he ended up leaving before I was seen I pretty much have not seen the dentist since I been there. The front desk promises that he reviews the X-rays even though not inspecting my teeth.
