4	Can't believe I'm about to review the post office but... Little tricky to find this location, drove by it a few times. Had to drop in to pick up the oh-so-dreaded you owe us money letter from Uncle Sam. Anyways, the staff was extremely friendly, very prompt with their service and overall great!
4	No one likes going to the Post Office during peak hours, but this location isn't bad! I stop in here quite a bit because this is where the Business Reply Mail account and permit my work uses was registered. Got to keep that account balance up because no one likes a collections call or letter! Kristy C has always been super helpful with our account or anything else I've ever needed. Everyone else is also very friendly and prompt to serve whatever your mailing needs are.Kind of hard to find if you don't know where you're going, but otherwise, very convenient location.
4	I'm the type of customer who is perfectly prepared, everyone else in line is a hot mess. God bless these patient and always-smiling postal workers! You are appreciated... :)
4	I always run in and just use the self-serve station. As another reviewer stated - so many times everyone in line is an absolute hot mess - so it is just easier for me to just hammer out the transaction on the machine.
5	Love this post office.  I sometimes find the postal people here a little humorous, depending on whom I get.  Many have been there for a long time.We get our mail here and there are no issues.  They always have great customer service.  Sometimes the lines are long when I have to do something, but that depends on what I have to do and when.  They have a larger variety of mailing options than the other post office closer to our home has.And, they put up with me always having my mailbox stuffed full because we don't get our mail too often.  Great place with great service.  Keep up the good work.I like that now they have again the secured recycling, which for a year or so, they did away with (maybe to cut costs?).  Glad that is back and I can toss my mail safely (the junk stuff) into those bins without worrying about someone getting my stuff.The place is old, but it's always neat and there is plenty of parking space.
5	I had to go in twice today and both times, Gail helped me.  She is awesome.  And there was another gentleman that initially helped me.  This was my first time mailing from the USPS something to Colombia.  You have to fill out a customs form and it's a bit expensive to mail to Colombia (or out of the country), but the package should be there by Christmas!!!I always get AMAZING service from this USPS!!  Keep up the great work!
