5	went there today food was EXCELLENT !! recommend. parking lot was getting lines painted so was blocked off, had to walk a little bit, but was worth the walk.
5	The food is just like the service AWSOME everything about the service is simply amazing gyros the burgers is breathtaking and the chesse steaks are wonderful  .....
5	Ok, maybe I am crazy to give 5 stars after one visit. But this cheesesteak, was just that good. I was leaving my favorite local Mexican place in the same lot, with a car full of aromas of tacos and enchiladas, and all of a sudden out of the corner of my eye I see, "CHEESESTEAKS NOW OPEN". Ask my daughter, I slammed on my breaks and we almost stopped that very second!Little did I know, that was their first night open. I went the next day about 11:00 AM. They are promoting free ice cream. Not sure if that is an all the time thing, or something to bring business. But let's just say the 17 year old did not at all mind his cone while we waited for the real food. Between the family, we ordered a variety of Cheesesteaks, a burger, and cheese fries. Let's just say, there were no leftovers and 2 of the 4 family members wanted to return the next day.  This place is a hidden gem!! DO NOT keep going when you can't find it the first time, when I say hidden, I mean it. The family is really from Philly, they even have some fun facts to read while you wait. You're welcome, because yes, you will be thanking me.
5	Really good Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, the meat was really flavorable (is that  a word LOL). I had the sweet pepper cheesesteak w/provolone and fried onions, very yummy. French fries were seasoned goods and the place was clean. I'm going back for sure.
5	The food was amazing.... i lived in philly for 6 years and this is the real deal. Everything was delicious!!! I defiently will be a regular.
4	I'm no expert on cheesesteaks, but whatever I had it tasted good. The owners are (obviously?) from philly and seem to know cheesesteaks, so I'll have to trust in them what a good one tastes like. The meat was flavorful, but I didn't taste much of the cheese personally. I definitely enjoyed the peppers which brought a little spice to the sandwich.The sandwich is large enough to be shared among two people, and their fries have a tasty spice seasoning on them, though I wish there was a little more. I think the only thing I might say is the menu needs some streamlining, and the price to make it a combo was a little bit steep (~3.50), though the sandwich price (~$10) was good.
5	When you put the name Philly on a cheesesteak place, you better be able to back it up.  Today, I found out Straight From Philly deserves that Philly name.  Look forward to more cheesesteaks in the future.
1	I have been to this place one before where my cheesesteak was delicious and thinly sliced.  I went back today to pick up lunch for my wife and I. So I picked up the steaks and drove to my wives work (20 min away) when we opened our steaks  we were so disappointed to find that our meat was the consistency of a burger patty. I do not remember this being the case the first time I was their as I am very particular with my cheesesteak. I contacted the place and was told that their meat is never sliced thin and comes in chunks and they cut it up on the cook top. I was under the imprecision that a cheesesteak is thinly sliced? Well lesson learned l. I don't know if they changed their meat or what but I was offered two free steaks on my next visit which I will not be redeeming. So If you are looking for a thinly sliced steak this is not the place to go. I will not be returning to this place and still dispute the fact that their meat was always that thick.
3	It's not BAD. I liked the meat for their cheesesteaks. The bread is good, the onions were cooked nicely... my main issue was with the cheese itself. It's poor quality and pretty much just tastes like Kraft cheese. My second issue is the ketchup. It's always the little things about the experience that makes me or other customers decide whether they want to come back or not. It's likely just the cheapest ketchup from the company they order from... That's fine, I get it, but I know Heinz isn't that much more and just like the cheese, there's a lack of quality with it. It tastes like cheap school lunch ketchup. Aside from those two things, it was enjoyable, clean and friendly.
5	This is the best Philly I have had in Vegas. Probably the best I have had outside of Philly. The meat is flavored amazingly. The topping selection is awesome. The bread is fresh and delicious. The cheese is your choice - American, provolone, or whiz. All yumtastic. Get here and get a sammich that will make you smile. F'real doh.
4	Hi my name is Bethany and I'm addicted to cheesesteak sandwiches.Whew! Now that I have that off of my shoulders, I can tell you what a great sandwich I enjoyed here! There are many restaurants I dine at where all I order is the cheesesteak sandwich.  I was happy to hear Straight from Philly opened up.  They have so many different cheesesteak options to choose from.  Aside from those they also offer gyros and burgers.  If you happen to be from Philly, you can order the sandwich 'Wit or Wit out'. I chose the North Philly.  The meat was seasoned well then grilled with mushrooms, onions and peppers.  This great combination of ingredients was then laid over provolone.  The roll was packed so full I was wishing I split it with my husband.  I would recommend this sandwich anytime.  It is located to the right of Henry's Grill.  Plenty of parking and easy to find!  I can't wait to dine with them again.
4	Holy cow! That's what I said when I had my first cheesesteak from here. It was a pretty  generous serving of chopped up and well seasoned beef packed onto a large hoagie roll. The beef is flavorful and oozed of greasy juice goodness. Good stuff! Not a big fan of bread and I usually get burgers wrapped in lettuce but was fine with it here since you really need a fork to eat your sandwich.  I just had it opened faced way and put the top part of the hoagie roll aside. Dont mistake this place for the other cheesesteak franchise with a similar name. This Straight From Philly is owner operated and run by a family. Everything here is cooked to order. The menu is pretty extensive. They offer a variety of different ways you can have your cheesesteak. With sweet peppers, hot peppers, mushrooms, genoa salami, grilled onions...and even steak with no cheese..(who does that?) So far I have tried the Cheesesteak Bomb with Genoa Salami and the Sweet Pepper Cheesesteak. Since Im more of a veggie type of person, I like the sweet pepper cheesesteak better than the all meat one.The sandwich shop is fast food type of joint. It used to be a ice cream/hot dog place couple years ago.  If you remember the space that occupied here, they kept the bright yellow black/white checked walls minus the retro wall decor that used to be there. They still have the ice cream case, but not sure if they sell ice cream. Dining area is real casual, metal table and chairs along the wall Small space but plenty of room to move. The owners are cool and our orders came out in a timely manner considering it was pretty busy and it's just the two of them working. Not sure though about hours of operation. Came down late Saturday afternoon only to find the place closed for the day. Lights out. Store hours on window, on Yelp and their fB page says 11-9pm ,so we're a bit disappointed we couldnt have our cheesesteak fix.Prices seem reasonable enough for me...then again Im that person who doesnt even look at pricetags and just drops everything in the shopping cart when Im with Mr. B. ..but under $10 for a Philly Cheesesteak with lots of meat is a bargain in my book.  Fast becoming another regular customer here too!  Things to note: Close on Sundays - They also have Chicken aka Philly style, burgers and gyros on the menu.. and they have delivery service!
5	This was by far the best Cheesesteak I've ever had. I worked at Capriotti's for over a year and have been to many restaurants and sandwich shops that have great cheesesteak. However; this place takes the cake. Went with my boyfriend and his buddy and we were all very impressed. Definitely found my new go to sand which shop.  The bread was  baked perfectly and they are very generous with their portions too. Their fries are amazing,  just discovered you can get cheese in them, I strongly recommend. I will be returning in the near future and will probably become a regular there.
5	Awesome people and the owner super friendly. We got the chicken wings and it's to die for!
4	As a Philly girl, I had to try the latest "authentic" cheesesteak shop in the Vegas Valley.  Let me first say, I was pleasantly surprised.  They got it right.  From the hogie roll to the cheese.I ordered the regular cheesesteak with white american, grilled onions and peppers (peppers are not 'real' original cheesesteak, but I love 'em).  It was fantastic! The hogie roll was soft and fresh, the meat was thin and well seasoned, the onions and peppers were cooked perfectly.  I could have not have asked a better cheesesteak.  I will share it in the future though; I could not even finish half.The special of the day was free fries and a soda with a sandwich purchase, so we got that too.  The fries were the only disappointment.  I ate only half of one single fry.  They had a really weird, gross coating on them.  I am very glad that I didn't pay for them and would never order them again.  Luckily, there is no need for a side dish here, the cheesesteaks hold their own.
2	The husband and I were looking for a nearby place we could order quick food from that wasn't the normal pizza joint or Thai place. After looking at Yelp and the reviews for this place, we decided cheesesteaks sounded great. So he went to go get some sandwiches! It's located in a Strip mall, oddly situated near a Strip mall church.The food ended up being pretty good... we ordered the Bell Pepper Cheesesteak which is freshly prepared with cheese, bellpepper, onions and the cheesesteak. Very filling and tasty.The only thing that we were REALLY weirded out about is that my husbands payment was taken by swiping his card via mobile square reader and he was not even given the option for a receipt, which he wanted for his records. That ALONE, is enough to make us question if we'll be a repeat customer. Just seemed kinda shady. I suppose if we pay with cash, we might return.
5	Mmmmm mmmm good! Took a lil bit to find but well worth it!! Ordered a cheesteak with grilled onions n spicy something tomato or peppers? The guy I ordered from suggested I get the Monday special free fries n drink with purchase of cheesteak. Thank you!  The fries were right outta the fryer n super delicious I chowed down on em before getting home. The cheesteak was very flavorful and real steak. I think it would have been good without the spiciness but that made it WOW! Sorry Dave @ capriotti's this is my new go to when I have a hankering 4 cheesteak. ..
1	1 star, because the option of negative stars is not an option.I WILL NOT BE BACK.No actual website should have been my first clue, and only having a menu available via Facebook is even worse.Guess what? Not everyone on the planet has a  Facebook account!I went in the "store" to place an order, and as soon as I walked in, I noticed NO other customers inside.It doesn't even seem like a business to me, more like a failed experiment, and someplace to bring in the workers family, and friends, and kids.I ordered anyway, hoping that the food would be good, and when I handed my card to the man that took my order, he raised his voice at the woman next to him "Where's my phone?"Weird? Yes. She brings him his phone, and swipes my card with his Square reader, and hands me my card, and tell me that my food would be ready shortly.As for Square, I did not sign anything,or provide my PIN, nor was I given the option to.OK. I sit. I wait.........................At least the woman that made my sandwich wore gloves.After less than 10  minutes, the same man tells me my order is ready, and I stand up, grab my food, and leave.When I got home, I found no receipt in the bag, and start to question this "businesses" professional practices, once again.The cheese steak was mediocre at best, greasy, and the bread was soggy.Maybe because I am not "Straight from Philly" I was not impressed with the food.I can say, that i have spent some time in Philly, and have had MUCH better cheesesteaks there.There are much better cheesesteaks in town, and I recommend trying any other place than this one.
1	After posting a less than favorable review on this business, the owner felt the need to reply to my original review saying that he will "pray for me".... which isn't something a professional business owner should say to his customers, especially when word of mouth is one of the best proven methods for advertising.The food was actually quite good enough to consider eating there again, but sadly, based on his awful attitude and lack of empathy for my less-than-stellar experience, he made me decide not only to NOT eat there ever again, but to make sure none of my friends do either. For a business that hasn't been open that long, you'd think he'd have a better understanding of what customer service (and YELP) is all about.
5	To be honest, I have not had a lot of philly cheese steak sandwiches. But I got the mushroom philly cheese steak and it was really delicious. Bread was super soft, meat was well cooked, grilled onions and the melted cheese tasted awesome. Kinda empty and quiet when we went inside. No idea why considering how cheap and good the sandwich was. To sum it up...1) Super cheap. Especially on mondays, comes with free drink and fries!2) Free scoop of Thrifty ice cream with ANY purchase!!!The place is pretty great. I love it. It is kind of hard to find because they don't have an official sign, just a banner. So it was hard to find at night.They have daily deals Monday-Saturday. I personally think Monday is the best, with the free fries and drink. I think other days, you get extra toppings, or free drink, or it's a couple bucks cheaper. I forget.So for $10, you get a bomb ass philly cheese steak sandwich, fries, drink, and thrifty ice cream on Mondays. That's 5 stars in my book.Oh yeah, Free Ice cream with any purchase on anyday******
5	Straight From Philly is awesome! Scott, the owner, is super nice and chill and accommodating. He's actually born and raised from Philly too. I came here with a group of glucose deprived friends, several of which are actually watching their diets but decided to cave after hearing how good this place sounded. It did not disappoint. Venue: Straight From Philly is somewhat hard to find. It's on the northwest corner of American Pacific and Stephanie. As of now, there isn't a big sign yet because it's still so freshly opened. Follow Furniture World and Bank of Nevada. If you see these businesses, you're in the right area. The restaurant itself is pretty small. Just a few tables. Food: All 5 of us got some rendition of the philly cheese steak sandwich. The deal on Tuesday, when we went, was 3 free toppings. You can choose from mushrooms, bell peppers, banana peppers, jalapeno peppers, hot cherry, bacon, and cheese ("extra meat" is not included). The sandwiches are huge. A regular steak without cheese comes out to be $8.05 with tax. The food was delicious, fresh, and of high quality. We watched Scott prepare the meat himself. They were big slices of steak, and he chopped them right up on the grill. I ordered the philly steak (which comes with grilled onions) along with 3 free toppings of mushrooms, bell peppers, and banana peppers. Did not regret it one bit. The bread was nice and soft, the proportion of meat to bread was hugely in favor of meat, and it tasted great. We also shared an order of regular fries, an order of garlic parmesan fries, and asked for atomic sauce on the side. The regular fries were really good - nice and crispy and well seasoned. I wouldn't order the parmesan fries again. They weren't really anything spectacular; just some garlic parm sprinkled on top. Ice cream: To celebrate the grand opening, for a limited time with any purchase you get free Thrifty's ice cream! I'm not sure if the flavors will change up, but today they had vanilla, pistachio, rocky road, chocolate malted crunch, pecan praline, and strawberry cheesecake. Scott was really generous with the scoops too. I will definitely come back. And this quaint little establishment is not open on Sundays, so bring your appetite the other days of the week. Thanks for bringing a bit of Philly to Vegas! :)
5	Sooooo good! A little family owned and operated restaurant with great food, and wonderful customer service! If I didn't live in NW las vegas, I would eat here every day. This is the best cheese steak place in Vegas hands down. And I love the square program they use, super convenient.
3	I've had a true Philly cheesesteak a few times in my life and admit, Straight From Philly makes a mean, true to Philly tasting cheesesteak. I've never had Pat's, but have sampled Geno's. And if you ever tried Geno's and liked their's, then you'll love what Straight From Philly has to offer.  They hook it up here with big portions and low prices.  The staff is great, very professional, and the restaurant is clean. So, why the 3 stars? First of all, 3 stars is not horrible. In my opinion, Straight From Philly is just okay. I've never been a huge fan of a legit Philly cheesesteak, especially since most that I've tried have been flavorless and greasy. Straight From Philly is no different. I prefer a juicy not greasy steak burger over a cheesy, greasy cheesesteak any day. My opinion about Straight From Philly is just that, my opinion. When it comes to a cheesesteak made the way it's suppose to be made, Straight From Philly does it right. I'm just not a fan.
4	Tucked away on Stephanie, the sandwich is very good and the fries are terrific. No prices on the menu is odd and they apparently charge for add-ons - onions, sweet & hot peppers. Worth a 2nd try.
