5	This is a great place to get your eye wear great selection of frames and excellent staff very helpfull after my eyeglass world  debatchery i called around to find a better price on glasses it turned out they are having a 50% off sale on frames and lenses i went in found what i wanted not only did they cost me half of what every body else wanted to charge me they had them ready in 1 hr ...........
1	Worst customer service experience ever. My boyfriend bought a pair of rimless frames and was upsold on super pricey "high index" lenses that were supposed to be thinner than normal ones. (They were virtually the same.)They came in (after the first three pairs from the lab failed quality inspection) and we had to wait for an hour while they put in the extra set of lenses because the initial set had a bubble. The second set they put in seemed ok till we were home and he noticed that there is a small watermark on the lenses visible in each eye's field of view AND the lenses weren't even cut to fit the frame correctly. These are $600 glasses by the way, just sayin'. We spoke with a very unapologetic and defensive manager/supervisor, Angel who was shaking because she was so angry (that she had to offer customer service to someone with legitimate concerns??) said the markings are standard and they couldn't do a perfect cut with the frame he selected.  I was very thrown off by her behavior since the customer in this situation was being really calm and friendly about the whole situation. I've verified since then that these markings and off-cut are not standard at most quality retailers and I have a hard time believing it is for a trusted name brand like LensCrafters.He reordered the glasses with regular polycarbonate lenses so that he wouldn't have to deal with indicator markings. They told him it would take up to two business weeks to fill the order. After two weeks passed he called, Angel said she would call him back and never did. This happened twice and because he wasn't getting any return calls, he finally decided just to go in to the store. When he did they did in fact already have the glasses and he waited for her to prepare them -- not sure how long they were sitting in the store.It ending up taking over a full month to get these glasses. In the meantime, the immature manager and the sales rep, Marina that we worked with offered no apologies at all.  Apparently, once you've paid they don't want to deal with your issues. I found the experience really disappointing because I've always had extremely positive dealings with LensCrafters in the past, but we won't go to this  location again in the future.
5	Awesome service. The doctor fit me in at the last minute the day before thanksgiving. Also, they rushed my glasses to me and I got them within an hour.  Better than waiting 2 weeks at nationwide vision.
5	Top Notch Service.  Samuel was a pro!  I was in Tempe visiting friends and attending a couple sporting events.  I left my contacts and glasses in California.  Without them I wouldn't have been able to see the two events, ruining my trip.  Samuel and his colleague at the Camelback colonnade bent over backward to provide me a set of contacts.  He saved my trip.  Thanks Samuel!
