5	This is a wonderful place to have your dog groomed!!  Our dog never liked to have his nails trimmed and the groomers at Prestige are able to trim his nails every time we take him in.  This is the best place ever, when we tell our dog that he is going to get a bath he gets so excited and then when we get in the parking lot he cannot wait to get in the door at Prestige....highly recommend this place for your dogs!!! The groomers love our dog and they are so kind and friendly at Prestige!  Prices are very reasonable as well which is a bonus!
5	Awesome service and great quality!I received a coupon for Prestige in a neighborhood mailer and my dog was in need of a good grooming, so I decided to give them a try. Their website was very informative about the services they offer & when I called for price quotes they were very helpful & kind. Their prices seemed consistent with what I had paid other places, and my 10% off coupon helped a little bit.I am always nervous to take my dog to a new groomer. He is my pride & joy, and I feel like he always comes home timid with his hair shaved too short and his day a little bit darker... Not this time! When I dropped him off there were four or five other dogs running around in the back, the lady took him out of my hands so I could fill out the paperwork and he was immediately playing with the other pooches. She took notes on things I wanted done and said she would have him finished in three hours or less. As I walked out, I saw my dog jump up on her chair, making himself quite at home, and she was smiling. I felt like he was in good hands.Two and a half hours later I got a call that he was done. He looked amazing! My dog is three years old, and this is by far the best cut & clean he has ever had :) Not too short, very even, very cute! He was obviously excited to see me, but he was in no hurry to leave. He seemed to really enjoy being at Prestige, which makes the money spent well worth it. I would highly recommend them to anyone. I think they have a true love and appreciation for dogs, and a genuine desire to please their customer. Great work, Prestige! I will definitely be back.
5	I love this place! Amazing service and reasonable pricing! My dog seems to love going here! She's happy when I go pick her up. When I used to take her to chain groomers (PetSmart, Petco) she would always act different after I picked her up. I would for sure recommend this place to anyone looking to get their dogs groomed! They allow your dogs to play with the other dogs there instead of putting them in kennels! This is my favorite part of their service! I love this place!! Good work!
5	I have to say that I am so delighted to have found a non-chain groomer for my lil guy that is so convenient and offers friendly service.Dropped off my lil guy this evening for a full bath and grooming service - price was competitive at $40.  The staff was friendly and when I came for pick-up, I met the owner, who was very nice and warm.  Lil Jock looked great - he was trimmed properly for his breed and she commented that he behaved well even during nail trim (he totally dislikes getting his claws trimmed).  I really, really love that they don't put the pets in kennels but let them walk around the office.. the owner had a couple of her own dogs there lounging around making friends with the other dogs getting services - I thought that was a big plus!  My dog was very happy to see me when he saw me but I noted him relaxed through the windows before he even saw me (a really good sign for me).. didn't look nervous or anxious and wasn't pacing, looking for me.I will definitely bring lil Jock here again for his next grooming.. 'cause daddy nicks his ears way too often and apparently I suck at coaxing him to let me trim his claws - they did a great job.
5	I decided to try this pet salon since our regular groomer salon is quite a drive from my home. My doggies were in desperate need of some cleaning up. I called on a Thursday afternoon and was able to get them both in the next morning. I would never have been able to do this at the other groomer salon. Walking in the staff that greeted me was very friendly. The front part of the salon was inviting and clean. Behind the counter I was greeted by sweet little doggie faces. They must have been groomed and waiting for their parents. I love that they are able to roam freely and not placed in kennels. No sad barking dogs in the back. The groomer was very thorough about what I was looking for. They are very reasonably priced. And you can get add ons if you'd like too. When I picked up my pooches they seemed happy and clean. I love the cut! I think I just found a new groomer!
5	We've been all over Chandler trying to find a good dog groomer at a reasonable price. We have a long haired dog that requires attention to detail in order to get all of her hidden mats out. Prestige does an awesome job and they are always super friendly. Our dog doesn't mind going to the groomers anymore!
3	Doggies were getting a little shaggy. Went back a second time. Forgot to mention in the first review that they forgot/misplaced one of the pups collar. No biggie. I love the new renovation but I wish they had windows to the back to see what's going on when they take your dogs behind closed doors. I guess this is normal for the grooming area to not be on display but it kinda gave me a weird vibe. Anyway, second time...not so bueno. Was happy with one dog cut but not the other. The hair was not cut the way we requested. And again both dogs went in with collars and harness w/ leashes. Only came out with one. And they put bows in my male dogs hair. Umm, hello...he has a...which is usually the biggest sign that he was not a she. New fashion trend with male dogs? I don't know maybe they were metrosexual hair bows.
5	Having just moved I needed to find a new place to get my four legged man groomed.  Well after looking around at the places in the area I wasn't really comfortable with any so that is when I decided to search yelp.  After just a few minutes I found this place and decided it was worth a shot.  My dog is a sheltie and very particular about who handles him.  When I first took him in he was very nervous, but when I went to pick him up, only two hours later, he looked amazing and he was happy! His fur stays soft for several weeks and he always looks so happy and relaxed unlike before at some groomers.    If you are looking for a new groomer, look no further.  The people here are nice, knowledgable, and very helpful!
5	Prices are reasonable, the dogs seem to enjoy it there, and they do a thorough job.  The staff was friendly, and I was happy this wasn't a Pet Smart or other large chain.  We will go back & am happy to recommend it!
5	Just took our dog here after trying 2 other groomers. Prestige got it right! I loved his cut! The place was very nice, clean, and smelled good. Staff was super nice and understood exactly what I was asking for. We will be going back!
3	I just moved to Arizona. Finding new salon and store I rely on yelp a lot. My first choice was Petsmart but decided to steer away from chain store. I prefer local groomer anyways. I called in for pricing to get a rough estimate for my 11lb dog. The girl told me it would cost me $45. Which is fine I usually pay $40 for my baby Teddy. I was able to book an appt the same day I call in at 12:30pm. I walked in the salon it was clean, smell great and professional decor. you wouldn't think it was a pet grooming place. A clerk came out to greet me, had me log into their system. Sign for what I was getting done for Teddy. The bill came out to $48 not $45. I didn't fuss about the 3 dollar difference since I was quoted over the phone. Teddy came out great, his haircut was exactly done on how we discuss it. My one complaint was I got charge an extra $5, because they said Teddy was hard to handle during his haircut. Maybe this is something that needs to be mention upfront at the beginning. Or listed on their menu. I only gave 3 Stars because they did a great job. Minus 2 Stars because of the extra charge. They could have done better at customers service. I may come back if other salon I try fails.
5	We have been attending this place for about 3 yrs now, since 2 weeks after they opened, as we like to support local business owners.  The owner is just wonderful and she remembers the dogs and their names.  She treats the dogs like they are a family member and has a great attitude.  Before she got too busy, she and I would have nice conversations when I picked up the dogs.  She is warm and friendly and loves animals.  She has expanded her business within the 1st year or so and the place is twice the size.  You would never think you are walking into a  pet salon.  Pet salons usually smell pretty bad, but it smells nice in this one.  Its like walking into a hair salon for women.  It is decorated tastefully and the dogs are free to roam in the back or cages if you want...owner preference.  I like mine to be able to socialize with other dogs.  The staff here are great as well. I've been to other places that treat you like you are just another person bringing a dog to be groomed.  I feel at home in this place, and her business has grown quickly.  We have two mini schnauzers, and they give them the perfect cut every time.  They smell great and feel smooth and look shiny.  I don't usually have a problem getting an appointment - even on Sundays, they are super accommodating. Cost for each schnauzer cut is $45, which is comparable to other places.
4	Seemed like a nice pet grooming service.   Took our two puppies there and they were responsive and the place seemed clean upfront.  The dogs looked good three hours later and they were done on time.  Will go back.
5	First thing when you walk into the door, it smells really good, like a hair salon. No dog smell here :) Second, price was comparable. My toy Malti-Poo was $48 for full groom & nails polished for kicks! Third, the groomer we got named Patricia was AMAZING! When we picked up my pup, she has never looked so cute. I thought the groomers I used in Cali did a good job in the past, till I used this salon. Patricia listened to every single detail I asked & nailed it to exactly what I wanted. I never know how to treat my dog's Maltese looking mustache, but told her it's bothersome, going into her mouth. She took care of it, & made her look so cute. All in all, BEST salon I have taken her to, I will wait till we go to AZ to groom my pup, just so I can have Patricia do it. I highly recommend her & this place!!!
1	Really wish I would have read all these reviews first.I have taken my dog here several times for a bath, nail trim, de-shed, etc. Last time he came home and I immediately went out of town. Dog sitters said he was itching so badly they thought he had contracted fleas and bought flea treatment for him. It did not help, obviously, because that was not the issue. I called the salon and asked a lot of questions. Had they changed shampoo? Was there a chance he was not rinsed thoroughly? I was told that I was welcome to bring him back in and pay another $40+ to have him re washed. Stupid, stupid me, I took my dog back there. Same thing again. My poor boy is tearing himself up. I called to talk to them and was told that they do not use hypo-allergenic shampoo and that if I wanted it, I should have paid an additional $5 for it when he was bathed yesterday. Clearly if I had known, I would have. The gal was very snotty to me even asking, "What do you want me to do???"Seems this place is keen on taking money, but not on being kind to their customers. It may be less than a mile from my house, but I will gladly drive out of my way 10 miles so that my boy never has to go here again.
5	This place is wonderful!! first of all, i showed up 45 minutes late to my appointment on my first visit there, and was so nervous that they would be angry or end up doing a poor job on the grooming. Instead, they were understanding and still so sweet. The groomer Melissa greeted us and gave us amazing advice. We requested a teeth cleaning and she said we should not waste our money because the dog needed to see a vet for an assessment instead of the teeth brushing they offered. (She is an older dog and needs special care) They also suggested which haircut we should give our pomeranian. They called us about 2 hours after we dropped her off and said she was ready. When we got there they brought my dog out and she looked and smelled so good!!! I have never seen her so adorable. She had 2 cute bows in her hair and the perfect "lion" cut. The best part was how happy my dog was. They said she was wonderful during the grooming, and I could tell how much she enjoyed being there. Seriously I am so impressed with this place. It means a lot to have someone do their job correctly and pleasantly these days. Also, the place was impeccably clean and smelled good, you would have thought it was a human hair salon, not a dog groomers. Also, the prices were very reasonable.
5	As a Pomeranian breeder I usually groom my own dogs but have been rather busy.... I called prestige and they got 3 of my dogs in the following day... Had the grooming done in about 2 hours and they look stunning!!!! Couldn't be happier and will be referring everyone.... Price is also nearly half what I was paying elsewhere and I love the multi dog discount.
5	This place really deserves more than five stars so I give it 10. I called up on a Saturday like the neglectful pet owner that I am and was told that they could get me in. That was a miracle in and of itself. I went in and the very friendly girl at the desk filled out all my paperwork for me making it very simple to just drop my dogs off. Another very kind person came and took both my dogs to the back with zero fuss. They told me it would take 3-4 hours and they'd call me, but it took only about 2.5-3 which was nice! I hate when my dogs sit at the groomers in a cage all day and they like it even less so this was a great thing!My girl came out smooth and silky and smelling DELICIOUS. She had THE cutest little bows in her hair - so, so cute! My boy came out with his little bandana and looking equally fabulous! The cut was precisely what I wanted. My girl Yorkie got the perfect teddy bear cut and my boy was shaved and looked so good!I am so glad I found them, they are close, work efficiently and my dogs looked beautiful. Highly, highly recommend!
4	I have 2 yr old teacup yorkie, I've usually take him to a groomer in Las Vegas because I couldn't find a good groomer in the Gilbert area, tried a few and I was always disappointed. After much Yelp research I finally tried Prestige today even though a few Yelp reviewers had complaints. Their price was affordable, personnel were very friendly and they actually listened to me requests. Tot looks amazing. Only 4 stars because it did take a few hours to complete the session and the grooming area is behind closed doors but Tot was happy so I'm sure it was fine back there. I'll be back
5	I brought my Siberian Indian Dog in here for a seriously needed bath, brush & groom. I've had some so-so experiences with other grooming places but have nothing negative to say! She looked beautiful & still smells good almost a week later. I will definitely be bringing my dogs here from now on!
5	Very clean salon. Ladies at front desk & phone were very polite. Our German Shepherd has been here before & she always comes out just beautiful! Great job with de-shedding her. We took our 2 rescue chihuahua's today also and they did awesome - and I am POSITIVE it is because the groomers are patient! We will be back!
4	I have been going here for several years and my malti poo sees Conny. At other salons I used to have trouble with the grooming irritating his delicate skin especially razor burn when they trim the behind. And he would seem a little traumatized too. But this has not been a problem since we've been going to Conny. Highly recommend and I'm a very particular dog mom. It seems hard to find groomers that do well on tiny toy breeds I'm extremely thankful I found this place. I was actually looking into to going to grooming school just to find a solution but forgot all about it after our first visit.
4	Overall I've had good experiences with Prestige. They take good care of my dogs which is absolutely the most important part and they can usually get my dogs in within a few days of calling in. However, they are expensive. A bath, trim and nails on a 5-7 pound dog is $45, plus they have envelopes for tips so I feel obligated to tip also. They give me a 5% discount when I bring all 3 in at the same time and once I tipped $5 per dog and the lady said "you're tipping on the amount after the discount?" I was caught really off guard. All in all I would recommend them but I still think they're on the high side price wise.
5	I've been taking my dog here consistently since I adopted her in February. She is a smaller breed and they usually have her done in 3 hours. They do an excellent job grooming her and she always comes back to me as the same happy pup. Sophia always rips her bows out so now they put a cute (sometimes seasonal) bandanna on her!
