4	Great little park, very family friendly. Could use a few more sets for little children and better lighting but during the day great place to have a picnic, and many families do. The baseball fields host adult softball and kickball leagues ( I was on one that one the city of Scottsdale). Very clean and safe feeling and I haved lived nearby for nearly a decade. Could perhaps use more facilities but other than a stroll or my ride along the Greenbelt I don't make great use of the park myself.
4	I like this park. People bike, jog, inline skating around the pond and a lot of people walk their dogs here. Its just nice. Not much more to it.. as it should be.
5	Since I explored this park I have not been able to force myself into the gym. So zen and peaceful and my favorite place to spend a Sunday afternoon.
5	Perfect weather for outdoor activities. They have disc golf here!
5	This is my favorite park in Scottsdale. It is located directly on the green belt and has plenty of room for activities. A great place to play a game of pickup anything. I like to throw the ball for Oena/oenster/Bonester/Oenabologna at the baseball fields. Gotta make sure the coppers aren't hanging around the parking lot, but a great place to throw the ball otherwise.
4	Sweet walking paths. Loud in the toad mating season, though! Watch where you step!
5	Awesome place to play Disk golf in the spring/fall, I love it! It's a pretty place to walk around. You typically see a lot of joggers on the path throughout the day. I love to take the pups here, even when it's hot we bring snacks and have a picnic beneath the trees lol And if it's hot there's a really cook splash park for the kids, you press the activate button and it usually runs 5-10 minutes before you have to click it again. There's a ton of fish in the pond, which surprises me cause it just seems like they grow up in 2-feet-deep toxic waste. Be careful of the duck! I've seen them trying to attack dogs and they'll rip food right out of your hand!If you've never played disk golf before and you want to check it out, there's a disk golf shop walking distance where you can rent equipment too.
