3	In the past I would have given this place 4-5 stars, but last night was a bit of a let down. My oldest sister used to live across the street from the shopping center Chile Verde is in and her old neighbors gave us the recommendation. We had tried it out and it was great, prices were super reasonable, service was good, food was great. It was like that almost every time we went or got take out except for one weird take out experience where the service was bad and kind of dumb. So last night we were in this part of town and decided to come here, plus we had an $8 off coupon from those City Pass books. When we walked in there were only about 4 tables occupied and no staff to be seen. Finally someone came running out and said they'd be right with us. So he took a takeout order and then sat us. Then he brought chips and salsa and then menus. So after sitting a few minutes our actual server came by and took our drink order, and then ran around and did everything else but get our drinks. I watched him pick up and close out checks from tables that left, refill drinks for other tables, take orders, etc. Just didn't seem to know how to prioritize. Side note, I don't want to sound overly picky here but I did serve for many years in all types of restaurants and handled many more tables at once and so I just felt he really was slacking. Okay side bar over. We eventually get our drinks and put in our order. I always get the same, shrimp fajitas because they come loaded with sauteed onions, green peppers, mushrooms and squash. So we didn't wait too long before my skillet comes out, but that's it just the skillet of food and no tortillas or other accompaniments and nobody else got anything.So there I sit with a plate of food and nothing to do with it, my sister suggested covering it up so it didn't get too cold because there really was a wait from when the food got dropped till he came back again for me to ask for the tortillas.  He dropped all the other stuff off 1st before I finally recieved them.  He also mentioned the cooks were making rice and he'd bring it out soon.  That took another 10 minutes or so before everyone received it.My fajitas were good but I was already annoyed.  My sisters dish was too spicy for her which was not noted on the menu as other dishes were, but luckily she was able to switch with her husband.  And the kids enjoyed their burrito and quesadilla.Since big sis is no longer in the area I guess I won't have to worry about coming here and being let down again anytime soon!
3	After a single visit, I'll give them three stars. The wife had the shrimp cocktail, and was overwhelmed at the amount of shrimp within (I don't eat shrimp, so it wasn't as if she could share). If you like shrimp cocktail, I guess the word is to come hungry and you won't be disappointed.She had the eponymous Chile Verde, and I had a combo platter. It was good, not great--I'll admit, as refugees from Southern California, our sights might be a little high--but it was probably the best we've had in the last three years of living in Charlotte.Service was good, folks were friendly, parking a breeze.I know we'll definitely go back. Maybe a fourth star will be awarded upon that meal.
5	We have been going to this place since it opened and we love it. The menu is good and they will bend over backward to accomodate you. It is not fancy but it is good, the portions are big and the service is friendly. We live close by, but we still have to drive so we could go anywhere. When they first opened my husband asked for Scotch which they didn't have, the next time we went int hey had his Chivas and he is happy.Also the food is always tasty, not just a protein thrown in sauce and served . This food is flavorful and well spiced.
5	OMGosh ... I found this place with one of my gal pals. We both joined the Siskey Y across the street and wanted to try this place for lunch one day after a work out. Boy am I glad we did. Since then, I have been back over 6 times. Once, I even brought my best gal pal from Southern California, and she gave the place two-thumbs-up as well. The food is really well priced for lunch and it is just SOOOOOooooo so good. If you're there for lunch, flip the menu right over and only get something from the lunch selection. You can't beat the prices on the back of the menu. There are about 30 options, and they all are very filling. I always seem to get the same thing: the chicken fajitas with refried beans and rice. YUM! This dish comes with two hot tortillas as well as sour cream. The refried beans are so flavorful and the rice is perfect. The veggies medley that comes with the fajitas is perfectly cooked and the chicken is all breast meat. The wait staff is awesomely friendly and they make you feel at home. That is one of the many reasons I keep going back for lunch. It's just a fun place to go after a workout at the Y. If you want to go for dinner instead, they do offer cocktails and sangrias, as well as beer and wine. And the prices are not going to break the bank - this place is a win-win all around. Honestly, who would of thought that such a great find could be discovered in a strip mall next to a Harris Teeter market. I'm happy I found this place - I hope you find it soon too. You won't be sorry!Enjoy.
5	Wonderful lunch spot.  Delicious chips and salsa.  Carmelo makes a tasty margarita! The specials are a great value.  I keep going back for more fajitas and Marias (chicken enchiladas in a creamy sauce)
4	Tried this for a Saturday lunch and we were pleasantly surprised. Not your usual Mexican placeWe ordered the Chile Verde Fajita Nachos and were blown away!  Not like any nacho we've ever had - it was great.  Crisp chips with a cheesey white sauce, tender-crisp veggies (peppers, onions, mushrooms, summer squash) and tender chicken. We split is - plenty for 2 for lunch.  Also had giant Margaritas which were very good and very reasonable.  Will definitely go back
2	It's kinda tricky to properly rate & review this place since we had a comedy of errors with this first trip. Getting in the doors is a tad awkward because they have a very tiny lobby and then another set of doors that just seem out of place for a restaurant located in a strip-shop. I banged myself pretty good going in...ya had to be there! My wife nearly tripped over a chair on our way to the booth. We ordered a pitcher of beer off the menu only to be told they don't serve draft. My wife ordered a mango margarita only to be told they were out of the mango. She ordered a peach one and when it came to the table, the glass split but didn't totally bust open.  Weird. Was this an omen? The replacement one was very good.After all of that settled down, it was on to the meal. Chips & salsa were pretty good. I prefer having at least a couple of different salsas to dip but their's was probably the perfect spiciness. I wish it were a tad chunkier. Chips were good and salty. We got the Gringo Dip app which was a cheese dip covered in ground beef. Fresh diced jalapenos on the side. Ok, I love jalapenos but something about when they're fresh...it just really kills my stomach...but I gotta eat them. App was okay..needed more zing.Dinner consisted of nachos for the prince, Alabres for the king, and Grande Special Dinner for the queen. Nachos were standard fair. Can't really screw them up. Alambes were chicken & steak fajitas covered in cheese sauce in a hot skillet. They had a good flavor but the meats were overcooked. Steak had a lot of fat & gristle. The Grande Special dinner was kind of a world tour of the place so we could all sample different things. It consisted of a taco, chalupa, chille relleno, burrito, and a cheese enchilada. All of the foods tasted fine..some bordering on "just okay"  but we've definitely had better elsewhere. I would return to this place but there are so many better ones that I would go to first.  Still, I think it's only fair to give them another try....maybe lunch someday. They have some pretty good deals.Your pal, Walter
1	Well, we made a return trip a week later and I'm even more unimpressed.The queen had a nasty-tasting Sangria-Margarita hybrid along with a decent Pollo Fundido. The prince, once again, ordered simple beef & bean nachos (what's with this kid anyway?!?) and a coke. The king got Arroz con Camarones, which is grilled shrimp on rice with a smidgen of queso on top, and a sweet tea. I'm not sh*tting you...a smidgen. May as well not have bothered. It was a pretty lackluster dish. It seriously needed peppers, onions....SOMETHING! I ended up dumping their so-so salsa on top. Speaking of lack of queso, we went with the Gringo Dip as an app again and it was nearly void of queso as well. Is there a shortage of cheese I'm unaware of?Also, there was a nest of skanks in one corner who were liquored up and bitching at each other. It would seem that they were all sleeping with the same loser and were just finding out about it (I am not exaggerating). They got loud & obnoxious at times and the staff really didn't do much to keep them in check except to help them drown their sorrows with more margaritas. We won't be returning to this place again and I would advise my fellow Yelpers to avoid this place like the plague.Your pal,Walter
5	Normally the service in a restaurant doesn't matter much to me, but this place has the friendliest waitstaff there is! Every time I've been, whether with my cousins' kids, mother in-law, or on a date with my wife, the folks serving us have been so welcoming, helpful, and happy. The enchiladas verdes are amazing and it's hard not to order them every time I go. This place isn't upscale, but it doesn't need to be. And, if you order anything that's not a traditional Mexican or TexMex dish (like a grilled chicken salad, for some reason), you'll regret it. But if you're down for some fantastic Mexican food with outstanding service in a very casual atmosphere, this is the place for you!
1	This location has closed as of Jan 1, 2013
