3	Experienced better but what more can I ask for! I went here after gym and got the peanut paradise with soy protein. I can't complain because it was really good. I also ordered a chicken caesar wrap which was okay. So you think that this place is healthy, ummm not at all. I went on their website at home to see how many calories was in the wrap and the protein shake I ordered, I immediately put the wrap in the refrigerator and only drank half of the smoothie. However, they do have shakes that are only 200 calories, which I usually get. The only good thing about this place is it's across the street from CSN so if you want something quick and on the go. They also have all kinds of different smoothies to choose from. If your hungry they have wraps, salads, sandwiches, and they even serve breakfast.
3	They seem to have one size of smoothies,which is big and over $5, which is where I aim to spend on my entire meal, but whatever, that day I just wanted a smoothie with banana and peanut butter. I found 2 on the menu and somehow I ended up getting the chocolatey one-chocolate peanut butter and banana. It was ok, I could barely taste the banana over the other two ingredients. Next time I'll get the protein banana shake.As fas as the place itself-SUper noisy...above all the machines going, there was a big crowd in there who didn't even appear to be enjoying anything from there. Service was super slow and I had a time constraint. Went with a friend who didn't seem too particularly excited about his shake either.I didn't buy food there, since I already ate and my main intent was solely for the smoothie. I'd probably be back again to try the other shake:)
1	I waited in line, behind one other person, for a whole 5 minutes... and no one acknowledged any of us in the line to take our orders, tell us they would be with us in a moment-- nothing.  In the meantime, there were about 5 or 6 employees scurrying around.  I walked out.
4	I am pretty sure there is crack in the Smoothies, because since I had the first one I find myself fantasizing about it all times, day and night. The Peanut Paradise....I would sell my Mother, and possibly two of the dogs for.  It must have almost 500 calories, so it IS my breakfast, but when it's that good, really, who cares? There are several Roberto's near by. I have NEVER driven PAST a Robertos for ANYTHING in my life, yet I find myself sneaking past, looking sadly at the pictures of Rolled Tacos, as I make my way BACK for possibly the second Peanut Paradise of the day. The staff are ok, no sense of humor, and a little slow sometimes. The Smoothies are NOT alwas the same consistency, sometimes almost too runny, sometimes so thinck I look like I am trying to suck a rat up the straw. A really tasty freaking rat that smells like Peanut Paradise. If you go during the off times the place is empty. During rush hour it is SLAMMED but still pretty quick. My daughter said the Bacon Ranch Chicken Sandwich was the best thing she had ever had in her mouth. @__@ Blocking THAT thought, she has had several Smoothies and liked them all. They even have an almost dessertish selection with coffee and carameley flavors, and you can get any of the them with Splenda, and add things like Energy, and Weight Management. Thank God, or I'd weigh an extrea 45 Lbs by now. I would be ok with that, find me a Chubby Chaser who liked Peanut Butter Breath. But since I get the Weight Management.....heh. If you decide to go, let me know, I'll meet you there. Even "Death by stranger met on Internet" wouldn't stop me from going. Hells no.
4	Health is wealth and if you're a health buff like me, you may want to try this place out. My friends and I needed some time to relax after our first class and decided to take a break from McDonalds and hang out here instead. It was fine and dandy and had an 'Einstein Bros Bagel' feel to it. I ordered a Jamaican Jerk Chicken Wrap and a Sunny Day Smoothie (to brighten up myself from the gloomy weather outside) For my sides, I chose the Sour Cream and Onion flavored baked lays potato chips. Despite the spiciness of the JJC Wrap - spicy food are my mortal enemies - I actually liked the flavor it had and would recommend it to anyone who's willing to be adventerous and try something new. Our next dish to try is the Buffalo Chicken and the Totally Turkey. Of all the things I wished this place had, it would be different sized smoothie cups. I had a feeling my order would be too much for me to even finish and I was right. My 2 friends had to help me devour the remaining wrap and I went on to sip at the smoothie the rest of the day. Toodloo McDonalds. Won't be visiting you for awhile.
4	I love my fruit smoothies, and this location is conveniently located between my bf's place and work.  The staff is friendly, service is quick.  It's healthy and delicious, and the price is right.  All-American breakfast wrap is quite tasty, too.
3	Service is a little slow, but the staff were friendly, and the smiles genuine. I like that they give you a choice of sugar or Splenda in their smoothies too!
3	Smoothie was ok, the staff was friendly and attentive at the counter, but all the tables definitely needed a wipe down as they were all covered in sticky smoothie and crumbs.
2	Staff is not as friendly as other locations I've been to but it's a smoothie place so I'm sure customer service is not exactly a priority.
4	Great smoothies, fast service, what is there to complain about? Smoothies come in only 1 size: 24 ounce and are priced more reasonably that other smoothie shops I've been to in the valley. This location is pretty consistent and smoothies are tasty and never over or under-sweetened. This location is in a busy shopping center across the street from CSN, but there's never too long a wait when I come here.
2	I come here a lot for smoothies, but have never tried the food here, so we decided today was the day that we'd try one of their wraps...boy what a mistake that was. I ordered 2 smoothies and a Jamaican jerk wrap. The smoothies came out about 5 min after I ordered them, at which point I sat down and figured the food would take a while longer to make...20 min later and they still haven't called my name, and I started noticing customers that ordered after us being called up to get their food orders, which was not a good sign. I went up to the counter to ask about my order and when the employee saw my receipt, she had a confused look upon her face and rushed to the back to check the order screen. She never came back and appeared to be rushing to make my order. Then another employee approaches the counter to see what was wrong and acknowledged that I had been waiting a while. I told her I had been waiting 20 min and still didn't have my order. I asked her for a refund if my wrap hadn't been made yet, since we had to get back to work, and she immediately took 7 bucks and some change out of the register and handed it to me.Long story short, we waited 20 min and had to go back to work with no food in hand. This place is great for smoothies but I would recommend staying away from the food orders because you'll be waiting a while, if you even get anything at all!
5	I just love their smoothies, I go here at least once a week and always try to get a new smoothie when I go. The service could be better, the cashiers could be a bit more friendlier! SMILE its good for you :-)
2	Prices and portions are a little better than Jamba Juice, and food selection is decent.Went by late last night, I  got one of their superfood smoothies- the Mean Green(?), with kale and spinach and mango and pineapple. Get it with Splenda to save some cals, and the smoothie is a meal at 380 cals. Very filling, very tasty, very sweet.Joined their website and got an email for a 99 cent smoothie with purchase of a sandwich or wrap. Before I got a chance to even print that up, another coupon came up for TODAY- $1.99 for their curry chicken salad or wrap, and it's decent. Don't know if I'd pay full price for it, but coupons and deals seem to come around often.EDIT:Apparently this location's management is now picking and choosing when to honor the company website coupons. I understand franchises are able to opt out of promotions, and the small print always states "at participating locations", but if they honor one they should honor all. And with all of the smoothie competition they have in this area, and my observations of the amount of business they do, they can't really afford to be turning away customers.I'll be spending my money elsewhere from now on- getting turned away for a $2 discount coupon that is ON THE COMPANY WEBSITE was a total waste of my lunch break today (3/26/14). If you're going to benefit from the advertising your host company provides, you need to honor their discounts as well.
3	So I am addicted to Tropical Smoothie.... No, really I am.  I think they are putting some addictive agent in the drinks.  They are that good!!  I give them top marks for their drinks.  The Peanut Paradise with Whey is my fav.  The Basil/Lemon/Mint/Orange is new and killer!I have been to 4 LV locations so feel pretty confident when I give this feedback.  In addition, I frequent their establishments at least 2-3 times a week.  I said I was addicted!!!  :pThe wait is usually 5-10 minutes.  Longer if there are more than 2 people in line.  So be prepared.  This really isn't a fast food establishment.  Quick isn't their motto.  I have stopped going to their location off Flamingo because the wait was just ridiculous each time.Their food is ok.  I have tried their Thai chicken salad, chicken wrap, and chicken salad on walnut bread.  The food is fresh.  But it is expensive for the amount you get.  The last 2 times I got sandwiches the filling part of the sandwich was so small, it was all bread.  Bonus info...they have a stamp card and infrequently give out coupons.  They are worth it though!  A penny saved is a penny earned!!  :)
2	Love the food but the service is terrible at this location. A bunch of kids with an attitude.
1	They gave me the wrong order! The smoothie tastes too sweet..the pasta  salad has too much mayo. This wrap is tasteless and taste like everything was canned.
1	1 star for the service. It's beyond slow. It's probably because they only have like 3 employees working. And how come if I use a bogo coupon, you can't stamp my punch card? I still paid for one smoothie. Stupid. Also, if you order multiple items, they still only punch your card 1 time. So stingy. I go here a lot, because it's omw to work, but there is another location on flamingo that I will probably go to from now on.
5	Besides the wait, everything is great.  I'm learning there's usually a wait when u have a higher quality food.  I have eaten here daily for the past 3 weeks and feel great with tons of energy.  It's my new addiction.
4	I have been here many times because it is literally right across the street from my college and well, you can't be much closer unless you're living inside the building really. They tend to frown upon that. Normally, I have to wait a bit longer because the entire school population swarms to the feeding ground, and usually they are a tad bit slower than I would like. All I want is a freaking smoothie! Today, however, was much different. I barely had time to sit down before I received my smoothie. And it was delightful! I used to only get a Chocolate Chiller because well, chocolate. Recently, I switched to Beach Bum because who doesn't like covered Strawberries and Bananas. Today, I took the plunge. I tried their new Acai Berry Boost smoothie and holy crap, it's like the heavens opened up! Seriously. It is the best thing I have ever tasted. Not to mention healthy. I have to watch my delicate figure, you know (HA!). But really, best thing they could have made! New favorite! And if service stays fast, I may be forced to go back more often. You know...forced...
2	Soooo slooooow.  The smoothies and sandwiches are always great but it takes forever to get your food or smoothie.  I feel bad for the employees, there is typically only two girls working for the morning rush.
1	Bring back the punch cards the text coupons suck. The female employees are very rude and the waiting is horrendous
