4	Having "googled" for a good knee surgeon, I found my way to the Knee and Shoulder institute.  On board is two really good doctors.  I made by selection, checked my insurance and signed up for an appointment.They have an excellent web site with online access for forms, patient education, video's and making payments.   I was told when I made my appointment to create an account and log it, complete the forms before coming to my appointment and that I did.  Once checked in, I had just a few more forms to complete and I was given a packet about my doctor, and the types of medical issues regarding my knee and what kinds of repair/surgery that may help.  I sat reading the booklet while I waited for my name to be called.Once in the back, I was taken to an exam room and discovered they are fully electronic, my entire history was imputed directly into the laptop sitting on the desk, even my BP was take using an IPhone app that sent the reading directly to my electronic record.  My visit with the doctor went well and I made arrangements for an MRI which was the next step in my assessment of my knee.  A well organized, high tech, very busy clinic with accommodating staff.
5	I had surgery a few years ago from another surgeon in town and my knee never felt perfect. I decided to go see Dr. Bigler a few months ago and decided to have another surgery. After only a few short weeks my knee feels great! No pain and full range of motion. Dr. Bigler is by far the best surgeon in town. The employees at Knee and Shoulder and very friendly and very knowledgeable. I always felt I was i was in good hands. I would highly recommend Dr. Bigler.
5	Great experience here, they took good care of me, and I loved my doctor.  I had confidence in the staff and feel that I knew exactly what was expected of me.  I was told what my surgery would be like and it happened just like they said it would.  On follow up visits, even with a waiting room of people, I still managed to keep my appointments under 45 minutes and I could see the dedication of the staff to keep things on time.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone with knee or shoulder issues!
5	Dr. Thomas and Dr. Bigler are two of the best in town. From the doctors the staff, everybody is friendly and really makes you feel comfortable. I've had nothing but positive experiences here. Highly recommended!!
2	My wife had surgery there n we r not very happy with the results n waiting time to be seen by doctor is horribly long. She is not going back
