4	When the sun is beaming and you've got a book that needs reading, George Square is an ideal spot to settle down and absorb those pages. Directly in front of the University of Edinburgh Library the George Square Gardens are primed and ready for masses of intellectuals to wander round, discuss ideas over lunch at look aimlessly into the sky devising that ground breaking theory.
5	George Square Gardens is located just in the middle of some of the ugliest buildings in Edinburgh (you know who you are Appleton Tower) However, this garden is  well laid out and surprisingly big. If the Meadows are too crowded to be in then by all means come here to chill (just turn your back to the Library). There's a Labyrinth thingy on one side- it's not really a labyrinth more like a self-meditating maze and often I have seen people concentrating hard as they walk around it. I myself am probably too shallow to understand its meaning on finding my true self and so have instead raced friends to the end of it (each starting at a different side). During the Festival this Garden gets even prettier- they put large paper lanterns, a bar and wooden swings around and it's great to chill in with a great buzz of people!
5	By some cruel coincidence, or horrible planning on behalf of the university - I have found myself stuck in the library over these last few weeks revising, while summer arrives to all those around me. In the university of Edinburgh Library however, there is one glimpse of paradice - George Square GArdens.Yes, bang smack in the middle of the George Square university campus is a little haven for those who need a rest, some lunch and generally to just get into the sun light because hours cooped up indoors has given them a serious vitamin b deficience.The gardens arent huge - they are big enough, but they arent exactly the meadows across the way. There are some seats, some grass and more importantly its open and really rather lovely.
4	The George Square Gardens are a beautiful and refreshing oasis in the midst of Edinburgh University. It adds to the area just to see and walk by. However, you can actually go in and enjoy the gardens (which few seem to actually do). It is lovely to stroll around or to enjoy a refreshing lunch out here, too!
4	A head chilling stroll...Relaxing without chaos...An urban escape.
4	I used to walk past this everytime i went to and from work when i worked in the area.  It's a lovely garden and looks quite peaceful just sit and watch the world away!
