4	I was very impressed with the quality of the food and the price, less so with the service. Everyone was very nice but once we got our food, the empty plates took forever to be taken away and they didn't check to see if we needed drink refills (it's Arizona after all) until it was time to pay. But the food was mostly really good and the lemonade tasted fresh-made  (I don't know if it was). I was so hungry after not eating all day (too busy playing with my new EVO phone, hahaha) and I took a plateful of the salads and sushi's before I even saw that there were like 5 or 6 other bars to choose from. It was kind of overwhelming. The seafood salad was so refreshing and good even though I'm sure it just had the "krab", the sushi's were good for cheap buffet fare, the oyster or mussel or whatev with the spicy red sauce on it was plump and juicy, the broccoli salad was extra good, and I had so many other items on my plate of hot food I can't even remember them all. The orange chicken was good but pretty well-cooked, the crab legs were way too done, my daughter's H said the egg rolls weren't very good, the noodles were average, the pastry with crab mixture in it was divine as were the stuffed mushrooms, chicken skew wasn't very moist but had good flavor, same with the salmon, the pork rib was so good and tender with rich flavor that I thought oh no, I' won't be able to finish it I'm so full, but I kept taking tiny bites till I did.  There were some dunplings that were very good and a mussel with cheese sauce in the shell that was real nice, too.Some of the cakes/desserts had a fruity undertone I didn't care for (I just had tastes of my daughter's) but I kept going back like a mouse to nibble on her almond cookie, so yes, it was good. She was disappointed that in this 105 degree weather the ice cream machine was broken. My dinner was 10% off with a coupon and came to about $9 for dinner AND drink. They had a buy-one-get-one-for-50% coupon so theirs was $15 something for the two of them after tax.  We unanimously agreed we would be back to try more of the things we liked and the items we didn't get to, and that we had gotten a great value for our money!
3	This place is ok for me. The food isn't bad its just not spectaculiar. The floor was kinda dirty. There frozen yogurt was only good for a couple bites. I've had better chinese. But still and ok place to go for lunch.
4	This pretty, fairly large place is just a month old.  I discovered it a day or two ago, & got together with Mike C. today to drop in & give it a try.They were serving up a big selection of 106 food items at lunch time, & some of the things I particularly enjoyed were their tangy Ranch Dressing, excellent sushi, & a wide selection of fruit, with all of it seeming to be exactly at the peak of ripeness & flavor.  There were a few unusual tastes too, such as Japanese Carrot slices, to set the place apart a bit.  The Mongolian BBQ was great.  In fact, EVERYTHING was great!  It's not quite as spectacular as Pacific Seafood or Jen, & I fear we get a bit jaded (to coin a Chinese term   :-)), but this place is VERY GOOD, & look at the low price!Lunch Buffet $6.29/$5.66 Sr.
4	I went here for lunch with Rand H. and the choices were large (roughly 100) and with everything being good to great. I did not have anything I did not like. A couple of things that stood out were the onion rings,baked salmon,Japanese carrot slices witch are yellow and sweet nothing at all like a carrot.The lunch i had was good and I would go back to this place. Yay I am a fan.i
3	The first time we went to Panda King for dinner it was very good. Lots and lots of choices. We went back yesterday for lunch (about 1:30 pm) and took some guests with us. Unfortunately, it was not very good at all. I think the food had been sitting out for a long time, and a lot of the buffet tables were low on food and no one seemed to be refilling. The sweet and sour chicken was so hard I could not even chew it. It was like a rock. We may try it again given that the first time we were there it was so good. But if it isn't better than yesterday we will scratch it off our list. This place is in a great location with the light rail station close by, so hopefully they will improve and make a go of it.
1	I feel like I went to a completely different place than other reviewers. Perhaps it was just an off day but I won't risk it again.First off the air wasn't working and it was summer. The place was packed with loud children screaming everywhere and the server didn't refill our drinks once. That alone would have been okay if the food was good but it wasn't. While there was a wide variety of it...nothing was actually good. Most of it was cold and looked like it had been sitting out forever even though it was the middle of lunch. After one tiny plate my boyfriend and I paid and left because it just wasn't worth staying.
4	Went back for a seocnd time. Much better. A lot more flavor to their dishes. There orange chicken had a a lot more kick. There mongolian however was ok. They need to offer a more variety of sauces and that will do the trick. But everything else was great thus awarding them one more star.
1	I've been getting flyers about this place for the past couple of months, so my wife and I decided to  stop by for lunch. The food was nothing special. I had the egg foo young and it was very bland, I think the spicy dishes were the only foods with flavor. There was only one waitress and we waited for drink refills for about 15mins, by then we were finished. The bathrooms are disgusting! trash all over, floors with grime and no TP or paper towels. Getting to the restroom, there were boxes in the way that were thrown from the kitchen doors which btw is right across from the restrooms. We are definitely not going back again.
2	Maybe Im way too pickey since I really havnt had a of good things to say about most of the places Ive been. This place is no different! We went there and the food was over cooked or had been sitting out for way tooo long. I see that it shut down for a while then opened back up under the same name. I will give it a try again to see if the new owners care a little more about the product than the last.
3	I thought the atmosphere and some of the other customers were a little weird, but the meal itself was good.  It is your standard buffet fare.  The one item that shined for me was the shrimp and corn dish.  I have no idea what it was called.  It was delicious.  The egg rolls were also notable because you could taste the meat and it was balanced well against the veggies.  This buffet is located at the end of the light rail line (Sycamore & Main), so it makes a convienient and affordable stop if you are touring on the rail.  One of the train operators reccomended this buffet.
1	Just wanna say she put ice in my cup with her hands....... enough said.
3	Had to drop a star. There service is HORRIBLE. The people there are rude and talk about you behind your back. My roommates and I are ate there once and on of the workers there got mad that my friend didn't eat everything cause he didn't like it. They wanted to charge us for food not eaten. Um excuse me? Its a buffet you should encourage eating loads of food and selling doggie bags. Not discouraging me to get large amounts of food and threatening to charge me money for the stuff i couldn't finish or I didn't like it. There food may be good at times but they really need to work on there customers service if they want people to come back. Its cool they have start delivering now will update when i experience there delivery service.
3	Just intented to share my opinion that it is pretty nice place, good food (meat, fish, BBQ, shrimps, fruits, ice-cream...), good choice (30+ dishes, I think ) at extremely cheap price (5.99 whole day + 1.39 unlimited fountains), but suddenly noticed......a cockroach crossing my table.
2	I received a flyer on my door and thought I go try it out since it advertised to be $5.99 for the buffet.  The next day I went and the prices were $6.20 due to prices in food going up, I had to laugh at that since it was just the day before I got a flyer for it being cheap. I found the food selection the typical small buffets and there was not much selection. The food tended to get that overcooked layer on them when no one was turning the food so it wont get that film on it.  The food tasted good despite that but I felt it wasn't that great of a selection.  Plus it was odd they had their doors open and not closed, which tells me they didn't run the air conditioner.  If you want something cheap I guess this place is okay but if you want more selection and real good food, don't waste your time.
4	Sadly, this nice Buffet has closed.     :-(
1	Horrible food. Rude people. Closed now, thankfully.
