2	I stayed for 6 nights on my recent trip to Montreal.  Main reason I booked this place was the free internet and a relatively good location.  As for the room itself-Smelled funky overall with extremely strong smell of cleaning agent (not just in the room, but all over the hallway.  You walk out of the hotel smelling like Pinesol or something of that sort) The hotel is supposedly smoke-free, but on several occasion, I smelled pretty strong cigarette smoke coming into my room.  The room was generally hot.  Good thing it was in the winter so I could just open the window and let the cold air in.  I think the AC in my room was broken.It has a kitchen with a pretty good size refrigerator, stove, and microwave.  I wasn't planning to cook in the room, but might be convenient for people staying for long term.  One other thing that really bothered me was that the shower makes this really high and creepy screeching shrieking noise the whole time it's on.  Really not a happy way to start or end your day.It is an old old hotel with old old everything, but looked really good online at the booking website.   I don't think the charges were particularly cheap, either, so try to stay away if you can.
4	My sister and I stayed here for one night.  We loved that it was within walking distance of everything we wanted to do, and the room itself was clean and comfortable.  We had no trouble finding the parking garage (it's about half a block away and shared with their sister hotel).  The only downside was breakfast.  It was good, but the room in which they serve it is so cramped that it was difficult to walk between tables, and there was a table of people so close to the food line that it was almost impossible to fill your plate.  Other than that, it was a great experience!
2	This place was pretty bad. The only thing it had going for it was it's location, nothing more! The rooms were in terrible shape, questionable cleanliness, and only one elevator! Wifi wasn't free and parking which was nearly 2 blocks away at Les Suites LaBelle was $15 a night! There was no bellhop so we had to drag our suitcases up a ramp and flight of stairs to the main floor where the front desk and elevator was! It was not worth $149/night!
2	Spent over an hour looking for parking and going in circles around the block in traffic. Their lot was full so guy pointed to a garage a few blocks away. I'm spending $23 a day to park and had to walk 5 blocks thru homeless ppl to the hotel. Receptionist said I should have come in to ask about parking - great idea but I couldn't park the car to come in and ask!! Place is just ok, reminds me of college dorms. Will not be returning.
4	Stayed here for 3 nights. Conveniently located. Have very little to complain about. Our room (204) was very comfortable. We slept well. The shower was fine. Room was very spacious. The hotel was quiet. Continental breakfast was good. Parking was $15/day. Only wish there was another mirror in the room.
4	I want to say that this hotel is somewhere between a three and a four, but on balance it probably deserves closer to a four than a three. To start, the location is fantastic. Gay village is around the corner, old town is a stroll away, Chinatown is also nearby. I honestly don't think that I would have picked a better hotel over Roberval if it weren't as well sittuated. If you are in Montreal as a tourist then this place is great for getting around. My friend and I got what we thought was going to be a one room with one bed and a sofa, what we got was the equivalent of a one bedroom apartment with a kitchen (which we didn't use). This was great! The hotel has a standard breakfast with cereal, toast, bagels, whatever. The staff was very nice and some of the employees took a lot of time to give us directions. Our room was cleaned every day, but I will agree with some of the other reviewers that there was a cleaning agent smell that was a bit strong, but nothing overwhelming. The real down sides to the hotel are a bit of a sketch factor, the front desk closes for the night and you have to use a swipe card to get in. This gives the place a little bit of a hostel feel. There is no shampoo in the bathrooms and the soap comes from dispensers, which are kinda institutional. These were really my only complaints about this place, so if you are visiting and you need a great location at a good price, Roberval is perfect as long as you aren't expecting The Ritz!
4	Nothing special or memorable per se, but the service was friendly, it was well kept, clean, and in an excellent location if you want to experience various neighborhoods in Montreal.  All in all if you need a good, no frills, practical hotel for a decent rate this will fit the bill. Just don't expect anything especially romantic or extravagant and you'll be satisfied.
