3	Conveniently located about 5 miles from the Charlotte - Douglas Airport, with free shuttle service 24 hours a day (and sometimes cabs instead of shuttles, but as long as you're not paying, what's the difference, right?).  Convenient when your flight through Chicago is delayed (shock!) causing you to miss your connection and end up in Charlotte at midnight on a Thursday.  Also convenient - you share a parking lot with not only an IHOP, but also a pool hall and Gentleman's Club.  Because what the hell else are you going to do while stuck near the airport in Charlotte for 6 hours in the middle of the night?  Cuddle up under your highly flammable nylon bedspread?  They earn an extra star just because it's a hell of a lot better than sleeping in the airport.
3	Stayed here on business because the Holiday Inn Billy Graham - my usual stay -was sold out. Good location - it's on the other side of the I77 overpass where all the convenient places to walk are located. It's a very pretty facility, if somewhat aged. I didn't get to try the pub onsite nor did I sample their menu. The room itself was very large, and the king size bed was quite comfortable. The pillows didn't feel like they were there at all though. Not a good thing. It wasn't that they were soft so much as flimsy. Hot water pressure was good but the tub felt...almost slimy...definitely very slippery. Wear shower shoes. Typical in-room coffeemaker included but mine was messed up and leaked hot coffee all over the floor. I was not happy about that. Smallish bathroom overall, but still comfortable.What will get me staying here again, though, is the location. Conveniently located right next door to a gentlemen's club, raw bar and billiard room, and a 24 hour IHOP. It's also a very short walk to a Shell station, BP station, Bojangles, Captain D's, 2 Mexican restaurants and a steakhouse. Unlike the Holiday Inn you do have a choice in what to eat.As much as I travel, a room to me has become a room. It's as much about convenience to other places to go as much as anything. With that in mind, I think the Ramada is my new place to stay in Charlotte on business.
1	I hate to write negative reviews, but this was an awful hotel. The staff was great and responsive, but the property is decrepit and Ramada needs to figure out a way to update this property. I stayed at this hotel over the Democratic Convention and though convenient, I would never stay at this place again. This is out of date property that should be classified as a motel 6 not a Ramada.
1	This is literally the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. I would give it negative stars if I could because I feel there is no excuse for a chain hotel to be this incredibly awful. I'm genuinely surprised they don't charge by the hour. With how horrible the rooms are you think only destitute travelers (like myself) and prostitutes, or maybe drug users would end up in this decrepit, ugly, smelly, dirty, horrible place. You walk in and it's two hotels in one (???) the lobby looks semi ok as long as you don't get less than a few feet away and realize everything is filthy. Then it opens into some bizzaro atrium/restaurant/indoor apartment complex (???). It looks like the hotel Cedar Rapids was filmed in, but more gross and since you're actually here you can't get away from the smell. The rooms are not at all what are posted here. They are old, stinky, and dirty. My bed has what appears to be sparkly lipgloss on the flat sheet the other bed looks like it was slept in and simply remade. The mattresses are yellow with age and filth. The toilet won't flush unless you hold the handle for a good 30 seconds, although with out much inspection the bathroom seemed cleaner than everything else. I would never, ever, come here by choice. I've stayed in my fair share of cheap hotels, many cheaper than this hotels advertised "managers special" of 59$ but this place is by far the worst of any of those places. Take your money else where. Hopefully I don't catch body lice or some other disease sleeping here tonight. On the plus side, free wifi.
1	YUCK!!!! Do not stay in this dump. Lets start off by saying they only got 1 star because I had to leave one. First thing first the girl at the front desk hates life is the impression we received. Then we went to the room after getting lost trying to find it, yea that's right good luck trying to find your room through the moldy smelling halls. Then we got there oh my gosh!!! It was gross, the sheets were dirty, there was fecal matter in the toilet, the sink had standing dirty water in it because it couldn't drain,oh and there was trash on the floor?!!! Wtf? So I went to the front desk to talk to the manager and was told no manager was on duty but the Owner was here so they called the owner and she told them she didn't have time to deal with me! So i checked out and checked in to the Clarion that is connected to it. And it is owned by the same people but better rooms, beds, and smells better. There was a lady at the Clarion front desk that was checking in also that checked out of the Ramada after going in her "clean room" and finding dirty wet underwear on the floor! THE RAMADA IS A DISEASE INFESTED MOTEL DO NOT STAY THERE!!!!
2	My family and I decided to stay here while traveling for Labor Day weekend and I should have just stayed at another hotel considering there are other options in the area. We awoke at 8 and wanted to shower then hit the road but we were short on cloths and towels. I went to the front desk to request these items and a woman named Sharon Faile told me the hotel was out of all these items and that we would have to wait unitl 930 when housekeeping arrived at work. At a hotel? Come on. So I asked if there was anything that could be done and I was told to just wait until housekeeping arrived once again. No effort, no professionalism. I then went next door to the Clarion and the lady at their front desk was much more helpful. She went and found housekeeping and some towels and was very nice and professional handling this situation. Overall stay was ok, I mean we slept, but overall service was horrible so I'll pass on this Ramada if in the area again.
1	This place was....AWFUL! It is huge, and old and the rooms all smell awful.  The toilets barely worked.  More importantly, this place is a crackhouse hotel.  There were prostitutes all over and crackheads running around accosting the guests when we returned at night.  We were offered every kind of drug you can think of.  There are crackheads living here with babies.  The free internet computers are mobbed by crackheads at all hours.  And I can say they are crackheads because one asked for a lighter to smoke crack with and would not give it back.  This place is DANGEROUS. I was almost assaulted by people in the elevator because I would not accept $40 just to hang out with a guy.  People are visibly high out of their minds.  I called and told the management what happened and that I would be checking out before the second night and that I would not be paying for the first night.  One security guard popped his head around and he was ARMED!  They agreed.  "I said, I'm from NYC and your hotel scared me.  You have crackheads running around like lunatics and you know it.:
1	US airways flight got mechanical issues and we got these hotel vouchers. (Details after hotel review).Lobby: clean spacious and there are couches. Decent. Lady at counter was nice and quick. Elevators are past waterfall (yes there is a small waterfall in the hotel to the side -it's very odd.)Rooms: I got put in a double bedroom. It looks clean from the beginning however if you look at it closely there are weird just colored stains on the sheets.Bathroom: this part killed it for me I came in to bathroom and I grab a towel in which I found hair on them still. It looks like the maid just re-folded them from prior usage because they looked clean the most part. On the sink, there were smoke smudges of some sort which I do not know where they came from.This was very gross upon entrance-it looks decent but I'm closer examination hotel was not very clean but I guess what you expect from a free hotel or a two star hotel? FYI-There's also a gentleman's club across the street making this a very odd location.*travel voucher-If this happened to you-be careful! There will be hundreds of people in same boat so the shuttle to and from hotel will take forever cause they take 10ppl at a time in 25-30min intervals. Once off flight,  you wait to get the voucher then you have to wait for the hotel shuttle then you have to wait to hotel check-in! so ends up being about 1.5hour by time you get to your hotel room! They put you first flight in the morning so you get about 3-4hr sleep then shuttle back to airport. :/
2	Smelly and old interior, their Clarion which is attacked to the same building is newer and better! I requested a wake up call, they didn't set one for me, luckily i had back up, otherwise i would had missed my flight out of this dump
2	Stayed here one night while visiting Charlotte. Place is not the worst iv seen but DEFINITELY not the best. Place seems kinda old and run down....halls and rooms are smelly. Just a place to stay if you need a cheap room to get ya some.
1	After a horrible day of flying cross country where nothing went right, I was booked into the Ramada Inn for a night. Upon check in, I was given a time for the shuttle the next morning so I could catch my flight.  The next morning, I arrived at the shuttle only to find it was completely full. By pre-selecting a time for the shuttle, I was under the assumption there was no way it could be full. After all, that is a reservation, right? Wrong. When I addressed this with the front desk woman, she informed me it was "not her fault" that the shuttle was overbooked. Actually it is. It is clearly written the amount of people that need the shuttle and the amount of seats available. The front desk woman continued to be extremely rude throughout this whole experience and provided zero assistance to me and fellow stranded travelers. This place was a nightmare through and through. Besides this terrible shuttle experience, the rooms were gross and outdated. I would never stay here or any other Ramada Inn following this awful experience.
1	I use Yelp fairly often but have never posted a review... until now.  This was by far the most horrible hotel I have ever seen.  There were cockroaches everywhere!  Most were dead but there were a few live ones.  We didn't stay the night, didn't even feel comfortable opening our bags for fear we might let who knows what else into our things.  DO NOT EVER STAY HERE!!!  GROSS, GROSS, GROSS, GROSS, GROSS!!!
2	Eh.  I did not want to stay here.  My flight was delayed until a day later and I was given a hotel voucher by US Airways for this hotel.  The lobby was nice as was the receptionist, but other than that I thought the whole place was drab.  I did notice some parts were blocked off for renovations- a good move.My room was okay.  No fridge, no robe.  Not so clean shower, but plenty of towels and toiletries.  My sink didn't drain in the bathroom but I was so exhausted and truly only there for 6 hours that I didn't care to complain.Walls are thin, I could hear my neighbors until 1 AM.
1	AWFUL!!!! The smell of mold in the area the motel wants you to eat breakfast in is so overwhelming that I actually have to hold my breath to get through. There are 26 concrete structures inside this area that also back up to the interior room windows. I've never been in a more unsanitary motel. Hopefully the owner takes note of this review and gets things cleaned. It will need a major overhaul. Check in was fine, although when I arrived, I waited about 5 min before a clerk presented themselves.
