5	This health club is a terriffic find.  It is well equiped with a great view of the river.  It is the cleanest gym I have ever been in.  The membership prices are a bargin and the training staff is wonderful. Give it a try. They offer a free seven day trial pass.
1	I trained with a personal trainer who rented space from this health club. I often used the cardio machines as a part of my workout, until the owner got mad at my trainer for allowing her clients to use them. What's the point of "renting a space" if you can't use the space? The cleanliness and overall decor is pretty shabby. It's very dull, there are anemic dirty towels available for use, and it just doesn't have an inviting feel inside. Definitely  not a place that pumps me up. The only thing that redeems it is the view of the river. I stopped going here and decided to join Evolutionary Fitness at RIDC Park down the road, as well as doing classes at the bFit studio inside the yacht club.
3	Great view of the river, friendly and funny trainers, but could use some updated equipment. The general staff has gotten friendlier, but still not the best. The decor could use an update, but overall, this gym has improved since my last review!
5	After reading previous reviews, I decided to write a few words for Allegheny River Health Club. I have been with them for 3 years. It is a medium size gym, lately (end of 2013) changed ownership/manager. It got repainted and bathroom has been upgraded.Staffs are always friendly and helpful.I usually go there during lunch time. It is not crowded. I can always find treadmill and elliptical to use. Locker room is clean. Two showers in lady's room. Always has clean towel. And I never lost anything there. I forgot my shampoo there for a few times and got them back after a weekend. It is in a very good neighborhood. In Spring and Fall, I just run outside along the river and come back take shower. It has joyful view of the river as been mentioned by other reviewers.  Lady above mentioned the gym in RIDC. I like that one too. Newer and bigger. But we are talking about monthly fee of 80 vs. 55.
