5	This station recently popped up in my neighborhood. Gas is SUPER cheap here. About 4-10 cents cheaper than anywhere else. Just remember, if you use your debit card, they charge you 35 cents. But hey, this is Vegas. Pay for your gas in $1's like a boss...or stripper.They have a massive soda fountain. It has the tiny crushed ice that I absolutely love. I stop in for a cup of ice and a bottle of Perrier occasionally, because I'm weird like that.Also, they have a car wash. It's easy, quick, and they do a good job. The attendant even pre-scrubs your car, and then after you go through the automatic machine, he will towel-dry the remaining moisture. Love that.All around, my new favorite gas station.P.S. If you want to hate on me for reviewing gas stations, well you sir, are a scrooge. :D
5	If you think that writing a review on a gas station is weird, you clearly haven't been to some of the more shady/run down spots in town. So one thing I have noticed whenever I am in the SW is that there really aren't any cheap gas stations, yeah I know its weird but pretty much every place is anywhere 10 cents (15 if your from North Town) more expensive than everywhere else. This station probably the cheapest place in the area to get fueled up. I have not seen a place in the area which even comes close to it. No more having to drive 20min out to Costco. However, be warned, they don't take credit cards!  Plus you get get a car wash here if ya need one.This Arco is brand new, there is just something nice about hitting up a new spot, its clean, no graffiti etched into pumps, or oil spilled everywhere. The ampm has a huge drink fountain, with pretty much every soda you could want available 'on tap'. One of the best things about station is of course the car wash. There is a guy there ready to scrub down your car before it goes into the tunnel. After there are guys waiting to wipe it down clean, and then you can pull into the 'car pods' where you can vacuum everything out from the interior, FOR FREE. Yes! I love free stuff.Overall its a great spot if you're in the area, check it out!
3	New location (Warm Springs & Ft. Apache). Arco is Arco...although clean because it is a brand new location,  offer competitive prices if you pay in cash. They jack the price a few cents per gallon if you use your debit card.
3	This location has the cheapest gas in the SW.  As all AM/PM locations they will charge you a 35 cent fee for using a debit card which is a one time fee per transaction NOT per gallon.  To avoid the 35 cent charge, pay with a credit card or cash.   Its a clean convenient location and they have a car wash and self serving vacuums.
1	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 9/100Ok. I will keep my rant rather brief. I am not a fan of any AM/PM gas stations. Why? As others have noted, they will charge you a 35 cent fee for using a DEBIT CARD. A. D.E.B.I.T C.A.R.D ?!?!It's not the peewee amount of 35 cents that grinds my gears. It's the principal behind it. Personally, I feel that this cost should be absorbed by the business itself. To me, this is the cost of doing business in this day and age by offering a convenience for your customers  Ugh, hello.... It's 2013. People use debit and credit cards for transactions and if you want my business, absorb the cost! Alright. There you have it. I've said my peace and will step off my soap box....
4	Cheap gas on the Western edge of town.
4	One of the better and cheaper gas stations in the area. It's busy in the summer with Wet and Wild nearby.
3	It's ok. :-) I mean it's a gas station, so...Like people have said the 35 cent fee for debit is ridiculous. It is annoying enough to have a fee for gas at the pump, but it is the same fee inside if you are picking up snacks and drinks and that is where it seems insane to have a fee!They do tend to have the cheapest gas, although if I have the 10 cents off from Vons, then that is usually a cheaper option and just down the block. I do like the pay with cash machines at the pumps, so it does make the paying with cash option easier since you don't need to go wait in line inside and you can avoid that fee. I finally got a car wash here (my go to is the place on the corner of Trop and Ft. Apache) and I thought it was below average. They dry it for you when you come out (and I always tip) and when I got out of the car to use the vacuums, there was still water dripping everywhere and lots of spots that should have been easy to rub off. The only plus side, imo, is that the vacuums are free and the set up works well for getting each side of your car, but it doesn't really make up for a crappy car wash. Again, it's just a gas station, so if I have cash with me to pay at the pump, its a good place to get cheap(er) gas.
5	Gas is always one of the cheapest in the areas! Car wash is great! $7.99 for basic and $10.99 for super shine (tire shine and a little more). the car wash attendants pre-rinse  your car with a pressure hose and finish off your car with a hand towel dry (in addition to the large dryers in the car wash) so they really do a good job. complimentary vacuums for you to use after as well. some vacuum hoses have low pressure but there are some good ones. in response to people complaining about the 35 cent debit fee: all Arcos do it, so don't give this gas station a 1 star because of it. The employees have no control over it, the supervisors have no control over it- don't be surprised that this Arco is no different than any other one. Yes it's annoying to pay a debit card fee, but it's 35 cents. Its not breaking the bank.
1	It would be zero stars if it could! A for effort, but after second time through damaged finish and just waived them off and left. Bought the "guaranteed" car wash. First time huge dirt and bug spots. Asked what the guarantee was, was informed to be satisfied and some rain guarantee also however they collect the receipt so that's not possible. Saw store manager, was run through again and scrubbing at spots damaged clear coat after second try. Still have large unclean areas with oily smudges, insect residue on windows and paint, and now scratched clear coat where they tried to remove a few of the stubborn spots. Sad as their liability only extends to the price of the service. Beware if you care about your investment!
