2	I ate there for the first time this week. I'd always avoided the Chinese buffet that preceded it but I love Thai food so I couldn't resist.It's nice inside... the atmosphere is a bit sterile/random. This is NOT a fancy place, but it's clean.The service was fine but it wasn't very busy when I was there.The only place it really fell down was the food... I had the green curry and it was way too sweet... almost cloying. Edible, but not good. The salad that preceded it (I had the lunch special) was just some sad iceberg with a glop of gooey peanut dressing... not much point to it.It's hard to judge a place on just one trip so I mean to go back and sample the Pad Thai... But from what I've seen it looks like I'm still stuck driving to Vegas if I want Thai food.
4	Loved this place. Very charming and the food was great. I had won ton soup and cashew crispy chicken. They were both great!
4	The food we had was delicious and far exceeded our expectations , since this was low priced.They start you off with a complimentary cup of egg flower soup or a small fresh salad with peanut dressing.We had Hot and Spicy Cashew Chicken and the Ginger Chicken Lunch Plates ($5.50@) Both were fresh and flavorful with a good meat to vegetable ratio and came with crispy vegetable roll and steamed rice shaped like a heart on your plate. Besides YUMMY FOOD service was very good and We were HAPPY we stopped here !
4	Definitely one of the better restaurants in Boulder City.  Comfortable, well-decorated interior and very reasonably priced.  Highly recommend the Kung Pao chicken and Tom Yum shrimp special.  If you like spicy, ask for the "secret" hot sauce ;).
1	We had hopes for this place when it re-opened, but it didn't really change much. Skip it. Mediocre Chinese and bad Thai. Keep driving if you want Asian food, nothing in Boulder City. We need a good Thai place!!!
2	This place is ok. I am a Thai food fan and my husband hates the stuff, so when I am REALLY craving some panang and it's the two of us for dinner, we come here because it does in a pinch for me and there's a good selection of Chinese dishes for him. Plus, we don't have to go all the way into Vegas or Henderson. It works.
2	Much to sweet for me.  Why do they have to add so much sugar.
4	I really like this place.  The staff is super friendly and always attentive.  You have to remember it's a small, family owned business.  They will work with you if you're polite.  There is a language barrier with some of the staff, but slow down and you'll figure it out. Little Dumplings is always satisfying.  We usually order egg fried rice and lettuce wraps but we've sampled just about everything on the menu.  We're not Thai fans so I can speak to those dishes.The only other option in town is the one with the black and white bear.  No thanks!
1	Have tried several times to call for take out and they refuse to answer their phones.They lost a lot of loyal customers this week. At least 6 of us order out for lunch everyday and we will never go here again. Very poor customer service!You think they'd be jumping at the chance to make a buck since 4 other restaurants in Boudler City have gone out of business in the last 4 months.
4	We discovered this  place after camping at az hot springs, we were too hungry to drive an hour to kingman, so we drove 20 miles or so out of the way and found this place. Our server was super socially awkward, but the food was delightful. Won ton soup was excellent. My panang was actually spicy  ( I hate it when they think bc you're white that you can't handle spicy food so they make it bland). My husband got their special which was a beef dish- also very good. Thai iced tea was super sweet- and i like my sweet things. Would definitely go here again if we were in the area.
1	If there was an option for no stars I would choose it. The entire place smells like sewer gas.  The owner was aware of the ongoing smell but apparently didn't really care about it when I spoke to him.
5	Checked into hotel & didn't feel like going to a restaurant w/3 kids cooped up in a car all day so we ordered delivery. The food was good & the portion size was HUGE! I had beef fried rice & it was fresh. The kids shared orange chicken & that was very good too. If I come back through Boulder City, I will order from them again!
3	Little Dumpling changed a little bit since my last visit. They still offer fresh, quick, hot very low priced entrees that include a cup of soup mostly priced at $5.50. They dropped the side salad and the short menu and the scoop of rice is no longer heart shaped.I enjoyed the ginger chicken last time so I decided to try it again. The white meat chicken was still very moist and nicely prepared but they weren't spot on with the sauce this time as most of it lacked the ginger and was too heavy with soy sauce.I tried a bite of the basil chicken. It was very tasty and good but not what I know as basil chicken. It was a different formula that wasn't as balanced as I like it with the garlic  chilies and fresh basil. It seemed heavy with shrimp paste instead of fish sauce but it still tasted good.I would still keep them on my rotation. Not the best but much better than a lot of places.
2	Barf. I can usually eat anything. The pad thai was the first dish in 10 years I couldn't eat v   The wifes cashew chicken was a 4/10. Keep driving to Naga if you want Thai.
1	This place is closed for quite a few months.A new "Asian Fusion" place is supposed to open at this location soon...word has it in town.
2	Nothing to exciting here. Food was ok. We were driving to Vegas and were in need of food. Stopped by to find the place empty. The waiter was very concerned that our children may spill our drinks or break a plate. Overall I would recommend to keep driving to Vegas to get some Asian.
