5	Found these guys through Google for "irrigation repair" and ended up having them fix the sprinkler system, expand the system and plant a whole bunch of plants for us. Robert came out and gave me the estimate and swapped out our old water clock in the garage. I wish the "consult" was free but they're a bigger company it seems like and my job was small peanuts. We ended up going over the original quote because we upgraded the plants and got a few more than the original plan. But in the end it's EXACTLY what we wanted and still a decent price for having it all done from speaking on the phone to someone to the final plant in 72hours. I'd definitely recommend these guys for either irrigation repair/installation and landscaping. Thanks Robert!Matt W.
5	Moved into a new house, and quickly discovered that the sprinklers would turn on, but not off. Figured out though that I could shut them off manually through a valve for the sprinkler system. Then the valve broke off, and started shooting water into the air. The only way to stop it was by shutting off the water to the whole house. This happened at 4:30 pm on a Friday. I called Irrigation Solutions, and they could have charged me the emergency rate to come in after 5, but instead the guy managed to get there in less than a half hour, specifically to avoid the extra charge. He fixed the problem so I had water working again right away. I wish I dealt with more contractors like this guy.
5	I had a leak in the irrigation system in my backyard. My water bill had doubled, and after my boyfriend tried (unsuccessfully) to fix it, I called Irrigation Solutions of Las Vegas. I was pleasantly surprised that they could come check out the problem the same day I called, within a small window of time. I hate dedicating a whole day waiting for someone to show up. My technician was Robert, he was super professional and knowledgable and got my issue fixed within 30 min of being there. As for the cost of the repair, it wasn't the cheapest, but it comes with a one year warranty and the parts used were high quality. You get what you pay for, right?It turns out they have a sister landscaping company, so they have all your lawncare based covered. I'm very pleased with this company and look forward to working with them in the future. Thank you!
5	I called Irrigation Solutions because I read all the great reviews. Our irrigation system was a mess, leaks, no timer, flooded valves, etc. Robert came out and replaced the valves, fixed the leaks, installed timer control, and he took the time to explain everything he did and how it all worked. He did an operational check on all zones and ensure everything was working properly. He is thorough and very knowledgable. He is also very polite and a true professional. They give you a year warranty on the work performed. I highly recommend this company. Thank you for your professionalism.  Don M.
5	Busted pipe in front yard which went under drive way.   Previous builder has not completed the job right the first time.  Robert gave me a good quote and completed job no hassles along the way.
