5	This little place is a gem!  The super friendly staff will make you feel right at home. They make all of their cold pressed juices and elixirs from local organic produce fresh daily.  They have all their juices listed on the menu when you walk in.  If you're unsure of what you want, they will let try anything on the menu.  I recommend the Mother Earth which is their signature blend.  This juice is as fresh and healthy as it gets and its tastes delicious too!  You won't be sorry you stopped by.
5	Local, organic, raw and cold pressed - juice at it's best in taste and health benefits. knowledgeable staff happy to give samples. Great elixirs and cleanses too. Convenient location and super fun shop.
5	I was recently referred to Juice Core by my girlfriend and my first visit there was fantastic. For most of it I was on the phone trying to figure out what to buy for her when her co-workers chimed in. While they checked out the menu I was treated to as many free samples as I wanted! It was so delicious and I even ended up enjoying juices that I was skeptical about. The "Kick Some Acid" is my favorite. Much thanks to James for putting up with the confusion that came from the three orders I had to piece together via text message.If you're looking for more than just a glass of AJ, OJ or GJ (yes...GJ) this is your place to go! Be sure to try the Elixirs, they come with chia seeds which are delicious and taste like the gummy version of the drink you're having.Don't expect to walk out with change in your pocket. It's a bit pricey but definitely fair for the quality of the product you're getting.
5	Amazing juice and great people. they always have fresh flavors...SUPER HEALTHY AND FRESH!!! Will make you feel like  a million bux!They also have a location in Gilbert Farmers market on Saturdays if you are East Valley! Kick some acid and peachin' to the choir are my favorites.
3	Juices are good but customer service (online and in person) sucks.Also not a fan of plastic bottles. Kinda goes against the entire concept of healthy eating.
5	Very helpful staff. Was my first time in and they took the time to explain all the different ones to me and let me sample them before I bought. Will deff be going back here, would recommend this place over the other scottsdale juice bars
5	I'm a huge fan of juicing... and now there's a place that's easy for me to keep the juice flowing when I don't have time to do it myself. Mother Earth and CRTL+ALT+DEL are just a few of my favorites. Love the seasonal concoctions as well. I can even stock up for a few days at once because they are cold pressed.You can also find these fine folks at the farmers market in Old Town Scottsdale on Saturdays - but it's far more convenient to have a location and get what I want, when I want it! As a long time juicer, please note these are not sweet/sugary juices loaded with sugar and calories. These are straight up well-balanced veggies with the perfect amount of sweet. They have sweeter options but if you're "Not a Sissy" - they actually have a juice called HARD CORE - for us who love the greens. Pricing is right on, some might consider it pricey but trust me - buying organic vegetables, taking the time to juice, etc. - it's spot on. I visit them often and actually have waited far too long to write this review!!!
5	I'm obsessed to say the very least!! I started juicing at home about 4 months ago which is great but time consuming.... So I had a busy December and slowly started buying juice from Juice Core everyday!! The entire staff is very friendly and I've ordered online as well. Every juice is delicious and I usually buy 6 at a time! Juice Core is by far the best!
4	I had a great experience here and would most likely go back again if I'm in the neighborhood, however I wouldn't drive over there just for this place. I stopped in to stock up on some different variations of juice that I could drink the next few days. I explained that I was not interested in fasting and the woman there was so very nice and let me sample all of these great flavors. She was great. But there was a woman who came in after me that she paid no mind to. I kind of felt bad for her. Well, then I got my juices home and all but 2 expired the next day!! After I explained that I wanted to drink them through the next couple of days not just all one day I would hope that she would have advised me which ones to get that are good past the next day. I ended up wasting $30 in juice since I didn't get to it before expiring. Overall- very tasty juice.Pay attention to expiration dates.
5	absolute best juice ive had in phoenix. the range of juice they carry is perfect for everything i need. wonderful customer service from katie who was super sweet and guided me in the right direction. highly recommended!
5	I am huge on customer service and my expectations were exceeded.  I am new to juicing and had lots of questions. Mike (I'm terrible with names) greeted me upon arrival and we discussed my goals.  He allowed me to sample all the flavors availabe and provided me with a day to day drink schedule.  He was absolutley amazing.  The juices are delicious and the prices are similar to other places in the valley. The customer sevice experience is what has me sold on this place. I hugged him on my way out. Try this place, you wont regret it.
5	Joined Yelp just so I could write a review on this place! Absolutely love JUICE CORE! The staff is amazing, so knowledgable and patient. Katie, the redhead is usually the one helping me. I JUST LOVE HER! Every time I go in there she lets me try new juices they've concocted and gives me great juicing and yoga advice. The pricing is dead on! It pretty much balances out to the same as if you were juicing at home. Keep up the good work guys! I'll always come in when I'm in Arizona. I'm addicted and so is everyone who tries it.
5	Amazing cold pressed juices!  I'm officially addicted.  My husband makes fun of me because they cost about $10 per bottle but I feel like it's totally worth it!  So delicious and refreshing--I'll buy a few at a time and keep them in my fridge for when I'm craving something sweet--they keep well for a couple days.  My favorites are Unicorn Blood and Strawberry Fields (both yummy and sweet), their almond milk (they add a little cinnamon to it), and Skinny Genes which I think is a better pick me up than coffee--the cayenne pepper is guaranteed to wake you right up!
1	How lovely, hate mail from the owner. After I posted my review i was sent hate mail from the owner. Even told me to try another juice store with a complete and utter attitude.Everything I talked about bad customer service online and in person confirmed in that one email.
5	Amazing delicious high quality juices - made by wonderful people! Always pick up a bottle when I'm at the farmers market. LOVE
5	A perfect pick me up in a 16 oz bottle! A happy body is a happy Adrienne! ;) Leslie was super helpful. She described all the ingredients, described the process of the juicing, and confirmed that they are genuinely 100% organic.
5	Well hello there ginger shots!!! These aren't on their normal menu. These shots are hard core and fabulous!!! I'm kind of obsessed on how amazing they have made me feel. Viva la ginger!!
5	Updated review: on my first visit it wasn't the greatest but it wasn't bad. I decided to go back today and give it another try. I wasn't feeling well so I stopped in for a nutritional boost. I received excellent service and was recommended something to settle my stomach. I don't remember the name but it was orange, carrot and ginger- delicious! I'll definitely go back!
4	Slightly overpriced, but the "Skinny Jeans" juice is delicious.  The inside could be a little more inviting & it is a little dark, but is basically just a grab and go place.
4	I recently discovered this juice bar on a visit in downtown Scottsdale.  I was pleased with the service and selection of juices.  The bottles with caps provide a convenient way to take it home.  It is open early (6am) and on weekends which is nice for those of us who work.  I've found that the selection is a bit limited at the end of the day, but they still have much to offer.  The location is a bit off the main path but the juice is delicious and well-prepared.  All ingredients are on the labels.  Good stuff!
5	Unicorn Blood! This shit is so good no wonder they're extinct! I went to pick up a 6-pack of juices for me and my gal the other day and walking into this joint you get hit by the fresh smell of veggies and fruit. I am not going to lie to you and make it sound like I am some health nut. Far from it, I eat burgers and drink martinis! Since I tend to treat my body like a bar more than a temple I figured I should give this juice thing a try. Been drinking odd colored and odd smelling drinks for a month now and I would have to say I do feel better and look like I am maybe 4 weeks younger! Well I can't vouch how it compares to other juice places since I am still a newbie, but Juice Core definitely is a great place to drop in and get some healthy shit!
5	Great variety with unique flavors. They were very friendly and let us sample all the juices! The date Brazil nut cacao balls are sweet and yummy. Will go back for another juice.
5	I have to say this micro juice bar is wonderful. It is cute and adorable inside. I love their packaging the bottle can be reused for something else. I went inside to search for a juice for my cold. The girl recommended the Feeling better which had carrot, oranges and ginger. I love that their juice is completely organic and made fresh daily. Their menu is constantly changing  and they have juices that target a specific ailment which I love. Also if you are unsure the staff was knowledgable and let you try samples. They also offer juice cleansing kits at a reasonable price. Will be back for more delicious options.
