3	Reliably good.  They offer a nice selection of toasted sandwiches, salads, and wraps.  I didn't notice until last night they have pizza as well.  I tried the grilled chicken and pesto, and it was actually pretty tasty.  I always find the staff at this location to be very nice as well.
4	Love love love Schlotzskys. I have frequented the one on 90th and Shea. It's kind of hard to get to only because that intersection is so jam-packed all the time. The food is great and consistent. I only gave it 4 stars because the staff is not the friendliest and sometimes forget things (no onions, horseradish, etc.). This is the closest one to my house. If it were to be any closer, I'd be in big trouble.
3	My first time at a Schlotzsky's Deli and they got my order wrong.The food isn't bad, but nothing special either. (3-star, go figure) I Will probably try it again due to the convenience of the location alone, and because the price is decent.
3	The food at this Schlotzky's is pretty good. The couple times that I have gone here, it has been really empty. Maybe they get a rush from the hospital accross the street, but whenever I go it seems like no one ever goes there. But the food is good and the pricing is ok. Its not the cheapest, but it is also not super exepensive.
2	I had only been to one other Sclotzsky's before visiting this one, and that was several years ago. After my second visit, I now remember why it had been so long since the first.When I walked in, I was surprised by how crowded it was. I mean, the parking lot was pretty much empty. And then I saw it...the reason behind this mystery crowding. As it turns out, this location was undergoing MAJOR renovations when I visited. So, the entirety of the dining room had been condensed into one overcrowded section of seats.When I took a look at the menu, I was underwhelmed. There just weren't many options to be had. They had a few different combo options, each one for around $9.00. I settled for the black angus on wheat with a medium drink, and I skipped the chips. That last move turned out to be a big mistake.When my sandwich came, it was a complete disappointment. It looked like I had just paid $9.00 for two pieces of bread, an entire head of lettuce, and two slivers of meat swimming somewhere in between. In the sandwich's defense, the bread WAS really good.Hopefully now that I've put proverbial pen to paper about this place, I'll remember to save myself a trip the next time the opportunity arises. I'm pretty sure I'm not the only person who doesn't appreciate paying good money to leave a restaurant still hungry.
2	It definitely looks more pleasing than your average fast food place. But then again, paying eight to nine dollars for fast food is kind of expensive.I'm thinking you can get more food at a cheaper price with comparable atmosphere somewhere else. Who knows. Maybe I'm a cheapskate.AND THEY RAN OUT OF NAPKINS at lunch time. That's a first for a fast food place...
1	This was my first and most likely last time I visit this chain.  The reason, there was nothing special about this visit and lots of room for improvement.  Neither the menu, service or management was above mediocre.Part of the problem is my fault.  What can I say, I never would have expected a Deli to serve PIZZA'S  I mean really, a pizza from a deli.  I thought I was ordering a 14 sandwich, when in fact I ordered a pizza, from a Deli.  When the order was brought out I was kind-of shocked that I had 2 pizza's.  I ordered what I thought was a small sandwich for my wife.  The young man that brought out the food called the manager over, who then began to inform me that I ordered a 14", yep, you got it Pizza.  When I told him I thought I ordered a sub, he was rather rude in stating "we don't sell subs here".  No offer to remake the order, he just had to prove he was correct and I was wrong.  Where's Willy Degal when you need him.  So since I had paid for the order and since it was my fault, I accepted defeat and left with my pizza's.  Sadly, the pizza's weren't really that good either.  I've never had a sourdough pizza crust, until now, and even though it was light and airy, I couldn't taste any sourdough.  So all in all, an epic fail on every aspect of my visit here.  I'm hoping that the chain and the stores do well, but it will be without my help.
4	Great place. Great food as always. The bread is awesome!  Fast service and friendly.
4	Great sandwiches.  My kids love the pizza and soda fountain with the numerous options.
2	Let me preface this review by saying that I haven't eaten at a Schlotzsky's since around 2001. Now, I know why it's been 13 years.I agree w/a lot of what Marc T. mentioned in his review also. The menu was rather bland and disappointing. I did opt for the Classic combo #1 and was excited as there involved some Italian cold cuts. It arrived semi-warm/toasted, but... I dunno - it just didn't appeal to me (taste, texture - everything). It was a rather confusing sandwich, shall I say? I guess I would never think to put mustard and mayo w/an Italian sandwich (cuts, black olives, etc). Plus their bread doesn't excite me either. It's too thick for me. I'll stick w/Quiznos for toasted sandwiches moving forward.I AM stoked that they serve Cinnabon's at this restaurant because who doesn't love the gooey overload of wonder-dessert? Yes, my blood sugar spikes highly and I feel like a legless slug after consuming one, but it's so sinfully delicious.
4	Chipotle chicken sandwich is bomb!  This is the closest location in North Scottsdale off of Shea and the 101.  It's never too busy to get a quick bite to eat here.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  I hope they stay in business because no other sandwich is made like a Schlotzky's sandwich!
5	Schlotzsky's is known as a sandwich place, but I only get their BBQ chicken pizza. It is so good that I haven't strayed in years.This location has a Coca Cola Freestyle, perfect.
1	Im actually surprised this place is even still open. Its ridiculously expensive for not so good food! I went at night and could barley see the menu, the woman taking my order was rude and rushed me. When I pulled up to get my food the woman was yelling at her co worker to shut up at least 3 times forgot my chips and my cookie! ughh $24 for horrible service and missing food! Not going back again!
4	For a fast food like place, this restaurant is actually pretty darn good. They have a great variety of sandwiches, salads, flat breads, pizzas, etc. The reason I gave it only 4 stars is that they are just a bit expensive for what they have.
