5	Love them! We did some serious shopping around for my engagement ring and decided to end up having one custom made. The custom setting was much cheaper than just buying a setting from any of the other jewelers in town.. and they really aimed to please! They made 3 wax casts to make sure they really got it right, and they were happy to make some minor tweaks (free of course) that we requested after the ring was done. Joanie is a sweetheart, and really knows her stuff! She was so patient and 100% not pushy! They never tried to upsell us.. in fact they talked us into going with some cheaper options and tried to find ways to save us money. Oh and lastly, the owner is a Vegas institution. He made all the jewelery for the movie Casino.. and has made jewelery for Elvis and now makes all those big trophy belts from the boxing matches. His walls are covered with celebrity fans. Definitely a place full of Vegas history.. I couldn't think of a better place to buy a special piece of jewelery.
4	1. This place is super fun to look around.  The jewelry is of course gorgeous.  There are hundreds of pictures of Mordechai, the owner, with celebrities that he has created pieces for.  The best is a copy of a check from Elvis that has "Rings for Elvis" as the memo line.  I found that so hilarious when I saw it.2. The prices at this place are great.  I've gotten my wedding set polished and rhodium plated here for $50.  When I shopped around for rhodium plating at some of the jewelry stores you find in the mall, they quoted me $65 to $80 A PIECE and had to ship it out.  The Jewelers did both pieces for $50 right in the store and it took about 10 minutes.  I recommended them to a friend and she's actually gone there three times now to fix her jewelry because their prices are so great.Worth the drive down there!  They're honest people at The Jewelers and love what they do!
5	I recently had many pieces of old jewelry melted down and reset into a necklace and a ring. The Jewelers were awesome to work with. I live in California and they were very accommodating with sending me photos and the waxes to ensure I liked the setting prior to it being cast. They were WAY more affordable than any place I spoke with in California and worked quickly on my pieces. Additionally, they bought back my left over materials (gold, diamonds, etc.) that I didn't need in the new setting. I have found myself a new jeweler and it makes no difference to me that they are in a different state. Thank you, Joanie for being so wonderful!
3	Price for resizing was very fair.Their certificate of value for mounted diamonds was high.  Value determined was actually insurance value.  Keep in mind this is a big difference from actual value.Friendly staff, not pushy.However, much of the diamonds were overpriced nor did they seem willing to negotiate.My visit was over a year ago.NOTE:  The 09/09/2010 post from "Jennifer B." stated that "The Jewelers" did not identify the clarity of her diamond correctly.  By industry oversight, if not by law, no jeweler is required to be spot on...only within a one or two grades of the "actual" clarity.  And  remember, diamond grading is part art part science, so as long as a jeweler is close there is no crime to be "off" in this respect.There are several certificates you can get from several recognized labs for the SAME diamond that result in different grading. It's the way the industry is.Same with appraisals on homes or any other object such as a car.  What you feel it to be worth is not likely what the next prospective buyer may think.  Further, an appraisers declared "value" is only an estimate not carved in stone.
5	Mordechai at the jewelers is absolutely the best. My neighbor Georgie just took her gold Rolex in to be repaired because She fell and just smashed it and it looks brand-new. I highly recommend the jewelers!!!
5	Have purchased several pieces here and have been very pleased.  Their prices are fantastic.  And the quality is second to none.  Ask for Mordechai!!!
5	Just picked up an ultra thin anniversary band to match a previous purchase.  Pricey, beautiful pieces at reasonable prices.  Lovely, friendly staff.  In an out of the way spot off of I-15, but easily directed by phone gps.  Like this shop very much.  Ask for Joanie.
5	I called the jewelers on Western Avenue and explained to the man that picked up the phone that I needed to wait while they changed the battery in my Breitling watch. I had checked with several other jewelers but they all wanted me to drop the watch off for several days. The man that answered the phone identified himself as Mordechai and told me to bring the watch over and he would take care of it while I waited. That's exactly what they did. Immediately upon my arrival Mordechai identified himself, took my watch and handed it off to his watchmaker and then chatted with me and brought me a cold water while we waited for the battery to be changed. Great experience and when in Vegas if I need jewelry or jewelry repair I will be returning to the jewelers
5	Mordechai is the best.  He's been in business in LV for decades and I like that the place still has an old-school Vegas feel to it. I had two custom pieces made from scratch here and both were perfect. If you buy a piece here they tend to repair and adjust it forever without charge. They take of working folks with just as much care as the boxers, entertainers and celebrities that frequent the place. Best jewelry store in LV hands down.
5	I never buy jewelry and the whole process scares me. I don't have time to learn and most of the time I feel helpless. I went into "The Jewelers" in Las Vegas because of the great reputation. I immediately met the owner and loved every minute I was there! He was one of the nicest people you will ever meet. The staff was patient and friendly. I was blown away how they helped and made sure I was happy. Great experience!!!
5	We have been doing business with Mordici for 12 yrs & won't go anywhere else. They stand behind their jewelry & take care of us everytime we need a cleaning or etc. the jeweler is the only place to go.
5	I would not consider purchasing jewelry anywhere else.  Plus, since I purchased my Tag watch there, they charge me only $5 for a battery change.  Tower of Jewels charges $35.  Why go anywhere else?  Dealing with both Mordechai and Joanie is similar to visiting with good friends.  Thank you for taking excellent care of us for the past 7 years!!
5	Mordechai and his son, Benny, are so nice and hospitable. They great you with a smile and do whatever they can to make you happy. I feel completely satisfied when I leave. Thank you
5	Been buying from them for the last 4 years. I dont go anywhere else for jewelry and watches. Youre always greeted with a big smile from the Guard and everyone is warm and friendly. No pressure sales and unbeatable prices. Mordechai (Owner) and Joanie (Mgr) are the BEST !!! Lots of Las Vegas celebrities that have purchased from them are framed on the walls. One of the hidden treasures of Las Vegas....highly recommended !
5	Absolutely an amazing experience, just got an amazing deal on a Kate spade watch the only problem was it was a tiny bit to big (literally take out 2 links and you're good) we came here and they were decently busy but they fit us in right away took 5 min to get the links off and also they cleaned my ring! So nice and amazing work!!! Love this store!!!!
