5	This newly opened store is fantastic. The employees are willing to help and gracious to all concerns you may have. It's not as overwhelming as the Forever 21 at Arrowhead in Glendale, and conveniently completes Scottsdale Fashion Square, in my opinion. Though it is new, there are a lot of people, but lines move quickly. And as to be expected from Forever 21, sales are bountiful.
5	God, I love this store.  I have been a fan for years.  The clothes are so cute and the store is so big and so affordable!!!!  Very happy they finally put one in Scottsdale!
3	I love the prices and the styles offered at Forever21.  Where else can you buy a fitted, stylish black wool peacoat for $35.00??  However, I have found their service to be lacking, on multiple occasions.  Most notably, the week before Christmas.  I understand you are swamped with customers that are throwing the merchandise around like its a swap meet.  I understand that the line is out the door and you don't have a break in sight.  I even understand that certain policies must be adjusted due to in-store volume.  But when I wait in said line for 20 minutes, to place a jacket on hold that I am planning to return for in just an hour, it is extremely off-putting when the gentleman behind the counter disdainfully states "we aren't holding anything today", and then hands BACK the merchandise...like what?  Am I supposed to return it to the rack?  Are you going to offer me any kind of alternate solution? Nope!  Instead, he called "next" and I was shunted to the side, bewildered as to what to do with the jacket that had just been thrust back at me....Needless to say, I found a jacket somewhere else that day.  Of course I will still shop here, but I'm not going to expect stellar service, and if there's a line, I might just go elsewhere.  OH, and PS - you can't return anything (one BIG reason I wanted to place the item on hold while I thought about it).  They only offer store credit - boo!!
4	You cannot beat great deals on cute clothes...they are so affordable and you can find something for almost every occassion...except formal...some of the stuff is a little cheap looking but come on you cannot beat the prices!!!  It is a great size store and have a large selection!  I will shop here as long as I can...it is FANTASTIC!!!
4	How can you complain about a retail store that sells trendy clothes for super cheap! I've recently come to terms with the fact that sometimes buying cheap clothes is not a bad thing.  The quality is not superb here, and most items won't last more than 5 washings, but for a $25 dollar dress, I can deal with that.  Forever 21 stores have a huge selection of clothes and they try to organize them by "theme" or style. It can be very overwhelming, so you should plan on walking around for at least 30 minutes before you even hit the dressing room.  I don't find that their "going out" clothes are too hot, but they have great everyday wear, and even some items you can wear to the office. I was recently surprised to see that some of the stores have added a men's, maternity and plus size section.  I'm currently not in the market for these sections, but it's cool anyway.  Their clothes fit pretty true to size, and unlike H&M you don't have to be a pencil to look good in them.  One thing that I found very strange is they can NOT take anything off the manikins. If you that is the only item left in the size you need, you have to put it on hold until the window display changes (which I believe occurs on Wednesdays), this is challenging because you can't try it on, and you only have 24 hours to pick it up.  Even with their funky" fear of naked manikin" policy, they still get 5 stars for price, 4 stars for selection, and 3 stars for quality!
4	This is a much cleaner more well kept forever 21 than the Arrowhead location.  I really like shopping here. Super nice customer service.
4	hit or miss every time i go in here. i always think i'll leave with something and never do. prices are good though. organization could be better and the quality is not that great.
1	I get it, you are at Fashion Square in Scottsdale, but you are also thee shittiest store in the mall. Don't look your customers up and down as we walk in and then nit-pick every time my daughter gets too close to one of your piles of clothes and tell her to stay away. I will drive to Arrowhead next time I need a pair of your shitty $3 leggings because there is a larger selection and nicer people. GTFO.
3	As with most Forever 21's this one is just like the rest of the one's I've ever visited. It's large in size and has it's small subcategories based on style, color or size. It's also very clean, most likely due to the lack of shoppers that come into the store.The workers don't necessarily make you feel welcome and are usually busy refolding or putting stuff away. There wasn't much of a sale section, as it was just a stock of winter type clothing (jeans, jackets, sweaters). The price is pretty much the same, but found some items highly overpriced. A sheer crop string tank top for $25? No thanks.
4	The staff was really nice and helpful. One young woman working there noticed I was trying to find my size and she came over and started helping me look. They have some really cute things. I am 23 and buy inexpensive things for myself as well as my 13 year old sister.  The only thing that sucks is that you cannot return things even with a receipt. You can only get store credit. This excludes jewelry. Jewelry is final sale.
1	They need to get their return policy straight and workers with better attitudes. I had accidentally purchased a top in the wrong size and and called about the tag being off but still having the receipt and the tag and the manager said it was fine to return even with the tag off as long as I had both when I came in. I called in advance so I wouldn't have to actually, you know, waste my time driving over there to be informed that it wasn't possible. I drove out to Fashion Square thinking it was fine and talked to one of the workers and she said she couldn't make the exchange without the tag, I told her I had spoken to someone previously on the phone and she had gotten somewhat frustrated with me because I suppose she was having a bad day. She asked another worker to explain the policy and he had confirmed what she had said, but the point was that I had contacted the manager previously and they said it was fine. The manager I spoke to wasn't there that day. I then walked out a little frustrated and called Chandler Fashion Square and they said it was totally fine and pretty much said the same thing the first manager had told me in the first place. This was all a trip I thought would had taken only a hour or so. I had to drive all the way out to Chandler Mall and they did the exchange for me, but even then I had another worker there question the worker I had spoken to who said it was okay to do so and it was a confusing transaction. The first worker I spoke to at Chandler confirmed it was okay before I browsed the store, then I had to deal with another worker after a long line with the store closing and interrogating me about the top being okay even though I had gotten the OK previously. Three hours later, I was successful with the exchange! Wow. Everyone needs to have a little meeting or something and be clear and solid on their return policy. Your customers shouldn't have to bend backwards for you. This was seriously a frustrating and ridiculous experience. It was a complete waste of my time and my gas.
2	The kind of clothes here are mostly bling bling party dresses and very few nice, everyday dressy stuff. If you like to party Paris Hilton style circa 2004 then go here. I'm more preppy and plus, my style is not teenagery like this place screams of it. Some Forever 21 locations do carry classy stuff but this is not one if them.Sales people were not friendly or helpful but I never ask them anything anyways. I guess Forever 21 in AZ all suck ass cuz the stock is all shitty stuff that was in style 5 or 10 years ago in LA. I just hate trendy crap.
