5	I love this place I have been going here for 10 years now, and oh ya I'm the first one to leave a review on here !!
5	We have been customers a Canyon Gate for about a year with no issues.  Recently I brought in a brand new shirt of my boyfriend's.  The shirt, which had never been worn before, got stained in the dry cleaning process.  Judy re-cleaned it 3 times and did get the stains out, but the shirt that was originally white was now grey.  Without hesitation Judy allowed me to make a claim.  Since the shirt was brand new I had the receipt which I included with the claim.  I was expecting to get a check in the mail and to be honest, not expecting to get the full value of the brand new shirt.  Instead, Judy's husband took the receipt to Nordstrom, where I bought the shirt, and replaced the shirt!  A+++ in service recovery!
1	I would recommend NOT using this establishment for business shirts. I am a first time customer that recently brought in 14 shirts to be laundered and pressed.  When I got home I examined the shirts and found that every shirt had a small rip/ tear on the top left sleeve.  I brought all shirts back to them and showed the owners Son all shirts.  He agreed that it was probably caused by something on the equipment. He asked that I leave a shirt so he could accurately describe the problem to his Mom when she came back later in the day. He told me she would call me. I did not receive a call back, so I stopped by on the way to work and discussed the issue. The owner said that she had never seen me before, and there was nothing she could do. She stated that there was no way to know if I brought the shirts to her in a damaged condition. She stated that if I was a " regular customer" maybe she could do something. So......I am out 14 dress shirts plus the cost of " cleaning" them.  I felt that the owner thought I was trying to run a scam on her.  Not a very good experience.  I would most definitely avoid this place of business for my business shirts. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!  I was willing to come to a reasonable resolution, but the owner offered no solution.  So I will be pursuing this matter in small claims court.
1	Just threw out yet another shirt that was damaged at this location. That makes 12 shirts so far.....
1	WARNING!!  HORRIBLE NEW OWNER!  We were customers of the previous owner for over 10  years.  The new owner is horrible.  Completely ruined a $160 dress and when I took it in to show him.. he had an attitude.  Was argumentative .. horrible customer service .. not only was my dress ruined but two shirts in the same batch were faded and they are obviously using bad cleaning product.   To ruin clothes is one thing but to be rude, and defensive about their mistakes is another. Did not get it resolved.. I am out of pocket of a new dress, and two shirts now.  I will NEVER use them again and will be surprised if they stay in service.   My advice??? Find another cleaner!  It IS NOT the same owner as before!
1	I had not used this cleaners for 3 years, in the past I was happy with their service.  I took 7 pairs of jeans to be dry cleaned and they washed them.  I was so upset because they shrunk my new slacks. When I complained to Judy, she said the label instructions said washable.  The instruction said dry clean or washable. My point is that they are a dry cleaners and if I wanted my jeans washed I could have washed the myself.  They ruined my slacks and refused to compensate me. I will never use them again.
