1	Functional Performance is a clean and well equipped physical therapy clinic in Tempe. The staff are friendly, but they are overloaded with patients and give you very little attention. The owner is pretty arrogant and is very flirtatious with some of the female clients. He barely listened to me when I came in and had me continue doing exercises that I told him were causing me pain until I ended up with a bad injury from the physical therapy. Months later I am still injured and never received so much as an apology. I would never recommend Functional Performance to anyone.
5	Functional Performance Center is a clean, large physical therapy facility. I went in for back issues that I have had for years and the physical therapist Shelley was able to help me. I have gone to chiropractors for years, but have not seen anything but immediate relief, however, with no improvement. Shelley not only taught me more about my body/muscles and how they work together, but showed me proper technique when stretching and doing certain exercises. I have also met with the other therapist Derek Steveson and he does exceptional work as well. He is certified in more than just physical therapy, and you know immediately that he has had many years in the field.  Everyone is very friendly, and the front desk assistants were very helpful in helping me schedule my next appointment. I will continue going here for physical therapy. Not only is it a good workout, but I enjoy the atmosphere and the people who help me.
5	Went in for a pulled leg muscle.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  They have a large therapy room with a lot of sports specific equipment.  They were thorough in examining my leg and even noticed my ankle hadn't healed right from a break 15 years ago.  I would highly recommend them to anyone in need of PT.
1	Shelly is a good therapist, very professional. I totally recommend her. On the other hand, Derek (who is the owner) does not take enough time to find out about his patients' condition and give them an appropriate treatment. I got a bad injury while receiving PT under his supervision, and his excuse was that he had a lot of patients at that time and that me coming to PT at that hour was not the best idea... why did they schedule me and all those other patients in the first place if the therapist can't deal with that? All I got from him was an apology and an even worse injury.
5	Functional Performance Center is an amazing place.  There is a reason their clients range from professional athletes to senior citizens... they know what they are doing.  I was physically unable to walk after my injury, and despite my doctors prognosis, I am able to run today.  Physical Therapy is NOT as easy as taking a pill.  You get out of it what you put into it.  That includes giving constant feedback to your therapist as you continue your therapy, so they can monitor your progress.  I was asked every session about my pains/progress and my tasks were always adjusted accordingly.  Without this team I would be considered handicapped today.  I have recommended the FPC to my friends, and they were also very satisfied with this business.  I will continue to recommend them to anyone of any age looking for physical therapy.  Their staff is professional, friendly, and talented.  Best place in the Valley for PT, hands down.
5	I went to the clinic to prepare for a meniscus operation...had a great experience and my recuperation was very easy and shorter because of my preparation.  I then did physical therapy with Derek Steveson and my knee has responded with skiing, hiking and tennis.  I have a tear in my other knee...and because of my program, I have not had to have the surgery.I highly recommend the good Doctor!
