5	THE NEW AND IMPROVED AFTER THE ROOF CAVED IN SAFEWAY: How can Goldie Hawn get cuter? How can Phoenix get hotter? How can Hello Kitty be appealing and collectible to a white, middle aged gay man in his 40's? How can Safeway be ANY better? Well, it is. Better feng shui. FIVE STARS YELPERS. FIVE STARS! Going grocery shopping was like totally my favorite thing to do with my mom when I was a kid. That way I got to pick out all the good cereals and snacks and then hide them from my siblings. To this day I still enjoy the market. Safeway (aka Gayway), cuz you know, we sistahs just love to shop for fresh pasta, Odwalla juices and Lucky Charms on Osborn is fantastic. Great produce, wine selection and a hunky butcher to boot. Something about a man drizzled in blood weilding a cleaver that I enjoy. Hmmm...issues! Employees are friendly and helpful. They must have secret shoppers, cuz I swear if you so much as just partially glance at one of them you get the obligatory "Hi, how are you? Are you finding everything ok? Would you like me to show you? Can I floss your teeth for you?" and on and on. But I appreciate it nonetheless. This Safeway is open til 1am which is a plus since I usually work until 10 pm or so.
2	EDIT: This used to be my favorite safeway for the reasons below. They no longer have an organics aisle, so they now fail.Original Review:This is by and far the most spectacular Safeway......EVER.An entire organics aisle? I know it sounds rather normal for some east-coasters, but this is a real luxury for an AZ native (hey, you natives out there, remember ABCO? Yeah, I probably bagged your groceries at one point). They have some rather delish selections, great deals, and, well, let me tell you about me. There are two ways to my heart (other than the whole, you know, walking on the beach and snuggling bullshit, cause that certainly has its place, too, but I'm talking about, you know, the REALLY important stuff): cookies and wine. And they have an AWESOME selection of organic cookies (they're organic, so they're good for you, duh) and a great wine aisle too.I will mention that this is how my current boyfriend won my heart: wine, cookies, and agreement that the 7th and Osborn Safeway is tops.
5	For grocery shopping in the CenPho area, it really doesn't get much better than this Safeway. Weird mood lighting aside (result of the great 2006 makeover) this store is nicely laid out and chocked full of everything you need stock your kitchen.Yes the clerks seem to lurk in every aisle waiting to ask you if you are finding everything ok. But unlike my Chatty Kathy doll from childhood, they actually do wait for you to answer after you pull the string, so to speak. Once, one poor schloop even walked me clear back to the other side of the store in search of the dreaded velveeta that my mother asked me to pick up for her (seriously have you ever tried to clean this stuff up? it molds to anything it touches and I can only imagine what it does to our insides!) but I digress...This store is so much better than the other options in the area it's almost laughable. If you go to the Fry's on Camelback on 23rd, it's a  production as putting on your Kevlar takes considerable time (the last time I went with my sister, there was a real shoot out in the parking lot, at which time she actually "hit the deck" right in to a puddle of some gross stickyness - fucking hilarious for me, not so much for her). And the Bashas on Osborn and 7th just creeps me out - don't know why but I always feel like I'm in some sort of Cryogenic waiting room.The last plus for this store is that they have a super delivery program. You can order online and one of those overly friendly clerks actually shops for you! Sign up online and they will send you coupons every six weeks or so for free delivery service. With gas prices going through the roof, let them do the driving for you!  : )
4	There are already great, extensive reviews written about this store.  I'll just echo them and say that pretty much anything you go looking for, you'll find at this store.  This one is a lot bigger than the one on 3rd Street and McDowell.  Anytime I need something a bit strange, I go to this Safeway.  I would shop there all the time, except I don't.  :)  I like to mix it up.I would be happier if they had more in the organics/natural food department.  There are a lot of things they don't carry (i.e. Amy's soups, Quorn products, etc) and for that, they lose one star.One more thing:  the employees are extremely friendly and helpful.  I'm grew up in the Midwest, and when I started shopping at Safeway, I was really unnerved by how much they talk to you ("How are you doing today?  Do you need help finding anything?").  Now I'm realizing that perhaps I was the weird, quiet one.  I can't help it.  I'm Scandinavian.
5	Oddly enough this location offers free WiFi. So if you are in the hood, and desperate for some free waves, run in and grab a drink from the in-house Starbucks (or just grab it from the parking lot).
4	This is the Good Safeway. The Evil Safeway is at 7th st and McDowell.Good Safeway:CleanEasy to find thingsWide selectionFresh produceEvil Safeway:Ghetto ass shitWilted produceLimited selectionHeroin addict park across the streetIt's been robbed during 2 shopping trips... wtf?Only 4 stars though because a lot of the bakery goods have partially hydrogenated oil. WTF Safeway? Don't make me sic Lindsay on ur ass, yo.
2	As per usual, I find reviewing big chains a bit trite. And, not unlike previous reviewers, I once loved this Safeway, itself an urban legend of cleanliness and customer service. Weelllllll......... the tide has turned. Once a spectacular bastion of people watching and friendliness in the Gayborhood has become a pit stop for all things ghetto, dirty, and angry. One of the new pharmacy staff is beyond clueless. The deli staff is completely put out by the fact you are standing there, hogging their oxygen. The pop machine by the deli is an explosion of soda water sans syrup. The poor woman working the Starbucks in the morning is always by herself (read: 10 minutes, at least, for the a.m. jolt) because her co-worker always comes in an hour late. The crusty people loitering and using the wifi look like they're just casing the joint (and/or your car). It's really too bad, to watch a spiffy place like this start its descent. While I will admit watching the undercover security staff tackle some dude for trying to steal vodka is entertaining, it's not the sort of thing I wish to encounter every time I pick up milk. Suffice it to say I have this Unsafeway only for emergencies now.... RIP.
3	I like Safeway, better than many stores in the area. Because it caters to the English Speaking American! Not having grown up in the Southwestern USA, I like that I can find brands I know and can read all the signs and locator's in the store. At this location I find the check out clerks kind.
5	So this is my spot, hands down. I spend more time in this particular building than any other building on any given week, except my house (I work from home, so no I'm not a lazy grocery store wandererer).  They have the bomb diggity Starbucks with my Starbucks peoples, they have a good deli, good meat department, great bakery, dope wine selection and just generally kick the crap out of every other grocery store I go to. I have been to some craptacular Safeway's, and they just make me love this one that much more. It's been recently remodeled, so everything's nice and clean. If you need a solid Safeway or grocery store trip in this area, this is the true gem!
2	Perhaps this store has a wider selection than the one closer to my home.  But, since I do most of my shopping @ TJ' s and the Public Market, this matters not to me.  I ventured to the Osborn St. store because the neighborhood Safeway was out of Guinness Stout.  I thought it smelled funny.  And the cashier's oddly aggressive efficiency was unnerving.  I was considering the purchase of a gossip magazine, but felt like he'd yell at me if I broke his stride.
3	I get my drugs here.
3	Try NOT to go to Safeway on Osborn near 7th Avenue after 10 pm because there is usually jusy 1 register open & there is always a line! They are obvious short-staffed there at night.  They are always friendly though, so it makes it hard to be upset with them, actually.
3	I grew up in this store. I get nostalgic just driving past it. I remember before they remodeled & expanded.This is a pretty darn good store.So why the 3 stars?They have put locks on the restroom doors. You must go to customer service & get the code. But hopefully it's not an emergency because you will probably wet yourself before someone pays attention to you standing in front of the desk.
4	Good ol' Safeway!  I really do love this store and this location.  I have tried other places like FnE or the Safeway on McDowell and I always come back to the Osborn locations.  It at times can truly be one stop shopping...from the US Bank, to the pharmacy, to getting basics.  The only thing I hate is that sometimes they dont have coverage on their lines late at night at it can take a long time to check out.But their produce cannot be beat, they have certain products that I love always in stock!
3	I have to say i avoid this store as much as i can. I have lived in this same neighborhood for 15 years,so i have had to go to this store many times over the years. They just never understand Customer service at this location.  It is very close to where i live but, i would rather drive a little further for fresh and Easy. However, i this night i thought i would just stop here for a quick shopping experience.                                                           My boyfriend was really sick and i wanted to take him some fresh Chicken soup that they make and sell here. So here i am at 6:45 at night on a weekday. One cashier is open ,yes only one in a store that size!!!   Mind you the store is packed.  The line is all the way down the frozen food isle.   There are 4 registers where you can check your self out / But, no one is there to help them( all 4 busy)..    And it is winter in molasasville. So slow. I am sorry and don't want to sound like i am above it all,but i do not have time to waste like this.                                                                         This is not a one time  experience either. This is one of the biggest reasons i hate going to this store. I have been to other Safeways around the valley that are not like this.   The one on 7th Street for instance. They never behave this way.   Sorry to say i will continue to avoid this shop!!
4	This is for the Starbucks inside Safeway.  These people are my favorite Starbucks folks.  They have my drink memorized and I"m not a daily addict either!  They are fast with service and my drink is perfect. Mysterious is great and makes you feel like family.  I also like the periodic surveys where if I do them my next tall Peppermint Mocha is on the house.  Gotta Love it.
4	I do not usually prefer to shop at Safeway, but due to the very close proximity to my house, I have frequented this one several times as of late. I am impressed, my bank and a Starbucks inside! Great deli selection, lots of beer, good produce, and very helpful staff. I tend to get lost in grocery stores very easily. I never know where the hell anything is. I mean seriously, the other day I couldn't find the eggs for the life of me. They were in a most random place, not next to the meat or the milk like most stores have it. I finally give up and ask a store employee to help, they were vary kind and didn't make fun of me when I was standing less than 5 feet from them the whole time. Silly me! For future reference for all of you.... they are on an end cape back by the bread, ACROSS from the milk. Good luck!Great store, easy to get in and out of during rush house, fast lines, they even have many self check out lanes which helps!
2	Was robbed outside at 8pm in front of the store in the parking spot closest to the doors. They took everything and bolted. Learned that this Safeway literally has no cameras outside, their camera on their front door can only capture who goes in the store, and there is no security.Thanks, Safeway.Also, they have a good bakery here, so I guess it gets two stars. Come in and have a fresh cinnamon roll after you've been robbed.
3	Always need more check outs in the morning.
5	I find myself going back to this store as they have great deals lately. Today I took advantage of their free home delivery and it was the first time I've used this service. I live close to the store but my car broke down so I thought I'd try the home delivery.  Driver was on time (they give you windows for this service). Also use their pharmacy which is good too. Highly recommend.
3	Not bad for a grocery store. It's much better than Ranch Market or Food City. Safeway is comparable to Fry's.
4	Love this grocery store, they have great parking right at the door.  I go to get a sandwich at lunch time, its quick in and quick out.  The Sandwich lady sometimes needs an attitude adjustment, but for the most part everyone is very friendly, and offer alternatives to just your regular old sandwich.
5	I like coming to this Safeway because the prices are cheaper then other grocery stores in town. I think they are cheaper then Walmart. :)  The staff is really friendly and are realy helpful too.     So,  if you are ever in Mid-Town and are looking for a grocery store to go to.  You should head over to Safeway.
3	Well let's see.. What can I say about Safeway.It's a grocery store. You can buy food and other items here. The people who work in the meat department are very friendly. The pharmacy is pretty good. That's all I got.
1	I've been to many Safeways across the west coast, but this one has the worst customer service to date. The worst treatment is in the deli and with management, who accused me of lying when I expressed dissatisfaction with their wait times in the deli (they have a promise that your sandwich will be made within two or three minutes (I forget which) or it's free... Well that's a lie, instead they call you a liar when you call them on it and ask for your free sandwich). There is one cashier who is friendly, but for the most part, other than that everyone in that store ignores you and acts like you're wasting their time.
4	Safeway to the rescue! Delivery All The way!In a time of need, I turned to the interwebs. Ok, and Yelp to guide me. I learned that Safeway delivers groceries here in Phoenix. Neat! I zipped up and down the proverbial aisles to load my online shopping cart with goodies. As I'm a penny pinching goober, I shopped their sales first. (Of course, this approach had me picking up more items than I actually needed.) Have no fear, my kitchen is *really* stocked now! With heavy things. Like soup. And porter beer. (Well, actually, no. I drank the six pack already.)I liked that they allowed you to jot notes down to your personal shopper for each item. Prior to check out you're also given the choice of what to do if the store is out of an item. A) same type of item, different brand B) same item, different size C) no substitution.  (I think I have that right.) Additionally, coupons can be applied online. Neat!The first delivery is free! Neat!Setting a delivery window is painless. My driver was exactly on time during his scheduled window. He was incredibly polite, delightfully pleasant, charming and witty, despite having carried rocks up to my second floor apartment. Tipping is not accepted, however you can call in and provide feedback via the customer service line. My only gripe with the process is there is no option to view items in a grid. Shopping could be streamlined if more items could be viewed on screen.Thanks Safeway!
5	It's a seems a little silly that I am writing a review for Safeway, but I do feel the stores are different from each other so it is probably worth while. This particular store is much better then the Bashes across the street, or the Safeway at 7th st and McDowell.  We have been downtown residents for about six years and this has always been our store of choice. The food is always fresh and staff is friendly. We buy a lot of produce and have had some issues at other nearby stores, but not this one. The food is always fresh and delicious!
1	The last four times I came in there were zero hand baskets.  Well gosh darn it they moved them.  How about a sign telling me where they are when I walk in.  Perhaps, the sign above the hand baskets telling me they moved would be better suited in the spot where the baskets were previously.   But, what the bajeezus do I know?!  Today, I went to the new hand basket spot and they were all gone.  Not a single darn tooting basket.  I guess I will buy a basket and balance it on my head like an Indian woman.  Maybe if I bring in the receipt for mt new basket Safeway will reimburse me!  Maybe they will also give me an additional .25 off my purchase everytime I use my basket.  Like those granola bags the hippies use.  Walking home with my purchase tonite my plastic bag broke.  If I had my basket this poopy thing would never happen.
1	I'm only giving 1 star cuz it's required.  Dear store manager/ Larry:  things have gone down hill in such a way I'm not gonna use that wording on Yelp. Late night as a 2 person house hold, grabbing some things for dinner, I find out "management" had the hand baskets lock up cuz they keep getting stolen. ........ YOUR SAFEWAY!!!!! I think you of all stores can handle some lose of baskets, to keep your customers/regulars/everyday shoppers happy.  The past 2 years this store is becoming the cheapest safeway I know. I will take my money across the street to "Bashes"Not so much loveRonald Rogers
4	Holding our breath to see if the AB Acquisition deal takes yet another mid-town foundation business and moves it out nearer the freeways & their junctions.  80% of our groceries and supplies purchased here.  Clean, up-to-date, diverse.
2	There are never enough cashiers at the Osborn location. Please start staffing more or cross-training better.
4	I love this store 85% of the time. Great prices, awesome hours, extremely safe, and nice employees. However, I moved here from Oregon and one time the so called "manager" was working the check out line. My Oregon ID doesn't scan...I'm very obviously over 21. Anyway, she decided to hold up the only open lane for a good 15 minutes saying she was going to call the police for me trying to use a fake id. I showed her an old university of Oregon if, three credit cards, Costco card, my personal business card...this was ridiculous to buy a bottle of wine. After 15 mins the regular late night cashier came up and told the manager "she's over 21-I promise" and she let me leave. I almost never went back....BUT they have Starbucks, awesome sandwiches, quick pharmacy, and the brands I like.
1	The Pharmacy crew that is usually there, a stocky man with very close shaven hair, and a slender woman with long brown hair with bangs are absolutely horrible.  I have to use this pharmacy because I have many prescriptions due on different days of the month and this pharmacy is the only convenient one that takes my insurance.I don't have a problem with how long it takes for them to fill my prescriptions, I have a problem with their attitude.  They're rarely friendly, most of the time short toned and distracted, even at times snappish if they can't read the prescription etc.  I have never had a problem like this anywhere else, and I don't like writing bad reviews, but the behavior of these two is really bad, has been ongoing and I've talked with others who have had the same problems with them. Like I said, I really need to go to this pharmacy, it would be difficult to change.  I have multiple health issues.  It's difficult for me to stay positive, but I do it.  I don't understand how people in the health industry who must understand how sick some of the people they are paid to help are, because we don't all look as ill as we are, can't at least but a smile on their face and be positive when they are giving us our prescriptions.  The other customers I've spoken to about these two pharmacy assistants don't have serious health concerns like I do, they still don't like being treated in such a rude manner.  Please do something about this Safeway.The lead Pharmacist who works with these two is great.  He used to work at the Safeway on Thunderbird and 7th Street, I was really happy to see that he was working here, unfortunately most of my interactions aren't with him.  He always has a smile on his face, and when I do interact with him he has an awesome attitude.
1	Absolutely sad and angry that you sell this as a ham and turkey sandwich.  1 paper thin slice of each? You get more at any fast food dollar item. This was all bread. Very Very angry and we feel taken advantage of. Tried to add a photo but no luck. You can see the dismial image on my facebook page. This is not the first time they did this.
5	Kee Kee B. Is always so friendly and helpful, I always do self checkout and she is always making sure I get the best deals and never has any problems helping me.. Thanks Kee Kee!
4	Great customer service in a diversified area.
