5	Dear Ava,I miss you. You're wonderful in every way. The dance parties, the sexy lighting, the totally reasonable drink prices, the cute and chill proprietor eye candy...I could go on.Stay awesome.Xoxo,Andrea
5	monday night jazz sessions have made the 'burg bearable!!  howie and the boys rock!!!  the guest musicians every week, some of pittsburgh's finest jazz musicians, never disappoint!!!!
4	All I have to say is, THE BILAL CONCERT WAS AWESOME . ( I just lost my voice)
3	Went to this small little lounge last Friday night with my boyfriend (because we had a groupon). When we arrived, we waited at the door to be seated but there wasn't an AVA employee in sight. Finally, we went to the bar and realized that the bartender was also the only waitress. The bar/lounge definitely lacked sophistication and was a bit grungy. We ordered the "Tortilla chips basket with guacamole". The fried beans that came with it were bland and not so pleasant. The guacamole, however, tasted fresh and was really yummy! The green salsa was also delicious. I ordered the "Breaded chicken torta" which came with a tasty chipotle sauce. The chicken patty was thin and looked slightly processed but the sandwich was decent overall. My boyfriend got the steak burrito which he loved! He stole some of my chipotle sauce because he loved it so much!The food is surprisingly better than the service or atmosphere.
4	Ava is a home-away-from-home for those that have known it from its conception. From Monday night jazz to Friday night Ready or Not (hip-hop), you will always find the following four things at Ava.1. Bartenders who know what they are doing. Though they may not brag about their skills, the bartenders at Ava are among the best in the city. Their drink mixing and their personality. 2. Music. It might be jazz, afrobeat, hiphop, rock or something you have never heard before...but you will discover and enjoy music at this venue (live or djed). 3. People. I have been to Ava at least 300 times and have yet to not either have great people watching or intriguing communication. It may be that man who lives down your street, the waitress from your favorite joint, the beautiful intelligent person you have seen from time to time, or even your next business partner4. Food made with love. Well if you come before 10pm. Fernando will cook you up something that though it may sound simple can best be described as healthy mexican comfort food. Try it for yourself.Other things you should know: Happy Hour Specials, Free Internet, Purse Hooks.
5	ALWAYS a good timeIll DJ's, dance floor and drinksLose your voice/balance.(b)
5	Best place in Pitt!  This is from an L.A. girl.  I was so fed up with the tacky shit out here then I found AVA and Shadowbox!  Awesome real music and real people.  Thanks for bringing the real back.
3	Went here for some drinks after the Restaurant Week Kickoff Party.We easily found parking in front of BRGR and walked around the corner to the bar.  When we arrived there was an area to hang up your own coat, which was nice since I didn't want to walk around with it all evening. When we went up to the bar I ordered my regular (Very Dirty Vodka Martini, yes I know its not a martini).  My drink was delivered quickly and was reasonably priced ($7).  My friend who tried to order a Cucumber Martini from the menu waited about ten minutes at which point I asked what was going on and the bartender informed us that he didn't have the right ingredients to make the drink.  She then asked for a Gin and Tonic which took another ten minutes.  At this point we were pretty frustrated, but the bartender gave her the first drink for her troubles. After that the service improved.  The crowd was manageable, but I did leave before open mic started so I can't comment on that.
5	We host our monthly networking events at AVA. We started last November and do not want to change a location! It is always a blast - at least a hundred of guests every time, nice drink prices and an awesome and helping owner and bartenders! First Thursday of every month 5:30 - 8:00 - Global Pittsburgh First Thursdays at AVA Lounge. Open to public. Come and see for yourself.
