2	Don't blame me. I was hungry, and it was there.
1	Don't waste your money or time. Had worst experience here. My order was wrong twice after waiting almost a half hour for two tacos. Then when letting manager know, he gave me attitude. I don't pay to have someone insult my intelligence and doubt anyone else would. I suggest going to Taco Bell.
1	This has to be the worst fast food establishment known to man. Okay, that's a little harsh but my experience was so awful, I will never stop by this establishment again.First off, it took a few mins to get someone on the intercom to help me take my order. Then I preceded to ask what were the indigents of one of the menu items, considering I hardly ever go there I didn't have a clue. Then there was silence, I asked the same question again a minute latter when someone was on the intercom a 2nd time. Then there was silence, only to have this punk kid come outside and point at the menu and say something to the effect of look here, can't you see what's on this. Then I made an remark about his unprofessional attitude, then he came back outside like a gang banger and asked me "What did you say" .So yeah, if Del Taco will hire an unprofessional gutter trash like this,  I won't be visiting this or any other Del Taco establishment ever again.
2	Employees are pretty friendly for the most part but there's a couple of them who need to brush up on their English. The french fries are almost ALWAYS cold and they rarely get an order correct the first time; you have to make sure they repeat the order back to you so you know if they got it and even then, sometimes it's wrong.
3	Better and cheaper than Taco Bell.  Regular tacos are only .39!  Taco Bell's are over a buck.  Plus, it tastes about the same at Taco Bell.  My kids love the nachos, which are much bigger than TBells.
3	Can't help it, I love their chicken tacos! This location is usually pretty empty, so the drive thru goes quick. I hate that their hours have changed from 24-hours, but I understand. Why stay open when you have no customers? Lol.
1	Good: Prices and convenience; which is essentially the definition of "fast food".Bad: Having been to this location at separate times throughout the years, I can honestly say that I've never had worse food from a fast food chain. I've tried just about everything on the menu, in hopes that not everything can suck. But I was wrong -- very wrong. The meat tastes like taco-meat flavored wet cardboard, the tortillas are stale, and even the chili-cheese fries taste "off".Other Thoughts: I used to work for Del-Taco in California when I was in high school, and I am saddened to think the food I loved when working there will never be available here. I've sworn off coming here since last year and haven't been back since.
4	Del taco is great for eating on a budget.  You pay a reasonable amount for the food you get and i can never finish it all.  Great place for food after a night of drinking.  Definitely thumbs up from this guy!
2	Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible. It is bad even for fast food. If you must eat here stick with their Mexican options, because everything else is gross. Even still I always prefer Taco Bell and I am not crazy about that either.
5	Spanks tbell all day. Their hot sauce is actually hot and ya can't beat the prices ;)
4	Its not the best food ever but its fast food what do you expect? They will mess up your order sometimes but its fast food what do you expect? Do you see where I'm going with this? The reason I like this Del Taco is that its great for a quick cheap meal....and they have Mr. Pibb.
5	The home is a Taco Bell I'm in Angott shit on the doubletalk over here because the other good prices and a good before with better than them thank you Dunkagle you guys rock
