5	Excellent authentic Hunan food I felt I was in China this place is awesomeI highly recommend this place if you like fresh and spicy foods this is the place for you.once you come you will be a regular customer. I had the seafood tofu soup it was wonderful.
4	This place used to be another Hunan restauran, and I heard a lot of stories about this location. So I decide to give a shot. It took me some time to find this place, as it got the current name. I was informed that the owner has changed just half a month ago. So did the chef and service persons. As today is the first day of Chinese new year, and we did not bother to get to another place. We ordered the frog, beef, fried rice and seaweed soup with bones, and the food are quite good. Maybe I will stop by again during my stay here in LV.
4	Now named Hunan Jiu Jia. No more pots on the menu but still lots of great Hunan style food here. As vegetarians, my husband and I ordered the spicy sting beans (amazing), sweet and pungent potato (meh) and the seaweed salad (solid). If you want spicy, ask for it. As a side note, both staff and other patrons commented on the fact that we (both white) were successfully using chopsticks. Guess they don't see a lot of that in here.
4	Formerly Dong Ting Spring. No more pots on the menu but still lots of great Hunan style food here. As vegetarians, my husband and I ordered the spicy sting beans (amazing), sweet and pungent potato (meh) and the seaweed salad (solid). If you want spicy, ask for it.As a side note, both staff and other patrons commented on the fact that we (both white) were successfully using chopsticks. Guess they don't see a lot of that in here.
5	The eggplant in garlic sauce is phenomenal. We just got in to vegas and this was out first stop. We also got the chicken in spicy sauce and it was amazing too. The price is very reasonable--the portions are huge!  And the staff are very friendly. You won't be sorry if you eat here.
1	Yuck. I could barely find anything on the menu that I wanted to order. The waitress was annoying and kind of offensive. When we complained that they made one of the dishes too spicy, they simply said drink more water! eat more rice! Umm... that's not what restaurants are supposed to do. I love spicy food, as does the rest of my family, but we asked for the food to be a little spicy, and this definitely was not. The dishes that the waitress recommended weren't even good. What a waste of a meal and our money! Don't choose this restaurant. There are plenty of better ones around.
5	Don't know where the bad reviews are coming from here. Just ate here again as the DH and I passed through on the way back to L.A. and, while the service is not perfect (it seems as though English is not the first language of most of the people that work here), the service staff were polite and exceptionally attentive. They came quickly to take our order, brought our food promptly, and helped us to pack up our leftovers.  We were even brought tea and watermelon before they took our order! We did have to ask for a refill on our water. but all things considered, that was minor.The food was again amazing. This time I had the string beans and spicy eggplant, and both were great, ample portions, well spiced. What more can you ask for? No, this is not Panda Express - if you want that, don't come here. But for authentic, tasty, spicy Hunan-style food, this place can't be beat. Wish they had something like it close to home.
5	Back again to my favorite chinese restaurant in Las Vegasif you like fresh and spicy food with a hometown flavoryou must try it ! I recommend the fish head and frog plateand vegetable and tofu soup all very delicious !
1	One word, "Ghettoness."  Seriously, eating here made me feel like dining out in some rural, totally undeveloped area in mainland China!  No decors, horrible service, foods not tasty at all (not even close to A-OK!)  GRRRRRRRRRR I regretted that I had eaten at such an awful place while i was in the Fabulous Las Vegas!!!  Never ever I would go back.
5	Hunan Jiu jia this place is so goodcouldnt wait to come back after new yearsdo yourself a favor and order garlic eggplantand thank me later !
5	As a native hunanese, it is alway so hard to find a decent restaurant that can make the authentic hunan cuisine. This is restaurant is the only one in vegas that makes good hunan/spicy chinese food. Of course it can not be compared to the amazing hunan restaurant in NYC or LA, but it is reasonably priced and good enough. For those of you who complained about the lousy service and the atrocious environment, you are missing out on the good food. I don't know if half of you have even been to china but chinese food is not hunan chicken or general tso chicken in some suedo chinese restaurant like PF Changs. No idea where the bad reviews came from, the food was great. Order the la mei zi yao hua, the smoked bacon, the spicy beans. They even offer to delivery to hotels when they are not busy. I really wish atlanta has a restaurant like this.
4	Very good food I don't even like Chinese & liked it there took my wife there & ended up likening the place. Nice & quit & not to expensive
1	Disappointed. ordered the recommended spicy fish head, however it's smelly.. The owner denied it ...And even got charged for the dish... Overpriced!!!
1	New owners errr! Don't even speak English !I showed her the picture and she still brought me the wrong dish !The food is not fresh like before it tastes like dog , This place has no customer service skills.I will never return !
2	Too slow. Dish tastes so so.
1	Totally disappointed. Having spending couple days in Vegas with buffet. I urged my Bf to eat this Chinese food. BUT!! the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style". we ordered three dishes but we didnot finish 1/4(we both were starving).Never come again.
5	I grew up in Hunan,  the food taste just like what I had at home. If you want the most authentic,spicy, Hunan style food, this is place. If you have never been to China or Hunan, then don't bother to waste your time here, they won't have what you looking for. They usually have a lot bones in the meat, waitress there normally do not speak much English( they won't be waitress otherwise!) The waiting time was not too bad, you know compare to Cheese cake factory, also good Chinese food probably takes much time to prepare!!
4	HOLY MOLY QUACAMOLE! If you want authentic and spicy Chinese food.. this is the place to be! It is as authentic as you can get.. and how do I know? Well.. my, not-blood sister is full Chinese and she took me here! I have to say.. spicy food is not really my thing, but it was pretty good! The service was amazing and the place is so clean. They have a huge television where they play Chinese music all day. The seating is usually typical-- family style where they have the rotating tables in the middle and they also have small seatings for small parties.Food:Cucumbers- The cucumbers were fresh and helped me keep my mouth cool when eating the spicy food!Shredded Potatoes- Yummy! The potatoes were thinly sliced and dipped in a somewhat vinegar sauce.. it was so good and one of my favorite dishes on the menu!Mapo Tofu- It comes in a bowl filled with tofu cubes and red spicy sauce that is so flavorful!Pork belly with vegetables- Not one of my favorite dishes.. the pork belly was tough and the veggies weren't as good.Whole fish- THE STAR OF THE NIGHT! It was delicious but SUPER SPICY! They put a specific type of pepper on the fish and they cook it whole with a sauce on the bottom.. although it was super spicy, I couldn't stop eating it! The fish is so soft that it melts in your mouth! Word on the street was that if you flip over the fish, it causes bad luck-- so make sure you eat the fish they way it is presented to you!I would probably not go back here unless I am with someone who speaks Chinese. It is delicious, but no one understood any English and language barrier is just hard. I wouldn't want to order anything TOO spicy for me to handle... or my toilet!
4	My family is from Hunan so I was feeling a little homesick and missed my Granma's cooking. I brought people who don't really eat spicy food so the flavor will not be in it's truest form. In China we have 4 main regional cuisines, "Xiang" is from the Hunan province. It's often confused with Sichuan cuisine which features a different style of peppers and form of spiciness. "Xiang" cuisine is spicy, fragrant pepper, hot-peppery, fresh taste with sour spicy taste, it is an immediate reaction to flavors. The spiciness practically combusts on your taste buds. Essentially speaking if you're planning to eat this, you're going to sweat!!! The only authentic dish I ordered was the Duo jiao pepper fish head, the server insisted on whole fish so it's duo jiao pepper whole fish. It's steamed and the flavors is something you can't find anywhere else. Order this dish and you will have a decent understanding in Xiang cuisine. My friends ordered the Mapo tofu which is of Sichuan cuisine so that was just mediocre. We ordered a pork and pepper dish but the spiciness level was toned down to nothing so the flavors were missing. Finally, the thinly sliced vinegar stir fry potato was pretty epic. What I would recommend is if you can't handle spicy make sure you advise the staff but they will tone it down to where you won't really grasp all the flavors the cuisine has to offer. The venue is nothing fancy, it's simple, there is a flat screen that plays KTV videos. Did I mention peppers speeds up your metabolism? Another great reason to try this style of cuisine.
4	Excellent.If you like spicy - this is the place for AUTHENTIC Hunan food!Closest to real Chinese I have tasted in Las Vegas.Some of staff has limited English, but worth it.Spicy lamb - and the eggplant are very good.
1	Food is ok -- average at best. The dishes were too dry for my taste. The owner lady try to over charge me for each dish, and when I pointed it out, she tried to play dumb like she didn't know. I've googled this restaurant online, other customers had same experiences with overcharging from this restaurant. So, "buyer beware"! Just watch your bill and check every item's price if you go. I'd go to other restaurants next time, there are so many other choices in that area.
5	I've been here a couple of times and both times have been a good experience.  I've tried their cumin lamb (excellent) and young chow fried rice (good although I wish it included another type of meat in addition to the shrimp, such as pork).  I would recommend trying some of the authentic Chinese dishes and asking the waitress or owner for recommendations.  They have lots of spicy dishes on the menu and some non-spicy as well.
5	Perfect Hunan food! The most traditional one I ever met in US!!! Really hot and spicy!!!
1	My first time here, it is really expensive, and the meat is not fresh, it taste just not a Hunan style food!!! So bad
1	I will give it a zero point if it exists. Bad food, below the average. We ordered two dishes and they tasted exactly the same!! Food is not fresh either. Don't go, seriously!
5	My wife is Chinese and she approves. I love spicy food and I had plenty of that here. I will be back!
