4	I will agree with everything Calamari F. has to say and also throw in the fact that OMG the kids on LAGUNA BEACH eat at Pasta Pomodoro!!  ;)But to reiterate, its safe, its predictable, its not that expensive and if you are near PV mall and can't venture too far it is pretty good considering the other choices within the area.  They get another star from me because the service was excellent  when I have gone there and that makes a big difference to me.  Calamari F. did point out that service has been hit or miss, but they were great the few time I have been there.  I wish I could give 3.5 stars.
3	This is definitely safe Italian food. The wine was decent, the service was mediocre, and I'll probably go back if I'm with my mom and we're shopping at PV.There's not really a whole lot more to say about this place. Though, the pesto oil they give you with bread is mighty tasty.
3	I have only been here twice and had an okay experience both times.  As one reviewer mentioned earlier, it is safe Italian food...The service is decent and the food as well.First visit - Undercooked pasta had to be sent back and "fixed"....meh!Second visit - Semi-good fettuccine alfredo with chicken...If there is a third visit, I'll need to be blown out of the water for a fourth star to be considered.  That's all I got to say about that!
4	Pasta Pomodoro is slightly above average compared to most chain Italian restaurants. It has a vibe which makes it seem like a little Italian bistro you might come across in New York City. The two times I've been there, I've ordered their tortellini soup and Cesar salad. Both were delicious.  The soup is very flavorful and the Cesar salad was great with tasty shavings of Pecorino cheese. The prices are pretty reasonable, and they have a decent amount of choices on their lunch menu.  As I was leaving, I noticed a flier outside that said on Tuesday evenings they host local Jazz musicians. I must say, in my book, a little jazz and some good Italian food is a great way to spend an evening.
