3	K - Otic.No wei!  We had to wait almost an hour for takeout food.  It's also wei expensive for a hole in the wall restaurant, dishes ranging between $8 to $14.  We got the orange chicken, shrimp egg foo young, mongolian beef, moo shu veggies and egg rolls.  For the price of the dishes I expected more....and that's mainly coming from being spoiled with family in the Chinese restaurant business that has been awarded 4 stars and charge just as much as this place if not less.No chinese veggies like baby bok choy or chinese broccoli or etc.The egg rolls were more like tiny spring rolls and came 1 per order.  It almost tasted like there was nutmeg in it and while it wasn't grease filled, I wish it had been filled with something a little more.The orange chicken was by far the best dish.  Big juicy pieces of chicken, tangy sweet sauce...yum.The egg foo young was pretty decent.  Tons of sauce, so at least it wasn't dry.The mongolian beef was almost tasteless and not very spicey.  Tons more onions than pieces of beef.The moo shu veggies were nothing to scream about and if it weren't for the hoisin sauce, I probably would have pushed it to the side.On top of it all, when the food was ready to be picked up, no one knew where the order had gone or what had been ordered.  Three different people asked and finally after 10 minutes, the order was found and paid for.So the only reason why I gave the three stars is because overall the food was decent.  I've had WAY worse Chinese food.  I'm hoping all the chaos was due to a new opening.However, mark my words:  if I try this place again and it's just as unorganized and frustrating, I will take my stars and go home!The upside is that lunch seems to be reasonably priced, maybe that's what I should wean myself into.Oh...and no liquor license yet....but I gather that's the city of Surprise's fault as I heard the same thing from other businesses.
1	This was undoubtedly one of the worst dining experiences I have encountered in quite some time.  I'm not sure which was worse, the service or the food.  We ordered egg foo yung, hot and sour soup, and mongolian beef, and everything was tasteless.  On top of that, the presentation was very bad.  The egg foo yung was three tiny silver dollar-sized omelets covered in brown gravy and a very unappetizing looking display of pork slices.  I could not eat it.  The hot and sour soup was very bad, and the mongolian beef was barely passable.  Our server was completely disinterested in giving us any kind of service, and simply rushed us at our table.  I had to ask for everything... noodles for our soup (a small amount was offered to me for which they charged me), hot mustard, water, everything.   When I mentioned our dissatisfaction upon leaving, they didn't even seem to care.Go somewhere else.  This place is terrible.  If you want really good Chinese food in the Surprise area, go to Big Buddha near the corner of 303 and Greenway.  Excellent food and friendly service from people who seem to care.We know good food when we eat it, and this was anything but good.  If Golden Wei were the only Chinese restaurant in the entire state, I still wouldn't go back there.  The other couple that was with us felt the same way as well.
4	Overall good Chinese americanized restaurant.  I like their tofu with vegetables dish.  Their hot & sour soup is nice too.  My mom enjoyed their orange beef & thought it was delicious.  It looked good.
3	I stopped in for take out last night and what a surprise. I checked out some of the bad reviews here a few months ago and just figured that I would stay away from this joint. As it was , I stopped in because my family needed food that wasn't pizza and this place was just down the street (any port in a storm). The food came so quickly, I thought for a moment that this was going to be some kind of microwave prepped dish.  It was standard Chinese fare but far better than what I've been reading here.  I'll stop in again.
2	Smelled horrible in this place.There was a cook or waiter sleeping on one of the booths.Food was solid but nothing special.
3	Decent food at a fair price.  The hot and sour soup is really good.  Their egg rolls are HORRIBLE though.  The service is so-so and a little slow.  It's average as far as strip mall Chinese restaurants go.
1	Save your time, money, and happy state of mind.  Otherwise all will be compromise with a meal here.  I'll admit being from the bay area and accustomed to excellent Chinese (well all Asian food for that matter) restaurants that I have innumerable great experiences to compare this to.   It's over priced to add insult to this mediocre fare.
4	Friendly serviceGreat foodGolden chicken is wonderful
3	I was at The hardware store when the daughter asked to pick up some lunch. Well the Golden Wei was just a few doors down. Originally from Long Beach Ca. The Golden Wei is just an basic Chinese food joint. Nothing really special, we ordered the orange chicken, Mongolian beef, white rice, and noodles. I thought the orange chicken was really good, the noodles was OK. Daughter thought the beef was pretty good. Listen, if we wanted really good take out! We will go to the local Pei Wei! The Golden Wei is not that bad! But it's not great either!!
2	Mediocre food & terrible service.  Got 2 stars cuz they offer lunch specials 7 days per week & innovative dinner specials which are modeled after the lunch specials.
4	Golden Wei knows Chinese food.  I think their location doesn't serve them well because the area is very quiet but they serve authentic Chinese food and not the Americanized version.  I called in for a Take-out order and it was ready before I could get there.  If your palate tends to crave the dollar menu you most likely would not appreciate the true cultural flavors.  However this is the best Chinese food in Surprise and they need support. You will have good food and they stay in business.  It gives you a taste of China without packing your bags for the flight.  (And yes, I've had dinner in China.)  Enjoy.
4	Food was good. Clean, nice. Great lunch specials.
4	The food was good - like I remembered Chinese food to be... Before I became so used to American Chinese. The lunch special was filling, the service was good & the place was clean, even the bathrooms. I would eat there again.
4	Good food. Pleasant staff.  Love their golden chicken.
1	Food was horrible! Bland beef lo mein and nasty dry fried rice. I was the only one in the whole place and still waited like 10 mins to be acknowledged because the 2 women felt the need to continue their conversation. Never going back!
4	My boyfriend and I have been here numerous times and have yet to be disappointed. I always get the teriyaki chicken which is great every time. The sauce has a wonderful flavor to it. They have really awesome lunch prices.
1	Ordered for delivery, bill was $10 more than what I ordered. When I asked the driver why it was $ 24 when I ordered 2 $6 lunch specials? The driver told me "because of gas"! Ummm no! You go now, I buy your food no more! Then the owner called and wanted to yell at me. Great customer service!
4	First time this place opened, it was disappointing. The food was good but each order of dinner entree were only enough for 2 people whereas other places like Good China and Big Buddha make theirs good for 3-4 people. Went there a couple of times and never came back. Until...Recently, I have ordered off of their lunch menu. It didn't disappoint this time. My orders where the shrimp in lobster sauce, rock cod fillets with black bean sauce and orange flavored beef. I did that several times with different variations and I was satisfied. I also went ahead and ordered several dinner items, such as the salt and pepper  rock cod fillets and sesame chicken. No complaints. I also have to agree with another "Yelper" who complained of not having a variety of vegetable entrees like bok choy. Recommended.
4	Stopped in for lunch after pedis next door at Estrella. Place was empty and we were promptly met and told to have a seat, while our server took drink orders and gave us our menus. Lunch special of the BBQ Pork Chow Fun was so good! Came with the best egg drop soup I've ever had. My daughter had Orange Chicken and rice and it was ok- not bad, just ok. We'll be back for sure!
4	This place was a pleasant surprise in Surprise! I had been to a few Chinese joints and was scared by reviews of other places. I wanted a good Chinese restraunt that offered delivery. The food was delivered promptly and very fresh and delicious.The sauces were not too salty,oily,sweet or too spicy. I ordered full dinners for 4 people soup,appetizers,fried rice and main entree. A small inconvenient fact is they forgot my small steamed rice I ordered for my Daughter but I made her something at home instead.I found my new place within a reasonable price range,so no more long drives to Glendale .Trust me, coming from a picky eater this says a lot.
