4	"Be cool, eat a Rita's."  Rita's Italian Ice sells a variety of cool treats, from Italian Ices to Gelatis to Slenderitas and more, there's something (and a flavor) for everyone.  It always tastes good, but especially so on a hot day.  After trying several different flavors of ices, I've found that my favorite is the Wild Black Cherry.  I love how most of the ices have little bits of fruit in them!!! :D  And don't forget to get your Italian Ice Club card stamped!  Get one free regular Italian Ice when you buy 10!
5	I absolutely love Rita's.  I go there way more than I should.  I love how it's like an outdoor stand.  I often stop there on the way back from my bike rides.  Large gelati is my usual.  Sometimes it is crowded on nice days in the evenings, but it's worth the short wait.  The italian ice is sooooo good, made from REAL fruit that you can often taste mixed in.  And the ice cream just tops it off, how can you argue with that?
5	Yum - Rita's is italian ice with "custard" soft serve in it.  The italian ice comes in dozens of flavors and the fruit ones often have real chunks of fruit in them.I'm a big fan of chocolate custard with black cherry ice.  The vanilla custard goes well with a citrus or fruity ice.  I think the cream ices are an abomination, but that's just personal taste.There are also many many Rita's locations, aside from this one on Forbes
5	I thought I would never find an ice cream treat I enjoy more than Graeter's back home in Ohio, but I recently discovered Rita's and I think it has eclipsed Graeter's (at least for the time being) as my ice cream obsession. I go here at least once, twice a week.  I have earned two free Rita's treats in the last two months using their club card.  There is just something about the Gelati; the combination of the citrusy, tangy italian ice with the sumptious and rich vanilla custard that keeps me coming back.  I crave it.  It's incredible.  My favorite is Wild Black Cherry and Vanilla custard.  Try it!Don't try:  The Slenderita.  Just don't do it.  Don't half-ass your trip to Rita's...save up your calories if you have to   ;-)
4	We don't have anything quite like this in the city of Angels, so I was pleasantly surprised to try their lemonade and green apple ice. Think of an icee, but like the cadillac of Icees, it's a satiny smooth concoction, heaven on a hot day. the lemonade was not overly tangy and had real pieces of lemon peel, the green aple was a tad sweeter than I would have liked. I tried my friend's 'Gelati" a mix of lemonade and passionfruit flavors topped off ith a swirl of Vanilla custard.  Now what makes custard, custard you ask?  Well I don't really know  except that it's denser and creamier than soft serve ice cream or yoogurt. Extra Egg yolk perhaps,alls I knows: it's damn delish!
5	Trust the long lines, this place is great! Awesome water ice and friendly staff. Love the Mango and new Swedish Fish flavors!
4	As much as I miss my local DQ, TCBY's, and Gelato da Vinci in North Indy, I love the gelati @ Rita's. Try the Swedish fish flavor or mango with vanilla custard. It's so wonderful. Cannot wait till the warmer months when I'll be able to treat myself more down the street at this outdoor stand.
5	NOTHING beats Rita's on a hot summer day. Great Italian ice, and a Pittsburgh classic. Love it!
4	Ever since Bruester's over on Beechwood Boulevard closed, my husband Rick and I have been looking for a good place to get cool treats on a summer's eve.  Bruester's was great 'cos we could get a nice long walk in before and after eating yummy caloricious and carbalicious goodies.  Besides, sometimes a gal needs a nice long evening stroll with her hubby.Well unfortunately for us, we haven't found a new place to get that nice stroll in, but we did find a good spot right around the corner from us.  Rita's has been here awhile now, but we just hadn't gotten around to coming here.  Rita's is best known for their Italian Ice.  Now I know that most Italian Ices are fruit flavored, so I decided to try something a little different.  Their vanilla Italian Ice is s-o-o-o yummy!  But as anyone who knows me can tell you, I have unusual tastes.They also have "cream ice" here.  Now what exactly differentiates "cream ice" from "ice cream", I don't know.  Some of their other concoctions here include Mistos (a blend of Italian Ice and frozen custard), Gelati (Italian Ice and soft-serve custard), Rittacino (a cappucino blend of coffe, Italian Ice and soft-serve custard), and more!  I'm definitely coming back here to try all of these.  Which means of course I'm gonna have to hit Curves and the bike trails more often too!  Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!
5	I love, love, love soft serve ice cream but I'd never eaten a frozen custard before. I'm not sure custard will ever replace ice cream in my personal pantheon, but I am definitely going to be a repeat customer at Rita's.My wife and I tried an italian ice and a vanilla custard with sprinkles. Both were great but the custard was too rich on its own.I can't say enough good things about the italian ice. It was smooth and not too sweet--just perfect. The portions were very generous.Next time I am going to get a gelati--cherry ice, and vanilla custard. I saw someone order that and it was just gorgeous.
5	in my kid's size blueberry gelati, i literally counted 10 frozen blueberries in my ice! SO WONDERFULLL. the custard is just right for the ice, as regular soft serve ice cream would be too watery. seriously. mix the two together, you get 1. another one of their menu items, or 2. nirvana.what makes this particular location even more awesome is that i just received a BOGO COUPON for this location! for a product with such an inelastic demand, i was pleasantly surprised.
3	Its definately good stuff but if im going to wait in line for 20 minutes, ill go around the corner to Razzy Fresh.
4	I'm from Alaska, a state that consumes the most ice cream per capita, so I'm a huge fan but what I hate most about frozen treats is the high fat content.  This is where Rita's frozen fruit ices come to the rescue--they're completely fat free and all you need is the kiddie size for a perfect, light, refreshing treat on a hot day without worrying about packing on the pounds or feeling guilty and gross afterward.  There are two choices, mango and cherry.  The mango is beyond amazing and the cherry is about what you'd expect, nothing phenomenal but not bad either, though it does contain actual real chunks of cherries as an added bonus.So the next time you're taking a stroll through Squirrel Hill stop by Rita's, and instead of ordering a large double-decker fat-filled and sugar-loaded treat, order a small fruit ice and savor the rich flavor in small bites without the guilt.
5	I have many fond memories of summer evening gelatis!! The combination of Italian ice and frozen custard is just heavenly. A nice tip - they often do half-price or discounted treats on rainy or cool days. Yum!
3	Rita's serves up a pretty good custard (although, it seems like it was better five or six years ago than it is now) and has generally friendly service.  The line can sometimes grow extremely long, and waits of over 20 minutes are fairly common during peak hours in the summer.  The prices are a bit above what they seem like they should be, but there also aren't many places in Pittsburgh to get custard.  Rita's also is only open for about half the year, and it always seems like I'm into custard in the winter and, therefore, out of luck.I wish I had more to say about Rita's or that I could praise it in some significant way.  Unfortunately, I think it's gone downhill in the past half decade, and at this point, I'm happier heading to one of the growing population of fancy frozen yogurt shops and ignoring Rita's altogether.
4	There's nothing like a cool treat on a hot day when you're feeling all jet-laggy!  M-m-m-m-m-m...mint chocolate chip Italian ice!
5	I used to walk past Rita's and say to myself, "Italian Ice?? What is this, some sort of glorified snow cone?" You know what I'm talking about, those iceballs you used to get at the public pool as a kid with some crappy flavor poured on top and after a few sweet licks at the beginning you end up just eating a ball of plain ice. So with this image in mind I continued to walk past Rita's without even a glance until a sweltering afternoon a month or so ago. It was hot, muggy, sweat pouring down my face, and with no drink in hand coupled with vicious dry mouth I stopped at Rita's. Ive come to find Italian Ice is nothing like a snow cone. It is so delicious in fact that I pretty much stop by ever other day. Give me that mango, give me that Florida Orange, hit me up with the Island Surprise (or something like that), pretty much everything here is awesome and I'm so pissed at myself for being ignorant and not trying this sooner.
3	Rita's is good, but not great. I'd rather go to razzy fresh.
5	WOW! Please come to California!
4	I have a major sweet tooth....but ice cream/frozen yogurt is not really my thing. But I had a craving for sweets and the only place nearby/open was Rita's, so I stopped by and picked up a gelati with vanilla frozen custard and mango italian ice. It was pretty damn delicious. I wouldn't get this on regular basis, but I'm sure I will be visiting in the future.
4	So I know this is a chain but I had never heard of it before this trip. Anyway, my aunty raved about it while we were visiting her in DC but we weren't able to get to one there. Luckily, came across this one while I was using the public library up the street. We couldn't pass it up, despite the 50 degree weather that day.I usually wouldn't write reviews for places like this but the guy that helped us was so sweet, I thought he deserved a shoutout. There's no seating; it's just a window where you order your ice and then you're on your own.Basically, you should look at the italian ice and the frozen custard. They have two options that mix the two: gelati has custard layered over ice over custard over ice and the misto has custard and ice blended together. They had several flavors of ice (I got strawberry starburst and my dad got keylime--both of which were super yum) and the vanilla custard. To be honest, I probably could have passed on the custard; it tasted like the buttercream frosting on birthday cakes. The italian ice was really really good though.They also have milkshakes and blendinis and frozen lemonade but I'd recommend the italian ice or the gelati if you've never been here.Parking for this specific location is all metered on the street.. so good luck! The guy is so nice though, it's worth a try! And if you don't know what flavor you want to get, ask for a sample!
4	Gelati is the perfect summer treat. I've had variations of this in ice cream shops, but to have it in these flavors and with Italian ice and frozen custard was really satisfying. The mango Italian ice is the shiznats, and the vanilla frozen custard provided a nice, creamy contrast to the sweetness. I'm used to having this with soft-serve, so the super rich, thick custard kind of caught me off guard by the time I was done. Like I was actually full, so come hungry.Also, I love that it is pretty much an outdoor stand where you just order through the window and eat outside. Reminds me of old school neighborhood ice cream shoppes.
4	Can't beat the taste, price and variety of flavors!
5	I had a frozen custard twist.  It had the most wonderful, smooth texture and mouthfeel !  Absolutely amazing!I will return!
4	I love Rita's! I mean, this Rita's is no different from other locations and it usually has less selection than the one in Oakland but it's convenient so I tend to hit this one more often. Also, the people that work here tend to be friendly and always offer free samples if you want to try anything, so that's always a plus in my book.If you are lucky enough to hit this place on a day that they are serving oreo cream ice, you should definitely try it! Other favorites are gelatis with mango ice and vanilla custard or pear ice with strawberry custard!
5	This is a nostalgic review.  I miss standing in line on a hot day and getting a Gelati at Rita's Italian Ice in Sq. hill.  Sometimes the line could be long but it was always worth the wait. Imagine owning a business like this, as long as you have product, you would make everyone happy!  My most fav was the mango vanilla combo.  I wish they had them here in Portland.  Love this place.
5	I'd never had Rita's before, but I'm definitely a fan! I decided to find my inner child and try the Swedish Fish ice, and it was definitely a good choice. I wish they had more flavors to choose from at any given time. The prices are good for what you get too because they really pack it in the cup!
