4	Rock and Brew was very enjoyable. Plenty of beer to choose from with a great scenery and music. The crowd was in control and it did not get rowdy. The price was negotiable for all you can drink and the food was pricey but worth every bite after consuming so much beer.
5	A great night out with my girlfriends. They had lots of great beer, some of which I had never even heard of. The music was amazing, not to mention the band members were cute. I was dancing off all my calories when dj mike uriate was playing.
5	I was in town staying at Hard Rock, and the concierge recommended that I attend this event. I am so glad that I did. I will be back for the next one, I heard they are going to be bringing even more beers. I am not even a beer person, but I found myself drinking Ballast Point Beers. I also really enjoyed the Joseph James spiked root beer. While enjoying the large variety of beers I also enjoyed listening to the local bands and music played by the DJs. It looked like everyone was having a great time. Can't wait for the next Rock & Brew.
1	This is by far the least fun of the beer festivals in Las Vegas. Its more of a college kid event---an immature one at that. Most beer festivals in Las Vegas involve sampling, good music, and good. This event has some of those qualities. The local beers are worth trying, but outside it really becomes you Macro "micros" like products that AB-InBev have the rights too. Space is very hard to even get to drink the beers. The last event was at a Pool at the Hardrock and it was extremely hard to move around when trying to sample. You could not stand in one location long enough because there quite simply was not enough room.The food was very good, nothing special except that it was perfect barfood to mix with beer. Little expensive, but that comes with strip prices.The music was awful. Reggae, DJ with heavy bass, and emo. When a rave is stopping you from getting a beer then there might be some issues with the way the festival was set up. It simply looked like a drunken frat party with backwards hatted "Bros" doing keg stands to a bad Sublime cover. Don't pay for these tickets outright, go for them are Living Social or Groupon. The full price of admission is far from worth it.
