4	We stopped in here on a hot summer afternoon, grumpy because we had been on a wild goose chase for mint. Couldn't find it anywhere, like Fry's, Basha's, or TJ's, even in those teeny tiny overpriced little packages. They have it here in big bunches for something ridiculous like 59 cents. Since we had friends coming over for mojitos, this made me happy! It's just about mojito season again, so I'll be headed back to this location. The produce section was large and had some good-looking stuff in it. The location isn't really too scary.
4	Good for student budget, specially if you are looking fruit and vegetables (and don't mind them not being organic). It is like a piece of Mexico and they have plenty of good and missed treats! From Marinela to Tia Rosa this is the place to get a variety of chiles and green tomatillo. All the salsas and the most delicious cheese...OXACA! If you like Mexican food this is a good start! they even have some employee that understands English!
4	Truly a traditional hispanic store with music, food and spices and the traditional non-chalant additutde of pacientce in everything. Great prices limited selection.
5	In this economic climate, my hat (or sombrero?) goes off to Food City for keeping the prices better than anywhere else. Better than Walmart and Fry's. I go here for vegetables mostly. You can get 4 lbs of bananas for $1. I get 4-5 lbs and have a banana for breakfast each day. A head of lettuce is ridiculously priced at 50 cents. I get two and a $1 bag of pre-peeled carrots and have myself good-sized salads for a week. They sell the cheapest paper towels for .54 each. They carry Tina's Burritos at .30 each. Fry's doesn't. They have $1 crab. Just don't buy the packaged deli meats. Those are overpriced. It's clean. All employees speak English. Contrary to what people believe, they do carry white man's food, like pasta and potatoes. Somebody said the neighborhood didn't look too scary and of course, it's not scary. I live in the neighborhood and it looks poor but it's completely safe.
5	Wanted to explain further about the prices. I go on Friday always after getting paid so I don't know if the prices shift over the week. Anyways - Cucumbers - 10 for $1Potatoes - .59 / lbCabbage - 3 heads for $1 Bell pepper - .79Navel oranges - 7lb for $1Suggestion: Go to the freezer aisle. Tina's burritos now come in a six pack for $2. You save .40 by getting the bulk package. I recommend getting three packs for 2 week groceries. Our bill for 2 weeks for 2 adults comes to around $60-70.
1	Prices weren't low on half that items that I saw. I picked up a block of cheese and it felt like jello, I assume it felt that way because it had been left out in the heat for a while.
5	I decided today to sit down and write some reviews for the stores and companies I really like and feel do an excellent job!Food City was the second one.  I live across the street from this store and I feel very lucky to have such a great store nearby.  The prices are fantastic, and the produce is really excellent.  I like the range of quality and I can leave there with a good sized bag for a few dollars.  I cook alot and having such a great selection at an affordable price has made all the difference in the last year in this difficult economy. I also wanted to say that the people in the store are another reason I love to shop here.  It is not a fancy place but I have learned this in life, that what matters most is what your character is like, not the fancy clothes you wear or the car your drive.  The customers are friendly and so are the staff.  If I had a million dollars, I would continue to shop here because friendly people and good food at great prices is really all I am after.  And the 20 pound sacks of Blue Bird flour at a decent price !  heaven.Thanks Food City !
3	I personnally would never buy groceries here the vegetables and fruit always seem to be on the verge of going bad the quality is not good but i get it its a low income supermarket specializing in Mexican foods....i did find myself here for the food counter...homemade salsas, chocolate tres leche to die for amongst a host of sinful baked good, i love the tacos as well.
