5	I have been to this small little gem for a while. Being a Chinese, I am very picky about my food. I have eaten quite a few Dim Sums around Edinburgh and this is by far the best Dim Sum restaurant in Edinburgh. The Dim Sums are made fresh everyday. The place is small and only has about 8 tables but I guess you do have the personal attention. The menu of the Dim Sum is not extensive, but the quality of each Dim Sum is superb. I suppose they are aiming for the 'make a few but make it really good' concept. There is only one chef and a waitress and the waitress is really friendly and willing to help you with the choice of your Dim Sum. The speed of the food that comes out of the kitchen is really fast as well once you place your order so you don't have to wait long. I hope more people learn about this place as the location is horrendous as it out of the main road. All I can say is you will never regret a visit to this place for food.
5	Stack Dim Sum Ah..mazing. Fan..fn..tastick ..I have not eaten such a good meal in so long. I cannot name all the dim-sums and soups I had but I was really impressed with the taste! They have a tablet with all the meals on it (as well as the normal menu) which is a nice touch. Their sambal is homemade and refreshing (whilst still carrying  a lot of heat. The majority of the food presented is home made and you can certainly taste that.I would recommend to go with 3 or more people as there is so much you want to try and it is a shame that you then have to limit your choices. We were with 5. We had Dim-sums, springrolls, chicken feet, pork belly, squid, beef broth and much more. They are busy most days and I recommend going earlier in the evening to avoid the crowd or call to see if they ave space. - bookings are possible.My favourite Leith Dim-Sum place!
3	I tried Stack's dim sum tonight with some friends. Overall, the experience was decent: the service was good, the food came quickly and the prices were more than fair. As far as authenticity is concerned, Stack remains quite faithful to tradition: all of the familiar favorites are present on the menu.That said, if you've experienced real dim sum in Asia or in the US before, Stack just doesn't quite cut it. The flavors, textures and freshness just aren't comparable to that of genuinely good dim sum. On the other hand, we are in Edinburgh, and I therefore think that Stack deserves a lot of credit for simply existing. If it were in New York, California or Hong Kong, Stack would deserve a couple of stars at best. However, since it's one of the only (and possibly the best) dim sum joints in town, it gets the extra star.
5	I love Stack Dim Sum! This small place just off Leith Walk serves absolutely delicious food and it's a great place to go with a group of friends, order a few things from the menu and share. You get a bit of everything to try. The menu has so many tasty things that it can be difficult to choose initially.. So far I have sampled various dumplings, char sui bun, slow braised chicken claws (yes they are delicious and again the collagen factor is one the benefits of eating this delicacy), tender braised pork pot rice, slow braised beef in with noodles in a broth. All home made and yummy. One of my favourites is the braised pork pot rice - it is just comfort food in a bowl. Also the beef noodle soup has really good flavours. They do a nice home made spicy chilli paste which goes well with most of the dishes. Go and try for yourself, you won't be disappointed.
4	Initially the only customers on Sunday afternoon, we'd heard good things about Stack so anticipation was high. We ordered 2 dim sum each (4 of us), so had a decent selection of the menu to try - including the chicken claws which were really only ordered out of curiousity and whilst not disgusting, I probably wouldn't order again (you spend more time picking bones out your mouth than eating the claw). The menu suggests ordering 2 dim sum each and a rice/noodle dish - I had the rice broth with marinated pork and 'thousand year' egg, which was fairly bland and the egg was cut up so the experience of eating the unappetising looking preserved egg was lost somewhat. It wasn't bad, and would definitely make good comfort food, like a rice porridge, but nothing exciting. The other 3 went to order 3 noodle dishes but the waitress advised that this was a bit much (despite the advice on the menu), so we got 2, and she was right - these were big portions.I've given Stack 4 stars, despite my apparently negative review because it was good. The dim sum were tasty and perfect for sharing. The tablet with photos of the dishes in addition to the printed menu was great too. And prices are reasonable. We'll be back, but possibly won't order chicken claws or rice broth again!
4	I don't know much about dim sum, but what I do know from the one restaurant in San Francisco and then Stack Dim Sum on Dalmeny Street, Edinburgh, I know I like it.With the tapas style of eating (order lots of small plates and share with everyone, so you all get to eat ALL THE THINGS) it suits my inquisitive taste buds perfectly. The only thing I didn't want to eat on the menu was chicken claws (although, according to Anita A these are great for your skin with all the collagen...) so instead we had to share amongst four folk: char sui pork buns; the pork and the prawn rice buns; mini ribs; beef won ton; duck spring roll; vietnamese spring roll; lots of other things.The wee pork ribs were a bit too wee for me, but the beef won tons, duck spring rolls and vietnamese spring rolls were all little deep fried parcels of joy. Ample stuffing, and all very flavourful.The food comes out very quickly, piping hot, and in an hour we had all tucked in and contented ourselves with many dim sum delights.I would say dim sum isn't my favourite type of cuisine generally, so I won't come back here regularly for that reason. But if I do want dim sum, this is where I'll come. THe restaurant itself feels like one of those hidden gems you'd find in a 'China Town' district of a city; except that Edinburgh doesn't have a China Town. It's not fancy in decor, but it's traditional in cooking and the staff are friendly. A cool 'in the know' place for good eats. Num num dim sum!
5	Went here for the first time on Friday for lunch as myself and my dining companion were after something cheap, quick and not too filling. Having heard good things about this place, we felt it was worth a try. And it really really was.The service was quick and friendly, the atmosphere cosy and comfortable, the char sui bun and pot stickers were among the best I've ever tasted. 5 plates between us and not a bad one among them, this was definitely the first of many visits to Stack!
5	New Menu new review. They have seriously shortened the menu and but the favourites on there. They added some new ones and I am a happy Jungleboy. The pork belly dishes are second to none. The dim-sum Sai-Bau is my new favourite - the pastry casing is see through and the filling so delicate and flavoursome. As usual we get a lot of choice and stacks of flavour. Thank you Joyce and their kitchen team for making sure I get my dim sum rocks off!
2	I wish I could love this place as much as everyone else... but it's just not there... I've had plenty of dim dim in my life and maybe the availability of Asian food in Auckland has spoiled me, or even just better dim sim places in London... but my dining experience as Stack was just... bland....The food itself was alright... but nothing I can't buy for cheaper from the Asian supermarkets and make myself at home... The sticky rice from the A.S is actually much better than the ones at Stack... The menu/selection isn't great.. and I had quite a large selection of the options... but nothing was overly stand-out...There was no condiments to go with my dim sims...  The service, considering there was 3 tables while we were there, was pretty slow and I physically had to get up to get the attention of the waitress to order more food...I was excited that there was a dim sim restaurant in Edinburgh.. but I won't be hurrying back to Stack... There is apparently one other place in town that offers dim sim... so I shall try there next time...
4	It may not look like much, but Stack is full of surprises. There's a good range of dim sum - fried and steamed - all cooked and served perfectly. As well as the standard fare, there are plenty of more unusual options like chicken claws and congee. The flavours are big without being salty and none of the dishes were particularly greasy.The asparagus and salmon dumplings were a bit of a highlight and I'm a sucker for squid cakes ("smashed" squid, if you believe the menu) and these flash-fried little packages of loveliness are a delight.The obvious comparison is with Chop Chop, and I'm certainly not saying Stack's food is better (extensive and repeated research of both restaurants would be necessary before I committed like that). In terms of service though, Stack wins hands down. And, unless you're going for the banquet at Chop Chop (which I always find to be TOO MUCH PRESSURE) Stack's certainly better value.
4	Tasty dim sum and it's local!  Been wanting to try this place out for age, since seeing all the hype on here about it.  It's a small restaurant with a basic but dated interior however the steamed dim sum were good.  Wasn't overly keen on the buns although the noodles and rice were lovely and all washed down with a bottle of beer. The service isn't overly friendly and it's almost a little cold, but they do have a interactive tablet menu along with the regular paper menu to show you what the dishes look like.  I thought that was pretty helpful for any dim sum newbies. The dishes came out one by one and at different times, so it's a bit like tapas, we just shared the dishes, enabling us the try a little bit of everything.  Now I'm no dim sum connoisseur but I've been to an amazing dim sum almost fast food restaurant in China Town, New York but the portions and style of dumplings were a little different to our wee Leith establishment.  Not what I was used to.  I was expecting bigger dumplings, with more juices and bite.  All in all, this place is still good but I'm yet to find a dumpling that will match the NY dumpling house!
4	We love Dim Sum! And this place did not disappoint!  We got the red bean trio, the duck spring rolls, and the salmon & shrimp & asparagus dumplings! SO DELICIOUS!  We could have eaten 4 plates of those duck spring rolls!  The menu suggested getting three small plates and one large to share between two. OR 6 small plates. WE opted for the first idea. It was all delicious! We can't wait to go back again!
