4	Scaleybark is the last northbound station on the Lynx line where there is a "Park and Ride" lot. Very large! The lot tends to get busier during big events in Uptown and today was no exception with a Panthers game (they beat Tampa Bay, woo!). Lots of silver and blue and black jerseys!The station sits in the middle of South Boulevard, so you have to cross the street from the parking lot. There are crosswalks and lights, so it's not like this is a real challenge. But as my fellow reviewer points out, people still manage to get hit by cars every so often. I'm sure those folks weren't Yelpers, so I don't know why I even mention it!The gigantic dishes, well, I can't explain them. The Wikipedia entry tries but like so much art, I just don't get it. Tax dollars, hard at work.Automated ticket vending machines on each platform. At the moment, it's $1.75 each way or you can buy your $3.50 round trip ticket. LYNX does have fare inspectors and they take fare evasion seriously in this town, so you'll want to make sure you buy your ticket before boarding.
5	Nice big parking lot for a park and ride intown for work or play. No people wondering around so always feel safe and secure. Always enjoy the kids skate boarding and trying out new tricks on my way home.
3	$20 cab ride to uptown or a couple bucks to light rail it? No brainer.I live a little over a mile from this station. They have a huge park and ride lot. It is my car's second home. It's actually there right now as I type this at home. It seems like a safe place. Haven't had any problems yet.This station is in the middle of busy South Blvd. Kind of awkward. Be super careful when crossing the street from the park and ride to the station.I did encounter my first problems at this station last night. It wouldn't let me purchase tickets because it was out of paper. Fail. What do you do in this situation? Leave. Get on the train illegally and face a possible $50 ticket? I'm not going to say what I did...It's absolutely amazing to look at what the Light Rail has done for South Blvd. Apartments, the new Publix and all kinds of development now run along the line. Can't wait to see the same thing happen in the future on the city's north side.
4	Woot Woot!  Scaleybark station is the place to be... or just park at when you are taking the train into downtown Charlotte.  It's the last official Park & Ride station you can park at (closest) to downtown and it really is about a 15 min train ride to get you in the middle of everything.The station itself boasts ~330 parking spaces and there is a nice electronic sign that keeps track of how many spaces are available.  I believe they have added temporary lighting to the parking lot and is relatively safe, just be aware of your surroundings when going home at night.  I would imagine there is pretty good survellanice of the park and ride lot as well.Once you park and get your car situated, its a short hike to the station where you can purchase tickets and hop on with no problems.  There is a traffic signal that will stop traffic on South Blvd so you can cross safely, but allow ample time so you don't end up running "crazy" into traffic so you can catch a train in.
