3	This place is located on the corner of MLK & S College St. (If you know how to get to Johnny Burrito is, then its 50 ft away)- This place is owned by Compass Group:Eurest Dining -  serves cafes, Chartwells - serves schools, universities, prisonsAu Bon PainOuttakes Morrison serves hospitals etcok ok.. enough of the history lesson.. (you may ask how/why do I know this.... WELP... you guessed it... I used to work at the Corporate Office near the old Arena off Tyvola)anyway, with that said. This place is NOT NEW.. however the managment is EUREST DINING/COMPASS GROUP. The previous owner(s) was bought out. (Go figure). While the staff DID NOT CHANGE. The quality of food, types of food......AND PRICES HAS CHANGED. You can catch me here in the morning to get a good cup of Joe or a bite to eat for breakfast. Prices aren't THAT great, but... ahh it's not that BAD either. Salad Bar (by weight)Cook to order section (i remember paying almost 7 bucks for 4 chicken tenders, SMALL fries..NO DRINK) Another Cook To Order section (pasta's etc)And a Pre-Cooked tell-em what you want type deal. In the morningNo salad bar.... its replaced by Oatmeal, (cooked), Grits (Cooked of course), Cottage Cheese, Peanut Butter, Grapes, blah blah blah.. you get the point!With enough seating for you, you, you're friend, your friends friends, co-workers, co-workers friends... you get the point on that too huh.. well, i think it may seat at least 150-200. 3 levels of seating.. and a few spots out in front to cop a squat!Go, enjoy... Cheers
3	It's hilarious that this place is called "College Place" because it is almost exactly like the cafeteria at my college.  Right down to the waffle maker.  Except it isn't "all you can eat bacon"... and I wonder why I gained the freshman 30....ANYWAYS.  I've been here a couple of times, and your experience just depends on the day.  Breakfast isn't usually too busy, and they have a made-to-order station with most of your breakfast staples (omelets, pancakes, bacon, eggs, etc.).  I'm a particular fan of the made to order because you decide what goes in the stuff you are eating.  HOWEVER... close to 5 bucks seems a bit excessive for a 2 egg omelet with one protein and 3 veggies.Lunch gives you a lot of options.  Made to order hamburger station (with the aforementioned sweet potato fries, holla), the hot lunch and MTO pasta (with daily specials), and a pretty good salad bar with good protein choices and different soups of the day (Au Bon Pain).This is one of those places that you could eat here every day and probably never have the same thing, plenty of options to choose from.  It's cafeteria quality food from a cafeteria.  You are getting exactly what you expect  you should be getting.
3	Definitely a 'college place' feel here.  Located on College and 2nd (MLK) street.  They have a salad bar for lunch, hot food that changes daily.  The salad bar is pay-by-the-weight.  They have Au Bon Pain soups in two sizes.  Great coffee!!!  Everything you could want for lunch or breakfast at reasonable prices.  They will give you a discount for most large banks - just ask them.  HUGE seating area which spans two levels.  There is also outdoor seating which is great in the summer.  Thanks guys!
4	I love the grill here.  The guys working it are great, and will pretty much make anything to order.  My favorite is the VEGGIE BURGER, which is made of a unique combination of brown rice and veggies.  It's not your standard Boca or Gardenburger.  They have a good variety of buns and bread that are fresh and delicious.  The fries are great, and you can even get onion rings or grilled onions (or most anything else) added to your sandwich.  Recently they also started offering a PORTOBELLO MUSHROOM SANDWICH and a GRILLED MARGHERITA SANDWICH.  I love a place that offers multiple vegetarian options!   The salad bar is also pretty good, but even my meatless salads end up fairly expensive (by the pound pricing).  By far, the best value is their grill breakfast items.  Pancakes, waffles, any type of eggs or sandwiches... typically for somewhere between $2-$5.  A HUGE omelette with veggies and cheese never costs me more than $4.  I love it; it's a steal.  Plus, they execute well, especially if you tell the guys what particularities you have. Don't expect much ambience.  It's basically a cafeteria, but for a quick lunch, that suits me just fine.
3	cafeteria style eating with made to order grill area.  Food was fast and I had a good breakfast sandwich .
2	This place used to be a great spot for a quick meal, or an option when the weather is bad outside, because they are never busy you could get in and out.  However the last two times I've went down there I have stood at the grill station for a few mins and ignored by the 2 guys back there.  I've left and went somewhere else. It's a shame that even when a place is so dead they don't want to wait on you.  The food was always "ok" at best but now with the poor service twice in a row I won't be back.
2	I've been here a few times for lunch uptown. Its nothing amazing but its extremely convenient since its located in the Wells Fargo building. If you're looking for quick and simple lunch, this is the place to come. You can avoid lines and its very quite with a view out the window towards the street.
