5	I never grew up with a pet so getting one was a new experience. I had always heard kill/no-kill shelters whatever... I got my new dog Crosby from ARL which happens to be a "kill shelter". Thinking about this, I felt truly good getting him there because I felt as though I was saving him from some other destiny. However, he is so cute that I'm sure someone else would have adopted him...The shelter itself is large and the volunteers and vet-techs that you interact with are very friendly. The dogs are constantly walked and you can tell the animals receive a ton of love from the staff. Adoption is made easy unless you rent in which case you should probably bring a letter from your landlord stating you are allowed to adopt. Another perk is that when Crosby had "kennel cough" we went after hours to get him some medication and they still let us in and treated him...In short, great adoption experience at ARL.
4	This is an animal shelter with a tremendous heart. While I realize it's more popular to back the more selective (aka "no-kill") shelters around Pittsburgh, the "open door" policy places the ARL at the top of my list. Where the so-called no-kill shelters can afford to be choosy and accept all-star pets, the ARL will accept any pet, from a private owner, someone who finds a stray, or even the city's animal control. A small, over-extended staff collaborates with a dedicated troop of volunteers, and manages to adopt thousands and thousands of pets each year into family homes. I have adopted two cats from this shelter, and also participated in the adoption of several friends' pets here, too. The paid staff can be spread a little thin, especially if you come on a Friday afternoon/evening, or a weekend morning. Guess what, lots of people want to adopt a pet on the weekend when they have extra time to help it settle in. So don't be surprised to find crowds of potential adopters and exhausted staff!!! For a quieter experience, try a weekday. For the most intimate pet-finding experience, go during a Steelers game. Seriously, you will have the place to yourself. Is it sacrilegious to tell you to do anything during a Steelers game? Whoops. The ARL lists some of their pets on Petfinder, but I have found that the selection on the adoption floor is often too vast & quick moving for them to keep the profiles online updated -- what I'm trying to get at is this: Don't get super attached to a pet online, because there's a reasonable chance it already has a home. And don't avoid a trip because you don't see anyone you like online. There are more future fur-friends waiting for you at the shelter. The staff of volunteers is extraordinary - I adopted one of my cats directly out of a foster home, and the volunteer must have gone out of her way to come to the shelter at my convenience and explain all the in-home habits of my future baby. I had such a positive experience with her, and the shelter. They invite you to send updates and pictures as your new pet adjusts. Yes, the staff & volunteers have a vested interest in the pets and want to know how things go! The rates for adoption vary, depending on the season, so if your finances require some help to acquire your new best friend, keep an eye on their website for info about "sales." You can also donate old sheets, towels, pet carriers, and toys for the animals who stay here on their way to permanent homes. I donate a big pile of worn towels and sheets every time i sort my linen closet. They also accept ca$h donations to help keep up with expenses. Maybe I seem like an over-enthusiastic cheerleader of this place, but the fact is that this organization connected me with two very important cats in my life, and every scratch on my arms, every litter box, and every fur-covered outfit in my life is due credit to their tireless efforts. Bravo, ARL, the pets & their families thank you.
4	This shelter is fantastic and has generally very good, friendly people on staff.  The cats and dogs appear to be treated at least as well as one might expect.When I adopted one of my cats at this establishment, I had to return the next day to have her spayed.  They did it for free, which was great, but the reason they don't get five stars is that the desk clerk completely forgot about my cat and me, and she left us waiting as she chatted on her cell phone with a friend: she only remembered about us as she was walking out for a smoke and saw us sitting in the lobby.
5	I'm a crazy cat lady and proud of it! Being a volunteer here has been so fulfilling on many different levels.  It has made me feel so good to be able to help out with something that I feel passionately about.  You can tell that the staff puts a lot of effort into taking care of these animals they accept in.  A lot of times people will say, oh I can't do it, it's too sad.  But the thing is, it's not.  It's actually so great because these animals come here and find loving homes instead of being on the street or in an environment that's toxic.  I rarely see animals there for a long time.  I think that's a testament to the way they are treated while they're in the facility. Now I'll admit, I'm not the biggest dog fan, so I help out in the cat shelter.  I can talk about that with a lot more knowledge than the dog side.  They just built a new cat facility on their property so they have their own shelter.  The cats are all set up in a huge room.  They have two rooms for people to play with the cats when they are looking to adopt them.  These rooms are also used for "cat cuddling."  That's what I do when I volunteer.  I get to take the cats out so that they can play, be cuddled or just run around.  Then the cats are able to get out of the cages and get used to human contact. The other great thing about the ARL is that they have foster parents who take in cats and dogs while they're waiting to be adopted.  This way, they get a great home environment and it relieves the facility of having too many animals at one time. At different points in the year the adoption rates are different depending on the amount of animals they have.  Cat rates are usually cheaper in the Spring/Summer because there's more coming in and dog rates are cheap in the late summer months.  The added bonus of adopting a pet from the ARL is that they are spade or neutered when you adopt them.  It's actually cheaper then taking them to a normal vet on your own. I would STRONGLY recommend coming here to check out the animals and hopefully find your next furry friend!  OR you can volunteer!  They have volunteer informational sessions the first Saturday of every month.  After that you only have one training session to complete and you're ready to volunteer!  Just check it out if you're curious.  You won't regret it!  Your new furry friends will appreciate it as well!
5	I have an almost three-year-old cat named Jack that I spoil as if he were my son. I honestly never experienced the love for and from an animal until I adopted Jack from an Animal Rescue League. It was one of the best decisions I've ever made.The shelter is great and I'll probably get another cat in the near future. Check this location out!
5	A few years ago, I decided that I wanted to get a pet and so I volunteered at the ARL for a number of months in order to learn about the different breeds of cats and dogs. It was an invaluable experience and really helped me to learn about dog behavior. I still serve as a cat foster from time to time.The staff here have a tough and sometimes heart-breaking job. It's not  for the faint of heart but they're all very nice and do their best by the animals and the people who come in to adopt and surrender the poor beasts.Ultimately, I didn't get my doggy from the ARL (sometimes the heart doesn't get give you a choice) but my experiences there have really taught me a lot about animals and have only served to heighten my love for my 10yr old rescue pup.
5	Great place to find a dog or a cat
5	On July 16th our family was delighted to adopt "Bubbles" from the Animal Rescue League.  She is a wonderful, well mannered, eager to please dog. Over the past year we have been looking for just the right dog for our household  which includes 3 generations and a cat who rules.  We had visited ARL a few times in the past year. The staff and volunteers have always been friendly and knowledgeable about the animals.  They truly care about matching each cat or dog with the right  forever home.  I am horrified by the vehemence of the July 13 negative review posted.  Yes, the ARL is not perfect; but the staff and volunteers are terribly overwhelmed and they honestly try to do their best.  The solution lies in  more volunteers and more funding.  I highly recommend going to ARL when you want to adopt a pet or wish to volunteer your time to a very worthy organization.
5	I adopted another cat in February and both my cats are the best of friends. It took a while to get there, but trust me, they're pals now.Adopt an animal today!
5	I volunteer as a dog coach twice a week and i am absolutely in love with the ARL. There are two beautiful babies, whom I have walked for weeks, that I wanna mention (these ladies would be mine if I didn't already have a grumpy Basset and an elderly Shiz zhu @ home):Bunny (my girl!! Bunny ears, and the sweetest temperament):http://www.animalrescue.org/available-petsHoney (I love her to death, 6 years old, just wants to be loved!!):http://www.animalrescue.org/available-petsStop by the ARL! It is worth the trip. :)
5	I have gotten two great dogs from ARL over the years the staff is polite and really cares about the animals and finding them the right home. They get the animals the best vet care they can and i believe they have an on site clinic. I would suggest even if they have a special on adoption prices pay the full amount if you can.  From what I see they take great care of the animals and could use all the money they can to make sure this continues.
5	I could never stop saying good things about the Animal Rescue League! As other reviewers have pointed out, going there both breaks and warms your heart.  I adopted my puppy, Brock, back in January, and I couldn't be happier.  The staff was super helpful and very kind. They gave us enough time to make sure Brock was the right dog for us, and also made sure we knew what we were getting ourselves into. (Brock is a husky mix, so he's a ball full of energy. Great running buddy! :) ) I will most definitely be back and plan on telling all friends considering a pet to adopt from the ARL!
3	Animal Rescue League is great! BUT, I'm very disappointed by their dog trainer/behaviorialist, Lacey. I have a large papillon (a "throwback", as my vet called him), whose previous owners neglected and undersocialized him for the first two years of his life. As a result, he is now extremely fearful when taken outside the home, and he becomes overstimulated and aggressive. I brought him to one of ARL's Saturday small dog classes, but he freaked out, and we were asked to leave. Lacey said she'd be in contact to set up a private class. She called a few days later, and we arranged a private class for 6pm on a Wednesday. I made arrangements to leave work early to drive back into the city and get my pup some help! It's hard to anticipate exactly how much traffic there will be on Fifth Ave during rush hour, so I wound up playing it overly safe and arriving 10 minutes early for our class. After a few minutes, Lacey noticed us and came outside to tell me that she was running fifteen minutes behind. I wasn't sure what to do, because I couldn't really go anywhere with my cray-cray dog, and there was too much traffic to go home and come back again. So, she said we could wait inside in a small hallway. We went in to wait, and naturally, with all the smells and sounds, my pup got a bit riled up. But, we waited...and waited and waited. At 6:25pm, I knocked on the door to the training room. Silence. So, I opened it. Nobody was there, and the door to the outside was open. I peeked out, and there she was, with the people and dog that had the lesson before me. I waited for a moment, hoping she'd notice me and look at her watch or something, but nope.So, I took my dog and walked outside to my car. She turned and looked at me, but didn't acknowledge me in any way. I went and sat in my car with my dog for a few minutes, hoping the other folks, their dog, and Lacey would wrap things up, but no. They just continued on. At 6:35pm, I knew I couldn't wait any longer, because I had work I still needed to finish up that had to be done by 9pm. I got out of my car, and began walking towards Lacey. She just stared at me, rather than saying "We're just finishing up," or "Sorry, I lost track of time," or anything at all. So I said, "We're going to have to reschedule. It's past 6:30 now, and I can't stay past 7." She simply replied, "Okay. I'll call you." I thought it was rude and unprofessional to not offer any type of apology, or even a half-hearted explanation, but whatever. No one said she had people skills, I suppose, and this was about getting my dog help! Well, it's been a week and a half. No call from Lacey! Needless to say, I'll be finding another, more reliable trainer. I'm just really disappointed, not only in her unprofessionalism, but also her lack of caring about my dog. I barely had any interaction with Lacey, but even if there was something about me she didn't like, she should have cared more about helping a pup that obviously needs it. I sincerely hope that others have had better experiences, and I hate to knock even a single star off for ARL -- but this Yelp review seems to be my only way of warning others to seek another trainer for their dog behavioral needs! :(
4	I love, love, love my puppy.  After visiting every shelter in the city and finding nothing, we came back the next day after seeing a posting for a 2 month old terrier mix.  Our poor little guy had been dumped in a park and some very nice person brought him to the ARL who took him in, waited 3 days for someone to claim him, and neutered him.  He wasn't even supposed to be on the floor yet when we got there, but they were super helpful and brought him out to us and let us take him home.  The staff there were super helpful and wonderful to my incredibly anxious fiance- imagine a first time dad bringing home the baby!  The only reason they only get 4 stars is my poor puppy is SO sick.  We've had him for 3 weeks and he's got an awful cough that hasn't been responsive to any antibiotics.  I know its hard to keep all the dogs isolated, but I really think 8 weeks is a little too early to neuter a puppy especially after being found in a park- too much stress!  Hopefully our little guy starts getting better soon, we're awfully worried about him!  Still love the ARL though!
5	A few years ago, I lost my partner and love of my life in a tragic accident.  While struggling with my horrific grief and having difficulty getting back into life as I once knew it, my grief counselor suggested that I "help something else" in order to help myself feel better.  We decided that since I was an animal lover I would try volunteering at an animal shelter.  I was not working, so I had a lot of time and wanted the shelter to feel right.  I visited a few, they all do good work, but the one that kept drawing me back was the ARL.  Yes, the building is old, it's a bit run down, but that doesn't stop the staff and administration from doing the best they can with so very little and in not the best of space.  I saw a bathroom be "renovated into a vet tech office, I saw the janitor's closet renovated and made in to the "rodent room."  Where cats once lived in cages along the halls of the ARL a new building next door, an old gas station was made into the "Cat Adoption Center!"  When you have staff that are still young and are going on 5-10 years + at the same shelter, (same place of employment for that matter) you know something about the place is right!  I volunteer easily 30 hours a week at the ARL, I get to see the good, the bad and the ugly, and I can tell you first hand that the good is in the staff, the Executive Director, Dan Rossi, and all of the work that goes on for the animals.  The staff knows EVERY one of the animals, they do all they can to care for them, and keep the doors WIDE open for both domestic and wild animals, even if that means a staff member or volunteer takes a cat or dog home!  The answer is never ever "no" to any animal.  I also volunteer for the Humane Society of the United States and travel around the countryside working on dogfighting raids, cruelty, hoarding, natural disasters, and the ARL has never said no to me when I ask to bring animals back from incredibly sad or inhumane situations.  Technically, by the numbers, it is a "no-kill" shelter, because it is open door people will often call it a "kill shelter."  Yes, sometimes an animal does have to be euthanized.  The ARL is the Animal Control shelter for the city of Pittsburgh and with that can bring some very upsetting and disturbing signs of animal cruelty.  It can also mean it's the dog who just bit a kid that you just saw on the news.  The ARL has an obligation to society to not let dangerous dogs back on the street, to euthanize when a dog is very sick or is very aggressive to humans or other animals, and trust me, I have held many of those dogs as they are put to sleep and I always am so thankful that the vet staff we have are so compassionate and do the euthanasia in the most humane manner.  That's a tough job, it's heartbreaking, but in some cases it has to be done for the good of the animal and for the safety of society.  I admire the work and staff of the ARL and will continue to devote my time to them and thank them for the wonderful work they do on behalf of the city of Pittsburgh and all of the wild and domestic animals alike.  We are so lucky to have them in our area and as our city shelter.
5	The ARL is great! Earlier in the month, we mistakenly adopted 2 pit bulls. After they killed my rabbit and got loose a few times, we felt they were too much and gave them up. The people who worked there were really understanding and asked us a lot of questions so as to provide the best care for them until they are hopefully adopted by the right people.  Sorry Chloe and Coco. :( They are a NO-KILL shelter too. Always a huge plus.
1	Please do not adopt any pets from here until they update their standards.  I hate to think of animals living in cages, but...!! At least two cats adopted from here in September have diagnosed with the herpes virus by the vet, and this is contagious to other cats. !!AKA, it is likely that the shelter staff is not washing hands between handling pets and they are not testing for a virus that can be fatal in kittens.I recently adopted a kitten from their shelter--I picked him up from their Pittsburgh Public Market adoption station.  I was told that he had been tested for common feline viruses and up-to-date on vaccinations.  These were both untrue statements.  The kitten has the herpes virus and was not vaccinated against this.  My roommate, who was with me, and I were warned about the upper respiratory infection (URI) that can occur because of this virus and others, but we were not told that he was neither tested nor vaccinated for the herpes virus.  They gave me a paper with his vaccinations, but it was in vet-speak, so I took their word for it. Furthermore, the shelter staff put my kitten in my roommate's name mistakenly (and claimed that if we just called in that they would fix this mistake, but then wouldn't), so when he got sick, no one from their clinic would return my calls--I'm guessing this was since I wasn't the owner according to their records.  I had to email them to get a response, which basically said sorry that we didn't return your calls but this is your problem now.  They never apologized for the kitten's health or asked if he was feeling better.  Where's the compassion for the animal?So now I have a very sick kitten on my hands.  I took him to the Big Easy in Lawrenceville when he stopped eating, and Dr. Ruiz is the best.  She took care of him, but it cost $160 to treat the virus he picked up at the shelter.The Animal Rescue League shelter/clinic said that it does not and will not cover expenses for this.  After I had already taken him elsewhere, the clinic staff said that they would have given me a discount if I had waited two days to go to their clinic, but who would wait two days while the kitten wouldn't eat??  And now this virus makes him ineligible for pet insurance.  It  will cost hundreds of extra dollars a year to keep him healthy. Had I not fallen in love with the little monster, I would have taken him back to another shelter.  That's what the person who adopted the other kitten with virus did.  Whenever he gets an outbreak, he will get another URI.  This means a lethargic cat who sneezes, gags, and coughs because he can't breathe and who won't eat because he's too congested to smell his food.  It's very sad--protect your cats with the herpes vaccination, please!Oh, and in case you were wondering: just like in humans, cat herpes is fo' life.  Poor little guy.  This also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future.  Bad shelter!
5	I adopted a dog from the ARL this past spring.  During the adoption process the employees were polite and seemed genuinely happy for me.  Shortly after the adoption, I received emails from a volunteer to check in and to inquire about how the dog and I were adjusting.  A few months after the adoption, it became clear that the dog had some pretty serious anxiety and behavioral issues (please note that there is no way the shelter staff could have known about the issues while the dog was in the shelter).  I contacted the shelter and they practically  bent over backwards to help me with the dog's issues.  The dog and I participated in two sessions of behavioral classes (Lacey is wonderful and never gave up on my dog!), consulted with veterinary staff, and received constant emails from staff offering suggestions and checking in to see how I was doing.  In the end, I learned how to manage the dog's behaviors and I love the dog dearly.  Nine months later, I still receive emails from the shelter asking about the dog and offering more suggestions.I would highy suggest adopting from this shelter.  I understand that my dog is sort of a worse-case-senerio of adopting a pre-owned dog; however, this shelter will make sure you are happy with your adoption and literally will do everything in their power to ensure both you and the adopted animal are ok.  The shetler staff care deeply about the animal AND the human's well-being!
2	Our cat recently came down with some health issues that we could not afford to address. He was in pain and we decided the humane thing was to put him to sleep. We went to the ARL and asked the receptionist there if we had any other options available to us. "Well basically the only thing you can do is sign him over for euthanasia" she said in the most uncaring, apathetic voice possible. We were heartbroken of course. "Go wait by that door and someone will meet you." After a few minutes another woman came out and took the carrier. "I'll bring your carrier back out in a minute." We said no, that's okay, keep the carrier. She said okay and took our cat to the back. And that was it. No kind words, no sympathetic gestures, no "Would you like a moment before I take him?" No "I'm sorry." Nothing. For us this was one of the worst days of our lives but nobody at the ARL seemed to care, or at least have been trained to pretend to care, one bit. They get a couple stars for offering a necessary service. But other than that, this place will only be associated with making a terrible day that much worse with their lack of caring or empathy.
1	Staff members here have always come up short. A past kennel worker  sold his litter of pit bull puppies in east liberty and the shelter was made aware of it  but excused it. They will lie to surrendering families because they don't  want the cold hard truth, the good, bad and the ugly to leak out to the public. They lie ! They kill many many animals because of a very subjective behavioral test that their dog hating staff performs .They kill more pets for space than any other pittsburgh shelter.Many volunteers walk on eggshells here because they know an animals life is hanging in the balance and they are afraid to speak up or not allowed back in to volunteer . Weak leadership. This is the cities highest cat and dog death rate of any shelter or rescue in western pa
1	This is a terrible shelter.  It appears that they routinely turn away (or kill, unless you state you will take them back) cats because they are "overcrowded."  They will tell you that your cat has a " behavioral issue" to address turning said animal away. Mark that you will take your cat (or dog, etc.) back or else you risk having them "put down."
5	I've had such good experiences with ARL, that I will probably return here again and again.  Years ago we adopted a mutt of a puppy that turned out to be the best dog that I could have ever imagined.  But let me talk about my most recent visit.While browsing Facebook, I noticed that they were having an event at ARL.  This particular event was called the Free Fur All.  The event involved free adoption to qualified adopters, free micro-chipping for any pet (adopted there or elsewhere), free dog baths, and goodies for both human and furry companions.I had plans to get Little Man E microchipped during his appointment to take his manhood away (don't worry, we've talked about it and he is fine by it), but when this popped up and said it was free.  Hot damn, you know I was in line.  It's also probably one of the more easy and humane ways to keep ties on your dog or cat just in case they were to run off one night.Once we were registered, we waited at most for 15 minutes.  It's a very quick thing to have done.  Little Man E didn't even flinch.  He was more amused by his reflection in the table than that little pinch behind the shoulder blade.  I have to give huge kudos to the staff there.  They are so very friendly to not only you, but your pet.  It's like they talk their language.  I also have to thank them because while we were there, LME somehow ripped his one toenail and they were kind enough to clip as much of it off as they could (no extra charge either!).Once done, we just walked outside to see what was up (E skipped the bath).  We visited one of the tables and E selected a ball and bandanna and we decided to head out after that.This place is amazing for so many different pet oriented things.  I'll definitely be coming back here whenever I need something for LME.
5	This place is PHENOMENAL.I got my bunny here a few months ago and the ladies were so nice and helpful and they take SUCH good care of the animals.  They gave me a bit of hay and food for her that lasted me close to three months.  Then when we were leaving we saw a cage of six dwarf hamsters and they gave us a deal of 2/$10.I love my animals so much and I will always check here first for pets before anywhere else.
5	I adopted two cats from animal rescue league and my cats are healthy and happy. They take care of animals with love and kindness. They are of course so busy because there are many abandoned pets from irresponsible humans..But they made the whole adoption process easy and after almost a year my cats are still lovely and gives me so much love.
5	I just adopted my second dog from this shelter, I think they're wonderful! You must keep in mind that no rescue shelter is going to look like a 5 Star hotel and be able to keep every animal free from illness, but the ARL does a great job. All pets are spayed/neutered, vaccinated, and receive a microchip. Your first vet visit after your adoption is half-off their already cheap prices at their in-house vet clinic. They also give you a little goodie bag along with the pets vet records.  I'm so thankful for the furry friends I've adopted from the ARL!
