5	I've been seeing Dr Gamett for about 4 years now. I highly recommend him to anyone looking for a chiropractor. He is very nice, listens about your pain, and does everything possible to fix the problem. His staff is very friendly and helpful. Plus I really appreciate that they squeeze me in last minute almost every time, since I'm not good at making appointments.
5	this is the second time ive seen Dr Gamett. the first time being about 4 or 5 years ago for a different reason. i actually had to do some internet research to find him again b/c i was so impressed with my last visit years ago. long story short ive been experiencing bad headaches for a few months now. all day every day. have seen my regular physician, ear/nose/throat specialist & neurologist and have have an MRI and 2 CT scans done & countless drugs thrown at me to treat "migraine" headaches to no avail. i decided to see Dr Gamett to see if some adjustments would help. i kid you not only 1 visit with him already & i had one of the best nights sleep ive had in many months. not saying this is the case with everyone but i could not believe just how good i felt from 1 session with him. i can not wait to go back & pray & hope the next few sessions take away these head pains permanently. Highly recommended!!
5	Dr. Gamett is amazing. I've grown weary of chiropractors who try to con you into getting treatment and equipment you don't need to make a buck, but this definitely doesn't apply with him. He's an old school, hands on chiro who is awesome at what he does. And he doesn't pressure you to come back unless you need it. I'm very grateful to have found him.
5	Dr Gamett is the best Chiropractor.  I've been seeing him for over a year and I look forward each appointment, as he is the only chiropractor that has been able to adjust my neck.  Dr Gamett has a wonderful staff and I  highly recommend him, knowing he is "THE BEST"!
5	Janina, LMT is the greatest massage therapist I have ever been to.  She is knowledgeable and experienced to the point that when she begins the therapy session she can tell right away the reason for the visit and immediately goes to work to relieve all my discomforts.  I found someone who is truly dedicated to her profession and diligently performs the best massage that makes my muscles feel relaxed and renewed. I have been a client of Janinas' for the past 3 years and enjoy my sessions with her because I know she will take away all my aches and pains. I usually get a deep tissue massage because I am usually overdue when I go in. I really found gold in Henderson when I met Jania..
