5	I'm going to try not to sound like an overly obsessed fan, but that's really exactly what I am for Forever 21!  Their quality vs. prices is wonderful to me.  I come in here on a weekly bases (I'm trying to lengthen my time from weekly to bi-weekly) to buy some of they jewelery pieces.  They have a variety of colors and styles to choose from and since I change up styles daily then you can see why I'm in here so much.  You can buy pieces for a vintage chic look, punk look, modern and classy look, and downright trashy (sometimes you actually need this :)Anyone who has been in Forever 21 will tell you when you walk in (especially the one at Concord Mills) you're immediately drawn to section where the accessories are.  Just look down and follow the sparkly tile right to the sparkly section to pick up dozens of sparkly pieces!  The biggest plus is the price...$3.80 - $10.80.  I have bought several pieces from their and none of them have faded, chipped, or prematurely broken (and when I say prematurely I think we all have bought a piece of fashion jewelry, put it on and then for no reason than it's just poorly made the clasp breaks or the necklace snags a little and it breaks in half).Then there's the clothes.  Again, whatever look you're going for they have it in all the latest colors for the season.  And for my girls who like me have booty...hips...shall I just curves (small to large curves it doesn't matter) they have a Forever 21+ where the sizes go up to a 20.  I like that they try to make something for everyone.  If you haven't been then go!  It's the complete package....clothes, shoes, and accessories.  Your significant order will believe that this place was invented by an heavenly being when you can get an complete outfit out of here and not have to drag them from place to place to put one together...I'm talking from experience :)
5	Best Forever 21 store I've been in in North Carolina! They have moved into a new spot in the mall since I've last been and its huge! They carry plus sizes and kids clothing too! Also, the employees were very friendly and helpful.
