5	This shop just opened on Liberty Ave in Bloomfield - all vintage and resale.  I would sale right now the selection is a little more vintage but there are some great newer finds in there as well.  The clothes are all organized by size - which makes shopping super easy.  Lots of men's and women's clothing and accessories as well.  I think this place is just getting started -I picked up 3 things I love for less than $30. I will definitely stop back and this is a great addition to some of the other thrift shops on Liberty Ave.  The one thing to note is that there were a few items that weren't in the greatest condition - mostly stains - but all were marked as it and priced lower.
5	Great little store. Good selection, great prices, employees were super helpful an nice. Will definitely return.
1	Well, I was in the area visiting a friend, and upon leaving figured I would stop in this little place to see what it was like.  Well, upon browsing around the place for a bit, just really checking it out, I was asked probably four times if I needed help, despite being well--dressed (I could understand if I looked like a ghetto rat), and replying, "No, thanks -- just browsing."  Upon my answer, the employee would give me the most patronising, fake smile I've ever seen.  Honestly, if you compared her smile to that of a Barbie doll, I would be hard pressed to find the living one.  Upon picking something, despite the nagging, the same employee told me what she would recommend.  However, I informed her that I still wanted my item, because it was better.  She again recommended something.  This was either her first sales job, or she didn't like my Romney/Ryan shirt, and thus was trying to get me out of her "store", if one can call it that.
4	Nice selection of clothing - something for everyone. They also pay fair prices for your goods. Not super picky, but they don't take anything. Friendly staff.
1	When I walked into this place, I was eager to wander and browse like I usually do in stores like this. Unfortunately my excitement didn't last long.The store was wall-to-wall cramped; when I visited there was no room on the racks to move hangers so that you could examine clothes on the rack, the racks were so long that I had to walk from one end of the store to the other to even change aisles, and the racks were so close together that things kept catching on my (tiny!) shoulder bag; I'm amazed I didn't drag anything off their hangers. I mean, kudos for having so much stuff for people to browse, but what's the point if you can't even get to half of it?I explored what I could, and found a full range of clothes from full-out vintage to modern-day styles from Forever 21. There were some cute bags on sale as well. Nothing really spoke to me, which was fine. I know that by definition the merchandise in these stores changes regularly and isn't always going to speak to everyone who walks through. So I was fine at that point even though I wasn't finding much that suited me. In fact, I at one point during my visit I was thinking that I'd give a three star review and say, Eh - my visit wasn't a huge success but on a good day with these prices I'm sure you could make a great find.Unfortunately several items had a range of small to large rips, tears and holes that kind of struck me as concerning; I've honestly never found so much merchandise in that sort of state in any other vintage or used clothing store before, in this city or in any city I've visited while traveling. It was definitely offputting, and was the other reason I left without making any purchases that day.EDIT - It has been brought to my attention, oh so subtly I might add, that some people think I need to give this place a second chance. I will aim to do so in the near future. The reviews from this year give me hope that I came in on a bad day!
4	Went here for the first time on Sunday and traded some clothes.  He gave me a very good price for 3-4 items, and the dresses in this store are fantastic!  Very organized, very clean and great selection of quality items.  Reasonably priced.  He made a deal with me over some awesome sunglasses.  Owner very approachable and knowledgeable.  I'll be back every week.  Much better than Avalon.  The folks there are snobbed-out trolls, jmho.
4	I stumbled in here as a research project. I left with a bag full of great finds.I originally came in to ask some market research questions. The owner, Josh, happily obliged me. What started out as a survey turned into a great conversation about small business. He managed this while helping out customers too. Afterwards, I decided to browse some stuff with my girlfriend. We both found some great items, Nudie Jeans, Dior and Ted Baker sweaters and more. Everything was very reasonably priced. Josh is a super cool dude and from what I see, has a solid collection of merch.
5	By far the best thrift store in Pittsburgh. I'm at the point where half of my closet is from this shop. I find better stuff here than I can find anywhere else and it all is at great prices. I have to set a limit on myself or I'll buy too much.True story: I took a garbage bag filled with decent clothes to another popular thrift store in town and they offered me $20. I took the same bag to clothes minded and I got $60. You are getting ripped off if you go anywhere else. The owner is always nice and helpful too. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
4	Came in here waiting for some takeout from Thai Cuisine across the street with some friends. They didn't really shop here because there wasn't really anything for me, or anything at all. They did, however, enjoy picking up some ridiculous pieces of clothing for me to try on. The majority of the clothes here are a little too retro for me, but I loved the little treasures that you find when persevering.
5	If this store was in Philly or NYC it'd only have 5-star reviews.  Sorry, but that's just Pittsburgh... a lot of people do not get this kind of store here.  They think it's a thrift store (which is just fine with me - you keep thinking that and continue to shop at the mall... I'll get all the awesome finds!).  Again, really surprised after visiting Clothes Minded and seeing some of these, uh, closed minded reviews.First off, there is a lot of vintage here.  In one place.  And, really unique vintage.  Vintage is usually not in perfect condition - there may be small imperfections (like holes).  People who wear vintage are willing to fix the clothes they find because you can't find them anymore... what's one small hole in a 1940s dress (which I saw about 5 of on the rack last week)? Nothing.   There are tons of items on the racks.  That is awesome!  Since it's resale and there is only one of each item, you need a lot in the store so that there is something for everyone.  I found a Free People skirt with the original $148 tag on it (obviously unworn) for $8.  Yeah... pretty awesome.  Not to mention a few choice vintage finds. I saw soooo much good merch that wasn't for me, but that someone else will love.I have a hard time believing that there is anyone who loves good fashion and appreciates re-sale that wouldn't adore this store!
5	Great vintage store. Couldn't agree more with the last review by Sara P, and would like to reiterate for any uninformed shoppers, sometimes stuff that's decades old will have a tiny hole or two in it. It's called sewing, look into it. I never found the space too cramped but that's just me. I've been in 3 times and twice found great clothing, which is a good record for me (I'm picky). So being picky about my vintage, i recommend Clothes Minded to other shoppers.
3	I'm back! The last time I was here I did not have a good experience, as my previous rating will clearly show. I honestly didn't think I'd ever return here. Then it was brought to my attention that some Yelpers, well...let's just say they thought I deserved to give the place another chance. So I decided I would.The place has honestly made a 180-degree change from when I was last here. I didn't even mention in my last review that the floors were a mess and the paint on the walls was chipping horribly - but fortunately that's all been fixed and a new layer of paint gave the place a totally different look. Various decals are up on the walls now to add some personality to the place, too. Plus the racks were much easier to navigate, and I wasn't constantly tripping around the store. And unlike last time there was music pumping out over the speakers...although - and this is definitely personal taste talking here - I have to be honest, curse words and racial slurs just don't do anything for me, so I can't say I enjoyed everything being played musically during my visit. Anyway, not only does the store physically have a new look but the items available have also changed; last time I was here it was 50% newer stuff, 50% old stuff. Now I understand why some people were getting mad that I was calling the place a thrift store - since my last visit the store has received and collected far more vintage merch to sell. No wonder it's become so popular. (Granted, I'll still be referring to this shop by what's it classified as right on Yelp itself: Used/Consignment/Vintage.)The quality in what I found also skyrocketed from fairly worn and torn since my last visit. I even found some items I wanted to try on this time, and left with one of them - unfortunately as I'm sure fellow shoppers will understand, sometimes the items that fit your personality just don't fit your frame. So would I put this store on the same level as some of the 'Burgh's vintage boutiques? No, but I think a comparison of their racks would quickly reveal that they're not meant to be on the same level. Clothes Minded is, after all, a Used/Consignment/Vintage store, and a unique one. It's meeting a specific local demand and it's on its own level - a level that has vintage/used clothes available for used store pricing in a store that has a thrifty feel to it.If I could give the place a 3.5 rating, I would - 3.5 accurately sums up my experience after taking the music into account: more than a-ok, not quite enough to get me to want to come back in the near future. But now I will definitely consider stopping in the next time I'm in the area, and with a few more successful shopping trips I may finally be persuaded to join the hardcore fan category. Hopefully that potential and my new rating is enough to get me removed from the "frumpy idiot" list! :)
5	I have been shopping at this resale shop since it's opening several years ago.I have not only had a stellar customer service experience every single time I go, I also have never walked out without finding something I love for a price I feel excited about as well. I've also had success selling there as well.You can find anything from name brand- I'm talking Louis V., Chanel and Prada to Alice and Olivia and Jeffrey Campbell- to awesome novelty finds like a tales from the crypt tank top or punk/rock tees and vintage finds like beautiful Peter Pan collar dress with an amazing print as well as everyday basics and it is all more than reasonably priced. Josh is not only my favorite local clothing shop owner, he's super friendly and down to earth and really knows what he's talking about when it comes to fashion. He recently added on some equally awesome and fashion savvy employees as well. The shop has an Instagram account you can browse if you wanna see for yourself. It's clothes_minded_pgh. Since great things go in and out of there so fast though I'd recommend stopping in. With that in mind, if you don't find anything on your first visit, give it another go. I absolutely love this local business and I know if you give it a chance you will too!
4	I'm kicking myself in the butt for not buying the basically brand new shirt with the tags still on it in here.  And I doubt that by the time I get back here that it will still be on the rack.The clothing here is pretty expansive.  They have just about anything that you can think of.  Short sleeved to long sleeved, jackets to jeans, even a few pair of shoes are here for your review.  They even have a clearance rack if that is possible.  The thing I like about this place most is that it doesn't emphasis the trendy.  Unless what you view as trendy is retro.  Even what they use to decipher the size of clothing is reused.  They use old 45 records to let you know what size is what.  The staff are super friendly and down to earth.  This place definitely warrants many return visits.
4	This place is a much less hectic version of Avalon Exchange. The clothes are unique (I always find something to tempt me when I stop in) and the prices are really very reasonable. It's certainly not a thrift shop, but it seems that people in Pittsburgh are starting to catch on to the difference between curated resale and thrift stores where donated piles of useless clothing are all put out on the sales rack regardless of appeal or condition. The staff don't seem like they're trying too hard to be hip, and the music is a nice touch. Too many shops have the most mainstream, god-awful soundtrack in the background. They buy seasonally, so as long as you bring in heavy or darker colored clothing for fall or winter and lighter clothing for spring or summer you should be fine. I sold a few things from my expansive wardrobe last weekend and got cash back immediately. Definitely a sweet deal. If you like reasonable used clothing prices and would rather not pick through 1000 red sweaters at the Salvation Army Family Store, then this is the place for you.
