4	Gut bustingly hilarious. You are probably like me - hypnosis yeah freakin right. My skepticism was crushed, watching the faces of people afterwards. I want to write some spoiler info so badly, but can't in good conscience.The material changes nightly, depending on the audience,  since they make up 50% of the show. Some bits are his classics with responses changing etc.Highly recommend going to this show - it's high energy and sociable. Not your average show, which is what I liked most - you get involved and get to be loud with your friends. Vulgar, loud, drinking, sexy, funny, concern, OMFG, wanting more.Next time I will go on stage or force (lol) someone I am with to (a bit safer). Your best bet is watching a friend go up there though :-).
3	The audience loves this showThe people on stage .... I don't knowThere is not much to see in the Anthony Cools show that you will not see in other hypnotist acts.But it is funny.This show takes place in a small theater in the Paris Hotel and Casino -  (around 200  -250 people) so you are close to the action.The only problem is that it is all floor level seating.The audience favorite was the skit about people making love to a chair.They are told it is the most beautiful person of their dreams .... and the action begins.The song " Burning Ring of Fire" does a hot number on several of the on stage performers.This is a good show to see if you are in the right mood, you will leave smiling .... but once will probably be enough.The amazing thing is that you can purchase a DVD of the evening show and it is available @ 15 minutes after the end of the performace.Technology is amazing .... as were the people on stage(you might use it as blackmail material)
1	ABSOLUTE FRAUD!!!!!!Save your money or gamble it away.  You feel better losing your money to the casino then watching this so called show.  First, one of the audience who is getting "hypnotized" is a plant.  When I went to see the show I got there early and I saw Anthony Cools talking to her and the camera man who films the show.  And then when the show started she had completely changed her clothes and was pretending to be just another member of the audience.  So phony.I wouldn't surprised if all 5 "hypnotized" people on stage worked with him.  Save your $52 and do something else!
4	When we saw the show, there was 11 ppl on stage. 5 girls and 6 guys. Was a pretty entertaining show. One girl wasn't totally hypnotized though, and was faking her skit while on stage. But other than that, the rest were pretty good.Well worth the $30 we spent to see the show. They have tickets available at Tix4Tonight for 50% off for pretty much every show. We got tickets for Cirque shows there as well for 50% off. Anyhow, worth the $30, not sure if I'd pay $50 though. We purchased the best of anthony cools dvd for $25. I guess it was pretty decent. The cost of the show we were at costs $40 for the DVD, given we just saw it, no need to see it again. Only way I'd buy that is if I had to blackmail a buddy who went on stage. haha.
4	HI-LARIOUS!!I don't think my friends and I laughed as hard as we did for 45+ minutes!  2 out of the 6 of us volunteered to go up on stage to be hypnotized with the initial belief that this stuff can't be real, so we can vouch that this stuff IS real.   If you saw the stuff they ended up doing on stage, you'd agree too!  ;)We were expecting some adults-only material, but we were definitely not expecting the kinds of things that Anthony Cools had the volunteers do.  We in the audience kept screaming at each other "OH MY GOD, NO WAY!  I can't believe he/she did that!".  Let's just say our male friend's little show of his "skillz" got him dubbed the nickname "Corona bottle", and was approached by several women after the show asking if he had a girlfriend (probably for their guy friends, haha).And, it only got raunchier and funnier as the show went on.  We were all literally in tears from laughing by the end of the night.A must-see show if you're looking for a fun time with friends.  We all couldn't stop referring back to it and cracking up about it throughout the remainder of our Vegas trip.
4	This was one sick show! Take that how you like it. Anthony Cool's is very funny and very naughty! The show is 80% audience participation and 20% Anthony Cool's humorous comments and hypnotic direction. Every show is different than the next, so you better hope you have a willing audience. Locals get discounts, but must go to the box office to buy tickets.
4	Entertaning
5	I'm sitting down to Yelp our Las Vegas trip right now and am on my 4th review.  The previous three had all received 5 stars.  I feel like I need to be more critical and find something to call a flaw to prevent myself from giving a fourth consecutive 5-star rating.  Honestly though, I can't do that here.  This show was hysterical.  I hadn't laughed that hard in a long time.  I've never seen anyone under a state of hypnosis before, but had read reviews so I kind of knew what to expect.  Anthony Cools' show went way beyond expectations and truly lived up to the hype that I've heard from it.  At one point in the show, there were three volunteers on stage who just did not seem to be hypnotized.  They were showing no desire to actually go through with the directions being given to them by Mr. Cools.  He politely asked them to return to their seats so as to not ruin the show.  Big props to him for that rather than letting them just act the part.  From start to finish, I was nearly in tears.  Hey "Tracy" your coochie is spreading rumors about you again!
4	I went to see the show last night (1/10/10).  I have seen 3 other hypnotist shows, and I was leery about seeing another one, but I managed to score a comp.  Why not go? The show was very, very funny and very entertaining!  I laughed and laughed--more than I do at most comedy club shows around Las Vegas.I have always thought some of the people were acting at hypnosis shows.  I can't say that about Cools.  No one could act that well!  It is a see once type of show.  I agree with robert m. that the all floor seating is a problem.  I was glad I had an almost direct view to the stage.  I was seated in the next to last row, but hey, the price was right!!
4	This show is absolutely hysterical. I am not sure I buy the hypnotism thing, but whatever, this show is worth every penny. It is outrageous and very very dirty (as in X rated, but no overt nudity, just words and jokes--unless of course the short-skirted women are not wearing underwear. Don't worry, he asks first). The older couple sitting next to us did not laugh or clap at all. I did not look at them but I would bet there was not even a smile. Meanwhile, the rest of the audience was bouncing off the ceiling with laughter. This is a show you probably can only see once, but you have to see it once. This guy is genius, seriously fun and outrageously funny.
5	Anthony Cool is fcuking hillarious! Hypnotizing people into performing ora/sexual positions on chairs, modeling, mis-counting correctly, and overall just a very fun show to attend! If you haven't seen Anthony Cools yet, you better make sure you do the next time you're there.
5	I have to agree with Jeremy M - Anthony Cooks is f-ing hilarious! I was laughing so hard my mascara was running! It's not your typical hypnotise show - its very much tailored to ADULTS and all its raunchiness! I definitely recommend catching Anthony Cools - get the reg tix $53? (sorry Anthony) cause if you're lucky enough, the little 'school girl' will hook you up and seat you up front like they did for my bf and I ^_^.
4	Outstanding!  This is great fun.  Anthony Cools is thoroughly personable and a consummate entertainer.  He treats his subjects with respect and care . . . yes, even though he runs them through truly embarassing hurdles.  (You'll have to see for yourself what I mean.)  As the audience, and therefore the 'cast', changes constantly, the show is always fresh and new.  I look forward to seeing this again!
5	Be prepared to laugh for 1 1/2 hours.  A VERY good time.
5	I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard. I was actually hoarse after seeing this show. Anthony Cools is a funny guy with great stage presence, but it really was the audience members who volunteered to be hypnotized that really made the show. Anthony Cools performs in a pretty small, intimate theater. We got our VIP tickets half off at Bill's that morning, and they ended up being about $45/each.The show *is* a bit raunchy so I definitely wouldn't recommend it for everyone. Go with a group of friends, have a few drinks, and be prepared to laugh your asses off.
3	Cools' show is definitely entertaining, often amusing, and very adult-oriented!  It would be quite hilarious if you or a friend you came with went up on stage to participate.  Otherwise, you are simply a voyeur to the naughty antics he has "his victims" perform.   Good show if you are looking for a few laughs and Anthony Cools' himself is a likeable, professional and poised performer.One negative for me was how they cram you into uncomfortable chairs in rows situated so close to one another that you have to walk sideways to reach your seat -- when the row is empty!  If others are already seated, then everybody has to stand up in order for anyone to get by.  So ridiculous.  The chairs need more padding to avoid doing the "butt rhumba" for the last 1/2 hour of the show as you try to find a comfortable position.   I've got plenty of my own padding, but even that didn't suffice. Recommended mainly for drunk frat boys and girls night out groups.
5	I attended Anthony Cool's show years ago and it's still a very, very fond memory! I had no expectations going into the show and i was totally sober and I don't consider myself having a great sense of humor, but I laughed my ass off. The next day I felt like I had been hit by a truck. My stomach was in knots and my face felt like it had been ripped off; all from laughing so uncontrollably! My friend suggested we go back again on the second day but I really would have had to be carted to the hospital. My body would not have survived cause I never use those laugh muscles and they were super sore! You will be totally embarrassed for everyone on stage. You will be shocked. You will be reminiscing about the show for days to come. This show was the best part of Vegas for me! I always tell my friends to go see the show but  for some reason they never make it. This is the best advice I can possibly give - GO SEE THE SHOW!
4	Anthony Cools is an awesome comedian. I had last seen his show about 10 yrs ago. His Vegas show appears to be the best parts with little change. It's still a good time -- worth the 1/2 price tickets -- but his bar shows were longer and better. Still recommended though.
5	I've seen the show six times now, and loved them all.  When people come to town, I always take them there.  Anthony, you never disappoint.
4	As many have said .. very adult orientated .. pretty funny stuff .. the only thing that stopped me from giving it 5 stars was there were 3 or 4 obviously faking their hypnosis and he kept them on stage for the show regardless.Sex with chairs .. orgasms with only a handshake?  Yup, you'll see it ..Was worth the price of admission, especially with our 2 for 1 ..
3	Went here for a friend's birthday celebration. I knew what was to be expected from the show, hypnosis with a lot of sexual notes. I wasn't sure how funny I was going to think it all was, but I was pleasantly surprised. People humping chairs/each other, having an orgasm with just a touch, forgetting how many boobs one has... it did keep me entertained. Probably more so, because I had a couple friends on stage as volunteers. Would I have found it as hilarious if they weren't on there? Probably not.  Seating is kind of cramped, and there's really nothing much you can do if you get stuck behind someone ridiculously tall. And of course, you have the fakers that get on stage, and kind of ruin the fun for everyone, because they are obviously faking it.I bought tickets to the show with a dinner package, that involved eating at Le Provencal, which is also located within Paris. Would I see this show again? Definitely. Would I pay for tickets to this show outside of a package deal? Definitely not.
5	Let me start this review off by stating that I have seen more hypnotists than most people. When I was in college I booked the entertainment for my campus activities board Attended tons of conventions, and saw pretty much every twist on most of the standard acts.Now with that out of the way, I can honestly say Anthony Cools is without a doubt one of the best Hypnotists I've ever seen.We got to his show a little late, and missed the 3d opening; however we were there from the moment he took volunteers until he let us go.A large part of the show depends on the volunteers, and I can honestly say ours was a great group, more dudes than usual, but he worked the group perfectly.It's amazing what the power of suggestion can do. I won't get into too much detail, as it's probably best to see for your self (plus why spoil the fun).I will say this is by no means a family show, he does get dirty, nothing too horrible, but if you're against orgasms, dry humping, and other various shenanigans, this probably isn't the show for you.If you've aren't afraid of any of those, do yourself a favor and check this show out!!!
1	meh....must be me....seemed fake?????
5	The purpose of any comedy/hypnosis show is to make people laugh. That said, this show should get 5 stars plus. The first time I went to see this show was several years ago. I went with a foreign exchange student who spoke no English, a lawyer who never laughs, and a few other people. I convinced everyone to go, despite the pleas from the foreign exchange student who claimed he wouldn't get anything, and the lawyer who said he never went to a comedy show that made him laugh. My jaw hurt I was laughing and smiling so much. My stomach ached. Anthony is so funny I nearly fell out of my seat. The foreign exchange student told me "this guy is the funniest I have ever seen!" and understood all of the jokes. Chair antics are apparently universally understood. Even the lawyer was cracking up and said "Cools is wickedly funny." This show asks for volunteers. If you are shy- don't volunteer to be hypnotized! You can not be hypnotized if you don't want to, so I really don't buy the whole "I didn't want to go on stage... but I ended up on stage" argument. The show is also filmed, so, again, if you are shy, do not volunteer. I bought a DVD of the Best of Anthony Cools afterwards. The tshirts can be improved- in terms of the actually quality of the shirt and the slogans. I recommend this show to anyone that I know is going to Vegas and have probably got a good 20-30 people to go see it. And they all say the same thing- the show is extremely good. The second time I saw this show, less than 2 weeks ago, I went with a group where 2 people didn't speak English very well. Again, they really enjoyed the show. One of them almost got hypnotized! Overall, very good laughs. Some people don't like the 50-75 dollar tag for the show. Try tix4tonight for discounted tickets, and sometimes there is a deal in 24/7. If you go to Vegas, and only have money for 1 or 2 shows, this is a show you really want to see.
5	Incredible! Go see--- a must!!
4	Be forewarned, he is not a G rated hypnotist.  Anthony Cools show was great.  He was very clever in that while waiting for the show to start there is an interesting 3D movie playing on the screen behind the stage.  This is an R rated movie.  It was very funny at times so make sure you get there when the doors open as you will be entertained.This is a show that is truly dependent on audience participation.  The audience for the show I was at was probably on 65-75% full so I was concerned on how participation was going to be (I rather watch :)).  He had about 25 chairs on stage and 14 volunteers.  A few were thanked for their participation and asked to return to their seats as it was clear they were not "going under".  Once everyone that he felt were under were under the real fun began.  The things he relayed to the hypnotized were hilarious and very clever.  He plays to the personalities of all on stage and truly gets into them.  One funny thing that he did was with a guy named Mark.  Every time Anthony said his name Mark would do something (not going to tell you what he did you would need to see the show!).  Anthony was saying something was his trademark and I think it was unintentional, but he said Mark, and Mark did what he was commanded to do an Anthony was completely unaware until the audience was in hysterics.  Every show is different, it truly is dependent on who is willing to participate and willing to make a fool of themselves.  What happens here stays here, unless you buy the DVD of the performance ;)  This show is highly recommended!
5	This is a must see if you have even an inkling of a sense of humor, waiting in line outside the door you do not know what to expect and once you are seated and things kick off you will soon no longer be able to control yourself, the laughter will be purely uncontrollable. The theater is very small and intimate and I personally think this makes for a better show. Some of the things you can expect to see are as follows: 1. A hypnotist2. Lots of "Chairs" 3. things your grandma would turn away from ( well most of them at least)You didn't really think I was going to give away what will happen did you, I just recommend you go, and shut up when he asks for the audience to shut up and you will be in for a great show.
5	Don't think I've laughed so hard in a long time. LOVED this show!!
5	I laughed through this ENTIRE show... HILARIOUS! I took my brother here and this was his first Vegas show. He didn't expect much, but loved every minute of it. Beware: this isn't something for grandparents, church go-ers or people that are easily offended with no sense of humor... the show is extremely perverted, and has lots of cussing. In the beginning, they'll warn you that if your easily offended and don't like cussing then "get the fuck out" haha that was a great opening. It goes from playing an instrument to humping to chairs to jacking off beer bottles and having your best orgasms. There was an older lady that volunteered, and god bless her, she was SO funny! Takes alot of courage do something like that... especially the orgasm part. All you hear was "Oh, Oh god, Ohhh my god, Oh my god, Oh god, Ohh MY! Oh!" LMAO! Priceless! I imagine she could someones grandma, and I sure hope her grandkid wasn't in the audience hahah. When people ask me what shows are worth seeing, I'll gladly say that Anthony Cools would be my number one suggestion. I cant wait to see it again!
2	Two friends made it on stage which helped keep it interesting, but overall I would look for another hypnotist in Vegas. Yes this is real for those who think they are actors. It has been described to me as very strong suggestions you just choose to follow where normally you might have reservations. Some of the things friends did on stage they would never do even drunk in front of an audience.I guess I was expecting a longer show with a little more imagination on his part. Seems he has his routine down and just repeats nightly. I have seen a hypnotist before that changed the show in a major way each time he performed, not Cools. Not a bad show but I expected better in Vegas.
5	So we've all heard about hypnotists and I know there are skeptics but aside from if you believe or not, this is a great show filled with humor and some sexy ladies.  I must say I'm somewhat biased since I bought regular tickets but was upgraded to the front row which I thought was random but it was so my date could be an eye candy part of the show.  I love raunchy and inappropriate humor and if you do too then this is your show.  I do recommend that you may not want to watch this show with your parents or in-laws as it may be uncomfortable.  But if you're just going with friends and want something that keeps you laughing and gives you something to talk about the rest of the night then this is the show for you.
3	NEVER GIVES A DEAL .... It would be nice if he would let you purchase discount tickets every now and then. We bought a lot of materials after the show (including the DVD). They weren't willing to give ANY kind of break on the prices even though we were willing to spend so much money. He took off right away too after the show so we weren't even able to get him to sign the DVD. That part of it wasn't cool. THE HYPNOSIS WAS REAL ... People say he plants his own people in the audience, who knows, but he DOES have normal everyday people come up on stage as well. I know because my daughter was one of the people selected to go up on stage. She did stuff up there that she would have NEVER EVER done in front of me! It truly was hilarious and great laughs!
1	About as legit as a $3 bill. Gamble your ticket money.  Watch it on YouTube for free. Same routine every time. He is a smart guy -  gets away with ripping us all off.
4	While I was a skeptic about the whole hypnotist thing I ended up being pleasantly surprised. The show kicks off once you are sitting as you have music playing and a 3D screen on. Once everyone is seated the show begins with Anthony and his friend talking about the opening of the show. Since it is in 3D they have various things that are pretty cool like a Yo-Yo coming out in the audience.Once the actual show begins Anthony is introduced and then talks a little about hypnotists. After he goes over some ground rules he asks for volunteers. In my group eight of the ladies went up and five of them were kept up the whole show. Now he starts hypnotizing everyone on stage and asks that the audience in quiet. During this period people in the audience may become hypnotized as well.  We had one lady that was during our show and they brought her up on stage. Once he finds about eight people that are fully hypnotized the real show begins. I do not want to give much away but this part of the show is extremely funny and offers inappropriate humor. If you do not like foul language or humor then this show is not for you. The people on stage were told to various things like dance when they hear a certain song, forget there name, think their vagina is talking and everyone can hear it, and do sexually acts to chairs. I won't give anymore specifics away but I am definitely not a skeptic anymore especially after people I know where up there doing things they normally do not do. You can even buy the DVD after wards of the show for blackmail or just to humiliate the people you knew up there.
5	I have seen at least 3 other hypnotist shows and compared to those, this is the best so far. Unlike the other reviewers on here, I am not gonna give away any specific details. I think its stupid that these other reviewers give any kind of details because then you will be looking for it and your expectation is already gonna be high. All you really need to know is how it stacks up to other similar shows.  One thing for sure is that Anthony Cools pushes the envelope so far to point that you get paper cuts in places you didnt know you could get paper cuts. This show is designed for fun seekers, party goers, and all around easy going people. Lots of adult language and other things like vulgar hand gestures, sex acts, and just overall raunchiness is the main theme. Now with all that in mind, Mr. Cools actually keeps everything under control. He has obviously been doing this for a while. So for those that are curious or just want to let loose and have a good time, then this show is for you. Now how much you spend is entirely up to you. There are ways of getting tickets at different prices. From what I heard you can get 2 for 1 tickets, tix for tonight, and for me it was free. Well technically, since I live here in Vegas, I got the tix off of houseseats.com and im loving it. (shameless plug, houseseats are you reading this? LOL). In closing, I would recommend this show to anybody (18 and older of course!). I would definitley bring noobs thats for sure! And if you are the risk taker type, I strongly advise you to volunteer to be hypnotized. You will have fun, whether you like it or not!
5	Loved it!Anthony cools is a great show. Its definitely not for the faint of heart or the uptight. He can get pretty raunchy but he has great personality and is genuinely funny. I don't want to reveal too much but its a show worth seeing..
5	I am a full time hypnotist, my friends are hypnotists, in fact, one got me into the show by Cools generosity and willingness to advance the art of hypnosis.  Lots of people comment on how responsible or ethical a stage hypnotist really can be. Cools delivers his bawdy show after kiddie bed time (10:30 PM) in a Vegas On the Strip Hotel and casino (lots of loose slots and looser customers.) Yet he humbly informs the audience that he will help them get over any habit after the show should they volunteer.  My night was awesome.  He pulled from a very reluctant (drunk/stoned) crowd a full stage of sober performers.  Talented?  Unbelievably, believable and yes talented. Go see the show!
5	I loved the Anthony Cools show in Las Vegas.  Tickets were decently priced and he had us laughing from the get go.  Definitely for mature adults only; if you're up tight or don't have a sense of humor this show may not be for you.  It is certainly adults themed and raunchy, but that's what makes it fun.  Our favorite part was definitely when he had volunteers from the audience on stage for a hypnotist showing.  At times I laughed so hard I almost cried.
2	I have seen so many shows in Vegas and this one few steps down from all the shows that I have seen!!!The show room (it's a room with regular chairs!!!)If you get the VIP seat (Which is what I got) you will seat in front on a better chair (More padded) NOT WORTH the $75 I paid per ticket!!!!The show is very average, wasn't impressed much!There are so many good shows in vegas, spend your money on a cirque du soleil show, likw Mystere, O or Ka, Le Reve, Phantom, etc..., you will spend a bit more but you will get a Las Vegas SHOW!!!
1	I purchased front row tickets and when you get there they just seat you where ever they want. I did get a better quality of chair.  It turns out that I did not need to be front and center to see this terrible show.  I recently saw a Hypnotist show at the state fair that was much better than this guy.  In fact one of the people he pulled up to be hypnotized was one of his staff.   More than half of the people he supposedly hypnotized were excused during the show, so you were left with just a couple of people on the stage. This is definitely not worth the money.
5	My friends were in town and wanted to go to a least one good show; I gave them a list of options and they choose Anthony.  It was my first live hypnotist show and I have to say I was most impressed to see this done. DON'T BE AFRAID PLEASE VOLUNTEER; if you are lucky enough to be picked you will have a great story and DVD to show your friends back home. I don't remember ever laughing as hard as I did that night and I must say Anthony puts on a great show and does improv (handles whatever comes out of your mouth or physical action you try to perform) very well.  I won't ruin anything by listing the acts or stunts but trust me you want to see this show!
1	This show was such a sham. Nothing the guy asked the people on stage to do was remotely funny and the people on stage were clearly faking everything. Waste of time and money.
1	Do not waste your money.  This show was completely staged.  In addition, Cools appears bored performing the show.
1	Don't waste your money.  75 bucks to sit in a storage room, sorry "theatre", and see a staged show.  Way better shows elsewhere for your money.
5	If you're looking for a million dollar production, go see Cirque du Soleil. If you're looking for quality comedy, that everyone can enjoy, from grandma to grandson, then this is the show for you! I've seen this guy 3 times now, and he is excellent. Every audience is different, so every show is unique. It's a blast! Highly recommended!
4	I have been to Hypnotists before and Anthony Cools was way more entertaining and engaging than others. It may be because I'm older and like the raunchy stuff, but I honestly think the whole setup for this show is fun. I will be back and will volunteer!
5	I'm an AC addict.  I have seen him a dozen times. I have even gotten up on stage and have the DVD for proof. The most important thing to remember is that the audience is the show, the hypnotist is the MC in a way.  Anthony cools knows how to work a crowd and he always ends on a climax.    He is the real deal.  I have seen all the other hypnotist shows in Las Vegas and some were ok to good but this show is the best.
4	Seen this show more than a dozen times in the span on 3 years and its always fun :) naughty!!!
5	I  had my suspicion about a hypnotist show and though it might be staged.  This is until my friend volunteered at this show and doing all the unthinkable, crazy and funniest stuffs on the stage.  Anthony Cools is a hypnotist and an improve comedian.   We had 4 guys and 4 girls on the stage, and he was taking advantage on this set up and made the show very memorable.   I am sure I will not volunteer on this show, but I will encourage my friend, especially for those who celebrate  (birthday, bachelor party etc) to volunteer themselves.   We had so much fun and we bought the DVD so our friend will have to buy beer for us all his life.
5	Hubby and I had a great time would we go again......no but it is a show everyone should do once.
5	The wife and I gamble a fair amount.  In fact, that is what I do for a living.  Subsequently, we get a fair amount of free offers from casinos.  We were staying down at the Paris Hotel this past weekend (one of our favorite Vegas hotels) and had a number of shows we could get free tickets to.  We decided on Anthony Cools.  I had wanted to see him for years, but the wife wasn't overly anxious to do so.  Many years ago I was hypnotized in a nightclub show in Oklahoma City.  It was so much fun!  We were shown to our seats by a cute young girl dressed up in schoolgirl clothes.  I'm sure the men in the crowd were appeased with this!  I saw other older reviews that complained about the seating and how close and tight it was.  We had NO problem with that, and I am 6*3" 240 pounds.  There were some very funny clips being shown on the LCD screens in the theater.  Well, to call it a theater is a stretch.  It is a room that has an elevated stage and enough room for 25 or so rows of chairs with a big aisle down the middle.  That's all Cools needs.  The show started with a request for volunteers to be hypnotized.  Much to our surprise, 12 people rushed the stage to volunteer.  Cools did preliminary work on the volunteers before eliminating all but 3 of them.  What turned out was one of the funniest shows we have seen in 15+ years of living in Vegas.  Cools did a great job in basically being the emcee.  The stars were the hypnotized people.While there are always going to be people who believe the show is a set-up, a scam, full of planted people.  I can tell you it isn't.  I've been hypnotized and I guarantee you it is all real.  This show was great!  We loved it and will be going back again soon.  We haven't laughed this hard since seeing the George Wallace show.  And, just like Wallace's show, every night is going to be different.
5	When my boyfriend first told me we were going to a hypnotist show I was very skeptical. I have seen one before and was not impressed but this show was nothing like the other one I had seen. Anthony Cools was a great show that had us laughing the entire time. The space is really personal and interactive. The audience members have to volunteer to be apart. My favorite part was he would get dirtier and funnier the louder the crowd got. I do not want to spoil any of the acts but they were all hilarious!!!!! This is definitely not a family friendly show but it is fairly priced and really entertaining! I definitely recommend going to this show.
3	I think it's possible we may have went to the show on a very off night. First of all he made it sound like the show generally has a ton of volunteers to be hypnotized and do weird things which I find very very difficult to believe. But tonight nobody wanted to volunteer to be hypnotized which I thought was pretty much probably what every person would think. I guess you want to watch but you don't want to actually do it yourself. So he had to offer people smoking cessation and weight loss hypnotizing if they volunteered to be hypnotized for the show. Which that sounds more like what you would have to do to get these people to go up there and do the things that he asked them to do which was to pretend to orgasm and have sex with a chair. I found it very hard to believe that these people were actually hypnotized.  I don't know I just thought the show was definitely funny at times but just a little odd.
4	Hysterically funny, but dependent on audience participation.  Definitely an adults only show.  Do not brings the kids.
2	The show is funny and entertaining.   However it is so obvious that they are all actors. Anyone who volunteers end up getting sent off stage because they "can't be hypnotized" and the others who appear to be from the audience are clearly actors. Still funny though!
3	Just came back home from the Anthony Cools show. I can tell you for sure, hypnotism is real. The reason why I gave 3 stars instead of 5 stars is because parts of it were a bit disturbing for me. People having orgasms on stage and performing imaginary sexual acts while being hypnotized. And then hypnotized to not regret what they have done on stage. Seems a bit violating to me.It is very funny. But I found myself questioning the morality of the entire thing at a certain point, and especially at the end.If you like sinful humor, go to this show. If you like to see absolutely crazy sh** , go to this show. If you need a raging orgasm, or want to see people having orgasms, go to this show (and volunteer to be on stage). If you have a strong moral compass, are religious, or extremely sensitive, do not go to this show.
