5	Checked this place out saturday and I was really impressed.  Lots of choices.  I've never seen so many dog food/treat options.  Much more the PetSmart or Petco.  They also had some interesting frozen food options.  I bought the frozen bone marrow bones and my dogs couldn't get enough.   They also do grooming, etc.
4	I LOVE this place! The grooming department is good. They are very friendly, very clean and very professional. I used to take my dog Bella to PetSmart groomers only for one specific groomer and ends up she moved to this location so I know they hire assocites that are great at what they do. The food selection for both dogs and cats is extensive and everything is very easy to find.
5	Pet Supply Plus has high quality dog food options with a great staff and price. We needed a kennel for our 1yr old English Setter, Scout, and the owner kindly helped us pick the perfect kennel. Overall, we will continue to only do business with Matt and the fine staff at Pet Supply Plus!
4	After a dinner at Panera across the street, I thought I would check this pet supplies store out.  Located in a recently remodeled/updated Carmel Commons, it was a clean and well-laid out store.I walked through the dog section to get to the cat items, and they seemed to have a LOT of dog stuff.  I did see some bulk-type treat dispensers for different types of dog treats, along with food, beds, collars, bowls, on and on.  The cat section was well stocked, including both the dry and canned food that I feed my furry child.  Regular everyday prices were comparable to PetSmart, and of course Pet Supplies Plus has a discount/rewards card you can apply for like everyone else has, where the prices would have been even lower.It did seem that Pet Supplies had a lot more holistic and natural types of food, treats and litter than your typical big box pet supply store would have, so I may be trying some of those when my cat runs out of her current stuff.   I feed her a high quality food, but she is getting a little fat in the tail like her mama, so "we" need to go on a diet.  They had a large selection of treats, including some natural/whole foods selections.  On the way out, I saw a couple of bunnies who were adorbs (BUNNEHS!!!), some birds, fish, rodents, etc.  A woman was asking a question of the staff about a particular type of food and the employee that she was talking to seemed to be knowledgeable of products and helpful, so that was nice to hear rather than a *shrug* from a teenager with a finger pointing off in the distance.  The young man that checked me out was very friendly as well.  I ended up with a toy and some treats for her highness, which she has enjoyed.  Neat store and I shall return.
5	I have been very happy with my experience here. The staff is knowledgable and friendly. I purchased their store-brand dog crate for my two  puppies and couldn't be happy with the quality (not something you can say about most dog crates).
5	I live in South Charlotte for some years but just found this store recently. Particularly liked their fish corner, they even carry salt water fish!  Not a lot of tanks but somehow they manage to fit a wide variety of fish in there.  Some of them I've never seen in typical big box pet stores.  The young man in charge of the fish department is very friendly and knowledgeable.  I've been there just a few times, supplies for cat and fish seem to be reasonable, quite a selection of items were on big discount with store card.  Regular prices for some fish, such as cichlids, are exceptional attractive.  I will definitely visit there often.
4	Love this locally owned pet store.  You can find just about everything you need. I started shopping there because they carried my Taste of the Wild brand dog food.  And they were super close to my new house.  The store is always really clean and the employees are super friendly - even offering to carry out my heavy bag of dog food for me!
5	This place is great. Always clean, nicely lit and fresh smelling(important for a pet store!) It is now my default pet store. Don't be fooled by the small size of the fish tank display - they have a constantly rotating stock of new and interesting species of freshwater fish and plants - enough to make any hobbiest drool! I check in almost every week to see whats new and I've been told by the helpful employees that if there is ever anything I want they don't have they can get it for me.They also have a wonderful selection of limited ingredient specialty foods for cat and dogs including some options that won't totally break the bank(which ia great when you have a big dog with unusual food allergies!)
5	I had a great experience at this pet store and grooming facility. As soon as I walked in the door with my dog I was greeted with a smile and great service. I was asked if I needed any help finding anything and was directed to the grooming facility at the back of the store after my dog got lots of attention. The ladies in the grooming facility are great and did a great job with my dog. When I went to pick up my dog she greeted me with cute pink bows on her ears! And they even sent her home with a bag of treats for being so well behaved! My dog looked and smelled clean and seemed happy when I picked her up. The grooming prices were very reasonable as well. I will definitely be back!
4	Have always had a positive experience.  Not the cheapest place but if something doesn't work you can take it back and the staff is eager to help find something that will help
5	This place is great!  I was out running errands and stopped in.  They had an adoption organization out front which was nice to see and seemed to draw a lot of people. The store was very clean and well organized and had way more products than I expected.  They have a much better selection than I've seen at thier competitors. The manager was very friendly and helpful when I asked her for dog food advice. I also noticed that they had some dog biscuits and other items discounted two months before they even expire! This was reassuring to know that they definitely pay attention to expiration dates and the quality of thier products.  I'll definitely be going back!!
5	I LOVE this store. I would most definitely choose it over the major national chains. The staff is SO friendly. And they have GREAT product knowledge. If they couldn't answer a question they will go above and beyond to figure out what you need to know. I used to live across the street from this store and since have moved about an hour away, I will make the trip to buy what I need from here just because they have great prices and a friendly staff.
5	This was the best haircut my Westie has ever had! These people truly love dogs and you can tell that they really love their jobs! That makes a difference. I feel comfortable and safe leaving my best buddy there for his spa day. He drags me in so I know he feels safe too. He is always happy when I pick him up. Thank you! You can't do any better than Pet Supplies Plus for grooming!
1	If I could give no stars I would. I have had my fish tank(60 gallons) for over 2 years and decided to add a few plants which I picked up from this place. The last time I have added fish was close to a year ago.... We'll add the plants and end up with ich. I have lost half of my fish might just be three but really!? Don't give me the line it was in the tank because that is bs. Do not buy fish period from this place. Thank goodness I thought better of it and did not buy the discus fish.
