5	omg i cant believe i am the 1st to rate!this place is good as hell and it is in the main chinatown mall! it is actually inside the mall!!!! its a little closed off section in the middle. super good and super cheep.everything i have had here is good... some of my favorites aretaiwanese beef noodleshanghai lo siu (beancurd w pork)pan fried spinach w/ garlicxiao long baoyumm!!! everything ive had here is good tho... good to eat lunch!
2	If I'm correct, this is the open restaurant in the middle of the small mall in Chinatown. It's kind of an odd setup. Anyway, I think you'll want to skip this one and go ahead and eat at Sam Woo BBQ in the same plaza. The plates had traces of oil and I spotted a few dried up particles of food in the bowls. The food was just ok. I can't really remember what I had, which might be saying something...I do recall some tasty string beans and nice servers.
5	Yummy to the tummy.. Environment looks like a hole in the wall, but it's the food that count.I got the yummy noddle, the big bowl of hot and sour soup that fed 3 for $1.00 DoLLA!! yAY! I will post some pictures soon.
2	It's christmas eve, definitely crowded everywhere but there is no organization to this place whatsoever. Just crowd by the entrance to get a table: no waiting list. Bring your own utensils because there definitely aren't enough and when they bring it to you it's six plates instead of four. The best part is that the two tables that came after us and ordered after us got their food first. The wait for food is usually pretty quick. 5 min or so. After a couple adamant requests to check on the food they tell us that the order was lost. Woot! Tip: work on your organization skills first. They gave us a free app to make up for the mistake but when you're super hungry, it doesn't really make up for anything. I was quite underwhelmed with the food. It was decent but nothing special. I get that you're busy. One of the waiters was running around like a chicken with his head cut off and was sweating profusely. I give him +1 star for the effort. However, busy is still not an excuse for lack of organization and forgetfulness. Yes, this is my rant. Don't come when it's busy.
4	This place is hit or miss. Sometimes the food can be superb and sometimes it could be just average. I do have to say that I do come here every now and then for my Taiwanese food fix. My usual suspects as far as dishes ordered here are the 3 cup chicken, braised fish, pork with chives and bean curd, various cold dishes and noodle dishes. Not a bad spot to eat usually.
2	This is solely for the review of the boba. I only got the boba here because I've mistaken it for No 1 Boba which is across from here. There are 3 boba shops that serve boba in Chinatown plaza alone. Its one of those things you get what you pay for. $2.50 for a medium drink is cheap, but I still feel ripped off. I couldn't get boba because they ran out. The coconut was just okay. Could have been worst. The main issue is close to half my drink has ice left. I know its only $2.50, but loading it up with chunks of ice just makes you feel you're getting ripped off.You have Volcano Tea and Tea Station within a couple of yards away. There shouldn't be any reason to come here for boba.
3	I like this place simply because it is oddly placed and very underrated. I also love the fact that they are open late, at least from what I remember! Until 2am, I believe.My boyfriend and I used to frequent this place so much in the late night, that the the cook, who doesn't speak much English, actually recognized us the last time we were there and gave us a free ice cream dessert!! It was especially sweet of him to do that!The food is always very good! I can't say if it is authentic or not, but the flavors are just right! I would definitely recommend the spicy eggplant, and the spinach and garlic. The fried rice and noodles are not bad, either!Decent prices and decent service! They're alright with me!
3	I was sucked into this place because it was 109 degrees outside and there was a "buy one get one free milk tea boba or thai ice tea" sign calling my name. The thai ice tea and the milk tea boba was refreshing! I couldn't tell if it was seriously THAT good or if I was just THAT thirsty. But either way, great job with the boba! We ended up eating dinner here. Ordered four dishes with decent portions. No big complaints on the taste factor. I was way more satisfied with food portions, price and taste of the food here than at Sam Woo (which was a complete rip off!). I still feel like there are probably better Chinese places in Vegas than this place or Sam Woo...but I would probably have to be a local to know where those places are. In the meantime, if you are deciding between Sam Woo and this place, I would totally come here!!
