5	I found this company on Superpages.com where they had 5 stars. They provided the very best pool cleaning bid for our HOA and included more frequent services than the other companies who bid. This is a family business. The mother, Sheila works the office. She responds quickly by phone or email.I loved dealing with her. She's professional and detail oriented. This is a reliable small business that really cares about their work!
5	I highly recommend S.O.S. Pool Rescue & Home Services! I don't write reviews often; however, the Owner, Sheila is outstanding. She provides excellent advice for all your pool-related needs. She will even provide helpful advice and referrals for areas that her pool company does not specialize in. S.O.S. went above and beyond with their customer service and follow through. Thank you Sheila!
5	Had some serious issues with my pool earlier this year. Called 3 company's to come and look at it and only one actually answered the phone. So shiela and I discussed cost and schedule. They were able to make it out quickly and get the process of making my pool blue again. They have done an amazing job and any time I have questions they are always available to answer my questions. I have referred them to everybody I know and would highly suggest issuing them if your looking for an honest company that actually cares about your pool.
5	When I bought my house they were already taking care of the pool.Everyone who comes to visit compliments the maintenance of my swimming pool.They are very responsive, professional and friendly!Thank you guys
5	SOS is locally owned pool service provider in Arizona.  I personally use them for my rental property, my personal pool and refer them to my real estate clients.  They provide competitive pricing and great service.  They are friendly and easy to work with.If you need a company that does quality work call SOS.
5	When it comes to the understanding of why small, locally owned businesses are wonderful, SOS Pools epitomizes those fantastic traits.When I moved in to my house 2 years ago, Sheila and Kirby helped me revitalize and renew my newly acquired pebble-tech pool. Sheila was amazing with her communication and willingness to work with my schedule. Kirby is really cool, down to earth, knowledgable, and great to work with. He not only wants the best for you, but wants the best for your wallet, too. They are not looking to take all of your money. They just want to help rectify your needs.So, that was 2 years ago....Just today, I called Sheila out of nowhere, 2 years later, and the response I got when she picked up the phone was, "Hi Matt! How have you been?"....2 years later....I needed help with my pool pump, and both Sheila and Kirby called me separately to help guide me through my problem over the phone.If this isn't something that shows trust and care for the customer, I don't know what does.Thank you guys for being pretty darn great as people, and as business owners.
