4	We just enjoyed a great "clam bake" on the house! Andoille sausage (sp?), shrimp, clams, bread, corn on the cob, and different sauces. We were (see my review) at the Matthews Library, in the middle of town  and were "drawn" into the tavern for a beer. What a great surprise! I guess they do this before winter hits.
4	What in the world is a Boston bar doing in these parts? Just went over here for the bar after some Thai across the street.  Bartenders are nice and even come around to your table.  A couple guys on guitar rocked it out and were surprisingly not bad; rocking out the 90s tunes.  Met a few interesting characters roaming around, like the really old guy who yelled "Just shut up and give me my drink" extremely loud and seriously to the bartender.  A cultural experience.  After I have no idea how many rounds I someone else closed my tab out for me so I had a minor panic attack the next day wondering what the damage was; logging in to online I banking I was delighted to see the smallest tab I've ever had for that many drinks.  I'm liking this town already.  I still don't get the Boston thing though.
4	A few friends (who waitress here) recommended me to Beantown and I was happily surprised.  Normally, you wouldn't find me in a bar full of Patriots fans, but this Boston themed bar had a good feel.  The owner, Donnie, actually approached my group of friends and asked us how everything was and if we were enjoying ourselves.  Of course I was!  There was a live band covering old soul jams like Curtis Mayfield and Isley Brothers and doing a damn good job at it too!  I chatted with the band members during a set break and they explained that they were also in a gospel group together and then cordially invited me to join them for service at Ebenezer Baptist Church that Sunday.I enjoyed the diversity of the crowd, old and young alike.  That is except for the fourty-something year old that had one too many Budweisers and a taste for younger men.  It was hilarious nonetheless and I will definitely visit again.
4	I've landed at Beantown a few times, always kind of by accident. I can't say that I'd ever go there on purpose, as there's not much that stands out about the place to me...but it's never let me down as a good, old bar.I tried to see the symphony in the park in Matthews earlier this summer, and it started to rain before the show started. The friends I was with decided to try to wait it out at Beantown. We drank coffee at the bar and chatted until the weather made a firm decision in the rain direction. The servers are really nice, and the crowd is usually a little older. It's a weird older crowd, though...often quite drunk. I get the idea that it's the Matthews township's answer to the uptown yuppy bar. There's definitely a smaller town, lower key feeling here. The restaurant area is plenty big as well, so it's great for groups. I've been out with friends here a few times, and it's always pretty easy to get a large, roomy table. It's a great spot for watching ballgames if you must be subjected to such an activity...
4	Before getting a coupon for Beantown Tavern, I had never heard of it.  It's not someplace anyone in my circle has ever talked about.  After looking up their website online, we decided to give it a shot. We got there early on a Saturday evening and it was already packed.  We even had to park quite a distance away down the small "street."  Our wait thankfully wasn't too long; they have a lot of seating.   Being led into the restaurant and being seated, I looked around and thought, "Wow.  My dad would love this place."  He's a huge Boston Red Sox fan and that's who this restaurant is dedicated to.  Red Sox memorabilia covers the walls and there are TVs showing the games.  The menu took awhile to read.  It's pretty extensive.  There was page after page of sandwiches, salads, appetizers, entrees, pizzas, etc.  It's your traditional American fare, but a lot more choices than you see at other American restaurants.  The entrees (pasta, seafood, chicken, steak) seem a little on the highend for such a casual place, but the sandwiches and salads are very reasonably priced.  If you know me, you know I love spicy food, so naturally I went with the Buffalo Chicken sandwich.  It was spicy and gooey, dripping with hot sauce.  YUM.  The kids menu is pretty good here, too, and only about $3 a pop.  All in all, Beantown Tavern was a nice casual place to go and hang out with your family or friends.  We had good service, good food, and enjoyed it in a casual and fun atmosphere.  Plus, you could return many times and never get the same thing twice.  If you're a fan of baseball or miss your hometown of Boston, this is the place for you.
5	I love love love their food! Its delicious. They have a wide range of food and the price is well worth for the amount of food you get. When I was pregnant with my baby girl, this place was all I wanted! I've tried almost everything here except the pizzas and I was never disappointed... hmm I may go tomorrow! =]I really love the atmosphere at this place and the people are very friendly! Which is always a plus!
2	This place is a solid, "OK". The menu is way to extensive....nothing is really good...and, most of it looks like it was frozen and reheated.One visit we had to move tables because the air conditioner was leaking and dripping on our table....I really thought that was gross. At the bar you will discover most of the extras from the movie "The Departed"....except I don't think they are acting.... I think they are placing bets, or are bookies, I don't know, but it was pretty mafia looking to me.
4	Good food, good service and great game. Being from Boston I am a little bias towards a bar that let's me watch the Sox game when I am 1000 miles from home.  At first we where dissapointed in the lack of interest in the game, but by the end there was a decent amount of the crowd following the game.
5	This place rocks. I may be a little biased, because I am about to move to Boston. This restaurant is dedicated to the Red Sox. I found this while searching on Yelp for a new restaurant to try. The menu is huge, you can try some "authentic Boston food" if you'd like, but they also have other different things like hamburgers, ribs, and coconut shrimp. You'd probably find something you like even if you don't like seafood. The atmosphere is very nice, spacious but cozy at the same time. The people are nice and make you feel comfortable. It's a casual and laid-back place with several plasma TVs all around. My friends and I left when they started turning up the music at around 9pm, because I guess that's when the "bar life" wakes up. Fantastic hidden place in Matthews. I say give it a go!One last thing: their sweet tea is fantastic.
3	I was in Matthews for a weekend training and the group went here afterward to chow down. there were about 14 of us and we were sat immediately on a Saturday night. Impressive. The menu is pretty big, with all sorts of options. Feel like Chicken Parm? Got it covered. Hamburgers? Yup. Quahog? Check. (That's giant clam that's been stuffed btw. Ya learn something every day.) I went with a simple cheeseburger. Thrilled I could add bacon, but bummed no guacamole. No avocados in North Carolina apparently. So I should have ordered the calzone. It was giant and looked amazing. Unfortunately I was stuck with my burger that was dry and well done. And no bacon. Given that overall the waitress was not that attentive, I ignored it. To the waitress' credit, we were a fairly large party, and in general, sort of obnoxious. Pretty sure she didn't come by that often as she was afraid we'd order more drinks. I honestly didn't notice this was a Boston or Red Sox themed restaurant. Maybe cuz I'm not from Boston and have only visited once, I didn't' pick up on it? I guess I assumed it was a generic sport-bar/restaurant because of all the TVs. It was fun to watch the last few clutch seconds of the Kansas game on the big screen. Until they lost. Totally F-d my bracket. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food and drink and it was a pleasant experience overall. It was all moderately priced and the environment definitely suited a group. Nothing stellar, but nothing awful either, again a nice variety at a good value, perfect if you need to feed several.
1	Not going back. It's the cleanliness of the place that still haunts me. 5/15/2010 i sat on the patio. When you enter there are 2 lamps on the brick wall outside..one is totally busted. There are 3 ceiling fans on the patio that do not work. (one didn't even have the hardware attached just dangling cords.) Instead there was a floor fan on the bar. There were FLIES everywhere!!! I had to sacrifice half a beer because one went in and drowned...i barely noticed this!!! Not one bit of this review has anything to do with food...but everything to do with maintenance and impression. The tables and chairs were just dirty. I enjoy sitting outside, and i can name many places that are clean even outside...this is unacceptable for me. I wish i had taken pictures...it was surprisingly dirty as compared to last year.
4	Large menu, small bar area but the owner really seems to appreciate his patrons.  Yesterday was their 5yr anniversary and EVERYTHING was 1/2 off.  That included adult beverages.  At one point, he even bought everyone a shot of their choice.To piggy back off of my first review, I was here Super Bowl afternoon, they had free roasted pig for the patrons with fixins for as long as it lasted. I also witnessed the owner drive a drunk customer home and then walk back. Got to appreciate owners who take care of their clientele.
3	So service was good.  Extensive menu.  Nice Bar area.  French Dip had excellent flavor but the meat was a little dry.  Love the thick fries!  Would come again!
3	Really want to give this place more stars since it's in Matthews (plus+) and has a lot of potential.  Great location, extensive menu, and good food... it was just the service that really brought it down for me.  The servers and hostess are in regular clothes so it feel like they just rolled out of bed and it was hard to distinguish who was there to eat and who was working.  Our server, though pretty nice, took FOREVER to get to us.... granted we had the time to spare, but when you find yourself staring at a wall mural for a good 10min when you are ready to order... doesn't really put me in a good mood.The bar looks like a fun place to hang out and watch games at... there is also a nice patio that we couldn't help but notice since we were seated right near the door and a rush of humid sticky air would rush in every time the door opened and closed.  Great thing the people on the patio were drinking profusely and had to frequent the bathroom more times than a normal person....I'll definitely give this place another try since my roasted chicken ravioli really saved the day in taste and filling-ness.
4	Enjoyed my first meal there and it was really good. Started with the jalapeno poppers stuffed with cheddar and fired pickles. Both were very good. The cheese in the poppers were stuffed with sharp cheddar which was a nice change from cream cheese. The night's special was fried chicken with real mash potatoes, green beans and gravy. All really good, and I had so much that I had to bring some home. All for $7.95. Their menu is vast though, with lots of sandwiches and appetizers. I would recommend it and plan on going back.
4	Beantown is your typical dive bar.  We enjoy going there, but it gets 4 from me.  Really should be more a 3 or 3.5, but we've gone too many times.  Usually busy on weekends. Interesting people watching.  Its not NY which is a huge plus. The food is average to even some below average, but good times and usually a band.
5	Great place to watch the game. Yummy hamburgers and a fun atmosphere.  They also have some fab. live entertainment on the weekends and a nice patio.
3	This place serves up typical bar food and on my 2 visits, we had decent service.   If you happen to be in the neighborhood and are looking to grab a cold beer and a bite to eat, this is a pretty safe bet. Their menu is quite extensive and there is literally something on there for everyone.  If you are watching your budget, they have plenty of good options under $10. On my first visit, I decided to have a quesdilla (appetizer menu $9.95 w/chicken).  It was just fine - nothing out of the ordinary, but solid.  On my next visit I decided to go for the Salad with Ahi Tuna (also $9.95).  Again, it was good. I like the bar - it definitely has the feel of a typical tavern, and I suspect that if you're a sports fan, this is a great place to hang out and watch your fav game.
3	Make that 3 1/2 starts with judicious choosingTo start with I decided to try this place out of pure perversion. I had just had some disappointing Marsala chicken at Fontanella and lousy Pork Marsala at Carrabas. So why not try it at a Boston pub? Ok the chicken breast was just meh, they don't know how to bread it and bake it like Fontanella does and the Marsala sauce was thin and again I could not taste prosciutto .... but the sauce tasted of Marsala wine and of Porcini mushrooms something that both previous eateries  failed at. Shame on them. The grilled fish is generous but ... not so great. Sorry. But blackened fish works fine, it's lightly blackened and doesn't overpower the taste of the fish. The cole slaw is delish, why serve such tiny portions?? It's just cabbage folks. The onion soup is very very good. Like most everywhere else they need to learn that the proper way to prepare it is with a large piece of French bread toasted first, then floating on top to present the cheese to the broiler. Au gratin is not melted cheese floating about. Aside from that it was I said great. Burgers are pretty good although the chuck is a little greasy. Tuesday special is a half price rack of ribs with fries($10) Killer deal, the meat was moist and fall off the bone. The sauce didn't win any competitions but was perfectly suitable for the job. Not sure if it was Wednesday but the special was pulled pork with beans for $7,95 and again it was really good and plentiful both.For my money I'll pass on the more expensive dishes but if you KISS it's will be hard to go wrong. Given a choice I'd chose Tavern on the tracks but it's at the other end of town. Everything considered I'm happy having this joint as a neighborhood option.
3	A-OK.  Please have better beer selection, that's my biggest gripe for a place labeled 'Tavern'.  The food was ok, nothing great.  Typical bar food grub.  My girlfriend ordered macaroni cheese and it was literally out of a Kraft box.  Her buffalo chicken though was pretty good, I must admit.I'd come back simply because it seems like a good comfy spot to watch a game or two.  Good friendly service too.
2	The food is good. I assume it's a good place to grab a couple of drinks and a few burgers. I went with my family (4 adults and 2 toddlers). We all enjoyed the food, but my issue was with the service. Slow is not the word to best describe it. The waitress, hostess and server were all the same woman. We went Sunday at 3 pm and it wasn't overly busy; however, you would think she was serving a party of 50 all by herself. We never got our appetizers. She didn't respond to requests for drinks. When she did, drinks took FOREVER. I've been wanting to try this place for quite a long time, but it will be a while before I go back.
3	Fun place to hangout and drink beer.
2	I am from the Caribbean so my food has to taste seasoned.  The ribs were cooked to perfection however they did not taste seasoned! I am tempted to season some ribs and take it back to the chef and have them prepare it.  Then it would be perfect!
5	We ran into this place yesterday and we were really happy to find it!  It's a cute pub and they have live music on Saturdays.  We got some beers and wings.  The wings were delicious and the service was great as well.
2	small and noisy
2	Needs more Boston sports memorabilia!  That was a pretty half-hearted attempt.  A bit of '04 World Series stuff, but they really could stand to put a little more effort into it.  They don't need a mini Green Monster or their own parquet floor ... but would a Tom Brady jersey or Bobby Orr sweater really be that difficult to put up on the wall?Decent bar menu, okay selection of beers (nothing special on either account, but if you can't find something that works you're being too picky, considering you walked into a tavern).  Service was friendly.
4	I go here for lunch sometimes. I would probably not go for dinner because I get the impression it has a really "bar" atmosphere which I'm not into. For someone who IS into a bar atmosphere I think you should at least try it. I go for lunch with my teen daughter & always get the patty melt with sweet potato fries. I was only disappointed once in the fries. They serve Bushmills whisky which can be hard to come by because a lot of places would rather serve mediocre whisky. Donnie the owner is awesome, very friendly, and donates to worthy local causes. I see a lot of people seem to be commenting on the decor. My top priority is good food, not whether some place has top notch decor. Personally, I think the decor is fine. The waitress is always friendly too.
3	Decent place to grab a drink and watch a game. Drink specials every night. The bartender was friendly and after a few rounds, attentive. My husband got a burger and I got a chicken sandwich, both meals were average but definitely on the expensive side. The beer selection is poor and they have no local brews on draft, that was disappointing. Great place to people watch especially when there is karaoke going on. The highlight of my evening! We will go back to have a few beers and watch the karaoke peeps but will eat elsewhere.
1	Food is awful and recently got busted for gambling in restaurant where they were gambling on where a pigeon would poop in the restaurant. Stay away
1	Awful service.  We went on a Sunday afternoon when the place was more than half empty.  Our table was dirty.  Waitress gave it a quick swipe, told her to clean it better.  We ordered two burgers, medium, one BBQ sandwich and one crab cake sandwich.  We waited over 20 minutes for the food, while watching the cook chatting with the waitress.  Both burgers came out well done and the sweet potato fries were burned.  We returned one burger (daughter was too hungry to wait for another) and then had to wait another 10 minutes for the new burger, which was still well done. Husband ate it anyway because at this point he was very hungry.   Apparently cook doesn't know how to cook anything else. When we complained to the waitress her answer was: I don't know what to tell you.  What would you like me to do?  My answer: I'd like to speak to manager.  Her answer: well, he's on vacation.  The bartender is running the place today. Well that explained a lot.  Will not be returning again.
4	I have had dinner here once...the very first night I moved to town, and was impressed with the burger that I ordered, along with the evening waitress that we had.  I have been one other time for drinks & karaoke was going on at the same time...so entertainment was free! Great place to watch a game, but would suggest better beer selection.
1	Because this is just who I am -- My first problem with this place was the rah-rah Red Sox BS everywhere.If we're being serious though? I've only been there when they've had live music and it was just too weird (the crowds and the whole problem with it being WAY too loud inside because it is such a small venue). The crowd is nothing special and now that it's getting cold, being stuck out on the "patio" to smoke sucks. There are definitely better bars around!
4	The pizza is awesome, the chicken fingers are meh.. Too small of an order to be satisfied, just FYI for all you fat bodies out there.  Waitresses are ALWAYS nice as can be and damn hot!  Every time I go there there's just hot waitresses everywhere and they're fast too.  Bartenders are great, quick.  All around decent little joint..
1	Our waitress simply seemed annoyed that we were there. We were a party of eight, so I can see how that would be difficult, but perhaps a smile?In the bathroom, the statement, "Blacks have rights...?" Um...not sure WHAT that's about.The food is...bar food. My expectations weren't high as bar food tends to be bar food...but how do you overcook frozen mini-corn dogs? Seriously.Friend got a cheezeburger and said it was good. I will do my best to not frequent this establishment.
2	The food and prices are mediocre however, the service is horrendous. Everyone who works there is either talking to each other or on their cell phones while ignoring you the whole time. The food almost always takes about 30 minutes to come out and is cold or not cooked properly.  Managers don't care about their customers and I've seen some questionable things in regard to sanitation.
5	If you come before 6pm, the appetizers are half off; however, when there is live entertainment, it's better to come later! All the wait staff is great and extremely welcoming! They all know my almost 2 yr old by name and make sure to come by to say hi. This is a place where everyone knows your name! We love it and frequent it weekly. Just come once, I promise you won't regret it!
3	I went here for the first time today.  Thought the food was okay.  Nothing really special, but it was $5 for a burger on Sunday, so that is a good value.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Will definitely give it another try.
4	Go on Tues night.  Full slab of fall off the bone baby back ribs.  Two sides.  A salad.    Wait for it......ten bucks.    Was very good and well worth the price.  Decent beer list decent apps list.   Would go back.  Fun place.
1	Wow, band start and our server left twenty minutes later.  If you want quality food and any service, AVOID.  You want a bar that is under staffed and has holes in the restroom walls, this is your spot.  Band was great
2	Took a friend here thinking they could get a black & tan since it's a tavern, but they didn't have them.  I had a burger.  Nothing to write home about, nothing to make me go back.
4	I always get the patty melt & sweet potato fries. Good patty melt but inconsistent sp fries. Friendly service. The owner is a big community supporter so I will keep supporting him.
2	Pro: downtown Matthews, tons of TVs with as many different games on, good variety of eatsCons: porch is for smokers and non, so non smokers either suffer or stay indoors; food quality is meh - basic bar food; inside needs a serious scrub down
1	Literally the worst place I've been to in Charlotte. Save your time and money.  It took over AN HOUR to get our food from our Princess waitress. Like other reviews said, you get the impression that you are bothering the waitstaff.  By far the worst waitstaff I've encountered. This place simply doesn't have ANY management oversight. If I could give it zero stars I would!
3	We typically come to Beantown Tavern every week. We know a couple of the servers, if they aren't there than the second isn't good at all. Overall the food is good. Beer, your usual domestic and a couple imports, no real craft selection. The building is rundown and could you maintenance for sure. They have plenty of TVs for your sports viewing and over if you need a place to dunno and hang out. Beantown is your spot.
3	Another of the (seemingly endless) places tucked back into Matthews Station, this one is something of a sports bar/casual dining establishment., and to say that there isn't anything fancy about the place is a stretch. It's almost as if they just ran out of money when moving in so they stopped decorating. Heck, it looks as if they just stopped finishing the walls.That said, the staff is generally welcoming, and the menu has some solid variety, but they are a bit on the slow side. Once delivered, however, the food was reasonable, but nothing stellar. Don't know if it is worth another visit or particularly memorable, however.
2	Decided to stop in and try Beantown on a Friday night. It's a casual sports bar. When we walked in, the hostess was gone and we didn't know if it was seat yourself or not. She eventually showed up and led us to our table. The server was polite but didn't know the beer menu that well (wasn't sure if they had PBR) a pretty common beverage don't ya think? The one good thing about the place is the food wasn't half bad, I built my own calzone which starts out at 10 dollars and 1.50 for each topping, a bit pricey for a plate of dough. At least it came out hot and it wasn't bad.This place gets two stars because of the bad service. It wasn't crowded (for a Friday!) and our server just disappeared after our food came out. Saw her texting and just wasting time with other servers. It took about 15 minutes to get our check. When we eventually left, I spotted the hostess on the patio talking to a guy and not doing her job. Seems like the place needs better management. Won't be going back.
