5	When a friend asked me to meet her at The Spotted Donkey, I had no idea what to expect.  It had just recently opened, and the name (although intriguing) didn't necessarily solicit mouthwatering images.  However, I was fantastically surprised to find that this place is one of the newer hidden gems in Scottsdale!  The ambiance and decor are fun and interesting, there's lots of seating, and their patio area is awesome!  Hidden in a shopping strip mall, you'd never guess from the outside that an oasis of fabulous food and drink awaited you right behind those dark paned doors.I sampled several of their specialty margaritas and other concoctions, and all were delicious, but my all time favorite was the Blood Orange Margarita.  The food was also great (tried the calamari, guacamole, quesadilla, and queso dip), and the staff was friendly and helpful.My favorite part about this place is their devotion to happy hour (almost as great as mine).  They offer hh every day of the week, and on the weekends, it is offered from opening (at 11am) until 6pm.  It's the perfect place to spend an afternoon!  I will definitely be going there again soon!
3	I am a firm believer that if you're going to Yelp than you should give a place at least a second shot but I'm breaking my own rule here...but we most definitely will go back again for good measure. If not for our friendly, amusing and just plain cool server, Allison, we may not have continued to wait for our long-over-due main course...a single entree of 2 quite delicious enchilada, of which we shared. Appetizer of queso dip was....well...not the usual queso.  Thick and creamy, the concept was good, but it lacked that little kick that, in my opinion, makes queso, queso. It took a long time for our main entree to come out of the kitchen...and if I had to guess it's because the kitchen seemed tiny compared to the mass amounts of guests this place could accommodate leaving the kitchen "in the weeds" as industry people say.  Until I go back and this place can get my food out w/in a reasonable 20 mins or less, I'm sticking w/ 3 stars. Just don't go on a Saturday night. This place opened 4 weeks ago and I think they need more time to figure it all out. Next visit...Happy Hour.
5	I just went to the newest Spotted Donkey Cantina on Hayden and was so impressed with the food & ambiance!  The decor and lighting is aboslutley fantastic, and the restaurant is very versatile as it offers a bar/nightlife scene but also a dining atmosphere and two outdoor patios.  The food's presentation was exquisite and I am SERIOUSLY in love with the stuffed peppers!  Literally the best I've ever tasted!  They are filled with pork, cheddar-jack cheese, spanish rice in a tomato basil sauce.  And, the shrimp ceviche was also incredible--- very fresh and flavorful with fresh pineapple and avocado!  To boot, their margaritas are very tasty offered in lime, blood orange (the best!), prickly pear, mango and strawberry flavors!  Needeless to say, this is a must go restaurant!  Can't wait to go back soon!
5	This is our third time to Spotted Donkey and it gets better each time!  The Stuffed Peppers are amazing!  Possibly the best I've ever had.  Not to mention the best Margaritas and Nachos in town!  Love the outdoor patio--especially the fireplace this time of year.  Coming back this week to check out the lunch menu.  So glad this restaurant opened in our neighborhood!  This is a "must go" place.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this restaurant!!!Where do I begin after dining in 3 times within a month??!! You want to know why I give this place 5 stars? O.K. here goes:The restaurant itself is beautifully put together. Upon your grand entrance you're instantly greeted with a hello and taken to your table. Service is friendly and unobtrusive. You really feel taken care of!The food is outstandingly delicious and addictive!  Enchiladas are YUMMY so is the Salmon tostada, and the cod baked in a banana leaf. The chimi is out of this world...just writing about it makes me hungry.It is truly a one-of-a-kind Mexican restaurant with high quality ingredients, great service, and beautifully presented plates!! Now go check this place out and see what I'm raving about!!!
5	We went to the Hayden location. What a beautiful place! Filled with Ambiance. The colors and decor were just amazing. It seats over 375 people. Even if they were crowded I don't imagine it being a long wait to get seated.  It had a decent selection of beers, not too many craft beers which is mostly what I drink, but it did have a Negro Modelo Dark and a Great White Hefeweizen, which is more than many Mexican/Spanish style cuisines, so that is more then enough for me. They also had many mixed drinks and Margaritas. The food was great and the service was very good as well. I ordered"*Cascabel-Chile Marinated Carne Asada ( medium rare) poblano chile escabeche, avocado-tomatillo sauce, black beans, spanish rice and flour tortillas $17.50"and my boyfriend ordered, "Enchiladas with mexican beer braised beef, cheddar and new mexican hatch green chile, with chimayo red and green chile sauces, Spanish rice, guacamole and sour cream $14.00" ,which were both very good. It makes for a nice date night. We will definitely be back.
5	Spotted Donkey....you have redeemed yourself in my mind.  After a very mediocre visit with poor service...I promised myself to return to give you a chance at redemption.And you succeeded!   I ordered the queso,,,yummy,,,and the bread with it is delicious!   An a beef enchilada which was very substantial and so favorful!   Nice job!
5	Really good margs, guac, & enchiladas...And, I am hard to please.  Bario Cafe has some competition, and without the limited seating-wait!  Did I mentions REALLY good guac?!!!...Not that whipped-up garbage that most places 'call' guac.!
5	I originally saw the Spotted Donkey some time ago and thought they were out of business. It seems that they were just taking their time opening it to make sure everything was right. And they nailed it. When I first went in I wandered around and checked out the dining area, the lounge and the patios. All very impressive.  The only thing that struck me rather odd was the order pick up counter in the dining area did not seem to fit with the rest of the decor.  But the dining area also extends into the bar area, and if you sit there, you do not seem to notice it as much.I first stopped for Happy Hour - and what a great Happy Hour. Draft and bottle beer - $3.00, appetizers for $4.00, and well drinks and frozen Margaritas $5.00.  I tried several of the "lite bites" including the Cinco Queso Dip, the guacamole, and the Taquitos - all were delicious. And, of course, they have Dos Equis Amber on tap which is a great plus.I returned for dinner several nights later, and it was just as good.  They have an eclectic menu with a variety of standard Mexican dishes with slightly different ingredients in some to give them a different taste. Everything we tried was very good, and excellent blend of flavors, and hotness.The service was very friendly and attentive, from the hostess to our servers, to the bartenders. It was the little things they did that showed they wanted our visit to be a pleasurable experience. They do have several high definition TV's, and we asked that one of them be changed to watch a game we were interested in. They had no problem with doing that, and actually went out of the way to find the channel.  We had a baby with us, and everyone was very helpful and friendly in accommodating us. I also requested fresh chopped jalapeno to sprinkle on some of my dishes, and they actually had it and brought it with no questions asked, and no extra charge (which does not happen often).Although not as authentic as some of my favorite small Mexican restaurants, it is a great dining experience, and someplace that I can bring friends and visitors. The atmosphere and decor are rather trendy, but at the same time relaxing and comfortable. A great combination!!
5	Every time I go to AZ to visit my grandparents, we come to "The Donkey." And I love it! We always sit in the bar (gramps likes to watch the TVs). Everything is absolutely delicious. The Silver Coin Margarita is my go-to beverage. The Guacamole is delectable. This trip, I ordered the Donkey Chop Salad -- bacon, avocado, bleu cheese, cilantro, jalapeno ranch, tons and tons of goodies. And they make it right there for you!The shrimp appetizer is also incredible. (tip: just ask for the aioli and skip the jelly sauce). My brother always gets the Mac N' Cheese -- green chiles, bacon, cheese, macaroni, heaven.I've never had a bad dish here!
4	After driving up to Scottsdale to see the Roald Amundsen Railroad car used in FDR's funeral, I got out my trusty Droid and Yelped the area for restaurants. The Spotted Donkey's reviews caught my attention. How could I not like a place that has photos of donkeys and burros all over??The shrimp tacos for $13 were delicious and attractively presented on a long white plate. It looked beautiful. (photo included). HOWEVER, my partner said if she had to choose between this dish and La Salsa's Baja Shrimp Tacos, a lot less costly and just as tasty, she'd stick with La Salsa. The cheese enchiladas and salad with salsa/guacamole were outstanding. I was very full by the time I had polished THAT off.Only a couple observations: They charge you an extra $5 for salsa and chips. Wish they would include it with the meal.I was seated at a table that had a halogen spotlight that was boring down on me....all the while the AC was blowing cold air down on the table. I changed seats and all was well.Our servers were polite and attentive and overall, it was a very pleasant dining experience....just real different from what we love in South Tucson.
5	Muy bien Spotted Donkey! It was by chance that I realized they opened a second location much closer to my house and I couldn't wait to check it out and see if I could finally save gas and still get the same great food. The answer is yes, yes I can! Once you enter Spotted Donkey, you'd never realize you were actually in a strip mall off Hayden. It's cozy with dark wood and a Spanish feel and it's roomy so that you don't feel cramped and like you're on top of your neighbors. The lounge to the left houses several tvs and comfortable seating and the dining room to the right houses several tables for dining. I think this would be a perfect option to bring a large group. The food was excellent and absolutely up to par with the north location. They brought out chips with three different kinds of salsa. Be warned, have your water before you take a bite because if you are a sensitive sally like me when it comes to hot sauce, you will need a sip! For a meal, I went with the Fajitas. I wish I had shared because they were hearty and filling! The only thing that would have made the meal better is if it came with beans and rice, but they did get an extra point in my book for including guacamole with the meal without charging more or having to order it on the side. The traditional margarita was spot on and one I could find myself drinking one too many of. I think the Spotted Donkey is a great option for visiting to have a couple drinks on a weekend night in the lounge, or if you want to have a dinner for two or ten in the dining room. But before I go, I have to mention the only catch of the night. Not a catch enough to make me lower the five star rating, but one worth mentioning. We went there for a leisurely dinner and were definitely not in a rush. We lingered over the menu, ordered a drink and then ordered food. Literally 5-7 minutes after ordering the food, it came out...we literally were in and out in 40 minutes. So...if you are going for a casual lingering dining experience, take your time ordering because if it's anything like my visit the food will come out fast! However, if you need a quick dining experience without sacrificing your food quality, Spotted Donkey is...spot on!
5	Pros: superior service, delicious food, and very good margaritas.Cons: ? I can't think of anyThe Spotted Donkey is an amazing restaurant...from the greeting at the oversized door till we exited...WOW!
4	Upon walking into the Spotted Donkey one is welcomed by the warm,  upscale decor. The hostess asked it we would prefer the dining room or lounge, and since we didn't have a preference we were seated in the lounge. The chairs were large and pillowy; perfect for a cozy feast of Mexican fare. Chips and salsa did not grace the meal, but they were on the appetizer menu for around $6, as was guac for $9.50. I think the waiter would have been more attentive had we ordered drinks; the service was provided on circumstance (I say this because there were older couples and a table of women in their 20s who were showered with attention--I felt neglected before our food even came out).The food:  OUTSTANDING. I had the chicken fajitas--the sauce (oh my!) was uniquely delicious and addicting; I found myself scraping the cast iron skillet with every scrap of tortilla I had left. Fajitas were accompanied by fresh guacamole, salsa, sour cream and warm flour tortillas. My friend had the steak tacos. They were the perfect size, had just the right amount of cabbage for crunch and the beef had a nice smoky taste. The salsa and guac really pushed the flavors to perfection. All around a pleasant dining experience. I'm coming back for their late night happy hour menu!
4	Tanner was an excellent server and the Chimichanga's were very good.
5	So happy there is now a location by my house! Best Nachos in town with there large round tortilla chips covered in shredded pork, beans, cheese, and slices of fresh jalapeno. The Fajitas are amazing as well. If i had to describe there sausage/steak fajitas it's like fajitas combined with the best sausage and peppers from chicago combined and wrapped in tortillas. They have a slight sweetness to them which is refreshingly different then most fajitas in town. Couple that with great food, nice atmosphere and impeccable service and you have one of the best dining experience in Nor-Dale. (North Scottsdale)
5	Was down in AZ for the BCS National championship game, needed a place to eat dinner and Yelp didn't disappoint. Good atmosphere, great food, excellent service. At one point we had three people waiting on the two of us. One refreshing our chips and salsa, one toping off water and another delivering my margarita. Check this place out!
4	In 2011, I think I am going to be a bit more "tough" in my reviews.  So, consider this four star rating a very good rating.  After moving from Dallas, I have not adjusted well to the Mexican food of Phoenix.  Nothing matched the Tex-Mex (not surprising), and every place people told me to go seemed to lack flavor.  Well.... the Spotted Donkey hit the spot (hehe).  It is not Tex-Mex more Southwestern/Mexican but the really important fact is the food is delicious and full of flavor.  Margaritas are better than tasty.  The restaurant sophisticated but very comfortable with a back and front patio-- both with fireplaces.  We had the nachos as a appetizer at the recommendation of wise yelpers.... very good.  Prices here a very fair, it looks like happy hour is a great deal.  I look forward to another visit soon!
4	Anything BUT Tex-Mex!  Great Mexican dishes served as you never had them, with great Panache.  Great food served in a marvelous decor, hardly old Mexico.  Should not even be called a Cantina.
4	Great atmosphere, good food.  Enjoyed a nice night out
5	Great ambiance and great new Mexican cuisine.  The fajitas are great and the Silver Coin Margs are super good.  For a fun night with friends this is the place.
4	This is not your Father's Mexican joint. The food is real good, but items that are normally sides included with dinner.....like beans, are extra. I had one of the house specialties...fish tostadas. The fish was perfectly fried and served on a small crispy corn tortilla, topped off with shredded cabbage and the tastiest sauce. We ordered chips and salsa, which comes with 3 salsas. The fire roasted salsa looked quite zesty, but tasted pretty bland. The mole inspired salsa was....I'm not a fan of mole. The green tomatillo salsa was pretty good and my fav. The chips were excellent!
4	Very enjoyable. I had the SD chop salad which I thought was quite good, my companions got the fish tostadas and cobb salad and they both enjoyed their meals as well.The high point of the lunch was that we ordered the nachos as a starter, they were excellent. Service was good, decor is nice, all-in-all a place to which I'll definitely return.
3	This place was good. But not great, or even "really good". We stopped here for lunch on our way out of town. We ordered chips and salsa to start. If you have to pay $5 for chips and salsa, I expect some fantastic grub. They weren't. The chips were cold and stale, and the salsa was pretty bland and watered down. For our entree I ordered the Stuffed Pepper, and my girlfriend ordered two appetizers; the five cheese dip and the calamari. My pepper was OK, but nothing extraordinary. I've made much better at home on a Tuesday night. The cheese sauce, and the calamari were good, but lets be honest here, almost any similar deep fried or creamy fatty foods would be delicious. Those two appetizers do not require vast culinary depth. For the price I expected much more, and unless someone else was buying I wouldn't go back.
4	Loved this place.  Went to visit the new Salt River Fields and looked for a good restaurant for lunch.  Stumbled upon this one based on Yelpers.  Glad I did.  I wish I had a place like this close to home - great bar, great food.  You can't go wrong.
4	EXCELLENT!  What a fun time we had.  Hubby and I went out for my bday celebration and were so glad that we did.  What a fun and comfortable experience.  We walked in and were greeted right away.  We had made reservations but there was absolutely no reason to.  It was a Monday night and really @ 7:30 there wasn't a whole lot going on.  Alec was our server.  We opted to sit in the bar area.  Same menu available.  We started off with the Haas Guac and the Green Chile Stew.  We initially made the mistake thinking that the stew was going to be like the kind @ Roaring Fork.  It's not.  They would do themselves a favor if they called it hash.  I suppose hash is not as appealing as stew.  Nonetheless it was good.  The little fry breads that they give were not my favorite but it was good with the chips that came with the guac.  I had the pork tenderloin and hubs had the mac and cheese with chicken.  Both good.  Really good.  It would have been a five star review but there was something weird tasting in my diet coke.  Like soap or something.  Hubby thought maybe it was because they probably didn't sell a whole lot of soda product. I dunno.  Could have been the straw, the glass, syrup ratio to C02. And by far which is probably the best part of the restaurant.  THE BEST CHAIRS in the world.  So comfy.  So plush.  You could sit there for hours and never leave.  IF you had them in your home you would never leave.  EVER!!!!
5	The food and service was superb.  Our waiter had a great attitude, and to top it off, the food was phenominal!  I had the mac and cheese and a side of onion rings.  If you want food with a little "kick", this is the place to go.
1	Sooo over hyped. I believe their attempt at creative cuisine falls flat and is only an excuse to inflate prices. I feel like it should be a rule at any Mexican restaurant that chips and salsa are free. Yet we ordered some--a small order with 3 small bland salsas. We also tried the ceviche...nothing to write home about...in other words don't waste your time. The calamari was tender but only came with 4 strips. For dinner one guest had the burger which got pretty good reviews, as did the fajitas. I had the stuffed peppers not much to say about that. The decor/ambiance is nice which is good since you will be so bored with the food.
4	This restaurant is close to my office, so we go for lunch at least once a month.  I love that it's bright, with great modern decor, and the seating is comfortable.  Service is always very good.  The prices and portions are a average for the area.  The cuisine is a twist on Sonoron, but nothing extraordinary.
3	There is so much potential yet it is diminished with average food and lackluster service. We made a reservation for 730pm last Saturday night for a party of four at the Hayden location. The decor is great with comfortable seating and chic Southwestern decor. Once seated, the average came alive. We all remarked that it was good we were engaged in a great table conversation as it probably took 15 minutes before our presence was acknowledged. One of the managers finally came over and reluctantly took our drink orders. With a motion of his hand behind his back (we assume we weren't meant to see the finger snap) he beckoned a lost waiter to his side. The guy was nice enough but not very motivated. Had we not asked it's likely that the special of the night would never have left his lips. We ended up ordering two fajitas, a stuffed pepper, and an order of tacos. The fajitas came at the recommendation of the waiter as being extra special. They turned out to be extra ordinary. The stuffed pepper was actually very good and spicy to boot. The tacos were uninspiring as well. We passed on dessert as our entrees were average at best. As others have noted, free chips and salsa would probably be a nice gesture, especially considering the slow service offered by the wait staff. Would we try it again? Probably not unless improvements are noted in future reviews. A creative name, nice atmosphere, and average mexican fare. Three stars as it wasn't bad and has potential.
3	Met some friends here for happy hour the other day.  This is the old El Paso BBQ and they did a knockout job with the remodel. Great feel and warm colors to the place now.I had a couple of Coronas and some chips and guacamole.  The regular menu looks better than the happy hour menu and think I'll try them the next time for lunch or dinner.
2	Food was 3 Stars, but service was just really slow and I had to keep reminding the waiter to take care of us.   We went on a Wed, and the restaurant was essentially empty.   Despite our being a party of 13, the restaurant only assigned one waiter.   I had the feeling the guy had received some kind of battlefield promotion (and was a busboy who was filling in) and had never waitered before.
4	The Potted Donkey sets itself apart by offering more than the standard Sonoran food.  You might like the grilled salmon tostada or the cornmeal crusted mahi-mahi.  My favorite is the Pork Antojito.  The sangria is excellent, and the fried icecream is unique.  Atmosphere and service are great.  Unfortunately they won't get five stars as long as they make you pay for the chips and salsa.
5	High class Mexican food.  Chips and salsa are not on the house but the appetizers featuring the salsa trio is well worth the price.  Warning the pineapple habenero salsa is quite hot.  A pitcher of Margaritas is very small for the cost of $30 but again, the best Margaritas ive ever had.  Entrees were very reasonably priced around $14.  The enchiladas were stamdard but good, signature tacos were light, fresh and flavorful.  Contemporary presentation.  Very satisfied and would return if I wasn't on vacation!  Trendy decor, not too loud, expect to circle for parking.
5	Visited Scottsdale for Spring Training and found good reviews for this place on yelp. It's upscale Mexican fare was delicious. I had the cornmeal crusted mahi mahi and my boyfriend has the pork tenderloin. Both were well cooked and flavorful. Atmosphere and decor were cool. Trendy scene for groups, yet still romantic for couples. The food took a long time but the waiter kept apologizing. Extra credit for the funky restaurant name!
5	The food and service were excellent.  The enchiladas were awesome and very filling.  Big portions and very flavorful.  Will definitely return to this spot. The interior and furnishings are also unique.
4	1998 was a great year for me because I had graduated high school. That summer I experienced good food, good company and a fun atmosphere!Why am I talking about my glory days like an fat old football player wearing his letterman jacket in a dark room in front of a laptop? (I swear I'm not).The Spotted Donkey brought back memories of all the things I loved about that summer: good food, good company and a fun atmosphere.I had the tacos, and they were cooked to perfection. Portions were just the right size. They are small, but they will you up. Service was a tad spotty, but it was busy, and the guy was friendly.My partner in crime ordered the fajitas which were incredible. So incredible that later that night, we decided that we were inspired to make our own. Ok, we didn't ACTUALLY make them later that night...but the decision had been made.Next time I go, I want to check out the Late Night Happy Hour. Looked like a great option for a night when you just want to kick back and ride out a smooth evening.
5	I was VERY impressed with this restaurant. We went at about 6:30 on a Friday night and were seated promptly. I think we made perfect time because by the time we left a little over an hour later the place was packed and they had quite a few people waiting to be seated.We started off with some chips and salsa, which unfortunately don't come free. To be fair they were an upgrade over your standard free chips since the multicolored chips were served with a variety of tasty salsas. I had the chicken enchiladas which were plated beautifully and tasted delicious. Seriously, they might have been the best enchiladas I've ever had. I also had a cocktail with vodka and watermelon juice which was delicious and was neither too sweet nor too strong. My boyfriend had some sort of pork dish (anijitos?) which he also really liked. The service was also prompt and non-intrusive. Overall, great food, good service, and good pricing, especially considering the prices of other places in Scottsdale. In fact, the pricing is what attracted us here in the first place - we didn't want to pay $25+ a plate every single night. We'll definitely be back on our next spring training excursion.
4	a disclaimer: i am familiar neither with the AZ food scene nor with the typical organic, upscale interpretation of southwestern food.  in fact, though i normally eat pretty well, dripping and sloppy tacos and burritos are my most frequent indulgence.  the few times i've tried similar places in san francisco, i've left unfulfilled and repented at the altar of the greasy taqueria.not this time.our items arrived quickly, a rainbow of glistening peppers, meats, herbs and sauces.  the tortilla soup was rich and filling with flavorful interjections of crema and some chunky guac i stole from another platter.  my taquitos came with habanero guac, which was a creamier, albeit barely hotter version.scan the menu: the chef worked hard to distinguish the items during both their creation and their individual preparation.  i would have loved to have tried many more things just to sample all of the intended flavor combinations.i guess i'll just be back!
2	This review has been percolating for a week now and I finally have the courage to write it.Spotted Donkey Cantina looked so promising: from the excellent reviews to the stunning and modern restaurant.  Even the food looked great.  But alas, this was the first time Yelp steered me wrong during my vacation.After quickly being seated on the patio, Lisa H and I decided a margarita was in order.  Lis tried a strawberry marg and I opted for the prickly pear marg.  Tasty margs, although a wee bit too expensive.  But Spotted Donkey clearly isn't a cheap place, so no surprise there.Based on the awesome venue and the delicious margs, I was hoping for some awesome eats, but sadly, it was not to be.  Many a review recommended the nachos, so we ordered those as an app.  Unfortunately, the nachos were the best part of the meal and even they were subpar.  The chicken tasted so dry I swear it was actually turkey.  I honestly couldn't taste chicken in that meat.  Big strike number one.After the nachos, our main dishes arrived:  Lis got the enchiladas and I decided on the mac and cheese with some chicken (uh oh).  Lis wasn't impressed and neither was I.  I wish I had known about the turkey flavored chicken before I choose to add that to my mac and cheese.  I attempted another bite of it, but it still was so dry I had to push all of it to the side and focused only on the pasta.  Honestly, the mac and cheese was quite tasty, but I was so turned off by the chicken that I couldn't eat much of it.  Strike number two.Many a server came by, I bet at least five different faces.  The host to seat us, our server proper, one to delivery our apps, one to clear the apps away, our server again to deliver our main courses, another to fill our waters, another to take our remaining dishes away, and finally our server proper to deliver our bill.  No jokes.  How many different people can you possible need for this process?  It seemed a little over the top for me.  Strike number three.Spotted Donkey, you appeared to have so much promise.  I have to say with regret, that I was sorely disappointed to have eaten here.  Thankfully, I had just won a few bucks at the casino, so I wasn't too upset about paying for the meal.
2	Love the decor - they've done a great job ... too bad the food does not have equal appeal.  Tried a number of appetizers and there was not a single one that stood out!  Very large bar - personal bartenders, but if they get busy, not sure they will be prepared.  Also runners who bring the food out to the bar, never know where they are going with it.  Need to work on a better system.
5	Every time I come here I have a great experience. I love this food. It reminds me of home. Thanks for reading my review.
4	Imagine this, a swanky new Scottsdale restaurant that has down to earth prices, fantastic food and attentive top-notch service? Sometimes it's hard to believe that this kind of place even exists, but its no mirage, the Spotted Donkey Cantina is everything that I had hoped and more. Starting with the service, there are details that just go to show how the owners and management are in tune with training of the staff. Everyone we encountered was pleasant, seemingly happy and genuine. I have to tell you though, when it comes to eating at SDC, you'll be in good hands, Chef Patrick Bolls hands to be exact. His background includes years working with local chef-lebrity Robert McGrath, which has paid off in chiles. The southwestern influenced menu is well balanced with just a little bit of something for everyone. I mean who doesn't love the addictive crunch of La Canasta Corn Chips ($6)? Along side are 3 different salsas including a smoky charred tomato, a deeply flavored red chile orange and finally a tomatillo green chile salsa. All were surprisingly mild though these seemed more about flavor rather than scorching your face, that'll come later.The "Shooters" ($8) seemed harmless enough. A chubby jalapeno pepper stuffed with cheddar cheese and bacon then encrusted with a coating of tortillas and deep fried. At fist bite your mouth is filled with a creamy spurt of hot cheese followed by the pork-tastic flavor of bacon. Then it hits you, the burn from the jalapeno is scorching but a quick dip into cilantro buttermilk sauce helped cool the flame. If you're still trying to cool the flavor induced fire one of SDC many salad choices will do the trick. The Spotted Donkey "Chop" Salad ($12) is prepared table side with you controlling the amounts of roasted corn, cucumber, queso fresco, cilantro, warm smoked bacon, and avocado. Then tossed in a luscious jalapeno buttermilk dressing and served with crispy flour tortilla chips on the side, it cools and satisfies. Composed into tidy rows of tortilla crusted chicken breast, avocado, bacon, chopped egg and manchego cheese and dressed in chipotle vinaigrette, the dinner sized Southwest Chicken Cobb Salad ($12.50) was almost big enough to share. The center of my universe, at least for a minute, was the char grilled Big Ol' Jack Ass Angus Burger ($11.50). This is a seriously tasty burger, topped with cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, avocado, jalapenos and horseradish mustard, fries on the side. Continuing with the meat parade, a sizzling iron skillet filled with Fajitas ($16) was placed in front of me. While you have your choice of chicken or shrimp, the idea of beef tenderloin mixed with sausage, sweet onions and tomatoes seemed like the hearty choice. Along side are the usual accompaniments like guacamole, salsa, crema and warm flour tortillas, what was unusual were how quickly I scarfed these down, delicious. While the space feels decidedly modern and upscale there wasn't one moment where I felt uncomfortable or out of place, even with burger juices running down my face.
5	We kept driving by The Spotted Donkey and one Friday night we finally decided to stop by and see what it was about.We sat on the patio, which was great. We were right by the fireplace, and it was romantic and intimate. We ordered chips and salsa as an app (they are not just given as you wait, like other Mexican restaurants.) The chips were delicious, and were served with three different salsas. They were DELICIOUS! One of them was a mango salsa, but man did it have KICK. Though I couldn't handle the heat, I kept going back for more because the flavor was incredible.For dinner the hubs ordered the green chile mac n cheese, and I ordered the tacos - chicken & steak. All were incredible, and delicious. After dinner we decided to sit at the bar for a few more drinks, and we ordered their fried ice cream dessert. Yummm, it was a perfect way to end the meal. The staff was friendly, courteous and we loved the vibe of the place. We will definitely be back!
4	the boyfriend and i have patronized this place twice now and we enjoyed both visits though for different reasons - let me explain:on both times we sat in the lounge area which has these incredibly comfortable chairs and we also visited on "school" nights so the restaurant wasn't very busy. the first time, our food was FANTASTIC but the waitress was often missing and our drinks ran low or totally ran out. the second time, the service was GREAT but though i'd ordered the same menu item as my first visit (chicken enchiladas) i was disappointed that it was dark meat (the first time it was all white meat chicken). hopefully, third time is a charm and they'll hit it out of the park on our next visit in both areas.(the boyfriend was very pleased with his meals on both visits: Cornmeal Crusted Mahi-Mahi and Dos Equis Battered Fish Tostada.)the margaritas are superb and they allow you to mix flavors - i recommend prickly pear and lime. i also suggest if you're going to get a margarita, order the first one listed on the menu (can't recall the name) since you get a little more margarita for the price.one final whine: chips and salsa.  what kind of Mexican joint makes you pay for chips and salsa? i mean, the salsa is good and you get a few different types of salsa but c'mon! $6.00 for chips and salsa is kind of outrageous.
4	Wow! This place is great! I ordered some chicken machaca taquitos and they were awesome! However, I ordered this habanero pineapple salsa on the side and let me tell you...it was hot as hell! The bartender is quite handsome and he makes a mean margarita!  Great food, great service and a bartender with a cute butt! What more can a girl ask for!
4	The chips were amazing. Had the tacos. They were great too. The only reason for not giving 5 stars is the lack of service. Had to wait way too long for refills. Food came quickly.
5	Was looking for a Mexican joint on Yelp and stumbled across this place.  Since I was dining solo, I saddled up to the bar to grab some dinner.  I'm so glad I did.....here's why:+ The Cheese Enchiladas rock!  Priced at $14, they're not cheap, but they're damn good!  They have 2 sauces on them....Green and Red....they each have a distinct taste that make the dish explode with flavor in your mouth.  Awesome!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fjvu3PkvrTOoIjNqL1vrJQ?select=8bxEWo47aCR19UIK3eh8DgThe sides of Beans & Pickled Carrot Salad is unique and flavorful!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fjvu3PkvrTOoIjNqL1vrJQ?select=c_fS-JOQv__lXA4lLY3BRwThese were easily the best Enchiladas I've ever had.+ Decor & Atmosphere.  From what the bartender told me, it's only been open 6 months or so.  The decor is unique...I have no idea how to describe it, otherwise I would....it feels upscale and modern, let's just say that.+ Friendly employees.  Everyone was really nice and offered suggestions on the menu.+ The Chocolate Lava Cake, $8.  Ok, I wasn't going to eat dessert, but the bartender talked me into it....I'm glad he did.  It was freakin' awesome!  However, I will warn you....it' a big portion, can easily feed 2 people.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fjvu3PkvrTOoIjNqL1vrJQ?select=hUdZO9aFRVVBbR_9IxQg-Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fjvu3PkvrTOoIjNqL1vrJQ?select=fViTAdL3HGNICqHPwuWx9wServed hot and moist, the Chocolate Cake melts in your mouth.....when you slice your spoon through the Cake, the hot Chocolate Lava center oozes out....together with the Vanilla Ice Cream on top, it makes for an awesome combo!Overall, it was a great experience.  I was told they have 2 happy hours, but forgot the times....it's an early and late schedule for them....so it can cover both early birds and night owls.Return Factor - 100%
4	Great decor, great service and great food!  The meatloaf and the tacos were fantastic - great flavors and reasonable prices for a nice place!
5	Great Place!!! Love the food, vibe, and location. Definitely my favorite Mexican eatery in Phoenix!
5	Great food.  As soon as we left we were looking forward to going back.  Now we are back and even happier because the food and margaritas are just as good and the service was much better.  Thank you Ellen!
5	Great atmosphere, delicious food, friendly service, and affordable pricing all contributed to my 5 star rating of Spotted Donkey Cantina. I have been here with friends multiple times for dinner and happy hour and we keep going back. To date, my favorite dish is the marinated chicken fajitas but I have yet to scratch the surface of this vastly creative menu. Modern adaptations of classic Mexican fare make this place stand out from other Mexican restaurants. Donkey Dusted Agave Chicken Wings served with Jalapeno Ranch dipping sauce, Dos Equis battered Fish Tostadas, and the Arizona Mac & Cheese made with rigatoni, fresh hatch green chiles, applewood bacon and Mexican cheeses are only a handful of the many eclectic menu choices at this casual-classy hot spot.
2	Blah! What a disappointment! After reading reviews I was anxious to try this place, but it was a total let down. We all ordered recommendations from the waiter- stuffed peppers, green chile meatloaf and tacos. No one was impressed.I'd go here for drinks. The restaurant was really cool inside and the margs were great.Pass on the food though for sure!
4	will go back on next trip to Scottsdale. Guacamole-great. jalapeno poppers served in shot glasses- amazing. tacos were served in hard shells that had been fried with meat in them which was a disappointment. we just asked for soft corn tortillas and created our own- problem solved! overall good experience.
4	Food,service and atmosphere all very good.   Great addition to the area!!!Staff friendly and helpful.   Patio would be good in nice weather---not too hot!   Very crowded first time we went but food fine.   Next time the place was quieter and we could appreciate the atmosphe and decor.   Lots of seating options!
4	This place was cool but, wow, it was empty on a Friday night!  Not sure what's up with that.  Our group of four enjoyed our time, my wife and I were visiting with friends that we hadn't seen in 10 years so the lack of a crowd was actually a benefit, quieter and no wait.  I went simple and had a Negra Modelo and my dinner order was "Stuffed Peppers" which was excellent.  I would definitely go again as we really enjoyed the food and received excellent service.
4	Despite it's name (which makes me think of a dirty bar south of the border), Spotted Donkey has fancy mexican food in a upscale, nice setting. The interior is split into a few different areas, all of which are pretty and cool. The patio is awesome - trees draped in lights, lanterns on every table, & a sweet fireplace. I really like this place! We had:- Nachos: Really yummy & loaded nacho's. The chips are whole fried tortillas and they are covered in a ton of delicious stuff. The black beans are delicious, the salsa/hot sauce is delicious, and the different kinds of cheese make the whole plate cheesy with different flavors. We got the short stack, which was perfect as an app size. These definitely are awesome with margaritas, and the full size is perfect for hanging at the bar.- Cheese Enchiladas: Good flavors, but the tortillas were so hard and unpleasantly hard to chew. The pinto beans are yummy, the green enchilada sauce is flavorful, but the carrot slaw was way too sweet and didn't blend well with the rest of the flavors.- Chop Salad: I love the fact that they toss & serve a salad tableside. The ingredients are all fresh and it's a hearty sized salad (perfect as a full sized meal with some nachos).- Sonoran Sunset: Beautiful colors, fun name, & a good balance in flavors.- Mango Margarita: So awesome. Really fresh, sweet mango flavor without being overly sweet and it has a wonderful smooth texture. Love this drink!- Mango Strawberry Margarita: A little too sweet...the mango is better.- Cactus Heart: Fun name, pretty purple color, and delicious.
2	I went here for Happy Hour.  The food was only mediocre but, we did only tried 2 items.  It wasn't bad but, I wouldn't rush to go back.
3	Agree with everyone else here that the atmosphere was great. Staff was very friendly. The food was OK. If they charged anymore I would say it is not worth it. I had the chicken enchiladas, my wife has the fajitas. The enchiladas tasted bland, and would not recommend. However my wife's fajitas were very tasty, and I ate more of those. For dessert we had the stuffed sopapias and they were very good.  I tried some of my friends chicken quesadilla and they were also bland. Overall, I would say its worth a try.
5	The service at the bar is phenomenal! John gave me the menu and told me to make a few choices first, before offering his advice! He, then, made me this awesome margarita and suggested the machaca chicken taquitos after listening to my taste preference! It was a hit!  Make sure to sit at the bar and ask for John! Great bartender, great service and he has a cute butt! Cheers!
4	I was almost ready to give Spotted Donkey the coveted 5 stars, but it occurred to me that I was most likely wanting to give that 5th star because I had not eaten anything resembling Mexican food in over a month!  So reason won and I'm going with a very strong 4.Not your typical menu of tacos and enchiladas smothered with a cup of melted cheese and swimming in grease.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.  Nothing beats good Sonoran fare in my book.  At Spotted Donkey you will find chimis and enchiladas on the menu, but also cornmeal crusted mahi mahi and pan roasted pork tenderloin.  We started with the chips and salsa.  I have to say I was not all that impressed with the chips.  They reminded me more of a bigger version of Fritos than a thin and crispy chip I prefer.  Served with a trio of salsas, my favorite was the charred tomato followed closely by the green tomatillo.  The pineapple habanero may have been tasty, but one bite and my tongue was so swollen I lost all sense of taste for the next 15 minutes.  My husband managed to eat a fair amount of it, however.  I attribute that to his southern roots and exposure to moonshine at the age of 6.His entree was the chipotle honey-glazed grilled salmon tostada.  With a black bean mango salsa and avocado vinaigrette, it was quite good.  The only thing negative...it was seriously undercooked in the middle.  Had it been mine, I would have sent it back.  I know there seems to be a trend of rare fish being served, but if this was intentional, the server should ask how you would like it prepared.  I smartly chose the mesquite roasted port antojito...like mini tostadas but served on a thicker corn "cake" that is fried.  The pork was perfectly lean, perfectly seasoned, and quickly devoured.For dessert we shared the ancho chile brownie sundae which was served with both hot caramel and hot fudge sauces on the side.  Expecting to prefer the chocolate sauce, I actually did not.  Although it had good flavor, the consistency was off and there was a little separation.  I am not usually a fan of caramel, but this sauce was ridiculously good, with a strong hint of salt coming through.  Had it been served with nothing but a spoon, the dessert still would have worked for me.  The ancho chile brownie was fantastic, although I maybe would have preferred just a touch more of chile in the background.  I would be hard pressed to go back and have any dessert other than this one.I loved the atmosphere at Spotted Donkey, loved the food, and had fantastic service.  The underdone fish was the only reason it didn't make the 5th star this time around, but I would definitely return.
5	This place has amazingly tasty food!
1	It's hard to use so many great ingredients and still have the food come out bland but the Donkey pulls it off.   Perhaps there is some special process that bleeds the flavor from Hatch Green Chilis that only the Donky know about.The tort of  enchiladas was thicker than the quilt grandma made me up In Minnesota.  The beans were tasty, all 2 ounces of them....     The bar waitress was so unattentive I had to call the restaurant on my cell and ask for a watiress to be sent to my table.   Gotta love those empty headed Scottsdale bimbos.All in all I would say it is a great restaurnant for Scottsdale gringos who have no idea what real southwestern food tastes like, and don't care or about freindly service so long as the building is fancy and they can tell their friends they went to the latest trendy spot.This one will be GONE in a year.
1	I've been to the Spotted Donkey Catina at El Pedrgal several times and it was always a pleasant experience.  Not the case at this new location.  Maybe the oil that fhe foods were prepared in was bad because not only was the flavor off but I had stomach problems later.Service was below par as well....will not be returning.
4	I like this place a lot! The food and the atmosphere are both really nice. Try the chimichanga, I really enjoyed it... Service is great also...The only downsides (from my own experiences) is it seems relatively empty most of the time, and that it is a little on the pricey side... But they justify their prices with good food and REALLY good presentation of the food.
2	Came here for a team lunch based on some Yelp reviews, however, the meal I experience was below average.  There wasn't much spices and most dishes tasted bland.  I had to order additional plates of hot sauce, lemon, salt and pepper just to season the food.  Perhaps, it was an off day for them, but I probably wouldn't make additional effort to go back.
3	The food at this very large cantina was above average but not packed with flavor.The $5 we paid for chips and salsa should have been a sign of things to come. Three salsa choices which was nice, but only one was flavorful and it was hot!  My wife and I split two meal orders. The shrimp tacos and the pork antijos. tacos were smaller and the sauce that comes on them was good. The antijos were dry and boring. The mesquite flavor did not come through. The star of the show were the margaritas which were needed when it came time to pay. Skip this place.
5	AMAZING! I just moved out of state, and I am really sad to be leaving this restaurant behind. First and foremost, the food: Perhaps it's not authentic Mexican (maybe I missed the part that the restaurant makes this promise), but whatever cuisine it is, it's delicious. The shrimp tacos are perfectly prepared and presented. I literally crave these, even the day after dining at the Cantina. The chimichanga and fajitas are also very good.  The three salsa appetizer is yummy, but be aware: the pineapple salsa is just about the spiciest thing I've ever eaten.... Which brings me to the margaritas! Oh the margaritas! My husband usually hates margaritas, but he really enjoyed both the original lime and prickly pear margaritas. As for me, I love margaritas, and I found these to be exceptional. Yay for fresh ingredients!!! The restaurant itself: Every time I've been here the place has been decently busy. Not so busy that we have to wait for a table, but definietly not lacking in fellow diners. The decor is perfect: comfy chairs, opulent, but not stuffy or unwelcoming. The donkey theme sounds as if it could be tacky, but they pull it off with sophistication. Also, the last time we went they had an excellent all female mariachi band, which is up there with the best live entertainment I've had at a restaurant. No speakers or amps, just pure talent. It really doesn't get much better than this.
2	While in Scottsdale with some family, we all decided that the trip would be for naught if we didn't try some local Mexican food. While I was thrilled at the prospect of some Mexican in a region known for it's amazing authentic options, I was a bit dissapointed with the Spotted Donkey Cantina.First off, the Spotted Donkey Cantina is a nice place, with a calming atmosphere and servers that are both well-dressed and well-versed.  Additionally, the options are unique (although not what I would call "authentic") and I would be surprised if anyone found they were unable to find a dish they were excited to order.However, when my food finally arrived (chili as an appetizer and enchiladas for the main course), I was a bit disappointed to find that my dishes were a bit underwhelming.  Both the pork chili and the enchiladas were almost entirely devoid of meat, instead containing mostly fillers like chopped tomatoes, cheese and beans.  As I'd paid nearly $20 in total for both, this was extremely disappointing.Head over to the Spotted Donkey Cantina if you're looking for a good atmosphere for a business dinner or a date, but keep away if you're looking for either authentic Mexican cuisine or a bang for your buck.
4	I love the space and the service is great!  The Decor is wonder and service attentive without being pussy suck-ups.  The food mostly has been better then average (Appetizers) to very good (breakfast).  I love there patios and the menu has a pretty reasonable variety of entrees.  This place is a bit over price but the location to my home makes up for it and well honestly everything is slightly overpriced in Scottsdale.  Disclaimer: If you want authentic Mexican food you won't find it here or really anywhere in Scottsdale.  Take the drive to Mi Patio in Phoenix.
1	I went here with a group of people, and I'm really glad that I wasn't the one footing the bill, because if I was, I would have been angry and disappointed. We came into the restaurant for lunch shortly after it opened, and our table was literally the only party in the entire restaurant. You would think that would give us a pretty good chance of getting good service, but no, the service was terrible. The waitstaff managed to mess up not one but two special requests, and it took over an hour to get our entrees. With appetizers, the meal was an hour and a half affair. One of my biggest complaints was the salsa-- it was EXTREMELY watered down. The Pace salsa that I buy at Costco is better quality than their salsa. The portions were small, and the food is not at all authentic Mexican cuisine. I guess it's some sort of fusion cuisine. Whatever it is, it's pretentious, and it falls flat.
3	Decorated for the rich old Scottsdale folk, food is designed for $30k millionaires who don't know any better. Ceasar salad: a pile of leaves that I had to saw through myself using a butter knife. I quickly realized that this setup is designed specifically for the escorts who come in to order this - their right forearms won't have any problem with the strain. "Street" tacos: Came in hard shells. NO option to get soft shells? Then they're not STREET tacos, dumbshits. Plus, these hard shells were thick enough to crack a tooth. Since I don't have veneers like the rest of your customers, it was difficult for me to gnash through them.Service is fine and the place is clean and beautiful. And the chips and salsa are excellent - there is a pineapple salsa with a kick of habanero that will sneak up on you, fast! I like it.
4	Heart this place.  Try the Pineapple Habanero Salsa for sure - order a Pale Ale or Sauv Blac to cut it though.  Bummer is that HH ends at 6 but I will slide in whenever I can - however NEVER ordered something I didn't like.
4	This place was pretty good.  It was a weekday so the place was pretty dead.  Our server was pretty attentive and extremely knowledgeable of the menu.  He recommended stuff to us that ended up ordering and were happy with.We ordered the Six Shooters (tortilla crusted hand stuffed cheddar, bacon filled jalapeno shots with a cilantro buttermilk sauce) - it was too spicy for me, but the other 3 enjoyed them.We also ordered the Nachos (Large corn tortilla rounds with drunken black beans, pulled pork, serrano chile, fire roasted tomato and tomatillo salsa, and a blend of cheddar, manchego, monterrey jack cheese and mexican crema cheeses.)  Pretty darn amazing.  The hubs ordered the fish tacos which were pretty tasty and filled him up.I ordered the fajitas, which was nothing special and could be eaten at any other restaurant that served fajitas.My brother ordered the pan roasted pork tenderloins which were cooked perfectly medium-rare and was probably the best dish out of all of ours.My SIL ordered the enchilada - and quite honestly, I don't remember if she liked it or not.In the end, we decided to try to cuban corn - which was by far, the best!  I could have eaten more if there was any left.  For the 4 of us, it was almost $180 (including tip).  A bit pricey, but I would go back - even if it was just for the corn on the cob...and the great service.
4	Great atmosphere but a little too Scottsdale.  More importantly, lets talk food.  We went for a catered business lunch.  The portions were huge and was quite surprised that the food had a lot of spice for serving a crowd.  Looking forward to going back and trying the regular menu.
5	I can't believe I never wrote a review for this place! It's one of our 2 favorite places when we are staying in Scottsdale. If you get a chance to go there, you MUST have the Jalapeno Shooters! One of the 4 will blow your head off! The rest of the food is great too. Unfortunately the place has never been busy when we have been there, but we just love it.BTW, the Happy Hour prices and choices are really good!
5	Great food, awesome drinks, nice bar, good service!  Really love this place.  I will keep going back!
4	When I first heard of Spotted Donkey I thought it was going to be gross but I went there on a date with my boyfriend and we had the best waiter, told us about some of the most popular dishes they had. We went with something that that waiter told us about and it was SOOO good. Overall we had a great time, every nice environment. :)
4	My friend and I went to this quaint place along with other "WineBats" for an evening of "little Bites" and glasses of wine.  All of it very good!We ordered Machaca Chicken Mushroom Taquitos...excellent with a little bite.  Panko Crusted Fried Calamari...succulent!  Imported Cinco Queso with olive oil fried bread and the best tortilla chips I have had in quite some time, and at the end  we ordered the Fried Ice Cream Quartet...that was amazing!  Service was on point!  We are going back to try their regular menu some time.
4	This place is pretty solid and I have no idea why it was so dead when I went.  I went with a party of 4 for happy hour ($2 off some drinks and food) on a Monday.  The place is spacious and very well decorated.  The place has a pretty cool upscale vibe to it.  We sat in the bar area and the service was very fast and friendly.  I tried 2 margaritas; the Skinny and the Silver Coin.  Both were excellent but the "skinny" one has nothing to do with the amount of calories rather that it is organic.  Go figure.  I still can't figure that one out.  The silver coin one was very good and was pretty strong.The chips are awesome but the guac is just eh.  It seems to be fresh but is lacking any real flavor or kick.  The queso was excellent especially with the pita bread stuff (pita? really? very odd. but good).  The cheese had excellent flavor and a good amount of spice.  I would definitely get it again.I will be back.
4	I am usually a person who sticks to Old Town or Arcadia/Biltmore when it comes to going out to eat due to where all my friends and I live.  I had to go north to run some errands, and a friend and I decided to check out the McCormick Ranch plaza.  I have to say it's changed a lot, since I've last been here.  There's Butters breakfast spot, busters, Zipps, and I think Jade Palace got replaced by TCBY.My friend already ate at Busters, so we decided to go to Spotted Donkey.  I was amazed by the decor when I first stepped in.  It felt like the first time I walked into Modern Steak or J & G Steakhouse.  It was different, modern, yet had a nice casual vibe to it.  A modern latin decor with hints of burnt orange surrounded the area.  We decided to sit at the bar and was greeted by a pleasant bartender.We had a couple of beers and tried out the ceviche which was fresh and vibrant.  We also split the nachos which was not the kind I was expecting.  The nachos had a lot of flavor on large tortilla chips.  I wish it had a more spicy kick to it, but I usually lean towards spicy than others.  The beers were around $6, but they were giant size.We had a great time sitting around and catching up with some other friends who joined later.  I really like the service, scenery, and food.  I'll definitely do another followup review when I come back to try out the dinner entrees.
5	LOVE Spotted Donkey...Originally came for happy hour and have come back multiple times for dinner. The menu is inventive and unique, they offer great drinks and awesome happy hour specials. You'll also find plenty to enjoy on the lunch and dinner menus. Definitely try the "Shooters". They're Jalapeno peppers stuffed with cheese and bacon, panko breaded and fried, served with a buttermilk ranch dipping sauce. As amazing as they sound, they taste even better. The rest of the HH options are also good, the taquitos and chips and salsa combo are money and all of the happy hour prices are very good. They also offer a reverse happy hour from 9-12 for those who prefer late night dining. For lunch or dinner you can't go wrong with the tacos or fish tostadas, and they also have an awesome burger on the menu. The service is always attentive, and the ambiance is very cool as well. On the weekends there are live mariachi bands that will play. My favorite is an all female band with a great lead singer...They're legit.I didn't know this place existed 4 months ago, but it's become one of my favorite dinner and happy hour spots in Scottsdale. Definitely worth a visit if you haven't been yet or just haven't been in a while.
4	Had the Seviche Yucateco.  Yummy spicy with extra peppers by request.  Also tasted the pineapple pepper relish that comes with the ribs-to die for.  Sweet with hot.  Love the habanero and the serrano peppers.  Will be back for more spice!
2	what happened to the menu? i went for the enchiladas but the only kind they had on the menu contained egg. not to mention the entire menu has been drastically pared down offering not much of a selection. and the chips and salsa have actually gone up to $7. we ordered chips and salsa, one beer, one soda and two entrees (me tacos, the boyfriend fajitas)  for a grand total of $60. the price is a bit tough to justify and i don't see us going back anytime soon, which is disappointing.
3	I loved Spotted Donkey Cantina and absolutely hate to give it 3 stars. The recent change in Menu's and Chef, in my opinion, has not been a good change. I have a lot of respect for Robert McGrath, but I wish he had left the tried and true menu items alone, and brought with him some new dishes. While my favorite dish there, the Chile Relleno is still on the menu, they have changed the way it is prepared, presented and served and it was a major let down tonight. Also, many of the appetizers that we really liked are no longer available. Very disappointed. Take all of this and accompany it with higher prices than before, and the SDC has dropped from my most favorite restaurant that I have raved about to friends, to one I will go to 'some times. The restaurant is still a beautiful place to go and the staff is exceptional in service in every way, but I was very disappointed at the menu changes,
4	Over all good dinner. We had cold entrees but sent them back. Food then came out warm. But had great flavors. The server was great and did his job great. One thing that I would say is the manger never came over to talk with use.
2	I probably won't go back. Our server was awful. My food was okay but the gal I was with had to send back her order twice because the cook couldn't stick to the menu item (one of the wraps). After the second time going back to the kitchen we decided we would just get mine to go and leave, so my friend could get lunch at work. The server then billed us for her food (unreal!) and wouldn't let me talk to the manager after I asked twice.  LUCKILY, the manager ended up coming over because she had to approve taking my friend's meal off the bill. She apologized profusely after we explained the situation and comped the entire bill. That made it right. She also gave us two $5 chips to use should we go back. I'm not sure I will but I have to say the Manager saved the day and this review from being a complete bust.
4	The food continues to be delicious here and the atmosphere continues to shine, but they just can't seem to make up their mind when it comes to timing out the food delivery. The first time I went to Spotted Donkey, I was on a date with my bf and they brought our food out within 5 minutes of ordering it. It was so rushed that we were in and out within 40 minutes. Today I went in for lunch and although we were on a bit of a time crunch, I thought this would be the perfect choice since it was such quick service the time before. Boy was I wrong. It took over 40 minutes for our food to come out which would be ok, but considering the time of day and amount of people, it was a little lengthy to wait. Granted, we took a little time before we ordered but I think that our order might have been forgotten in the kitchen. Our poor waitress was less than thrilled when she realized how long it took. But based on my two visits, I've come to realize that I can't really gauge how long my visit will be because I've had such dramatically different wait times. Too bad the timer elves couldn't have flipped these wait times either because the bf and I would have loved to enjoy a bit more time before our food came out and today we would have loved to have the food arrive a little bit more speedily.I'm only taking one star off because the food is extremely delicious. I had the carne asada tacos and they were so delicious I finished every bite! Also, if you want a guacamole but you don't want the huge tableside one, you can order a small version and it's $5 as opposed to the $10 tableside order. I'm hoping this wait time was just a fluke and maybe third time will be the charm!
3	I should start by saying, the Spotted Donkey Cantina is the perfect restaurant for the over 50 crowd who wants to enjoy a higher-end southwestern food experience.  Honestly, my husband and I are not young... but were definitely the youngest couple in the entire restaurant by 15 - 20 years (excepting a few grandkids).   After pondering the reason for the older crowd, our food came and it was painfully clear.... the food is bland, perfect for that older crowd that can't handle spicy.    The chips were delicious, best we've had in some-time.  They were thick with a nice strong corn flavor.. very nice.  The signature salsas were flavorful, but did not even register as mild on the heat scale. The pineapple salsa, we were warned was very hot... was really on the high end of mild. Aside from the unspicy food..... I can honestly say my dish was truly bland.   My carne asada was a good cut of meat, the temperature was well prepared at medium-rare, there was the usual char... but the meat had zero favor.  No spices at all.   This was a dish recommended by our server over the Mole... I should have tried the Mole. And then there were the tortillas.  This was my biggest disappointment.  They tasted like store bought... you know, that thick floury flavor that Mission Tortillas have.  Even freshly heated, they would have been a disappointment.  Unfortunately, mine were served stale... hardened around the edges.  Invest in higher quality, homemade tortillas and ditch those store bought!My dish came with Calabacitas.. which were disappointing as well.  While the overall vision was good, the squash to cheese ratio was way off... and my side was almost cold.  It was obvious the cheese had been melted at one point, but was well cooled before it reached our table.  Decrease the cheese, increase the veggies please!My husbands dish was suppose to be enchiladas.  They were bland as well and resembled wet tacos. I have to say, the black beans were the highlight of our visit.  They were flavorful, still with some remnants of the salt pork with which they were cooked.  Some of the best black beans I've ever had.Many of the dishes, I would have liked to have tried.  But the sides were unappealing to me.  I don't like grits, sweet potatoes, or slaw (funny.. those are some of the only things I don't like).  The server indicated that they would not substitute for any other side... dishes were to come as prepared, sides and all.   She would have to ask the chef for permission to substitute a side dish.  Please, be more flexible when it comes to sides.   Also, I would have liked to see an Oso Bucco on the menu.   I should have gotten McGrath's signature green-chili mac-n-cheese or his green chili stew.  I know those are good!
2	Chances are you will have a nice meal here but I feel the meal I had was one star worthy. I am giving two stars because my husbands meal was fine and the dining room manager tried to fix.We decided to try for Saturday Lunch and I thought the chicken wrap plate might be nice since the menu described it with jicama and pecans with chipotle mayo. The meals came out and my plate looked pretty but I sort of knew I wouldn't like it when I saw the wraps were filled with lots of Mayo ( seriously one third , the wraps were standing up on the plate like towers ) and to make it worse they were standing on a large amount of chipotle mayo ( you were expected to dip your mayo wrap into mayo) . This plate came with a nice side of salad so I knew I could eat that. I choose to eat it because I knew my husband was starving and wouldn't eat unless I did. I ate the side salad and it was good I took a bite into the wrap and the contents spilled out onto the chipotle mayo pool that was on my plate. I didn't notice any jicama and only saw a few crumbs of pecans in it but it did have a few chunks of cucumber in it . I ate half the wrap and was finished AND NOW MY WAITER CHECKS ON US. I told him about the mayo problem and he offered to get me something else and I say I ate already and don't want more food. Then the dining room manager comes over and offers to get me something else and I say that's not necessary since I ate already. The dining room manager sees my leftover half wrap and suggest that I can enjoy the other half of my wrap latter if I just add extra chicken to it and offers to box it for me with some extra chicken. We received the extra chicken and it was hot chicken.I just have to say this was an awful recipe for chicken salad or perhaps the recipe wasn't followed?
3	Food was very good, server was very good but someone screwed up one of our dishes ( fish brought out instead of chicken) so my daughter and I had to wait another 10 minutes until the right dish was brought out. No apologies offered.  The waiter said, " I would be hopping if I were you."
4	Not a bad place for upscale/fusion-y Mexican food.  The decor is beautiful and service is great.The star of the dinner was the appetizers.The nachos were delicious - nothing like the usual yellow cheese on triangular tortilla chips with canned jalapeno slices. This was unique and delicious with fresh cheese and two types of unique red and green chile sauces.The chicken wigs were good - not spicy enough but good nonethelessThe taquitos were goodThe chile relleno was good and HUGEThe green mac and cheese was NOT good - mushyThe posole soup was DISGUSTING - I took one sip and I returned it back to the kitchen. It tasted like a wet donkey.The chopped salad that replaced the soup was goodbeet salad was goodcalamari steak was tender but I felt lack flavor.Short ribs were huge and delicious
4	Went with my folks in December.- loved teh decor- fantastic service.  Our waitress was a gem.- cozy seating- Carne Asada was divine- my parents each loved their dishes too.  My mom had a salad with the picked jalapenos.  Sweet and delish.  - my dad got a steak and loved it. This was fabulous.
3	Came here recently and it had been a while, so we were pretty excited. We sat down and noticed it was a new menu...A new menu devoid of some of our favorite dishes, with higher prices and less selection. Fail.They took off their beer battered fish tostadas, which were my wife's favorite. She ordered the nachos and didn't love them, and I ordered some very underwhelming chicken tacos. The chicken was bland, the tacos were small, but the dish was $15.Service was still good, and it remains a nice atmosphere, but I am very disappointed in the changes. We may try it again (especially if they get the fish tostadas back on the menu), but it's dropped a couple of levels.
1	My parents insisted on coming here last week, as they had eaten here in December and loved it. Of course, I Yelped it before I agreed to go with them (hey, my time back in Scottsdale is precious-I won't want to waste a single meal on a potentially bad place). The reviews pretty much summed up our experience:-Robert McGrath is gone (our server confirmed this for us)-New menu that's not as enticing-Food is awful now-Absolutely terrible management!As reviews indicated, the place WAS good, before McGrath left. The menu also USED to be good, and food was good too, but is no longer the case. The three of us struggled with what to order, as nothing really sounded too great. My dad went with a chimichanga, my mom went with a Mexican chopped salad with shrimp, and I decided to have a Caesar with shrimp. My dad actually enjoyed his, until later that night when he became ill.Both my salad and my mom's salad were pretty much inedible. The produce was clearly never high quality, as evidenced by the mealy tomatoes and wilty lettuce. But the worst part was definitely the fishy-tasting shrimp. How does that even happen?! How old were these shrimp that they developed a fishy taste?The waitress stopped by for about .5 seconds right when the food was delivered, and since we hadn't really tasted anything yet, we said things were fine. However, a few minutes into our meal we realized we needed to speak to a manager about the poor quality of the food (especially since my parents had such high expectations from their prior visit). The waitress was absolutely nowhere to be found, nor was the manager, or any other employee for that matter. It took easily 10 minutes before we actually saw any employee of the restaurant-maybe they all took a break at the same time? We were one of only a few tables in the place, so it's not like our waitress was busy with someone else...Anyway, we finally asked our waitress to grab the manager for us. ANOTHER 10 minutes went by before the manager showed up. When he arrived, we calmly explained that poor quality of nearly all the ingredients in both of our salads, and I told him about the reviews I'd read and how my parents insisted it was so good that we had to try it and that I'd hoped the reviews weren't true. I should mention he looked like a deer in headlights when I mentioned online reviews. We expressed our disappointment (but we weren't obnoxious about it, I just really felt that it's only fair to tell the management about the poor food quality before writing a review online about it and told him so), and his response was simply: "You're the first people to complain all night!" Oh, great. The first ones all night? Do we get a prize? Does that mean you received food complaints yesterday, and the day before that? We're just the only ones to complain TODAY, which must mean our opinion isn't valid. He didn't apologize. He didn't validate our feelings about the food as any good manager would. He just seemed confused as to how we could possibly have these opinions. But it gets better! He then says, "Well, the waitress said she checked and you guys said you were enjoying everything." Seriously? You can see very plainly that we have eaten almost nothing. Talk about feeling uncomfortable-it was like we were completely unable to have a low opinion of this place. He said nothing more and walked away. He brought us the bill, with the salads removed, and walked away. Still no apology. We didn't ask for anything to be removed, we really only wanted him to acknowledge that the food sucked and that he'd do something to ensure future guests don't encounter fishy-fish and baggy lettuce. It was nice of him to remove the food from the bill, but there is just no excuse for making customers (a) eat crappy food, and then (b) feel uncomfortable about not enjoying it.
4	Great food, service and atmosphere!  Drinks/margaritas are super weak and too much mix/sugar.  Only thing I hate about the Spotted Donkey is that it's not closer to our house!
3	alot  of are taliking about this place nice cozy new menu tasta food the Chips and Guacamole is a gear started overal good but not great service is kinder slow
5	This is my wife's and my favorite place to eat in Scottsdale. The skinny margaritas are very good and the pork nachos are amazing. We recently split an order of tacos, she had chicken while I had the shrimp. The care given to the meat in everything we had was appreciated as it seems that the they marinate everything for a few days beforehand, very tender and tasty. We used to visit the origanum location by the Boulders resort and just happened to notice this one closer to Scottsdale. We were pleasantly surprised to see our favorite bartender waiting for us when we arrived during our annual sojourn to the Phoenix area. The new location is much larger and loses a bit of the charm of the original spot. However, the ambience is both relaxing and easy on the senses. Fantastic place to eat and drink.
3	Spotted Donkey Cantina, or SDC, is a interesting mix of Mexican, Spanish, and maybe even Indian food. Being from Texas I am used to traditional Tex Mex when I have Mexican food, and SDC's dishes could not be farther from that. That is not to say that I didn't enjoy it though. We made reservations on Open Table straight through the Spotted Donkey Cantina's Yelp page, which was really convenient - especially since we had a big family group of 11 and decided to find a dinner spot around 6:30pm. We got a reservation for 8 and they seated us at a nice big table off by ourselves.The decor of the restaurant is a cool combo of rustic and modern, with couches and cool art and a ton of seating.I ordered the prickly pear frozen margarita first, but it was reeaaally sweet so I ordered a skinny marg next and it was awesome.My only real complaint is that they charged for chips and salsa, which is something I am definitely not used to in Texas. However, the chips came with three different homemade salsas (red, green, and an amazing and SPICY pineapple habanero salsa) and they kept bringing out more when we ran out, so that was nice.I had the BYO (build your own) short rib tacos. The meat was AWESOME, but the tortillas were really tiny and there weren't a lot of "fixins" to put in the tacos. Overall, good order though. My grandfather got the chopped salad, but I think he got a bit sick from it... could have been something else though, who knows!This restaurant is very expensive for what you are getting. They should lower their prices and people would order more. I wanted to try a bunch of appetizers and stuff on the menu, but my tacos were like 19 bucks, so I figured it would be a ton of food, so I just ordered the entree.This restaurant is fine, and I might go back for a skinny margarita and appetizers if I'm back in the Scottsdale area.
2	missed the old menu; the table waitstaff was competent and pleasant, the female bartender was not..nachos not great; quesidilla tasty..ambiance warmwith all the restaurants in Scottsdale we would not go back..we had been there several times before but were disappointed with the food and the bar service this time
4	Picked this spot for a special occasion in search of somewhere new and different and was very pleased with the experience. Beautiful place, fun atmosphere and great margs. From the guacamole to a variety of entrees, we found the food very satisfying. Good-sized portions and not too overpriced for a Scottsdale spot. Would definitely recommend for a variety of occasions.
4	Great: MargaritasSouthwest Cobb SaladGood: Atmosphere - a little older crowd, but a great patioChicken Fajitas - good ingredients, not enough chickenBad: A little pricey, but very worth it!Our server Tanner was great!!
1	Went to Spotted Donkey today and sign says they are closed!
1	This place had good margaritas! The food was terrible
