3	The good news is the permanent collection is free.The bad news is the layout of the museum's collections is super confusing.I found myself both disappointed (spoiled by living in brooklyn/nyc) and extremely interested in several artists that I had NEVER seen here in the states.I've found that at both the Contemporary Art Museum and the Museum of Fine Arts in Montreal there are always artists whom I would have never heard of or discovered without the Canadians spotlighting them, so Bravo on that.  But where's the Robert Longo that was recently aquired? Couldn't find it. And what about a floor plan? I found myself in an elevator with two other people who were utterly confused and lost.But they end on a good note with a nice selection of mags in the gift shop.
5	An excellent, and quite large museum - the first of its kind in Canada. Something for everyone here including old, modern, decorative and Canadian arts. You could easily spend a good part of a day.Only thing that rubbed me the wrong way was the lobby woman insisted on a "donation" when everywhere it was advertised as "free." I didn't donate, flashing my museum pass, and my husband chucked a buck in the bin which satisfied her.
4	This museum had tons of things to look at. From furniture and appliances dating back from the 20's-70's to a mummy sargophagus!Lots of European and Canadian artists and even a section of Innuit sculptures! Plus, it was free! unless you want to check out the current exhibition. My advice, unless you know the artist that is on exhibit, just take a stroll around the rest of the museum and check out their permanent collection, this will keep you plenty busy.
4	Very nice place. We were here for the van Dongen exhibition and also took the time to scope the small but interesting Mediterranean collection. This is not to be missed! They have some surprisingly nice sculptures from ancient Greece and Rome, Greek vases, an Egyptian mummy and some fabulous Roman glass that you will not believed survived intact for 2,000 years. The gift shop across the street also has a nice selection of art postcards and books.
4	I am not a museum person and I don't often pretend to be; however travelling with someone who was interested in looking at art I compromised and agreed to check it out.Admission is by donation - be generous to keep the arts alive. I was impressed by the relic collections from numerous civilizations, the furniture display. Yes, they have paintings on the wall and some are lovely - but I was much more captured and actually enjoyed the other installations.I also spent a good amount of time in the Imagine Exhibition (John Lennon and Yoko Ono). I wasn't aware of Yoko's contributions to this museum and her living installations (hammering nails into a block, nails and hammer provided, as well as the wish trees) were incredibly interesting - and the thrill of my visit was seeing John Lennon's piano.So kudos to the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts - as someone who "doesn't get it" and have self imposed a museum ban typically I throughly enjoyed my afternoon there.
5	This review is for the exhibition "Imagine: The Peace Ballad of John and Yoko" (April 2 - June 21, 2009) only.Imagine love.Imagine a love story of two people: a man named John Lennon and a woman named Yoko Ono. It is a tale of two misfits who somehow found each other, and who fit together to present peace and love to the world.Imagine peace.I don't know why, really, but the love story of John and Yoko has always been dear to my heart. So when I planned my trip to Montreal and booked a room at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth, I was excited to learn that this hotel was the very site of one of the couple's famous bed-ins for peace, in 1969.In the lobby of the hotel I saw a poster promoting an exhibition called "Imagine Peace" at the Museum of Fine Arts (or Musee des Beaux-Arts de Montreal)--a tribute to John and Yoko's vision of world peace.Imagine joy.The exhibit begins with brief bios of both John and Yoko and photos of when they were younger, before they met. The entryway is filled with the sound of John and Yoko calling each other's names, one of their "experimental" recordings. The next gallery documents their meeting, relationship, and subsequent marriage in Gibraltar, with many multimedia artworks interspersed throughout: an interactive artwork of Yoko's that encourages visitors to hammer a nail into a wooden board, a voice recording of Yoko reading her poetry, and videos of the couple.But it wasn't until I entered the next gallery that I had that rare realization that I had been exactly where I was supposed to be exactly when I was supposed to be there in Montreal. In the introductory text for this gallery, I read that John and Yoko had their bed-in for peace on June 1st, 1969, and recorded "Give Peace a Chance"--exactly 40 years earlier to the day that I checked into the Fairmont.The exhibition's curators did a fantastic job of staying true to John and Yoko's aesthetic of making art accessible and interactive. The bed-in gallery is actually dominated by a real bed, and visitors are encouraged to pose on the bed and take photos (in fact, photography is allowed throughout the exhibit).The next gallery focuses on the "War is Over" years, with a forest of video monitors showing footage of the protests against the Vietnam War. Another gallery is dedicated to the song "Imagine," which was written by John but heavily influenced by some of Yoko's earlier poetry. In contrast to the other galleries, almost everything in this one is white--including the famous white Baldwin piano, at which people can play along to "Imagine" as it sounds throughout the gallery.The exhibition concludes with a forest of wish trees. Taking inspiration from a Japanese tradition of writing messages on small pieces of paper at shrines, this interactive piece asks people to write their own wishes and then hang the inscribed paper tags from the branches of the trees clustered in the gallery.Imagine hope.Note: Admission to the exhibition is free, but there is a donation box at the exit to the exhibition. I encourage people to make even a small donation to help to fund equally wonderful exhibits in the future.
5	Built over three galleries and their underground connections, the museum is moderately sized for a city of 4 million people.  It's got collections covering the antiquities to contemporary art and sculpture, but the focus is Canadian art (as it should be) and contemporary Canadian art at that. It's got a lot of RIopelle, Paul-Emile Borduas, Ozias Leduc as well as an impressive permanent exhibit on the Old Masters.  It does feature temporary traveling exhibits (sometimes for an extra fee).The museum is free but donations are encouraged, and you can easily spend an entire afternoon in the museum (3-4 hours). It's best to pick up a map of the museum at the entrance so as to direct your self-guided tour.  There are wheelchairs and coat check available if you need them.  There is also a museum restaurant in the Demarais Pavillion (the newest gallery) if you want to eat.  It's no Met, but I loved it, and I would put it on my "Must See" list for any art lover visiting the city.
5	It's definetly a must in the Culture scene of Montreal. It happens to be really important place where there's some really interesting exposition. I like how they've change their expositions over time by changing the exposition that were mainly for 1 artist to Themes that are making us discover a subject instead of ONE artist. I don't dislike the Idea of seeing one day an exposition of Dali. But when I was Cuba 1 yr ago I was sublime by the beauty of the Country.  The exposition starts from the begining of Cuba and end with the Castro Revolution. My friends went to the Imagine exposition celebrating the 40-50th aniversary of the Bed In they (Lenon and Yoko) in Montreal. There was only some picture and mainly the one who were touched were babyboomers being nostalgic about that time. Still it's a 5 stars for me because at one point, there is going to be an exposition that will take you off the TV ...
5	admission is free.  the museum is first class.  every trip to montreal should include a visit to the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts.
4	An excellent museum.  And FREE admission!!I didn't like the Hornstein/Stewart Pavilion because they housed art that I don't particularly like.  There were some paintings, but they housed stained glass, some chairs, etc.  I know it is art to some, but not me.I did enjoy the Desmarais Pavilion though.  There were a lot of interesting pieces from artists that I have never heard of.  They had Bonaparte's portrait of a young man and one of his hats he wore during his conquering.  It was quiet, modern, and in a nice area.  Stop by and enjoy the culture, it'll be worth it.
3	I was not a huge fan of this museum.  Here's the good:Free!  That's always great for those of us on a tight budget! Pretty big...Nice...Really cool Napoleon ExhibitHere the not-so good:Even thought it's mainly free, some of the visiting exhibits you have to pay forMost of it was modern art, which I am not a fan of.  I'm sorry, two overlapping squares of different shades of green is not art.  Furniture that can be seen in last year's Ikea catalog is not art! Even the real art, like Monet, were all pretty small collections and definitely not some of the more famous or better pieces of work.  I hate giving only three stars to a museum, especially a free one, but I definitely wouldn't come back to this one unless they completely changed their exhibits.
4	Not the best collection of masters, but still a good way to spend a day. And by 'a day' I mean you will spend a good couple of hours in there. The permanent collection is free to the public, but special collections were $16/ adult. Seems a bit much, but whatever, sometimes it's worth it (I guess). I have not been there any of those times. This past December it was Waterhouse. meh. The cafe is a good place for a break, but it's not cheap. I especially love the contemporary and decorative arts sections. But there's something for everyone, even kids! Get your culture on there.
5	This review is for the exhibit "Imagine", that Yoko Ono put up to honor John Lennon. It was last April I went and although I just happened to be in Montreal , I would have gone just for this exhibit. Fantastic, moving, educational, etc etc. It was brilliantly done with info on John before and after the Beatles, his connection with Yoko, their anti war efforts, recordings...very large exhibit with interactive displays too. visitors get to add to yoko's exhibit, stamp the peace map, write a note or wish and tie it to the peace tree. not only did i get to understand lennon so much better, but i felt like yoko was interested in who visited.and it was free! and allowed pictures. One of the very best things I have ever seen in my life. The rest of the museum is also great. I was mainly there for imagine since I was sick and had to catch a bus home that afternoon. Much better then the museum of modern art in my opinion but that depends i guess on what type of art you like.
4	I was lucky enough to catch the Tiffany exhibit in this amazing museum space, which is practically a piece of art in and of itself. It can be a little confusing, as it is comprised of more than one building, but they're helpful about pointing you in the right direction (for me, it was across the street), if necessary. This was by far my favorite cultural experience while in Montreal. World-class collections and just a fabulous place to get lost in for the day.
5	Wow!  My jazz-loving and playing husband and I were thrilled to go to the Miles Davis exhibit, "We Want Miles."  This special exhibit featured sound clips, paintings by Miles Davis (yes, he painted) and others, Miles's trumpets and accessories, and awesome photographs of Miles Davis and his band.  This was actually a really large exhibit and took some time to get through.  We really enjoyed this; it may have been our favorite part of our trip to Montreal.  The museum is free if you do not go to the special exhibit and $15 Canadian if you do.  There are special rates for students/seniors/youth.  The rest of the museum is also great and deserves to be looked at.  The small steps between floors were kind of weird though and we preferred to take the elevator.  That's my only complaint.
4	In every city I visit, I HAVE to go to at least 1 art museum.  I have an art background and I love to wander around the halls pretending that I am even 1/2 as good as the artists hanging on the walls.  The Musee Des Beaux-Arts is located on both sides of the street with one looking more classical (but housing the more modern artwork) and one that is more modern (but houses the more classical works).  I was really impressed by the variety of pieces that they had as some fine arts museums have not quite embraced the modern fine arts movement.  It was nice to see some of the newer artists and see that they had a proper place within fine arts.One of the nicer rooms in the Classical looking side (Hornstein/Stewart Pavilion) is hidden off to the side of the upper floor where the art is interactive.  You can sit on the furniture, listen to waterfalls and music, and even sit out on the balcony if you need some inspiration for your own artwork.I agree with one of the other reviewers that the very shallow and long steps in the Desmarais Pavilion were a bit difficult to walk on.  Either take very small steps or really long steps.  Or I took two at a time.  Really worked those glutes!Best of all FREE!!!
4	Really enjoyed this museum of fine arts during my tour of Montreal.  First off, it's free.  That is unless you want to see one of the special exhibits.  It was $15 to see the "We Want Miles" Miles Davis exhibit.  No worries at all on that.  Money well spent.  It was a big exhibit that plays videos and sound clips all throughout as you progressed through the growth and times of this legendary jazzman.  As with every museum exploration I have, I learned something too.  While I knew that Miles went through his junkie phase, I did not know that he jammed with the Grateful Dead.  How about that?  Lots of cool trumpets, pictures, posters and paintings all around.  Who knew Miles was so talented with a brush too?As for the rest of the museum, eh.  Very few pieces from the impressionists and a lot of weird modern art.  The cannibal monkeys and the pics of people plunging to their death from the twin towers were a bit much.  And what is up with the tiny stairs?  Everyone walking around seemed full scale.
4	Inuit stone sculptures, pre-Colombian pottery and African tribal masks. Woohoo!Go to the Musee de l'Orangerie for "famous" Monets.
5	Great exhibit of Otto Dix. Glad we were able to make it before the exhibit closed. well curated and put together. Very heavy on the text though, which was interesting given the first quote from Dix when walking in. It said something like: I won't talk about my work--if you have eyes, look.One great feature about the museum is the one point where there is what looks to be a frame on the wall, but it's just a cut out that looks into the next gallery, so you can see people looking at the art. Totally gives the museum character and a sense of humor that you don't ever find elsewhere.Great touch.
5	One of my favourite places to spend an afternoon
4	I'm so sad this place looks like it is going out of business (as of Feb 15th 2011).Everything was kind of half off, sloppily placed on the shelves in disarray and the selection wasn't as awesome as it was in 2010. At any rate, if they manage to make it through or merge with the art/book store beside it, you should drop by here and take a look around. There were a lot of cool things you couldn't find anywhere else, and they sold some of the coolest bags...
4	3 blocks from my hotel?  Sweet!The terracotta Chinese warriors were here and so was I.  I was so glad this exhibit was here when I arrived.  The place was packed nice and early, but I got in no problem.  I loved the layout of the warriors.  The history and descriptions were great.  The overall experience was fantastic.I also enjoyed the Christian religious paintings, but not the contemporary art.  It's just not my thing.Easily accessable and cheap.  Free for permanent exhibits.
4	The 90 years and 90 objects exhibit was very interesting.  They had General Wolf's lock of hair and journal.  The photo exhibit of the history of Montreal on the third floor was also quite fascinating.  Especially the ice cutting.  The history of photographic printing was also worthwhile.Overall, 2-3 hr well spent.
4	Montreal's major art museum--the place where most of its blockbuster shows take place, some of which (like the John & Yoko show) can be surprisingly/refreshingly challenging
4	What is often missed at the Montreal museum of fine art is the permanent collection. If you are short on cash, check out the the collection, its totally free! From Napoleon's hat to Kent Monkman's eye opening painting there is something for everyone!
5	Simply outstanding. The permanent collection is a fantastic mix of ancient, classic, and modern art. The collection is balanced and totally engaging. I went with my sister, who typically gets bored in large museums, and on the way out she marveled that she loved everything and wasn't bored at all. Trust me, that's high praise coming from her. I was lucky enough to be in town while the Jean Paul Gaultier exhibit was in town. It was SPECTACULAR. The special exhibit cost $15, but it was worth every cent.Best thing? The magnificent and huge permanent collection is FREE. World class art for free? Yes, please!
4	We kept showing up too late to get into their permanent collection but the third time was the charm. They've got a nice little collection running from European landscapes to modern/abstaract pieces. we stayed for about an hour which is all you really need to go through the 4 floors. We didn't spring for the special exhibition but most of the visitors seemed pleased with what they saw. Beware of the very awkward stair/ramp walkway between floors and check out the giftshop which has a nice range of selections and always has something on sale.
2	In terms of the fashion world, I'm the first to admit that I pretty much know nothing. Nonetheless, in the spirit of openness, I went to the JPG Exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts in Montreal. It was the second last day of the exhibit and there was a an hour line-up to get in. At least I now understand that fashion shows are meant as art and not really clothing. Apparently JPG paid the museum to showcase his work and contribution to the arts. A little bit of blowing his own horn but then again, I imagine that's what fashion designers are all about.- Madonna's pointy bra and some concept art by JPG- Cool concept on display in which the mannequins had a face projected on it. It made the mannequins look freaky and robotic- A leopard dress...or so it seems, 1,060 hours to create- Dress made of movie film- Umbrella and dress made of hair- Costumes for Depeche Mode, Nirvana and not surprisingly Lady Gaga
4	Beautiful exhibits (some pieces were recently at the MoMA nyc) The top floor was closed which was a little disappointing but well worth the trip.
4	The Montreal fine arts museum consists of three amazing buildings connected by an underground hall that runs beneath Sherbrooke. The newest is a gorgeous historic church, modern and bright on the inside with 4 floors of Canadian art compellingly curated and really showing off some of the strengths of the permanent collection. The permanent collection at the fine arts is always free, which is the way public art should be. There have been some amazing, eye opening, playful, creative shows here over the years: the Hitchcock exhibit, John and Yoko, Gaultier, and most recently Big Bang play with what a fine arts museum can do and I lurve that.
5	Love both the new Canadian galleries in the old Church and the refurbishment of the other pavilions. The art seems to fit in much better in its environment than before. There's more of an aesthetic and historical flow in the presentation. Truly a world class institution
5	Saw the Lyonel Feininger exhibit today. One of the best shows I've seen in years - a superbly presently career overview of a remarkable artist and craftsman
5	When I lived in Montreal I was a block away from this museum, and really didn't take advantage of this amazing place. The permanent exhibit is free (or donation..) and is great, and I have never been disappointed by the traveling exhibits. They recently expanded the museum by renovating an old church, and connecting it underground to the two other already existing buildings. Architecturally, the three buildings are beautiful, mixing both o;d and contemporary design. From May-October they are closing a part of du musee which sucks for cars but is great for anyone hwo wants just just relax and enjoy the Montreal summer weather while looking at beautiful outdoor art.
4	There were many reasons why i thought i wouldn't like this museum1. The layout is super confusing, and I hate feeling dumb2. The stairs. They're weird. 3. I dragged my southern father here who was huffing and puffingSo yes, there were many challenges facing this museum. I'm not quite sure why I decided to go in the first place. This museum is elegant. And I CRAVE to be elegant. I am a mess of run on sentences that would terrify my 6th grade English teacher. The permanent collection is FREE! In a country where I'll must likely pay 15% tax on everything, this was refreshing. I give it a standing ovation, a mighty opus!
5	This is well worth it.   The price is right at free.  Many exhibits.   See them all
5	Well worth a visit!  To do this museum justice, you need to devote an entire day to it.  Extensive permanent collection (no admission charge.) Four separate buildings, connected by underground tunnels.  We very much enjoyed the look and feel of the new Jean-Noel Desmarius Pavilion.  Excellent retrospective on Pop Artist Tom Wesselman.  His 3-dimensional metal art was tres cool -- steel and aluminun cut-out figures, all the more impressive because Wesselman had to do it all mechanically, BEFORE the technology of lasers was available.  (Special exhibit fees of $12 apply to shows like this.)Back to the permanent collection:  Impressive body of Western Art, including works by Rembrandt, Goya, El Greco, Renoir, Courbet, etc,  We had fun looking around their decorative arts and design collection as well.  Loved their wooden dresser in the shape of a giant hand grenade.  Awesome.  Check out their gift shop -- crazy/cool/ imaginative stuff in there.
5	Lovely museum and the best part is that it was totally free. Well organized exhibits that make it possible to enjoy the artworks in neat groups with a minimum of distractions. It's clear that they have a lot of stuff to display so some of the Classics were a bit crowded (who knew that Picasso had painted a water pitcher?) but it was worth it to see all this great art.The stairs are a bit odd. Pretty, but odd.Free wi-fi and free audio guides!
5	I enjoyed the John Lennon exhibition
5	A terrific museum and free! Ideally suited for folks like me that don't want to do a whole day, just want to go in for a couple of hours, see a couple interesting things and go back for more on another day. I went to the Modern and Contemporary galleries.  They were not large but had a terrific array of international and Canadian artists.  Modern was impressive! Was not expecting such extensive holdings of Picasso, Rodin, etc. My favourite, though, was the Contemporary.  I have had fairly recent visits to the MOMA, and to the Pop exhibits and the National Art Gallery and the Art Gallery of Ontario.  But the Musee's exhibit was just plain fun! Interesting, amusing, and thought provoking pieces arranged to accommodate strolling grown-ups and hollering day-camp groups equally well.
5	Simply loved this place.I live in NY and I visit Montreal annually.  It was free, although a donation was suggested. There is a glass frame where people place their donations into. That was pretty cool to see all the various currency displayed in the glass casing. The art varied, from fine art, to modern art, sculptures paintings, and artifacts. The museum is  spacious, well maintained, full of security, and info is posted both in French and English. The exterior is also lovely, and there are statues, hearts and plenty of photo op's  to be taken around the museum's. I will be sure to visit again.  Yes the stairs are weird, but I only used them to get to the lowest level.
5	What a find! This place is gorgeous and free (for the permanent exhibits)!I went with my honey on a rainy Sunday to take in some art and had a blast. The only problem was when we got in a heated debate over a piece of art. We got really upset with eachother because I was right, and my honey wouldn't admit it....But that isn't the museum's fault after all, so you should go and see all of these Canadian artists that are incredibly talented but unheard of in the states. They also have other sections of European artists as well, but we really marvelled over some contemporary Canadian art. There is also a really terrific modern area with diffent styles of furniture and home appliances and pieces from the everyday that makes for an exceptional tour and discussion. But please don't be like a lot of odd folks we saw who all kept touching and squeezing the displays. The poor docents had to speak with them about it each time, and made the vibe a bit awkward, but again, that is not the museum's fault! Don't touch the art, people! Even if it isn't a painting.But go (for free!) and take in some beautiful displays.
5	Oh my goodness, this is definitely the place to view beautiful art collections in Montreal! When I last visited Montreal in 2006, I came here on a rainy day with my family. I was fascinated by the history behind each work along with learning about Canadian artists and others in Europe that I never hear of much back in the States. I really like the style of the stairs as well.This museum is definitely worth checking out when visiting Montreal. I can guarantee that you will learn some history from there.
5	Great items, and free admission! If you are looking to get a nice mix of different forms of art and from multiple time periods this should be a museum on your list.
5	World class museum. You will need a full day to see the exhibits. The bistro was very good also, and the bookstore was amazing.
4	I liked the heart statues that were outside!This museum is HUGE, free and has free wifi!  Hehe, can't go wrong there!  There's so many floors/rooms to check out paintings, but my favorite part was downstairs in the kids section, which had a wall of hundreds of stuffed animals.  Then there was the life-sized grenade, and tons of statues.  I always like the modern art section in museums more, and whatever else that sticks out!
5	The best museum in Montreal. The temporary exhibitions are of very high quality. Love Saturday and Sunday morning time for visit. Less people and you can have the chance a volunteer to guide you through the exhibit.
3	I usually love art museums and can spend all day within them, but this one just didn't keep my attention as long as I hoped it would. While it's great that it's free admission and that it has artifacts from Napoleon (his death mask, hat, and shirt), there's way too much modern art junk for my taste (a big wooden grenade and a dirty ATV that was shot with arrows, seriously??). It'll take you a good two hours to walk through the whole museum and if you have free time on an afternoon, I'd say check it out, but don't expect too much.
5	What a treasure!! The Musee Des Beaux Arts captivates and captures the imagination without taking prisoners.I love a museum that has brilliant art, amazing special exhibits, and bright spaces that are approachable. You could stay here an hour or two days and feel welcome and amazed, regardless of your knowledge of art. Every city should be so fortunate.
3	I mean, I'm an art lover, so I love checking out the different art in different cities. This was pretty basic, with a combination of a few, small pieces from the late 1800s - early 1900s, but more famous artists and a large selection of more modern art, some of which was interesting. The First Nation's art collection was surprisingly small and not much stood out to me as being really breathtaking. But honestly, I feel that way about the AGO and the National Gallery in Ottawa, unless they are having a special exhibit, so you know...hey, that's Canadian galleries I guess...especially after you get spoiled looking in the galleries in London, Paris and Rome! It is what it is! That said, it's still worth checking out if you like art...and maybe even if you don't, because it is FREE baby!
5	Little steps, little steps, so many little steps WHY?!My theory is that they betted it would be easier to climb/go down. It isn't. So my other theory is that you have to be mindful and engaged while climbing them, so you immediately know you are in a museum, and thus start creating your own museum experience.. Anyway. I find they have really stepped up their game in the past few years, the exhibits are consistently worthwhile, even though the curating isn't always on point. I haven't visited the permanent exhibits of the museum in a while, so I can't comment on that, I should though , and so should you, 'cause it's now free! The hours aren't very convenient, chances are you'll want to come back. At this point I'd consider a membership, which gives you perks in plenty of other Montreal museums and even some restaurants. The guided tours can be hit or miss, but then they are free, so come again! The nearby church is now part of the museum, go check out the stained glass, or attend concerts. You can never go wrong here. A word of advice, the books are incredible in the museum store, but I'd suggest writing down titles you like, and comparing prices on Amazon before buying anything...
5	This is a really great museum, and its free unless you attend the special exhibits.  You could easily spend an entire day looking over their collection of art.
5	This museum is well worth a visit for anyone in Montreal and not just cause it is free (other than the temporary exhibits which charge an admission fee) but because I found it a nice place to wander around especially when you want to escape the weather outside. The Museum is made up of three buildings linked together by an underground passage (the only entrance is through the building with the red heart sculpture out the front). The main building is the biggest building and has exhibits on European religious art to contemporary art as well as a cafeteria that looks more like a fancy restaurant. Across the street in the other two buildings is one made up mainly of Canadian indigenous people art and the other building had fine art furniture and things. I have visited here three times seeing a different building each time cause art can be a little overwhelming but you could easily spend a couple of hrs here wandering around and much longer if you pay for the temporary exhibits. Make sure you take a look at the sculptures and things outside the buildings too because they are also worth a look.Worth a visit by everyone.
4	This is a spectacular museum.  While the collection isn't on par with the Metropolitan Museum in New York, it's still an interesting collection with lots of depth.  What impressed me the most, however, was that with the exception of any special exhibits, the museum is free.After browsing the galleries, we took a free tour of the decorative arts glass collection, which exposed me to pieces I probably wouldn't have checked out otherwise.  I found it interesting and especially loved the Art Deco pieces.  I also love European Art and enjoyed those galleries the most.  There are many memorable pieces.I was bummed that we visited just days before a Dale Chihuly exhibit opened.  It's something I would definitely recommend (the only thing you'll have to pay for) based on a spectacular exhibit he did at the Atlanta Botanical Garden nine years ago.  There's a large piece out front to pique your interest.  But hurry, it closes in a couple of weeks.Two restaurants are also available in the museum, one white table cloth, the other a more casual cafeteria style good for sandwiches and snacks.We spent an enjoyable Sunday afternoon immersed in spectacular art.  The museum should be a must visit on your trip to Montreal.
4	Everybody wants to be a little closer to free... and you are with the permanent exhibits at Musee Des Beaux-Arts. Admission is free to those! Visiting exhibitions, $20 for 31+, $12 for 30 and under.I went to see the visiting exhibit, Splendors of Venezia up on the 3rd floor. I grabbed an audio program to supplement the walk through (it was selections of Venetian music rather than a guided audio tour) and made my way through the different instruments and paintings. I took my time, stopped to listen more closely to some of the music and examine the paintings and pieces they had been associated with.The rest of my visit I whirled through rather quickly, after an hour and a half of Venice, I think my brain was getting a bit of culture overload. Anyway, beautiful museum and love that they've made the permanent exhibits fully accessible to all visitors!
4	It's a good place to go to... It's great to have the possibility of accessing arts like this for free. You sometimes have fantastic exposition. I'd recommend for everyone to go there and not miss out. I've seen some incredible pieces of work there.
4	Free is good and this museum is very beautiful. I followed the advice of Frommer's and started at the top floor. However, partially due to the fact that the floor plans they offered at the entrance were only in French (I'm guessing I could have found an English one if I had asked), I was a little confused about the layout and the fact that there were other buildings. I suppose the Frommer's could have explained this as well.At any rate, the top floor in the main pavilion is medieval and early modern art which I really enjoyed. It took me quite a while to take in this floor. I liked the extensive descriptions for each section and the paintings more specifically. One odd result of being so specific about the periods/schools of painting is that it really highlights how small some of their holdings are in particular periods/regions. I didn't agree with some other reviewers who said they didn't have a very "good" collection. While there were not "signature" pieces, as one said, I actually enjoyed seeing more minor works from major artists like Picasso, Renoir, Monet, and Rembrandt. They are not familiar because they are not typically pictured in art books, but this makes them feel fresh and interesting at the same time. No, the museum is not bursting with all of the best known pieces, but I generally liked the ones they had. I was really bummed out when I saw how expensive the cafe is here. I noted that on TA several people liked it, but I think it's outrageous for lunch to cost $24 CA! I guess maybe they are hoping to make a little money on the side since admission is free. I would think this would be frustrating with a family because the museum is pretty sizable and I'm not sure how you would afford to feed everyone when they get cranky. I was very cranky when I left the museum to find some affordable food. Luckily, I could come back in for free. I think they need to include an affordable option in their upcoming expansion.My other realization at about an hour and a half before closing was that-- hey, there are like 3 other buildings to see! So, obviously my attempt to zip through them and survey the territory was pointless. I had reached what I call "museum saturation" which is when your brain fails to take in any new information or appreciate any works of art. It suddenly all starts to look the same or just look bad. I would like to come back and check out the pavilions I missed. It's great that it's free for locals so they came sample more art. Besides the restaurant, the only negative I would offer is with regard to non-Western art. I am hoping it's because they are still expanding, but the sections with Mesoamerican and African art were terrible! I stumbled upon them in the back of the Stewart Pavilion when I decided I couldn't handle modern decorative art (due to my saturation). I don't want to get into the details, but I didn't think they were curated well at all. There was a modern piece of African art next to ancient pieces and since the modern piece was a collection of masks that was meant to be a playful commentary on the circus (? I dunno that's what the sign said), it was bizarre next to the ancient ones. Also, their collections in these sections were so small that by necessity they covered huge swathes of time and lumped huge geographic areas together without adequate explanation or differentiation. In sum, I would say "room for improvement." Much of what they have is great and I love the free admission and their European collections, but in general they could tweak it to make it better.
5	A unique exhibit of Peter Doig work and an excellent restaurant.  This was our first visit to Montreal and we ended up at the Museum of Fine Art accidentally after taking the wrong bus headed for another museum and wanting to get out of the rain and have lunch.  We were greeted in the lobby by a huge and beautiful Dale Chihuly glass work, our hometown artist in Seattle.  The Peter Doig exhibit was stunning and of particular interest to us for the tropical and landscape themes.  The restaurant was excellent and quite comparable to good restaurants we experienced in Paris, both in terms of service, food and wine.  I had a perfectly cooked Atlantic salmon with a good Bordeaux and my wife had a beet salad a vegetable cream soup.  We split a scrumptious lemon meringue tart.  We had hoped to find a good French restaurant in Montreal and our wish came true along with a rewarding art experience.
4	This was a great museum to visit in Montreal.  There's a variety of interesting pieces everywhere.  The museum is located in the central part of Montreal and very easy to get to...from that area there are a ton of other interesting spots to see.
4	This place isn't just for tourists. I've been a VIP member here for a few years, and it's definitely worth the cost! You get in to the special exhibits for free, and never have to wait in line. These exhibits are always great (Chihuly's in particular was amazing), and they are always putting on free films and talks to get people involved in the art scene.The free section is worth checking out as well. So whether you're a tourist, or a local, don't forget to give this museum a shot!
3	Always interesting things to see at Musee des Beaux Arts de Montreal. 2 huge pavilions spanning Sherbrooke St. with a variety of art (and art forms) for all tastes. The problem is that IT IS NO LONGER FREE to access the permanent collection, unless you're under 30 years old. Bizarre. Those of us who are born too long ago have to pay to get in now. Be sure to check the site before going.. Recent change.
5	When traveling to new places, I try to absorb as much of the culture as possible. In Montreal, they are known for their arts. This is probably the best art museum I have ever been to in my life, thus far. If I had to choose my favorite exhibit, it would have to be Michel Lemieux - Victor Pilon's Dreamscapes. It's located in the theater room at the bottom floor and the show presents different mix of emotions - Joy, Anger, Sadness, Fear, and Happiness...through a dream state. Words really can't describe the experience I felt in that room. My second favorite has to be the  Decorative Arts and Design floor. Definitely a Must-See Attraction in Montreal!
5	This is a really nice museum, and to top it off, it's free for those under 30! Why wouldn't you stop by and do some exploring?My favorite sections were the International Contemporary Art and Decorative Arts and Design. However, there's quite a bit of modern art, as well as older galleries back to Gothic and the Renaissance. The current exhibit of Dreamscapes was interesting, but a little bit too freaky for me. Lots of things to do and see. We spent about two hours here, which was really nice because it was smack dab in the middle of the afternoon. Better to be indoors than under the blazing sun. The real one, not the Chihuly sun across the street.Still need to wait in the queue for a ticket even if you fall under free admission. Line moves pretty quickly. Must use free coat check if carrying anything larger than a purse. Street metered parking outside was pretty easy.
4	Great museum! It was free when we went, I hear it is no longer so. Highlights include the Asian collection, and the applied arts area. They have some furniture , and chess peices designed by Salvador Dali.
4	i love fine arts and i love this place! always get a giggle stopping by the grenade drawer sculpture. i mean, bruno mars!!!there's always some interesting exhibits going on and the permanent ones are still interesting enough to look at once in a while as you might see something you didn't see previously. yes, its not free anymore if you're over 30 which sucks as, let's face it, that's the demographic that goes to museums a lot. you still have access to them if you pay for one of the exhibit so its not so bad.and they always have something going on during nuit blanche but its totally not worth it. last year, they had a chocolate fountain (sounds awesome) but it was underwhelming as you couldn't access it..
4	+++Aside from special exhibit, including coat check, this is completely free. Just wak right inUnderground system of tunnels that lead easily to all four buildings++Enough exhibits that don't completely dominate your day. We spent about two hours here, simply browsing and moving without reading too many of the information plaques+Plenty of seating to rest sore feet-No WiFi, I've been spoiled by American museums incorporation of wifi and app technology into their exhibits
5	This place is really three buildings united by an underground floor.  It was great once you checked your coat not having to go back outside again. We presented our student ID and got in free (except for a special Van Gogh exhibition). They had a lot of interesting exhibits, incorporating a variety type of arts. Liked their  Baroque era, Renaissance and African art. We were able to breeze through everything under 2hrs.Could linger here all day. Plenty of space to take a nap. Clean facilities. Beautiful decor.
4	Interesting collections with something for most people.  while the overall amount of space limits the depth or extent of what they display, the collection does show solid examples of most genres, particularly those of European/Western History. Plan on doing some walking as the collections are shown in two separate buildings across from each other connected by an walkaway beneath the street. Certainly do-able for most folks but there are some stairs and escalators to be dealt with, which bog down when things get crowded, which can be frequently. The special admissions (free for those under 30, or Montreal locales) may or may not still be available as we heard they were going to end when we visited. Special exhibits are typically about $20. They also have special Art Ed workshop activities for kids. If there is Wifi here, it is password protected or not working when we visited : (
5	A lovely museum with great exhibitions, fairly prized as well.Annoying stairs though, it's a good thing they have elevators so you can avoid them (huzzah!).
5	What an awesome place! I went there today with my family and we had a blast. There are three buildings to the museum and they are all connected through tunnels, which I was happy about because it was -10 degrees outside.Its a great place to visit if you want to find something to do for a few hours.
