1	Restaurant was very dirty inside. The manager taking our order got it wrong 3 times. They've got 7 people working and still can't keep chicken ready to serve. Waited 7 minutes just to place our order to find out they had none and it would be another 15 minutes to cook some more. The spicy chicken strips (while had good flavor)  were extremely dry and small (more like large chicken nuggets). The green beans were cold, the large mashed potatoes were only half full and their soda tasted like the machine had not been cleaned in a few months. Very disappointing.
1	VEHEMENT is putting it mildly!!! I went thru the drive thru of this Popeye's while  on my lunch break on 4/17/2012. I started watching my calories for health reasons. I must say the lady @ the window assisted me, as she took my order with excellent customer service. So I decided to go back today 4/18/2012 and order the chicken wrap as I did yesterday. It is only a $1.61 nothing at all to pay, when I usually spend over 5 bucks a day for lunch. But like I stated, I was watching my calories. I pulled in approached the speaker and asked  to order a chicken wrap WITH OUT the WRAP ( a heavy, large, flour,  tortilla) Which makes up most of the chicken wrap, in addition to the calories. Immediately with out any thought the woman-behind the speaker said "No! We can't do that) this was @ 12:30 noon Ironically there were no cars behind me. That should have been a red flag to me. But I was hungry and apparently oblivious too. So I said I would pull forward to the window. As I approached the window I repeated the order and the woman said "I told you NO we can't do that". My reply was: What do you mean you can do that?  She says in her very broken English, You have to buy the chicken strip separately and it will cost you more. @ that point I requested to speak with a member of management. She rolled her eyes telling me I am the manager. SMH because I'm hungry, my lunch is just about over. I didn't believe Melissa, because the badge she  was wearing did not indicate manager, and her appearance defiantly  was not that of a manager over seeing an eatery.    So I became upset at this point. I asked her what was the problem? mentioning that my request was not rocket science. I didn't want anything free. All I wanted was my chicken strip and tablespoon of red beans and rice that come in side of the wrap.No more no less. She asked me how is she to prepare that. With tears in my eyes, because I was starving and my time was limited. I said... Look lady, how difficult is it to place a chicken strip and a tablespoon of red beans and rice on the the paper you wrap the wrap in. She says:" well it's gonna  take four minutes to cook, because you dunt tell me if you want the chicken spicy or mild". Then she request that I park off to the side of restaurant as the chicken cooks. And some one will bring it out,Because customers were behind me. I asked her what the hell am I?  and I refused to move until she gave me my order. Amazingly  the chicken strip appeared before my eyes. But the saddest part about it, was after all of the drama ,I returned to work late and hungry. I was afraid to eat the food Concerned that It may have been tampered with. A word of advise to Corporate and Franchisee alike. I will be sure to spread the news about my Very Poor service at this establishment.  With that said, Hopefully the drive thru will continue to look like a ghost town until your business is no more. And when it happens, Just remember the service @ your establishment is POOR, POOR ,POOR : (
3	Order was prepared quickly and accurately and tasted fine. Could have used more dipping sauce. Fast food in Las Vegas. It is what it is.
1	Terrible customer service. I ordered something at the speaker.. Went to the window to pay and they had got my order wrong for a side, so my bf decided to just keep the side that was wrong and order another side that I had originally asked for at the speaker. The girl said we couldn't order the side at the window and whatever we ordered at the speaker is what we get. Ummm, what I ordered at the speaker is not the correct side you are placing inside my bag, honey!!!! Smh. I wonder how many mistakes and losses of money you guys are getting each day. Not to be rude, but when they had a diverse group of people working there.. The customer service was way better than all the Hispanic female workers in there now. I am of Hispanic background also.. Second time that I went.. The same girl was doing drive through.. Our red beans and rice was 75% full and we ordered a large size and the way she bagged everything was horrible .. My chicken was all on the bottom of the bag with the container empty on top. Horrible!!!
1	I just wanted a chicken wrap with ranch.When I visited Popeye's tonight, my sister and I went through the drive-thru. While we were at the speaker, we asked about what was in their chicken wrap. We asked a few questions (if there was lettuce and ranch in it, how big the wrap was), but the ladies couldn't hear us and asked us to finish our order at the window. Eventually, we decided on 2 chicken wraps. While cashing up our order, one of the ladies started talking in Spanish to the cashier. Fortunately for me, my sister understood everything. They called us spoiled, complicated, and picky. Just for asking about the products you were trained to sell? So unprofessional and plain rude! Haha, and to finish it off, she put one packet of ranch in our to-go bag for two wraps. Very poor customer service.About the food.. The chicken in the wraps were good. Flavorful like I hoped. The wrap itself was sooo plain. The ladies never told us they put rice and beans in the wrap when we clearly asked what was in it. Obviously ranch would be terrible in this kind of wrap.I don't like writing these kinds of reviews. I love Popeye's, but I will definitely not be returning to this particular store.
1	This place has terrible customer service. I was in the drive through and wanted to add a soda to my order and they told me I couldn't get one because someone was behind me and the couldn't re-open my check?! That is so ridiculous. What kind of business is this where I can't add something to my order? They couldn't have gone to another register that was open?! I have never been to a place in my life that was not able to add something to a check. They must not want any business. They need to train their staff a lot better!!
1	I really love Popeyes they have excellent food. But the one on bonanza has the worst customer service especially the drive thru girl her name is Kenia. She has the worst attitude and the worst customer service. I asked for a drink holder she threw down my straws and rolled her eyes because I asked for a drink holder. I hope they find professional employees for their establishment. Because she is worst employee on the one on bonanza specially that drive thru girl.
1	Went there tonight with my husband, the food was prepared kind of quick. We got home and there were more crunch than meat on the tenders not only that the meat was extremely dry, the fries were chewy. The manager looked as if she had a problem with people ordering food. The whole establishment is terrible, the worst I probably will never go there
4	We have been here a few times and each time was a pleasant experience. Now, we've never been through the drive through which apparently catches hella flack on here lol but the service inside isn't bad. The place is clean. Bathrooms were clean. This is always a wash you're hands after type of meal. Out of all the fast food chicken joints Popeye's is the best imo especially their red beans & rice and their tea. I also like their biscuits and the fact that the food is always hot.
5	Clean and uncrowded. Super fast service and well priced. The atmosphere is really nice for fast food and the food is spectacular. I got the 3 piece combo and they gave me all white meat and it's such a good spice. This is definitely for people who can't stand crowds.
