4	A pretty acceptable Irish Pub for an area lacking in them.  Great selection of beers on tap.  Smithwics, Bass, Harp, Stella, Newcastle, and of course   Guinness.   They've got some pretty good Irish cuisine.  Shepherd's Pie.  Boxty's.  The standard fish n' chips (although the taste is far better then standard).  I've been told the Bangers and Mash is lackluster which is disappointing.  For your classic (i.e., boring) appetite, they have burgers, sandwiches (though the Patty Melt was poor and the Reuben was mediocre), soups, and salads.  Wish the happy hour lasted until 7 as showing up at 6 and missing out on the deals was a little frustrating.  Service was alright.  Not exceptional as the beers took awhile to make it from bar to table.  However, the service isn't going to keep me from going back.Definitely a great place to go after work for some drinks, for dinner, or for a nighttime gathering.  Highly recommended for the beer selection and from what I understand (didn't experience it) a good happy hour.
4	Molly Brannigans is a huge addition to the Val Vista/Baseline block.  I've been for happy hour a few times and as a main bar to hang out at night once or twice.  No, Mesa/Gilbert is not my typical hangout which is why this place doesnt get 5 stars...its not by my house and the clientele is decent but not super-great.  The outside patio is great when its not firey-hot out and the inside has a great Irish-pub atmosphere without the smoke and grime.  Good, classic Irish comfort food paired with good, classic Irish comfort booze.  Happy Hour prices are decent but they do end early so plan accordingly.  I've never sat anywhere but the bar, but have always had good service from cute bartenders.  Cant argue with that.  Cheers.
4	What to say? It's easy to find, right off the 60 on the West side of Val Vista. There's plenty of parking. The restaurant/pub is huge - plenty of dining tables if you're looking for grub. I went during HH. I was looking for beer. My friend and I walked past the bar to grab a pub table - close to the restrooms and where they set up the band on Fridays. We ordered our drinks quickly and then scanned the menu for anything that might strike our fancy. There was plenty to choose from, and it all sounded great. What to nibble on? We went with the fondue appetizer - you can't go wrong with a freshly baked pretzel, sliced apple (two different kinds) and gooey cheese greatness. It hit the spot, along with our brews. The bar seemed a bit sparse for the hour of the day. It didn't really pick up that much either, not even as the band began to play at 9:30. The band was a mix of Irish and Blues. I say that because they opened with upbeat, fun Irish tunes and segued into some Blues. I think I preferred the Blues renditions. The band was nothing to look at, of course - middle aged men with thinning hair. But they worked as background music. Molly's is a fun place. It doesn't have that cozy, quaint feeling of being in a hard-to-find, you're-a-special-patron establishment. Instead, it feels like the TGIFriday's of Irish restaurants. Don't get me wrong - the decor is nice... hardwood floors, interesting things on the wall, a restaurant slogan that makes ya chuckle. I just much prefer a swankier place. So, why 4 stars? Probably was the company, the conversation we had in a place that was relaxed, friendly and serving us both some damn fine beer. (Guinness anyone?) Plus, our nibbling plate of caloric wonderfulness was a treat. Who knew fondue at an Irish bar was going to be any good? I certainly didn't. Oh, and the music was fun. I suggest checking out their website to see which bands are playing, for they seem to invite a large mix of musicians - Something for everyone, I guess. So, if you're looking for an easy, simple and middle-of-the-road Irish pub experience, Molly's is your place. Disclaimer: Review based on one experience.
3	This was such a great idea for this area but it is too small for what could have been. The Guinness is poured spot on and the food is ok. The inside bar/restaurant itself is a beauty but why such a small area for outside tables? I heard a rumor that this place is closing and that's a shame if it's true. There is plenty of parking, especially for the police if you know what I mean. The waitstaff and bartenders when they first opened were phenomenal but quickly most of the great ones left. Went there one St. Patty's day and it was too small. We had one Guinness and left for another locale.
4	This pub/restaurant is a nice addition to the area. It's located in the newer Dana Park outdoor mall which is kind of an upscale, trendy shopping area. The bar itself was pretty nice and the bartenders were attentive. The food was surprisingly good considering it's a chain. It didn't look or feel like a chain which was a definite plus. I had a salad and nachos which I thought were both pretty tasty. The drink prices are a little high but they do have Guinness on draft. I suppose since it's in that nicer shopping area, you pay the "nicer" prices. All in all, it's a good find for the area. Afterall, east Mesa is not the hippest of places so a good local pub is a nice find. I probably wouldn't travel from across the valley just for a nice cold Guiness here but I've had a few fun nights with friends. Also have met some pretty interesting folks sitting at the bar, to which we drank together and shared stories. That's usually a sign of a good night.
3	One word: fondue. It still rocks here. Plenty of cheesy goodness, with slices of apples (two kinds) and two, warm pretzel bread twists. I love it.What I do not love is the service. Spotty, at best. I had to flag our server down to ask for water after I had nursed empty my one-drink maximum. She seemed to check on us once every 1/2 hour, at best. That's why I can't rate this place any higher. She seemed to be annoyed at us, too. Or maybe she was just having a bad day. Whatever the case, I was tempted to ask for another server. Molly's has your standard Irish beer choices, as well as a hearty menu to mull over. But even with all that, my one big draw here is, yes - you better believe it -  the fondue plate.
3	Nice selection on tap and nice atmosphere.  Unfortunately the food doesn't quite get to the 4 or 5 star mark.I was excited to see the traditional Haddock used for fish and chips, especially when I ordered the large portion to share with my wife.  When the plate arrived with a pound of Haddock in two long slabs hanging over the plate (That's what I'm talkin' about!) I was thrilled.  Then a mild case of disappointment set in:  the fish was slightly overdone and tasted a little fishy.  I also did not like that the chips had a coating.  Oh well.  We are a long way from the Atlantic aren't we.
4	Good food.  Reasonable service.  Excellent backroom for having events.  The management has been fantastic in helping set up events from soccer viewing parties to local user group meetings.  Definitely a fun place to drink and be with friends.  The live music and patio setups are wonderful as well.
1	Went there today to have my favourite beer and maybe some fish and chips - the place is closed with a chain and padlock round the door handles - closed for good I understand!
1	CLOSED!They have moved to San Tan Village. Talk about lame.
3	Sad to see they've moved.  Good pints of Guinness, great Irish pub feel with the structures inside (cute little snugs), and food wasn't bad either.  Prices were reasonable, and sad to see this place no longer here.  I feel bad for people who live this far east in the valley as it is, and now they've lost an Irish pub.  So sad.
