5	Great facility!Chandler is the other side of the Valley from me, but since this year's Tri For The Cure took place at Arrowhead Pool and Park, I was able to check it out today for the event.  I loved that it was so easy to get to (just over a mile off of the 101 from the Chandler Blvd exit)...The pool has 8 lanes that are 50 meters in length plus the deep end/diving area (seen in the photo).  The facility has plenty of restrooms, changing rooms, etc... and it's located right in the middle of the beautiful Arrowhead Park - it was a fantastic venue for the Triathlon.Despite the event running an hour and a half behind schedule, it was a ton of fun and ran smoothly once we started.  We enjoyed watching the youth event - it's amazing how many kids participated!  They were so cute!  I recommend both the event as well as this facility depending on your goals and where in the Valley you live.Thanks to the City of Chandler for hosting this amazing event, and for all of the volunteers that helped out along the way!  Congrats to all of those that competed today as well!
5	I love that this pool is never ever crowded.
5	So far, this is my favorite pool to date.  Its a bit out of the way for me, but worth the drive.  Here's why.For starters, the only downside is that its buried deep in a subdivision.  I never knew it was there until I did a search on yelp & the internet for swimming pools.Secondly, this place is HUGE and NOT crowded!  Two entirely seperate swimming areas!  One for the kids, with zero level entry, a water slide and a lazy river.  The "adult" side of the pool is entirely seperate, and Olympic sized! Holy Moly!  Diving boards, swimming lanes, a basketball hoop and TONS of room to move around in.This place, for once, has ample seating! Tons of chairs! Never a problem to find a place to lay out here! Covered seating is also available as well.  Locker rooms are large and plentiful, with lots of toilets, showers, changing areas and lockers for 25 cents.I will go out of my way to swim here. $2.25 for adults, and kids are much less.  Go check this place out!
4	I really like going to Arrowhead Pool.The facility is clean and it has so much useable space.  There are a ton of seats, lounge chairs, and picnic tables.  Even when it's crowded (usually on the weekends) there is ample space for everyone.The lifeguards are nice.  They do their job.  There are a couple of super-lifeguards there that run a tight ship (especially when it comes to unsupervised kids and rowdy teenagers).  My kids especially like the dual diving board area.  They just have a blast when we go to this pool.
3	Pretty good park for the kids. Not the best kept but if you are in the area it is ok.
