5	I have often wondered why the majority of coffee shops in Madison seem to have so little interest in producing truly excellent coffee.  While I still wonder, Johnson Public House runs contrary to this current in most every way.  Their barristas understand the importance of each shot, of producing the perfect place between foam and hot milk which is the basis of every good cappuccino.  Their beans could be used in the best of NW coffee shops and the owners are in the finest tradition of unpretentious Wisconsin.  Their food smells and looks excellent, but it has yet to reach my palette.The bottom line: their coffee is the best I have yet to have in Madison.  They best Ancora without thinking about it.  I feel like I am home in Portland, OR when I step inside.
5	I've been here twice. Wonderful service and amazing coffee.
5	Finally Finally Finally. There is finally a decent coffee shop in this spot. I have watched so many incarnations fail here, it's exciting to see this place doing well!
5	Great coffee. They're the only certified Intelligentsia coffee shop in Wisconsin (I know, surprising). Solid prices for such high quality coffee, like $2.50 for a 12oz. pour-over. The atmosphere is good. Consistent with other coffee shops in the area, kinda antiquey and hip. Service is awesome, nice staff. I highly recommend this place. Likely the best coffee shop in Madison. Unfortunately, i have the feeling it will soon become so busy that i won't be able to find a table on a consistent basis.
2	If you like waiting four minutes for a cup of coffee while awkwardly sitting in a cafe that can be best described as a mix of old farmhouse furniture and modern wood fixtures, the public house may be for you.  The off-white/blue walls compliment the numerous wooden cutouts of words like 'hope' and 'happiness'.  The coffee is well done, but without kickapoo, or any local roaster, who cares (when you can get better kickapoo down the street at bradbury's).  The owners typically loiter at the bar with an infant, so getting any work done can be difficult unless you have some good headphones.  Ultimately if you can't walk four blocks to any cafes on the square and don't care about ambiance, this is a good place to check out.
4	I'm actually here right now writing this. I really like how bright and airy it is in here -- makes it much easier to get work done. My one complaint is that the drinks are actually pretty pricey. A large iced coffee (16 oz) is $3.70. I was actually really surprised by that price (no prices listed on the menu for iced drinks). It is really good though so I'd probably get it again. This place is definitely an upgrade from Company of Thieves.
5	Top notch coffee, good hours, free parking, easy to bike to and snacks. What more could you want? I've been seriously disturbed by the lack of good french press and pour over coffee in Madison. This place does both well. I like the ambiance. The tables are big, solid and wide, good for getting work done, better than barriques in that respect. I'll be coming here a lot over the next couple of weeks and I'll update if need be. For now, I love it.And it's open until 10!!
5	If you had asked me to design my the ideal business to take over this spot, I would have come up with the JPH.  As a neighbor, I can't tell you how happy I am that they have finally arrived.  And if the business they have been doing in this past month is any indication, I'm not alone.  I almost don't want to write this Yelp review because I don't want it to get any more crowded!The Public House is warm and comfortable -- has a great vibe for doing homework or sharing sandwiches.  I haven't had a chance to check out the beer selection, but I imagine that this summer the space will turn into somewhere I want to have a drink and catch up with friends.It's true the coffee takes longer than Starbucks, but that's because they brew each cup to order.  Seriously.  I didn't even know that was possible.  And the barristas (and the owners, who are often behind the country) are more than happy to fill you in on the process and why it makes the coffee taste so good.(Plus, they put surge protectors into their electrical outlets so now more people can plug in their laptops.)
5	It was a pretty daunting task turning Company of Thieves into a worthwhile establishment, but they accomplished that and then some. This place is fantastic! They have a great tea selection, they are the only place in Madison that serves Intelligentsia coffee, and their food menu is small but great. My favorites are the PB & J which has fresh berries on it or the Chocolate sandwich with Nutella. The atmosphere is also great featuring really interesting artwork, a really fantastic place to get work done or just read. I also have heard that they will have outdoor seating soon, which I look forward to.A perfect addition to the neighborhood!
5	As the former owner of "In the Company of Thieves", I can tell you first hand that I did not put very much effort or passion into the business for the last 2 years of ownership.  Without giving personal detail's  I would like to express my regret in acting so poorly.  Many of the negative reviews will forever remind me of that regret.Moving forward, the best decision I made was to sell the shop to Gwen and Kyle Johnson.  They are doing a fantastic job with Johnson Public House.  The ambiance is inviting and the Barista's are all very friendly and well trained in the art.  The food menu is limited, but all very well prepared, and anyone that would expect a larger menu in such a place really doesn't understand the space and limitations that JPH is working with.They upgraded some permits to allow the cooking of eggs on premises.  When I owned Thieves I had to order eggs precooked for my breakfast sandwiches, which coming from a culinary background is downright embarrassing. I was skeptical at first with Intelligentsia being their sole coffee roaster, as I am a Kickapoo loyal, but I've been pleasantly surprised with the quality and consistency.  Again, it helps that the barista's are very well trained.  Along with excellent espresso drinks, they also specialize in pour overs, and individual french presses, which are right up my alley.     The beer and wine license they added is a huge plus to the Johnson st. hood, as don't really have too many other options to mellow out with a cold one, let alone a place with free WI-FI.All this new stuff is great, but by far the most important addition is their passion.  Unlike myself, Gwen and Kyle are in it for the long haul.  They are friendly, down to earth business owners, and a great big breath of fresh air for the Johnson street neighborhood.I wish them the best of luck, although I'm pretty sure they won't need it.
5	I'm lucky enough to live just a couple blocks from the only place with Intelligentsia in Madison.  I've been in a couple times, once for an iced coffee on a hot day (which was good), and once for a brewed coffee on a chillier day (which was fantastic).  They pour each cup by hand on the counter in front of you, and you can definitely taste the difference.  I also got a bun of some sort on one of my trips, which was good.I was a bit surprised to see they also served beer here, but I am new to the area, so maybe this is common.Either way, a fantastic spot that I'm glad to have in my neighborhood.  I'll have to stop in and try their food some time.
5	I discovered this place this morning, and was truly delighted by the pour over coffee.  It was unique, but exceeded every expectation.Add in that they have a good menu of both breakfast and lunch items.  You can't do better.
4	Love this place, a very welcome addition to the neighborhood. A very new business so they're probably still working things out but I have a few suggestions: would love to see some house-made ice cold LEMONADE (especially during the summer when patrons are in search of a reprieve from their suffocating apts). The bottled stuff in the fridge is fine, but I sort of expect more from a coffee/tea house. Also, not sure if the owners have ever had/made COLD-BREWED iced coffee...it's amazing and would def compliment their otherwise excellent coffee selection. Finally, the sandwiches are quite good, but would nice to see a bit more creativity (esp. on the vegetarian front). Otherwise, a very awesome establishment!
5	Got a sandwich the a week ago on my way out of town.  It was pretty darn good, good ingredients, and came with a pretty good leafy-greens salad thing on the side.  Would go again definitely.
5	dear johnson street public house. you are my new favorite coffee shop in the whole world. whole whole world! it feels good here. it looks good. everyone is nice! but the sad is news is that i wish you would play different music. i guess my favoritest music to hear at a coffee shop is sorta quiet and not very recognizable. i think your place would play the fleet foxes really well! but lately the music has been like olderish popular wedding music. just wanted to let you know. maybe i'm wrong. i sometimes am. oxox . i will come and work here and listen to the music even if you don't change it.
5	Extremely knowledgeable baristas paired with high quality coffee result in the best cup of coffee Madison has to offer.I love the fact that they specialize in pour over coffee.  So much so that I actually hate having to drink drip anywhere else.  In addition to the life changing brew, they offer fresh bakery from Batchhouse and small, but delicious food menu.  The Beef Brisket breakfast sandwich will melt in your mouth.In addition to coffee and food JPH offers up craft beers, and a wine selection.  Add to that free wifi, books, board games, open mic night, a doggie friendly dish out front, and Johnson Public is the place to chill.
5	What more can you want in a coffee shop that perfect coffee, FREE internet, delicious noms, AND beer/wine? This place has become my home away from home for productivity. They have large, inviting study tables, a variety of music that I enjoy (ranging from soul and jazz to hip-hop), and a very polite crowd with people that take their cellphone conversations outside so you don't get distracted by some guy talking to his mom for an hour. Their ham croissant sandwich is quite good, as are their side salads. Though their grilled cheese has so much cheese that it makes me a little queasy at times, but I attribute that to the fact that I am not from Wisconsin and my stomach is still settling in.
4	Such a quality place! Such an enjoyable atmosphere!And yet food & snacks so, so expensive!! $3.80 for a croissant? Must it be so??I will certainly continue to go and enjoy, but will not be buying anything but coffee, which is definitely well worth the price.
4	Very cute inside, I loved the art work. The coffee is expensive -- and honestly, exactly how I make it at home, because our coffee pot broke and  the pour-over method works just as well -- but worth it because of the atmosphere. And so close to my work!
4	Stopped by to fill my thermos on the road.  A nice surprise: they serve Intelligentsia coffee and seem enthusiastic and knowledgeable. They seem to be able to deal with your choice of trendy gadgets: Chemex, vacuum, or pour-over, and they apparently have some bulk brewing method which they feed with a locally-roasted variety that I didn't recognize.  I'm sure it's good, based on their attitudes, though.  It looked like a great place to spend a few hours reading and drinking coffee.  Hope I'll get back sometime.
4	Awesome coffee, indeed. This place seemed way too high brow for me the first time I went. I didn't know each cup was a pour over (should have read the Yelp reviews first), and the barista was not helpful at all. That being said, I've definitely changed my mind about the place. All of my baristas since that first time have been friendly. Some will give you their recommendation without you even having to ask if you're having trouble deciding.Cool place to study. Not too loud at all. I wouldn't do it every night because a cup of coffee is close to $4, but I feel lucky I live so close to JPH.
5	When I was going through caffeine-withdrawal my first night in Madison, Johnson Public House came to my rescue!I had an Americano made with the Ethiopian beans, and it was incredible - Great crema, and very fruity. I typically drink my espressos and coffees black anyway, but this cup especially deserved to be enjoyed completely unadulterated.The atmosphere in there is also great. Cool art and music.
5	Eclectic art work and furniture, chill wait staff, great indie music playing through the speakers, wait...digital scales to measure out your product?This place is one set of statutes away from being a "Dutch" coffee house.Until then, best cup of coffee you'll ever have.
5	As a senior under-grad at UW, I am well versed in the coffee universe. Or so I thought.Without a doubt the strongest, which is my definition for highest quality, coffee I have ever tasted. Still, the coffee at JPH is as good or better, in terms of taste, when compared to any other coffee served in the greater Madison area. It should be noted that I have yet to try Bradbury's, though. The coffee: Unbelievable strength, powerful in taste. And yes, PJH is expensive. But my 12 oz cup of coffee, which priced at $3.38 after tax, contained more than enough punch to last all day.The ambiance:  I longed for a soft chair/couch to sit on, otherwise pretty darn good.The food: Looked/smelled great. Have heard good things, didn't give it a try.Best coffee in town.
3	I like what they are trying to do - but I think there are a couple flaws.First, everything is fairly expensive for Madison. Coffee is around $4 per cup, pastries seem expensive, and coffee beans per lb. are pricey.Second, it seems just a bit too pretentious. My roommate asked for a coffee (she's not picky) and they said "Well, we just don't have coffee here... we make every cup to order" in a fairly snooty tone. And they weigh the water.... This isn't Blue Bottle.But - the positives are that I think it's a cool space with good decor and the coffee is pretty good (albeit expensive). I'll come back.
4	5 stars for the coffee, 3 for the food.  They have a GD CORTADO?!  Haven't seen that since Barcelona.  Coffee is really, really good - Madison - Top Tier.  A bit slow though...please take me back to Seattle where an espresso drink from order to in-my-hand takes less than 5 min.  We had some of the breakfast sandwiches on the last visit and they were tasty...just a bit, ho-hum.
4	What a cozy place to grab a coffee. Not for one moment did I feel unwelcome despite even the swarms of hipsters coming and going. I happily spent hours in here playing one of their board games and thanks to a great selection of drinks and food was satiated the whole time. Spending extended amounts of time in a coffee shop is not at all characteristic of me so I believe it to be something of a strong indicator of quality that I actually enjoyed doing so.Yeah the coffee's expensive, but it's high quality stuff. At $4.50 I don't think I paid too much for a 16oz french press, considering a venti chocosugarturdamela at Starbucks will run me about the same. Tea can go for as little as $2, and they have beer and wine! Huge plus for the alcohol, and yet another commendation for the well-thought-out sandwich menu.The barista was outgoing and helpful in explaining all the different choices to me, which was a godsend because the board looked like it was written in Tagalog when I first tried to read it. There are far too many coffee shops in the area that will offer every mistreatment short of kicking you out for not knowing what a pour-over is. I regrettably forgot to drop a tip in the jar on my way out and didn't get so much as a furrowed brow for it.
5	I'm continuing to enjoy JPH.Very good, higher quality/priced coffee and pastries. The breakfast sandwich is bomb and i would happily argue that they have the finest prepared cup of coffee in Madison, if not Wisconsin. While some have labeled this place pretentious, i have always had great interactions with the owners and barristas. In regards to the "pour over" vs. already prepared coffee and their prices, you must remember that this business is not run on the quantity over quality concept (i.e. Starbucks, Pete's). They pay a premium for their products too in order to serve the best of the best, so they must charge more. Some people see it fine to pay $100 for a bottle of wine. While that may not be something i would ever do, i can respect and understand the reasoning behind purchasing such a luxury on occasion. Their coffee is the same way. It is the best you can buy. Thus, It is more expensive than the rest. If that's not your thing, then don't drink it. Just don't knock them for caring.long story short, if you like quality coffee and a chill environment, give Johnson Public House a shot (no pun intended).
5	I dig this joint. They feature the Chemex brewing method, which is rad. Plus Intelligentsia beans can't be beat. They're a scosh light on the seating, and outlets can be hard to come by. But you don't get this hip by emulating Starbucks. The baristas are all super friendly, and they even know what they're doing! What a revelation! In a college town, the fact that so many craptastic cafes with terrible baristas exist is beyond my comprehension; but JPH nails it. And one last thing, what good would a coffeehouse be without internet? These cats have the most reliable internet on the Madison coffee scene. Hands down. Best internet. There's nothing I hate more than rolling up on a coffeeshop only to be greeted by an internet connection thats up and down more times than... you fill in whichever metaphor your mind desires... I mean, this isn't 1997, folks. We aren't on "Friends". People don't go to coffeeshops to read "People" and gossip with each other. We're there to stare at our individual glowing screens and gossip *about* each other in silence.
4	Maintaining my 4-star rating for the reasons I've already listed, but be advised that the food is extremely unimpressive.
2	Let me begin by saying that I have no objection to paying $$$ for a cup of coffee, provided that the beans, the atmosphere, and the locale (i.e. city) justify the cost.Today I went to the Johnson Public House for the first time and ordered a medium coffee. The barista then said, "that will be $5.40." This astounded me. I've had coffee brewed using the Chemex method and even more inventive ones in San Francisco and other cities and never paid over the $5 mark for a cup (or even close). So I ordered down (i.e., a "lesser" coffee and smaller cup size). $3.40, the barista quoted. Then I saw that the Johnson Public House does not accept credit cards for amounts under $5. The barista suggested I either buy one of the two pastries available for sale or a bottled water (the irony of a shop that peddles free-trade, high-quality coffee and sells bottled water can't go unremarked). I thought, "If I am not going to pay $6 for an item I actually did want, why would I pay $6 for items I don't want?" The reasonable response, if you are a business that needs support as much as the Johnson Public House probably does in order to sustain itself, is to say, "Okay, we'll accept your credit card this time, but next time, you need cash, because each transaction costs us X amount." I could, in fact, have paid the CC fee in change if asked, if that is the real issue.This coffee shop has barely changed in its various iterations. It is dark. The furniture is second-hand and cheap. There are scant outlets. It is not decorated well enough to justify luxury prices.
1	Feel like being treated like an asshole by some pencil necked geek, because you asked for a dark roast at 2:30 in the afternoon?  Then this is the place for you!
2	It would be four or a five -- they really are doing a lot right -- but the coffee is just too expensive.  I won't be going there anymore until they lower the prices.  It is a good business strategy, the coffee is good, but the prices are still just plain too high.  If they were the highest in town, but still within reach, I'd go all the time.  But the prices a just plain too high.  I feel like a poor person excluded from a place designed for folks with more disposable income.
5	Phenomenal. Absolutely phenomenal. You know a place really hit all the high points when you walk out saying that it is a MUST VISIT destination whenever you return to the area. This place is that good.From the breakfast sandwich, with perfectly crisped fresh bread complete with Wisconsin cheddar and the perfect hint of maple syrup to the presentation of their hand-crafting each of your drinks while you wait (this is what you pay for when drinks are $3-$6 to those who are complaining of the prices on Yelp) to the fantastic craft beer selection, complete with Bells Hopslam, a small selection of Ale Asylum, and 5, count em FIVE offerings of Three Floyds beers (Arctic Panzer Wolf the highlight of the bunch) while we were here, this place is just great. They brew excellent Intelligentsia coffee (a product of the owner being from Chicago, one would surmise), provide free internet in a chill, laid back setting perfect for anything from a hangover brunch to cramming for finals, provide an incredible selection of different coffees (and methods to brew the coffee) and teas, and they bring the drinks and food to your table as soon as it is ready, with a smile. What more could you possibly want out of a combination coffeehouse/breakfast place/Starbucks with craft beer type establishment?We will absolutely be back, and we will be recommending this place to everyone we know visiting the area - this place is that fantastic. Not to be missed.
5	My new favorite place to pick up a cup of coffee that can match what I brew at home.  JPH isn't for everybody, but this is your place if you're a serious coffee drinker.  They always offer three selections from Intelligentsia in Chicago and one or two from a guest roaster.  Recently, it's been Noble from Ashland, OR, but they've had offerings from Mad Cap and Kickapoo in the past.  All cups are either made using the pour over method or French press.  I have yet to try an espresso shot, but they too use roasts from Intelligentsia and the guest roaster.The baristas really are passionate about their coffee and provide good friendly service.  Yes, it's definitely a little on the pricier side for Madison, but it's comparable to Intelligentsia and other good roasters such as Sightglass and Four Barrel in SF.  Coffee is an expensive commodity these days!
5	I gave up looking for good coffee in Madison for the whole year before JHP was recommended to me by a friend. Needless to say I've been drinking coffee since Apr of 2011.
4	Johnson Public House (JPK...if you're cool) delivers a great coffee (Joe if you're manly) experience.  Full of hipsters and strung out college students, you can get one of a vast array of different blends of Joe as well as preparations (btw, French press is your friend).  Wi-fi ensures that as you sip, you will be engrossed in your work/play/whatever.  Decor is old and dated, but maybe that is the allure for the crowd.  Food is very good, with a limited menu...the breakfast sandwich had some nice twists and the granola with fresh fruit and yogurt one of the best out there.So, get your hip (also known as cool) on at JPK.  Bring your iPad/laptop/abacus and leave your inner jock (stud, athlete) at home.  Now if only I could get a pair of skinny jeans to fit.
5	Such a rare find in Madison! And to think that it was totally by chance that my friend and I even discovered this little gem on the East side.We were in the neighborhood because we wanted to try Sophia's bakery for brunch. Unfortunately, Sophia's was closed for the day, so we begrudgingly headed back to the only open restaurant/cafe within walking distance: JPH. As soon as we caught a whiff of the freshly brewed coffee and took a glance at the menu, our frowns turned upside down. It was instantaneous. Magical even. I got a flat white latte and a sunday breakfast sandwich (egg, cheese, ham, & a touch of maple syrup)... who would have thought that combination could taste so good. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  I also love how they brew each cup of coffee to order. The baristas have truly mastered the art of coffee making! They take a while to prepare the food, but it is definitely worth the wait. There's also plenty of interesting art/furniture around the cafe to keep you busy as you wait. (:Patrons of JPH are very low key, and the establishment has a hippy-esque/laid-back feel (sans homeless people) that makes me nostalgic for the Berkeley coffee shops (yay cafe Med/Milano/Strada) that I used to frequent. If I go missing on a Sunday morning....I'm probably holed up at JPH with my laptop and a steaming cup of coffee!
5	I live three blocks away from this spot, and could not be happier to have JPH as my local coffee shop. The lattes are fantastic, and one of my favorite sandwiches of all time has got to be the Sunday morning breakfast sandwich, which has ham, egg, cheese, and just a touch of maple syrup. OMG. My only gripe would be that this place ain't cheap, but it's totally worth it.
4	If you think you can make a better peanut butter and jelly sandwich at home, chances are you might be wrong. I found JPH the day after my boyfriend moved to Madison, and have loved it ever since. Introduced me to Intelligentsia coffee. First day there two of the baristas approaches us with our coffees wanting us to rate them since they have poured them in different styles. For some reason though the JPH coffee tends to be a little too acidic for me. The highlight really is their food. Any sandwich that you can get there is a miracle. I don't know how they do it. I'm a sucker for the peanut butter & jelly, but their breakfast and tuna are also a favorite. When I used to visit on weekends at first I'd go work at JPH.  But I find it a little uncomfortable with the awkward chairs and tables. Also they have a nice selection of beers if you are working there late and need something to calm you down ;)
5	Intelligentsia.Community tables. WIFI.I'm home.
5	Definitely the best coffee in Madison. The latte is amazing. It's also a great place to bring your laptop and sit for as long as you want. Good music and very good sandwiches, too.
4	This place has great chai, coffee and lattes. The food is fine, but it takes a half a year to be made. Stick with drinks
5	If you love good coffee, this is where you should be.  They always have a few coffees to choose from (mostly Intelligentsia) that rotate pretty frequently. Awesome cold brew and espresso too. The baristas are super talented so if milky drinks are your thing, expect to see some beautiful latte art.
5	The only place that carries Intelligensia's espresso beans in Madison, WI!  It's the only cafe that people must try in Madison!
5	Since my last review was over six months ago, and I've probably been averaging 4x/week here up until my departure from Madison a month ago, I thought it would be prudent of me to write an updated review of JPH.  Yes, my opinion of JPH has changed a bit.  It's even more awesome than I thought it was back in February.  Why the change?  I've had the privilege of finally trying some of their sandwiches.  Like their brews, the sandwiches never disappointed.  The green eggs and ham breakfast sandwich is probably my favorite.  While most places would used a fried egg, JPH incorporates a hard-boiled egg in its breakfast sandwich, and it works all too well.  With the egg, ham, pesto, grilled onions stuffed in between Batch Bakehouse bread and grilled in a panini press, what's not to like?  But what I still appreciate JPH for the most is their preparation of their coffee.  Intelligentsia Venice used to be my second home.  I've had some great cups of coffee there, but I can honestly say that Kyle and company do Intelligentsia better than Intelligentsia does itself! The same can be said about Handsome, another guest roaster that often makes appearances on JPH's guest roaster lineup.  For myself, a guy who's had caffeine intoxication every day since I arrived in Seattle a month ago (too many good roasters here), I still can say that I have a preference for Kyle and JPH's drinks over just about everything I've had in Seattle and Vancouver.  Also can't say this enough.  Kyle and his crew are some of the coolest people around!
1	Sorry to be a hater, but I tried this place based on the Yelp recommendations.  Problem was, I had just tried the Johnson Brothers coffee (no relation to Johnson Public House that I know of), and it was like drinking the Devil's sock water after drinking a glass of God's pure, melted glacial ice.Terrible.Short of it is that I have come to distrust the coffee houses that have the baristas prepare the coffee, drip-style, in front of the customer.  To a place, I have found the end resulted (1) expensive and (2) disappointing.  That is true of JPH: nice Baristas, but the end result was bitter, watery with absolutely no redeeming flavor.  Sanka anyone?The upside is that the Baristas were very friendly, and they were playing cool music.  So a star for that.
5	Still a solid 5, but wish I could add a few more stars for standout service today!1. They were out of cold brew and typically (I think) don't keep much ice around, so after taking my order the lovely gent ran down the street to grab a bag in order to get their normal pour over method going with ice down below. He strained the ice out and poured the cooled at this point brew into a cup with new ice. It rawked. I want more. 2. Took with me a sammie to go and grabbed greens along side. This is so dorky but check it out: Greens were nicely placed in a recyclable cup w/ lid and the dressing was resting on top in it's own condiment cup. I dressed that puppy, capped it, shook, and boom, it was a little like being there minus the hip vibe and melting pot, no cornucopia of passerbys.
5	Just go for the espresso. Get it in a latte or a mocha. I've only been here twice but each time the espresso has tasted the way espresso should taste: sweet and tangy. If you are an espresso lover like me and need to find a place to stop in Madison, do not waste your time with other places. Ignore the hipsters and get your quality coffee at JPH.
5	Wow - best cappuccino I have had in a long time.  A bit off the beaten path of the State Street area, but well worth the effort.  Better than Barriques, and much better than Steep & Brew.  My new go-to place for coffee in Madison.
3	Didn't meet my expectations.
4	Good food, atmosphere and neighborhood gatherings.  Coffee is expensive. Love the Story Slam!
5	Great atmosphere, amazing coffee, friendly baristas. New favorite coffee spot-would be perfect if they were open later.
4	This is the best choice for coffee in Madison.
5	Best cafe in Madison. They use Inteligencia coffee, offer pour-overs, serve Rishi tea, and have a great environment in which to do homework.
5	Upon entering, you are greeted by a hodgepodge of mix and matched tables and chairs.  Sitting in these chairs are even a bigger mishmash of people-hipsters, wanna-be's, students, young professionals, even someone wearing MC Hammer pants and telling her friends they sell also a "male" version.  It just seems to all work as JPH is "2 Legit to Quit"They serve usually 3-4 choices of beans from Intelligentsia accompanied by 3 different brewing options.  Never would have I imagined that I would engage in a conversation about what brewing method (pour over vs. chemex) would be most appropriate for the roast I selected, but I did and have no regret as the resulting coffee was incredible.  Yes, the prices are higher than other places but the quality and attention to detail that come with it makes it worth every penny.  Check it out, you will be glad you did.
5	Oh the joy of liquid gold, kind people, and tunes to keep your toes a' tappin. These people know good coffee. I filled my cup with their pour over Brazilian blend. You don't realize what you're missing in your mediocre cup of coffee until you try something as bold and flavorful as JPH's coffee. I took a sip and was like, "woah, this is how coffee is supposed to taste!" Ain't no Folgers, that's fo' sho'.With about 4 rotating blends featured daily, they can recommend something for your taste. There WILL be a coffee for you, whether that be in French press, pour over, iced, or milky. And it will be great.I nommed on the Sunday morning sammie: hard boiled egg, melted cheddar cheese, ham squished together by wheat bread. The kicker? A delicate caramelization of maple syrup on the bread, hitting both your sweet and savory palates. Why hasn't anyone ever thought of that before? Genius!Love the smooth tunes, peeps from all walks of life, and the general "cerebral" attitude that makes this place a rockin place to hang and sip.
5	I like how these guys take their coffee so seriously. With a chalkboard wall filled with different blends from all over the world, I seriously thought I had died from coffee overload!! With help from the barista, I ordered a Columbian coffee, which was served pour over style (one of the many ways to get your fix, also: french press, iced, etc.....). This was an intense experience, bold and so strong, that I don't know how I can go back to my reg pot of coffee. I want to try all the blends!I liked the vibe of the place. It was like every demographic was there from super hipsters, white collars, college kids, and moms with kids. Next time I will def try out some of the noms: portabella sandwich, here I come! JPH has something awesome for everyone!!!
5	Oh so great for both prime sipping and a good atmosphere for working or catching up with friends.  While staff takes their craft so seriously - it doesn't feel snobby because they're so friendly.
5	I really like the atmosphere.  The food is awesome, the coffee and tea are amazing, and the staff is super friendly.
5	I would say they got the Slow Coffee movement going on. No cheap coffee sitting in airpots for an hour or more.French press, chemex, V60, lattes, cortado(my favorite),.....all worth the price.Free wifi, chill baristas, laid back mellow music in the background, and can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches. Also can't forget the great selection of beers in the cooler. See that more and more in cafes.
5	Love this place. They definitely know coffee. They serve some of the best coffee in Madison - and do so consistently! Made with care each and every time. The chai is pretty good, too. Nice staff and great music choices.
5	Iced coffee in a mason jar ...love it!
4	So either JPH has changed their prices, or some people haven't been there in a while, because my coffee was like $2.50.  Nothing arbitrarily expensive there.Somebody told me this place had "good noms."  I'll be honest, I had no idea what that meant.  After going there, I still don't know what it means.  I'm just not hip enough, I guess.Large space, good coffee, a fine place to show up and engage in tabletop RPG battles of your choice.
5	They make the 4-hour trip from Champaign always end happily. Amazing coffee, food, and people!
2	The vibe is low key, more cafe/coffeehouse than public house. Spotted with mismatched chairs and tables, pop(ish) art clipped creatively to the walls, you order and pay at the counter and find a seat. Very casual, very college. (-) Let me just say that I am not a fan of the Ipad POS system. I'm immediately given the option to tip 15%, 20%, 25%, or nothing. Normally in an order-at-the-counter-and-seat-yourself situation where I don't have an actual sever, I'd tip a dollar or so but I ended up tipping 15% before I had even seen my drinks. (+) Coffee and tea selections are good (Intelligentsia) and they offer about ten sandwiches. The barista was very helpful in suggesting a roast for my very basic coffee drinking boyfriend. Our sandwiches came out before our drinks and I reminded the barista who dropped them off of our orders. He said they'd be right out. (-) Second mini-rant, this place needs order/table numbers. Walking out of the kitchen and "auctioning" off food is not complimenting the laid-back vibe. It looks inefficient and chaotic and I'm pretty sure people are ending up with the wrong beverages. Unfortunately, we finished our meals before our coffee and tea had even arrived and when I went to request that they be made to go I watched the staff realize the ticket had been thrown out with our food order. (-/+) The barista was apologetic but sorry should be an action not a statement, especially in service industries and I would have liked to have been refunded for the drinks. After all, we waited over 25 minutes for a coffee and tea. (+) Oh yeah, and the food was pretty good.
5	Went here on a Sunday morning with my boyfriend and there was no wait and plenty of seating.  We each got breakfast sandwiches and both were delicious.  They also came with a side of either salad or chips-- I would definitely recommend the salad!
4	The name: Johnson Public House. I picture some sort of meat-packing/butcher, gritty brick building. But I appreciate the beauty of the abbreviation, JPH, which matches the easy-going use of mismatched chairs, light colors, and tasteful pillow portraits. The extensive array of teas and coffees, that which far outnumbered the food items, were fun to look through and order. I met a bunch of friends for Sunday brunch at JPH. I was worried about how busy it'd be since it was a Sunday after a Badger football game, but the steady stream of regulars created a very comfortable atmosphere. Family-friendly, great space, solid preparation of food, and hot teas and slow drip coffee. The Sunday brunch sandwich was simple but delicious. The eggs, tomato, and hint of maple syrup was very tasty. I also enjoyed a latte and a ginger tangerine tea that had a nice kick. The personal tea canter was unexpected, keeping hot tea handy. JPH is a touch of hipster, young family, and old friends gathering to play checkers. Really low-key atmosphere, happy and helpful staff, and reasonable prices for good food and drink.
5	JPH offers up the perfect environment to enjoy a killer cup of coffee in Madison. These guys know exactly what they're doing; I have yet to find another coffee house in Wisconsin that not only sells roasts from the likes of Heart and Stumptown, but also prepares the perfect cup every time.If you're not feelin coffee, there's a great menu to choose from and an impressive selection of beer; this is also the first coffee house I've seen to serve the likes of Three Floyd's Brewing Co.All in all, JPH is a great stop for anyone to have a good meal, but for those who need exceptional coffee, there's no better place in Madison.
4	Great neighborhood coffee house! I love the atmosphere of this place, especially on weekend mornings. They make the best chai latte I've ever tasted and do the fun steamed milk designs too!Try the chocolate sandwich with strawberries -- to die for.
3	So my initial review on this place was in 2011 with five stars. Now, I just don't feel like it warrants that. I love love love their coffee but it takes FOREVER!! Ten minutes for two coffeest that cost over 10 bucks is toooo much. I don't make the point to go here but I will if I am feeling really rich and in the neighborhood. I feel like things should be improving two years in and they just aren't. Mostly, I just got a crappier attitude the last time I went in. I think they need to get more organized and get some training in. When the place is full and people are waiting, having the guy making your coffee lean on his arm on the counter while he does your coffee is offensive. Why on earth if you have timers and scales can't one barista be making at least three cups of pour-over coffee at the same time? Time to tighten ship, JPH!
5	Hard to tell what's better between the people and the coffee. Huge props to the Johnsons for running an awesome neighborhood spot with the best coffees (counter culture, intelligensia, ceremony, etc.) and teas on the planet. Not to mention the place has charm through the roof. Five stars!
4	Cozy environment, coffee and tea made to order. Semi-friendly staff (sometimes they can be aloof or have a "too cool for you" attitude). Great tea selection and delicious coffee drinks. A bit on the pricier side, but you pay for quality. Haven't tried the food, but heard it's good.
2	If you like overpriced hipster food served by surly staff, this is the place for you. The food wasn't bad, but it's twice as expensive as what it should be. A place with no atmosphere shouldn't be allowed to charge this much.
5	Great place to spend a few hours relaxing or doing work. The coffee is tasty but a little pricey. I haven't tried the food. I really like the ambiance - it seems like one of my friend's eclectic living rooms. Lots of strange animal art on the walls, and mismatched furniture. It's an all around relaxing setting, and there's plenty of space. It's a great neighborhood coffee shop!
4	"Sunday morning rain is fallingSteal some covers, share some skinAnd clouds are shrouding us in moments unforgettableYou twist to fit the mold that I am in"Rain in this case can more accurately be measured in terms of Sunday Morning Breakfast Sandwiches....Oh Johnson Public, how you fit the mold that I am in. Meld together hard-boiled egg, cheddar & ham between hearty slices of country-wheat bread that's treated with just a touch of maple syrup to devise an ingeniously crisp, subtle sweetness on par with the deliciously sweet sound of Adam Levine's voice.Add to the mix a steaming cuppa green tea and clouds will surely shroud you in a moment unforgettable.
2	its just too pricey for a double shot of espresso.  really it is.I went to the handsome roasters cafe, had a double pulled by one of the OWNERS and it was still cheaper than at JPH. is it me or is that weird? LA is fucking expensive. I went to Barista in Portland Oregon, had a double pulled by AN AWARD WINNING BARISTA and it was still cheaper than at JPH. I can go on and I will...Went to Coava, Stumptown, The Refinery, all pretty pretentious places but still cheaper.just saying ,you guys are pretentious as F***but i like to go every once in while when iI feel like blowing some coin.maybe your rent is super crazy expensive or all these colleges kids are trust fund babies or taking at massive loans to feed there coffee habits.....lets be reasonable eh?PS but i love the fact you guys serve LADRO, haven't seen them in a long time. kinda cute.
3	Not a bad coffee shop by any means - we stopped-in for late morning coffee and a light sandwich.+ Coffee offerings rotate regularly and come from various roasters+ Staff is knowledgeable about the coffees+ Prices were reasonable+ Chemex-style is available!+ Small menu, no "real" kitchen, but they do a great job with what they've got+ The grilled cheese sandwich was superb+ Love the huge murals on the wall+ Love the mix-mash of seating- Don't love the musty smell inside (smells damp?)+ Great music playing at the perfect volume- No spoons or honey available unless you ask specifically for them+ Nice selection of bottled beers available
4	My wife and I decided to try JPH on a day off after seeing a lot of very good reviews on Yelp. We dropped in around 10:30 on a Monday, and there were a handful of tables available. It didn't take more than five minutes to put our order in. The atmosphere is very chill at JPH, and the service lacks urgency, but in a friendly way. The decor includes several nature-centric paintings, and the furniture is comprised of large tables and a random assortment of chairs. With several windows at the front of the building facing the street, there is plenty of natural light and it's easy to relax here. We ordered the following: - Roast Beef Breakfast Sandwich- Granola (large)- Peach Tea- Finagro Tanzanian (16 oz)To my knowledge, this is the only place in Madison currently serving Intelligentsia coffee, and the selections rotate very frequently while mixing and matching other roasters. Preparation here is very deliberate, so don't plan on walking in for a coffee and walking out 45 seconds later. My coffee was fantastic, and my wife was very happy with her peach tea. The granola was prepared with fresh strawberries, blueberries and yogurt, and was a filling portion. The beef on the breakfast sandwich I had was tender, but didn't quite fall apart. The flavors -- from the sriracha aioli and caramelized red onions -- played off each other effectively, and the texture was outstanding thanks to the grilled country sourdough bread. As other reviews have noted, the sandwiches with eggs here feature hard boiled eggs, rather than fried ones. It's different, but it worked on the sandwich I had. Yelp ScorecardFood: 4.5Service: 3.75Cost: 4Decor: 3.75 (it just works for them)Overall: 4.0
5	Best coffee in Madison! All of the French presses I've gotten have been beautiful. The Ethiopian with citrus notes is my fav. Besides that, I really REALLY dig the vibe. The art, the music. The food is minimal but very good.
2	I really appreciate good coffee and I don't mind paying for a superior cup. The coffee at JPH is good, but I'm always surprised at how expensive it is for what you get. It's one of the few coffee shops where no matter what you get, you're paying more than you should.
5	If this is your first time in the area, this shop will look like a hole in the wall, as are all the other shops along this street. But don't let the exterior fool you! Please do yourself a favor by enjoying a cup of coffee or a plain double shot espresso at the JPH over a good read on a sunny afternoon. The fact that they serve intelligentsia coffee should already indicate their strive for high standards because god knows that stuff is expensive. My espresso was so smooth, so creamy, so fruity delicious; I could drink this stuff all afternoon if it weren't for the high caffeine level. The Barista was a little too cool but that may just be me. Next time I'll remember to come dressed in an obscure band t-shit and a scarf. Skinny pants too, if I can ever squeeze into one.
4	Fantastic coffee selection and attention to quality preparation. They make a homemade granola that is absolutely delicious, and if you're there early enough they usually have a selection of Batch pastries. Also a great place to transition from coffee work time to beer work time!
5	This was the first place I ventured to after moving toward the east side of Madison. It's a very calm place, lots of seating, quiet ambience, just the perfect place to study, enjoy a meal, or just relax. The baristas are always helpful and friendly and provide excellent service.The first food I tried was the Sunday morning breakfast sandwich with homemade chips. And ever since, that has been my default food item of choice when coming here. Fresh ingredients, freshly pressed, and that touch of maple are unbeatable. Another favorite of mine is the homemade granola and yogurt. You can definitely taste the quality in their granola - it has the perfect crunch, never stale. A lot of places have granola with that corn syrup taste, but not JPH. And the inclusion of cashews is just another level of finesse that makes their granola so superb. It also comes with fresh fruit, big bonus.In terms of coffee, I myself always get an iced decaf. And I must say, the coffee they use is quite high quality, so I definitely didn't mind paying the premium over generic Starbucks decaf. Their roast just has this deep, dark note that makes you know you are drinking straight up coffee and not water that tastes like coffee.[They do also carry pastries, but if you can, I would recommend you go directly to Batch Bakehouse (not a far bike ride) because you do pay a premium for getting them at JPH)I highly recommend this place to anyone in Madison.
5	This is a great coffee shop in Madison. Plenty of seating inside (it was a Sunday) and such a variety of coffee. I stopped in briefly for a sandwich. I ordered the portobello and fell in love. Perfect portion sizes and fairly inexpensive. They make them fresh, which means it'll take a little longer to make that sandwich into a panini. Ginger plum tea was refreshing. Kind of like Kool-aid without the sugar. Delicious.The staff is super friendly and take pride in their craft. Oh, and those groovy tunes. I dig those groovy tunes. If I lived in Madison, I would definitely make this a regular place.
5	The sandwiches here are really tasty, and I like the atmosphere. Clean, spacious and with interesting art for sale on the walls. Their is a pretty big coffee selection and I enjoy drinking their coffee. (I don't have a refined taste for coffee, though, so look to the general consensus if you do.)
4	Great place, lots of character! I even bought a bag of coffee that I ended up needing to return (long story) but they were awesome and very understanding. Their chai is also amazing.  They truly know their stuff about java!
5	Incredibly friendly group of baristas and roasters.  The food is delicious.  The coffee - best around.  Never have had a disappointing experience.
5	I adore JPH because it is completely unassuming.  The decor is charming and vintage, the staff is knowledgable, and the breakfast/coffee is top notch.  I went in today and had yogurt and granola, and even something as simple as this was presented in such an appetizing way.  The fresh berries on the yogurt made my morning treat colorful and even more delicious.  I am happy the construction in the area has stopped for now and the only noises that I  hear in the shop are customers quietly chatting/enjoying their coffee and the staff hard at work...Keep up the good work JPH, we're your biggest fans!
5	This is a great coffee shop with a relaxing but not sleepy atmosphere. I enjoy the art on the walls and the music selection. I recommend the yogurt and granola and especially the chai latte. Of course any coffee drink will be great as well. The price is well worth it because all drinks and menu items are made with precision and with premium ingredients. The baristas are friendly too! This is a great place to bring your laptop and get some creative work done.
2	Slow service with an attitude and emo in the background. Rather expensive and very snooty. Kid at the register was blatantly inattentive and had mumbled responses to questions. Waited a long time to order, longer for a coffee and even long for a Tuna Melt (+ 40 minutes). Will not be coming here again. Would rather walk the few extra blocks to one of the other cafes nearby with better service.
