5	Excellent food, excellent service, very courteous and friendly staff. This restaurant is a gem. I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant, you definitely will not be sorry.
5	Make sure you call in your order before hand, but it is well worth the wait! I've been 3 times all getting different items each time and I haven't had a bad bite yet. Definitely strays away from anything healthy but if you want southern soul food, this is the place to go. Don't let the area fool you, real diamond in the rough...
5	Found this place on yelp and with family from down south they really wanted some good soul food so we went to try it out! We got 3 meals, fried chicken, smothered chicken, and rib tips all with 2 sides each for $35! Great prices for great soul food!The fried chicken was made fresh and was very well seasoned! The ribs were good and the BBQ Sauce was tasty! The smothered chicken was delicious! The red beans and rice was outstanding we all got that and the collard greens tasted like mom use to make! With 2 pieces of warm cornbread each it was very filling!I would def reccomend this place the service is good and friendly and the food is great! And the price is amazing we all took food home there was so much! We will be back!
4	I love this place! Angie was sooo nice! Her wings were out, but as soon as she got her new order, she hooked us up! I wanna try the chicken and waffles next time, but the chicken wings were to die for! I'm craving some right now, lol.
5	This place is so unassuming, but then again most of the best restaurants are in my opinion. We wandered in on a Tuesday and both ordered chicken and dumplings. Some meals are only available certain days. $9.99 dinner entrees are perfect for the working man. Burgers under $5. The chicken and dumplings, greens and mac and cheese were amazing, just as good as my grandmothers if not better. The banana pudding was a taste of my childhood I forgot and Angie does it really well. Would return again on a Sunday for the oxtail dinner or gumbo. The sign at the register says it all "this is not fast good it is soul food".
5	I happened upon Angie's on Thanksgiving eve.  I was desperately looking for a place that would take my rush holiday pie order and after a dozen "No's", Angie's sweet kindness let me in from the dark and shined a light on me that warms me to this day.  She said that she didn't exactly have anything ready, but asked me to come in and we would "talk"; Southern speak for, "we'll work it out".   When I had arrived at the location, a lady greeted me with a hearty hello and called for Angie to come out from the back.   Based on her enthusiasm, I just naturally assumed I was speaking with Angie.  When Angie came out with her big smile, I reminded her of who I am and she hesitatingly said that she does have a pie but it's in her personal pie tin and not very professional looking.  I excitedly exclaimed, "That's PERFECT!"  I know I'm dragging on here but what I want you to see is that Angie and the lady who greeted me so enthusiastically, who I later found out was Angie's Mother, are the most kind, humble and positive people I've met in a long time.  I took the pie, which was a great deal, with a small stack of menus and delivered the pie to my friends with a copy of the menu.  On my way back home, I was hungry for lunch so I called Angie's and placed a "take out" order.  If you decide to visit Angie's I recommend calling in advance and order "take out".  Always on the prowl for home cooking and fried chicken I ordered the... Now don't judge.  I intended to buy part 1 for lunch and part 2 for dinner but sometimes the food is just too good and well...you know...things happen.  Anyway, I ordered the nine piece wings and fries and for my "intended" dinner, I ordered the fried chicken dinner with two sides: Collard Greens and Red Beans and Rice.  Angie said it will be ready in 30 minutes.  I also wanted to stop by to let the ladies know how much my friends I and appreciated and loved the sweet potato pie.   When I told Angie, she was very grateful for the positive feedback.Now to the good stuff... My orders came in two, 3-section, Styrofoam, to-go boxes inside a plastic bag.  I could feel the heat on my fingers and smell the scent of fried chicken emanating from the bag.  I got in my car and barely got the key in the ignition before I had that knot on that bag ripped open like an excited five year old on Christmas morning.  I popped open that first Styrofoam container and found a mound of REAL French fried potatoes, and NINE golden chicken wings.  Remember that scene from "Pulp Fiction" where the briefcase was opened and a gold glow was cast on the face of John Travolta?  That was me.  Do not tell on me but I am driving during this segment of the review.  I'm hungry and going to "nibble" a bit while I drive.   My first pull, I took in one fry and was blown away with it's freshness and that "comfort food" feeling it gave me;  hot, fresh, perfectly salty and real food not processed or "extruded"     Now I'm pulling up four and five fries per reach.  They are hot and moist and taste so good but then my fingers touch a faint rough texture versus the smoothness of the French Fry.  It's the first tactile introduction of the fried CHICKEN WINGS!!!  I'm at a stop light now and can use both hands to pull apart the pointy side of the wing.  Not much meat but I love the crunch and it's perfectly seasoned!!!   So nice and so good!  I then place the center piece with the moist flesh covered by the fried, crispy, salty goodness.  Not sure where the bones went.  Then la piece de la resistance, the meaty end; not huge like some hormone fed Frankenchicken, but perfect.  I can't put it to words.  You're just going to have to get your lips on some so you can feel the love.  I live about 6 miles from Angie's, a drive I barely remember.  When I pulled onto my street, I discovered I was not wearing my seat-belt!  I ALWAYS wear my seat belt!  I can't remember a time when I didn't wear it.  This is some amazing food!  I pulled into my garage looking at the passenger seat, there is one more box left.  The debate erupts in my head, "put it away, "just have a taste", "put it away", "just one bite"...back and forth, but gluttony won this day. I sat at my dinner table with fork and napkins...plural.  Intending to just "taste" the collards and red beans and rice, then retire the rest of the meal for dinner I soon realized that I should have just walked away and put the box in the refrigerator.  First bite and it was over.  The Collards were seasoned perfectly and so tender with  bite sized chucks of smoked ham hock and the red beans and rice reminded me of food my Grand Mother, who's from Jefferson County Alabama, used to make.  I was sucked in.  Then there is the perfect mounds of happiness in the cornbread.   Next thing I know, the plate's empty.  Only the bones remained and I'm stuffed.  This is genuinely one of those great meals where the food tastes so good you just keep eating no matter how full you are.  Amen
5	Went today for lunch and got fried chicken and pork chop dinners. Food was delicious and service was great.Angie's mom is the best.
4	This place is great, very hidden but thanks to yelp for finding it for me! The banana pudding is awesome! I'd go just for that. Underrated place
4	The food here reminds me of the food I had growing up and visiting my grandma's house. I can't wait to try her other items. Next time I will call ahead and carry out as suggested in other reviews.  We ordered the smothered chicken with rice, potato salad, yams, macaroni & cheese & chitterlings.  I arrived 15 minutes after they opened on a Sunday. Next time I will wait at least an hour before going to ensure everything is ready. PROS: The gravy             ServiceCONS: Out of the fried corn             Out of coleslaw             Arrived too early for oxtails and peach cobbler
3	Overall, the food was pretty good. I had the bbq chicken dinner with red beans and rice, mac n cheese, and cornbread. Food smelled delicious but the chicken was a little dry and chewy, and the mac n cheese was a little salty. I will be trying this place again, though.
4	Best Sweet Potato Pie I've ever had. You can pre order a whole one and be the star of the potluck or holiday get together!   Angie is on premises every time I've been there and you can tell how much pride she takes in her shop.
5	WOW......... This place is a hidden gem. I found Angies soul food by accident and called ahead to be sure they were open. I had the pleasure of speaking with Angie on the phone and she told me she had red snapper today. I was on my way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Upon entering, I was greeted with a friendly smile which was Angie. I told her I was the one who called and I proceeded to order  small chicken plate and a side of Red Snapper. Both were fantastic and  this may be the BEST fried chicken                 in Las Vegas.  Perfectly deep fried with great tasting, crispy batter. Portion sizes were very generous.  My sides were Homemade macaroni and cheese, along with some collard greens. Both sides were delicious. While I was waiting for my order to cook, Angies mom came out from the kichen and she was a pleasure to talk with. I believe her and her daughter split the cooking duties.    I will not only be returning to Angies to eat but will also be recommending Angies to many people as this place provides great food made by some really nice people.
5	So my friends and i showed up at 7:55 and they close at 8. We were going to leave but Angie insisted we at least get it to go. She gave us an awesome run down of the menu. They made it fresh and it was amazing. You can tell this place really cares about the food they make. They didn't stop smiling and she was super nice and accommodating. Customer service and atmosphere is on point with the mom and pop vibe and the fried chicken dinner was delicious
5	We at KCEP 88.1 LOVE ANGIE!!! This place is something like heaven! Angie Hilbert has certainly brought her Mississippi style to Vegas and she put KCEP in a food-coma. Not only is her crackling fried chicken mouth-watering juicy, but the greens, rice, beans, rib tips, potato salad, corn, mac & cheese, corn bread, peach cobbler and banana pudding is just as gut-busting! If you're ready to really experience a party in your mouth-visit Angie's Soul Food Kitchen on 860 E. Twain, suite 102 and make this your favorite soul food restaurant.
4	After spending an hour searching for a decent soul food joint close to Henderson I stumbled upon Angie's Soul Food Kitchen and decided give it a try. My taste buds and my belly were happy to have found Angie's to say the least. Angie herself is a sweetheart and greets you right when you walk in. The food, to note, is made to order so prepare to wait. My fried chicken dinner with a side of greens and red beans with rice was piping hot when ready. The chicken was cooked to perfection, the greens were seasoned just right, and the red beans and rice just melt in your mouth. Though I'm still a devout fan of Kathy's Soul food Kitchen, minus the lack thereof of proper serving etiquette (a whole other story), I like that I have just as good an option to choose from now when needing a soul food fix. Do check this place out if you're in the boulevard mall area, its definitely worth the trip.
4	One of my friends was craving fried chicken as we were leaving our Spring Break weekend of debauchery. Thankfully, I had my trusty Yelpers to assist me in finding Angie's Soul Food Kitchen, which is actually not too far from the Strip! While the plaza it's located in is a bit dingy, and the restaurant very small, the food was pretty good! I ordered the $3.99 Chicken and Waffles. Disclaimer: it really is only ONE piece of chicken with ONE waffle. I wish I had ordered the fried chicken platters that were on the menu because it was finger lickin' good! I also ordered the creamed corned, which was delicious, sweet, and had savory bits of bacon and onion in it. I wish I had visited on a day that their banana cream pie/pudding was available! It sounds delicious from the other reviews I read. Overall, I would definitely give this place a try if you're ever in the area and craving fried chicken. The staff is super friendly! It's like going to your grandma's for a bite to eat! Just be aware that cash is recommended and there are literally only about 2-3 tables in the place.
5	The best soul food I've ever had!  I couldn't wait to write this review because I am so excited I finally found a good soul food place in Vegas.  I got the catfish dinner and I got the fried chicken dinner for my brother.  I asked him how his was and with a mouthful all he said was "it's good as ****".  I got the collard greens and fried okra for my sides and both were exceptional.  The greens were cooked how greens are supposed to be cooked (with ham) and the right seasonings.  The fried okra was the best I've ever had, they were crispy and not soggy like some places.  The catfish was also fantastic!  It was fresh and breaded and fried how catfish should be (crispy, not soggy).  Whatever they use to bread the catfish and the okra is perfect.  I cannot express with words how my taste buds danced when I ate my catfish, greens, and fried okra.Last, but certainly not least, the owner was absolutely charming and it is clear that she is the type of person who genuinely cares about her business.  Isn't it always easier to spend money places where you feel like they really appreciate your business?If you are looking for excellent soul food, look no further!  This place is doing soul food how it should be done!
5	Im not religious but...OH JESUS THANK YOU.Screw this review, im going to eat!P.s. Dont forget to call ahead and everything on the menu is good!
5	Food was awesome no season needed the rice was off da hook. Very friendly staff will b back soon
5	First I want to say, the food here is amazing. The chicken was fried to perfection. The sides were all wonderful. I've never had better red beans and rice. The chicken and waffle is an amazing deal. The waffle was flavorful and i ate it with the chicken  like a sandwich. The sweet lady that helped me made me feel like I was in the kitchen talking with my grandmother. The quality of food is worth supporting this business and the owners. You will not regret stopping here.
5	This place was like heaven in your mouth! I went to Las Vegas a couple of weeks ago and stopped by Angie's because a friend recommended it. The food was amazing, hot, and delicious!!!! I would tell anyone to definitely stop by here you won't be disappointed!!!
5	I found Angie ' s on YELP and the reviews did not lie. Some BIG Conference attendees and myself had the catfish and baked chicken -off da chain. And the sides (mac n cheese, greens, Potatoe salad and yams) were delicious. Big thx to Angie and her Mom's for taking care of us DC brothers .
1	Not impressed at all. Unfortunately the greens tasted like canned greens, the yams were hard, the mac and cheese was overbaked and hard in many areas, the ribs were full of fat, and the chicken was very oily. The best thing we had was the red beans and rice. After reading multiple wonderful reviews we were so disappointed.  Perhaps it was an off day or maybe our California palates are just not accustomed to this soul food. They were friendly and we did wait patiently for our food to come at its best as they do cook it fresh. Too bad it was not a hit for us.
1	So frustrating!LV is such a great foodie city yet you cannot find Chicken and Dumplings anywhere in town!...except Angie's Soul Food Kitchen, and only on Tues, at least as shown on this website. Waited thru Mon to get to Tues for the special. Drove across town to get there. Upon arrival, the sign on the door says closed on Tues.  How can you only serve the Chicken and Dumpling special on the one day you are closed?The food may be as great as the reviews indicate, but I will never know.Learned my lesson.....
2	I finally found a good soul food place Thanks to Angie and Mama I'll definitely be back
4	The fried catfish was remarkable along with the sides.I didn't have Kool - Aid in a long time and thought I should have some, bad idea waaay to sugary. But I did preserve it by adding water though. Overall it was great. A must have.
1	Can't really comment because I came on normal business hours and at normal time at 4pm and they were closed no sign no nothing . Kinda disappointing.
4	Excellent. Get the fried chicken dinner, very friendly staff. Will go back and get the fried fish
5	The soul food is amazing. Probably the best in Las Vegas.Seriously, go here.My roommate had the fried chicken dinner with collard greens and potato salad. The fried chicken was so crunchy! I had the turkey and stuffing dinner with Mac n cheese and potato salad. The turkey was succulent and flavourful. The sides were delicious and it was more than enough food to fill me up.
5	While visiting from San Diego we stumbled upon this restaurant and boy are we happy we did! We called 20 minutes before they closed and they stayed open late to cook our order. We had a smothered chicken meal, fried catfish, and fried chicken meal. ...Wow! The fried okra was awesome! Chicken crispy,  fish seasoned perfectly and everything was just screamin' Like the sign says it is not fast food, it'soul food....it's definitely worth the wait. Very nice people working there, you can tell they care and it sure does show in the quality of their food.
5	Just went there for the first time tonight, based on the reviews.  Called in advance for takeout per the recommendations (thanks Yelpers!).  Got the fried chicken dinner with collard greens and mac and cheese.  Peach cobbler for dessert. When we got there, they were just finishing the dishes, which took about an extra 5 minutes (so we were checking out the menu!).First of all, we got to meet Angie, who popped out of the kitchen to say hello.  Angie's Momma was behind the counter - she is such a darling and makes you feel like you are part of their family right away.Most importantly, the food:  This isn't just food, its a religious experience.  These ladies are so gifted.  Oh my goodness.  Everything is homemade and you can absolutely tell.  The fried chicken is the best I've had, hands down (and I lived in Kentucky!). Crispy without a touch of greasiness.  Meat was fall off the bone tender  The collard greens have big hunks of ham hocks and seasoned just right.  The mac and cheese - oh man, the mac and cheese.  I'm trying to pinpoint it, but I think it may be cheddar, swiss and a bit of gruyere.  This is the mac & cheese you find in a five star restaurant for $20.  It can only be described as elegant.  The blend of flavors just flows so beautifully.The peach cobbler smelled like heaven and tasted even better, with nutmeg and ginger.I am so glad I found this place and cannot wait to try everything else!
5	We just had the fried chicken , greens, cabbage , mac& cheese, mashed potatoes & corn muffins. Everything was very good & the people were great- it is real home cooking , small business @ it's best they are happy to have you & you can tell it. Tried to come yesterday but they are closed tuesdays-10 min off strip & again you get great value & quality- we will be back
2	Really hole in the wall joint.  Friendly service.  If you're expecting fast food, this isn't the place to go.  They make your food fresh to order.  Not the best southern style cooking I had.  You can tell the oil they use to fry their food has not been changed in a while.  The food was tasty enough to satisfy my appetite, but I won't be coming back.
