3	We came here for a quick bit to eat.  We shared a turkey sandwich which was decent but the next day we ordered a tuna melt and it was gross
5	OMFG my bf and I agree that this place cooks the BEST cheeseburger!!!! It was a bit pricey ($8), but well worth it. They asked how we wanted our meat! I have never ordered a cheeseburger where someone asked me how I want my meat cooked! I wanna go to Vegas just for the cheeseburger right now....P.S. don't be tempted to buy tickets for this Cirque show w/ Criss Angel that's located right next to this deli. You will want your money back.
4	After the semi-drama my friends and I ran into at Tryst, we all head back to Luxor (where we were staying) to grab some late night grub. The cheeseburger here is a MUST try. I don't know what kind of bun they use for it, but it's so good. The fries are awesome too. The only thing I regret is not being able to finish my order.
2	We ordered a club sandwich and asian chicken salad. Based on the sandwich alone, I would have given 3 stars but the salad was gross.  Maybe the burgers are the best thing to get here...
5	Not sure if the reviewers below are smoking crack with Marion Berry or what.. This deli is the bomb. Coming from NYC, home of some of the best sanwich shops in the country this place takes the cake for vegas hands down. This is one great deli, they serve a monster amount of meat on there sandwiches. Order a triple decker B on whole Wheat. Also one can refill there cup a unlimited amount of times at the foutain soda machine. Total bargain in a town that usually tries to take you for all your worth, especially considering how the taxis in this city seem to cost 10-24 bucks per ride even when you go less than a mile or two. This place is located in the luxor, like gentleman, my brother and I were staying next door at The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay and would stop here for a late nite bite before walking back over to Mandalay. In fact we happened to show up here on our last night and encounter a bevy of animals that just wandered in from a night out. We ended up taking two animals from Canada back to our room only after sitting with them for 20 minnutes. Slayed them like puff the magic dragon as they did the walk of shame back to the luxor as my brother and I threw lunch meet at the door after they walked out of our room.Side note... The luxor is a dump, but it is where all the hot twenty something easy girls stay. Knowing what I know now, Id stay here over a more upscale hotel that has nothing but fat old midwestern hicks, whose trip highlight is walking by a real world cast member in the buffett line.
4	Ordering two backstage specialty sandwiches for two left us comatose. damn good but comatose. i suggest next time sharing bc each half already weighs a pound and you don't want those extra lbs. entering the open corner deli inside a casino feels a lil odd especially when you see families walking towards the elevator to get to their suite or gamblers using the slots. it's a strange corner but the food was good. and well...affordable compared to all the pricey restaurants with extravagant  decor.
4	Grabbed a quick bite here before we checked out of the Luxor (had to use our food credit on SOMETHING!)I got the bagel and lox plate and my boyfriend for a ham and cheese sandwich.  The lox plate was fantastic with a generous pile of lox, capers, onions, tomatoes, olive and a boiled egg. The ham and cheese sandwich was reported to be ok but nothing special as it was literally ham, cheese, lettuce and tomato on bread with no mustart or mayo.  A few hours later a friend of ours came by and was hungry so we headed back to the deli so he could eat.  He picked up the Turkey and Pastrami sandwich which was basically as big as my head.I will definitely hit up Backstage if I am staying at the Luxor again, the prices were right and the food was much better than I expected it to be.
4	I'm loath to tell everybody how excellent this place is, because it's the last good quick bite in Las Vegas that doesn't have a mile-long line coming out of it. This is most likely because it's hidden in a far corner of the Luxor, sort of behind the Criss Angel theatre.  Unless you're staying at the Luxor and/or went to see Criss Angel (and if you did, I'm sorry), you'd probably never find it. Whoever created the menu to this place is obviously a New Yorker, because they know delis here. Although eleven bucks may seem like a lot for a sandwich, you'll get what you pay for - piles and piles of fresh, mouth-melting meat on delicious toasty bread with just the right amount of tangy thousand-island dressing. It's not quite Katz's level brilliance, but I was not expecting a deli sandwich in Las Vegas to be this amazing. I do wish the soda fountain had a little more diversity (instead of four flavors of water that all tasted like cough syrup, a seltzer button would have been nice), and the sandwich served on "pretzel bread" was a little small, but the overwhelmingly delicious head-sized club sandwiches forgive a lot of sins.
4	The Backstage Deli is one of the best places inside the Luxor to greab a bite to eat.  Positioned next to the Criss Angel theatre, the deli has all the classic items and serves 24 hours.  I had the Pastrami on Rye and it was almost as good as the more expensive version at the Carnegie Deli at Mirage.  This place delivers excellent food in short order time.
3	This is a good place to go for a quick bite, but there was confusion surrounding our trip.  Only because of the reviews here we knew to look near the Criss Angel theater.  My husband and I first tried to get dinner there on Monday but it was closed, despite the sign there that said it was open for breakfast, lunch and dinner hours (the Vegas 2 Go magazine says hours are from 7 am to 2 pm Sun - Thurs, 7 am to 11 pm Fri - Sat).  We went back for lunch today.  The cashier lady had trouble ringing us up, and after asking for help rang us up for our orders, a chicken sandwich for my husband and a phillly cheesesteak for me.  They got both our orders completely wrong - I think the cashier rang us up incorrectly although our receipt reflected the correct orders.  After we told them, they promptly got us the sandwiches we ordered.  My sandwich tasted good but the meat was all pushed to the middle, leaving my ends with no filling and just bread.  Despite all of this, I'd still recommend it if you want something quick and relatively cheap while at the Luxor, but just hope they don't get your orders mixed up.
4	wuuuttt tha F...the chicken noodle sooup here is some of the most amazing chx noodle soup i've ever had. shit, i ate it for dinner 3 nites in a row! cuz soup is good for the alcoholic soul ;) the sandwiches are awesome too! the quality and amount of meat, bread (foccacia), etc is pretty top notch considering it's a deli in *luxor*. i think this is one of the few places in vegas u can grab a roughly nutritious meal for under $20 and in less than a half hour! and to keep it that way, im not gonna tell u where it is in luxor. ha!
1	What the heck are the people who rave about this place talking about??!!Not only are the sandwiches about $10 but we definitely were disappointed by the quality of the food. I got some special they had going that came with the chicken salad pita sandwich and fries. It was about $12....the chicken salad was more of mayo salad with some chicken in it. The only good thing were the fries but come on fries are kind of hard to mess up!My friend got a chicken sandwich and she was disappointed with how bland it was. Nothing was used to season it...she had to use lots of condiments to make the thing edible.Oh and they ordered one soda since a small drink at the place is $3.99!!! Yes, really!! This place is just a rip off...definitely not worth for what they are charging.If you want to find a good sandwich...go to Planet Hollywood's food court that's in that shopping center and stop at the Earl of Sandwich. Now that's a great sandwich place!
4	After hearing about how not good the buffet at the Luxor was, we decided to have dinner here at the BD. A little place tucked in the back, we checked out the prices which are very reasonable (relatively) and ordered. I got the chicken caesar salad sandwich and a drink which ran me about $15. After the six of us ordered, we grabbed a table, and waited a few minutes, a testament that they're made fresh. Mine came out first and I waited 'til everyone got there's. I was pleasantly surprised that the chicken was hot, as I was expecting a cold sandwich all around. Anyways, it was BOMB, and I would totez go again
4	Been here a couple times for lunch & dinner. The burger, sandwiches, hot dog are consistently good. Located by the Cris Angel box office.
3	Hmm! Can this even be a real NY-style Jewish deli without any matzo ball soup? These are life's complicated questions. Anyway, I have not had any of their deli sandwiches yet, just their jumbo hot dog, which was just okay.
5	Ok, I do not take my sandwiches lightly, maybe because I am a simple sandwich orderer and need it to be just right. I had seen this place on yelp and kind of ran into it at the Luxor, right next to the Cris Angel Theater. Saw the triple decker club and my mouth started watering! Ordered that with a side of fries and yummo! We came back here 2 more times and each time still as satisfying as the first. My husband I ate split the sandwich and fries and it was plenty of food. I kept hoping I would have room to order the yummy looking cheesecake (esp. when the kids next to us were saying how good it was) but eachtime we were too full. The only downer is how expensive the soda was... more expensive then the fries. We learned our lesson and kept water in my purse.A little out of the way but soooo worth it. Quick and fresh!
5	I discovered this place out of convenience, but soon found ourselves walking all the way from the convention at Mandalay Bay just to eat here, and take food back for the others.  So far tried the oriental chicken salad (we ordered at least 5 during our trip) the lox platter(ordered 3) the turkey decker(x2) Turkey on focaccia(x2)  grilled veggie panini (they made it on the focaccia for me) and the chicken sandwich with mozzarella. We customized it a bit though.  No mayo, sauce on the side... I'm just not a burger and hot dog kinda girl, But they have those too if you like that kinda stuff.
3	Their service was a mess, but the food they served was actually pretty impressive.  Came here to grab a quick bite during the late night hours.  I had a turkey bacon sandwich, and boy was it stacked.  It measured about four inches high, and they used three slices of bread in total.  The turkey was moist, and the bacon was crisp.  The veggies were nice and fresh.  Overall a refreshing meal.  Only gripe was that the service was very slow although the place was empty.
4	I don't usually stop by to buy food without first checking the reviews first  - I mean, why have good when you can have the best? Am I right? Anywho, I broke my rule and I found the exception!Being famished from a booze binge and some hardcore dancing, we sniffed the air like dogs for the closest eatery and like a godsend, right off the elevator, we found backstage deli. I got the chicken pesto sandwich on ciabatta with chicken soup and my friend got the hamburger and fries. Both were delicious, fresh and hearty and it was more than enough to feed our mouths alone. They even include a large WHOLE juicy pickle to munch on as you devour your vittles.Seriously, if this is what they're feeding people backstage, sneak me in!
4	Here's the dilemma: either you're short on time, by yourself, inebriated, or some combination of all three. You want something to eat. The 24 hour diner has a line, plus you'll need to deal with a waitress and a wait. Options are limited.But you're in Vegas! Who wants to waste stomach space at the food court? You can eat that chain stuff whenever you want at home. This is where the Backstage Deli has tons of value. Solid deli sandwiches, not much of a line, and you'll get your food in ten minutes or so. Then, go hang out at the sports book and watch some sports while you get your nosh on. You've successfully avoided eating McDonald's in Vegas, and have some free entertainment while you eat too!
3	The Good: It's right next to the Criss Angel Theater at The Luxor, so it's the best place to grab a bottle of water or quick bite.The Bad: It's right next to the Criss Angel Theater at The Luxor, so chances are you won't be the only one looking for a bottle of water or a quick bite. Waited a good 20 minutes for one bottle of water!Avoid coming here at that time, and you'll be all set!
4	Great food alternative to the McDonald's and Nathan's Hot Dogs upstairs on the atrium level in the Luxor!My BF and I shared a chicken pesto sandwich which was really good, but could have used more pesto (I LOVE pesto!!).The area looked clean and well kept, but we did eat our food up in our room. The employees there were all nice - from the little contact we had with them.We wanted to go back for a late night meal (2am late), but didn't bother checking if they were open or not and ended up at Pyramid Cafe.
4	went here the first night we got into vegas.  we were staying at the luxor and had been drinking since we got in at 11:30am with nothing to eat. so around 9:30pm we decided it might be a good idea to get some food and then wander the strip after we took a little nap.  we got down there, and my friend was so drunk he could barely order (but it was his 21st birthday, so it is a given he would be hammered), but the staff was really patient with him and didn't get frustrated.  there was a mix up with the guys making the sandwiches and they ended up making an extra BLT which they just gave us for free since they said they would have to throw it out otherwise.  the sandwiches were pretty damn tall, tasted great, and hit the spot.  the BLT was really good, crispy bacon, fresh lettuce and tomato, good sourdough bread.  i got the corned beef and pastrami and swiss triple decker and it was huge and delicious.  as far as sandwiches, it was a good choice and i wouldn't mind going back
3	We used the last of our dining comps for lunch prior to check out. We all ordered a variety of items and were pleasantly surprised and relatively pleased with our meals. The fries were super tasty and I can always appreciate a dill pickle with my order.Note: The breakfast steak sandwich is pretty big and large enough for two. The patty melt was nicely toasted but really greasy. Overall, decent meal at the Luxor.
4	Decent food for a decent price!
4	This is probably the best bargain foodwise in the hotel.  My partner and I had a turkeyburger( me) and hamburger( her), shared fries and coleslaw and the bill was 20.00.  You order from a counter and then pick up your food when they call your number.  The food was fresh and cooked correctly too.  We brought our own sodas( diet coke) because this hotel oNLY has horrible PEPSI products.
4	Walked by late one night at the Luxor and was hit by an incredible smell. Immediately walked up to the counter and asked what that smell was. The New Yorker...Corned Beef w/ thousand island dressing on a pretzel bun!!! AMAZING, I ordered it with sweet potato fried and was in heaven! Couple packets of yellow mustard and a soda and I was making a mess of my self. My friend ordered a Cobb salad and it was equally impressive. The one drawback here is that it doesnt have enough seating. So take it to go, or stare at someone until you make everyone uncomfortable.
5	This place ah-maze-ing! Have been here twice and the food has been consistently delicious, well and freshly made.  Had the burger with cheese, it was well done, tasty, and juicy (mouth waters just thinking about it...) Definitely check this place out inside the Luxor. I believe it is open 24hours so there's no reason to miss this. It IS at the end of the strip which is too bad for the Deli, but I'm sure those who discover this place will enjoy it.
5	With prices on the room service menu outrageous this was a great place to get a quality sandwich and fries to bring back to the room at the end of the night. As a former sandwich maker I was so impressed to see the attention that the chef's put into each order. They were incrediubly patient and nice. I really felt like it was my order that was the only order they cared about when they put it together. The Backstage Deli is by the Las Vegas book location in the casino and although I did very little gambling I did make a couple of trips to the deli and was so very happy with my food. Make this the place for late night snacks!! Thanks, guys!!!!
1	$14.03 for 2 waters and 2 bananas. Get the eff out.
3	The Backstage Deli is located in The Luxor close to Elevator 2. It's convenient but doesn't stay open 24 hours. I had a Cajun Dog and my BF had a Chinese Chicken Salad. His salad was not bad at all. My dog though was just OK. It had a gross sweet "Cajun" sauce on it. The dog itself was OK. The place is pretty clean but service is kind of slow. There are booths and tables. I would only come here if I needed a quick small bite. There's so much good food in Las Vegas that I would not come here otherwise.
5	Hence the name its a Deli so if you order anything else honestly your not giving yourself justice. Their sandwiches are awesome and packed in. The pastrami with corn beef is my favorite. If you love to bet on sports well its only 20 ft away from the sports book. You can catch whatever game you have money on while you enjoy these wonderful sandwiches. I highly recommend it... I feel sorry for the guy who went here for a cajun Dog, Really dude! As for the service if you want quick service go to a fast food joint.
4	Good cheap eats! I had the Sonoma style hotdog and it was chock full of toppings. It's like the south strip version of earl of sandwich.
5	Great food good price. I loved the #5 triple Decker Turkey and Bacon
3	This place is pretty good for a deli. It opens late, it might even be 24 hours because when we were there it was pretty late. We stayed at The Excalibur but the food options there were really sad so we ventured out to Luxor. I had the Bagel sandwich with Eggs and Cheese. Jesse had the Veggie panini. Big portions and they hit the spot. The only problem was they didn't put enough seasoning on our dishes. A little dash of salt & pepper will be nice. Prices are lower than I expected for Vegas. It's a great people watching spot because it's by one of the hotel elevators. We saw quite a bit of ladies with high heels and almost fell on their asses. Great late night munchies and entertainment for sure.
4	Wonderful sandwiches at a reasonable price.  Pretty much everything is delicious here, but the #2 triple decker turkey pastrami on rye is great and filling!
5	It's been a year since we last came here. I know the portions on the triple decker sandwiches are amazing. The last time I went I remember getting a half a pickle, pastrami on rye & a drink.Today at 4:48PM my mother and I stopped in to share a #1. Corned beef, pastrami, Thousand Island, Provolone instead of the Swiss cheese & NO coleslaw. We had Caridad as our server, she was very soft spoken & I wasn't sure what her problem was.. when we checked out we hand her our M life cards, she asked us twice if we wanted to use them. YES, of course! *face palm* Our order came to a grand total of $12.65.Our meal was up relatively quick, I waited a couple minutes. A heard our order number called, came up to see this sweet lady, "you must be the lucky number" she said. I laughed, "Yup, that's me", I said with a smile. I told her thank you & much appreciated. This time I noticed I had a smaller pickle but it was whole, instead of half! Nice surprise.All in all it was a good experience, it's usually spotless in here. I LOVE this deli. It's one of the few places I'll visit to eat off the strip. We'll be back for sure!
3	I'm gonna say 2 1/2 stars here. They make a pretty good sandwich and sell them for a decent price. The chicken with roasted peppers and mozzarella was perfectly acceptable for a mid-afternoon snack. I was amazed that the chicken breast they used wasn't total frozen crap. It probably WAS frozen, but it tasted better than expected. Bread was a bit tough and chewy, though. I probably should have gotten a burger or something. For what it's worth, my gf loved her tuna sandwich. I didn't take a bite of it since this one stuffed me (I may have also been full of booze), but take note if you're a tuna fan since apparently it's a winner. She was also super excited that the sandwiches come with a dill pickle.
1	Not only was the burger I had bad, it was also cold. All I wanted was a decent bacon cheeseburger. What I got wasn't edible at all; even the bacon was bad! How do you screw up bacon?!
4	Decent food if you're looking for something on the cheaper end (especially since everything else is so expensive).  They're also open 24 hours so it's a nice option for late night hunger.
3	Pretty good food in a snap.
3	I was pleasantly surprised that a deli inside a hotel could produce a decent sandwich. I got the $10 pesto chicken, and the sandwich fed me to satisfaction both in taste and portion. Although I prefer to try out the "local" spots (and preferably new places if my stops weren't amazing) rather than places in hotels, I would dare so I would not object to going back here if the situation called for it. Bottom line: Don't scoff too hard, as quality is higher than you'd think.
3	Open 24/7. Tucked away in a back corner of the Luxor, next to Criss Angel's Believe theater. I got a Pesto Chicken sandwich and it was quite good and served quickly. A bit pricy though. Probably one of the better options around the Luxor for reasonably priced food open late.
5	6/28: Located in Luxor. My second visit. I was walking around Luxor/The Shoppes at Mandalay Bay and stopped by here to eat. Decided to use all of my poker comps during my first visit (11/26). Wasn't expecting anything special, just standard cafe food, but I was wrong. I ordered a Cheeseburger with Swiss Cheese. It ended up to be one of the best burgers I've ever had! Especially the bun. I'm not sure what type it is (not a normal sesame bun), though it was very soft and fresh. The fries were great as well. I got the Turkey Burger this time around. Same awesome taste and quality. Both burgers were somewhat plain, nothing fancy, but great. The grease was minimal, focusing more on other aspects of the burger. Very clean meal and didn't feel sick or stuffed afterwards. The chefs were friendly as well, and I could tell they put actual effort into their craft, even though they're in a "normal" deli/cafe. The Strawberry Cheesecake and Chocolate Covered Strawberries were good as well. I'll definitely be back!
5	Best place to eat for the price while at the Luxor. Chicken salad is amazing!!!!! Onion rings are to die for!!!!!! Love the BLT!!!!! Food is fresh, fast service!!!!!
4	Yummy! We stopped in for a drunken bite to eat at the Luxor on our way back to Mandalay Bay. The sandwiches were HUGE and I was impressed by the freshness of bread and meats. They are extremely generous with their servings of meat, if you look at the picture I took.. I couldn't even fit my mouth around it! It was delicious! I would definitely go back.
4	We've visited this place twice now and both times were delicious! You have to try the corned beef and pastrami sandwich it's so good! The sandwiches are decent sized you could definitely split one and add a side and you would be set for two people. The only down side is that it can get expensive it was 4 dollars for one regular sized fountain drink. That was a little ridiculous. But the food is good will definitely be back!
4	Luxor is a hotel I come to quite often, so naturally I was bound to eventually have to check out this place. I am personally a huge fan of sandwiches (trying to stay on the healthier side) and this place was quite the pleaser. My sandwich ran me about 10 bucks but I gotta admit it was well worth it!
4	This wasn't our planned post-race eating spot, but things change, and you have to adapt. We chose Backstage because it was within our hotel, we could order food to bring back to our room, and the prices weren't sky-high, like the room service menu items.They seem to have a lot of very good people working at this restaurant. It was busy that night (it seemed like quite a few runners were taking their post-workout meal there), but the kitchen staff was working quickly, and the girl working the register was super friendly.I wasn't feeling super hungry, but knew that I needed to at least eat something, so I ordered a fruit plate and a butter croissant. My husband went with the California Burger and an order of fries. We got our number and headed over to a table to wait. Again, the tables that were occupied seemed to be occupied with people who were doing the same thing - everybody looked ready to bolt the second their food came up.I grabbed a bunch of condiment packets, napkins and plastic utensils before settling down at a table. There were about four people in front of us, so we knew we had a bit of a wait for my husband's burger (my fruit plate and croissant were handed to me when we paid).I was impressed by the size of the fruit plate. I saw it on the menu, then saw a fruit cup in their refrigerated display case, and was afraid that I was going to end up with that. Instead, I got a huge platter full of red and green grapes, pineapple, honeydew, cantaloupe and watermelon slices, as well as two (TWO!) strawberries. The fruit was fresh and good, and I was surprised by the fact that I couldn't finish it all. The croissant was flaky and buttery, and I had no problem polishing that off.My husband liked his burger, once he had it assembled. It was a big dang burger, and they didn't seem to skimp on the order of fries, either. They smelled really delicious, but I didn't try any.Overall, it was nice to have a non-sit-down option within the hotel that didn't cost more than our entire Vegas stay. Plus, they get extra points for helpful staff. There was an incident with a runner at the condiment station, and they helped us handle it quickly and safely. I sure hope that guy is okay.
2	I was staying at Mandalay bay and after a long night of vegas debauchery I needed some grub. I guess I wondered off like a drunken zombie around 3 am. Not having eaten for about ten hours and having consumed enough alcohol to kill a small horse I would have eaten anything. Well unfortunately for me there are no options for late night grub at Mandalay Bay outside of room service.So I did the drunk zombie shuffle over to luxor and find a McDonald's.  There are about 70 other drunk idiots there in front of me so I continued my quest. I ended up downstairs and hapened upon this place. You order your food quick service style and they shout your number when its ready. Lady working the counter was pretty rude. I had asked for a water cup which I saw they had them but she told me you have to buy bottled water. Im a cheap ass especially when drunk. Really you want me to pay several dollars for a miniscule amount of the thing most prevalent on this planet. To add insult to injury as I was leaving I saw a group of people drinking water out of there damn water cups.The food I had was ok nothing I would ever crave or seek out. I had there breakfast sandwich no better than McDonald's but quite a bit more expensive.  I also had there California burger the following night and a few bites of a turkey wrap. The burger was greasy the guacamole horible I scraped it off, But if its 3am your drunk enough and dont want to wait in a huge line at McDonald's not a bad option of the two available.
3	Their pastrami sandwich on rye with coleslaw and russian dressing reminds me of my favorite sandwich in Los Angeles, but their $4 fountain sodas were a huge turnoff.   The fries weren't great and their hot dogs are just okay.    I only ate here because I arrived on the strip close to midnight after several hours of driving.   If you are staying at Luxor, I recommend that you eat at the food court at Excalibur or that you go across the street to MGM.This place has decent sandwiches and will provide satisfactory sustenance if you don't want to leave Luxor, but I'd recommend venturing outward.
4	Like other reviewers, I hadn't planned to eat here.  More or less bumped into the place when looking for a quick bite inside the cavernous Luxor.  It's open 24 hrs. and is located in the Southwest corner of the casino next to the Cris Angel Showroom.  The sandwiches are huge, stacked with deli cuts of your choosing.  I believe I ordered the # 2 Triple Decker Sandwich.  It was great.  Prices are fairly reasonable too for Strip Resort food.  Several members of my party stayed at the Luxor and ended up eating here for several meals.
5	We love this little deli tucked into a corner of the Luxor! Perfect for a small breakfast before a day of Vegas fun. There are a lot of choices here and although we only had breakfast here, we will try lunch next time as their sandwich choices looked great as well. The service is fast and friendly. We tipped the cashier and he thanked us nicely. One morning we were there pretty early and it was fun watching people dressed in their clubwear strolling in on the way to the elevators as we were just starting our day. Went there twice during our week long stay at the Luxor! We'll be back!
1	Terrible breakfast. Don't, bother. I had a crappy bagel sandwich.  I should have hit McDonalds.
5	Hidden gem, this place is! I discovered this place on a recent stay at the Luxor Hotel and was very impressed. It is in the very back of the Luxor Casino Floor right near the #2 Elevators.A great thing about this place is it is open 24 hours and all menu items are served 24 hours. So whether it is early morning, dinner time, or 3 AM after a long night of drinking, you can come here and order a burger, sandwich, breakfast, salads, hotdogs and more.The #11 Pollo Panini is a good option. It comes with grilled chicken breast, mozzarella, roasted peppers, tomato and chipotle mayo on a decent roll. The chipotle mayo has a nice little kick to it. We also got the #3 Triple Decker (turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato, mayo). This thing is HUGE! They do not skimp on the portions. You know how when you walk into a fast food joint and see the plump juicy burger pictured on the wall with crisp lettuce and thick tomato slices but then when you get it, it looks like a flimsy thin piece of cardboard? That is not the case here. The sandwich is just how it looks. Huge!They also have a lot of small dessert options that aren't shown on the menu. Cookies, brownies, strawberry shortcake, cheesecake, chocolate mousse. We got the Chocolate Mousse and the Fruit Custard and were pleased with both!Open 24 hours, good food, good portions, healthy options, dessert options. What more could you want??
5	Great place if you are hungry and want something quick to eat there or take up to your room. I have tried the #11 Pollo Panini, #3 Turkey Bacon Triple Decker, Chocolate Mousse, & Fruit Tart. Everything was delicious and it is definitely a place worth coming back to.
5	Awesom deli and fresh made desserts. Everything is made to order and delicious. If you want a full meal under $20 with a scratch made dessert then go to backstage deli. The tarts and creme pies are to die for. I ate 5 in 2 days. The banana creme pie has almost a whole banana sliced on a little tart. You have to eat here if you want a good meal at a great price!!  On top of that open 24 hours every day!!
2	Ate here late Saturday night as this is the only place open. Long line as expected. Cooks seem to be busting their butts making orders but not "in order" if that makes sense. We ordered a Reuben with waffle fries and were given #4, they were still calling #'s in the 90's. They got to #99 then #'s 1, 2 and 3. Then #15, 13, 9, 7. I can see if they had like hotdogs, pastries or something easy to make but they were getting triple decker pastrami's and sh*t. WTF!! Our order should've come first!We waited like 15-20 minutes after they called #3 before they finally called our #4. Bullsh*t! As for the food it was just alright.
4	yummy food. good portions. had the Philly and the club triple decker delicious. definitely come back
4	Great Sandwiches ...I tried New Yorker / Reuben / Burgers ( ALL DELISH )Located in the corner of the Luxor Casino & Hotel ... Only bad thing about this place is the $5.00 small fountain drink ... That's way over priced !!
4	Open 24 hours.  Around $10 for a sandwich, but they are good size.  Food is hot and fresh.   Conveniently located off of elevator 2 to stop and bring a sandwich up to your room before bed.
4	A great sandwich shop open 24 hours a day. When staying at the hotel I will eat here multiple times on the trip. Can't go wrong with their triple decker ruben!
5	This place has great sandwiches. Open 24/7 so the lines can get rather long. Got the turkey sandwich and it was piled high! Fountain drinks are way over priced at $4. Overall a great place to eat, especially when all the other restaurants are closed.
4	I love the fact that they offered turkey sausage. Most place don't offer a turkey product for breakfast. The food was tasty. I am eating here tomorrow.
5	I def. recommend this place to anymore staying nearby. It is fast, fresh,   and affordable. It is very good food. I ended up eating at least 1 meal at day here on my vacation. The sandwiches are huge!!!! You can def. share 1.  Love the waffle fries, onion rings are good too just a bit greasy.!!! They let you add and substitute anything onto your meal!!! This place is a must
2	Hilariously in the sense that this is exactly what Vegas food consisted of in the late 80's and early 90's. Typical reheated, cafeteria-influenced eggs/sausage/bacon and standard sandwiches. The breakfast is notably poor, as the eggs will guaranteed be overcooked, the sausage rubbery and the biscuits cold. The sandwiches are decent, but very oily and the bread is soggy. I guess an advantage is the fact that it's open 24 hours, but why would you want bad food at all hours in this day and age? Go somewhere else unless you really are obligated to eat in this poorly-located, poorly-staffed countertop deli.
4	Pretty good food for a small deli style place at the Luxor. There was a long line when we showed up but their service is fast and we got our food in no time! We left the LAX club 15mins earlier than others in our group so the girls can grab a bite to eat before meeting the party bus for our next club and we made it here, ordered, got our food, and were able to meet up with the rest of the group on time. That should tell you how fast these guys work and the best part is the food actually tastes good for being a small place in a casino.
5	This deli was phenomenal.  We ate here late at night (they are open 24 hours) and opted for #1 which was a pastrami and corned beef sandwich.  The food came out quick and it was excellent.  I would highly recommend this place for a late night deli sandwich.
2	Food not that good, fair price though. I ordered a chocolate and is way too sweet! You can't even take 2 or three bites because you will get sugar rush.
