4	H Samuel has always been a brand of quality on the high street. It may not be as flashy or innovative as other designer jewellers but they offer affordable and more expensive jewellery that is generally crowd pleasing. I have received H Samuel birthday gifts during Primary School, High School and one of my friends bought me a gorgeous earring and necklace set for my 21st birthday. I guess this shows that they offer something for every age group.This particular branch has a good range of jewellery, it's very well organised so easy and stress free to browse and the staff are very friendly too. It isn't as large as other branches of H Samuel but they still have a good amount of pieces to choose from.
3	I've never been the biggest fan of H Samuel. The Glasgow branch is particularly bare, and a bit barren when it comes to kitschy trinkets.This branch has a lot more on show than the one in Glasgow's Buchanan Galleries, so I was slightly more intrigued. Saying that, I can't say that I'm a steadfast fan of their jewellery. My inkling for H Samuel comes and goes in waves, according to what trends they have on offer. Their silver jewellery should be classy, and although they have a number of basic, tasteful necklaces I'm not a fan of their garnished diamond studded rings. And I strongly dislike the blinging Playboy range.They have some offers on for Father's Day at the moment, which is helpful since Dad might like some jewellery as much as mum! They also have some cheaper bracelets which, as Eleanor said, make good gifts for special occasions. However, I have found them over the years to be a bit bland. They are mainstream and thus cater to everyone, but a lot of the items are devoid of personality. Consequently, I find it more fun to scout out the various colourful, vibrant independent businesses Edinburgh has to offer. Spice up your life, go down Rose St!
3	I dont know much about jewelry - although I have enough sense to realise that this high street jewelers is not the type of place you would by someone majorly special an amazing piece of jewelry. Leave that to the places on George Street whose prices make your eyes water just as much as the bright lights in the display windows.That said, I would still come here if I was buying a gift for somebody who I knew liked jewelry adn also had taste - H. Samuel may be cheaper etc, but it still does some really nice stuff that cant be sniffed at, right across its extensive range. Perfect for birthdays of friends etc.
