1	I totally agree with you that Time Warner Cable has one of the worst customer service I have come across.  Sorry for the comment.  They may be the only service provider in this area that they do not care or the employees have not been paid enough that they do not care about their job.I signed up as they knocked at my door.  Like someone said, we need internet nowadays.  We need cable TV in order we can get national or world news, more informatory program or some quality programs.  They were fast to install for you.  But when you do not have service, it takes forever to talk to someone on the phone or they hanged you up after waiting forever.However when I wanted to seek their help, they would not answer you without a pin and kept transfer you to so many departments (really that big, I don't know) till your phone call dropped.  That will take you hours on the phone without a solution.As I need to move and cancel the account, they will give you a hard time.  Watch out this company.
4	TW is relatively new to Fort Mill/Indian Land but when they arrived, we switched from Comporium.  Our experience has been very positive.  Telephone reps are friendly, efficient and thorough.  Service needs are have required techs to come out to the house and each visit has been within 24 hours of the reported problem and solved quickly with one visit for each issue (and I'll admit it, the problems have all been user generated!).I knocked off a star for pricing - can't someone find a way to bring down the costs of cable TV and internet access??? - and because TW doesn't yet offer home phone service in my area.
4	Time Warner over AT&T any day of the year...
1	All I can say is that A) I had no other option then to go with Time Warner Cable for my internet service and B....If you don't have a local number it will be an absolute NIGHTMARE to pay your bill! You can go through the ring of automated messages only to get to a live person (after 10-15 min) then be told they will charge you so you must go through the automated service ....(repeat ). I cringe when it comes time to pay my bill each month.If you are lucky enough to avoid using them -I suggest you do so !
1	I was a customer for approx 16 yrs.  Only because they were my only option.  Came home one day to find out they had cut off my service because I had a balance of $28.00.  It was gonna be $150 and 2 wks before I could get it turned back on.  Needless, to say I told them to bite me and welcomed DirecTV which I love. !!!
1	Time Warner Cable is awful.  I really recommend looking elsewhere for your cable/internet before choosing them.I have had nothing but issues with my cable and internet since I had them, which has been about 3 years.  My internet will be slow for no reason atleast once a week, my cable will freeze and I will have to restart my box...which is annoying when you are trying to watch tv.Also, they really have the worst customer service I have ever dealt with. I recieved a bill from them a YEAR AND HALF after the fact for 35 bucks.  The best part is, I do not even have time warner in my name anymore....when I asked why I got this bill so late, they told me that since I moved they no longer had a "bill to" address.hmm, very odd that no other companies had any issues with sending mail to my new address.  Its also extremely odd that they could not contact me via e-mail or telephone? Would that have been so difficult? I dont think so.I called them up to discuss his and ask them these questions and the person I spoke to was dumbfounded.  Yea, I would be to.....because it makes NO SENSE TO BILL SOMEONE A YEAR AND A HALF LATER AND THE FIRST TIME THEY SEE THE BILL IS WHEN IT IS SENT TO THEM A YEAR AND A HALF LATER.Do yourself a favor, take to look into another internet/cable provider.  It is not worth the hassel or the headache.
1	So I haven't had TWC in 3.5 years and have heard nothing from them (I live in area of SC that they don't service).  Today I get a collection notice from them for $48.  Stop spending money to name every arena in the nation and hire some people who know what they're doing.
1	Well money talks so they talked me into giving them another try.  Well, I ended up telling them I never wanted to hear even their name again.  4wks later and I still had nothing hooked up and they cut the main cable line to my condo property and at&t's line when trying to bury some new lines for me.  They have no idea what they are doing and you get a different story each time you call them.  They better never even step foot near my door again.  Horrible !!!!
1	UGH!  Worst service ever!!!  We kept having issues with our wireless where it would go out sporatically so we called up TW and they sent out a service person to take a look.  First of all, they charge for the service visit because they outsource their maintenance.  Second of all, after FIVE visits (most of which were extremely late and tracked dirt into our apartment) the problem was still not rectified.  They tried to charge us for a new modem because they said that would fix the problem, and when it didn't, it took forever for them to pay me back for the modem we weren't using.Just switched to ATT U-Verse and it's cheaper, better, and they don't call every month to see if I want to add services.
2	In my area, I have my choice of Time Warner, Windstream & DirectTV. I went with Time Warner many years ago because of the fabulous bundle pricing (basic cable DVR & high speed internet, only). Unfortunately, like almost everything else, they reward you so well as a new customer, but do not offer anything for loyalty.I've been with them almost 6 years & the first few years were fine.  I was happy with a below $100 bill every month & never had any outages.  Fast forward to the past couple of years & I've had outages out of the blue, significant rate increases, locked into two different year contracts, only to have my bill stand at a whopping $141 every month.  When calling to report outages / issues, I get the run around & a "few days out" scheduled appointment.  As far as trying to get a better deal on my service...I'm always told, "there aren't any promotions available to you right now".Buyer's remorse? You bet.
2	The Yelp title under 2 stars is, verbatim: "Meh I've experienced better." When it comes to Time Warner Cable, nothing could be further from the truth. The Good: -If you can lock into an affordable contract for a number of years, you're golden. -Wireless speeds vary and I'm happy with my current download times. -Movies On Demand are current and *usually* play just fine. -I'm also a fan of the start over option, even though it's only available on select channels. The Bad: -Customer service ranges from acceptable/moderately helpful to downright ridiculous. This includes obscene wait times and employees who (seemingly) have no idea a) what's going on with outages and b) have absolutely no power to rectify any problems whatsoever.-Outages happen. I get it. But have a plan in place to address them and fix them in a timely fashion when they do. TWC is not speedy. -If you do want to renew your service and pay a reasonable amount of money for internet, phone and cable (i.e. $150 or less per month), you really have to jump through hoops...and threaten ditching the service altogether.-As Angie P said - there's really no incentive to stay a loyal customer because the rates keeps increasing. I find it extraordinary and brazen that TWC automatically upcharged my bill after a few years and expects me to pay an additionally $40 per month without giving me any reason whatsoever as to why my rates are hiked. I wish I could break up with TWC, but as of now I'll just sulk over my newly negotiated monthly rate.
1	One star reviews do not happen often for me, but I see no other option in this case. The bottom line is there is a total disconnect between their sales department and customer service.Sales called me and gave me a deal that was too good to be true. However, the sucker that I am for a deal, I got it. I questioned the sales rep repeatedly to make sure that what she was offering was very clear and there were no hidden fees. Looking back, they'll tell you whatever is needed to just get you to buy in without any consequence for lying to the customer. A month later I got my bill, which was supposed to be $75-$80 and it was well over $250 (remember, too good to be true). After I picked my jaw up off the floor, I called them...and stayed on hold for an hour. After talking to customer service and finally putting in a request for a supervisor to review my call, I had to wait for a return call. Never happened. Apparently, customer service and billing have different promos or authorizations than the sales teams. This cycle of calling without a response went on for at least 3 times  and over 3 hours of waiting before I could ever get to someone who could do anything to resolve my billing issue. At the end, I assure you I was much more firm and less willing to be pushed off to the next person.The customer service proved to me that they do not care about the customer experience, loyalty, or anything in my behalf. So, I dropped the service. *I showed them.*Shame on you, Time Warner Cable.
3	Called today on a whim (well, maybe not a whim, since we had a 3+ hour Internet outage this morning) to see about getting my bill lowered.  Surprisingly, the rep I spoke with gave me two promotions, which I was not interested in. No, I do not want Showtime or phone service.  About a minute later, she said she could get my bill down to $110.42 for the next year.  I'm OK with that, that's 31 extra dollars I can use towards something else.
3	While I have yet to fall in love with Time Warner Cable, I absolutely feel that they deserve (and earn) another star because of my recent interactions with their Twitter handle and help group, @TWCableHelp. I wish the sales team was as awesome, efficient and helpful as they are. I was having a nagging problem with my Movies On Demand feature - it was freezing on me, then not playing, then not starting, then not buying movies at all. It was incredibly annoying that I couldn't watch my purchased movie! I used the @TWCableHelp handle and one of the support reps tweeted me back within minutes. After a few interactions, I direct messaged my account name and number to one of the support techs and they diagnosed the problem and assisted in a full restart of the system. Bam, movie back on, and I was able to play it continuously. If you have a more complicated issue that they can't handle remotely, they can schedule a tech visit with you over Twitter, too. Is this tech group going to change my entire opinion of TWC? No, but I'll tell you one thing, next time I have any sort of tech problem with my cable service, I'm going to tweet to their Twitter handle first before waiting on the phone for an obscene amount of time. Yay technology.
1	This is for Time Warner Cable as a whole:FOR SHAME!The house next door is a rental. Everytime somebody moves out and has their cable disconnected, our's is disconnected too. I have to call and have it reconnected. They always want somebody to be at the home when a technician comes and I have to argue with the service rep that there is no reason for me to be at home and to do the connection at the street. Still they argue that someone has to be there. I refuse and tell them either send somebody out there or DirectTV is looking pretty promising. Boom! Done. Somebody finally comes out there when I'm not home. This last time the technician actually came back out to ask me about what's going on and he went back up the pole and labled our cables seperately to hopefully avoid an outage when somebody moves out again. I wish I got his name to give him some kudos. Always ask for a credit for a day or two's worth whenever you have an outage.Your pal,Walter
3	In general I don't really care for my cable/internet service provider, because frankly they are ripping me off.  However, I had been dealing with a remote that started losing function after function and could no longer deal with it.  I went to the TW office on Morehead and after waiting behind people who seriously had no clue why they were even there, I was helped by one of the nicest employees ever.  I wish I had gotten his name, but seriously I barely had the words out of my mouth and he was like well let's get you a new one!!  I wish all TW employees were this friendly, I wouldn't dread having to call them when there is an issue if this was the case!
1	TWC IS THE WORST!Unfortunately, TWC has basically monopolized the Charlotte area.  I am very jealous of all the people who have AT&T Uverse available to them.  I have contemplated DirectTV because TWC is so awful.  Every few months the "promotion" on my plan runs out and when I call they say they are giving me the best possible promotion that they usually don't give to any other customer by taking $5 off...how generous.  They really don't care if their customers are unhappy because they know they have no other choice for digital TV.  If you have other options, USE THEM!
1	Some of the worst service ever.  I called to cancel service and was transferred to retension.  After 53 minutes on the phone and trying to cancel service, I somehow agreed to keep the service for 6 months at a significantly reduced rate.  I then recieved  the bill the next month and the price had no change.  I called and they wrote in there notes some  othert agreement.  I asked to speak to manager and they denied me.  I told them I want my service canceled now and that I was not going to pay the bill.  They said no.  I asked for the manager he said no.  He then said if I ask for manager he will need to hang up.  He hung up.  His name is Jesus and will not give any other identification to me.  He is in the retention department.  If you are the manager of this employee, please review his work.
2	I haven't had any problems with my internet, but man, do those customer service employees behind the counter hate their lives, or what?I came in to transfer service from my roommate's name into my name, since she was moving out. It was about 3:00 on a Monday. I was lucky enough to be first in line, but 10 or so people quickly lined up behind me while we waited. There were only 4 employees working, and one of them, after glaring up to see the forming line, left for a break, and was in no hurry to get back. I explained why I was there and presented my modem, and was informed that I would have to start a new account instead of transferring, since I didn't have written permission from my roommate. Ok, no big deal. The lady helping my was cordial, but unfriendly and bored out of her mind. She talked to the computer screen instead of to my face. After starting my new account, she watched me pack up my modem, router, and all it's cables and start to walk away, before she asked if I would like go ahead and pay the first month so I wouldn't be billed for it. Good thing my wallet was at the bottom of my purse, under all the equipment she just watched me put on top of it!I know working with the public can be trying, and no one likes Mondays, but I hope I never have problems with my service that involve a visit back to the office. Talk about unpleasant.
1	I was offered internet sufficient to stream video for $29.99, and then when called to set up appointment to install service I asked what I would be charged and was told $34.95. I then called customer service to discuss what I would be paying and was told the $34.95. I explained that I had been quoted less, and the agent told me he could not do anything to help me. I think service providers should honor their word. I will use a carrier that is truthful and honest.
4	When I drafted this review, it was a one star. TWC needs to get their crap worked out with their IT infrastructure.First, ten minutes after I placed the order online I received an email that said I needed to call in to confirm some details. The operator said that everything looked fine but that he couldn't confirm the appointment time I had selected and the next available one was two weeks later. Uh, what? "I'd like to escalate this, please." And the customer care operator who got my call figured it all out (the first guy hadn't put any notes in the call record) and I was confirmed for the appointment I had selected.Second, the day before I was to have the service turned on, I recieved an email that said "This email confirms that your order has been cancelled at your request. We certainly hope you'll reconsider Time Warner Cable." Uh, WTF? So I called again and eventually got through to an operator who said she had no idea what that email was about and able to confirm the appointment I had.So I'm seriously starting to doubt my commitment to TWC.But then the technician arrived at my house exactly on time. He was courteous and professional and extremely good at getting everything hooked up. So I've decided that for now, TWC gets four stars. We'll see how the service goes going forward - I may update my review later.
3	I feel like nothing beats Road Runner for speed so I guess that is the only reason I stay with them. Other than that, I feel like the price goes up every year with out any additional value. The service is okay at best.
1	Terrible customer service.  I wanted to change my services, after an hour and a half on the phone, the change I wanted was not done and I was disconnected.  Called back and was told wait time would be 30 minutes.  I gave up.  If I could cancel service on line, I would, but that is not an option.  The only way to cancel is to call their number wait forever and pray you dont get cut off.  If you are looking to subscribe look at other alternatives first.  I read somewhere that Charlotte has the highest Time Warner rates in the country.  Avoid this company if you can.  Once they have you they make it hard to escape.
1	Let me start with the only good thing.....internet service.  Great, expensive, but dependable and fast.This is where the honeymoon ends.The cable tv service, especially the HD DVR service is the WORST!!!!   I cannot even begin to tell you how many movies and shows I have missed.  I have been through 8 DVR boxes and about 6-8 service visits in the past 12 months!   The "HD" service is terrible, and the boxes are cheap junk, regardless of what brand they appear to be.I watch about 75% of my TV using the DVR, so its really important.  It freezes, gives you a black screen, records parts of shows/movies, refuses to play things you record, re-starts itself whenever it wants, and randomly deletes everything you have recorded!!!!   So many new shows are not on demand, so if you miss one or two, you have to watch the season next year when its on DVD or Netflix because their horrible service makes you miss them.Don't even get me started with their customer service, or lack of.  Lets just use a few words to describe without cursing......rude...un-trained...clueless...un-helpful...un-knowledgeable...just to name a few.  Hold times are ridiculous, and they always have to transfer you to someone else after making you hold for 20 minutes.  They are unresponsive and really don't care if they lose customers.I have scheduled a disconnect for tv service and gone with a dish....can't be any worse, and its way cheaper.Since they have a monopoly on cable service, your only other choice is satellite, and perhaps that is why they really don't care about losing customers.
1	Wish I could give TWC zero stars. They have billed me wrong consistently for 4 months straight, then hit me with fees that don't make any sense. When I call to discuss, I am on hold for an average of 40 minutes. When I finally get someone on the phone, they are rarely helpful. One woman told me her manager would call me back and he never did. The worst part is, I'm an accountant and even I can't figure out their billing system. It should be illegal the way they bill people. It doesn't help that they have a monopoly on almost all downtown apartments in the Charlotte area. I have bugged AT&T U-verse about offering in my area, so hopefully I will be able to switch soon. If you are considering moving into an apartment building that only offers TWC, I urge you to reconsider! Possible the most frustrating company I have ever interacted with.
1	I dislike TWC.  I searched online for drop-off locations and found several; however, none of the phone numbers are in service.  I decided to drive to one of the locations only to find it doesn't exist.  I am so frustrated with trying to return this box.  If you live in the Charlotte NC area, where can I drop this darn box off to?
1	I am typing this as I wait on hold AGAIN for the second day in a row, I have now lost 53 minutes of my life on hold with TWC.Time Warner Cable makes me cuss and weep.  I luckily lived in an area for the past several years which had AT&T U-Verse which is AWESOME.... I never had a second of trouble with any of the services (phone, interwebz and cable for a while - but now just interwebz, with broadcast channels only trom TWC for $18/mo.).  I am moving in a few weeks to a location that does not have AT&T U-Verse, so I am forced back to TWC, NOT HAPPY.When you finally get a human through the voice activated maze followed by commercials for all of their services, they are generally polite and helpful, but the problem is getting a human.  After sitting on hold for approx. 20 minutes yesterday and hearing that you can "manage appointments" either online or via some app 17 times, I downloaded the app and searched for the ability to manage my appointment (move day has changed, so I needed to move the install appointment for internet) and you can't actually manage anything. You can look at it, but all I managed to do was become more annoyed.  I then tried the chat function for help, when I finally connected with a person online, I hung up.  MISTAKE.  You have to call to change appointment times.  BLERGH!  Back on the phone again, voice maze, stupid ads... I finally had to get back to my life after 20 more minutes on hold and gave up for the day.  So here I am... again... on hold... we are now at the 12 minute mark to change my appointment time.  In all of my moves, the techs have been terribly pleasant (with one exception that I got my pepper spray out for just in case - he was an odd bird), generally on time (within the window) and if you manage to get a human on the phone for support or assistance, they are always helpful and polite as well.  Since they apparently hire good people, HIRE MORE!
1	TWC is the worst cable company I've ever dealt with. Each time I've called for Tech Support I was on hold for at least an hour. Their only response is to unplug the box.  I'm on my 2nd DVR box in 2 months & channels go out randomly.  If you can get cable somewhere else do it!
1	This is my first TWC experience as I relocated from out of state.  It is by far the WORST service provider experience I've ever experienced in my life.  I had to call 3 separate times @ 30 mins each to start an account.  The first 2 times they were cancelled automatically after I called because the "current tenant" in the apartment hadn't put in a turn off request yet.  No one called or emailed me, I called back to confirm and they said, "oh you should have been called...... TWICE"  they had to run my credit TWICE since the two calls were over 30 days apart.  The folks on the phone are incredibly rude.The # on the self install kit (listed in 30+ places in the manual) was disconnected when you call it.I called for billing (My first bill was $36 incorrect), I got tech support, they transferred me to billing (which I selected on the auto menu), I got through to Billing, They informed me they were "in massachussets" they'd have to transfer me to Charlotte, which was the # I called on my bill to begin with!ABSOLUTE 100% AVOID AT ALL COSTS.  This is my only YELP review ever.  It has been so infuriating I had to take the time to warn anyone.(DIRECTV before & after TWC is a god send).
1	I have tried repeatedly to get this company to refund an incorrect amount charged to my mother who died.  There is no email and I have spent hours on the phone.  USE any other service if you can.
1	Time Warner Cable is an incompetent company that runs a monopoly on internet services in certain neighborhoods.  They will enroll you in bill pay, then charge you late fees when their service fails to draw funds.  Not failure to draw funds from a lack of cash in the account.  No, this is a failure to draw funds because their billing department is complete and utter garbage.  Their services are sub par and they over charge for this shit service because as previously stated they run the only line available for entire neighborhoods and small towns through out the Charlotte area.
1	I do not like this company! For years I have been forced to work with them for Internet and cable and have been consistently dissatisfied with the customer service. Inconsistent billing, poor customer service, and lies sum up this service. Can't wait for more service providers.
1	My wife and I have always liked the cable repair personnel but the customer service has always been the biggest joke- wrong departments , dropped calls, crazy appointment problems. I'm a small businessman who has sadly come to the conclusion that large corporations that dominate a market have no incentives to provide good service,customer communication, and reasonable prices. Time Warner Cable has done a horrible job of operating in this area although I fear that   the competitors are any better. A tollfree guy told me about "claiming" to have an appointment I scheduled and wanted to know who I wanted to talk to- I said whoever can help me fix my problem- he then asked what department that was and in the transfer the line went dead. Its a sorry corporation that doesn't care about customer dissatisfaction, and wasted time spent by the consumer.
1	TWC has turned me off again! How can u deprive your paying customers of SHOWTIME???? I have to ask myself...if no more Dexter, Ray Donovan, Homeland, and Shameless, what is the point of having cable? Seriously folks. They are getting out of hand and this takes the cake. I pay i have say and i say screw them! If everyone cancelled maybe they would rethink their decision. I have nothing else to watch
1	This is for Time Warner as a company, not a specific location, I have only worked with them online and over the phone.  I also wish that I could provide them with ZERO STARS.  This company is the worst to deal with.  It started off with my order being processed twice due to an issue with their website.  So I chatted with an analyst to have it resolved.  She then had to call me because she said my credit card was being rejected.  After about 45 minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly.  Then the day they should have been coming out to install I found out that they changed my street address in their computer when moving from the ordering system to the installation ordering system.  Therefore they installer never made it to my apartment.  When I noticed the change on the emails I received I called immediately (about 15 minutes after my scheduled install window).  The woman on the phone told me that she corrected it and contacted the driver who confirmed the new address and would still be coming.  After waiting another 2 hours with no contact I called back and the new person told me that it isn't possible to just update an address and that she had to put in a whole new order.  Oh and my specific apartment unit was not in there system so they would have to send someone out to survey before the installation so I couldn't set up another installation for almost 2 weeks.  (Mind you they had every other apartment in my building and when I originally placed the order they had no problem finding my address and signing me up)  The analyst also submitted an escalation about my issue so I could speak with a supervisor (after waiting for one for about a half an hour on the phone) within 24 hours.  Waited the whole day and no call back.  So I chatted online again and was told the escalation process takes 2-3 days not 24 hours.  I then said I just wanted to cancel any pending orders that I had in the system, to which I was told I had to call in to do.  Ok so I try to call after being hung up on by their system twice, hung up on once by a person, transferred and being on hold and trying to get through for almost a hour I finally get through to someone (nearly in tears to just end the process at this point) she asks if there is anything she can do to keep my business, I go through everything I have been through and she says "I have gone ahead and cancelled your order" nothing else.  So of course I am not surprised when I look at my credit card bill and they have charged me.  So here I go again...try chatting online and they tell me they can send a check, I say I want my credit card charged back, and they tell me I have to call a local office.  But I placed the order online, then I am on hold again.  Their response "I can submit an escalation and you will hear back from someone in 2-3 days".  I'm done I throw in the towel trying to deal with them.  I submitted a dispute through my credit card company and hope they can get through to them.  I am now using Clearwire.  Took me 2 minutes to place the order online, it was overnighted to me, 2 minutes to plug in and log on.  Why didn't I go with them first??  I WILL NEVER USE TIMEWARNER CABLE.  I would go without internet before I use them.
1	Well, I never thought I would be writing a 1-star review for anything, anywhere, at any time in the present century. However, I'm MORE than happy to give the lowest rating for this location/company/provider that is humanly possible due to the sheer lack of......anything and everything. Here's my story: Simplicity until the need to cancel service came around. Shouldn't be too hard of a task, yeah? WRONG. I call, speak with the first depressing voice on the other end of the phone, and then I'm transferred to some other "department." (5 minutes on hold) "Hello, this is aosidfh;qwoeifasdf;qlweirfg;aoid. How can I help you today?" I repeat my need to cancel service. *Computer clicking in the distance* accompanied by a LONG pause. (4 minutes of this)."Ok, sir. I'll transfer you to a;sldkfjq;owifa in the uralfj*($(&%*$(#(# department." Me: "But all I need to do is cancel my service and give you a forwarding address for my last bill." (5 minutes on hold)..................still transferred."Hello, sir. This is !@#$%QWEF. How can I help you today?"ARE YOU KIDDING ME. ALL I NEED TO DO IS CANCEL MY SERVICE.3rd person, on the phone for another 12 minutes....I've lost my mind at this point. For shorthand math, that's 25 minutes on the phone. At this point in time, I'm just praying I don't get disconnected. She FINALLY comes back and asks for my forwarding address, of which I have to repeat no less than 5 times to her. Me: "Ok. Just to clarify -- My service is cancelled, correct?"Less-than-able TWC Employee: "Yes."Me: "You have my forwarding address for my last bill, correct?"Less-than-able TWC Employee: "Yes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?"......"help?" I was almost insulted that she used that as a descriptor. "Help" isn't something that TWC provides. They provide song and dance and circumvention as opposed to service. The story doesn't end there. I had to go to this location on Morehead to return the modem we rented. BAD IDEA. It's the saddest place on earth. They opened the doors at 8am and the one woman behind the counter had a small line of "eager" customers. She barely paid any mind to anyone and then said, with little to no interest, "Can I help who's next?" Then, randomly, she just left and started bringing boxes in to the room one by one.....WHY? Nobody knows. I got to the counter, returned the modem as swiftly as possible to the rather sad employees, and hastily left the non-existent customer service clubhouse TWC runs there. It was unreal. The whole experience, from start to finish, was the most agonizing exchange I've ever had to go through. Completely malarkey.  Moral of the story: If you want to do "business" with TWC, beware.
1	I vote Time Warner Cable the worst company of all times. I spent 30 minutes on hold tonight trying to find out why my bill has gone from 29.99 to 55.00 per month and I can not see any change in the quality of service. Their website will only allow me to increase my cost but offers no suggestions as to how I might save money. I guess no one has ever told their management that it is cheaper to keep a customer than to try and get them back. Don't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies. I love American Express they are the best company in America. Uverse is the second worst company in America in my humble opinion. Tmobile is 3rd worst company and Direct TV is the 4th worst. After that I would say Sprint is the 5th worst. By the way I have Dish for my TV and have been pleased for the most part with their service.  If you have other ideas please add.
5	Went in to exchange my cable box. Got in and out in under ten minute even though there was a bit of a line, and with no questions asked.
2	TW raised my internet rates twice in 18 months and called it "a discount", WTF.  When it runs it's super fast (33m) but the connection is erratic. Customer service is typical for telecoms and the installation was sloppy. The only reason I have to give them two stars is because I was stuck for years with Comcast and that was MUCH worse.
1	After years of outages, poor quality video, service disruptions, and crappy customer service, I finally decided to switch to AT&T.Let me tell you, I've never had a WORSE experience with ANY company than TWC as I tried to get my service disconnected. I called in 2 full weeks ahead of my requested disconnection date, just to make sure everything would go smoothly. After holding for an hour, I finally talked to a lady who scheduled the disconnect, gave me a confirmation number, and everything. We went to return the equipment at the local TWC office; waited in line over an hour to turn in the equipment. 2 weeks later, I check the internet - they still don't show my service disconnected. I get on line with a chat agent at TWC, and he says I'll have to call and they have no record of me disconnecting. I got very upset at the thought of calling and holding for another hour to talk to someone so I really let him have it. He then agreed to disconnect me as of 9/6, like it was some sort of favor to me. Never mind the fact that I even had the cancellation number from the phone call. So today I look online again, and they show that I owe them $25. Actually, they owe ME $25 for the week of service I paid for and hadn't used. So, I get online again, and guess what? the chat agent that I talked to 2 weeks ago didn't set my disconnect for the original date. Instead he did it 2 weeks after! So I got online with another chat agent today who once again apologized and is "escalating my case". I've now spent over 6 hours trying to help the incompetent CSR's at TWC to actually do this correctly. Meanwhile, we've had AT&T now for over a month. Guess what? Not a SINGLE outage, not a single disruption. And customer service is prompt and helpful. I will never, ever sign up for TWC again. I don't care if I have to go without TV someday vs. paying TWC another cent. They should be a Harvard case study on how to run your business in such an incompetent, offensive way that you actually lose customers for life. I guess if they don't do it right this time, I will just pay the $25 (so they don't do something to mess up my credit) and then file a complaint with the State utilities commission. Avoid TWC. Not worth the money you will pay, and certainly not worth the pain you will experience if you ever need to contact them for anything. Worst customer service of any business I've ever dealt with.
1	After Time Warner Cable raised my internet rates again with no improved service, I switched to EarthLink. While earthlink gave me the introductory rate, TWC who services the account, was unable or unwilling to honor it. I think I have spoken by now to 21 representatives, spend a good 5 hours on the phone, lost Internet three times because TWC turned it off; and still got overcharged by $40. They say they have it fixed now. I am not holding my breath here.
1	I wish there were zero stars. I had TWC for several years and they were always a pain. Internet service was shoddy, they throttle speed,  they bully you into cable subscriptions to keep themselves relevant, and they just gave us a $125 unreturned equipment fee for equipment that I did in fact return. They have odd hours,  and if you move you have to physically bring the box to their office. And guess what?  No after hours drop box,  so your only option is to take time out of your work day. AT&T is much better. Avoid TWC like the plague. They'll never stop nickel and diming you.
1	After taking three afternoons off work to wait for technicians that never showed up, my internet was finally installed, at which point I was informed that even though I ordered wireless, wireless isn't available unless you pay an extra $11 monthly fee for the router. The technician (a very nice guy) advised me to purchase my own router, which I did. When I called Time Warner to register the IP, I was informed that there is a separate $7 a month fee to use your own router.  HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE COMPANY. I hope all the CEOs get halitosis and their wives leave them for John Mayer.
1	It is the first time I gave 1-rated review, while I normally gave 4-5 stars regardless of service quality. The worst service came from TWC. Took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done. All they did is to transfer the phone call to another representative after telling me "I can't do this, I can't do that". Worst service ever!
1	The drop off process for returning your cable box is ridiculous. It's as tedious as waiting at the DMV. I don't understand why Time Warner can't pick up the box, since it's required for someone to come to the house to install it. Or at least have a drop-off box! Or here's another idea- hire more than one employee in a waiting room of 50 people.Step it up Time Warner!!!
1	Prepare for a LONG wait, poor customer service and God forbid you have to use the restroom while you wait 30+ minutes! Unfortunately there is nothing good I can say about TW Cable. Besides the extremely poor customer service when visiting their office, the equipment they offer is outdated, to reach someone in customer service via a phone call, you are definitely going to be dealing with a mess.The best DVR they can offer customers is a model that can only record 2 shows at a time compared to other companies that now have models that can record up to 5 shows at a time. The only reason I am with them is because they are the only provider for my home at the moment and satellite is not an option.
1	Worse customer service ever.When I got up yesterday,  I had no information guide and could not control the volume. After being on the phone with them for SEVERAL hours, and doing everything they told me, I now have no picture, sound or anything. Before I talked to them, I could change channels and had a picture. They say the problem is with the TV, and they will send someone tomorrow, which would have been today.  They SURPRISE, did not show up, I called, the automated line asked was I calling about the account at my number, I said yes, they asked was I calling about my appointment at 3 (I called at 4), I said yes, they transferred me to someone who told me I did not have an appointment, even though the recording had just said I had, I told them I expected a credit, since I have NO service, the TV's now say no signal, before calling yesterday, I had a picture and could change channels.  I pay a lot for this "SERVICE" , say they are coming tomorrow, I told them if that woman had broken my TV's with all she had me do that they WOULD be replacing them, if they cannot get my TV's up and running tomorrow.
1	If you want crappy customer service, avoidance at all costs to FIX a problem that has been questioned for months (we have service cut outs on a daily basis-fyi we're gamers in this household we need good internet that doesn't cut out every day), and high prices...Then choose TWC.TWC reps do NOT READ your reports (we had a report drawn up so we could go to a senior tech). The girl who answered after we waited for 10+ minutes on hold wanted to go over the WHOLE issue with us again when it was already written out in the report had she bothered to read it.If you want better internet, go elsewhere but let me know because I'll come with you!!Step it UP!!
1	BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE, PRETTY MUCH NO CUSTOMER SERVICE I am so tired overpaying and dealing with this company. From messed up bills, service outages to customer service people who just do not care (yes, even hand up). Ready to cancel right after the World Cup!
1	I love how they just sent me a letter to inform me about their price increase while saying I am still enjoying their special promotion.....I have been a customer for the past 7 years, not by choice, since dish and directv are so unreliable during storm season. Their dvr is old and slow compare to its counterparts. Internet connection is unstable. Safe to say, I will be looking at AT&T and Google fiber really soon.
1	The worst place on earth. Lines are ridiculous no matter what time you arrive, customer service is deplorable and there are never enough parking spaces. This place rivals the dmv and social security office, Time Warner is a monopoly in Charlotte so it doesn't have to worry with how it treats it's customers. We normally don't have cable, but we're adding it back for football season. I am spending my day off waiting in this absurd line for a cable box so that my husband can watch the Panthers. If only we could get ESPN on our Apple TV... I can't wait until we can just stream everything
1	What a joke of a company. Absolutely horrible customer service and it infuriates me that I pay these rates for a product/service that continues to experience "outages" and I cant even  watch the channels I want  to.  An absolute horrible company and it upsets me every month that I pay them for "service" because there is not another cable provider in my area.
1	How can TWC even have 1.5 stars? I find it very frustrating that with over thirty people waiting, they have two (and sometimes only one) employee helping customers. There are spaces for five employees.Of course, that would require some interest on the part of TWC in providing any level of customer service. After having their service for nearly two decades, all I can say is that I feel they treat their customers solely as a source of revenue. We aren't customers to be earned. We aren't customers to keep happy. We are people for whom they provide below minimum service and in exchange we are given the privilege of paying them too much money.Like others, when Charlotte gets Google Fiber, I will leave TWC and never look back.
1	Hahaha....I don't even know what type of review to write. Let me start off by saying I've had TW for about 4 months and cancelled my services TODAY! (And it felt awesome) I now have AT&T U-verse :) I almost never write reviews but today I will. Customer Service: sucks! I waited and waited and waited and waited....before I actually was able to talk to someone who could assist me with ONE of my problems.Bills: I recieved a $400+ bill before (and I only have one tv in my small studio apartment) needless to say my soul left my body for 10 seconds when I saw the bill...I'm a struggling law student, you best believe I called up customer service and "acted a damn fool." After praying to God for cussing the representatives and having my bill reduced all was well....and then....Crisis number 2 happened. Two months later I recieved another high bill of $300 plus dollars...I had enough....Needless to say I am currently packing up TW equipment and ready to drop it off tomorrow....
