4	A solid sandwich.. Agree the order process needs tweaking but some nice smartphone integration including order through payment could be huge. Gives Capriottis a run for its money.. I will be back
4	Went there over lunch hour and the place was a circus. Place was high energy level and busy which was kind of neat cause it made you feel like you were in a bigger city where everything is more fast paced. The works get a 5 rating they were very friendly. If you come in during lunch hour, forget about dining in though. Very few tables and people waiting for to go orders will be all over you. Food was good. Lots of options and variety compared to the stand sub shops.
5	Which Wich is probably my favorite lunch spot. The sandwich components are all super fresh and tasty, and you can make it EXACTLY as you wish.  I get the same thing every time because I love it so much... tomato avocado, although there are a ton of other options.  They have a good selection of vegetarian sandwiches that are more than just a pile of lettuce on a piece of bread. Their cookies and house chips are awesome too! Which Wich gets busy during the lunch hour but the quality is worth the wait. Best sandwiches in town!
4	This is tough since compition in this area is fierce when coming to sandwich shops.  I liked this place, love the selection of sandwiches and all that you can do for them.  The ordering system is at first confusing but once you get it, it is easy.  The shakes are great, amazing and something that takes things up a notch.
4	I first tried these sandwiches several months back. Since then have returned several times to try different ones and to bring family members with me. I agree with some of the reviews - the ordering process can be a bit confusing - but its not that bad - and lets you customize your sandwich which is great. I can be a bit repetitive when you pay, but I'm ok with that. It does take a bit longer to get your sub, the first time I went I didn't allow enough time before my appointment and ended up taking the sandwich with me. The best part is - the taste. SO yummy. Probably my favorite sandwich place in town. The bread is delicious and I've tried 3-4 different subs and they've all been pretty damn good. Get a free cookie when you return if you fill out their survey online. Cookie is warm and super gooey good.I'd give it 5 stars but my two complaints is that its too far from where I work and live - and the place is a bit small and can be crowded while you wait for your sub. But that's because they are so good.
3	Which Wich offers up a neat little concept where you pick your sandwich bag, label what you want on it with a Sharpie, and hand it over to the clerk to have it made as you pay. It's a lot slower (and better) than Subway; slower (and not as good) as Capriotti's; slower  (and slightly better) than Cousins; much faster than (and about the same as) Firehouse. I like that that you can "skinny" your 'wich (less bread) and add a multitude of condiments and myriad meats, cheeses and veggies. That you complete your order using the sandwich bag means you can create a complicated masterpiece that, in theory, won't get lost in translation. The sandwich-makers read the bag, make your 'wich and place it on the counter as they call your name when it's ready. So simple, yet a unique way to deliver a sammie. I like it.
3	The order process is slow and quirky ...Where's the beef? I ordered the Cuban it tasted pretty good but really light on the meat.
4	Very friendly service, very pro-active! They were fast and asked questions to make my Wich the best tasting instead of just how I ordered it. (I almost put mayo and mustard on a French dip. That woulda been super weird. I was totally not thinking! Too used to ordering regular sandwiches.) The Wich was skinny looking but was very filling. Overall, I would definetly come back!
4	This place can turn any of their sandwiches in a lettuce wrapped sandwich.  I've tried and love their BBQ pork and slaw, crab and artichoke, gyros, and muffaletta.  I've like them all, plus this crew is very energetic and fun.
4	I'm a big fan of Which Wich, so I was excited to find one in Madison. I think the concept is fun and the food is usually quite delicious. With so many options, everyone is bound to find something they like. They keep a lot of other aspects about the restaurant fun too, like the names they give their sandwiches.Another attraction: they cater to vegetarian, gluten free, dairy free, you name it! In addition to many veggie options, they also have a lettuce-wich, canceling out the bread.Last visit, I got the hummus-wich, with some pesto and olive salad added. It was great! Side note: even the medium size is actually big enough for two meals. I am scared to order the large.One thing I think they could improve on: clearer instructions for how to fill out your order and the order in which you're supposed to do it. Since the concept is quite different from other sandwich chains, it would be nice it there was a 1-2-3 diagram outlining what to do.Cheers Which Wich, I'll be back soon!
4	Was in town for meetings and needed a quick option for lunch. This is a great concept and it allowed me to build my own sandwich from a list of options. I will be back to this one for sure. The employees were very friendly.
3	I have been excitedly waiting to try these sandwiches!  And sadly, I was disappointed.  This is a regular sandwich place.  Nothing special.  I do love the clever name!The ingredients are fresh and you can really make your sandwich your own.  You walk in and grab a paper bag according to what meat you want.  You pick your sandwich options, toppings and I appreciate that the bags even point out the extra charges.  I saw a girl picking up four sandwiches and we were chatting.  She grabs bags for co-workers on her way out because everyone can make their order at work right on the bag.  She brings in the bags and their orders are perfect.  The bags are used to put the sandwiches in.  Therefore, there is no gross unwrapping of everyone's sandwich to find out which is yours.  The staff was friendly and the wait was reasonable.  Your sandwich is made fresh for you.  I had the Turkey Club (cold).  I really liked the bacon on it.  It was crisp without being too crunchy.  There was no additional cost.  It was the same price as a standard turkey sandwich of the same size.  I felt like I did a little back room deal because I did not pay extra for my bacon.  They also have spicy mayo!  Here is a little warning, it is mayo with hot sauce swirled in.  I am glad I asked because for some reason I was expecting something a little different.  I went in during the lunch rush (12:30pm).  From the time of purchase to the time of pick-up, it was only about 6 minutes.  Impressive.  Not sure how long a hotwich would take.  I would definitely go back if I am looking for a sub to eat.  Fresh, simple and decent value.
4	My boyfriend and I went there as we were in the area and neither of us had been there before. It was super busy, but we still had someone come up to us to ask us if we needed help, since the ordering there is fun and different! The wait wasn't long, and the sandwiches were really good! They may have been slightly overpriced though. However if you go, get a chocolate chip cookie. They are fresh made and hot, super delicious!
1	Too many choices IS a bad thing! I've been there a few times and I still don't get it. Yes, pick whatever you want, got it. But with so many decisions to make, I don't know if I'm making a good sandwich and messing up a good thing. So many different cards too, plus a separate card for a cookie too, haha. What a waste. Why not laminate it and use erasable markers and reuse the cards?Anyways, my latest visit resulted in food poisoning, which is no claim you ever want to make. But, it was the only thing I ate that day and it hit shortly after I finished the meal (gone about 24 hours later). I've unfortunately had it before, and while it wasn't as extreme. I will not be returning EVER again. If you don't heed my warning, then make sure you avoid the French Dip. I think it was the meat, my friends say it has to be the au ju dipping sauce. Either way, consider me out!
2	Oh, Which Wich. I want so badly to love you.  You have a sandwich called "The Elvis" that includes peanut butter, banana, honey, and bacon - that alone should rocket you to a top spot in my heart. Alas...time and time again you fail me!!!I cannot even count anymore how many issues we have had with Which Wich! There have been numerous sandwiches that have been made incorrectly (which is odd because it very clearly states on the bag exactly what we ordered!), it takes an exorbitant amount of time to make these sandwiches, and they are not cheap!! The last time I went, I called ahead, knowing it takes FOREVER to get your order. I arrived 12 minutes later to discover they hadn't even begun making my sandwiches yet - and it was not busy. The bananas for The Elvis were not ripe, so they offered to substitute jelly - I expected a plain PB&J (this was for my kids), but instead we got PBJ&H - because they kept the honey. One might think that honey would be good on a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, but then one would be mistaken. It was awful. Nobody would eat it. The one saving grace of Which Wich is that when they screw things up - they give you a free sandwich.  I've gotten four free sandwiches.  I appreciate that - I just wish they could be correct the first time!!
4	I had been meaning to try Which Wich since they built it, but it just never happened.  I had heard good/interesting things, and it was finally time to ring that bell.  So, over lunch, I headed there with a buddy to try it out.The first thing that hit me was the selection.  There is a LOT to choose from.  Someone came out to help us through the process (figure out what you want, grab that bag, then mark the toppings, etc.).  After that, there was no pressure - take your time and figure it out.I went with the Italian grinder - a pretty standard sandwich to set the benchmark.  I was pretty conservative with the toppings as I didn't want anything to overpower the overall flavor of the italian meats.  I went with onion (not often I do that), pickles and cole slaw.  Cole slaw on a sandwich sounds like overdoing it, but it's OH SO good!I have to say the sandwich was pretty good.  Best ever?  Probably not, but it was much more flavorful than run-of-the-mill sandwich shops (I'm looking at you, Subway).  The meat portion was good.  Not New York deli portions, but you don't see that often around here.  The 7" sub and a large soda was plenty for a sizable guy like me.  I can't imagine going with "large" (14 inches) for a single meal.  The "medium" was 10", but that would leave me in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon...The prices seemed to be a tad steep.  A 7" sub was $5.50 (14" sub was $11 - no deal for ordering more, apparently).  Throw on a soda and you're pushing $8 for a sandwich and drink.  Add chips and you're getting some coins back from your $10 bill.  If you're looking to fill up with large amounts of food for little money, stick with the $5 footlongs from Subway.  If you're in for quality and the proper amount of food for one meal - and you don't mind spending the money - this is a great place to explore.  I look forward to trying more options in the future!  Next sandwich will be the corned beef with cole slaw... that sounds amazing!
4	I've been going to the Which Wich on Deming Way for roughly a year now, and I have to say they single-handedly changed my view on sandwiches.  That's saying a lot.Personally, I'm not a sub guy.  I'm also not a sandwich guy.  But this place gets a lot of things right, and does things differently than other sub shops, so if you haven't been it's absolutely worth a visit.The biggest issue for me that sub places have such as Subway or Cousins, is that they don't give you much in the way of choices, everything is pre-planned for the most part.  The other issue I have with them is that they don't use terribly well prepared or fresh ingredients.  Which wich solves both of these problems.When you go in, there are a wall of bags and sharpie markers.  You pick the "category" of sub you want, of which they have pretty much everything you could ever possibly eat on a sandwich.  You then grab a sharpie and start filling out all the additions you want.  It's basically the "Newegg" or "Legos" of sub shops.  If you are a picky eater, there's no excuse here.  You will find something.  I practically eat a different sub everytime, yet at other sub shops I have a really hard time finding even one choice I like.The meat is prepared better.  I don't know if it's fresher, or if it's that they have better cuts or practices than the way the other shops prepare their food.  But unlike Subway where your chicken looks like it was cooked, frozen, then reheated into a rubbery blob, you get finely shredded deliciousness at Which Wich.  They have a huge smorgasbord of toppings, sauces, and add-ons.  You honestly can't go wrong here.Prices are elevated over the typical sandwhich shop.  Their sizes are small (7"), medium (10") and large (13") with the range being something like $7-10.  Don't quote me on those numbers, but it's fairly close.  So yes, they are more expensive by a few bucks than the other chains, but the level of quality is so much better in my opinion that I'm willing to spend that minor difference any day of the week.  I'm not saying it's the best sandwich ever created on earth, but for a chain sub shop, this is the best I've had.Customer service has been pleasant every time I've been in there.  I'm always greeted warmly and they are prompt at filling orders, even when busy.  No qualms there.My only small knocks are that this is just a sub shop after all, and it's pretty popular so it can be a zoo in there at times.  They also don't have much at all in the way of sides, other than some chips and their custom shakes.  There's nothing to write home about there, but they are still tasty.Normally I wouldn't review a sub shop, but Which Wich is something different and this was overdue.  Make a visit today
1	People behind the counter are so busy watching football that they forgot things that should go in my sandwich, didn't give house chips when asked they gave them with a rude look. Would not prefer this place again.
5	I was amazed by this place for two reasons. The first was the efficiency. I walked in in the middle of lunch hour on a Friday and the place was completely packed to the brim. I went though their fairly odd ordering system (involving choosing a paper bag with a certain number on it and then marking the bag with ingredient choices), paid and then waited. The sandwiches were flying off the assembly line, and within 5 minutes they must have gone through 20-30 subs. I was blown away-- I had figured I would be waiting for 30 minutes at least, and they easily got my sandwich made in under 10 minutes.The other amazing piece was the quality of the sandwich. Granted, I paid for it (over $10 for a medium sandwich), but the vegetarian black bean patty was phenomenal. Lots of ingredients, no stinginess, and everything very fresh. And it was a ton of food. I think I have a new favorite sandwich shop in town.
