1	I've read the Yelp reviews of Ichi Ban, so I was hesitant to say "yes" when some friends invited me and my girlfriend.  The inviting friend keeps telling me how much he loves the place, so I decided to give it a fair shot.  First impression: the place was dead (Sunday around 6PM).  We were seated quickly, and drink orders taken. Twice. [no big deal.. at least they're on top of things.]  Drinks arrived quickly and we opted to wait for our friends before ordering.  Our friends (two other couples) arrived a few minutes later, and their drink orders were taken promptly.. twice. [okay, maybe they need to communicate better within their staff..]  When ready, we all placed our orders at the same time.We ordered the teppan teriyaki chicken, a rattlesnake roll, and a volcano roll.  The friends who invited us ordered the same sushi, along with another roll; no teppan.  The other friends ordered different sushi, no teppan.  We were served soup (they had miso, i had chicken; somewhat bland and salty), and I had a small salad (nothing special, but the sauce was tasty).  A short while later, the chef arrived, and began preparing fried rice for the fourth couple who was seated at our table.  He then moved on to vegetables and our chicken.  We never got the steamed rice we had asked for in place of the fried rice.  A few minutes after we had finished the chicken, our sushi was served, along with the sushi one of the other couples' sushi.  The friends who invited us still had not gotten any food, and they had ordered nearly the same sushi as we did.  It was another ten minutes before they got theirs!The chicken was tasty, although slightly overcooked.  The sushi was simply unacceptable.  The volcano roll was greasy and badly overcooked; the rattlesnake was flavorless and squishy, not to mention cold.  After trying one piece of each, we sent the sushi back.  At roughly $10 per roll, I expect to at least be able to taste what I'm eating.Cons: Grill is typical teppan and overpriced for the amount of food served.  Sushi is garbage.Pros: Drinks were always full. We were only charged for my girlfriend's Diet Coke.
4	This is a good place for a group of friends to enjoy some good sushi with a fun little show if you feel like some teppanyaki. I have ate here around 7-8 and the sushi is always good, the saki bombs w/ kirin or sapporo hits the spot. You can be a little loud without having to worry about being jerks and the stir fry is tasty. While my favorite sushi is actually a chain called Yogi's(eel is epic) it does not really invite you to dine in with it's cafeteria seating so this place is my choice if I want to dine in. I haven't ventured too far on sushi trials but this place has better sushi than the following in my opinion.HanaSushi 101StingraysRAIchi Ban Japanese Restaurant & Sushi on Central and thomas(nothing alike)Service 5/5 always friendly and promptfood 3/5 sometimes its great sometimes its ok so it all dependssushi 4/5 rock solid and they have deals for half off if you order five so its a real bargain.drinks 4/5 nice sake and beer but the mixed drinks are just okDownside it they open only at night so I rarely get a chance to drive out to Mesa on a weekend as I run around much earlier most weekends.
1	Only God knows how this place is still in business....the food is over priced and smells like an old folks home...the menus are on their last leg and out of date....Not to mention the fact that they are trying I save a few bucks by keeping the A/C off so it's hot as balls in the place....service treats you like your the first customer they have had in a few months. and last but surely not least....their "HAPPY HOUR" is a joke!!! There are no drinks on special and the food...well the only food on the happy hour menu is the sushi! And you only get the happy hour deal for HALF PRICE SUSHI.......IF....you order at least 5 items off the sushi menu.....save your time and your money....there are plenty of other places that will be better! The most exciting part of our visit (we ordered drinks and left) was the cardboard cut out sumo wrestler.
