5	Where to start! Saw it just opened, and I love sweets! My coworker and I walked over to check it out and tried a bunch of things, and I must say, bravo! Ill be a frequent flyer here. Try their banana bread cupcakes. I only.know one person who makes baked goods this well, and thats my momma back in chicago. these guys have great service and a welcoming little store. Ill be back for sure. :)
4	Since I was near by...thought I'd drop by this decorative shop full of Sweetz! :) We bought 2 chocolate chip cookies and an Oatmeal crisp.  The chocolate chip cookies were a bit of a disappointment as they were a bit too cake-like/spongy (too much eggs in them).  The chocolate chips were tasty and not overly sweet.  The batter was good as well, unfortunately...I like my cookies a bit more...firm.  I'm not much of an Oatmeal cookie kinda girl but I couldn't pass up the oatmeal crisp.  Just as the lady behind the counter stated, it was one of their best treats and I couldn't agree with more.  They had an array of samples out.  Good for customer service, good for business. Will be coming back to this great little shop. :) Starbucks next door, watch out!TK
5	I work a couple of doors down and find my self spending 40 dollars worth of sweets twice a week... that should be enough said since I don't really have a sweet tooth. They have a great selection that changes daily. The only complaint I have is that their turtles are so fresh that I have to peel them from the parlament paper when I get home... hopefully I'll live.
3	I love the people that work there. They are not as good or have the selection of Layers, Freeds, maybe even  dainty cakes but what they do, they do well. They have some top notch cookies and gourmet-esque cup cake/muffins.
4	My name is David and I am addicted to sweets. I started my day with a trip to Crepe Shack and still stopped at Sweet Ruby Jane to look at their selection of desserts.For a long time I thought that the Southeast was falling behind to Summerlin, but not any more. The growth of unique, affordable, and fun eateries has made it so that I rarely venture up north anymore. SRJ offers many delectable treats for a reasonable price. Before committing to anything, they offer tastings of the day. The macadamia white fudge is magnificent. They were not pieces of the nut, but actual whole ones mixed into the confection. Since I had eaten my amount of sweets for the day, I had picked up a piece of pumpkin cake ($2.25) and a package of peanut butter cookies ($3) for my parents. I took a bite of the cake while sitting with my mom and it was moist, had the signature taste of fall, and not sickeningly sweet. The cookies were on sale since they were not made that day. A pack of four large cookies were only $3. I felt them and they were still soft. They were doing a test run on seasoned roast nuts. The curry one was nice, but needed more spice. The lady behind the counter was very receptive about suggestions. Nice to see people wanting an honest opinion instead of asking and turning a deaf ear.
4	People who are too sweet irritate me but Ruby Jane is as sweet as you can get and I'm not irritated yet. One visit is all it takes to keep you wanting to come back.First of all their sign is so eye catching from the road and the size of the sign makes it easy to spot. Right when you walk in you are instantly drawn to the many varities of chocolate everythings....The Smores with caramel is freakin awsome as well as those Oatmeal Crispies. I was hestitant to eat an Oatmeal Crispie as I only enjoy chewy cookies and it says it's crisp. The lady behind the counter told me that's it's crisp around the edges but chewy inside and boy was she right. You can taste all the butter- trust me this cookie is a winner. Another winner for me was the Chocolate Crinkle cookie - tastes just like a dark chocolate brownie.There were lots of festive Halloween goodies to be had. I bought a rice krispie dipped in chocolate on a stick and a large marshmallow dipped in white and dark chocolate on a stick with eyes for my kid. She equally loved both of them.My sister loved her turtle....A miss for me was what seemed like a saltine cracker dipped in chocolate. I bought it because it said that is was a salty/sweet treat and I like salty/sweet but this didn't work for me. However, someone else may really like this- there's always something for someone right?....If you sign up to be part of their club every month you get to have a good sized sample of their new item. For October it was Pecan Brittle and the Lady said for December it very well might be Peppermint Bark - so sign up- - it's free!!!!The Lady also let me sample the Pumpkin Fudge - Yummy!!!My mouth is happy that this place is close to home but my bootie isn't - Sweet Ruby Jane is my new habit.......
3	Super cute little sweet shop and bonus it's next to a Starbucks because these treats go great with a coffee! Lots of choices and if you're a chocolate lover prepare your waistline. The chocolate covered grahams were awesome and the toffee (and maybe another ingredient?) brittle was great too. Nothing crazy about the prices, seemed pretty fair. The guy who helped me was nice and seemed happy to have someone stop in. I haven't been back in but it'd be a great place to grab some treats to bring to the family over the holidays!
4	Yum Yum Yum! After eating a healthy meal at Proteins and Greens next store I walked by this little gem( at least I had a healthy lunch haha). I decided just to go inside and take a look at what they were offering and was immediately offered a delicious sample. I tried this delicious nut cluster thing and it was just amazing. I ended up getting an oatmeal crisp and my bf got a slice of the pumpkin cake. The cake was really moist and not overly sweet and the oatmeal cookie was just perfect. I've been back 2 more times since then and everything has been delicious. You've got to check it out if you are in the area. Oh and try the white chocolate peanut butter fudge mmmm!
4	My wife and I stopped in after leaving Vegas for a few days of losing money and seeing good shows.  Ruby Jane was so sweet to us and extremely helpful in explaining each of the chocolates to us.  The pumpkin bread is amazing and actually everything in our box of chocolates was pretty tasty.  Great job!
5	This place has very good chocolate treats.  I love the selection of s'mores pretzels, caramels, and other chocolate goodies.  Most of their items come with either milk or dark chocolate.  And they sell milk to wash it down with.I really like the quality of the chocolate and how helpful the employees were there.  I will be back because this place rocks!
4	Peanut butter blossom cookies are awesome, as are the sugar free chocolate covered pretzels!  Will be back soon!
5	Just as I was trying to stop eating sweets Sweet Ruby Jane moves in next door!  The good news is they make a great selection of sugar free candy!  My favorite is the sugar free chocolate-covered almonds...Awesome!  They make everything fresh there and the cookies are amazing because of that.  That and the owners are very nice people!
5	Another stop (actually, make that 3 stops already, and counting) on my ongoing bakery tour of Las Vegas.I was kind of skeptical of Sweet Ruby Jane's because it seemed like a blatant rip-off of the famous Sweet Lady Jane bakery in LA. It may be that, but I don't care because this Jane has delicious treats. I think I have sampled all of the cookies and they are all good, but the best are the oatmeal (it doesn't even taste like oatmeal! more like a light sugar cookie with an oat-y texture) and the toffee. So good. They are big, thin cookies, so not too doughy, but they are still soft. I also had the chocolate-dipped pretzels (good) and several of the dipped marshmallows (milk chocolate, dark chocolate, caramel, toffee...delicious!). I see reviews for chocolate-covered grahams, so I will definitely be trying those next.The little store is super cute, with outdoor seating (kinda sucks if the weather is hot, cold, or windy) and the owner was very friendly. Also of note were the prices here - $9 for a dozen cookies! In the bakery world, that's pretty reasonable. And I can't remember the exact price, but I think the marshamallows are about $0.50 each.
5	Came here for a tea tasting (they also sell tea from a local proprietor), and found out I love this place!  I am a bit of a chocolate snob, so the first thing I noticed was the white chocolate has a bit of yellow to it- this is good people!  White chocolate that is too white looks that way because more fat and sugar has been added to stretch it, none of those cheap tricks here.  I also like that it's a small family business (owners are sisters, Ruby Jane was their grandmother), which I always feel good supporting.  Alright, enough rambling, onto the chocolate!What I had:White chocolate bark with caramel and toasted coconut.  My favorite item :) and one of the cheaper ones since it didn't have heavy stuff like caramel and peanut butter (most items are priced by weight).Macadamia and cashew caramel nut clusters with dark chocolate?  Well OK, if you twist my arm!  SO yummy, and used whole nuts.White chocolate covered almonds.  Simple and tasty, would get these again.Dark chocolate peanut butter cup, probably my least favorite thing.  It was still good, but not out of this world.Dark chocolate covered caramel.  Excellent caramel, but I like mine topped with a nice sea salt for the sweet/salty flavor combo, and their version didn't have that touch.
5	I AM THAT KID IN THE CANDY STOREAfter eating dinner next door at Greens and Proteins, my friend and I walked by and I did a double take, not realizing Sweet Ruby Jane's was in the same shopping plaza--score!  Two bookmarked places in one night!  Alas, it was 6:20pm and before we could get inside, one of the ladies was already locking the door--closing time was 6:00pm!  As we stood peeking through the windows at the goodies inside, the kind lady had pity on us and unlocked the door-- talk about sweet customer service!  Because I then felt pressure to hurry and up and not delay their closing for the night, I didn't get a good look at everything Sweet Ruby Jane's had to offer, but what I did see  was delectable.  Chocolate-covered strawberries, pretzels, cake pops, chocolate-covered Almond Rocha (my favorite candy!), peanut brittle, and more.  We chose a few of the pretzels, a cake pop, and a brownie pop--for a sugar addict like me, that's nothing.  I highly recommend this place for its freshly made sweets and the outstanding customer service--you know I'll be back, giving myself plenty of time to browse the selection and spend more on the sugar.
5	I love this place.  So many options ranging from baked treats to chocolates and even ice cream sandwhiches.  I have been here before and got some baked goods which I don't recall what they were but they were great.  Today I stopped in and got some sugar free chocolate candy which was great and I also got an ice pop made with fruit to have for later.  This is a great place for when you have a sweet tooth or even a place to get sweet gifts for somebody.
4	I didn't know much about Sweet Ruby Jane Confections, before walking in the door. It's right next to Starbucks and has really cute Vintage Style signage and colors, so I decided to take the kids inside for a treat before getting coffee at Starbucks. It has a small storefront, which is fine for a candy store. Let me say, that I was expecting it to be more of a candy store, it really seemed to have more Chocolatey treats. No complaints from the kids about that though. We were greeted by friendly counter staff, offered several samplings for free, and finally my kids decided on a marshmallow, chocolate covered treat on a stick. They were about $2 each, tasted fine and the kids liked them. Not sure if it was the right selection for $2 a piece though. They have a birthday club, where you sign up and get free stuff on your birthday. I need to go back to sign up. The friendly lady behind the counter also told us that they do birthday parties for kids, where they made some sort of treat. I'm definitely going to check this out when birthday time rolls around again. It sounds like it would be a lot of fun for kids.
5	After picking my son up late from pre-school/daycare he asked for a "cake-pop" and happy to oblige I headed toward Starbucks. We turned in to the drive through and like a beacon in the night I saw the back door of Sweet Ruby Janes touting "cake-pops". I'd been intrigued before and this was my chance. To my surprise they were giving away free anniversary cake pops, which was fab-u-lous. So Gibson chose a red velvet cake pop and I went to the tea wall. What a pleasant surprise, I picked out a Sunny Passion tea, got a chocolate nut bar for Patrick and let Gibson pick out a couple more pieces; a raspberry butterfly sucker and a white chocolate covered Oreo.   Oh, and thanks to the kind saleswoman I got a cake pop too!I didn't even make it to the freezer for the icy treats, which is my soft spot.  I'll be back to check it out.  And the decor . . . is adorable. Just the shop you want to pick out delicious candies and teas from. By the way, everything was delicious.  Choco covered Oreo was unbelievable, it had such a nice thick coating of white chocolate.  The fact that I was tardy was completely forgotten!
5	What a cute shop!! Not to mention, they have a little bit of everything. We couldn't resist a trip in after breakfast at the neighboring Sunrise Cafe. There were loads of seasonal treats to choose from. We picked up some cute rice krispie treat ghosts for a little gift. They came in a cute bag too! I indulged in a delightful, chewy, cookie. Only $1. Yum. They had suckers, chocolates, ice cream, cookies, cake pops and more. I would highly recommend it for a bday or hostess gift or holiday treat for your favorite bambino. Stop in and splurge.
5	A great local confectioner. I love the chocolate covered peanut brittle and the chocolate covered caramel corn. I love that everything is named after family and friends.
5	I stumbled upon this place when my wife called for emergency Pho from Saigon 8 (same parking lot.) I had 10 minutes to kill and I was already going to be a victim of pho bloat so I figured I had nothing to lose.The place is charming as hell, everything is blue and appears to be hand made. We got several huge cookies which were extremely reasonably priced, some nut/chocolate combos that were excellent and one exquisite red velvet cookie. Red velvet cookie. It was rad. The cake pops were the only thing I'd call mediocre.Also the bell is loud enough to make you poop your pants. The confectioner who assisted me said it was because the bakery (rear of the shop, rather large) was loud and they had to be able to hear customers.Will return. Better value than expected.
3	Very cute store! Came in here because i thought there would be some cupcakes, but there wasn't any :( Lots of lovely decorated treats behind the counter! The lady who helped me said the chocolate dipped pretzels were the most popular so I picked up one ($1.85). I could see another person in the back with a bag of Snyders pretzels dipping them in chocolate. The pretzel honestly was just Ok, nothing too special. These little treats can definitely be made at home! I might be back if I was in the area or needed a fast gift for someone.
5	Friendly service! Nice layout and presentation. We had a lil of this and that all of it was devine! Chocolate chip cookie-humungo! Soft with slightly crispy edges. Brownie crinkle-also big it was sweet,chocolatey and moist.Sugar free dark chocolate raisin and almond drops-surprisingly tasty!M&M/chocolate covered pretzel-yummyPeanut butter cup-delicious.Over all everything we had was amazing.
3	The confections were very tasty, we had a dark chocolate turtle, a piece of toffee bark, and a birthday cake pop. The young girl helping us wasnt friendly though so the cuteness and welcoming feel to the store was cheapened a bit by her dulness. Great candy though!
4	Super cute shop!  Love the whole look and vibe.  They have a lot of candy and some baked goods.  My son got a few different of the old school candies they had, that was after I talked him out of the starburst...really you want starburst of all things?  I got a red velvet cake pop and some chocolate covered animal crackers.  Both were good.  I wish I would have got some of their chocolates, so I guess that is what I will get next time.  Prices were good and service was friendly.  We didn't see any samples or sign ups for a e-club or birthday club.  Will have to look harder next time or ask.  We will def be back.
4	the cutest little candy shop.  if you love sweets, this is a must go to!
3	This is a really cute shop and the owners are super friendly and helpful. I thought about knocking off another star just because this place NEVER seems to be open when I stop by. They need to be open and have better hours! The last 5 times (no, SERIOUSLY), that I've stopped by the store it has been shut down. Such a bummer. The candy is good with some interesting treats. I go for the sugar free and no sugar added lower in carbs candy. It's pretty tasty and makes a nice treat with less guilt. I also agree with some of the other reviewers, it would be nice if there were more homemade goodies, not just bagged, processed junk dipped in chocolate. I could make the same thing at home with little effort.
4	You must try the honeycomb! I've never tried anything like it and love that my roommate introduced me to it. I went to grab a bag as a thank you for a friend yesterday and it is definitely a fun treat to share with others.
5	note - as of this writing address listed on Yelp is still the old location. New location address is  9550 S. Eastern #110. Already submitted change on 9/7.New location, same sweet super cute place. They're all moved into their new home over at Sansone Park Place. Sweet Ruby Janes still the same sweet shop that specializes in homemade candies and sweet treats like cake pops and cookies.At a Yelp event they attended (Rock N Roll KissMas) I met the owners when they had cake pops and learned all the treats made in their shop are recipes handed down by the owners grandma.My (and Mr. B's) favorite confections gotta be their butter toffees. Especially the toffee chip cookies. Their toffee brittle is smooth,shiny and tastes so buttery. You dont have to bite too hard to break off a piece.  You will also find oreo, pretzels and TWINKIES dipped in CHOCOLATE!. I like that they are individually wrapped with cute packaging and make fun little surprise gifts for those "just cause" occasions. Now that they're in the strip mall with some of the restaurants I frequent (Cafe Zupas) I'll pop in more when I need to get cookies at their happy hour...and who knows I might even share them with ya!
