4	This place provided sustenance for the four of my five years in college at Carnegie Mellon. A meal used to be four bucks for the longest time, while all the other food trucks next to it raised it up to $4.50 at one point, making this place a really good choice. They claim they use no MSGs, but judging by their shadiness of the truck itself and the white men who worked there, who knows what actually goes into the food. Whatever, I didn't care at all back then, I was grateful that I could walk out from my dorm and two minutes later have hot Indian food in my hands. They give you enough rice, Tamarind chicken and one side dish that will fill you up. You can also opt for vegetarian and just pick the sides they have as the entree too. One real downer is that their naan is pretty crappy: it tastes pretty much like frozen-pak gyro pocket breads.
4	This is actually an outpost of Sree's restaurant in Squirrel Hill.Despite the somewhat low-rent appearance of the trailer, the food is actually really good. I would generally recommend the veg lunch, but only because those dishes are delicious. If you need meat they also have pretty good chicken, even though it's all white meat. My only complaint is their chutney (but that's because I happen to really like mango chutney). And yes, the bread truly sucks (fortunately there's more than enough.food as it is).Sree did have a a white guy serving up food at some point, but so what? I don't see why you need to be an ethnic to serve ethnic food. In any case, I'm pretty sure he wasn't the cook. The last time I was there it was a nice Indian lady, short enough to fit into the trailer.All in all, I've found this to be really nice place to get decent South Indian food, not that far off from what you might find on the sub-continent, and not the fancy stuff you end up with in a restaurant in this area.Check it out.
3	not that great! smoky rotis really don't go well with the sabzi they served. also the mango lassi was almost as thin as a shake. not my first choice for lunch
