4	This seems to be a popular hotel - always people in the lobby hanging out. Our room was clean and we had all the necessities for the weekend. They have newspapers in the lobby for free and breakfast is $5.95. The workout room is small but enough to give you a needed workout. Plenty of parking and on the main road. Easy to hop on the freeway when needed.
3	The staff was very friendly and my room was clean. Unfortunately, my bed was a bit rough and the AC was very loud and was turning on and off. Pricing wasn't cheap but despite a few flaws, it was a comfortable stay.
4	Stayed here for two nights for a weekend trip, we checked in extremely late and the staff was super friendly. The room was very clean, the extra towels I requested were put on the door in the morning and every employee I encountered was extremely friendly and pleasant. Checking in and out was a breeze and I would recommend this hotel for anyone who needs a place to stay for a few nights.
4	This is not your high priced luxury hotel. But you get more than your money's worth!  Damsal was very welcoming. Dominic was a great teacher and also welcoming. We got an upgrade, thank you very much!  Being disabled, it's helpful to get the grab bars in the tub. Little things go a long way. I would recommend to ask for a back room. We got a front room and the road is nearby. Not the hotel's fault. Just the way it is. If traffic sounds make you feel at home, go for a front room. They served Margueritas at 5 today. Lovely. I met up with my sister and had a very nice time. Do not let Angela, I think her name was, give you directions. She sent us the wrong way!  Dominic had been very helpful printing out directions to the restaurant we had originally chosen. We changed our minds and stopped to get new directions. Not good to be given wrong directions. The rest of the experience was fantastic.
5	I stay in hotels all the time for business (mostly Courtyard by Marriotts), but the Matthews, NC location blew me away with their hospitality.  Not the fanciest, hasn't been renovated in the new style, not a great location for someone who wants to walk to food and attractions.  But every staff member that I interacted with was truly kind and accomodating, and that goes a long way when you're on the road all the time.
2	I've been a Marriott member for years. I wanted a hotel near my father-in-laws house for Thanksgiving. The hotel staff is pleasant, but the facility is run down. There are torn, frayed, and stained carpets in the hallways. The ice machines, I kid you not sound like jet engines. The elevator has a level of grime going around the base of the walls. And the worst is this horrid funky, damp smell in the corridors on the first and second floor.
