4	When my wife made this reservation, I cringed!! I have this kinda' wierd thing where I don't like to make reservations at motels/ suites, business hotels..you know what I mean! I like a drive by to make sure that they're not converted motor courts from the 50's and that they're kept in some resemblance of "cared for". We needed a night in Phoenix, near Sky Harbor Airport, and to my wife (who is usually more particular than I) thought that  this place fit the bill. This was my first experience with Springhill Suites. The location of this particular place is more attuned to business stay instead of leisure, as it was kinda' in a business park. There wasn't too much around it. BUT.. that was the only not so great part!! It was safe, clean everything worked in  the room, which was attractive, it didn't smell funky and considering it's location near the airport, it was pretty quiet!! The room was a small suite, as they all are, the TV worked perfectly (it was a traditional, not flat screen) the high speed internet was the plug in type, and it worked very well  I know this sounds like I'm grasping for things to write about, but in reality, it's not.. I can think of too many times when free internet either did not work, wasn't free, or was like using an old 14,500 baud modem! The bed was extremely comfortable, the bathroom was clean and the shower had great pressure! Pretty darn good!!!They offer the typical free breakfast, we did not partake as I was jonseing a big plate of Huevos Rancheros, but we did have coffee, which was good, obviously from a clean pot, and the stuff that was out actually looked a lot better than most places.All in all, I will have absolutely no hesitation staying at another Springhill if this is representative of the quality control that they excercise! The next morning, we went on to catch some Cactus League action and on to Sedona...
4	I am a Marriot girl, so I love most of their properties because you know what you are going to get.  The Springhill Suites by Marriott in general are more upscale than Fairfield Inn by Marriott, but not as sweet as the full line Marriott.What I loved about the hotel is that they offered complementary shuttle to and from the airport which is just a few minutes away.  You simply call and they send a shuttle to promptly pick you up!The shuttle driver will also take you to local spots like the Mill St, not to be confused with the Mills Shopping Center, the zoo or the Tempe "beach", at no cost to you!  This is a bargain since the shuttle costs between $16 and $25 for a one way trip.  If you have a car rental, they provide free parking.  The hotel is new, the rooms are done in a "simple elegant" decor.  There is an outdoor pool, whirlpool and exercise room for the business traveller.  They do not offer free wii-fi in the rooms, however.  You are chained to the ethernet at the desk.  The science center is within walking distance.  They offer complimentary breakfast in the morning, and a fully stocked pantry with drinks, snacks and even ice cream that you may charge to your room.Rooms come with fridge and microwave (yeah - left overs)!  And, it was a great price especially with my AAA discount!I would stay here again if I was here on business but not on vacation - not a lot of sightseeing to do on foot - and you are at the mercy of the shuttle driver's schedule!
3	Good value for $110 if you have three people to a room. It was pretty clean but appeared old since the last remodel. Close to airport so you'll hear planes takeoff every few mins in the early morning hours. Beds are decently comfortable but the pillows are too mushy for my liking. The free breakfast isn't that great - really salty eggs and sausage, oatmeal was tasteless, I ate a banana and had coffee. One highlight was they had a water cooler in lobby to refill your water bottle for the day so you didn't have to buy bottled water.
4	I called while on the road to let them know that I would be checking in late- very late- and when I arrived the desk person had waited up for me.  I expected to pay for 2 days and nights but was only charged for one night as I had arrived late on the first.. The staff are the best! I'll definitely be back.
3	I was fortunate enough to have an employee hookup and got a major discount. However, this room is nowhere near worth its retail value. That being said, this Marriott has some pros:- hot continental breakfast: not the greatest food in the world, but a decent variety including cereals, yogurt, waffle maker, fruit, bread, bagels, pastries, and hot items like eggs, sausage, etc. - free wifi: always a plus in a hotel, although we may have lucked out being on the second floor and being able to connect. I'm not sure if the connection reaches upper floors. - swimming pool, jacuzzi and gym: unfortunately, we didn't get to use any of the above but it was a nice optionWhy was I not impressed? - The room itself is very awkwardly shaped. It is long and disconnected and made it hard to make the most of the space. don't get me wrong, it is spacious.- Our sheets had a mysterious stain and when we asked for a replacement, they opted to give us an extra sheet set. Maybe something was lost in translation there. The main reason for the 3 stars is the fact that these rooms are much much overpriced.
3	Also a Marriott girl, and this Springhill did the job. It's close to downtown Tempe where there are abundant restaurants and shops, and is also very close to the airport. Pretty standard with a free breakfast, nice rooms, and attentive staff.
4	What a pleasant stay we had here at the Springhill Suites.  We passed through Tempe on a road trip to Texas and needed a place to crash.  We were able to get 2 rooms for 10 people and we fit just fine.  Each room had 2 queen beds, one sofa bed, two TVs, a little fridge and kitchen area.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating.  We were traveling with my grandparents and were able to get the senior rate which was awesome.  There was also an included continental breakfast which consisted of waffles, omelette's, hard boiled eggs, sausage, Canadian bacon, cereals, oatmeal, yogurts, bagels, etc etc.  Not every item was available each day as they rotate the breakfast offerings.  There was also free Wi-Fi but it was incredibly slow and a pair of computers in the lobby to use.  The gym is open 24 hours and has some nice machines.  We took advantage of the pool to escape the heat and it was great.   The one thing that was lacking was a little gift shop or somewhere to buy snacks and trinkets.  The hotel has a small fridge filled with sodas and candy bars that you can buy, but that is about it.  It didn't really matter since we just went to the gas station and bought some beer and whatever else we wanted. We would definitely come back again.  Oh and I forgot to mention, but check out time is at noon so you have plenty of time to sleep in.
4	Traveling for work, I opted to stay at this Springhill Suites due to its proximity to our client's office. Even though I knew it was in the flight path of Sky Harbor Airport, it's in the perfect location to get to ASU, the 202 freeway, and all the major Tempe and Scottsdale attractions very quickly.The property is in very good shape considering its consistently high occupancy rate.  When ASU starts the new school year, this place gets packed in a hurry.  (One great part about booking here is the franchisee's of this Springhill property also run the Fairfield Inn by the airport, so they can usually accommodate you in case of overbooking.)  The common areas, both interior and exterior, are clean, brightly lit, and looking well-kept.  Parking can be an issue, but the lots are well-lit and there are some overflow areas where you can safely leave your vehicle.The front desk staff at this property is EXCELLENT. Maria was particularly helpful, as I was able to check in early and get settled in prior to an early afternoon meeting, and I had room key in-hand less than 2 minutes after I arrived at Reception.  All my requests were met with a smile and a "yes", so I was a pretty happy camper.Unfortunately, after checking in and making my way to the room, there was an odor in the hallway of the 6th floor that smelled of a backed-up sewer line or an unclean grey-water pool.  (It could be the ice machine floor drain needs a good cleaning or the trap cleaned out, or that an unused guest room has plumbing issues.)  I also received a room that had not been properly run "through the checklist", as the shower wasn't properly cleaned (errant hairs, dried toothpaste on shower walls), the toilet wasn't flushed from last use (um, gross), and the carpet had little bits of white stuff all over. Additionally, the switch knob for the ceiling fan was missing, and the mini-fridge was missing a foot, causing havoc when opening.  Maintenance was alerted, and they addressed the repairs right away, but I elected to withhold my housekeeping issues until the hotel GM was in the next day, since they didn't require immediate attention.  Meeting the next day with Kim Bresee, hotel General Manager, my concerns and feedback were met with great concern, and an honest appreciation for my impressions as a guest.  Her attitude made a very positive impact on my overall view of this hotel, and my stay.  Her assurance of addressing my experience directly with her housekeeping staff immediately was appreciated.  I sure do appreciate it when someone acts right away to resolve an issue.Checkout was smooth, and the handy Marketplace by the front desk was great for buying last-minute bottled water & tea for the road.Bottom line: I would recommend this hotel to others without hesitation, and would stay here again myself. - Cheers (Yay!):  Maintenance staff, Front Desk staff, hotel GM, common area cleanliness, location, comfort, amenities - Jeers (Boo!):  Housekeeping, parking
3	We choose Springhill because we needed a nice place to overnight near the airport (at a good rate) for an early am flight and they offered a free 24-shuttle every half hour.  They are located in a remote corporate office park area.  But the facility was a well-appointed for a long stay suite set-up.  The staff was pleasant and helpful.Unfortunately, it was VERY noisy.  The walls and floor must be thin because we heard all kinds of noises that night.  Not sure we would return without serious earplugs.
3	Free Wifi and breakfast.  Close to Mill Street restaurants.  Odd layout of room puts TV in front of couch instead of bed.  I have a thing about never sitting in hotel room chairs or couches.  So skip the TV altogether if staying here.
4	The hotel is convenient to PHX airport and ASU. There's nothing to see or do in the immediate neighborhood (it's a sleepy office park) but there are plenty of restaurants, clubs, etc. over by the university. The hotel shuttle driver is happy to take you over there & pick you up when you're done. Bonus!Note the hotel is in the flight path for PHX. Noise can be an issue late at night and early in the morning. Light sleepers may want to stay elsewhere.
2	Completely outdated, old hotel. Very noisy. I've been at four Marriott hotels this week (travel for work) and this is by far the worst. It's very close to airport, which equals NOISY!! Pillows are all flat and my a/c wouldn't stay on.
4	In a pinch we stayed here for NYE block party because the Marriott residence inn in downtown Tempe was booked. This turned out not to be too bad. They shuttled us to the party, but we had to walk back (about a mile) since they stop shuttle service at 10pm. A couple days after checked out i realized i had left a couple of items in our room. I called back they searched and found them. They offered to fedex it which was a nice gesture but decided to pick up instead. Overall I'm Impressed with their customer service which is always a winner in my book.
1	Warning!!!  This hotel is directly below the airport's landing pattern. The walls are paper thin and it is NOISY!  On top of that there are major power lines above the pool area and the rooms are outdated without enough electrical outlets.  The kitchen is also terrible, no where near the quality of other hotels claiming to have suites for rooms.  Just a small fridge and microwave.  Paper plates and plastic utensils.  Lousey place.
2	Here is the proof...one photo tells all.  Don't stay here unless you don't like sleep.   I will say that after three nights of no sleep they are moving us to a new room.  So, a bit of redemption.
4	This is one of the older model SpringHill Suites that has been remodeled and is pretty fresh and nice. Customer service was very good and friendly. I arrived late at night so the airport pickup was shared and did take a little longer than I would have liked because at that hour it was shared. I also left before breakfast so I can't give any input on that.
3	The price was a bit higher than other hotels near and it was a bit isolated but we prefer the Marriott chain.  We booked the Executive King Suite for 189.00 before tax.  My family of 3 fit perfectly in this room, it was exceptionally clean.  I'm a clean freak, I travel with my Clorox wipes and can of Lysol.   I was impressed with the room and the bed check.  The room worked well for us.  I personally was not a fan of the large planes flying over us while in the pool and they did keep me awake the first night.  But my son loved them, he watched them out of our window while in our room and playing out in the pool.  The housekeeping and kitchen staff were very friendly and very helpful.  The front desk, could be a bit more "approachable", they were not very friendly.  When we asked about some restaurants in the area,  her response was not very helpful.   BUT it didn't take away from my experience.   Only request:  Please update and upgrade those elevators.  I felt like I was going to get stuck every time we used them.   I would have given them a 4 star, but deducted one point for the reception desk and elevators.   But I would recommend this hotel.
5	I don't usually review hotels as I mostly travel for work and most hotels are pretty avg (usually stay at Marriott & Hilton brands). However, this place definitely exceeded my expectations in an unexpected way. I was placed in a room on the 4th floor RIGHT next to the elevator and pretty much directly across from the ice machine, which immediately drew my ire as I could only imagine the potential for a noisy stay. Add to it the window AC unit and I definitely was ready to request a new room. Yet after 2 (soon to be 3) nights I've gotta say the sound proofing is well above avg. I've not heard the ice machine at all, barely noticed the elevator running, and the AC unit is fairly efficient and quiet as well. Add to that the usual spacious nature of Springhill rooms, the convenience of a sink and fridge, the fast and free wifi, the complimentary bfast, and I'm sold that this is probably the best Springhill I've ever stayed at.Oh and I almost forgot to mention, they've got a fitness center bigger than your standard closet with free weights and a pretty nice machine, something that was rather unexpected but very much welcomed!
1	First, there was poor communication with hotel about airport shuttle.  After lengthy wait, had to pay for cab. Upon arrival, found out the place is being remodeled.  The entire lobby is a disaster.  As I am waiting to talk the hotel staff who is at some make shift check in table, there is a guest that just checked in complaining because they put her in a room that had not been cleaned yet so they were having to move her.  When I finally got to speak to someone, I told them I was not staying and asked if I could leave without being charged.  They said sure.  I asked for email confirmation stating this. They said they would send it.  They didn't.  I called back an hour later and asked forIt to be sent.  They said they would.  They didn't.  I ended up staying at the Hyatt Place next door for a few extra bucks. Great place.  When making my reservation with Springhill they should have told me about construction.  It's a disaster.  I would never go back and I strongly suggest to others to not even consider it.
3	In a nutshell. On a scale of one to ten, ten being exceptional and one being unacceptable.Rooms - 9Breakfast - 5Service - 3Location - 8Rooms are very nice and clean but a few things weren't operational in our first room. Yeah, they had to move us. The bedside lamp didn't turn on and the iHome radio wasn't functional. Lastly, the bathtub wasn't draining normally. As I was showering, the water was rising up past my ankles. I felt like I was in a flood. I called the front desk and Tetonia was cordial and generous enough to migrate us to another room across the hall. Great! Well... The next morning as my girlfriend was trying to plug the bathtub for a relaxing bath, the stopper wouldn't stay down. I know! Frustrating right?! I pick up the phone and guess who answers?! Yup! Tetonia! First, I reminded her of my move from one room to another due to bathtub  issues. Then proceeded with this morning's bathtub dilemma and she said "So yesterday the tub wasn't draining and now it's not draining enough?". How sassy, I thought. Wasn't that kinda rude?? I refuted her idiotic ignorant theory and continued to correct her, "The drain is not plugging at all". I got no apology or empathy, she just said "Ok, I'll let maintenance know". Knowing that she moved me from one room to another room due to bathroom related problems, specifically bathtub issues, I would expect her to be apologetic for the inadequacy of service to a customer as a representative of Spring Hill Suites. The qualitative preparation requisite for each customer should be equal. If not, a company in the business of boarding people efficiently and comfortably should make amends at the service level to retain the potential future business of that patron. The breakfast sausage patties were sub-par and it appeared the help was repurposing the food gloves for garbage gloves as well. Not sanitary in my book.Tetonia seemed great but earlier in the day when I asked if there was a filtered water dispenser available, she had to quietly murmur to her friend while on a personal call at the front desk to hold on because I was demanding her attention. That is not professional.It is, near ASU and some shopping but not walkable by any means. Though it's in a quiet area which is great for non-party goes such as myself and better half.Stay here for nice rooms, but I can't promise everything in your room will work as expected.
