5	Great new frozen yogurt place.  First off the yogurt itself is fantastic.  Nice creamy texture without that icy texture you get at U-Swirl (some other places add water).  Good mix of flavors including some delicious tart varieties.  My two favs so far are watermelon sorbet and orange creamsicle.They have a ridiculous amount of toppings so you're sure to find what you like.  If not just ask someone.  The staff is friendly and attentive.
5	I've been here a couple of times now, and I have to say, it's my favorite fro-yo shop in Vegas (we can always use more cold refreshing treats).  The store is clean and stylish, they have wi-fi available, the staff is really friendly.  The yogurt is probably the best I've had - original tart is my new favorite flavor.  They have tons of toppings as well, including lots of fresh fruit.Bonus fact - the foursquare mayor of this place gets a discount!  That was a nice surprise when I checked in yesterday :-)
5	On occasion I've been known to consume large quantities of fro-yo, so having a new shop open close to work was too tempting to pass up!I feel that I need to mention the toppings bar before I even talk about the fro-yo.  The bar is friggin' huge!  Maybe the owners took the Las Vegas buffet attitude to heart because there were over 30 toppings plus fruit and anything else you could want.  I've never seen such a selection... even at the dessert section of a downtown buffet!Once past the toppings, there was a nice selection (12 to 14?) of fro-yo, ranging from tarts (my faves) to classic flavors (vanilla, chocolate, etc.), and a few interesting ones (creamsicle!) mixed in.  The yogurt itself was nice and smooth.  A few of the machines were a bit finicky in dispensing my frozen treats, but I think that's because I was there on the first day they were open.All in all, a great experience.  I'm glad it's low to no-fat, because I know I'll be back!
5	Delish!  Best frozen yogurt that I've found in Vegas. You can tell the yogurt isn't watered down like you'll find at most fro-yo places.  Great variety too - especially the toppings. I'm told by the staff that they'll be adding new seasonal flavors on an ongoing basis, so a great reason to keep going back.  Also, free wi-fi! Bonus!
5	I decided to give this new store a go last night.  When I got there at 8:45, it was closed.  I guess it must have been cleaning night.  There was some light and a worker doing his mopping.I returned tonight to see the bright lights shining and customers enjoying their yogurt.  I had Reese's Peanut Butter and Cookies and Cream.  There are 12 flavors to choose from, some tart, and some others to try I haven't seen as often.  I do need to try the Orange Cream, but it wouldn't have gone well with my other flavors.  There are an abundance of toppings, both fresh fruit and the candies.  I did not see mochi, so Tony, you may be disappointed.  (look at the business answer below - I was wrong!!)I was prepared to give the store 4 stars.  Then I saw on one of their flat panel displays that change messages, a sign saying "People Love us on Yelp."  How could I not give them the extra star?Nice bar stools along the window, a nice round conversation pit like seating in the center, and some tables make it an inviting place.  Price of yogurt is $.39 per ounce so it's on the pricier side.   They do have a loyalty card for repeated visits. Purchase 7, 10 ounce yogurts and get the 8th, 10 ounce yogurt free.Give Cherry On Top a try!  Review edited to correct errors.
3	Cherry On Top is a nice clean, super bright establishment in the Costco plaza.  The walls are a little bare, but the overall decor and furniture pieces were cool.  They could use more outside seating though.I definitely agree with other reviewers that the topping selection is awesome- everything from fresh fruit, an assortment of cereals, nuts, etc.  And yes, I did see Mochi bites! So why not 4 or 5 stars?  Well, when I first arrived the two employees were leaning against the counter chatting and did not bother to look up to acknowledge us.  No hi, hello, a smile, ...not even a smirk.  The yogurt cups were not in an obvious place so a little help would have been useful.  Moving on to the yogurt : the flavor choices were nothing out of the ordinary.  Vanilla, Chocolate, Tart, Blueberry Tart, Cake Batter, Cheesecake, Cookies and Cream...and Hawaiian Delight (which had an artificial like Hi-C taste).  I also tried Cake Batter and C&C- definitely creamy and tasty.  But it's the unique flavors that usually win me over, such as Taro, Green Tea, Lychee, Passion Fruit @ Yogurtland. Another problem was the temperature of the yogurt.  It was really runny.  I understand when places are crowded and the machines can't freeze the yogurt quick enough, but this was not the case here.  It was definitely more like a refrigerated yogurt than an frozen yogurt.  And finally the price...$0.39/ounce.  Pretty much $0.10 higher than other places.  It may not seem like much, but I eat a lot of yogurt especially during the summer and because it's really the only types of "hang-out" spots that are opened past 10PM outside the strip.
4	So the owner has contacted regarding the issues that I have brought up in my review.  He has assured me that the customer service has stepped up as well as the "frozen-ness" of the yogurt.  As for new flavors...no changes there. I have not gone back to try it yet, but the effort and the care on his part is great.   Nice job!
5	I saw the 5-star average of this place and was afraid that it might not live up to expectations. Fortunately for Cherry On Top, they're pretty darn good. To be honest though, all froyo places are pretty good. This place is going to have to set itself apart to elicit a 5 from me. As it turns out, I'm easy. When I saw that they had lychees in their toppings, I immediately thought to myself, "OMG! FIVE STARS!"Now you know. I love lychees.P.S. Their decor is pretty sweet.
5	It feels like clockwork orange.Stark, machines line the wall.Clean.The toppings offered seem to cover all the bases, you only pay by the oz, and they have figured the cups out of total.so get the large cup and fill er up.The flavors were endless it seemed.I have only been to pink berry in nyc, so I don't have a reference to what these yogurt places are like in LV,but if this is any indication of the quality I can expect ,I will be trying others.This is the only location in town so far, they opened four weeks ago and there are plans for another one on rainbow and two fifteen....Nononom.i that's good stuff!
4	I wanted to expand my frozen yogurt horizons so I wanted to give this place a try. I was sad that they didn't have creative mixes like U Swirl has their Ginger Lemon flavor. I instantly got over it as soon as I tried their Tart Blueberry and Watermelon Sorbet ..this can be an addiction! I topped it with strawberries, blueberries, and some mango syrup. The only complaint I have is some of their fruit selection was mixed with mushy soggy fruit. Overall I really liked my flavor choices they were so good. I could have eaten them without any toppings!
3	I have been waiting for this place to open since I saw it being built on a visit to L&L Hawaiian BBQ.The place was clean and friendly with 3 employees standing behind a small counter.They didn't have taro-flavored froyo, but that's okay since they got my interest back with their mochi topping. They lost me again when they said they didn't have any whipped cream. I was flabbergasted. There are 3 of ya'll here, one of you couldn't drive/walk to the Albertsons a block down for some whipped cream?! Wack! If I was in the area, I would go, I guess... maybe. But, nothing stands out about this froyo except for the fact that they didn't have whipped cream in the middle of the day.
4	Another froyo place...so glad it's a good one!  :)It's brand new so it's clean, well-maintained, and employees are very friendly.  It's smaller than U-Swirl down the street but the choice of flavors are better.  To tell you the truth they had me at Pumpkin.  And then I saw the Oatmeal Cookie flavor and almost jumped for joy.  YUMMY YUM YUM. And it's right next to L&L.  So now I can have my spam musubi AND froyo.  I am a lucky girl.  :)
2	Went in to try and they had no sample cups.  I went with a very small serving of plain tart, since I wasn't ready to invest in a flavor I hadn't tried. Good thing, because I found it absolutely disgusting. Even my 19 mo who loves tart fro-yo stuck her tongue out and made her yucky face. We jumped in the car and went to U-Swirl down the road, where we shared an original tart. :)
5	Hands down, best yogurt in all of lv and I assure you, I've been to all of them. The pumpkin pie flavor is BOMB!!!
5	I love froyo and this is right near roccos, making this the kid friendly night out. It is way cute in here.
4	I have tried this place two more times since my first visit. I even took people with me and have now qualified for a free froyo the next time I go. Cool.I had good service the both times I went, but again --- no whipped cream on my third visit?! Yes, I'm serious. The can on the counter was empty and when they looked in the back, they said they ran out. The kids I brought with me all said,"Awwww," in disappointment. Nonetheless, the froyo was still tasty. Their froyo seemed heavier/thicker than the froyo offered at Yogurtland --- I like the lighter, fluffier kind. The flavors that were available when I went were unique though! They had oatmeal cookie and eggnog, which I haven't seen at other stores. Both were delicious.Go here for the superb flavors, but maybe bring your own can of whipped cream.
4	cute little fro-yo place. lots of different yogurt flavors...it would be nice if they had more fruit tart flavors though. lots of toppings. nice workers. i would definitely come to this place more often if it was closer to where i live. =)
4	Our first visit to Cherry on Top, and it was good.  It did not dethrone Yogurtland as my #1 favorite, but I liked it a smidgen better than Menchies.I had Oatmeal Cookie, Caramel, Chocolate, and Cappuccino and, as usual, skipped the toppings.  I tasted all of them first, so I knew I'd like them.This stuff is thicker than all the other brands.  That doesn't make it taste better or worse, it just made me take, pay for, and ultimately consume more than I wanted.  And that's not good, especially the eating part.  There is no way to get "just a dab," not even in the little tasting cups, which blob up and over just as soon as the froyo hits the cup.  I don't think it's an accident.  One of our group picked up the packet that has all the nutritional information, and we were surprised at how high the calorie and sugar count is.  I also wasn't happy to learn that high fructose corn syrup figures prominently in the ingredients for all the flavors.  But I won't take away stars until I get to compare the competitors' info.We came here after yet another blah dinner at Outside Inn, which has U-Swirl in the same shopping center, but we wanted to give the newest contender a shot.  They have great hours - open till 11 weekdays and until midnight Friday and Saturday, so we'll be back.
4	Overall the froyo is good (my fav is still Yogurtland) and the location around the corner from Mi Casa makes it very convenient. They have a wide variety of yogurt flavors and toppings to choose from. Last night I had a swirl of Tart & Blueberry Tart with a ton of fruit on top and even though it was super duper cold out I throughly enjoyed myself. The Buy 7 get 1 free helps off set the $0.39 cost per ounce  As a side note it seems like Cherry on Top is very active with Groupon and all of the knockoffs so you should always be able to find a good deal out there.
4	I was in the area and saw this place out of the corner of my eye.....then I suddenly got an urge to have some Froyo....so off I went to satisfy the urge.I quickly looked for my favorite flavore, Cookies and Cream, and then I saw Cake Batter next to it, so I decided to do a swirl.....but then, I saw Boysenberry.....dammit, I have to have it all!  I filled my cup and was about to leave.....I usually don't add toppings to my Froyo, but I saw some Captain Crunch in the toppings area and decided "why not?".  I love Captain Crunch and added some of that.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Bz8iVsCAv-8t8FsQLCXFPQ?select=9rszRRF9IS6GiWkoRiuBGAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Bz8iVsCAv-8t8FsQLCXFPQ?select=Yv9u4unKYpdGMDIMV3w6iQI quickly went to a table so I could enjoy my Froyo treat.....yum!  It was soooo good!  Glad I did it.  All of this goodness for under $5.  Love it!The kid working behind the counter was very friendly too.  He greeted every guest who walked into the store and said goodbye.....it sounded sincere too.  That's unusual for teenagers nowadays.Return Factor - 90%
2	For me, it wasn't bad, it wasn't good, it was just "ok". I went here with my sister because she raves about it all the time. We barely filled two cups and it was a little over $10.. I felt a little bad about paying that much for mediocre fro-yo and a couple sprinkles on top.. .
4	Best yogurt I've ever tasted. Wonderful consistency, not watered down. Clean toppings bar and a good selection at that! I hope they keep it up!! And the pumpkin pie flavor is DELISH!!
5	Oh my gosh i am in love.  Absolute love with this place.  I came into cherry on top originally looking for strawberry frozen yogurt which is for some reason hard to find.  They have great flavors inc. Strawberry cake batter (yum!)  A delicious Reese-ish chocolate peanut butter and a tart that tastes like cheesecake mixed with sweet tarts in my opinion.  They have a ridiculously large selection of candies fresh fruits and sprinkles syrups etc.  Oh did i say the yogurt is fat-free so if you stick to fruit for toppings like the dellicious strawberries mangoes kiwis and blueberries like i usually do it's an almost guilt free summer treat.
4	My partner and I are self-confessed frozen yogurt ho's. We go out for froyo like twenty-somethings do the night club circuit. We pile on the glitter lipgloss and play thumpy music in the car enroute to Cherry on Top. As regulars on this scene, the Cherry on Top owner recognizes us instantly, even though we are wearing our sunglasses. Why are we wearing sunglasses at night to get yogurt ? Because thats how yogurt ho's roll Yo! We push past the line of the samplers who can't decide on a flavor. They stare at our dope decisiveness as we grab a self-service cup and get our VIP party on. As soon as the sugar hits our bloodstream, its time to groove. We carry on like crazy cats for our sedate Summerlin neighbors.  Lowering cherries into each others mouths, spinning around on the shiny hydrolic bar stools in a daze of chocolate sauce and tart, spilling sprinkles as we go. Good Probiotic Times!It took us a while of hopping to find the right yogurt scene, but we soon made Cherry our lounge of choice. We've even thrown away our VIP  cards to some of those other party places.
4	When I rate a frozen yogurt shop, I base it on the interior and ambiance because it seems like most of the flavors come from the same source.  Cherry on Top in Summerlin is pretty much typical like most of the other shops here in town. What is really nice about the location is that it is next to L&L!Hey.....how about a green tea flavor?
2	Visited this place after buying a new phone at Sprint.When I go into a fro yo I only look for two flavors: Red Velvet & Peanut butter.They didn't have either, so I left.Sorry, I'm bias, but it's my review so I can be :]
5	Best Frozen Yogurt! Ive been to all the frozen yogurt places in town and once I tried Cherry on Top I was done with the others. Original tart and the caramel cream are my two favorites. I mix half original tart, half caramel cream, berries, cheesecake pieces and mochi....Unbelievable!  GO! I promise you will change fro yo places.
2	I usually go to Golden Spoon but they were not open right now so I checked this place out. The froyo was pretty good tasting but it was kinda runny/watery. The container is also made out of thin paper to add to the melting problem. Golden Spoon has it right with styrofoam containers and uber frozen temperature. This is Las Vegas people.
3	This is your standard froyo place. They sometimes have awesome flavors like watermellon. The only problem is that the people that work there stand around talking all day instead of doing what they're probably supposed to be doing; because of this, half of the machines are empty, which greatly limits the flavors of froyo you can have. Their selection of toppings is rather grand, however, which somewhat makes up for this.
3	It seems like the self serve frozen yogurt places are becoming a fad, and there's no shortage of 'em around!  This one doesn't quite hit the mark though.  The interior is interesting, and probably fairly expensive, but it doesn't give a nice, homey feel.The yougurt flavors were ok.  The condiments geared more for high school pallettes... lots of candies and sweet stuff.  Unfortunately none of the condiments are marked, so I had to keep asking what some of the things were... and quite frankly I got tired of asking and didn't want to seem like a pest.  I commented about that to the clerk and told her to relay the message to the management.  I doubt they'll get it.
2	They should really change the time that they open.. Everytime I've gone (10am ) we've had to wait for them to open the door at least 10-20 minutes . They were still setting up inside and some of the yogurt wasn't ready. Hopefully they've fixed this problem because I haven't been back since then. This happened at least 3 times at this location..
2	Nope!If you're looking for mediocre yogurt and toppings, come here. If not, you should wonder elsewhere. I'm very surprised this place had 4 stars. The don't have a huge variety of flavors, and what they do have did not taste too appealing. Even their cheesecake tastes more like vanilla. The worst thing about this place is their fruit. They have hardly any options and all of their fruit was soggy. It seemed to be frozen prior to placing it out for customers...? I was not impressed with anything in this place. I couldn't even finish my yogurt, and that is ridiculous because I have never NOT finished my dessert. Lastly, they charge roughly the same price as most of these self serve yogurt places in town and everywhere else I've been is much better. More variety, better toppings, cleaner and the fruit is fresh. *On a side note, they have little fun facts that play on a screen when you walk in. They had 2 *fun facts* that didn't have proper grammar. Silly? Yes, but it drives me nuts.
3	This shop is closest to my house, so I'll go here when I have a super craving, but it is not my favorite froyo place.  It's just.....blah and average and it seems like the people who work here don't care.  Here are some observations I have made about Cherry on Top:- They have a lot of toppings.  That's a plus for them.  They have pretty much anything you could think of to put on your dessert.- They need to pay more attention to their yogurt machines.  I'm not being facitious when I say that EVERY TIME I come here, there are at least 2 machines that are blinking with, "Add Mix".  A lot of times the yogurt comes out like soup and I have to pull the handle and wait for all the liquid to drain before the yogurt is actually a yogurt consistancy.- Their flavors hardly ever change.  Booooooorrrrrrrriiiinnnggg.- Their staff is made up of teenagers who are more interested in their cell phones.- The floor is dirty.  The last time I went, it was god awful filthy with shoe imprints and smeared dirt everywhere.  Hey teenager working the counter, get off your iPhone and mop up the dirt!Like I said, it's not my favorite place, but it will do in a pinch if I have a sudden, irresistable urge and don't feel like driving all the way to my preferred place (Yogurtland).
2	The ratings for this place are across the board and I get the potential here, I really do. However, there are many areas of improvement needed.I walked in because I had to go next door to get some posters framed and it was hot and I was craving something sweet, so why not?A kid little kid and his grandma were sitting in the window and it helped me lure me in. I should have spun and around and exited right when I saw the dingy floors. When I walked in, a young girl walked out from the back, looked at me and when right back to the back. She didn't acknowledge me, greet me, smile at me, I got nothing. I guess I am a glutton for punishment because again, I didn't leave.I look for the cups and find them all the way in the back and I was hoping to find some exciting flavors but alas nothing that made me squeal on the inside like a little girl in a candy shop. So I settled for half red velvet cake and half peanut butter chocolate.I normally skip the toppings when I do fro-yo but this time I had decided to indulge. I am not dummy, trust me but I couldn't figure out what some of their toppings were. I couldn't tell if it was kit kat, a peanut butter cup, heath bar and I kept looking for labels and some kind of list but I couldn't find anything. Not even a person to help me. I felt like a lost little kid. I waited for the girl to come out and ring me up, which took a few moments. Again, no greeting or salutations. Odd, right?I leave with the fro-yo and sit in the car. The texture of the fro-yo itself was good, it was soft and creamy and not icy at all. The taste lacked some and neither flavor I picked out tasted like it should have. Disappointed to say the least.Cherry on top was more like Poo Poo on top. Sorry.
5	We have no life so we LOVE frozen yogurt! This is the best place we have had... AWESOME!And I can always come in my pj & dying my hair :)
1	Worst tasting Yogurt I have ever eaten. Taste like powder based. The toppings were old and stale. The staff was unfriendly and totally ignored us. There are much better Frozen Yogurt places in town. We wont be back
1	Went by this shop yesterday on my way to the Sprint store, and saw that it is CLOSED!  Lights off, chairs stacked, and an Equity Lease sign in the window.  :(
