4	Whenever I want some seafood that reminds me of my visits to Sinaloa I drop by Marisco's.  Good solid Mexican seafood served by the Mexicans who know how to make it.
4	Came here for lunch yesterday. We got the Shrimp quesadilla which was packed full of shrimp! and the Paella which was really tasty and packed full of mussels, octopus, a crab leg.. Unexpectedly good. They also have Micheladas, which I love, though I'm glad that she clarified that it's made with Clamato, because I just want the lime juice, salt, and beer, so had them hold the clamato. They won best chips and salsa from the New Times in 2004, but I thought the chips as well as the fish taco I got tasted like the fryer oil needed to be changed out :(
4	We stopped here later at night because Two Hippies Beach House was closed.  I'm glad we did, because the food was pretty decent.  I was a little nervous walking in because the whole place was empty, but that might have been because it was about to close (which we unfortunately didn't realize...so we left a generous tip ;) ).My fiance asked, as he always does: "what's good here?"  The guy at the counter responded "anything seafood!"  Of course. It's not called Mariscos for nothin'.So I ordered two shrimp tacos and one grilled marlin taco, since I'd never had marlin before.  All were delicious.  I didn't realize the shrimp in the tacos would be breaded, which I usually don't like, but it was pretty good.  The shrimp tasted good and juicy, and the toppings were nice (cabbage, pico de gallo, and cilantro).  The horchata seemed like it was homemade, and it was delicious.  The chips weren't the best, and they gave us a green salsa, which my fiance said would be too hot for me, so I didn't try it.I took a look at their full menu while I was waiting for my food and they have a very decent selection.  We will definitely be back. Soon :)
4	I am from San Diego and have spent my fair share of time eating my way down the Baja peninsula. Having said that, this is the best Mariscos I have had since moving to Arizona. Very authentic. How can you beat awesome Mexican paella for 14 bucks? The bacon wrapped shrimp were to die for. Large, plump, juicy shrimp wrapped with crispy bacon. Six of them plus rice and beans for 13 dollars is a very good deal.The service was great. Three of us ate till we burst for about 50 bucks. I would give five stars but the location is remote and near the airport so not a great area. Still, we will definitely be back.
4	This is our neighborhood spot for ceviche... though if you want oysters go to the spot at McDowell and 18th St... no idea what the name is.
3	Descent fish tacos but their ceviche had fake lime juice( the bottled kind) those were only ok
5	The "Fish and shrimp Ensenada style" plate is amazing and the fish and chips are simple and perfect. Whenever I am here it is pretty empty for some reason, but the waitress is very nice and quick, I think more people need to stop in!
4	Loved this place! It's convenient to my home in Coronado, nicely priced and delicious. Definitely going back for the beer specials.
5	Fantastic seafood at a very good price!
5	Came here for dinner with the family and I loved it! I think I heard something about new management because you can definitely tell.. The service was outstanding, very kind and friendly staff! The food was great as well. The portions are more plentiful now!! Will definitely be coming more often and recommending it to all my friends!
1	I really hate giving bad reviews, but the seafood was terrible here.  You could tell we were eating old shrimp. The salmon was also old and had a super strong, fish odor.  Cost was too expensive. We paid $50 for two dinners one pop and one margarita.  The salsa was just ok.  The only thing that was good was the margarita, but I went there for seafood. Very disappointing.
4	Great ceviche tostadas and fish tacos. One of the best in the city.
5	Server was quick and friendly. Seafood was fresh and made to order. I had the seafood stuffed filet & my friend had the meatball soup(she gave a thumbs up). We also had the churros w/ ice cream for dessert and it was DELICIOUS! (Free dessert too w/Yelp check-in). Definitly plan to return!
4	I had not been to this place in a while. Every time I come it seems to have new management and new menu. This time around I was pleasantly surprised to see they had  "tacos gobernado". They're  shrimp tacos with finely chopped tomatoes, onions and bacon with a bit of cheese topped with fresh lettuce. They are delicious and all the veggies tasted fresh. I unlocked the free dessert coupon from here and got the churros. I would normally not eat dessert at a Mariscos restaurant but It was free and I got it to go. The churros were warm and sitting on top of vanilla ice cream! Ha I think I would go back just for the churros. Service is always great. Definitely going back.
