4	Great place to golf. The lawn is pretty green. The walking from the parking lot to the driving range is a tiny bit of walk. But it's ok if your not holding your golf clubs hehee.
5	I went to a wedding here.  It was a beautiful location both the outdoor ceremony and the indoor portion.  I thought that the servers made this a five star experience!
4	I love this course for a couple of reasons and one major bias is that it's down the street from me so it makes it easy to make an early tee time.  I'm always impressed with the well manicured fairways and greens, and the staff is always friendly.  If you're a member of the OB club you can't beat the extension of locals rates to up to three of your guests. This isn't a really long golf course but it still presents challenges and fun to play with an option to play the open Palm Course or the tighter Mountain Course.  I have fun on this course and it's a nice option for a group of people with varying degrees of playing ability.  The beverage cart is very attentive and amply supplied along with a nice clubhouse on the back nine of either course.  Last but not least is this course has a very challenging Cloud 9 course that is a par 3 of 12 holes that can be played during the day or at night.  I've taken novices on this course and it's a fun round to refine your skills or to just learn the game.
3	Went just for the early evening with my man to watch him practice hitting balls.  The grass seemed not so green but is probably on its way coming back from the winter.  To get your basket of balls they have a little vending machine.  We were only there for probably 30-40 minutes as the sun went down.  Conveniently the place is nicely lit. My only complaint is there were no chairs for anyone to sit and watch.  Alot of tables but no chairs.  I know I wasnt the only one out there watching.  Left me scratching my head. lol  Anyways, for a quick visit I did like it there.  I'm sure we will be back sometime.
4	Fun place to gather with friends to drink and listen to live music by outdoor fire pit. Great tasting sliders. It's a treat when Tommy Rocker performs.
