1	By far the worst place I have been. This restaurant wins my vote for worst overall! I understand that with the grand opening of a new restaurant comes some flaws but never will I cheat on chowon again! It isn't a fancy restaurant but McDonald's has better service then this place! First off, we (group of four) arrived at the restaurant at 7:45, the rude waiter sat us down at a dirty table..okay we let that slide. Second he served us water in half empty cups! Waiter refused to ask us if we wanted anything else to drink. He took our order which consist of steamed dumplings, two jampongs, one kimchee soup, and curry seafood. The rude waiter never came back to refill our water..never came back to our table period. We sat there patiently an hour passes by no refill on water, no service, no appetizer. I mean steamed dumplings are steamed...how hard could it be to steam dumplings??! Atleast with an appetizer we wouldn't be so aggravated with the no service/bad service. An hour and thirty minutes passes and i had to walk up to the front of the restaurant considering no service in the dining room and he replys ten minutes..we wait ten minutes maybe even twenty and no appetizers/food. We walked out and all he had to say was okay? I will not be giving it the benefit of the doubt and to top it off they don't deserve my one star, so I take that back. I will never cheat on chowon again!
3	Ok...so far so good. Not very busy. The bonchan all has a very nice flavor.  Tastes like a bit of rice wine vinegar was used as there is just a hint of sweetness in the backround. Our waitress was kind...her english is not the best but we were able to communicate. Oh and for all you haters out there. How can you expect to go to an ethnic restaurant of any sort and expect everyone there to speak perfect english?  For me it just part of the experience. Apparently they are working on new menus as along with the regular menus we were handed , a draft of a new one was given to us as well. I was surprised to find both Korean and Chinese items listed. To me this threw up a red flag, but did  not seem to bother my wife much, and she was right. She ordered the perennial favorite dolcot bib bim bap and had the pork bulgogi, both were well made and tasty, at our table in less than 10 minutes from the time we ordered. So the service here is a bit slow and could use a little polish, IE my tea cup was kept full but my wife's water glass wasn't refilled till we asked for it to be. I'm hoping over time service will improve a bit. So this place is not the Kojan Bistro I knew and loved, but does have good food and we will be back. The only dilemma is that we will have to chose between here and Pepero. I left out Chowan Garden as both my wife and I feel that the dishes there have been slightly muted to avoid offending the average American palette.If the service improves here a bit I'll revisit and bump up the rating accordingly
4	The old Kojon Bistro location is now Inter Korea. Some lite remodeling but basically the same place with different owners.We were bought menu's that were mostly in Korean. They are in the process of developing a more descriptive English menu, but for now they have just one paper menu prototype that seems to be a work in progress.Upon examination this place appears to specialize in Korean Chinese, which is new for Charlotte.  Just like Chinese food that has been adapted for the American palate, Korean-Chinese is Chinese adapted for the Korean palate. You'll find items like Jajangmyeon, which is noodles served with a black bean sauce. This is made with black soybeans, which are probably better for you than the green; hopefully Monsanto hasn't gotten around to screwing them up. Most of the Korean-Chinese specialties contained udon from wheat flour, so unfortunately I couldn't try them. There were also seafood soups containing sea cucumber, which is something you don't see very often.Banchan was very very good; highlights included a strongly flavored daikon kimchi and a seaweed dish that definitely tasted of the sea, but in a good way. Tried the stone bowl bibimbap, which had a nice variety of vegetables and a tasty rice crust. Service was ok, a bit of a language barrier at first; improved some once they figured out we were really into Korean food. Would have been nice to have my water refilled.Realistically a 3 and a half, but I'm rounding up because there seems to be a lot of potential; will be back for more.
4	Food is great, but service needs work. I've had the fried dumplings, bee bim bop, pork bool kogi, and a spicy seafood soup (everything has been excellent!). I have been 2 times since it opened.  If you've never tried Korean food go for it. My girlfriend is from Seoul and a Korean food snob!  Charlotte only has 2 Korean restaurants she likes, Inter Korean & Pe pe Ro
4	Ok on our previous visit here this restaurant had been opened only a couple of weeks and was still a little rough around the edges, well not anymore. Since our last visit the new menus have been completed and the service was spot on, no need to mention that the food was great we already covered that on our last visit. The only thing that keeps me from giving this a 5 star rating is that it isn't enough of a dive, LOL.
5	Fragmented sentences here we go. Went for lunch, great service and great food. Unlike some of the other reviews, they filled my water all the time :). Two people were around to serve, and even asked what korean show i wanted to watch on tv...Although I couldn't read it. Had the jja jangmyeon combo with fried rice. The jja jang myeon was only the second time I've had it... other time at Chois China Wing. This took the prize. I ate every bit of it. The rice was a huuuuge plate that I barely put a dent in... it was okay. But i took it home and ate it later. Two types of kimchi that both were good, one was really spicy, but i like it spicy. Wanna go back and try some traditional korean food. Maybe 4 star for food alone, but the jja jang myeon was 5 and the people were really nice.
5	It is always a HUGE compliment to me when the staff of an Asian Restaurant does NOT ask if I would like any utensils other than Chop Sticks! !! !!!  I did not notice until I was almost finished that ALL of the tables ONLY had Chop Sticks!  They did NOT ask here... YAY!  I'm White!  Real white (almost transparent) so I'm always glad when they assume I have skills!  My first dine was lunch and I was served VERY Fast!  Four of the Staff stopped by my table to serve or bring more water... ALL were very FRIENDLY and helpful - None were shy about making suggestions and understood my poor Korean Language skills (I have None)!  Also I easily understood almost everything they said!  They encouraged my Photos and made suggestions!!!  Fantastic!!!After five dines here (one Lunch and four Dinners) I feel comfortable saying this place is more than Service Focused it is SERVICE DRIVEN! !! !!!  The staff that do not walk very fast, RUN!  This place is one of the best examples the Service TEAM model!  One server is SuperBoy on Korean (the Ultimate Rod0 Service Award and compliment)!Korean Dishes and Chinese Dishes with Korean Influence - They assured me that no matter what I chose it would have Korean style and I said GOOD!!!Egg Flower Soup is similar to Egg Drop Soup and I liked it a little better!Gan-jia-jang: Pork and Onions in a Black Bean Sauce with Noodles (my server mixed it at the table).  Before I ordered this my server warned me that it was NOT spicy!  I asked if it was Bland and she said no it is flavorful just not "hot spicy"!Korean Style Barbecue Ribs, served on a sizzling Iron Plate, White Onions underneath, garnished with a little Green Onion and Sesame seeds, Kiwi Juice in the House-made sauce, these are real good!A lesson in eating Korean with no Utensils by wrapping the food "Bul-go-gi"  Marinated Beef, served on a sizzling Iron Skillet with Rice and a Bean Paste in leaves of Lettuce (I did use chopsticks to load the food on the Lettuce).Mongolian Beef, Korean Style - Very Good!  This is one of the Best versions of Mongolian Beef I have eaten!Dumplings are a popular Korean Dish - Here you have the options of: Fried, Boiled or Steamed - I ordered mine Fried and they were good though it is not a dish I would want everyday (You still have not seen "OLD BOY" I can tell).Beef Lo Mein with Korean flair, more Garlic and Sauce than the typical Chinese version and the vegetables were perfect.Kimchi made with Cabbage and another "Kimchi" made with Cucumbers (they called it Kimchi with Cucumbers). Both were very nice and perfectly spicy!  These are my favorite of the extras served with Korean Dishes!
3	OK, let me start off by saying that the place is clean and bright and the service was WONDERFUL! Some of the best service that I have had anywhere in a very long time. I meant to ask the guys name so that I could tell the world how awesome he is. :)Now, let me finish by saying that I could have used a little more beef on the bi bim bap. I wasn't in need of a Meat Festival in my bowl, but a tiny bit more would have been nice. The dumplings were great though as was everything else, but the beer selection was tiny - as in it consisted of four random beers to choose from; the most exotic of which was Corona.I'm sure I can find it in my heart and my stomach to give them another try, though.
4	Delicious.  I went here for my workout "cheat day" with a buddy of mine.  In a land where Korean food is far and few between aside from a friend's house this is an oasis.  As stated below by some fellow Yelpers this used to be Kojan Bistro.  The interior looks pretty much the same, but the menu also includes Chinese items.  It's nice that they considered fusing Chinese into the menu, but I really think it takes away from the uniqueness of the Korean identity here.  When I go eat Korean food, I'm not looking to get fried rice, I'm wanting to stuff my face with a sodium and protein laden meal.  Aside from that, I would say you need to update the address up here!  It's at the same location as the old Kojan Bistro:  1806 Windsor Square Drive, Matthews, NC 28105.  The address provided above is for Super G Mart.  Happy Face Stuffing!
3	Went for dinner the other night.  Portion size was good and the food was OK.  Really disappointed with the banchan.  When I go to a Korean restaurant, I look forward to being surprised by the different variations.  InterKorea only gives you 2 types of banchans and they were pretty dismal at that.Will give them another chance, but if the banchan doesn't improve, it'll be a deal breaker.
5	Solid go to Korean restaurant when I'm in the Matthews area off Independence Blvd. On one side there are regular tables and booths and on the other there is a more authentic Asian dining area.The place is very clean. The employees stay busy busing tables and getting them ready for other customers. When I have gone there has been a steady stream of people coming in and out.My favorite dish is the Bi-bim-bap. There are two options: 1) in hot pot and 2) not in hot pot. I recommend getting it in the hot pot. It also comes with a choice of soup. Like standard in Korean restaurants, you'll get little "tapas" like dishes of kimchi, pickled radishes in spicy red sauce, and pickled slivers of egg. They can make dishes without meat for those veggie-only fans. The portions are plentiful and you can easily get a couple different options and share family style.I highly recommend going and trying various dishes. I predict that Korean is the next popular cuisine...be the cool kids on the block and try it for yourself!
3	FOODNice selection of Korean favorites including kalbi, bulgoki, seafood pancakes, bi bim gap, and jap chae. There is also a selection of Chinese food that is familiar to most Americans.DECORThe is a spacious restaurant with big tables and big booths.SERVICEExcellent, friendly service.This is a nice all around experience and we will be back for more.
1	Hadn't seen any new reviews for the place in a while and I was expecting the worst when I passed by; sadly it's closed. Wished I ate here more; they had the best Stone bowl Dolset Bibimbap in town. It always had the nice rice crust at the bottom of the bowl, something Pepero can't seem to get right. Additional kudos for serving Chinese food that didn't look radioactive. I guess there was just too many Korean spots in Matthews. Please reopen in the University area; we need you out here!
