5	I told the guy at the drive-through window that this place will get a 5-star review so this is to keep my promise. This place saved my friends and I from the brink of starvation after eating micro-meals at a different local Italian restaurant. Fast service, got the order right, right down to the sauces. I love you Taco Bell!
1	I love Taco Bell! Just not this one. I now drive out of my way not to go to this one. The order is wrong Every time and I really mean every time. Bad service Bad food!
2	Taco Bell is losing my love. Apparently you now have to pay to get a water cup. In Arizona of all places. Now i'm not ignorant, I get that they're covering their costs for the cups. But the one thing I could always count on in Arizona was free water, and that the fast food restaurants gave you a cup for free. Now slowly that's going away.
1	quality went down the drain!  staff is nice but that's the only good thing to say
3	Out of all the fast food joints I feel less awful about eating here vs anywhere else. call me crazy, I know.... So this location is new & clean. Service was good & quick. Textbook Taco Bell operating procedures. I've been hearing the adds, seeing the adds & I finally found a Taco Bell in route to my daily adventures so I decided to see if these breakfast menu items were something to brag about. I had the sausage waffle taco & my buddy had the bacon waffle taco. We both ate it due to being hungry but we were both like ehhhhhh I've had better.... The hash brown was good size in comparison to McDonald's but it was saturated in grease. It was an adventure accomplished but shortly lived. I can't see myself craving one more of these little taco breakfasts anytime soon. Guess the pancakewich is still reining supreme.
1	should be a no star rating.  horrible place to go to.  continue up the road to another place.  this location is run by little high school kids who don't know how to value there jobs.  i just waited 20 mins to get food and they screw up the order.  order steak they gave me chicken, i ask for side of sour cream and it was less than a table spoon.  i called to tell them i was unhappy and  they argued with me!!!  so rude, didnt apologize for their sloppy service!!  i hate this place and rather starve then get food from them again.  you would think with the prices now of fast food there service would be better but lack of training and hiring skills left this place to become trashy!!!  thanks for nothing
