5	Chocolat Boutique compares nicely with Michel Cluizel's in NYC, at about a third the price.  The European owner offers exceptional customer service, even when he is "working with a particularly difficult batch of chocolate" at the same time.  The assortment is overwhelming, but I would recommend both the balsamic and the cayenne pepper truffles for a unique, intense flavor.
5	Decadent hand crafted chocolates that are addictive, well priced, and sure to make you want more and more?Yep!  They have them.WARNING:  make sure you have enough cash or credit when going to this place...because you will want one of everything.  No joke.
5	The Owner and her Mom were here.  Both very friendly!  The owner was finishing some Pumpkin Truffles.  I had one, it was Fantastic!  Also I had a White "chocolate" Truffle, Apple Flavored (Holiday Truffle), a red Heart shaped Truffle (I was only going to get two), a Guinness Chocolate Truffle and two of the Jellie Candies, Green Grape and Pear.  All were Delicious and worth eating again, though there were so many more to chose from!I am so glad I found this place while exploring Baxter Village.
4	I bought a little two piece box of truffles for my man while I was over in this area. It is a cute little shop that smells really good inside. They have a lot of variety and I think they also offer coffee.
1	Terrible, terrible Service...  Rude to me and my child.  An employee on Friday night was horrific.  Hey, look, I'm a regular buyer and I own a local business, I have NEVER written a bad review about another local business EVER... but this was just that incredibly awful.NEVER bring a child in here; they apparently despise them...  yes, it was made clear.  AWFUL!!!! Will tell my customers about it too... They served me a chocolate strawberry on a receipt paper.... I have photo proof, if you even care, owner.
4	This is where I take my 6 year old daughter on our special days, she loves feeling like a princess, being surrounded by so much chocolate!
5	I was looking to buy some chocolate for my wife for our anniversary and stumbled upon this place at www.chocolatboutique.com. I ordered a box of their truffles and European bonbons and wow! We both agreed this was the best chocolate we have ever had and will definitely order again from here!!!
