4	So I'm not a big doctor person for a few reasons. One, doctors scare me. They make me feel all insecure assuming that they scold you for not properly taking care of your health if something is wrong with you, and I hate being scolded. Two, the wait I'd always so long and I feel like you are just one of the hundreds of people they tend to on a daily basis so I feel like I am just another patient. Three, doctor bills give me heart attacks. If I could sow my arm back into place if I could I would just to avoid the doctors, but I'm sure my doctor wouldn't approve of that.Dr. Jimenez was recommended by a family friend so when I had to go to a doctor I thought I'd give him a try. If a trustworthy person says he's cool then I'll pray he is. A long wait was unavoidable so I did have to wait a few hours being that I was a walk in. The nursing assistants are so friendly and chipper! Being that it is a family practice center I guess I shouldn't doubt that seeing as though they're not all frantic with caring for a whole bunch of people. They made me feel at ease and comfortable there, and from the looks of it, the staff seems like theyre all just one big happy family. It is a really small waiting room but it makes up for the big flat screen that plays good movies (I got to watch the whole RED movie which I was glad for because I never get to finish it). When it was finally time for me to get checked up the nursing assistant was very friendly and nice she even let my mom take her blood pressure and weight herself for fun. Then dr. Jimenez walked Into the room with his million dollar smile and his pimped out leather weaved loafers and matching button up. He was very perky, and asked me questions in a friendly manner. Then quickly diagnosed me and made sure I come back for a check up. He didn't tell me in a stern way to where I felt awful and pressured. It was more like he was concerned and wanted to make sure my health was up to par. I'd definitely recommend him. This place just makes you feel comfortable being in a doctors office. The wait is the only downfall, but then again he is the only doctor.
5	Dr Jimenez has been my doctor for more than 10 years. :) Proud of it.
3	Dr. Jimenez is a good doctor. I honestly think he knows what he's doing and is passionate about it. He always seem happy and cheerful and in a good mood the handful of times I've been to see him.I gave his office a three stars not because of how the doctor is, but mainly because of his staff. They're not a friendly lot. They always look like they would rather be doing something else other than helping you out. And they always talk to you like they know better than you do. I tried rescheduling an appointment once, and the guy who answered my call was the most annoying and unhelpful person; he shouldn't be working with clients/patients. I explained to him why I needed to reschedule and what my availabilities are. He couldn't be the least helpful and was talking to me like I'm some stupid person.I like the doctor, I would come back. But if they want their patients to be happy, they better teach their staff how to interact with them better.
5	I love Dr. J!!! He's been our Family Care Physician for almost a decade now and have recommended him to family and friends. He always takes time to every health issues and concerns which I believe is his #1 trait that is why he has a steady flow of patients. I hate doctors who asked you to wait forever and then see you for only 5 minutes without even explaining what's the actual cause of your concern. More power to Dr. J and his wonderful staff!!!
