5	My son has been attending Kiddie Academy of N. Phoenix for about 2 months. He enjoys it and I love it. Everyone from the lunch lady to the directors knows his name and greets us as beloved friends.  I am so happy with the way he comes home with something new each day; be it a skill a craft or a new word. His teacher has been very helpful in our journey towards toilet-learning and that has been wonderful! I like the overview sheet Miss Christy sends home everyday because it helps us to share the experience and reinforce what he learned. The ability to watch him on the closed- circuit is also a huge plus. I am surprised at the afforability of this super program, it lets my son have a social outlet we would not have had otherwise!
5	My husband and I had searched many preschools in hopes to find a spot to put our daughter. We are so thankful we came across Kiddie Academy, it is a gem!! My daughter has been going there for a year now. She absolutely loves it! She is learning so much, and they are really preparing her for kindergarten. The owners are always there and it has such a comfortable feel to it. They plan all kinds of fun days that get my daughter so excited, and have a little library where the kids can check out books... very cool!! It is always so clean, and the staff is wonderful!! We just love Mrs. Barb and Mrs. Nelly(the 4 year old teachers)! I would recommend this to anyone looking for an honest, loving place where you feel more than comfortable leaving your kids!!
2	My son is 4 and has been going here for 6 months and absolutely hates it. Teachers are short with the children and inattentive. He got severely hurt by putting his tooth through his lip and they never even called me. He cries every day when I drop him off and we are  currently looking for a new preschool. Also, it's the most expensive school around.
5	Today is our daughter's last day at Kiddie Academy because we are moving to St. Louis.  She has been there for the past year 5 days a week in the 2 year old class.  We could not be happier with this school.  She absolutely loves her teachers (Katie, Char and Jasmine).  She has learned so much at this school and they were extremely helpful in the potty training phase.  I would recommend this school to everyone.
