1	So mad when I got home to find out I paid 14 dollars for a box filled with dried batter, and missing cole slaw. If you like that stuff, then this is the place for you. Incompetent workers...
4	The restaurant is clean, the employees are friendly. Although the "getting food" is slow, it is hot, fresh and yum. I do not recommend the drive thru, unless you are ordering a small, single meal. Big order? Go inside. They have added some healthier options - like salads.
1	My husband and I stopped for a late lunch today and will never eat at this restaurant again. We ordered our food and sat down in the dining room to wait for it to be brought to us. There were very few people in the restaurant and all had their food so we knew ours should not take long. After about 18-20 minutes our food was sat up in the pass through window by the cooks and just sat there. The cashier was in the lobby at that point emptying trash and there was no one else out front to bring us our food. As we sat we witnessed a female employee come from the kitchen with a paper towel or tissue in her hand. She BLEW AND WIPED HER NOSE and threw the tissue in the trash can under the counter and then immediately reached up and grabbed our plates of food with her dirty hands. She reached in and scooped cole slaw onto our plates contaminating the entire batch sitting there and proceeded to walk to our table with the contaminated food. We refused it and demanded a refund immediately asking to speak to the manager. The manager never came out and I left but not before getting the number of the district manager for Long John Slivers. I have contacted her and the health department with a complaint. Do not eat at this restaurant.
5	This is the best fast food fish establishment ever. The wait for the food after you order can be a while but it's worth it. The food is fantastic and the lobby is very clean. The fish batter is flakey and leave a ton of crumbs on your plate afterwards. It is also very greasy they'd why they have a stack if napkins at the table. I would highly recommend this place to anybody who enjoys fried fish.
