3	I went to Lane Bryant today and really enjoyed their selection of clothing. At a size 14, I am on the cusp and can shop at most dept. stores w/o having to go to the dreaded plus size dept. I hate plus size clothing! They are always very drab and boring, childlike, or so over the top you are just asking for unwanted attention, so I try to stay away from them as much as possible. But, because Lane Bryant was close to where I was shopping I decided to go in. I was pleasantly surprised at how modern and up to date their clothing was. I saw very little "fat lady" style clothing, and was happy to look around at their selection. While entering the store I noticed their sizes were 14-?(cant remember the number it goes to) so I thought I would find something here. Remarkably, there was very little items in a 14 and I was disheartened by this. I'm sure they don't get alot of size 14's in the store, but if you advertise that you carry that size you really should. The staff was not very friendly, and very disorganized. The dressing rooms were clean, but the mirrors are very annoying. They are tilted and lighted in a way that makes you look better than you actually do, in turn making the clothes look better on. From now on, I will make my purchases, go home, try on the clothes, and return if I need to. I ended up walking out with a great pair of earrings (they were on clearance for $4.99, and a gorgeous black dress. The dress is too large, but I am going to take it to a tailor and have it fitted correctly. The clothes here are a bit pricey. I noticed t-shirts with screened print for $30. The dress I purchased was $69.99. Next time, I will probably try Macy's 1st and if I don't find anything I will come here. Also, check their website for in-store deals before going. I did not, and later noticed that they were having a 25% off sale that I did not know about and did not get the promotional discount.
4	Went back to Lane Bryant to return the dress. It was too big. And, thank God, the staff was much friendlier today. I think from now on, I will go on a weekday evening. The staff was very helpful, although they did talk me into buying $120 worth of more stuff. Oh, well, I feel pretty and isn't that what counts? Who cares if I cant pay one of my utility bill this month, I still feel pretty.
2	This is pretty much the same as any other LB store. It is fairly large so they have a good selection but I have never really experienced good customer service here. I always prefer stores that are not in a mall but in this case I guess Tempe Marketplace could be considered an outdoor mall so parking can still be a problem and traffic getting in and out of the complex can also get hairy. Overall, not my favorite place to shop.
3	Wonderful customer service at this store from manager Terry
