5	The best place to watch the sunset in Mesa. Just beautiful, great service, food, and drinks. Sometimes they have live music on the weekends too. I have to check out their breakfast as well.
2	Generally speaking if a place has good food and bad service I will overlook the bad service. Well this place has terrible service and very mediocre food. The view is nice and the queso is good. Beyond that there is nothing worth going here for. A suggestion I have for The Patio is better more attentive, happy waitresses. I can go anywhere in the valley and get a dose of attitude from 20 year old girls for FREE. I prefer my lunch attitude free. Another suggestion I have is if there is mostly sandwiches to eat here add something besides salad for people who eat gluten free even if its just corn tortillas. I would and could overlook the bland food if I felt like the staff genuinely cared when they ask how is your lunch. Muttering "enjoy" and then perking up when you bring the bill will not your saving grace to obtain a tip.
1	Horrible food and service.. We went there for valentines day and my BFF birthday .. Food was cold, and serving people has no idea... They need a new management ....Went there twice will never go again !!!!!!
1	I have given this place several chances thinking maybe the service will get better, it has only gotten worse. They won't let you sit on the patio if you are only having drinks and appetizers, so we go to order a meal, and they are OUT of TWO items we wanted!! Unbelievable! Another time we made reservations for first available which was 7:30, but we went early to see if we could get in, they said no we had to wait until 7:30 and then proceeded to seat walk-ins with a 15 minute wait, one after another! It was VERY RUDE! Never will I go back, never.
3	During the summer the Patio Grill has a decent happy hour. Cocktails are tasty, relatively strong and a bargain at $5. They have a good selection of appetizers under $7. I highly recommend the pretzels and cheese. Outside of happy hour I can't speak to the quality of the food. Also, they ONLY have happy hour during the summer. We stopped by in March and were unpleasantly surprised. According to our server, the place is packed with tourists and snowbirds for the rest of the year so they have no need offer deals to bring in the locals.
2	This is such a shame because yes the view and sunsets are great. Service very slow, food poor. This place has gone from poor to very good and poor again on the last 12 years I have lived in the area. I keep wanting to take clients here, but can't because I end up embarrassed. Last 2 times have had to send food back after waiting forever and last time ordered the Ahi Salad. After 15 minutes, our waitress came back and said they were out of Ahi. Hope someone in management reads this and understands that people want to come here but you are forcing them to go elsewhere.
4	Great place to spend a Friday night: great view, delicious food and awesome live entertainment!  The Green Chili Burger and fish tacos were amazing.  On Friday night's John Burak is the musician and does a great job!  The only challenge we had was food allergies (I can't eat gluten or soy), the first time we went the waiter didn't know for sure and just assumed.  However the second time the waiter asked the chef and was very helpful.  I had a pretty good reaction the first time and none the second (I ordered the delicious fish tacos the second time).  So if you go with food allergies make sure they talk to the chef.  And its pretty busy in the winter time so if you go between 6 and 8 make sure you make reservations (or go later like we did)
5	I have been here half a dozen times. I have always had a good food and service. There has been live music. The sun sets while you enjoy your food your food in the evening. Nothing bad to say. I would highly recommend this place.
4	Went for a late night dinner with my elderly father on a Thursday night after a long flight in from the northeast. It was very dark and once I discerned the entrance we were greeted and taken to a table at the railing overlooking the valley. The server, whose name I am not going to guess at was great - quick with the orders and very unobtrusive otherwise. A lone guitarist was serenading the 1/2 filled patio with holiday music. Even though it was late - about 8:00 the Prime Rib Special was still available and kudos to the Chef for delivering one of the best medium rare prime ribs at that late time! The potatoes and beans were likewise excellent - not overcooked. We did not have any room for sweets after - but we did sample the house red wine and it was full bodied and well worth the very reasonable, discounted price. Next time I am in town we will be back
