5	Today is opening day and they are handing out 20% discounts good till 10am. Lines are forming and they open at 700am. A. Quality - all the quality of Trader Joe's and Whole Foods but with a larger selection and better prices!B. Quantity - plenty of choices and a lot of it.C. Organic - plenty if organic choices, grass fed beef and healthy choices!This is to me like the Costco or Sam's Club of nutritional value. So many places try to make so much money on healthy choice products. I feel like a captive in so many places and here I feel liberated!!!For opening day today, come get your 20% discount and other deals. Free coffee and muffins. Come out and listen to Coronado HS Marching Band playing on the opening day ceremonies. GK says this is the place to do all your regular as well as nutritional shopping! Come here to support healthy values now!  Get beach body ready and start here!
1	Let me start off by saying that I love Sprouts, I actually frequent the Tropicana and Pecos location anytime I need groceries. I decided to pop into this location to grab a snack for work since I was in the area, and I really shouldn't have. For whatever reason, this place was more packed than I've seen any grocery store. An army of employees makes for very little organization, and this was certainly the case here. They had three cashiers at an express lane, which I thought was handy since I only had two items. I stood in that lane... only to have a "helpful" employee just admit two separate customers directly in front of me in line. To make matters worse, one of those customers told her that I was already waiting in line, and she ignored him and told him and another person to get right over (in front of me). I think I'll stay at the location where people aren't incompetent, since I'm not coming back to this location, ever.
5	Sprouts hit another home run for me with this new location. I was really not a fan of Sprouts after a bad experience at the location on Tropicana and Pecos. I was won back over with the new location that opened on Stephanie and Warm Springs. Now this one is just as good as that location. Hopefully they get the Tropicana location up to speed so that it doesn't ruin their reputation. Mind blowing how this location and the Stephanie location can be so completely opposite of the ghetto and rank Tropicana location!Great food, great prices, great atmosphere. Whole Foods was the only grocery store that I could enter and never get bored cruising the aisles. My first time here, I walked in and was amazed. Cruised the aisles and picked up a few things. Next thing I know, I'm walking out the door an hour later. Who spends an hour at a grocery store? I do, every time I come to an amazing location like this one. Kudos!
4	Welcome, Sprouts! So glad you're here! Sprouts is such a refreshing change from the supermarkets with junk on every shelf and only a handful of healthy options to be found. This place is chock full of interesting, healthy and wholesome food choices. There's a great selection of organic products, and the produce section is plentiful with fresh options. Also, get your Boar's Head deli items here! The bulk section offers such a huge selection and the prices really are better than the same prepackaged items! The employees here are friendly and helpful and the lines seem to move quickly. The deli counter has some kinks to work out as I noticed when I got home that I was given the wrong amount of some of the cold cuts I ordered. I didn't like the way they packaged my cold cuts - I hate to say it but this is done so much better at Albertson's and Smith's. Also, it took forever to get my cold cuts even when the deli line wasn't long. I'm sure this will improve with time. The store is immaculate and so organized. I  hope this doesn't change with time! This is such a welcome store in the community. I think this will make fresh, healthy options more widely available in the neighborhood. No excuses, Green Valley. Shop healthy at Sprouts!
4	One of my favorite "chain" of stores. I've always had a great experience at any Sprouts. Stores seem clean & organized. My favorite is the "serve yourself " bins. They have everything good to snack on-- nuts, chocolate covered treats (blueberries, honeycomb), dried fruit.. at great prices! It's wonderful. My gramma & I sometimes grab freshly made sushi rolls from the little bar inside. Can't go wrong with Sprouts produce & products. LOVE LOVE LOVE this store.
5	Very fresh affordable produce. Same quality as whole foods but a whole lot less. Very helpful friendly staff. Delicious roast beef. Great selection of vitamins. Will go again soon. Love it.
5	Of all the markets in henderson, sprouts is the best! Friendly staff and great produce!
4	Really enjoyed my shopping experience. I was very surprised to see all the options that they had available from Greek to Italian to Persian.  The store was clean and the staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable  about their products.My most exciting discovery was that they had Home Run Inn Pizza!!!!!!Their prices are similar to Trader Joes. If you are Vegan or don't eat gluten, I think they have a HUGE selection. We will be back!
2	I decided to give this place a try after being less than impressed with their Tropicana and Pecos location a few years back. I am a regular Whole Foods and Trader Joe's shopper and figured if this place made the grade I could add it to my rotation and maybe even save a little time and money.First of all their name brand prepackaged items are not any less expensive than Whole Foods. It is all comparative which was ok with me since I am a regular Target shopper and they are right next door (2 birds 1 stone - at least in the winter). The produce looked ok, not great. On par with Trader Joe's, but if I am going to get Trader Joe's grade produce I expect Trader Joe's prices.Where they ultimately lost me before and it seems this time again is the meat counter. I am pretty picky when it comes to buying meat and am willing to pay extra money for extra quality. None of their meat or fish looks or smells particularly fresh. It was pretty reminiscent of any other chain grocery store around town.So a little more variety than Trader Joes, but also more expensive. Not as much quality on fresh items as Whole foods in my opinion but priced similarly.
5	This was my first time ever in a Sprouts. some neighbors seemed excited about it, so I had to check it out, and I'm glad I did. A bit like Whole Foods, a bit like Trader Joe's. Decent-sized store, with enough room for a pretty good selection. They had Jazz apples, which I don't find elsewhere. Bright, clean, neat place. The staff are friendly and helpful...when I couldn't find some chefs'salads, they made a few up for me right then. Got a whole, roasted chicken without seasoning...quite good. The potato salad was so-so...not bad, but I've had better. All in all, so far, so good. Glad I found this place.Oh, decent selection of pirates meals, too, which I'll have to try more of.
4	Wonderful produce! Had the best fresh fruit, bulk and meat selection! Staff is friendly and parking is easy.  Trader Joes has new competition in Anthem area!
4	Yet another Sprouts has opened up in my area! They must be doing something right!It's easy to find on the corner of green valley and horizon.  Parking was good with plentiful spaces. This store is very clean and organized.  Their produce and meat always look fresh.  My husband noticed a sign on the entrance door stating no photography or videography allowed in the store.  I thought that was strange being this was the first time I've seen such a thing.  Made me wonder why.  Overall I love the store.  Service here was better than some of the other locations which is huge.  Thank you Sprouts!
1	Have been here several times since they opened, but today it was apparent that the "new store atmosphere" whereby you actually enjoy seeing customers walk through the door is gone... Poor customer service, from the people on the floor to the cashiers at the registers... if I wanted mediocre customer service, I would go to WalMart... For the prices that I pay, I expect the service to go along with it... Not so today.... Back to Whole Foods for me.
5	My GOD it's about time someone gets it!  Great prices without have to pay $$$ like Whole Foods.  Love the BBQ chicken in the deli!  They have a really good bakery, fresh produce, a nice beer selection, and nice employees.  The GOOD stuff, and no need to bring your bank book.  This is place is long overdue!  Bye bye Whole Foods!  Sprouts is going to put them out of business.  They have the prices, quantity, quality, and customer service skills to succeed.  Fresh and Easy, and Trader Joe's will be hurt by Sprouts as well.  I have a new place to shop!
4	The selection of organic fruits and veggies is good, and the selection of grass fed beef. Seafood needs larger selection. Overall I love the store and am now rotating between TJ's and here.
5	This place is actually selling organic food at affordable prices! Grass fed lamb, beef & chicken. Rainbow chard. I went to a Fresh52 farmer's market yesterday & decided to go to Sprouts instead of being disappointed.
3	Produce section: 5 stars.  Meats and fish section: 1 star.  Frozen section: 1 star.  Bread section: 3 stars.  Way, way, way too many supplements, toiletries and vitamins....All in all, it's good, but, the limited selection overall will not make me drive across town to shop there.
3	I have been here on its good days and it's bad days which is why I give it 3 stars. Usually the produce is fresh and they have a good selection of organic food but other days the produce is virtually non existent and the produce that is there, is bruised, cut and I've even seen it moldy. I've seen cottage cheese on their shelf that expired 10 days ago and fish in the meat section that looked questionable. But the staff is always friendly and helpful, the store always clean, and the ambience slightly less hectic than Whole Foods which is why I come here in the first place. Overall, I like this Sprouts and will continue to go here but I think they need to step it up a notch or they will more than likely go out of business.
5	I continue to shop here 3 times a week!  Great prices, and superior service keep bringing me back!  Why pay ridiculous prices at Whole Foods when I can get the same for much less?  While Sprouts doesn't have the selection they do, the price, and quality is unbeatable!  Trader who?  I quit shopping there as well.  There's no need to.  I rarely shop at Smith's as the chicken at Sprouts is cheaper and fresher.  The buy one get one free specials ROCK!
3	I like Sprouts and was happy to see one opening in my neighborhood.  I give 2 stars because I bought a pineapple from here the other day.  Tonight I go to slice it up and find a weird crack in the pineapple I did not notice when putting it in my cart. When I open it it is the most nasty red stuff growing inside the pineapple.  The whole pineapple was ruined.  Maybe this is an anomaly, but I find it hard to believe Sprouts isn't aware of this problem. I will continue shopping there, but I will be more careful scrutinizing their produce in the future.  Honestly, I am used to this kind of stuff in So. Nevada, but I thought Sprouts would be different.  Only time will tell.10/13/14 update: revisited Sprout's.  Found excellent prices on apples, great quality at $.88 lb.  Moving to a 3 star.
4	I see this place as a great alternative to some other places but as with any place, there are some amazing items here at a great price and some not.There are some things here you cannot get at other stores, they do have a decent selection of Organic items, but there are some things you just cannot find here.  This particular location always seems to be crowded and being so close to Anthem, you do find the people there who feel they have earned a right to act any way they want based on their age and you should just get out of their way or leave the store until they are done shopping.Sometimes I like to come here just for the challenge of trying to make my way through and see the reactions when they realize they are not the only person on the planet shopping at this store and the realization sets in, a great store with a great selection of items, some great prices was not built just for them, it was actually built for the rest of the community as well.
4	I enjoyed my trip to Sprouts. It's in the Trader Joe's / Whole Foods realm. In fact, it really made me think of a tiny Whole Foods. Lot of great fresh produce. If you're hunting for some produce that you haven't had luck funding elsewhere and/or didn't look so good elsewhere, Sprouts might just have it. They also had a good selection of high-quality spaghetti sauces, condiments, etc. It's definitely a grocery store that I will add to my list for finding more unique products. It's on the pricey-side, though, so I can't say I'd ever make it my go-to, single grocery store. If you haven't ever been to Sprouts, I recommend giving it a whirl.
4	The good:  Very nice employees,  especially CJ in the butcher/ meat section.It is not very crowded even at 8pm.  Lots of choices compared to Trader Joes.   I like the people who come in here and not having to deal with unruly children running everywhere like in a Walmart.The bad:  Prices are pretty high on certain things that can be found in other stores.  I usually just buy the things I can only find at Sprouts. I have bought a few different things that were already expired when I brought them home.  If it wasn't for this fact, it would be 5 stars all the way.
4	It's my first time at Sprouts since the newest location opened near me. I was amazed at all it had to offer; it was a supermarket times 100000000 plus the food is fresh, healthy, and organic. And it's affordable! I love healthy food stores like Trader Joe's and Whole Foods but they are not places I go to for grocery runs. Sprouts has just about everything except at lower prices. I love it!
1	Upon check out I informed the assistant manager Luke the deli department doesn't  have any price labels on any of their meats or cheeses. He was clueless, showing he has no clue what's going on inside his business. He didn't thank me for bringing this to his attention. Then he goes and overcharges me I come to find out after getting home. I'd recommend a new assistant manager for this location.
3	This location is tiny! It kind of reminds me of a clean Bodega. There are Sprouts people and there are Walmart people. I am definitely more of a Walmart person, but I will occasionally go to Sprouts or TJ's for items that I can't find elsewhere. The prices are hit and miss in my opinion. You may be able to catch a particular item (or a few on sale), but overall you're spending more than you would at a typical grocery store. They have a great selection of organic items and probably the most fresh produce you'll find. Overall, just ok. I will still go every few months to stock up.
5	Lyn in grocery and Leon in seafood seriously are amazing.  I told Lyn I am cooking dinner for a new guy im seeing...it's our 3rd date and im nervous to cook in his home cause I wanna be uber neat but delicious.  She helped with everything and Leon was just as awesome giving me "dude" tips on what guys like!!!  So awesome!!!
5	This is my 2nd Home! I live here.I am here at least once daily, sometimes twice a day, and I do NOT work here.This is a better alternative to Whole Foods, which I like,yet Sprouts pricing and location are closer to my budget and location.The only issue I've had is that the staff is not RawFoodist Ingredient aware, which allows me to exercise my search and skip-trace abilities to locate what I am looking for.Produce is King at the store . . . always,  FRESH, FRESH, FRESH.  Their weekly flyer and specials allow me to stock up on the things that are staples for me, and save at the same time.Oh, and finally, Did I remember to say their produce is fresh?
