5	Both of my daughters attended this school.  Two minutes into our initial tour of this school, a calm and peaceful feeling came over me, and I just knew that this would be the right school for my daughter.  My wife felt the same way.Picking your child's first school is a very important step in parenthood.  I was nervous and excited for my daughter to start her educational career at Adobe Montessori.  So much so that I actually spent the first day of school sitting in my car in the parking lot, just in case the school needed me to pick her up for any reason.  She loved the school from the first day, and I was so relieved.   This school was the perfect fit for her.We loved the school so much that when the time came for our younger daughter to go to start school, we had her attend the same school.My family trusts the staff there.  They are all good people.  They genuinely cared for my children and my children loved them.  I owe them my deepest appreciation for helping to mold my children into good people.  Adobe Montessori was more than just a school, it is a place that works with families to teach their children how to be independent thinkers.My children are in the public school system now.  They are in a more "traditional" system.  I know that a lot of parents out there worry about how their children will transition into a traditional school.  When your child leaves Adobe Montessori, he/she will already be trained to adapt to any situations the traditional school system present.Adobe Montessori is a great first step in your child's journey into the world of education.
5	Adobe Montessori is a fantastic preschool. It's not cheap, but not as expensive as some of the other area Montessori schools. It's worth every penny. I never worry about the safety or emotional well-being of my daughter while she's at school.My daughter is in Mrs. Coleman's class, and you couldn't ask for a better preschool teacher. She and her teaching assistant, Jessica, are kind and patient with the children, but also teach them what behavior is not acceptable. Not only does my daughter learn the educational building blocks she'll need for elementary school (reading, writing, arithmetic), but she learns good manners, sharing, being polite, and being a good friend to all. As she tells me, "We're all friends at Adobe Montessori."Adobe also has a flexible "pay what you use" pre- and after-care policy, rather than charging a set fee regardless of how much after-care you use. The school is also in a lovely setting with a grass courtyard; I toured over a dozen preschools, and this was one of the only ones to get natural light into the classrooms. The playground has modern equipment (fun, but still safe for preschoolers), and the school has a variety of activities throughout the year (petting zoo, parent parties, parent education nights, an annual operetta put on by the children). They also offer dance and music classes.
5	My two children go here and love it. The staff is professional and welcoming. Mrs Coleman has taught our children. I'm completely convinced that she knows child development in such a way that would aid any family trying to help their child succeed.
