1	why is it that the ladies who work at their store are either real sweet or super stuck up? i'm glad to have read at least one positive review on this store. because really, i'm about to be sooooo pissed. i went into this cute little shop expecting at least a hello or some sort of a greeting. i got NOTHING. then, i went ahead and asked if they carried a few particular items that i was looking for, none of them did they have. regardless, it would have been so simple to say NO or I AM SORRY WE DO NOT HAVE THOSE ITEMS. but instead, she flipped her hair, walked away and pretty much made me chase her. it was so rediculous. don't even get me started on the way that they treated me at the dior cosmetics shoppe. F dior!!
4	i love dior shoes. bought many in vegas... love this place... thats all i have to say!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!but dont buy the jewelery its really cheap and the stones fall out and they use cheep metals.BUT THE SHOES ARE GREAT!
5	Love fancy crap! oohhh so shiny!Last year I bought a Lady DIOR patent leather purse (WYNN stores) in purple...the lady gave a hard sell by shoving 13 large wallets and a few small wallets in the purse and then asking me what exactly are you hauling in your purse.  With that I had no choice but to indulge and purchase this purse!This year (2010) I went into the store (Caesars Palace) to get something.  I met a very funny sales person named Jeff, who ever so nicely pointed out to me that I came in looking at sunglasses but had since added to that by pointing out several wallets with the quote " You started looking at sunglasses the rest of this is just you!"  Of course I had to ask if he could make me a deal on the sunglasses and the wallet (did I mention I had already been drinking, cause I know DIOR doesn't do deals).  To this Jeff said "I can't make you a deal on this stuff, if it was called JEFF I'd make you a great deal, but who wants a JEFF!"....again with that I was sold!  I walked out with the matching wallet to my purse in purple.The best part is that Jeff didn't sell me a bill of goods, he told me this wallet would fit beautifully fit in my purse (it did!), it would hold my cell phone (it did!), and my lip gloss (it did!), and my money ( again, it did!).
1	I recently came in here to buy a pair of shoes I had my eye on for a few months.  I visit Vegas on the regular because of family and always shop on my trips.Anyways, when I entered the store I was greeted by a women (very nice), and was later approached by Sergio who was helping me with sizes. After trying on multiple pairs and sizes of the shoe I wanted, he informed me that the shoe I wanted was not available in the color and size The pair I wanted (red Ms. Dior peep toes), were not available any place in the US.  After much debate I went back to get the same pair in black, at which time I was told that the shoe was not in the store but he could get it to the store from another boutique in 30 minutes.  I gave him my number, and asked him to text me when they arrived. I left feeling slightly disappointed, but happy with the same shoe in a different color. Later on I received a text saying that the shoe was on hold at City Center, and he was not clear on the store policy and it turned out he could not get the shoe to that store.  At this point I was highly annoyed and frustrated because I waited 20 minutes to find out I could have been on my way to the other store already.  I was on a huge time crunch (dinner and cirque show plans that evening), but hell or high water I was going to get those shoes.Here is where my story gets good!On the walk to city center, we cut through the bellagio to beat the heat, and I decided to check the Dior store on a whim for my red beauties!  Low and Behold, when I asked the sales women she said they did have them in BOTH black and red.  I told her what happened at the other store, and she was shocked I would have been told that.  Sadly, I was on a time crunch and would have bought two other pairs from the store I had seen that day (thanks Sergio), which would have been a sizable commission for any associate.Overall, I am completely horrified at my experience at Cesar's palace.  Maybe I didn't look like could afford Dior shoes, but I had surgery the day before and was looking for shoes to cheer me up, and who cares anyways, you should treat all of your customers with kindness regardless of what or how much they buy from you.  I will never come back to this store location again (see my great review for the Belliago location).  First, because I was lied to about the availability of an item,  made to wait for a shoe that was not able to be delivered, and then told to walk to the furthest casino with a Dior store to pick it up.  SHAME SHAME SHAME!
5	Quality Clothing + Best Customer Service = Dior Caesar's Palace!The collection of Dior Homme there is not a lot but I shop there because of their amazing customer service. I've been to Dior Homme of Rodeo Drive, Wynn, and City Center but the one in Caesar is still my favorite.My salesperson, Erica Miyagi, is super nice. If you are planning to shop there go to Erica. She is the best.If you think that customer service has a certain amount of limit then you should check that store and we'll change your mind.
1	I recently made my first purchase however being that this was the largest sum of money I had spent on an item for myself, let alone a luxury item, I went thru much debate over the purchase.  When I first walked in the boutique on a whim, I fell in love with the medium Lady Dior bag in a deep red lamb skin.  Having finally saved up enough money for the bag but hesitant to spend it on something I didn't really need at the time.  The sales associate that assisted me was Erica Miyagi.  She seemed very nice and patient with me as I contemplated the purchase.  I was then informed that this was the last bag of its kind in the US.  This was the last deep red lamb skin medium Lady Dior bag in existence it seemed.  I was told that Dior would be discontinuing lamb skin products as their current supply was depleted and that they would not be producing any more bags in the bolder colors such as red, purple or pink (anything bright).  As I was still not able to make a decision, I put the item on hold and was informed that they would be able to hold the item under my name for a weeks period of time.After a few days, I was 90% sure I wanted the bag especially if it was the last one out there.  I went back to the store to look at the bag again to secure my decision and was again told about the bags' rarity by a different sales associate as Erica was not in the store that day.  I finally decided screw it, it was my money and my birthday and I would treat myself and purchased the bag.Being that Dior has a 10-day return policy for un-used items, I let the bag sit in the dust bag in the box for the next 10-days as I further contemplated my purchase to make sure I would not "freak-out" and return it.  I was happy with my purchase and am very happy with the bag.However......Only a few weeks later as I was walking thru the esplanade at the Wynn, I walked past the Dior boutique there and low and behold what did I see out of the corner of my eye.... my supposedly 'extinct' to retail stores deep red medium Lady Dior bag.  I was in a hurry and was not able to stop in but I called the store later confirming that it was indeed the bag I had purchased only weeks ago.Now I completely understand that without that push I probably would have purchased the bag anyways but I am known for the ping-pong-ing in my head before I buy something and the more it costs, the longer the ping-pong-ing.  But to think that my decision was affected by a complete lie disgusts me.  I understand that at a luxury retail store, sales are extremely important as that's where your main income lies, in the commissions.  But I do not condone lying to guests just to make a sale.This is not the first post regarding someone being lied to so a sales agent can make a sale.  I would just be careful and do your research before making a purchase at this store.  Better yet, visit one of the other Dior stores on the strip and let someone else more deserving earn the commission.
1	It seems like I've always had bad luck with Dior. I ordered a pink new lock pouch from NY boutique , the bag arrived with a minor damage so I returned back to the boutique with no problem.I then ordered the exact same bag from Las Vegas boutique on May 9th , the bag arrived on May 15th . The bag did not came with a box , only a dust bag . (Manager explained to me the clutch does not come in a box, but the one from NY did ) Then on the right side of the bag had a dent and the without box issue seemed weird to me , so i returned the bag . I mailed out on may 18th , before mailing out I texted the SA that sold the bag to me . He disappeared !  Did not return any of my message!!!!!!!  I called about a week later  checking up on the process, another lady SA answered my call , she told me I cannot get a refund because it was pass the 10 day return period. I explained that the shipping take time, just like how when I ordered the bag on the 9th but didn't get it till the 15th !!  She told me she would talk with a manager and call me back, and guess what ? She disappeared too!I called the las vegas boutique this morning and luckily the manager answered the phone, I thought finally someone I could talk to. She told me she could not do a return ( because its rare) exchange only and if i want a store credit , it needs approval and it takes a long time. I explained to her that NY did a refund , she then gave me an attitude about how they" received on time" ( no , it was the exact same situation) "why can't you just get a new bag " I have NEVER EVER encountered this kind of poor customer service . Oh and guess what she said by the end ? " I will call you back "
