4	I'd been eying Total Wine since their grand opening in July, and even more excited to go once I read Brian S's review...I finally had a reason to go check it out - I was on a mission... a mission for Prickly Pear margarita ingredients!This store is much bigger than it appears on the outside.  I walked in and didn't know where to start - but after getting my bearings, I realized that each isle was well-marked and there were TW employees all around asking if I needed help.  I found my way to the tequila isle which happened to be the same isle as mixers, but no  Prickly Pear juice or tequila was to be found.  I asked an employee and she took me right to the closest product they had - Arizona High Spirits Prickly Pear Vodka.  Even better for me since I'm more a vodka drinker than tequila!Andrea (the employee that helped me) was extremely helpful and took another step to take me to the AZ High Spirits Prickly Pear Vodka website where they have several recipes listed to make specialty drinks.  Andrea also told me that TW does all kinds of tastings at the store, so I'll have to check those out sometime.I can't wait to try the Prickly Pear Vodka recipes soon.  More importantly, TW was a pleasant surprise and I will not hesitate to return for my beer, wine, and spirits needs!
5	Fantastic place to go for all of your imbibing needs.  This place could easily destroy BevMo in direct competition.  They stock absolutely everything.  Their people in each area are true experts.  I'm a beer fan, and they have great prices on keg beer.  The selection is superb.  Many of their items are sold at cost or very close to it.  The only complaint I could possibly lodge would be that they haven't built a store in Central Phoenix.  Yet?  Maybe?
4	Total Wine is just FUN!  If you enjoy your wine...or beer...or liquor, it's like being a kid in a candy store (a kid over the age of 21 of course).  They have the widest selection of wine of ANY store I have ever visited, and easily more than BevMo.  It's like the Willy Wonka Factory of wine stores.  To boot, their prices are awesome!  For example, a Cline Cashmere blend that I previously could only find locally at Cost Plus World Market was a full $4.00 cheaper at Total Wine vs. at Cost Plus.  I can spend some serious time walking the aisles of Total Wine.  They feature write-ups and the points of many wines, and also note "employee favorites" in each section.  I am thrilled that I can now get great prices locally on bottles that I have previously only been able to buy in-person during visits to wine country.  Also, their hard alcohol selection and pricing is simply fantastic -- and I love their large selection of "airplane size" bottles!  So fun and cute, in every alcohol variety you can imagine.  Oh and did I mention that they have free daily tastings?  One time there was even a tequila tasting in addition to the wines they were sampling.The only thing preventing me from giving them 5 stars is that I had to do a return there today because my purchase from last night rang up incorrectly.  When I informed them today that the only tag on the self was a different (less expensive) variety of the champagne that was adjacent to it, they became very defensive and argued with me about the possibility of that happening!  I easily let it go (although I know I was right!) and chalked it up to these people just really taking wine and their store seriously.  And there's nothing wrong with that!
5	I'll admit, I consider myself a beer snob.  I've had my favorite beer-buying locations throughout the Valley, but Total Wine has become my favorite all-around stop.The beer selection is great, one of the best in the Valley.  The staff in that section are typically very knowledgeable and make great recommendations.  But the most amazing feature(s) are the prices; by far the best prices on the best selection in town.  The prices and selection also follow suit in the liquor department, but I don't wander there very often.That said, the wine section frightens me.  I'm only beginning to appreciate wine and I've easily gotten lost among the many wine aisles.  I think I'll stick to smaller locations for my wine experiments.
4	Great beverage depot with a large selection of wines, beer and spirits.  We spent a good amount of time and money here this past weekend going to various dinner parties with friends around Phoenix. The layout is really easy to work and we found quite a few of our favorite wines at very reasonale prices, including the Bodega Norton Reserve Malbec 2006.  Not the 2005, but still a darn good wine! They carried some familiar Livermore Valley wines and we even took a chance on a Sav Blanc from Chile called Anekena.  At $8 a bottle it was tough to beat.  They offer wine tastings in the center of the store on the weekends too.
5	Unbelievable selection of wine and beer - and their prices are some of the best I've seen in the valley. Plus, the store itself is beautiful inside, and it's huge! And it's very shopper friendly, everything is merchandised very well and is in alphabetical order by varietal. Several times a month they host wine tastings (which I believe are complementary), so keep your eye out for those!
4	I used to love Bevmo, still like it, but my love affair with Bevmo was short lived.  I dropped her like a cheap prom date when Total Wine moved to town.  I love this store.  I will spend hours and hours there.  I have found some real bargins on hard to find wines.  Also I am a big Red-Blends guys.  Most places don't carry blends and if they do, they only carry a few.  Imagine my surprise when I found an entire aisle devoted to nothing but Red Blends.  Also nobody ever comments about this, but they have a pretty decent cigar humidor as well.  It's not great because it's pretty small. However I remember the last time I was in there I was thinking to myself, what impressed me was if I had only a limited space to display cigars in a humidor these are the brands I would carry.  The selecition is surprisingly good and the prices are great.  PS, ( I realize all wines are technically blends so if you are a professional wine sommelier don't be emailing and correcting me. You knew what I meant)
5	This is like the Home Depot and Costco of Wine and Spirits!!Do not visit here with the intention of leaving quickly - I assure you it will not happen.It starts at the door upon entering...SIGH....where you will be greeted by rows of bottles that invite you into their depths.I will say that I think that they not only have the best selection but also the best pricing I have seen.On my last visit I also noticed that they also have cigars - while I am not an aficianado (but I do enjoy the slow wafting aroma of a cigar)....if they stock their cigars like they do their wine...then we're all good!
5	Selection deserves five stars, the prices are great, the variety is great (I buy chocolate here! Also get water, styrofoam coolers, and juust about anything you can think of), the staff is more-or-less great, and the Twitter account (@Total_Wine), in addition to being generally awesome, can do stock checks for you!  I love this place.
5	I'm not a huge drinker, but I like this place.  It's huge inside!I like cider, but can't ever find it at the grocery store.  Here they have tons of different kinds of cider.  And the people who work here have always been super nice and talk to me about my beer while checking out.
3	While Total Wine's selection is absolutely unquestionably phenomenal, from wine to beer to liquor, I find it difficult to locate specific bottles of wine. For all you wine snobs out there who spent a semester abroad in France and are turning your noses up at me, I'll remind you that most of us who like wine aren't connoisseurs, and our average wine intelligence is what should be catered to. Now that I got that off my chest, let me comment on the service. At best, it is inconsistent. I'm in there a lot (A LOT!), and it's normal for me to walk in past three managers doing whoknowswhat without eye contact or a greeting. Then I walk alllll the way to the very back of the store to grab that choice little 6-pack I've been thinking about, passing two more employees, and not a word! Am I intruding?!? Should I come back at a better time? Perhaps when the economy isn't doing well and they really need my hard-earned discretionary income? Wait...they do need it. Anyway, then I am ambushed with a surprise hello as I turn the corner and end up dropping whatever was in my hands. I will say their prices overall are hard to beat and that is certainly why I tolerate their service. I have noticed a lot of price increases on things I buy regularly, like the Blue Moon 22oz bottle, which went from $1.89 when the store opened to $3.78! I simply don't buy it anymore. I know businesses are doing what they can to stay alive, but man, that's brutal. If I could do half-star ratings I'd give Total Wine a 3.5, but until their service improves across the board, they're just another warehouse liquor store with a great selection.
5	On average, the best prices and some of the best selection (beer, wine, and spirits) I have seen.  Also, knowledgeable, helpful, and non-pushy staff.  Very highly recommended for any booze-seeking Phoenician!
5	I swear I have a love hate relationship with this place. Everytime I go to just buy one bottle of wine, I end up with at least 4?!? Grrr But you can't help it. The prices are great and the wine is fabulous. Bevo Mo is ok but Total Wine rocks!!  Check out their prices on all the spirits, beers, etc. You will be amazed that's for sure.
5	Gotta love a liquor store with shopping carts!  Seriously, this place is perfect because it's so easy to find what you want and they have a ton of inventory - more than BevMo for sure.  The aisles are clearly marked with the type of wine, and they provide a description for each wine.  Employees provide their own elaborated descriptions if it's one of their favorites.  Staff not only asks if you need help, but asks specific questions in case you really do need help but are too self conscious to admit it.  If they're out of something, they're happy to see if it's in another place in the store.  The prices are lower than just about any store but Costco, and they have a very wide selection of very good wines in the $8 - $15 range.
5	Whoo~Hoo!  Selection: Check.  Inventory: Check.  Informative Staff: Check.  Under-cut Prices: Check.  HTF Bottles: Check.  This is my new candy store - yesssssssssssssssssssssssss
4	Great selection of wine and beer! Beats the heck out of Bevmo or any other liquor store I've been to. I have been back several times...a bottle of wine is becoming my token gift when attending parties or events. The wine is well organized and easy to find if you're looking for something specific. If you are not sure what you'd like, the staff is very helpful and the labels will spell out for you which wines are the most popular.
5	Where to start.  This place kicks so much ass! It has everything. Way better then BevMo. If your looking for a cheap price on a quanity of beer this is your place for sure. Everything is cheaper than if it was on sale at a grocery store. Big and small bottles of hard alcohol, beer, kegs, soda, mixers, wine,  hard to find unique bottels of wine all the gadgets you could ever think of. They have an aisle that has many assorted beers that you can create your own six pac or just buy one beer. I have tried so many beers from here I would have never known about.  All the people working there are knowledgeable and very friendly. I dont think Ill buy from anywhere else.
4	Total Wino, oops I mean Total Wine, is mecca for those of us who like to partake in alcoholic beverages from time to time.  They have a much better selection than BevMo and a friendlier staff that is very helpful when you are wandering the aisles with that overwhelmed, lost, wide-eyed blank expression on your face because there is just too much to look at.  Another reason I love this place is because they were the first place I have seen in the area that carries Leinenkugel beer.  Being a Minnesota girl, I was thrilled because Honey Weiss is a staple I only got to enjoy on my visits back home.  Now I can grab a six pack whenever I want!  Plus they carry their seasonal brews as well which are outstanding.    Thank you Total Wine for being located 3 miles from my home!
5	Im a sucker for great libations and the stores that can carry the works.. Zinfandel for me.. Magners for my boy.. ( a great Irish cider we fell in love with in SF)..great tequilas.. all types of wines.. you get my sniffster...
5	Simply said this is the best thing that has happened to my wallet.
5	Just moved from Southern Cal and didn't transport the booze so we needed to re-stock.  We found the perfect place, though completely overwhelmed by how much there was.  Ended up leaving with 6 bottles of wine, some Jack Daniels and root beer.  Picked out the wines by reading the descriptions.  See how that works for me.  Loved it, can't wait to go back.  Gotta get my drink on.
5	What can I say that everyone else has not already confirmed. This place is great!!!!Its always hard to fine Billecart-Salmon Champagne in the valley, especially at a good price.  Total wine was selling them at eighty seven a bottle, unbelievable!!!  Excellent selection of each wine category. Very nice staff, lines were moving at the checkout, five stars all around!!
5	Total Wine, oh my God, I love this place. The prices are very reasonable and the store has everything your little alcoholic heart could possibly desire. I'm not really one for cigars, but they do have a room filled with them for any cigar lovers. There are a lot of great beers here as well.
4	Yes, it has an extensive selection of wines (and 10 cent wine tasting), but they also have the widest selection of Scotch and Bourbon I have ever seen in one place, as well as an unbelievable number of beer choices. You can even make you own six-pack of beer.
5	great selection of import beers and cheap wine. Thats the main draw for us. Nice staff and in-store wine tastings. Often items are cheaper than the grocery store.
5	Extremely extensive selection and the best pricing!!!  This is my go to and I will drive out of my way to find a Total Wine.  Definitely worth it!!!
5	Word's cannot describe my love for Total Wine.  I used to think BevMo was the coolest place ever, but then I set foot into a Total Wine.  Their selection is HUGE.  I'm not a wine drinker, but I'd say about half the store is their wine selection, so I'd assume its pretty good.The hard alcohol section is where I frequent...and let me tell ya, if you can't find something that you like to drink here, there's no hope for you.  Soooo many different types of things that you will probably never see elsewhere.  You could spend hours just browsing here...and the friendly staff is always more than happy to offer suggestions.  The bonus to their amazing selection...their prices.  Their prices in my opinion are un-beatable.  Way cheaper than grocery stores, way cheaper than normal liquor stores, and way cheaper than BevMo.  To be honest, I have no idea how BevMo can stay in business with Total Wine around.  Pricing does change from time to time on things, and they always have specials on different stuff...but one that comes to mind was a 750mL bottle of 10-Cane Rum, for $19.00.  WHHHAT??  For those that aren't rum drinkers...10-Cane is a) delicious and I can drink it like water and b) is usually between $30-$40 at other places.  The beer selection is impressive too.  They sell individual bottles of nearly everything, and you can make your own six packs with whatever strikes your fancy for that evening.Love you Total Wine.
5	Best. Store. Ever.
5	They have the biggest collection of Alcoholic beverages at the least price in the entire world. B4 I went here I thought BevMo was the king of kings, but not anymore
5	Ok, I"m not saying I'm a wine-o or anything, but IF I were a wine-o, I'd be here all the time. Oh, yeah, I AM here all the time! Seriously, this is THE BEST liquor/wine/beer store in the Valley. The staff really knows their stuff, and consistently offers very good advice on wines that fit my palate. The only exception was one gentleman that told me that Cakebread doesn't sell their chardonnay retail (yes they do! They didn't used to, but they do now! Trust me! I DRINK it!). Excellent prices, excellent inventory, excellent EVERYTHING!Don't waste your time going anywhere else...this place has it all (except Cakebread Chardonnay...you'll have to go to Bev Mo for that).
3	Amazing stock of fine wine and even a ton of shitty cheap wines. That's the good.The bad is the service and the almost cadre of employees that stand around trying to look busy and important. They would rather comment to each other than ask a customer if they need help.It is true that if you want to find a bottle of wine quickly you are in the wrong place. It's tough to find them although there is a madness to their wine displays. It would have been easier if the two employees ( yes it took two of them) who were climbing a ladder asked to help a paying customer!Customer service and knowledge is lacking in this location.
5	What's to say that hasn't been said....this place ROCKS!  Bev-- what?Exactly.  BTW, I found my true love here.  Cheap and good.  Angeline Pinot Noir, the $15 bottle.  Un Effing Believable.  A weeknight staple in my mini cellar.  And a big thank you to the very knowledgeable employees who introduced me to it, and the cute Peter Sarsgaard lookalike who works there.  Sorry we never got to imbibe together.Cheers!
4	Great selection of wine, beer, & spirits here... though not quite as good as the GLendale location.  Single malt guy doesn't really know much either, so as long as you know what you're looking for then you should be set.  Parking can be tough sometimes, so daytime visits or visiting at the open is recommended.  Prices are simply the best in the Phoenix area.
4	Free tasting of Camarena tequila at the entrance.  Thanks for the introduction, it was pretty smooth.BTW, Does anyone recall the song Macarena?  The name is too close -  LOL!
4	Great Store! Great selection!
5	I could not be a happier camper today.I popped into the store in preparation for my river float experience, and picked up a few supplies. The selection of beer seems endless. Craft beers from all over the country/world. You can mix and match your bottles. In just about any size.The liquor selection is vast. I was able to find various brands of sweet tea vodka. Amazing.The wine department can speak for itself. I know nothing about wine, because I am not classy or fancy. I'm also more of a craft beer guy, but if wine is your thing, then THIS is your place.Staff knows their stuff here. Ask 'em anything. They know it all. Seriously. I even tested their cigar knowledge. Amazing.On this Friday evening, they had various vendors in the store sampling products: wine, beer, spirits. If you have friends who can't control their liquor consumption, or have hangups about booze, don't bring 'em here. They will probably just judge you. Bring your cool friends, but remember....drink responsibly.
5	My far and wide search for the rare and beloved Retsina has come to an end. This delicious greek wine is non-existent in my former home, New Orleans. I did consider the hope of retsina availability to be a relocation perk. Found! Not at Bevmo, Trader Joe's, Sprouts or anywhere else. ONLY Total Wine. In addition, it's Kourtaki Retsina. My favorite being it's the most tree sappy tasting of them all! You can't beat $7 a bottle. There is always friendly, floor staff available to help with specifics. They have a huge wine, beer and liquor selection for a great price! I felt kind of foolish in the "make your own six pack" aisle as I stood there for about thirty minutes drooling over every single brew but decisions were made. They carry some Abita brew to help with NOLA homesickness too! Plan to spend some time in this store and admire the selection. They were setting up for a tasting of some sort, but I had been in there long enough. Next time!If they are out of retsina it's probably because I took them all. Sorry!
5	Best alcoholic/cigar store out their, wish they had one in San Angelo. I've bought plenty of drinks from here for the best prices.
5	The best way to go Alcoholic. huge store you will turn alcoholic you will wanna try every single bottle in the store cuz you probably never hear of that brand before. the 6 pack beer are cheap example domestics beer 6 pack $4.99. and the and dont worry for those weird delicious beer you never seen before you can buy them in singles around $1 each and try them . this is the best place to go with a friend on a friday evening save money before hit the $$$ bar.
5	I love this place!  Disneyland for alcoholics!  This was my first Total Wine, but now I have one in my home state of Nevada.  Came back here to get Czechvar since they don't carry it at home, though, and was happy to pick up a 6-pack for 7.99 + tax.  Even better, I forgot to print my $1 off coupon and showed them the email, and the cashier instantly honored it without needing a manager.  Great customer service, great selection, great prices! (BevMo had Czechvar for $8.69+tax)
5	Don't let the name fool you - it has a wide selection of beers too.This place has the widest and best selection of booze.  The keg selection is excellent and there is a cigar section.We always get our beer from here for parties.  If you need to stock up come here!
3	It would get 5 stars if Sandbar patrons did not take all the parking spots. That is very annoying!! Last night I could not find a place to park, so I went to Albertsons to purchase my alcohol. Take notice Total Wine, you are losing customers!
5	This is such a great place!  You can find just about anything here and the staff is always willing to help or make suggestions.
4	I love total wine. Everything you need to make educated choices. I love the way they section everything and offer tastings and classes. There are a lot of places that you can get wine, like trader joes or bevmo, but what i like about total wine is that there is always an expert and a chance to learn more about wine, not just buy it.
5	With the liquor initiative passing in WA, It would be nice to have one of these stores near here. Last time I visited a few bottles of my fav, Laphroaig Single Malt, ended up in my trunk along with large bottles of Jim Beam Black and Gentleman Jacks...made the ride back to Seattle worth it (shhhhhh, don't tell anyone). Seriously, the selection is incredible and the prices are good, you can get the large bottles of just about any liquor for almost the same price as a fifth in Seattle. If you like wine, you must go there....selections are amazing!
4	I like booze.  Total Wine & More stocks a lot of booze.  I like Total Wine & More.The selection really is amazing.  There's nearly an infinite variety of wines, beers and spirits.  Total Wine also stocks a pretty decent amount of local craft brews and wines to pick from.  Plus, there's a neat selection of minibar size bottles of popular brands that I have not seen anywhere else.  The prices are pretty good, and unlike BevMo, you don't have a club you need to join to get Total Wine's lowest price.Total Wine also has wine and beer tastings, classes, and other events throughout the month.  It may be the big box store of alcohol, and I'm not sure how knowledgable the employees are about their product as they would be in a small wine shop, but the prices and selections are hard to beat.
5	Best prices and a huge selection. I love their single bottles of beer isle where you can mix and match your own 6-pack of beer. Some of my favorite beers I can only find here.
4	I like going to total wine to stock up my fridge with the best priced wine and beer around. Good luck trying to find your drinks for less someplace else. Forget BevMo and go to total wine, its worth the extra few miles if its out of your way. I'm definitely a fan and will only shop here when looking to replenish my stocks.
5	This place is amazing.  The selection is excellent.  This place is second only to Hi Times Wine Cellar in Costa Mesa California.  They have a great craft beer and wine selection.  They also have free wine tasting going most of the afternoon Friday through Sunday.  When I went they had some free tasting for some flavored vodkas as well.
5	My favorite place to get alcohol because  I never find things cheaper anywhere else.  They also have everything you could ever want.
5	There's not much to say about this store that hasn't already been said, but let's just say this is my favorite place to shop in all of Phoenix. I stop by here every Friday after work for one of their complimentary wine tastings. Total Wine has done so much to educate me on wine and help me discern what I like and why. Every weekend they offer a selection of 6 or 7 wines to taste, and on many weekends there are also tables set up to sample beer or liquor as well. It's nice to be able to try before you buy, and even nicer to discover new favorites along the way!The also hold (about once a month or so) a "Meet the Winemaker," where the actual winemaker comes to the store to pour their wines. While the Total Wine employees are always incredibly knowledgeable and friendly (and happy to offer recommendations based on your palette), there's just something fun about meeting the actual winemaker. I've found some of my all time favorite wines through the Meet the Maker tastings.In addition to ALL of that, they host more structured/detailed classes for a small cost. They choose a theme and teach you about French wines, or Oregon wines, or IPA beers. They teach you what to look for when tasting it, how to do it, and teach you a few things about the background/growing process of that particular beverage while sampling a selection.And while what made me fall in love with this store (and not just this location...the staff at all 3 Phoenix stores know me by name) was the education/sampling aspects (ok, and let's face it, the Cheers-style atmosphere...where everyone knows your name!), it's the selection and the prices that keep raving about them. Their selection is vast and impressive (and if they don't happen to have something, they most likely can order it for you). Their prices are always, I mean ALWAYS, less than anywhere else. Certainly far less than grocery stores or specialty stores, and nearly always even less than the deepest discounts/sale prices at the grocery stores. Even compared to the BevMo famous 5 cent sale, the regular price at Total Wine is cheaper on those same two bottles. This has literally become the ONLY place I buy wine, beer, or liquor and the only place I ever recommend to anyone else.
5	Seriously?  You had me at the extensive wine selection at amazing prices... but then, throw in a humidor with some great selections and I'm wishing we had these back in Massachusetts.
5	great selection, but the shopping center can get crowded at peak times.
5	I LOVE this place. Great selection of just about anything to drink as well as a walk in humidor with cigars if you wish. Several kegs sizes and flavors to choose if you are having a party. Their wine and liquor selection is too crazy and a must see. They even have all the food snack items that you need to put out while entertaining.I normally like to stock up with a trunk load of some of their fantastic Imported German and Dutch beers. This way I can avoid the poorly designed Desert Ridge vilely flawed parking lot as long as possible.Gets really busy during playoff seasons or holidays. Be patient while trying to get out of the complex and use your blinker and not the finger. Party ON!
4	Always a fun place to shop for Beer, Wine, Bourbon etc...Nice wine tasting - free small tastes as it should be. Always find something new.
5	Nice wine tasting event. Bought some new wines
5	great service, great selection, great prices. What's not to love?
5	Total WIne is like a hobby shop for alcoholics. I can find everything here including the hard to find RumChata.If you like good whiskey, they feature Midleton for thirty bucks less than other places.The wine and craft beer selection is enormous. Sometimes, I only visit to look at all the vintage Bordeaux wines I can't afford as I fantasize about tunneling from across the way and hiring drug mules to steal them blind. Especially all their Petrus.And with all that Petrus, I'd have a sweet girlfriend too, maybe Jennifer Aniston.And while I'm at it, I'd steal all their Cristal magnums as well. Then I'd ply Jen with the Cristal in the back of my F-150 and commence to motorboating her sweet hangers.Sometimes, Jen and I would drink it right out of her Jimmy Choo stilettos. Then we'd go downstairs into my dad's basement and play Frogger on our old arcade machine.I almost always beat her. She has no Frogger skills.Five stars for Mexican Xanax.Five for Fireball.Five for Total Wine.Five more for Jen. None if she happens to whoop me at Frogger.
4	GREAT selection of wines. Also surprisingly affordable. They also carry a lot of unique items/mixers. Cracks me up all the people that are tasting wines/beers like they area actually gonna buy. More like get buzzed for free! Reminds me of cost co grazers. "Hmmm this wine would be great for my wedding reception dinner... JK, peace out suckers!"
1	We travel a lot and Total Wine is always one of our first stops when we get where we are going. Every other Total Wine in all other locations, 5 star. I would give this one -5 if I could. Not only is it small, over crowded, dusty and has boxes in the aisles, there is no one to help you find anything in the crammed together mess, when you do find someone, they are clueless about their products. The registers always seem to have people training and thee trainers are often rude to the customer and downright mean to the trainees.  On one of our trips over Christmas my 70 year old husband was refused his purchase because he didn't take his wallet, just took some cash, and couldn't prove he was of age to purchase alcohol! I am dead serious! We travel to Scottsdale every few weeks to visit our kids, Fry's will be our soul provider of wine, beer and spirits from this last trip forward. By the way, the favorite all time Total Wine to date, St. Pete, FL.
4	This would be a five star place if it wasn't located in Desert Ridge, which is just a huge pain to drive in/out of and within the center.  Definitely don't go during rush hours (drive time and lunch time).Otherwise, the store is just really well stocked and the service is always helpful.  The Scotch expert always seems to be around when I'm shopping for Scotches and has really helpful advice and knowledge on most of the stock.  He's certainly helped them sell me more whisky, and helped me discover new stuff I like.Great beer selection too, and growler fills.
4	If you're looking for a day to go to a great liquor store followed by 15 minutes of road rage then this is your place.I love total wine. They carry pretty much anything you can imagine. Obviously great assortment of wine but tons of the hard stuff as well. They even get many hard to find craft brews. I also love the wine tastings which seem to be daily as they are having them pretty much very time I am in. The sips of wine really to quell the rage of the parking lot.I do occasionally find they have boxes and restocking carts in the isles which get a little crowded with the large shopping carts. Either get the boxes out of there or give us small carts!That being said. I will be back. Probably today. It's Friday after all.
5	This place is always great.  Awesome wine selection that has my wife always wanting to see whats new.  We wish they refrigerated more craft beer but they always have items in stock.  Customer service here is GREAT! Always helpful in finding certain items and a very clean store.
5	This place has just about every alcohol you can think of. We go here for their great wine selection. We've found wine cheaper here than in grocery stores but have also paid more for beer here too. But it's the place to go simply for selection. And the wine tasting station is fun too
5	After spending a week staring at bad beers at local places I took a drive to this place and felt right at home. Massive Wine/Beer selection guaranteed to impress anybody! Really hit the spot with some local stouts and others from around the country!
5	Way too many choices here and not much to complain about. If you walk through every aisle then you will see some unusual choices buried in the racks. I found Adult Smores and Adult Strawberry Milk and a pumpkin lager, which wasn't that good. It is supposedly the only lager made out pumpkin. Some of the Twisted Shot flavors are interesting and the array of whiskey choices is dizzying.
5	If you want a specialty brew or liquor they will have it. Along with your usual favorites. The prices are low. Only way you won't love this place is if you don't drink alcohol.
