3	This Mcdonalds is remarkably clean and has an excellent morning staff. The food is great and the coffee is a touch of above what used to be.The folks in the evening seem to have less care regarding the food though. Good customer service all around.
1	There has been multiple time have came here around the 3am hour and they have refuse to take my order due to "technical difficulties" then why are u even open 24hours?
2	Not sure what is up with this place, but it's been pretty poorly run for years.  Tonight the place was packed, the line for the counter was out the door, and 1 register was open.  Staff were tripping over one another back there, so it didn't appear to be a staffing issue.  The manager was filling fries...oblivious to the line.It's like this every time I come in here...3/29  So I just had to add to this post from a few weeks back, because I stopped here the other night on my way home from work.  It's only a mile from the house, otherwise I'd find another one.Anyway, I hit the drive through at 9:53PM, and after about a minute of silence I finally got the person working it to realize I was there.  I placed my order, and saw three cars in front of me.   While I was waiting for my food (chicken nuggets and fries) I entertained myself by watching the manager walking around the parking lot.  18 minutes later (yes, 18) I FINALLY got to the window and another couple of minutes later got my food.  For the amount of time this took, I could have killed, plucked, cut up and cooked the chicken myself!  I guess it was too much to hope for that I may actually have a pleasant experience here.
3	This store is almost equidistant from the other one I frequent. Always use the drive-thru. They are quick and I do not worry too much if I see a long line there. Food is mostly always hot and fresh.
1	Went thru drive thru they forgot my drink I went inside to get my drink I had to wait in line the girl at drive thru argued with Me and said She gave Me my drink like I was trying to steal a diet coke IDIOTS
1	WORST MCDONALDS EVER! 90% of the time they get your order wrong and sometimes at night they only accept cash... This place is poorly ran by a very rude manager who can't even get an order right when he takes it. He also wouldn't take the time to fix it. Do yourself a favor and take your business elsewhere!
