4	Multiple locations along the strip.  This one is located at the Hawaiian marketplace.  The concept is simple and clever.  2-3 large screens outside cycle through shows and offer discounted day-of tickets.  Be prepared for a $3-$6 service charge though.Go early for the best shows because they do sell out.
2	Wasn't really blown away by the prices or the selection. I read Yelp reviews later of other discount ticketing options and it seems that if you're resourceful, you can do better...
3	If you don't have hours to spend searching for deals online or don't benefit from student/military/loca/hotel discounts, this is probably is the best option for you.I saw three shows, Lion King, MJ Cirque and Viva Elvis.  I only used Tix4Tonight on Elvis and the Titanic Exhibit, because those were the only ones worth it.  Don't believe the people in line trying to tell you what to do.  They didn't bother me so much probably because I was by myself, could see through my sunglasses that I was rolling my eyes when they were telling the foreign tourists what to see... and perhaps thought I was local.Also, check Goldstar first.
4	Don't believe those who say you need to get there early.  We showed up at 2:30 p.m. and waited in line for all of 5 minutes before we got our vouchers for Cirque's Mystere.  The whole transaction took maybe 10 minutes.  We got two category 2 tickets to Mystere for $150.  Definitely not half off like they claim, which is why I'm knocking a star, but otherwise still a decent deal.The way they work is you purchase vouchers from Tix 4 Tonight and then you redeem your voucher at the actual box office of your show to reserve seats.  You do want to reserve your seats as soon as possible to ensure you have a decent seat at the show.  We ended up getting to the box office at about 4:00 p.m. for our 9:30 p.m. show and got third row seats on the side of the stage.  I prefer front seating, but Mystere's stage is a rotating stage, so the seats were not bad at all.  We still had a great view, especially being three rows back.Would I purchase from Tix 4 Tonight again?  Maybe.  It kind of all depends.  I honestly think if you're going to a Cirque show, you should sign up on their website for free to their Cirque Club and they frequently have pretty decent deals.  They actually currently have a promo for $65 tickets, which would have been cheaper than Tix 4 Tonight, but were sold out the night we went.  I also prefer to choose my seats when I pay, so that's a factor to be considered.Overall, very pleased with the service we received and still got a pretty good deal!
1	I fell in love with Tix when I first used them in NYC about 1.5years ago. Tix in Vegas is a far cry from the experience that I had with TIx in other cities. Tix in vegas has long slow moving lines. The lines in NYC is alway long but it is moving fast. The problem with Tix in Vegas is that they try to upsell you with other deals when you are next in line as well as at the counter. They actually hold me at the line even though there is an empty counter for me. I'm not sure why but Tix in Vegas doesn't allow you to confirm your seating unlike those in NYC. I had to go to the box office in the show location to confirm the seats. Another downside is that people who buys from Tix gets lousy seats in vegas. I came to know this as when i was told by the staff at the box office that the only seats available for me are limited even though the section that i had paid for is less than half filled.This didn't happened to me when I brought show tickets in other cities The actual discount was BS. It was less than the advertised 40% off. Tix on Vegas  sure makes more profit by taking in majority of the discounted prices as their profit. Your odds at the black table is definitely better than buying good discounted tickets from Tix Vegas.
3	This was my first time using this service. They have a handful of locations along the strip. Somehow, though, I thought it would be cheaper. I was expecting huge savings and didn't get that. I really only had a $20 discount per ticket. Not only that. I thought that if you purchase tickets at this stand, you were all set, not so. We still had to walk down to the casino to their box office to pick up our actual tickets. We also never got to see a seating chart or choose our seats. I guess you get what you get, although we were happy with our seats. I'm not sure I would use them again or not. I suppose even a few bucks off is something.
5	They have many Tix4Less booths around the strip and in Vegas. They staff here friendly and won't hustle you to buy tickets since they're only getting paid hourly. They have a variety and shows and restaurants on sale only for the shows the day and are only allowed a certain amount of tickets to sell. I bought tickets to the Titanic Exhibit which was a very good deal that was worth every penny. I also watched Hypnotic at Planet Hollywood and wasn't impressed at all and I was glad I didn't pay full price!I would come back early because some of the good shows get sold out after one hour from opening. If you save your ticket, you can skip the long line by showing your old Tix4Tonite ticket and just go to the elite line.
5	Wait.  Your job is to just save me money on amazing shows and things to do in Vegas? All you naysayers - this is an automatic 5 stars in my book.  There's a bunch of these littered throughout the strip.  We already had great advanced purchased tickets for KA Cirque, but chose this Tix 4 Tonight booth to see the BODIES exhibit.  It was super hot, but the line was quick enough and the chick who facilitated it chatted up every single person that was next.  Both she and the woman who actually rung us up were so genuinely enthusiastic and crazy informational/helpful for other things involving and not involving the exhibit, they deserve 5 stars on their own, too.P.S.  Buy something here, bring your receipts and such, you automatically get to go to a faster, VIP kind of line the next day.  We didn't get to use this perk since we bought our tix here on our last day in Sin City.
3	I would buy tickets here again. It really was much cheaper. The only draw back is that you have to wait in line and then you have to go to the venue and chose your seats. But, the money saved is worth it. Just do it early in the day so you aren't exhausted from walking around all day.
4	Pick up some great deals on tickets and dinners in Las Vegas!Due note that during peak hours, the line could take up to an hour. Come early in the AM to find the best seats for the best shows!Don't get suckered into the "$25 express line" deal. They're basically offering you a 1-year pass to cut the line by paying $25.IN the summer, the heat kills, so make sure you have sunblock on, shades and a hat!I'm coming back everytime I need to go see a show!
4	If you have no particular show that you want to see.... COME TO TIX4TONIGHT booth!! They have DISCOUNT tickets for variety shows!! They open at 10am. Come early to avoid long line. Not all the shows are HALF OFF price but still nice to receive 20-30% off.They don't assign the seat numbers so you have to bring their tickets to the theater and exchange for the official tickets. FIRST COME FIRST SERVE!! The earlier you exchange the tickets, the better seats you can choose.
4	Saved me a lot of money, and conveniently located in city center...I am only giving them a 4 star because she told me that the crab legs would be steamed at the Spice Market, but they were cold :( But I will definitely be back!!!
5	Excellent service and great discount prices.   The Circus Circus location manager Jaime and ticket sales person Dominic were super helpful and nice.  Will definitely recommend buying show tickets from them.  I got tickets for multiple shows for my family of 4 because of the amazingly low prices.  :)Great Job Guys!!!
