4	This is a great corner nail shop. I am by no means a mani-pedi expert, but they do a good job - some of the girls do a great job - if you want Angela, who I think does the best job, you might call and reserve her - but most of the others are good, too. I typically do a pedicure and they last 3-4 wks. Lots of colors to choose from, though no essie polish which is my fave. I bring my own or go french. Its very clean, and not too busy if you go during the day in the week. We even did a family day there once - not on purpose, but my daughter and I had mani-pedis as a treat for my bday, and then my husband and son were out and stopped by to say hi to us, and they got pedi's too! was a hoot!
4	I was pretty impressed with this place. Their customer service was excellent. They greeted me and my girlfriend right away and put us in chairs with hot suds and gave us ice cold water while we waited for them to finish the people before us. They hand you a price sheet, which is really nice when they don't speak English, you pick your service and there are no surprises at the end. We both got mani-pedis, for $28 bucks, pretty good price. The best part was they didn't hurt me! I hate when you get a ped and they attack your cuticles or try to slough off your alive skin cells from your feet. I would recommend this place to anyone. They don't have the best selection of colors though so if you want something special bring your own.
5	Looove this place! Got a full set and pedicure on seperate occasions and both were amazing and inexpensive as well. Staff is very friendly which is a total plus! Definitely is going to be my nail place from here on out!
3	Tried based on yelp.  It was ok, there were only 3 people working so we were there for about 2 hours total...had full set, pedi, and brow wax.  The pedi was just ok, the "massage" was mainly just her rubbing the top of my calf, and they just let the nails air dry instead of putting them under the uv light.  The guy that did my nails kinda hurt them when he scraped the excess color, and they don't have that many colors to choose from.  The other person was right about the brow waxing, it did hurt still kinda does.  But she did a great job, still would be better if they put something on right after.  So far like it the best out of places I have tried on the east side.AND they don't hassle you for "upgrades" and have reasonable prices
1	I am totally baffled why this place gets such good reviews. I have been there a few times because it's close to my work and I received some gift certificates for my birthday. Unfortunately after the last experience, I can't go back.  Although they are very nice and have great prices, I have to reveal the ugly truth: 1. They don't put any effort into sanitizing the tools or the pedicure bowl. I actually saw them clean the brushes and tools in the water I was soaking my feet in and then just rinse out the bowl after they were done... not spray, soap, nothing!2. Reason #1 probably explains why my heals cracked so severely after my pedicure that they began to bleed.  I had to use peroxide, neosprin, and bandages for almost a week to get it heal. 3. They water down their nail polish... so much that it destroys the bond and polish never actually dries. I hate to bash a business with good customer service, but these practices are simply unacceptable.  I obviously won't be back. =(
1	I tried XO Nails because it was so close to my house, but the disgustingly dirty floors should have been my first indication that it wouldn't be the best manicure I'd ever recieve.I asked for the gel nails and they barely cleaned up my cuticles and used the same tools they used on a client before me. They were extremely sloppy with the polish and didn't clean up the excess gel surrounding my nails. This is a pet peeve, especially with gels because of how it dries. Three days later, the polish is already peeling off...unlike other salons I've been to where my gels stay on for 2-3 weeks.Needless to say, I'm never going back.
4	I'm looking for a new nail place so I thought I'd try out all the nail places in the area and review them for fun! This place does look a little dingy from the outside and when you first walk in, but it's really not that bad. Their selection of colors is somewhat limited. Their chairs are really comfy with lots of cool massage settings. The water was cold but they fixed it when I asked. I got a full acrylic set and pedicure. The customer service was through the roof! They offered me glitter tips or stars on my nails for free! They were very careful to ask if everything was to my liking along the way. And they stayed until well after closing to fit me in last minute.  The pedicure included some sort of tropical sugar scrub, nail shaping and care, a hot lotion and oil treatment with a loooong, lovely massage, and color for $18! The full set was standard but included a gel topcoat for $23! The lady who did my toes at first was meticulous but then halfway through a guy replaced her and he was more hurried. I don't think he even put a base or top coat on, but I didn't push the issue.  The lady who did my nails did hurt me a tiny bit but not any more than average.
1	This shop is so close to my home so I thought I would give this place a try. I will not return. I went today and when I sat down for a manicure, I noticed the floor was filthy and the one technician working there did not even use a clean towel. I was the only person in the shop. I do not know how they stay in business. Will be looking for another nail shop to try.
3	Went in to get a mani-pedi, came out with gel nails and very relaxed feet! Nail technician asked if I wanted a gel manicure, I said, no, one of my nails is too short, she said she could fix that, so I said ok. she put a tip on the short nail and I promptly had 10 pretty fingers. I think the only reason we go for pedicures is the massage. Not only did I get a great massage, their massage chairs took care of my lower back while my feet were getting treated.  I usually don't make appointments, I just walk in and so far I've only had to wait maybe 15 minutes to get service started. I recommend.
5	I really like this place. The new owner Jasmine is very attentive and her work is fantastic. I'm not a big fan of fake nails, but her gel manicure it's like a hand makeover. She uses high quality products too. The salon is always clean and I always feel welcome when I come here. Great location! Highly recommend.
5	First time visiting XO and I have to say what a beautiful and clean shop plus Jasmine does an amazing, fast, job on gel nails and she has an awesome personality. Just found my new favorite place! Plus the gel manicure is cheap compared to other places in Tempe and much better quality of gel polish then what I have experienced in awhile. Thanks again Jasmine!
5	I love this place. Just found it. It's clean and the girl there is Sooo quick and friendly. It's taken me forever to find a good nail place around here but I think I've found it! She's great at waxing too!
1	Really disappointed with this place. I was so excited to have a nail salon right around the corner but when they had me in & out of my appointment in 30 minutes, I figured something had to be missed. My 'manicure' consisted of her removing my polish, shoving my cuticles back and putting on gel polish that was stuck to my skin on more than one nail. Had the nail tech paid a little attention to what she was doing rather than having a conversation with the tech next to her, maybe they wouldn't have this negative review.
1	Worst manicure EVER!!! I'm completely in awe that people actually gave this place good reviews. The salon is terribly dirty, the polishes are super old, and the service sucks. Ladies save your money. I wish I had..
5	BEST SHOP EVER!!! I have been getting my nails done for YEARS, & I really enjoy fun different designs. I have ALWAYS  the Job Jasmine has done. If I show her a design she is able to replicate it, also if I don't like something she is more than willing to fix it without giving me a hard time about it. She is good on all her prices and does an outstanding job. I live in Phx and still travel to see her because she is THE BEST!! Any bad reviews are from previous owners that were there, and yes they sucked, but I'm glad I went bk after it changed hands!
2	I just came from here and I wish  read the negative reveiews.   Service is a joke.  The lady who sat me down asked what color I wanted. I wanted "white" (but more of a shell color I pointed to)  Then a man comes up and asks me what color I want. Of course I said "white" and he begins to paint my nails. The lady who originally asked me what color is sitting next to him helping another customer. (Why ask me if you'll be with another customer??) After he's finished with painting my nails she realizes that he is painting my nails white-out white and starts yelling at him. I told her it was okay, because honestly I didn't care. I would've stopped him if I did.  Either way, It was kind of a cold atmosphere the best thing about my experience was that Sharknado was on their tv.  (Yea - that was the best thing!) Besides getting gel polish, I could've had a friend do it for about $20 cheaper.  Not going here again. I'm going back to Nicole at Riposa Salon.
5	I love getting my full set here. Jasmine its amazing at what she does and my nails are always looking good. She can do almost any design cheaply. My favorite acrylic nail shop
