1	AVOID, terrible customer service, took the family through the drive thru and when we got home had the complete wrong order.  I know, I should have checked the order but we were the only people there, LOL, which makes it that much worse!!!!!
5	Everything was GREAT!!!I love the origional recipe fried chicken and biscuits!
1	I have been very disappointed in this KFC. The service is lousy, the employees do not have a good customer service standard. My orders are consistently wrong. After my last bad experience I wrote them an email and they didn't even respond.
2	OMG, are their ANY competent fast food places anymore? Two customers in the restaurant around 3pm'ish and THREE people behind the front counter with 4 more in the back kitchen area. No lie, it took these guys almost 9 minutes to put 10 pcs of chicken in a bucket and hand it to me! With my to-go order, no condiments, utensils, plates, napkins...nothing. And they want to raise the minimum wage??? Really?
3	I'm not a fan of fast food, in fact it grosses me out, but I need something to eat immediately. So I ordered the Chicken Little - Small crunchy chicken breast with some mayo, a couple pickles, and lettuce. It was actually really good. I was surprised. Good quick snack.
3	After i walked past the homeless guy sitting outside the door eating chicken and entered This KFC i noticed it was Really small but neat and up to date. The service was prompt and the food came on time. Our server was nice, Really nice i almost wanted to leave him a tip. In the middle of my meal another homeless guy walked in and his trash bag full of his stuff ripped open and spilled all over the floor,  The nice server grabbed a mop and cleaned up whatever had spilled. Besides that it was a good experience at KFC
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. KFC offers coupons on a Retail app for or phones, but come to find out, you have to print the coupon to use it. If the app is for our phones and we use when we are out, how would we print it. Also, the fact that no where on the coupon or adp does it say it needed to be printed. The manager Mitzy was very rude and laughed at me when I questioned it. I will never walk into another KFC again and I caution everyone from going somewhere that the manager laughs at you and doesn't care.
3	Well we all know KFC is known for "Finger Licking Good" but we may not always have known them for quality service. This location is in the Spectrum Mall Parking Lot that offers dine in, carry out and drive thru. I frequently visit this location to pick up lunch for the office. I have only used the drive thru once which was a quick nice experience the other times I did carry out. The interior is nice and the location is well kept with cleanliness but I have been disappointed in getting wrong orders or there not being enough chicken. The staff is very friendly and acknowledge/greet everyone who walks through the door. They great about honoring coupons and ringing in orders. Matter of fact they repeat the orders so it throws me off when my orders are wrong. My very last experience was during lunch right at 11:15am. I ordered grilled only Chicken for the office and there was not enough which was strange since I was only ordering 10 pieces. The friendly cashier told me the wait would be 20 mins so I decided to wait. He offered me a drink for my wait. Well I declined his offer even though that was a kind gesture. After playing the waiting game it took 40 mins for my chicken to be ready. Not sure why or how this would have taken so long but it did. The food was good which kept the office happy though they really need to get the service part down when it comes to the food. Once they take care of this I see more stars added to their ratings.
3	Food was great. Service was terrible. The employee in charge of the drive thru today was very rude. Sounded very unfriendly while taking order. When we got to the window, she shoved the food to us and shut the window. No words whatsoever.
1	Oh crap. They got virtually every order wrong the whole time we were here. No exaggeration. I dont know what they are like other days, but today, May 5 2014 between 5pm and 5:40pm - they had no idea what they are doing. Not just ours but SEVERAL customers' orders. They gave us fries we didn't order. They said there were NO BISCUITS so they offered us some other sides... we got the extra sides AND the biscuits.We ordered chicken fried steak with NO gravy... but they put gravy in it and when we complained, they just took it back but no one offered to make what we actually ordered. We had to instruct them what to do. We didn't see any managers try to fix things. This employee named JONATHAN was totally and utterly clueless. Please KFC, you can do better than this.
