5	If you love the following, please get into your car NOW and head directly to Donut Hut on DI at Mojave.1--Freshly made donuts at all hours (except 5-7pm when they close briefly to use the bathroom and eat) in many varieties, including but not limited to maple bars, original glazed, chocolate with chocolate chip, Bavarian cream-filled, bear claws, etc. for $0.35 and up.2--Delicious French crullers on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.3--Excellent service that only a locally owned business can give you.  He WILL remember your name and donut preferences, make suggestions, tell you what is freshest, and throw in FREE goodies on a regular basis (my baker's dozen usually ends up being a baker's dozen and a couple cousins).4--PATRIOTISM!  The owner takes a photo with Metro's motorcycle cops yearly in his army uniform and displays them on the walls of his humble hut.5--Getting something delicious with the spare change in your cup holder.  Sadly...they are a cash only business.6--Five gallon buckets for $10.00.  I don't know why, it just IS.Donut Hut is really what donuts and coffee are all about.  Forget the franchised crap--do yourself a favor and buy yourself some donuts made with a little love and a lot a flavor.  If you don't appreciate any of the aforementioned, you can travel a mile in any direction and spend $10.00 at Starbucks on a pastry and beverage.
5	from Carl & Terrythese are the best donuts in Las Vegas!!!When you write a review sadly it's because you had a bad experience;NOT THE CASE HERE!!!!Oh My god!!these are the best donuts in Las Vegas!!!the quality of his donuts are  FIVE STARSRambo has the ;Best Donuts hands down...forget Krispy Creme,Winchells,Yum Yum.. ectHe also is the kindest store owner I have seen in town;he genuinely cares for his customers , you might say hemakes you feel special.Be warned taste his donuts and you will be coming  back for more!
5	The proprietor's name is Sote ("SO-tay").  He has... personality.  I started going to the Donut Hut about 15 years ago, typically in the hours between 2 and 4 am.  A group of friends and I would stumble in, and would point at the donuts that looked good.  Sote would acknowledge each of our selections with his trademark "And?"  A typical interaction would go something like this:"Hi, let me get a bearclaw." "And?""And, ummm... okay, a cruller.""Ehhhh.... cruller!  Annnnd?""And? Ummm... well, how about a blueberry.""Ehhhh.... blueberry.  I give you extra because you do what I say."So yeah, Sote is a little crazy.  But he's awesome, as are his donuts.I eventually moved out of town.  There was a period of a few years where I had not visited the Donut Hut.  In that time, I had cut my my hair (which used to be down to the middle of my back) to a relatively short length.  Sote still remembered me by name.  That guy is the man.
5	As the other reviews say -- great cheap donuts, all hours, charmingly eccentric proprietor.  But I don't think the other reviews adequately emphasized the absolute surreal kookiness of the place.  Imagine this: 3am, seedy strip mall on east side of Vegas, you want a donut so you ring the buzzer (for after-hours security).  Inside, it's all about dingy linoleum, molded plastic chairs and styrofoam dinnerware.  The wood paneling on the walls is barely visible due to the dozens of oversized photos of Sote (the owner) in various patriotic bad-ass soldier-of-fortune get-ups, posing with police, servicemen and other Real American Heroes (TM).  Come to find out, he was a freedom fighter from Cambodia, and now takes his U.S. pride to the xxxtreme!  I get the distinct impression that if some half-witted no-goodnik even TRIED robbing Sote's humble establishment, Sote would go completely apeshit kamikaze on his ass!  And that would be an awesome sight to behold.n.b. The donuts are good, but pretty much standard fare for a decent donut shop in my opinion.  It's all about the atmo here!!
5	After eating way too many bland, uninteresting Dunkin' Donuts in Las Vegas, I forgot how -awesome- Donut Hut is! I haden't been into it for at least 5 years, as I don't live nearby like I used to. So, after work this week, I trekked on over to this gem of a place.It's the only REAL donut shop in Vegas that's truly 24/7, aside from Donut Time on Charleston/Lamb. At 11pm, you can get a very good selection of things, all super-fresh. I imagine that at 3 or 4am, it's even better! Sote is a very cool owner, lots of personality and charm to him. But, as nice as he is, he's a HELL of a donut man!Sote makes fantastic maple bars, raised chocolate glazed, and flavorful cinnamon crumb donuts. Weekends is French crullers.It's a cash-only business, but there are multiple banks with ATM's nearby. (Wells Fargo being one) He's the real deal, and the product is worth going out of my way for, especially at odd hours.Yes, a dozen seem to always get a few freebie donuts thrown in!
5	maple cake, blueberry cake, fresh crullers, everything, favorite donuts-- though i believe it has egg, so i try not to eat them too often. donut hut is perfect for late-night munchies, if you are into that sort of thing.
5	I'm amazed that I am dishing out another 5 star review for donuts: everyone in Vegas knows about the well deserved Ronald's hype but there's one better. That place is Donut Hut, beloved by locals and anyone looking for late night. Yes, they are open overnight! All the good stuff comes out around 10 or 11 pm or even later, maybe because that's all there is: good stuff! As soon as we walked in there was a lady behind the counter to welcome us and said immediately afterwards: "Wait one minute, fresh dounts coming out now. " I got a chance to look over the walls filled with photographs and the already delicious looking donuts that were out. Then out comes Mr. Donut Man with a tray full of FRESH and HOT blueberry cake donuts. What a lucky donut experience. We ordered a dozen donuts for $7. The glazed raised donut was still good the next day, which doesn't happen often. We ordered a few assorted cake donuts and 3 of the blueberry cake ones which were amazing. The best fresh cake donut I have had, soft on the inside, not sickeningly sweet, with a light crunch on the outside. The raised donuts were also great (definitely in Ronald's Donuts caliber) and a real winner for me because its is closer and works better with my night owl hours. If you are looking for a great neighborhood mom and pop fresh donut shop this is one of the only ones in Vegas. Delicious.
5	8 Reviews so far for Donut Hut and all are 5 stars. I'm certainly not about to ruin the streak! I went in on a Friday, and as Misti Y. noted, they were serving Cruellers. This may have been the best crueller I've ever had. It was almost slightly undercooked, giving it a milder, slightly custard like texture. Bliss. I'm actually salivating as I write this! I had a couple other cake donuts and found the icing to be, well, the icing on the cake (I think there's a pun in there somewhere)! The owner has been making donuts for 25 years (19 years in this location) and it shows. He also likes brandishing his AR-15s while taking yearly photos with his local law enforcement patrons. Donuts and guns. Besides beer, what more do you need? The seating arrangements are veneered with orange Formica. I've noticed that, at least in Las Vegas, this is usually an indicator of good donuts! Donut Huts pricing schedule is a little higher than some of his competitors but I don't mind spending an extra buck. About $7 gets you the basic dozen, but many of your favorites including twists, bars, filleds, and cruellers are an up charge.
5	Sheer perfection! Best in town. Every donut is has a beautiful crisp exterior and moist goodness inside. Say bye to the dry. Stand amazed with the glazed. The Cruller is the ruler. The cake ain't fake. Succumb to the cinamon crum. The fritters are number one hitters. Ronald needs to stick to burgers.
4	Dammit. I could have sworn someone already stepped to the plate and gave DH their first non-five-star review. Looks like it got filtered. Oh well. Here's mine.Honestly, my initial reaction was just A-OK. I was there at 9pm about a month ago. My donut of choice is usually a custard-filled and I was surprised that they didn't have any considering they open at 8pm. I ended up going with something similar - a cream cheese filled donut. That's new. I don't think I've ever seen one of those before. It was pretty good, but it couldn't overcome my disappointment.After that visit, I found out that my cousin's BF is the son of DH's owner. Weird coincidence. I was at his house last weekend to watch UFC 126 and he had a box of DH donuts. So after trying one more donut, I'm going with four stars. When you compare DH to some of the uninspiring creations from some of the chains, combined with the fact that they are a Mom & Pop with strange overnight hours, they are definitely worthy of some love.By the way, I guess they used to be open 24 hours back when the sons helped out at the store. When they moved on to their own jobs, they decided to close during the hours that were historically the slowest.Also, as another reviewer pointed out, there is a certain time when all the good stuff comes out. The other reviewer says 10-11pm, but Chris (the owner's son) says mornings are best - around 8am or so. Not that their selection at all times of the night is anything to sneeze at.If the place wasn't so damn far from me, I'd head back down there and see if I can get my freakin' custard-filled! (Assuming they make them).
5	We spotted the orange DONUT HUT sign while driving on DI...you can't miss it. I'm glad that we do have great Mom & Pop donut shops in Las Vegas with character and DH is the clear cut winner of this category with their pictures that are on their walls. You walk into DH and right away you see their big donut case staring at you, displaying their doughy treats like Tiffany's displaying diamonds. And they do look like diamonds to me! Then I see all these pictures on the walls of soldiers, police officers, parades and they are all taken with the owner in army fatigues holding a machine gun. To all you hoodlums heres a tip- THINK TWICE BEFORE PICKING THIS DONUT SHOP! Apparently, DH is very popular with the LV Metro and war vets. And sure enough while sitting down eating our donuts, who pops in a couple of Las Vegas Finest. They walk in and everyone in there was on a 1st name basis with the policemen. Hopefully I will get to meet the owner to find out what the story is with all the soldier and police pictures. I ordered a bunch of donuts...a dozen to go and couple extra to eat in the store with the kids. The woman behind the counter was really nice and threw in about 3-4 extra donuts. I sat down with a maple glazed donut, my kids had chocolate glaze and a twist glazed donut. I took a bite out of my donut and their was this nice crisp outer layer. The maple was nice and not overpowering and the donut nice and fluffy. I thought "wow this is good!" But I thought it was just that batch, so I took a bite out of the kids donuts and the same crispy layer was in every bite. I would like to say that, I'm not a big chocolate donut eater, but they were frickn good. Nice sweetness to the choco glaze with the fluffy donut was a ONO combo. Even when we got home, my wife said she loved the crisp skin layer. It reminded her of some LA donut shops. Actually, all the donuts we bit into from DH had that nice crunch before you get to the fluffy doughnut. Every bite was euphoric. Yes, it was.The price was standard...cheap! and that's how we like it. It's a great donut in a cool donut shop. If you want to forgo your New Year's resolution to lose weight, let me tell you that Donut Hut is the place to break your promise. Guilty pleasures for sure!!
5	People are very nice and the selection looks and tastes great. The apple fritters rock. Whenever the wife and I want donuts this is where we come. Living right around the corner from this place is both a good and bad thing.
5	Nothing like getting off the night shift, eating a humongous apple fritter and slumbering the day away! donut hut is my fav place for donuts. They used to be open 24 hours but I'm not sure what their hours are now. Best items? Apple Fritters- the soft fluffy kind, not the dark crunchy species, large and covered with a thin sweet glaze- divine Blueberry Cake Donuts - my husband used to drive out to get these babies warm, soft, light soooo good Cream cheese filled? they're round with s creamy sweet filling not quite a custard kinda like sweet cream cheese... awesome!Cash only!!
5	Bought 3 dozen today for the office, instead of Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme or the others.Service - Excellent. You want to be taken care of by a real nice and tough guy. You got it here.Ambiance - Terrible strip mall, but the store, due to it's owners have a lot of personality.Donuts - To die for.  The apple fritters are freaking so moist and amazing.Hey, the entire office ate them up and many of them are on diets.Check this place out, it is a real nice place and the guy is a real kick. I am coming back and buying more from this place for friends.By the way bring cash.  That is the only currency here.Go for it!
5	Finally made it back in here after being away for 2 years. I feel like Family she still remembered me. The donuts still taste like i remember them. Now only if they would open up a location in Colorado. The Dozen i ordered didnt last a day on the counter at my familys house. Yummly In the Tummly.
5	Uh-mazing! We drove into vegas at midnight and had a craving and the donuts were so fresh and good in the middle of the night. I'm going back every time I hit vegas. Unreal good, best donuts ever!
1	DONT TRUST POSTED HOURS! I'm sure the donuts are as awesome as everyone says, but I have no idea because they were closed. 4am and I was bored so I decided to check out the donut hut. GPS says that I drove 17.8 miles just to find a dark closed shop with no posted hours but huge letters painted on the window proclaiming that they're open 7days - thanks that's helpful. I killed a couple hours and drove by again at 6am - still dark, no one in the back prepping for the morning donut rush. So I guess they just make up their own hours? I might try again another day, but I'm not doing a 40mi round trip again w out calling first. Boo!Maybe they had too much fun at Electric Daisy... never know
4	Out at 3am so we gave donut hut another try (after calling to make sure they were open). Owner was adorable and a total character. Sad that we missed the French cruellers, but we got a dozen assorted and a couple apple fritters. He threw in a couple chocolate glazed for free because he said we hadn't ordered any. Lol. We tried a piece of each - favs were the coconut cake, sour cream, apple fritter and the original glazed. All were good but I don't think any were that different from krispy kreme. The owner and the shop are unique, but the donuts themselves didnt stand out as much as people claimed. Donut hut is suoer cheap and I love to support local businesses, but because of the distance I'd likely only return if I was in the area or had a late nite craving.
5	Best crullers ever! So light and fluffy I'm in heaven. Crullers are my fav donut and these are the best I've had.
4	I came in around 1am on a weeknight.  The selection was decent.  I got a glazed raised and a chocolate bar.  They were soft and fluffy enough (especially the chocolate bar, which was delish), but I'd like to come back when they first open and see how the fresh ones taste.For my initial experience, I can't complain.  Four stars from me.
5	After getting increasingly frustrated in my quest for a fresh, hot donut in the greater Las Vegas area, I came back to this place.  I got here as soon as it opened, in the off-chance that the donuts JUST came out of the fryer.  I was told no, but they would serve up a new batch around midnight.  However, I was told they only stay hot for a few minutes anyway, so I'd have to get there RIGHT on time if I wanted to enjoy it burning in my mouth.  After seeing the initial disappointment in my face, they told me something rather obvious, that had never occurred to me before.  I ordered up a chocolate and glazed raised, and they offered to pop it in the microwave for a few seconds...Fluffy clouds.
4	Had the chocolate iced donut & glazed...simple choices but well done Donut Hut, well done.  I wish I lived near more donut shops..:(
1	Thinking.. that if I went at 810am they would have fresh donuts, but apparently the ones that I got were not. I rather go down the street to Master Donuts. The lady working on the counter thought I was trying to rip her off.  I was counting the money in front of her, if i was trying to I would have just toss a bunch of coins on the counter and left.
4	Very good donuts & definitely worth the drive over here. Glazed and apple fritters are very good even late in the morning after the AM rush. I do wish they would make hot ham & cheese croissants, but it is called Donut Hut and donuts are what they sell. Had to fight the Metro Cops to get up to the counter (LOL) but the gal working there acknowledged my entrance with a good morning and friendly smile. Not quite as good as my fav donut store back in my old hometown but definitely the best donut store I have tried here in LV. Will be back.
4	I have found out during certain days that they do make ham & cheese croissants. Yummy.....
4	I think about this place whenever the weekends come. They have the best French crullers I have ever had, but are only made on the weekends.  The hours are annoying because it's only open late and early morning and not in the middle of the day,.... but if you're a doughnut fan like myself.. definitely worth the visit and the wait for the weekend to roll over. The man that works there is somewhat impatient so order quickly! ha!
4	This is a great place for overnighters such as myself!  It is open all night to the next morning!
4	Ladies and Gentlemen, this is my spot!!all the donuts are great but what i look forward to are the weekends or like thurs thru sunday. i get the french crullers, all flavors are great. You will find yourself craving for these crullers during the week and wish it was the weekend already, no joke. I m easliy disappointed with donuts from other places after coming here. I wouldn't be surprised if i eventually became the duke up in the place. be on the lookout
5	Excellent donuts!! I get tired of the donut chains so I am always looking for little mom & pop donut shops in towns we visit. We were recently in Las Vegas on the east side of town and did a Google search for best donuts in LV and this shop showed up and was quite close to us. Very good donuts, very good selection, very fresh and friendly gentleman running the place. Excellent price for their donuts also.
3	I hate to do it but I have to be honest based on MY experience of the place. I had been dying to try this place ever since I saw the awesome and tasty reviews on Yelp. And maybe that is my problem, maybe my expectations were SOOOO HIGH because of the reviews.Either way, I have ate at several donut shops in town and this donut shop lacked luster and taste for me.We went to the shop a little after 7pm and good thing, because I thought they were open at 6pm but it looks like they have changed their hours. When we went it was 7pm, but I believe it might even be 8pm now.We were greeted by a friendly man and he was very helpful. He asked if I had been there before and because I had not, he gave us a couple of extra donuts.We tried the cinnamon rolls, apple fritters, glazed, custard filled chocolate covered and a couple others I can't even remember now. Cinnamon roll was too crispy and not enough flavor. For me a good cinnamon roll should have a nice bite because of the outside but be soft and have a good chew on the inside, especially when I get to the middle. The middle is supposed to be the best part but I was deeply saddened when eating this because I did not get that happy feeling at all. Apple fritter was a huge disappointment too. However, I was greatly surprised by the custard filled donut. These are not my favorite at all but upon eating it I had wished that was all we got. They were soft, slightly sweet but not too sweet and delicious.  Only because of this donut do they get 3 stars, if it had not been for this donut I would have given only 2 stars.Also, I was hugely disappointed because they had no french crullers even though we had visited during the weekend, when they are only available.Obviously, I didn't have the freshest donuts and maybe I would go back if I knew exactly when they made their donuts so I could give them another shot but with other donut shops in town, I don't think it would worth it for me.Also I thought they were a little pricey for a mom and pop donut shop. Sorry Donut Hut. I was not a fan.
4	I love their cake donuts , they have the best cake donuts in town. The blueberry and crumb donuts are great if you are lucky enough to  catch um when they first come out even better The glaze donuts are pretty good but not the best in town for me. Apple fritters are pretty good also, lots of apple pieces. I have been back a few times and always happy I did.
5	Heaven!  This place is awesome.  The shop is nothing fancy but the donuts are delicious.  We came here around 2am.  The owner is very nice.  We got blueberry cake, apple fritters, regular sugar donuts and raspberry filled.  They were all delicious.  They don't skimp on the jelly in the raspberry filled.  The blueberry cake was my favorite.  I will definitely be a repeat customer!
5	On the hunt for good donuts, after reviewing several, my husband and I decided to take a chance and try Donut Hut, there's a catch, it's 10 o'clock at night, so don't know how fresh things will be, but we decided to try it anyway.As we walked in, the owner was putting several trays loaded with donuts on the shelves, our mouths began to drool, and our eyes got bigger than our stomachs, we were fighting over which dozen we'd get. After several agonizing moments, the selections were made and we left with our box and began stuffing our mouths with the best donuts, we couldn't wait to get home. The blueberry cake was so soft and moist, almost like a muffin, but a little crisp on the outside.  There are several big chunks of apple in the apple fritter and the creme filed was Bavarian, one of my favorites.  There is a huge selection, very fresh, even after hours, but bring cash, they accept no credit cards.
4	Cambodian Rambo?  Check.Throwback  70's atmosphere? Check.Awesome donuts? CHECK!!!!Late night donut craving led me to Donut Hut's Eastside stripmall.  It's a bit of a trek but they're OPEN ALL NIGHT.  Yes, while Krispy Kreme is sleeping, Donut Hut is banging out some really tasty 'nuts.  They got ya apple fritters, old-fashioneds, crullers, glazed, and caked donuts.  And they're made by Cambodian Rambo.  Don't believe me?  Check out the photographic proof covering the store's walls.  Yeah, I wouldn't screw with this dude.Old-fashioned and cruller were my favorites of the bunch. They had the perfect crisp exterior and moisty interior goodness. $7.50 (cash only) for a dozen.  A little more if you're getting fritters, cream-filled, etc.
5	These are the best cake donuts on the planet. Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. We used to live down the street and Donut Hut is definitely one the the things we miss about Las Vegas! Worth a trip off the strip to get taste these yummy delights. But don't wait too long especially on Saturday or Sunday they will be sold out!. Its one of the first places we visit when we go. Family owned and operated and Rambo is a veteran so go get some yummy donuts and support our veterans at the same time! Also a great late night snack after a late night of partying!
5	No lies here.  Best Apple Fritter I have ever had.  My wife concurs and she doesn't like donuts.  Owner was very friendly and threw in a free donut when I bought a dozen!
4	My quest for the ultimate donut in Vegas continues. This time I visited the Donut Hut, another highly regarded establishment in the Yelp community. Will this take the throne of Ronald's? We shall see.A small shop located on the east side of Vegas, it's on Desert Inn and Mojave, between Pecos-Mcleod and the 515. I've never actually driven on this road before. It's so old school, it's like driving through a time warp! The hours are great, Tues-Sun 7:30 pm to 1 pm; it's great for late night snacks, and morning breakfast (I think the guy changes the hours regularly, so, don't hold me to those hours)The donuts here are more of your traditional variety. I decided to pick up three to go.- Apple Fritter : It was crisp, and soft in the middle. It doesn't have as much apple flavor as the one at Ronald's. Plus, the one at Donut Hut is smaller than the one at Ronald's. But otherwise, it was very tasty.Glazed donut - well made glazed donut. Soft, but not doughy. Not too sweet, which is good. Cruller - first time trying a cruller. Choux dough shaped in a fluted ring, then fried. Light and airy, not too sweet. It was solid.I paid 3.85 for all three, and I got a really good value for what I paid. Does this beat out Ronald's? No. It is a great option for those living out east, or those who want a late night donut.BTW, when you enter the store, you will see pictures of policemen all over the wall. The owner told me why.. policemen are the best judges of a good donut. LMAO
5	Blueberry cake donuts are the best.  Stick one in the microwave mmmmmmm
5	The apple fritters and the French crullers are great.  I mean, really, really great.
5	What a hidden gem! That's open 24 hours!I have no idea where the sudden craving for donuts came from, but I did know I had to stop that somehow or I'd go crazy. Enter Donut Hut.Small, nondescript place in the middle of a strip mall. I had to search just a tiny bit to find it, but you can bet I won't ever forget where it is from now on!Lots and lots and lots of yummy donut goodness. When you get tired of the cranked out sugar coated other donut place, the one that makes a tidy profit off your cravings, head to this family owned business and taste homemade goodness and support local at the same time. WIN!I had everything! Cake, apple fritters, glazed, chocolate covered...I was seriously on sugar overload. But everything was SO fresh. And the donuts just had a satisfying density that didn't feel like it came off a conveyor belt. They tasted GOOD. Like, really good. Good good. I'm so happy to have found this place. I didn't know what to expect and I certainly didn't think these donuts would blow my mind, but they did, they did. I'm a fan!
5	Amazing to find the best donuts I have ever tasted right around the corner from my house.  Cruellers are Addictive!!
4	Just adding on to the rave.  If it wasn't so far from where I live, I'd be here more often (it's probably a good thing they're far lol).  Came here sometime in the afternoon one weekday.  The asian man behind the counter is a character.  The french crullers are the best I've ever had (I don't even like french crullers--I'm more of a jelly donut girl, myself).  I ordered a dozen; keep in mind, the crullers go out fast.  He threw in some donut holes.  Nice guy.  I spent about $13.  As everyone has stated, carry cash, y'all! Definitely give this place a shot... Pink Box Donuts (in Summerlin, sorry if you're a fan) has nothing on Donut Hut!
5	The donuts are pretty dam good I must say I stop in twice while I was in Vegas ! The little knock I have is the old man expected a tip. I normally tip any way but this guy is driving A brand-new Mercedes ML 350! Shit I think he should have tip me lol! But all jokes aside check this place out they are the real deal
5	Blueberry Donuts!!! I thought that I'd never find anyone that comes close to M&M's infamous blueberry donuts.  But guess what?  Donut Hut located off Desert Inn on the east side of town has blueberry donuts that are as good as it gets.  Even better...you don't have to travel all the way to Anaheim and wait 45 minutes in line to get one.  Here at the Donut Hut, their blueberry donuts are ready, fresh, and are for real.  Their blueberry donuts are crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside, which is the perfect texture for a blueberry donut.  Don't expect a plain donut with candy coated blueberry flavor here.  You get the real thing with real blueberries.  Trust me, one of the best blueberry donuts that I've ever had. I also tried their French Cruller, which is only served on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday's.  Still pretty good, but I'm still thinking about them blueberry donuts. My review doesn't stop here.  The owner, Sothy Seang, is dubbed the Cambodian Rambo. My gf sent me this link about Seang and fellow Yelper Nik O also posted this on Yelp Talk.  http://www.vegasinc.com/business/2013/dec/06/donut-rambo-cambodian-refugee-finds-success-friend/?_ga=1.243919811.754996307.1382033796Seang is one incredible man.  He treated us like royalty, served us some great donuts, and even took the time to chat with us.  Read his story.  Incredible...his donuts are too.But don't take my word for it, give Donut Hut a try.  One things for sure...I know I will be here on cheat days.    Blueberry Donuts: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Gsy6gfZRucdppjbvCd1f_w&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQBlueberry Donuts (inside): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=weFOrV-FdV_nfoyt6c6w_A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQFrench Crullers: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=xSIkHOFFz3l6mYNyD84yWQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQTIPS:-Yes, they appreciate them.-Opens at 8 PM to 11:15 AM.  Not a typo, 11:15 AM. -Clean donut shop-Inexpensive...cash only!-Blueberry Donuts!!YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (496/500)
5	MORE THAN JUST DONUTS...Sothy Seang, the owner of Donut Hut on the east side of town, is living the American dream.  An immigrant who came to America in search of a better life, like millions of others have done before him, Mr. Seang's story is a fascinating one that has been documented in a recent feature by vegasinc.com (thanks for the tip, Nik O.): http://www.vegasinc.com/business/2013/dec/06/donut-rambo-cambodian-refugee-finds-success-friend/?_ga=1.243919811.754996307.1382033796A bookmark for a while now as I aim to visit every donut shop in Vegas, the boyfriend and I paid a visit to the hut on a recent Saturday night around 8:30pm.  The Cambodian Rambo was there behind the counter and we greeted him like a long lost friend; after all, we had the advantage of knowing his life story from the article.  The shop is decorated with pictures of Mr. Seang with local law enforcement, his biggest fans, and rightly so, with his donuts and patriotism winning them over years ago. A friendly and humble man, we congratulated him on the feature article and he asked us how to find the story on his smartphone since he was still trying to figure out how to use it.  In exchange, he served up some of his delicious donuts.  I went with my usual crumb and coconut cake donuts, while the b/f had a blueberry donut and a French cruller.  I sampled his blueberry donut, which was still warm, and if that wasn't the best blueberry donut ever!  I don't normally have that flavor, but Donut Hut's version has won my heart, or stomach.  Actually, I'd have to say both.  It's difficult to come away from meeting the man behind the donuts, knowing how he survived the horrors of Pol Pot's regime, fought in the resistance, lived in a refugee camp, made his way to Las Vegas, and ultimately took ownership of this little donut shop and not feel like his donuts are something special.  It's just my opinion, but I will gladly return here to buy more donuts from a man like this and support his business with pleasure, as I try to do with other local donut shops similarly run by Asian immigrants such as Mr. Seang who probably have fascinating stories to tell, as well.  The donuts are great, but Mr. Seang is amazing.  I would encourage anyone who likes donuts to stop by and give Donut Hut a try and meet its fabulous owner.PS:  Both the crumb donut and coconut cake donut were delicious, as well.*CASH ONLY*
5	The best donuts ever!My wife and I are a bit of donut snobs, and we can't get enough of these!Looking for just a good ol' fashioned donut?  This is the place to go!  Both the cake and yeast dough are very good quality.My only caution is the raspberry jelly donuts... the raspberry is very bland.  Other than that, I've not had a single bad donut in this place.
3	Items experienced:  Blueberry Cake, Strawberry Cake, Chocolate Cake, Bavarian, Coconut Cake, Glazed Twist, Raised Glazed, Cruller, Apple Fritter, Maple Cake, Crumb Cake, Chocolate RaisedThe last of the novel contenders on the first Las Vegas Donut Crawl, Donut Hut would prove to be a middle-of-the-pack sort of experience with a few definite "go to" options starring amongst an otherwise mundane cast of dry cake donuts and chewy yeasted selections bolstered by quality glazes.  Focusing on what worked as nothing was particularly 'bad' the only two things one truly needs to know here are the words Blueberry Cake and (on the weekend only) Cruller, the former on par with the warm version for which folks wait hours at Orange County's "M +M" and the later a truly remarkable rendition of something infrequently seen and even less frequently well-made, in this case a perfect fried ring of pate a choux with a custard soft center beneath gentle crunch more than worth  getting out of bed early for.
4	Very tasty donuts! Wish I had one in my hand right now.
1	This was my favorite donut place until I saw the owner kill a cockroach on the donut tray wash off only that part  of the tray and then acted as if  nothing happen.  I did buy the donuts but I couldn't eat them. So I went back about an hour and he did allow me to return the donuts but he put them right back out to sell on that same tray. I do feel bad because he is a very kind man.
5	The owner and wife are just delightful. Third time there this week. We used our kids as an excuse but it's actually us parents that want it! Raise donut stay fresh even 2 days later. So fluffy! I've never been a big fan of cake donut until now! Their blueberry donut is perfect! Just enough crunch in the outside and super moist in the inside.
5	LOVE this place! The owners are always super nice and the donuts are so soft and fluffy!
4	I came here around 4 am craving some donuts. I got a dozen for about $8. These donuts have a homemade taste to it like no where else. My favourite is the blueberry and the french crueller. They were all good. The lady who gathers the donuts for you speaks horrible english so its hard to understand her and just make sure she puts the correct donuts u ordered. The old man(owner) hooked me up with 2 free glazed donuts which was really nice of him. If u like donuts you should definitely check out this place. There hours of operation are a bit weird. Its open from 7pm-11am.
5	I've been looking all over the place for moist donuts and I found them here!! I love everything chocolate that they sell! So delicious! A must try place
5	I've been going to this place for over 20 years and the owner always recognizes me and greets me warmly. BEST BLUEBERRY CAKE donuts I've ever had and I know my way around a donut or two.
5	I know why the French Crullers are so damn good...they are made with real Choux pastry, imported from France!
5	Amazing donuts!  Call me boring, but these are the best plain cake donuts I've ever had, and all the reviews about the krullers were right, oh so good!  Will be going back again and again. However, it used to be open 24/7 and now it's only open late at night, but still it's a great stop on the way home from a show or night out.
5	I have been coming here for years ! I love this place ! Amazing food ! I absolutely love everything about it ! It's like home !
4	I was staying on the strip but wanted to take the 10-15 minute drive to see Sothy for myself and try his donuts. When I got there, he and his GF were nice and friendly. He suggested the apple fritter and I took that AND the blueberry donut. Apple fritter was warm (must have just come out not too long ago)....heaven. Blueberry donut had good blueberry flavor. While I was there, many different customers from different walks of life came in - he knew them, must be regulars. Even the local firemen came in to get their dozen. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular too!I wouldn't go there just for the coffee - it's okay.
5	Bought 2 dozen on a Tuesday morning and most of them were still warm. Very flavorful and tasty. If you are looking for the classics and the basics, this is the spot. I am over candied bacon, maple, cereal, fudge donuts....on top of that, the personality of the owner is great. ANDDDDDDD....hahaha. (oh and check out the walls)
5	Perfect donuts! I got the apple fritter, the maple long john, some twisty glazed donut and a chocolate glazed cake donut.  They were all fresh and didn't taste like they'd been sitting out all day (like some donut shops that shall remain nameless).  They were moist and frosted just right (not too much, not too little).The lady in the shop was very friendly and even threw in a couple extra donuts!  Ladies and gents, it doesn't get any better than free!  This place is going to be the place I go for donuts whenever I'm in Vegas, which is quite often.As a side note, the pictures of the policemen on the wall are a pretty good indicator that the LVPD loves this place, and cops know their donuts so you can't get a better endorsement than that!  Eat at the Donut Hut, you won't be sorry!
5	I was in yesterday morning and brought a few of the different donuts.  The blueberry donut is everything that has been written about it.  I had to have been the BEST blueberry donut that I ever had.  I also brought a jelly donut and it was full of jelly, unlike other donut shops to only put a half of a teaspoon of jelly in the donut. What is weird or good is that they open at 7:00 PM at night and are opened until 11:00 am.  So if your on the way home from work and want something sweet, this is the place for you.
5	Yummy donuts! They still have a good selection after the morning rush. You buy 1 dozen & they just fill the box up!
5	This was my second real donut experience in Vegas. The first was, well, Real Donuts. So that's what I'm comparing everything to.I actually went to Donut Hut twice this weekend. First, I rolled in here when I had to abort my first choice of breakfast. Considering that it probably would have been a load of sugar, dough, and fat anyway, I don't think my stomach missed out on much. Owner was nice and discounted me a few cents to make my purchase an even dollar amount.Second time was a late-night visit close to 1am, and I was surprised yet not surprised to find out that they buzz you in when you ring the bell. I guess their run-ins with crime that I read about in an article have led them to be cautious, which is fine by me. They hadn't replenished all their donuts yet, but some of the options were definitely not in the display the last time.I didn't feel up to ordering an entire dozen on either occasion, so I just went a la carte:- Blueberry cake donut ($0.90): really moist inside, with absolutely delicious blueberry dough and dried blueberries. Bit of a crisp on the outside. I somehow had never tried blueberry donuts until I tried this and the blueberry fritter of Real Donuts, and both of them really impress me.- Chocolate cruller ($1.20): a weekend-only treat. It definitely resembles a cream puff, and the inside is very airy with moist batter. Not enough to make me wait for the weekend, but better than how I remembered my Real Donuts cruller.- Cinnamon roll ($1.75): semi-monstrous. I expected it to be dry for some reason, but it just wasn't. Solid cinnamon flavor, nice crumble topping, and restrained glazing.- Raspberry jelly-filled donut ($1.20): very good as well, but it's only a reasonable portion of jelly compared to the huge treasure inside the Real Donuts version. Little bit larger than normal donuts.- Old-fashioned ($0.90): chocolate was fantastic. It was like the cake donut, but with more crunch. Plain glazed was pretty good too.- Maple raised donut ($0.90): surprisingly, also cake-y, instead of the typical "normal" donut texture that you might find in an offering from a chain or a grocery store.- Apple fritter ($1.75): another monster. Good apple and cinnamon flavor, but not as much of a crispy exterior as I would have liked. To be fair, I waited a couple of days on this one, and I'm sure the fresh fritters are better.Hours are a little odd, currently 8pm through 11:15am. Also, they won't be open on Mondays until October 13th. However, I will definitely be back when I can, and I really appreciate how it's a closer drive for me than the other purveyor of blueberry goodness that I've come across so far.
3	After visiting Sam's Town, I made a short detour down Desert Inn Road in order to pick up a pair of blueberry cake donuts at this modest bakery.  As I waited for the owner to bag my donuts, I noticed the photos posted on all the walls and realized I had once read a story about the owner who has been nicknamed the Cambodian Rambo.  The donuts were indeed cake like and there was a desirable undertone of blueberry flavoring.
