4	I'm sure, just like me, you've driven by Desert Stages Theatre hundreds of times... well guess what?  It's time to check it out!  I did last night!My aunt and uncle had tickets to go see the show "Barefoot in the Park" and I decided to join them.  Luckily, there were still tickets available, and they were not too expensive either!  The show we saw was in the intimate (60 seat) Actor's Cafe.  (There is also a larger, in-the-round, main theatre that is great for children and currently showing there is Cinderella).Before I tell you about the show itself, I must tell you what a pleasure it was to drive up at 7pm, park in the adjacent parking lot, pick up my ticket at will call, and walk right in... easy, smooth process - it was great!  Since the seating is first-come, first serve, the doors open around 7 so I advise getting there early.  Luckily my Aunt and Uncle were in line already when I arrived and we chose comfy seats... (not that there is really a bad seat in the house, but if you want seats together, etc... go early!)  Now... on to the show - it's a romantic comedy about a newlywed couple that moves into a tiny little apartment together - the problem is, it's a climb up 5 flights of stairs!  The couple, Paul & Corie, play their roles really well and the other characters including Corie's mom, Mr. Velasco (the upstairs neighbor), and the telephone delivery guy are awesome too.  I don't want to say too much, other than tell you that we had plenty of laughs; with a tiny little stage and a 5 person cast, i was entertained the entire time... Produced by Neil Simon, this show explores the thin line between love and hate!  I was told that the story line came from a movie in the '70s, supposedly Robert Redford and Jane Fonda starred in it.  I'll have to rent it now!A few other comments: - I didn't have to wait in line for the bathroom and I went twice!  (it was clean too!)- I didn't have to wait in line for concessions at intermission and the markup was small... only $1 for a bottle of water!- friendly people everywhere including after the show when the cast greets you as you leave...I'll for sure be back to Desert Stages for upcoming productions - if you like intimate theatre, go check it out!  This specific show is playing through July 6th!
5	Have been to many productions here and just saw Oklahoma.A Wonderful Experience at a Value price that cannot be topped.A Great local Asset!
5	I started taking my now 3 year old son to Desert Stages Theatre when he was 18 months old and the first play we saw there was Seussical.  The theatre is a "in the round" theatre which means the actors come in from all 4 corners of the theatre and it's very interactive.Well, my son at 18 months was completely mesmerized by the play, the customes, the singing, and the acting.When he turned 3, I took him for an audition for Peter Pan.  He was selected as a pirate and was he ever excited!!He loves being in the play and as a parent, I have been completely impressed by the level of professionalism of the actors and how they look out for one another.  There is absolutely nothing less than glowing reviews I can write about this place both from being in the audience and now behind the scenes.And did I mention ticket prices for the Children's Theatre is only $12/ticket?  LOVE this place and highly recommend to anyone with small children!
5	Awesome! Great for kids and adults...wonderful shows, wonderfully performed, by a talented and gifted cast. Have been part of the cast, crew and audience; all are terrific here. You can't go wrong with Desert Stages.
5	Time flies by fast as they say and it's totally true.  My son is now 4 and he's in his 3rd play at Desert Stages Theatre.  For his second play, he was in Cinderalla played ensemble and a butler.  Now he is in Charlotte's Web playing ensemble and a photographer.By now, I know that DST is a perfectly safe and nurturing place to leave my son.  I don't worry at all when I drop him off for play practice.  I know that the actors there are responsible and will look out for the smaller and younger actors.The actors are kids and there are the occasional hiccups but majority of the time, the actors are mature and simply amazing.  All good kids going to good schools and here at DST because they want to be there, not because the parents are dragging them there.The parents that I've met there are dedicated parents who make it work despite their tremendously busy schedule.  They are warm and loving and truly care about their kids.  There are quite a few families who call DST their second home.  That in itself tells you what a great place this is for your kid(s).  Parents and kids alike give back quite a bit to the theatre because throughout the years, they've felt DST and Laurie have given much to them.Audrey Johnson, the parent coordinator, is always so on top of things, it really makes things so much easier for the rest of us.As Andrew is 4 and DST is the only theatre where we've done plays so I don't have much to compare with but I feel blessed that this is our first theatre experience because it's been so wonderful. Truly, the performances are a joy to watch but if you are ever thinking of getting your little one into a play, DST is a fabulous place for your little one!
4	Just saw my first production at Desert Stages, The Miracle Worker, and I was totally impressed.  The theatre is adorable, the crew friendly.  The production was excellent -- the actors, the direction -- the whole thing a wonderful experience.  To anyone who has ever driven by and didn't know what Desert Stages is all about, please try it -- you'll be hooked!
4	So I'm sure like most guys this is not a place you would want to spend a Friday or Saturday night at a theater..... But it was date-night with the Girl and I saw there was Hairspray showing at this theater. Once again not how i want to spend a weekend night but I know my GF and she loooooves that musical. So being the good guy I am I got tickets.     I was expecting to go and sleep through the show and call it a night......however once the lights went down and the show started I was blown away! The cast was awesome there were no mess ups and everyone was on key. I really enjoyed myself, everyone was enthusiastic and professional the guy playing the mother was fantastic and it was all around a great time. I am for sure going to make this a date-night staple from now on..... Hope they bring the Producers soon.
4	I have been here twice and I have really enjoyed myself both times. I like the comfy chairs and the intimate stage. The performances have all been excellent. It is a great for a date after dinner. They even have plays just for kids. It really is a family friendly place.
5	My love with DST continues.  My son is now 5 and in his fourth play at DST.  This time he plays Asst to Drake and Asst Police Officer in Annie Jr. and has two lines to say, "Call him!" and "Yes sir!"  The amazing part of all this is watching him develop as an actor and also his love for theatre.  Since he is 5, I don't put any pressure on him when it comes to "learning his lines" and play practices and it touches me that despite the rigorous play practice schedule, he never says he doesn't want to go to practice.  In fact, he looks forward to it.  He's there because he wants to be there.And it surprises me when he comes home and tells me things like "we are going off script next week" and life skills like "even when you forget what you are suppose to do, don't stop, just keep going", "smile when the audience is watching you", "show up on time." And it surprises me even more when he starts singing the songs memorized from attending play practices and reciting complete scenes playing the different characters.The best part though is that I know he's old enough now and DST is a completely safe environment  that I just drop him off at the backstage door and I no longer go in with him for play practices.  It's like a rite of passage that he's growing up.Speaking of rites of passages, I've observed other actors who stuttered or were very shy when I met them 2 years ago stuttering less and becoming less shy.  It just touches me that there is a nuturing place like the DST for the children to come.Not to mention the directors are always amazing and wonderful.  For each of his plays, my son has worked with a different director and each time, I am blown away and completely impressed at the maturity and vision of the directors.  The cast is big because they want to give as many children as possible the opportunity to be in a play and every time, by the time tech week is over, the play is entertaining and professional.This time, the director was Angela Kreiss and she was just unbelievably fantastic.  Annie Jr. is a fabulous play to watch for both adults and children.You can't go wrong whether you are thinking of getting your child into theatre or want to watch a play by coming to DST . . . have I mentioned how great I think this place is??
5	Yes, before you ask, I still love Desert Stages Theatre, perhaps more than ever.  This is Andrew's fifth play there and this time he plays the Knave in Alice in Wonderland.Normally, we don't ask for a specific role but the director of Annie Jr. thought he would be cute as the Dormouse as he popped up from the table so that's what we asked for this time during audition.And we anxiously waited for the casting to be posted.  When the casting was posted, he did not get the requested part and as a mom and a parent, I was glad.Why you may ask?  Because to me as a mom and a parent, it's very important to teach my son the importance of handling success with graciousness and moving through disappointments with a positive attitude.  When he asked why he didn't get the part, I told him in simple words that the director had a vision of what the whole play should be like and she saw Andrew in the role of Knave and that was his special role.  I also told him that it doesn't matter what role you get, if you play it with all you got and go out there and perform with your heart as there are no small parts, you will capture the audience's attention and that will be your moment.He listened with a typical 5 year old attitude and became very excited about being the Knave.  And I was also excited for him because this time around, he had 2 long lines to memorize and speak!With each review, I've written about how Andrew has grown through DST and here I've included a video where you can see him growing aware of theatre and performance:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsG07sMlZ5s&feature=related.  This time around, he started asking me if he was a main character, starting to understand the structure of a performance.  It was great to see his awareness growing.  I highly recommend bringing your own child to audition for a play here.  It will be an amazing experience!!Really, DST is about the kids.  Trusting the kids to do their part and giving them responsibilities.  Once the curtain lifts, the kids are responsible for THEIR performance and for each other.  It's fantastic to see the kids have their moments on stage, being responsible for moving and arranging the set, take care of the tech, go from loose energy backstage to fanstatic actors on stage.  It's all fabulous.If you have doubts of what kids can do, go to a show at Desert Stages Theatre and be amazed.  Truly, if you believe in your kids, as DST shows again and again, your kids will shine and raise above your expectations!
5	My twins enjoyed the Summer Camp Jr. last year so much that they keep asking when they can go back.  So I will definitely be sending my 6 yo twins this Summer for the full day.  The theater experience is fun and engaging for all ages.  Can't wait for their next show!
5	This place is awesome. I just saw High School Musical here, that Coach Bolton should win a Tony...In all seriousness my daughter got into theatre here and has had a wonderful time. Great Children's theatre. Once you do a couple shows here, you know everyone and it's like family. My daughter and wife have made some great friendships here. Wonderful asset for the community.Has adult shows also.
4	Went last night for Sunset Boulevard the cast, and theater was great  I would recommend to anyone who enjoys going live theater.Check their upcoming events and support them.http://www.goldstar.com/events/scottsdale-az/sunset-boulevard?p=F3013384SP
5	How did I not know about this great little theater! First, there is not a bad seat in the house. The seats surround the performance floor. Small snack bar with non alcoholic beverages and snacks. The producer comes out before the show to tell you about upcoming shows etc. I saw a production of Sunset Boulevard here on Friday night and it was fantastic. Very professional and what a great little venue to see it in! I was very impressed with the perfomers. Great voices, acting, and passion! They have upcoming showings of Legally Blond and Rocky Horror Picture Show. I will be back to see more shows soon. For the price I don't think you could find a better Friday night activity!
5	For Mother's day, my daughter took me to see Legally Blonde the Musical here. I had never been to a small local theater and I had my doubts. Well...those were completely wrong! It was great. So good that we already bought tickets to their next show, Rocky Horror Show. Small, intimate setting with a really high caliber performance. We were very pleased and had a great time. And the cost...dirt cheap for what you get! It is almost the same as a night at the movie theater and this is live! Very happy to have found this local gem and can't wait to go back.
4	This venue is perfect for small productions and great acting.  I have been to several shows, and they rarely disappoint.
4	Rocky Horror Picture Show was the cultural gem of the evening, but I will rate the establishment and not the show (I'll mention the show in thee below). Desert Stages is a classic small theatre, and with my vast experiences with such I must say I enjoyed that nothing changes. Underfunded shows tries to make it work on devotion and passion alone.  I want to become a supporter of this place, because they try and it works. I had a great experience here this evening. I bet that they dont serve alcohol, due to the hard rules for a liquor licence.. but it would certainly be nice. I just would. I like Desert Stages and will come back.  *****As for the RHPS; it was my first time it was a bit shocking as it is intended to be, but I really really enjoyed it. Moreso than I expected . They had an issue with the sound, and I dont know if I should discredit the show or the theatre for this - but it really didnt matter. This small setup with a live quintet for an orchestra, really lifted my spirits. The actors/actresses had spirit, talent and they looked amazing. I'd see it again! Definitely. *****
5	This place is magic. Having participated in shows with the Theatre from about 1995 to about 2004I now make a point of seeing several shows a year, in both "The Actors Cafe" and "The Main Stage Theatre" It's Community Theatre to the very core. Getting the whole family involved in "Community Day" and letting parents get involved as "Back stage Moms" or  non acting siblings work as "techies" It's truly beautiful to see such a close knit team of individuals.
3	I must say that the performances I have seen were excellent. Both were musicals. However, I am giving it 3 stars because the theater itself needs renovation and repairs. The steps up to seats in the main theater are loose, and it's only a matter of time before someone will be seriously hurt and sue them, so I hope that they take notice. Also, the top row is too small, and an employee at the theater admitted that when they constructed the seats, they ran out of space for the top row. Yet they still SELL TICKETS for that row, even though it's impossible to get to your seat. We had to change our seats. FYI, every ticket I have bought through GOLDSTAR, will get you the WORST seat in any theater. I guess you get what you pay for.
5	Just saw Dial M For Murder last night, FANTASTIC! It was my first time at DST but it won't be the last. The show was so well cast and acted, nice intimate space and the staff was great.  It is a "come as you are" venue, totally welcoming to those who are new to live theatre and comfy to those of us tired of the Chardonnay sipping crowd and just want to see a good production. Can't wait to go again!
3	I wish I would've taken a picture of the stage! The theater is small. 2 rows of seats on either side and about 5-6 shorter rows on either end. The stage is the floor in the middle; however action can happen next to you and in front of you. It's... intimate.We saw Fiddler on the Roof. The signing and acting was good. The choreography was very good. I certainly feel like I got value for my ticket price.I look forward to seeing more shows here and increasing my rating with each performance!
4	Thanks to Groupon, I have recently discovered this place and watched two plays here- Dial M for Murder and Driving Ms Daisy. Both were hugely enjoyeable. (I think Dial M was a tad better , simply due to the genre which made for a more exciting time). I love this venue for bringing to us the theatre experience in an intimate setting. Booking tickets on the phone is seamless and now I am constantly checking the website for updates. Will surely be back!
5	A nice variety of good show offerings with shows specifically for kids presented by kids.  Peter Pan, Aladdin..... Check out their schedule online.  This is also a small intimate theatre that holds around 120 people.
4	Our second visit to the smaller theatre, the Actor's Cafe.  We saw "The Mousetrap" last year and "Biloxi Blues" tonight.  Although we had seen "The Mousetrap" before (in London), it's been almost 40 years and it was time for a review.  Enjoyed the production in 2013.  Tonight neither of us had ever seen a production of Neil Simon's autobigraphical second part of the three part triology, bookended by "Brighton Beach Memoirs" and "Broadway Bound."  The cast was delightful, and it was interesting to note that a couple of the actors had just recently finished high school (sorry, but it showed and they are gaining valuable experience.)  The lead actor who played Eugene, who also narrated directly to the audience, was delightful and quite a talent, as well as the actor who played the sergeant (although it was scary to be this close to him in this small space.)  The theatre is very small, seating maybe 80 people at best, and seating is flexible (or "festival seating," as I like to call it, but I ordered the tickets online ($6.00 fee) and printed out my actual tickets with bar codes on them to present at the door.  However, the doorman asked if I had stopped at the box office on the way in, and when I told him no, he asked for our names so he could tell them.  Unclear that we were expected to report to the box office since it appeared that the tickets printed were actual replicas of tickets with bar codes.  It was not clearly explained on the web site that we were expected to report to the box office, and we were not clear on the festival seating either, or we would have arrived earlier so we didn't have to get stuck on the front row with our knees touching the edge of the stage!  But the shows have been delightful so one star off for getting the website together, and see you again next summer!
5	I've seen Biloxi Blues (not for kids) and Alice in Wonderland (performed by adorable kids of all ages). All of the actors are fantastic! Both stages I've been in were very intimate which I like. The staff is amazing and very helpful. I bring a light jacket or sweater as I tend to get chilly but its so worth it! Can't wait to check out some more shows!
1	Virginia Oliveri and many other self righteous people involved EMPLOYED BY DESERT STAGES cast themselves in their own productions.  How is this a community theatre if you're not brining in people who want to support their community through the arts. Staff there are very unfriendly to newcomers and younger kid and teens. This is not a place to grow as someone with a passion for this fine art. It's a bunch of never been local actors who are bitter and need to act anyway to save their bored life while others can't join. SHAMEFUL
