3	I'm not really a fast food kind of girl and I consider Nando's to be fast food - they might try to convince you otherwise with their waitresses and restaurant style premises, but this is fast food through and through. A friend once described this place as KFC for WAGS and they pretty much hit the nail on the head. Sure, the chicken isn't fried but I have doubts over its original source and wouldn't be entirely surprised to find out it comes from the same supplier. That said, the food doesn't taste bad, in fact some of it is rather good and I quite like the spicy stuff they give you to sprinkle over chips. However, there are far more exciting and better value places to eat in Edinburgh, so I won't be making a habit of coming here.
5	Whilst I do agree that Nando's is little more than glorified fast food, to stick it in the same bracket as KFC is going a bit too far. At The Colonel's place, biting down on a pus-filled tumour is more or less par for the course, as is finding a cockroach or two in your chips, but standards are much higher at Nando's. Seeing them chuck a whole chicken on the barbeque is a buzz in itself, and when you get it delivered to your table, drenched in the hottest sauce they've got, the messy tables and rough-looking punters all become irrelevant.The meats of fantastic quality, well cooked, and just a joy to behold really. For about 9 quid you'll get half a chicken plus a couple of sides, preferably garlic bread and peri-peri sprinkled fries, and you'll stroll out that door pretty satisfied.
4	Taking a break from my usual love-affair with the 'off-the-beaten-track home-made fayre' kinda joint, it was Sunday movie night and you've just gotta have Nando's right?!I think any review of Nando's is the same across the board, regardless of store. I've been to one where the portions of chicken were tiny, but apart from that, you're safe on getting what you know and love wherever you go.And I love Nando's, I do. It's actually relatively healthy, it's filling, it's quick, and it's different. Oh and it's chicken. I love chicken.I had the chicken burger (a first for me) which was delicious, then shared the chocolate cheesecake. Mmm nom. It just meant no M&Ms in the cinema afterwards.This branch is fairly big. When I arrived there was a waiting list, so I had my name put down and was asked to come back in 20 minutes. THIS was my only bug-bearer; don't they have a waiting area? It's cold outside, it's 7pm on a Sunday night, and there's no where else to go for 20 minutes. Ummm. Right.The staff were all friendly though, and it has a nice, family-focussed vibe.Want chicken? Got chicken. Love chicken. Make mine medium.
4	Me Man.....me eat chicken!Yes its a chain....yes they are all the same......but it does what it says on the tin! It delivers tasty chicken, with decent sides and its at a reasonable price!Nandos is one of those very handy places to meet graba  bite to eat and move on. Thats exactly what we did last night.The concept is a simple one, chose how spicy you want it, chose what bit of chicken you want, chose you sides..! I think the fact they give you options makes it to be honest. Whether you want a wrap, a burger, a pita or like me you just want chicken...on a plate its there for you.They also have a surprisingly large ammount of options of veggies to their credit as well as the oblifatory salad options....!For me it has to be medium spicy half chicken with chips & piripiri salad and colesalw.!Simple...tasty...nom nom nom!Happy JD
4	Om nom nom nom! Peri-Peri chicken with hot sauce! Feel the burn, LOVE the burn! Seriously though. Damn good chicken. Tender, juicy, and grilled to crispy awesomness. Getting hungry just thinking about it! I know why people are addicted to this place, cause it's really really tasty. Prices are good too! Huge plate of food and a drink for about 9 quid. Dining room is really cool as well. Kind of like if a regular sit down place and urban outfitters had a baby. Obrigado, Nando!
5	Very tasty. Yum yum. Go here every couple of months. More often I I could. They even do rewards. a stamp on card every time you enter. 6 stamps= 1 quarter free chicken. 9 stamps= half a free chicken. full card =    a whole chicken free.
5	The food at Nando's is so great and so healthy, I feel like I've visited a spa after I've stuffed my face there. This is the best Nando's in Edinburgh. I have been to all the others but the atmosphere at this Nando's is just so much better, comfy booths, not too noisy; just a really chill lay-out in general!Here's how to order;Half a chicken (anything less and you'll just be eyeing other people's food) with Mango and Lime (you can add the spicy sauces yourself if, like me, you like to be in complete control of the spice level).Side of corn on the cob and remember to ASK FOR BUTTER. This is important.Side of Macho Peas; very scrummy, with a great minty flavour. Sauces; Garlic Peri Peri and Wild Herb Peri Peri. These are the best sauces, remember to stock your table with them before your food arrives. I go for a 60/40 blend of the two. Bottomless soda.Remember to pre-stock your table with napkins and salt also as you don't want to be getting up all the time. It's very important to go to Nando's with some really good pals as you will all see each other eating in a fairly disgusting and visceral manner. I probably wouldn't come here on a  date unless my date sat on a different table. Hope this is useful advice!
4	Our first night in Edinburgh and we decide to drop into the closest restaurant, which happens to feature Portuguese food.  Expecting something that would feature a lot of seafood, we were surprised to see that the major feature was chicken.  But we ordered a hummus starter, a bean side dish and a couscous salad with peri peri chicken and a couple of beers.  It was all very very tasty and just what we wanted for a light meal.  Imagine my surprise when I discovered that Nando's was a chain restaurant with 250 outlets in the UK.  This was without doubt the best fast food chain dining experience I have had.  The routine is different.  Someone shows you to a table, presents a menu, but then explains that you have to go to the counter to order and pay and fetch your own cutlery.  So it's not the fine food dining experience, but I have to say that the quality and taste of the food was a big surprise.  For what it Is I give it four stars.
4	Good food at a very decent price. The Nando's chain across the Sheraton Grand hotel serves succulent chicken. Few reviewers mention that it's a step up from KFC. I can certainly see the comparison, but the food is actually healthier and the ambiance is more restaurant than fast food. Place is not for romantic dates, but it's clean, friendly and comfy.I ordered Half a chicken with medium spice level (any spicier and you may need some tissue for your brow's sweat). Chicken came tender, juicy and hot.  My order also came with 2 sides for $8, which is a deal. I had corn on the cob with butter sauce (delicious) and macho peas (spicy but good). You could add additional sauces if you choose but my chicken was tasty the way it was. Also, be prepare to be messy with your chicken as you sink you teeth and smear your lips with the sauces. It's cheap eats. Definitely not your photo moments.
5	How can anyone not love Nandos? Food is seriously addictive, I think its the spices that keep you coming back! Ordering system is quick, & the whole atmosphere is very relaxed. Ok maybe not the best venue for a slap up special dinner but day to day this is great for so many things... the best being a hungover get together after a night out. Nothing cures a hangover like a Nandos! Staff in this one are friendly & look happy. Is in a good location & seems to have shorter waiting times than the one at Fountain park (maybe due to the cinema?).Try the mango & lime sauce mmmm.
5	Great, great food. Any chicken lover should pay a visit, and this will be the first of many. The peri peri sauce is a delight and the chicken.. oh the chicken. Every single bite gives the signal the start of multiple oesophagus' orgasms.This is by far the best Nando's in town in terms of atmosphere and place. Try out the any chicken dish you wish for and add from a variety of sides and spicy sauces to have a healthy and at the same time delicious lunch.
4	The food remains great, yet the service quality in this particular restaurant has dropped, that's why the -1.
2	I don't see what the hype is about this place.  My lovely British boyfriend wanted to go to Nando's for a quick lunch before we did some sightseeing and told me I would love it.  I mean, I like chicken and all, but I was extremely underwhelmed by my experience there.  It's just a chicken wrap with a choice of a few sauces.  The hottest hot sauce is WEAAAAAKKKK.  Seriously, I want to cry while I'm eating my spicy chicken wraps.  Also, I got the mashed peas as a side and it was the strangest thing on the planet - I do not recommend trying them.  I mean, I would eat here again, but wouldn't rate it high on my list of places to go to!As a footnote, I also do not see the hype about Chick-Fil-A and Church's Chicken in America (down in the South) and everyone raves about both spots.
5	Peri Peri chicken!Ok - so I've eaten at Nando's probably 5 times in the course of a 3 week stint at Europe. But I was on a heavy protein diet and Nando's did the trick. I love the spices, sauces, everything. A bit on the expensive side but great quality chicken and friendly staff. I need to find them in the US - I would be a regular if possible!
4	Ooooh Chicken, Chicken CHICK CHICKEN!! With Piri-Piri.. mmmm.  Wings, breast whole frikkin chickens..  This is awesome. I am a chicken fan. I go to the indy chicken places - but this place supplies corporate chain chicken yummy in my tummy.  I cannot really fault them apart that they should have more sauces.. like a wings place I frequent very often. Apart from that  this is a brilliant Hot Piri Piri Portuguese restaurant that serves chicken to make me purr. They also have other stuff; like fries, corn cobs, salads and stuff - which are also very nicely prepared. But they ain't chicken! I like the jovial waiters and the fact they do check up on you if everything is OK and it feels genuine. I also like the bottomless soft drinks, the beers and most of the wine. Very nicey Portuguesy, yes, yes. Not too expensive and you choose your own portion size. Well done Nando's
5	hmmmmmmmmmmmmm Chicken livers......drool ......Where to start......chicken livers.......drool......Sorry ok this place is awesome I love love love it. Finally went in after walking by it almost everyday for the past year and tried the chicken livers that were recommended to me. If you hate or think livers sound gross well eat these and they will forever open your eyes. I have been to culinary school and worked in kitchens and it takes a lot to really impress me but these little babies are the best I have ever had and theres no way I could or even that idiot Gordon Ramsey could make better ones. The flavor and presentation of them is amazing. I like them with the medium flavor. I also love the chicken dishes they have which are also very good. The place is clean and has a little place to wash your dirty paws before you eat right in the middle of the restaurant. I really like that encourages cleanliness. The kitchen is open and you can see how clean it is. The staff are also friendly which is a plus.  This place will be my haunt when I am waiting for the bus and those livers ( I am starting to sound like Dr. Lecter) will be my little snack of choice when I need something simple and quick. I recommend this place to everyone especially if you like or only eat chicken!
3	The food was great.The staff were lovely.It's just the logistical concept that I'll never get the hang of. You're taken to a seat where you choose from the menu, then have to leave that seat in order to order, then they ask you questions at the till that you weren't expecting to have to answer, with options that weren't immediately apparent. There are contradictions: you tell them what you would like your chicken to taste of, then are directed to an area where there are yet more flavours, this time out of a variety of bottles. Do you take the bottle with you back to the table while you wait - that seems a long time for a bottle to be sitting on my table when someone else might like to use it, no? Fortunately there seem to be plenty of staff/helpers/carers on hand to help you get through it.Nevertheless I've always like the 'Man eating chicken!' signs they have outside their various establishments. I'll go again, absolutely, but only with company that understands the process and can assure me that everything will be ok. Ok?
4	Om with a little extra nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom.Nothing makes you feel more manly than eating meat apart from one thing. A WHOLE CHICKEN! There was no messing about here. A whole chicken, large portion of piri piri fries and two bottles of beer. I thought that would be a good enough starter.Knuckle deep and my face covered from left to right in chickeny beautifulness, I made short work of what I thought would be a mountain of food but it turns out it served to be nothing more than an appetite catalyst.Yes, it is a chain restaurant which means service and quality is pretty much across the board but when happiness comes with two wings, two breasts and two legs cooked in a beautifully warm spicy marinade, you don't really care about where you are.Give me all the chicken and keep it coming.
3	Great if you're looking for fried food! Had an interesting meal that consisted of corn on the cob and wings. The ambiance is very causal, you go up to the counter and order and then get served at your table. All around good if you want to eat fast and leave full!
3	KFC with a twist. Food is okay but its basicly piri-piri chicken and chips. strange logistics. You order and pay at a counter after choosibg from te menu. Staff are very friendly. Ambiance is okay.
5	Never had a bad nandos in this one the staff are always great. There's often not enough floor staff but I imagine they have as many quiet as they do busy spells so it's hard to balance the rota
