1	I have had the absolute worst experience here.  I had been going here a few months, taking a load of dry cleaning in probably once a month.  The last time i went,  I took a Vince silk shirt that had no stains on it, as well as a brand new light pink silk shirt.  Both were very expensive.  When i got them back, there was stains all over the sleeve and back of the Vince shirt, and the same type of stains on the pink silk shirt.  I did not notice until after i took the dry cleaning home, and put each on for the first time, then I went back to see if they could fix it.  Not only did they deny it was even their fault and blamed me for getting things all over each shirt, they denied even remembering the shirt.  And the owner laughed at me.  I am offended by the way the situation was handled, as well as suggesting I would lie about getting something on my shirt and blame it on them.  I did not even mention the fact they had ripped my Theory wool pants two months before, and i didnt complain.  Also, my silk shirt was in such rough shape, the seams pulled apart, and becoming threadbare in places, I cannot believe people go here for dry cleaning.  I know that the stains were caused by dirty PERC (the chemical used in cry cleaning), and I know that they should not iron my silk on high heat like they did.  They use dirty PERC to cheap out and save money on the bottom line.  They do not care about anyones clothes.  I would have taken my business elsewhere anyways, but now I want to tell everyone else what awful customer service and dry cleaning this place has.
1	I used to take my all of my dry cleaning here all the time until they LOST my jacket. When I went to drop of my items, I was given two claim tickets since the other item required a repair. Both articles of clothing were going to be ready on the same day. When I went to pick it up on Saturday morning, the young lady working informed me they didn't have the jacket. After about 30 minutes of describing the jacket, she calls what appears to be the owner. Then they DENY that I ever dropped off the jacket!!! I was furious!!!! I showed her my 2 claim receipts. She refused to acknowledge anything I had to say. I told her I was not leaving until they found my jacket! She started threatening me starting they had video cameras. This place is absolutely horrible! Worst experience of my life!!!!
1	DO NOT GO HERE FOR ANYTHING!!! Dry Cleaning, Shoe Repair, Alterations, NOTHING!!!!My story is similar to the other 2 reviews.  I drive by this place everyday on my way to work and saw that they did shoe repair.  My sister went first after I told her about the place and had a pair of boots totally redone.  They came out pretty good but set her back $90.  But I figured that it was worth it because she loved the boots.So I decided to take some of my Grandmothers DESIGNER VINTAGE SHOES to get the soles redone, because my Grandma was going on vacation soon, and on a cruise ship.  So I recommended that she replace those slippery wood bottoms with a half rubber sole.I dropped off 3 PAIRS of shoes, 1 loafer with a buckle (FERRAGAMO), and 2 Low Heels (BRUNO MAGLI).  I was hesitant in giving the white Magli pair but being that it was a cruise to Puerto Rico, I knew my Grandma would want to take them with her.  The heels had 2 GOLD AND WHITE BUCKLES near the point of the heels.  I gave them the white heels with 2 BUCKLES.  THE SHOES CAME BACK with ......... 1 ........ BUCKLE.  The other was missing.  I told them where is the BUCKLE?  They told me that I gave them the shoes WITHOUT THE BUCKLE!!!!Apparently someone off site repairs the shoes and of course he denied breaking off the buckle and losing it.  The shoes are now RUINED!  Going to SMALL CLAIMS COURT!WARNING AGAIN DO NOT GO HERE FOR ANYTHING.  THEY WILL DENY DAMAGING ANY OF THE THINGS YOU DROP OFF AND TELL YOU THAT YOU DAMAGED IT!STAY AWAY!
1	Took a pair of pants to be hemmed and it wasn't done. They took my money and gave me the pants back untouched. I couldn't even make heads or tails of what their argument was. Horrible customer service. This was after I had decided to ignore the stain they put on my white shirt a while ago.
1	I too ,took a pair of boots in for repair.  They had them for over a week and when my cousin picked them up, they were still unrepaired. They claim they called about a pricing issue, which I asked them do if the repair went over the quote. No one ever called, of course.  Based on the negative reviews I'm relieved they didn't attempt to repair.  They would have certainly botched the job.  I will never go back.
