5	Tirso Cortez was our waiter and he was sooo amazing!! We came on Friday for the grand opening and had great service, then came back on Saturday and had the most amazing server!!!
5	SLS Las Vegas had a lot to live up to. I have been to the Katsuya restaurant in Los Angeles and it was unreal . I am really glad I ended up in Las Vegas when the SLS opened up. I had high standards when I decided to take my friends to Katsuya and I wasn't let down. Our server, Chris O, was very knowledgable and was great at helping us pick out our perfect meal. The Katsuya roll was amazing!! Best thing to come to this city in a long time, I'll definitely be back.
5	I loved my experience here. Our waitress was amazing and had a ton of knowledge about the menu. We had a little bit of everything. The chicken and corn from the robata grill were exceptionally good considering I would think of this place more for its sushi and seafood options. The sushi rolls were really good as well and tasted fresh. The double hibachi roll was my favorite! We also got the Sahara, Tuna Tataki and Lobster rolls, I would recommend all of them. I had eaten at two places at SLS previously (the pizza place and The Griddle Cafe) and was super disappointed but Katsuya made up for that.
5	Ok, I was a pig. On Monday I went to The SLS for exploration purposes. Turns out, I ate two dinners. #oink After leaving bazaar Meat, I was walking in front of Katsuya and I could have sworn that I heard the octopus in the case say " get in here tubby and eat a second dinner!" Now, in my defense, Katsuya was a place I ate in about twice a week in Los Angeles. It's been a year and a half since their crispy rice had touched my taste buds. I WAS COMPELLED BY THE OCTOPUS OR SATAN HIMSELF. I didn't expect that I would even be able to walk in, I had no reservation, but the loveliest hosted glided me around, offering me any seat my tush desired. I was so happy, I think I hugged her. I was seated, and when the waiter was super friendly and when he brought out my creamy spicy rock shrimp tempura, I shed a tear, like a crazy fat girl. When the spicy tunny on crispy rice came-- there were water works. Between the food and the service, you'll be so happy, you'd think drugs were involved. But,They weren't.I love you Katsuya.
5	Went here for my friends birthday.  wagyu fried rice and wafu carbonara were to Die for!  And the sushi platter we had was fresh and beautiful presentation.   Dash was our server/ runner and he was awesome.  He knew all the best dishes to order and was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Always came to check on us and see how everything was.  He should get a raise!_One thing I didn't like tho was the chairs...they were cold and hard and uncomfortable
5	Amazing, simply amazing.  Katsuya is my new favorite restaurant.
4	This was an overall great experience. The service was top notch, they paid very close attention to when we finished each course and the next was whisked in front of us immediately. A friend in from out of town and each had the chef's tasting menu, I think the price was around $75. The rock shrimp and spicy tuna over crispy rice were great. The marinated black cod was simply perfection - melts in your mouth and has this rich velvety texture that was great.
5	Best sushi ever!! This is my favorite sushi place.  Given the price and quality, it's A WIN FOR ALL!!I'm especially in love with: spicy tuna on crispy rice, albacore with crispy onions, baked crab rolls, shrimp, tempura, their amazing brussel sprouts (TRY IT AND LOVE brussel sprouts even if you hated them before!), BSC speciality rolls, and the salmon caviar sashimi.   You get 8 pieces of the salmon caviar sashimi for $20!! Great cocktails too!!
3	Starting off with a cocktail from the bar I reached towards the Watermelon Cucumber Mojito made by Sean. He was quick to make our cocktails while making conversation with me and my two girlfriends. The cocktail was amazing. It was very light & refreshing. We didnt have to ask but he made some suggestions from the menu that he thought we should try. As all five of us were seated at our table, we noticed the table was wobbly. Instead of putting something under it to control the wobble they had to move us which was kind of inconvenient already. Our server was Wombo who was very kind and had good knowledge of the menu. Some of the girls ordered appetizers to start then entrees later. One of the main issues I had was the food not coming out in any specific order and also very slow. The first set of items we ordered came all at different times and even some after our entrees. I did not enjoy my other friends eating their food while I watched and by the time I got my food, they were done. I had Edamame, Creamy Rock Shrimp, Tuna Tataki Roll and Miso marinated Black Cod. All were good. We were sent a round of sparkling wine compliments of Katsuya. Im not sure if that was for all the tables or because everything wasnt going smoothly. One of the Chef's came by to make sure everything was ok. His name is Derek Powers. He invited us back promising to make our experience better. They didnt have dessert menu's but Wombo told us what they had. We ordered the dessert platter with green tea creme brulee, chocolate molten cake and lychee ice cream. The small ice cream cones were presented in a plastic holder with two very tiny holes that did not hold them because the second the runner placed it down while warning us, it fell over. He mentioned its been an issue but it hasnt been fixed. We were suppose to get our cones replaced since they fell on the table and we were only brought one. We mentioned that both fell and came back with two more.Overall, The food was 4 stars and the service was 3 stars. Our server was great the entire time and very apologetic about all the issues we had.
5	Food was great and ASHLEY our waitress was not only beautiful but she was awesome from beginning to end...... First class service!! Told them it was my bday and received all type of comped food and champagne...... Thanks again ASHLEY!
5	Had a GREAT time! The food was amazing! Our server Julie had me try things that were a little out of my comfort zone but I ended up LOVING everything. You have to try the corn tempura its addicting!! Will come back!
5	Emily was fantastic! We got basically every roll on the menu and they were all totally solid. We live in San Francisco so it was refreshing to get great sushi outside the bay. Emily had good recommendations and was charming throughout our meal. Next time we're in Vegas we'll definitely be back!
5	I ate here this past week and was totally blown away. Started with OToro, Chu Toro and Blue Fin tuna. Couldn't believe the quality of this fish!!  Had to try the Wagyu Sashimi, Wagyu Ribeye and Filet w/ fois...delicious as well. My friends had some awesome cocktails but I suck to Cakebread.  Though I did have an Old Fashioned and finished with cognac. I'm pretty specific (pain in the butt) but my server Ashley took great care of my friends and I. If you're in Vegas and want sushi do yourself a favor, go to Katsuya at the sls!!!  I'll be back
5	May have been the best sushi I've ever experienced. Excellent quality and taste. Presentation was so effective that other tables inquired about my selection. I stopped at the bar for a pre-dinner drink and was met with very capable and pleasant bartenders. Selection of cocktails was enticing and the drinks themselves were wonderful.  This restaurants alone is reason enough to visit SLS.
5	Had a nice time at Katsuya it was my 1st time. Emily Vu was a terrific server. She was very knowledgeable and was on point and just wonderful.. Tirso is wow! he is helpful and just loves assisting his guest. The manager Johnathan was a delight and so was chef Derek, great time and we will be back thank you so much oh and yes the food was superb we had the skirt steak, Brussels sprouts , the dessert tasting, also the crispy rice.
5	The atmosphere and food was amazing. For anyone looking for a premium sushi place to go this is it. Ask for Emily Phuong!!!!!!!  PHENOMENAL SERVER
2	Great fish. Everything else pretty much a disaster. Service juvenile. Hours for follow up on simple asks. Ran out of unfiltered saki at 7:30pm. Give them a year to pull it together.
5	So tonight, I rolled up to the hostess, and said "worlds smallest birthday party for one please". I was given birthday wishes by every member of the staff, including the head chef of all of katsuya who came to my table and called me by my name because he remembered me from the last time I was there.The SLS Hotel gives you a $30 dining credit for your birthday, which is also nice, so I loaded up on wagyu beef. So melt in your mouth delicious. I had red snapper sushi with yuzu/pepper , wagyu sashimi, wagyu sushi, creamy spicy rock shrimp tempura on a spicy tuna roll and the Fairbanks roll.  I was sooooo full, but thank god for my separate desert stomach, because my strawberry birthday mochi was the best I ever had. I'm not a fan of it normally,, but now I will always order it from here.Thanks for my genuine birthday love, amazing food and great service, Katsuya!
5	Well this is a mind blowing experience. I love las vegas and its sushi spots.  Especially when you get of a long night of running a restaurant and you just want to have a bite and a drink with some friends at goyemon. But this place trumps blue ribbon, social house and kumi. It's not the all you can eat vegas tradition but even know it is pricy, it is worth every cent and scent. I love the servers, all knowledgeable as a well managed spot should be. Food was impeccable from presentation to taste. Atmosphere was mind blowing, especially when you think that this is a building that is over a half of century old. Server made recommendations and all were on point. The fried rice here crazy good, not like the crab fried rice I had at the other Japanese spot, gross. She set us up with a bottle and some hand crafted drinks and it did nothing but elevate the experience.  Managers touching tables, chef made apperinces to the tables. This was a well trained room with quality training of server sequence.As for the food, you will leave happy.   Fish was not to cold allowing the oils to release nicely and giving full flavor to the  sushimi. Fried rice as I said, crazy good. And overall just a great experience.  I love my job but I love to see when the industry produces venues like this, so I can up our game and my standards. THANKS KATSUYA
4	Enjoyed the atmosphere and food was very good. Steak and foie gras was amazing, also the tuna with crispy rice was special. Enjoyed the samurai drink, we tasty.Service was very attentive, only let down was no fried chicken. Price was a bit high.
5	I was staying at SLS about a week and a half ago, and was pretty disappointed with the check in and Unami burger.  With the lack of service from Unami burger, I was really skeptical about trying Katsuya.  I was with my mom and a friend walking around the hotel, and decided to try it out.  And, I have to say that I am glad that we did!!!!We made reservations around 7, upon arriving I could tell that the service would meet my expectations.  When we were seated, Dash was every prompt on filling our glasses and recommending some items on the menu.  Of course he commended the chawanmushi, crab rolls, omakase geta, and the carbonara.  Shortly, after giving us his recommendations our server Jen (?) made sure that we were doing alright with the menu, and suggested that we try the watermelon cucumber mojito.After letting us decided, we order the slider, omakase geta (which feeds 2-4 people), watermelon cucmber mojito, and a couple of apps that I really can't remember.  First off, the chawanmushi was AMAZING!!!!! I have to say that it is THE BEST that I ever had!!!!! And, the omakase geta was AMAZING as well,  Coming from Hawaii, we know our seafood and Japanese food.  And, I have to say that omakase geta was probable the fresh fish I had in a really long time.  The ama ebi was so sweet!!!While dining there, Dash and Jen were excellent!!! Their service surpassed all my expectations, and really turned my feelings around about the hotel and their service!!!!!
5	First time to Katsuya and I must say that I enjoyed the whole dining experience from beginning to end.  The atmosphere is pretty lively and loved the simple decor.  The Omakase sashimi was delicious.   The selection of fish was fresh and tasty.  Must try the Crsipy Rice with tuna.  The lobster with house dynamite saucy was good as well, but I'd ask for light sauce.  I would have rather tasted more lobster.  I also enjoyed the yakisoba, they did not skimp on the seafood!And on top of all the good food, the service was impeccable!  My server Ryan made sure my mom and I enjoyed our dinner and we had everything we needed.  It was a very busy night and it was just awesome that our server was always around when we needed.I would definitely come back for more sashimi!
5	Jessica (The lovely manager)  and Jennifer thank you for the most incredible 1 year anniversary dinner. My husband and I had such an incredible time. The food and service was amazing to say the least! Will definitely be back soon!  Please ask for Jennifer if you dine in. You won't regret it!
4	Great food! Sashimi and wagyu all you want!Great cocktails!Amazing wait staff!And music gets you warmed up for the club!
3	I've been going back and forth on whether to give 3 stars or 4 stars... Ultimately, it gets a 3.5. If the manager and waitress wouldn't have been so apologetic and kind about what happened, my husband and I were ready to give 2 stars... So, we made an 8PM reservation. Very long week, and we needed a romantic evening out with some amazing food. We showed at 7:40pm and were seated but not at a very romantic table, squished between two other couples, and the music was SO LOUD we could have a conversation across the table. We were literally yelling back and forth to communicate. I get it, SLS is going for an epic club, high class, party all night scene... But does the restaurant need to be louder than the club? I'm 29, so I'm not some old crotchety lady... They took musical ambience to a whole new extreme. Jennifer was our waitress, and let me point out that she was TOP NOTCH. This girl is good at her job and our experience was in no way her fault. She was probably the best waitress I've ever had. So, we've sat down, Jennifer comes to greet us right away and fill up our water. I order green tea, and 15 min later it comes out luke warm and very flowery. I just wanted some pure HOT green tea. But hey, it's a new experience, so I drank my luke warm flowery beverage. We promptly got the Brussels sprouts, and they were AMAZING. Then, 12-15 more minutes for our edamame... And then 20 more minutes for our crispy rice spicy tuna appetizer... And then the biggest wait of all... Over 30 MORE minutes pass after the spicy tuna, waiting for our next salmon/caviar appetizer and yellowtail sushi roll... We can't talk to each other, it's too loud, and my tea is now gone from luke warm to cold... So we give up and ask for our check, we were going to head over to umami burger for the dinner we never received at Katsuya. Jennifer is super apologetic, agreeing it's taken much too long. She assures that the sushi is on it's way, but she's taking it off our bill. The manager comes over and sees if there is anything else she could do and also apologizes. (It was really sweet, but then we became the center of attention... :( ) The sushi roll was good but the salmon appetizer was on soapy cucumbers which definitely took away from the freshness of the salmon caviar bite. We really appreciate their kindness, apologies, and the personal care after the fact. Jennifer had no control over how the food was coming out of the multiple kitchens, so we don't blame her. Am I dying to come back? Not after that, no. We will likely give it another shot in a few months when they've worked out the kinks of having four kitchens. I hope it's a better experience next time... When my husband surprises me with a nice dinner out, it's a letdown when it goes like this. :/
3	3.5 starsI had been to the Katsuya in Brentwood before, and while all these Japanese restaurants seem the same to me (Katsuya, Nobu, Sushi Samba, Social House, etc.) and are pricey for having such small portions, I keep coming back to them anyway :p  Each restaurant either has some kind of stand-out dish or ambiance nice enough to make me want to come back.  For Katsuya, the stand-out dish is their Crispy Rice with Spicy Tuna - it is a MUST!  Other than that, we got items that you usually can't go wrong with and they did not go wrong: Creamy Rock Shrimp, Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno, Miso-Marinated Black Cod, and mochi for dessert.  Actually, I had never had mochi before so I had nothing to compare theirs to, but it was ok - nothing all that special.  Service started out pretty good but started to slack off a bit.  For instance, the mochi my sister and I ordered never came out  - I think they had lost the ticket for it or something.  Meanwhile, our friend was done with her meal and dessert long before they finally ended up bringing us our mochi.  Our server though apologized and made up for it by taking it off our bill.  Also a nice touch was the rock shrimp being on the house - I heard the person who brought it out say something about it being a special for locals, and our friend we dined with is a local.  We got seated at a booth which we requested when I made the reservation.  It was pretty full on the Sunday night we went.  Our reservation was for 8pm, and it stayed busy until closing.  It's a trendy place, and the later crowd seemed to be in their clubbing best :pBy the way, did I already mention how good their Crispy Rice with Spicy Tuna is?  Hehe :)
5	Love love love. The appetizer portions are a WEE bit bigger here than in LA. Loved the mixed greens, shishito peppers and mochi ice cream. However, was not a fan of the lobster dynamite. Loved the ambiance, too!
4	This restaurant had very strong pros and very strong cons. My overall experience was great and the GM was more than sweet and accommodating. My boyfriend and I were celebrating my promotion. This will be the longest review I'll ever write but we had the full experience which deserves to be written in extensive detail.For starters, the ambiance is a bit weird. There's two creepy eyes staring at you from the back with black paint running from the eyes. It is reminiscent of Andrea's at the Encore with her color-changing eyes, except this one was not as pleasant staring at you while you eat. The tables and seats are like what you'd find at Ikea: very basic and metal so they're not the most comfortable when you're dining for almost two hours. For a fine-dining restaurant, the seating and environment is not as upscale as I would anticipate. When it comes to food, my boyfriend and I like to try everything we possibly can to get the full experience. This means we get several different cocktails, several different appetizers, we each choose an entree, but in this case for sushi we each got a few different rolls, and dessert. We started with the cocktails. My favorites were the Jasmine Margarita and the Sahara Cooler. My boyfriend enjoyed the Fallen Angel and the Burning mandarin. He likes the hearty cocktails and I like the sweeter ones. For appetizers, you just can't go wrong with the Creamy Rock Shrimp. Its tempura-fried and tossed in a creamy sauce which is to die for! I couldn't put my chopsticks down. We also ordered the Japanese Fried Chicken that is perfectly crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside with a delicious garlic dipping sauce, Yellowtail sashimi thinly sliced and lightly coated in ponzu, simple Baked Crab Rolls, and the Wagyu Sashimi seared in hot oil. They were all rave-worthy dishes.I think we went overboard when it came time to entree round. Our eyes were bigger than our stomachs but we don't regret it one bit. I ordered one piece of the O Toro and Yellowtail which were both phenomenal. I got the Sunset Roll and BSC Roll. The BSC roll had a delicious creamy sause with fresh scallops on top that was just divine and I wasn't too crazy about the Sunset Roll. My boyfriend ordered the Lobster Roll, Double Hamachi Roll, and the Rock Shrimp Tempura Roll. We couldn't get enough the of sweet, salty, creamy lobster roll or the Rock Shrimp Tempura Roll. They were the best part of our dinner and it was hard to put it all down because we got a little overzealous. Dessert round was the black sesame mochi, strawberry mochi, green tea mochi, and the Omakase with a tiny chocolate souffle (I think), tiny square of cheesecake, lychee sorbet, and green tea brulee. All of the flavors were very intense and were a good way to end the night. We could barely make it out of there. It was a bad night to wear skin-tight red dress. My only complaint I have is the wait time. By the time we finished 3 out of 4 of our appetizers, the Wagyu Sashimi finally made it out a good 15 minutes after the others were served. When we were done with our appetizers, it took a solid half hour for any of our entrees to show up. It was a much longer wait than I would have expected. The wait was so long, in fact, the waiter was asking if we were ready for dessert and forgot we ordered rolls. The GM and Assistant GM both kept frequently checking up on us throughout the night.Overall, it really was an excellent experience and I will definitely be back to entertain my guests from out of town
4	Excellent service! I wish I remembered our server's name - She was WONDERFUL!! The food was great too, but the only reason I dinged down one star is because they overcharged my friend's credit card when they adjusted the tip... other than that - it was great!
3	really nice chef and wait staff. wish i could give 4 stars but the food was meh (hi, sushi snob over here). there was just too much rice and it wasn't anything special. the prices are quite high as well. i had the yellowtail with jalapeno, crispy roll, and mochi.
2	Katsu-bla....what makes the LA version good is the scene...when you take the scene away and expose the mediocre food and double the price, it makes for a disappointing experience.  I have to say the service is great...but the food was just not good...nothing was balanced or seasoned correctly and the fish was below average. Dropped $380 on 2 people so we sample quite a lot...but not nearly as much as you would expect for that price and a thoroughly disappointing meal.
4	Wombo was our server tonite and he was great. When he heard we were locals he treated us to the broccoli dish and it was savory and delicious. Another item that was unique and flavorful was the crunchy rice w/ahi tuna. I will order this again and again.
5	We went to Katsuya for my boyfriends birthday and the atmosphere and service was amazing!! We stopped off at the bar first for drinks and Alice and Chelsea were GREAT! I loved the Katsuya fresh and had at least 4 Our server was Kenny and he was outstanding! It was MY first time there so he was very patient and helpful in making sure we ordered the best of the best! I will definitely be going back for the octopus carpaccio & wagyu foie gras!!
5	Wowie Wow Wow.  The Very Best black Cod that I have ever tasted. It was like eating butterfish & the portion size was VERY generous. The wagyu beef was so tasty & tender. The Sushi platter was very colorful & the ginger was primo quality! Servers are so helpful, happily checking in, making suggestions, & inciting our party to return soon.  The sweets are so fresh & tasty.  This restaurant is such a bonus for the SLS casino. It makes the casino definitely worth going to!
4	Delicious food. Sat at the bar. Love their sushi. Staff was nice and polite, everything came out in a timidly manner. Sushi was fresh and melted in our mouth. Give it a try.
5	Had a delicious birthday dinner here. Probably the best meal I've had, drinks included.Highlights were the rock shrimp, tiger roll, and spicy tuna on crispy rice. My Riesling was delicious, too.Our server was friendly, the food came out quickly, and in comparison to other sushi restaurants on LVB... our total check with 7-8ish items and three drinks was about $215. Pretty cheap in comparison to other Katsuya locations or places like SushiSamba, etc.10/10.
4	Service was great. Cool looking restaurant. We had the rock shrimp which was amazing. Definitely get again. We also ordered the ahi with crispy rice which was not good for a dish they said they are known for.  The ahi was very mushy and no flavor. The best thing there was a corn shrimp roll.
4	I came to check this place out because of the 50% local discount (very smart!) Food came out fast and was delicious. I really liked the yellowtail and rock shrimp appetizer. I also had the lobster roll and I didn't love the sauce on it but other than that it was very good. The place was really busy and looks very similar to Andreas at Encore.I live right by this place and will definitely be back!
5	Absolutly delicious. Great service. We went for our 15 year anniversary last night and it was the best meal I have had in yearsService was 5 star as well.
4	Went here for the first time last night. First off, The service is really great. They have trained their staff to be very attentive! All of the food was very fresh-- I tried the rock shrimp (DELISH!)And the seared tuna and yellowtail sashimi plates. Both were good but not mind blowing. The yellowtail was great but I didn't love the sauce they put on it- too much lemon. I had the tuna tataki roll and added avocado (definitely a good choice)I got 50% because they were doing a Vegas local special and I'm glad I did because it's pretty pricey.
3	First off is that they went pretty cheap on the decor in this place. Figuring its in the SLS it would be really nice. We were seated and started to order immediately. Knowing Katsuya in LA we knew what we wanted. So we ordered some appetizers which were really good then all went downhill from there the entrees were mediocre at best we ordered an array off sushi rolls. Ended up being $100+ per person for that kind of money there are plenty of other restaurants to choose from. I won't be coming to the SLS nor this restaurant again!Sorry but the new north is not the south!
4	We had a delicious experience on our friends bday. We ordered several rolls, saki and dessert for the bday boy. I visited several Katsuya locations in LA and was surprised to find that this location was decorated as nicely (minus 1 star) or as busy. The food was delicious though and consistent with my other Katsuya experiences and the food taste/quality was as expected.
5	This place does NOT disappoint! GREAT drinks, great food and great service! Definitely try the jasmine pomegranate margaritas and any of the sushi rolls! The server brought us complimentary champagne to celebrate our engagement... made us feel VERY special!
5	Baked Crab Hand Rolls are an absolute MUST.  We ordered them twice - after the first round we just had to have more.  The waitress told us these rolls are what made Chef Katsuya famous.  It is really easy to see why. Everything was divine except the spicy tuna rolls - topped with Serrano peppers - were actually not spicy at all.  Strange. If you are a champagne / sparkling wine lover, do pair your meal with both the Houhoushu Hana Pink and the Bunny Blueberry.  Served in Sake glasses and do ask your waitress to keep the bottles chilled next to your table.  If you know Sushi, you know this food is perfection.  By the way, the dress is quite casual.  We dressed up thinking "SLS."  But there were many in there dressed casually and also lots of babies in strollers - which is way cool. We will bring baby next time cuz the walk from the SLS entrance to Katsuya is very short.  It was very loud.  I appreciate the "club" atmosphere, but the music was trying too hard.
1	Expensive , small small amount too much modern style I'm not recommend here at all at all. I stop eat in hotel restaurants I should have stay that!! Just waste money
5	Great selections! Sushi great, but the meat selections were fantastic.
3	I have eaten at Katsuya in LA and that one was much better. I ate at this one in Vegas on a Thursday night. wakled up without a reservation at about 8:45 and got seated right away. Unfortunately my experience was one were the food was better than the service. We started off with our drink orders, everything went well with that. When the drinks arrived we placeded orders for appetizers, some gyoza and a few bowls of miso soup. So then just one bowl of miso soup shows up, we said we needed two more I gave her the benefit of the doubt maybe she mis heard us. By then we went ahead and ordered our entrees. Not sure if they thought we were sharing or going tapas style or family style wbecause they started bringing out plates of our entrees but not all together...keep in mind we have still not recieved the gyoza we ordered for appetizers. Things just kept coming but not all together, it was a mess. Finally the gyoza came out after we were finished with our entrees. All in al the flavor and quality of the food was good but the service was not so good. I would probably not recommend Katsuya to anyone unless they were staying at SLS(which I would not recommend either) since it is so far off the beaten path.
1	I found a bug in the raspberry in the Mochi ice cream. The waitress was very impatient, every time we needed to order something she would run off to get it but wasn't finish ordering.  She talked too fast that was hard to understand her.  The furniture was cheap and not comfortable.  other food was okay. The manager took some items off the bill though.
5	Now, this place can roll some quality sushi. There might be another place or two in Vegas that will be able to compete, but not many. These guys take sushi and service serious, and believe me I love them for it. Quality at a decent price. I have paid more for sushi in Vegas, but Katsuya stands out. I am already looking forward to my next visit, and as long as they keep it up I will be back. My Yelp bros and sisters will keep me updated)))) By the way, drinks are good as well!!!
4	Really great cocktails and friendly bartender.Burning Mandarin - my favorite of the 3 that i tried that nightFallen AngelSamuraiI truly thought all 3 cocktails were very well balanced and pretty refreshing.  I couldn't stop licking the rim of my glass of the Burning mandarin.  It tasted like it was rimmed with tang!
3	I ordered a simple vegetable tempura roll from my hotel room. When I went to pick it up I was told it would be an additional 20 minutes because they had never had a request for this roll before and their was some confusion if they could make it. Really odd. 50 minutes after I placed the order I received my food. It was decent, nothing special and not worth the price. I'm sure it's stellar for fancy rolls and of course seafood lovers but if you just want a simple roll avoid. It's too basic for them to figure out.
4	Date & Time:  Saturday November 15, 2014 @ 10pmScene:  Bachelor & Bachelorette Parties w/ Guys in Suits w/ Open Collar Shirts & Girls in Short Black Dresses w/ Heels or High BootsMusic:  EDMDecor:  Fun & Whimsical.  Bright Sushi Bar, Three Dining Areas w/ Sexy BanquettesService:  Personable & ProfessionalImbibe:  SakeDevour:  Rock Shrimp, Balsamic Vinegar Brussel Sprouts,  Truffle Lobster Chawanmushi, Miso Cod, Ramen Carbonara, Salmon w/ CaviarTotal:  $150
5	Amazing restaurant in the SLS. Loved the crispy rice spicy tuna and the baked lobster roll. Sushi chef was great and service was good.
5	I was afraid I'd over inflated my expectations for this place, but I'm pleased to say that they were met, and then some!  First off, the atmosphere is hip and chill. If you are dressed too casually,  you will definitely be the odd one out, but it is not a stuffy scene in the least. The floor plan gives you a wide-angle view of the casino floor. You never forget you're on the Strip, but in the best possible way.Our server, Mario, was A++. Now, for the food.... we started off with the crispy rice and spice tuna. it was the perfect 10 in texture and flavor. That will easily be a go-to the next time I'm here.I had the crispy chicken salad, the California roll, and, the belle of the tasting ball, the Special Katsuya Roll. The flavors were clean, fresh, and delectable. For dessert, we shared the green tea mochi. Yummy! Glad we came! I'll definitely be back!
5	My favorite Katsuya location so far! This restaurant has a very nice layout, the dining area in the back is very romantic and intimate, with booth or half booth seatings. At first we were seated at a very uncomfortable table with hard chairs right in the middle of all seatings in the sushi bar dining area, it was unacceptable cause we never sit at hard chairs whenever we dine at Katsuya! I guess it was section manager saw us looking around, asked if we needed anything, we complained, she moved us to a big booth for four in the back corner of the dining area, it was so private and intimate, that's more like it for our favorite sushi dinner date!We have tried pretty much all the items on the menu in LA, Just when we couldn't decide what to have again this time, we saw Omakase?!!! That's awesome, we LOVE Omakase! I love to see what beautiful creations chef has to offer! Omakase it is! I ordered a refreshing vodka specialty cocktail, hubby had our favorite sake Kikusui, they were light and tasty drinks that are perfect for sushi and sashmi.When our Omakase came, it was WOW!!! It looked so beautiful, spectacular presentation, with assorted sashimi, nigiri sushi, signature rolls and hand rolls. It also came with signature apps like the new chawanmushi, it's steamed eggs with lobster in mini size, marinated raw octopus cucumber salad, and my favorite spicy tuna on crispy rice. It was a lot of food for two people! I think it could easily feed up to four people! Everything was so fresh, probably the freshest among the fresh! We took time to sip on drinks and enjoy this amazing Omakase, it was so romantic and lovely! Our server was extremely friendly and attentive, all the staffs and section managers were very professional, checked up on us now and then, great job! I plan to eat here every time we are in Vegas, they open till late on Fridays and Saturdays, this is the only fine dining restaurant that opens till late at SLS. Again Katsuya?! You are the BEST! Ps. Our server gave us free LIFE nightclub pass, not that we needed it but it was nice of him.Starck likes to design all whites with popped out colors, it's so beautiful, but can he just let go of the hard chairs, why some of the dining people deserve to sit on uncomfortable hard chairs eating at the same restaurant? It's not fair!
3	The Skinny: mushy rice, hit or miss seasoning depending on the dish makes this joint an okay for me(3), service was okay but not extraordinary by any means(3) value: we came on Social Sundays (50% off for locals)so prices were more reasonable but for full price...I'd pass.(3)We came for Social Sunday for locals which gives 50% off food and beverages to certain restaurants at the SLS. This week it was Katsuya. FYI - the Omakase Geta, A4 robata and the Toro is not included in this promotion.Spicy Tuna Crispy rolls: 4 pieces for $16 is a bit pricey for this dish. The maguro used was okay but the rice was too soft, over seasoned. The crispy rice wasn't quite crispy enough. Pass.Lobster Chawan mushi with truffles: texturally it was nice and silky. Flavorwise, the truffle wasn't really there. (Actually all their truffle dishes didn't taste at all like truffles-I think they used Chinese truffles which look similar but have no flavor) The sauce on top was rather overly salty although the dish did improve after scooping up from the very bottom of the cup. Kinda of a meh dish for me.Vegetable tempura consisted of about 10 small pieces of mushrooms, asparagus, sweet potato and zucchini. Nothing special except the exorbitant price.Brussel sprouts, fried with dashi and vinegar were delicious. The crispy texture matched well with the nuts and mildly sweet glaze.  and definitely the best dish of the night.Kakuni ("stewed pork belly"): sent it back because it was an entirely large piece of pork fat without little to no meat on it. Would not recommend.Wagyu beef with Foie Gras: served with an overly sweet sauce, the dish lacked balance and could have used a bit more salt. The beef was perfectly cooked though and the foie had a nice sear to it. It was okay but not worth full price.Tuna Tataki roll: too much sauce, mushier sushi rice caused the roll to break apart easily. The amount of tuna was generous enough though. Meh, don't need to order this again.Omakase sashimi: the quality of the fish was very good however the serving size was rather small given the price.Given the level of the cuisine we experienced, it is definitely not worth the full price of admission. There are definitely better sushi restaurants in the city at more reasonable prices too. (3-starred review)
4	Went here last night for sushi. Overall I would recommend. Had the Katsuya special roll, light, crisp, great way to start. Then had the double Hamachi and Tiger roll (liquid gold!) - highly recommend all those. The disappointment was the lobster roll - too rich and mushy lobster. I would come here again but would skip the lobster.
4	A "Japanese" chain restaurant in cities Brentwood, Dubai, Glendale, Hollywood, Kuwait, LA, Las Vegas and South Beach; an NO location in Japan.  It speaks volumes.Sarcasm aside, and putting it mildly, this is yet another restaurant designed for the gaijin serving faux Japanese fare like silly 15 ingredient sushi creations with even more ridiculous names like a tiger roll or corn crunch roll.  That said, it does a better job than most.Modern interior, clean lines, and a contemporary vibe provide a great setting for the culinary creations.  In general, fresh seafood, beautiful, colorful plantings and wonderful presentation that heighten the experience and mask imperfections.Creative dishes are very good.  A lobster and truffle chawanmushi with its soft, velvety texture, hints of dashi and sweet lobster accented by the earthy finish of truffle is good eats.  The scallop sashimi outstanding.  Brightened by the yuzu, perfect texture with apple and peppery finish of watercress.  The wagyu sashimi, gently seared with oil perfectly accented by the heat and pounced flavor of ginger and bitterness of chives.Nice selection of wagyu beef dishes including some using A4 Japanese wagyu.  Be careful of the fatty richness.  It's very easy to fill up.  The wagu short rib, rib eye, and skirt steak from the robata grill are a great way to try different cuts and flavors.  The wagyu filet with foie and a plum wine reduction also worthy albeit excessively rich as the plum reduction lacks sufficient acidity to cut through the fat on fat pairing of the wagyu and foie.  Sadly the A4 wagyu rice was excessively oily with a cloying mouth feel paling in comparison to that of BarMASA.Forget the silly rolls, they are a waste of the very good quality, fresh seafood.  Additionally, the rice for the nigiri is aggressively seasoned, sticky, and compacted with broken grains.  The seasoning takes away from the enjoyment.  Focus on sashimi offerings (ask for any sushi offering as sashimi).  Correctly graded chu and o-toro, very good mirugai, aji, and uni.Well chosen selection of beer  and very well chosen selection of sake at Vegas resort markup.   Good service but still showing the "green" uncertainty that will go away with time.Definitely one of the better "interpretive" Japanese eateries in Vegas today.
2	I can appreciate what they are 'trying' to do but this place is not an AUTHENTIC Japanese restaurant. From the interior design down to the food. I wouldn't say the food is terrible but for the price you are paying, it definitely isn't great. I'm a sushi connoisseur so I know when sushi/sashimi is good when I look at it. When our sushi came out, the salmon and unagi (eel) looked as if it was exposed to air for a very long time. The only reason why we came here is because we were provided with credit by SLS (Hotel). For the people that occasionally eat Japanese good, this may be a good place but if you are looking for an AUTHENTIC Japanese dining experience, then I would look else where. If you love sashimi/sushi then I would try Yellow Tail at the Bellagio. Now if you have deep pockets then I would make the trip to Urasawa. I only gave it two stars because the service was good and our female server was good looking.
4	We went to Katsuya on our stay-cation to celebrate Eric R.'s birthday.  It happened to be the 50% off locals Sunday pick.  We did not have reservations so we opted to sit at the cocktail bar.  Our bartender/server happened to recognize me from a past job in town and that made it a very personable experience.  We got there right at opening (6 PM) and ordered immediately.  I had iced green tea (apparently the SLS commissions its own tea plantation for exclusive hot and iced teas) and Eric R. had hot green tea and the Katsuya fresh cucumber cocktail.Some things we ordered we waited over an hour for, and things our neighbor at the bar got we were told the kitchen ran out of even though we ordered them at the same time (like negi toro) so that was frustrating.  We tried a variety of dishes, including the seaweed sunomono, salmon sashimi appetizer with caviar, and the wagyu beef sashimi with hot oil (Nobu's was better).  We sampled yellowtail, salmon, toro, scallop, and mackerel sushi.  The mackerel was served with thin kelp on top of it.I also tried a salmon skin handroll which had kaiware sprouts, gobo, and cucumber.  One of my favorite dishes of the night was the mushroom bop - a hot stone pot like dolsot bimibap with arborio rice, a variety of mushrooms, a hint of parmesan, and a sauce that brought it all together so deliciously.  We finished with the dessert omakase which had mochi, yuzu cheesecake, green tea creme brulee, and sorbet.  Service was great though we had a rush of food then a very long wait for the rest of the stuff.  With the half off and a few comps for the wait plus the $5 happy hour cocktails, we ended up right below our dining credit allotment so all we paid was tax and tip - sweet local deal and a great birthday present for Eric R.
4	Katsuya is a nice addition to the Japanese food scene on the strip. It should be categorized as a Nobu-like upscale Japanese with a modern American twist.Items selected:- Lobster & Truffle Chawan-mushi- Baked crab hand rolls- Creamy rock shrimp- Wafu carbonara- Wagyu tobanyaki- Negima- Sunset rollEverything was tasty. The lobster-Truffle Chawan-mushi was an invention that has a potential to be reimported to Japan... It could go straight into a traditional Kaiseki.
5	I'm surprised by how extensive a Japanese menu can get. Katsuya gives you the option to choose from many different dishes- from not just satisfying your sushi cravings; but to open your senses to try some new well executed items you've never heard of or tasted before.Their sake list doesn't disappoint as well- showcasing different types to cater from the beginner to the most expertise. Ranging from different types of flavor profiles, styles and sizes; I would definitely recommend pairing off your dinner with a bottle (or two) to ease through your dinner without feeling overly full.There's a robata (Japanese style) grill as well which is ALWAYS a plus in my book serving up different types of meat (wagyu, chicken or pork), seafood and selected vegetables. Please try both the Tsukune (duck/chicken meatballs served on skewers) and the Maitake Mushrooms (served with garlic aioli topped with parmesan cheese and chives); my top picks for sure. You won't be disappointed. The ambiance is open and energetic which creates the optimal experience for a social gathering, the service is attentive and friendly and most importantly, the food is worth the visit to check this place out. My personal tip? Go with a large group! That way you can try different things off the menu without breaking the bank.
2	First night in Vegas and wanted to check out the SLS so came here for dinner. What a huge disappointment!Table for seven people was tiny! I felt like I was sitting at the kids table. Ten feet away is where people were able to smoke while we were eating. Service was very slow and spotty. Our service was very nice but we never knew when we were going to see him again. Food was not very good. We had one dish that was so bad that we sent back. Had another dish that was horrible and learned that they delivered us someone else's custom dish that had cod instead of crab. Waygu fried rice, one if their signature dishes, was not very good. Lacked depth and flavor. Waiter did bring out complimentary desserts due to all of our issues, which was very nice but did not make up for our expensive tasteless dinner. I do not recommend this place and will not come back!Side note - the SLS hotel is very underwhelming and also a hotel that I would not come back to. This hotel cannot compare to any other high end hotels on the strip. SLS in Beverly Hills is much nicer.
3	I have had sushi at three different spots this week and Katsuya was my least favorite. The service was good, but the meal was average. I was told it would be the best sushi ever and I simply wasn't blown away. Their famous crispy rice/tuna dish was overcooked and the rolls were okay; however, their snow crab hand roll was delicious and memorable.
4	Although it's  nothing compared to its original spot in Studio City, this one at the SLS Hotel is still really great. It's a fairly decent sized restaurant and it's  good for big parties due to the large squared tables that they have in the center. This was a comped meal from a specific group, so everything  was prix fixed. The service  was great and the food was as well. Some of the tastings I had were : Shishito Peppers (big fan), Corn Tempura, Wagyu Filet with Foie Gras (heaven in my mouth) and the Tuna Tataki Roll (pretty good). I plan on stopping by here this coming weekend!
5	Very happy with the service here from my server, Mario. It takes a lot to be a great server and I would say he definitely has that skill. The food was also top notch. Lobster roll with dynamite sauce is mind blowing while the sunset roll with eel was lighter and easier to eat quickly (which shouldn't be done, savor). Drink wise the watermelon and cucumber mojito was light and refreshing with a little kick in the end. All in all this will be a repeat trip next time I am in this area.
5	The main reason I am writing this review, other than the fact that this place is awesome is because of the honesty of the staff.  In vegas it is rare that you find such honesty and this place has it in abundance.our bill was 240 between three of us, and we left a 60 dollar tip. My two friends got checks that were for a 100, so mine was for 40 and i wrote in 60, but accidentally wrote my total as 300 rather than 100.  The gracious host called my room and corrected my error which is not something that they had to do.I have always loved Katsuya, pretty sure I wrote them a stellar review for their hollywood location.  Clearly they have a strong program for training staff, and their food is amazing too!Go here!!!!!!!!
