5	Ok, technically this is not Mexican food, it's spanish and puerto rican food, but has a lot of the same kinds of spices and is WAY, WAY, WAY good.first off, they have plaintains, which look like bananas, but taste like potatoes. if you've never had them, try them here, yum! this is definitely the place to go with a big group of peole and share a few different dishes. good luck, because the menu is HUGE. the dessert menu alone has two dozen items!seafood like ceviche and paella (supposed to be to die for), tapas, tamales, soup, salads, egg dishes (not breakfast),...the list goes on and on and that's just lunch!plates top off around $12 for the most expensive for lunch, but you can easily make a meal out of two apps.the mojito is their specialty, and they have i think a dozen rums to choose from, along with sangria. on the last monday of the month, every bottle of spanish wine is half off- you cork it if you don't finish it. i can't give this rest. a more glowing recommendation!
5	WOW! I don't understand why this place was empty........it was freakin' Amazing!After looking at their menu on-line I was definitely drooling for my Monday Lunch Date, I Didn't know they had a location in Chandler across from the  library which is where I happen to be so I decided to check it out.Menu Is Huge! Everything Sounded so good it took awhile to make up my mind. The one thing I had my heart set on they happen to be out of but I quickly forgot about  it when I ordered the Calypso Chips instead, which are fried green plantains served with a black bean dip (see pics) I also ordered a side of Avocado dip to go with them.Fresh and Hot and Oh So Crispy right outta the fryer.........they were fabulous....I've never had them before but am totally addicted now!I decided for the main entree to get the Emparedado de Pollo (chicken sandwich) and split it with my daughter. It consisted of sliced poached chicken breast on crusty bread with avocado, tomato and cilantro mayo, It came with french fries and Cuban Cabbage salad (see pics)They split the portions and you can see in my pic how much 1/2 was....HUGE!!First of all the bread was straight outta heaven, crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside, (they also serve this hot bread as a loaf with  butter to start with) a juicy chilled chicken breast, that's right it was cold and I LOVED IT!!! That cabbage salad was so crunchy and refreshing, laced with lime and cilantro...I'm already craving it again! I'm not big on fries but they were also hot crisp and delicious!I ordered a cup of the Caldo Gallego too, which is a hearty white bean and smoked ham soup with potatoes, turnips and green kale(see pics)...........Absolutely Wonderful....there is nothing like real homemade soup!They also have a Take Home menu of Family Dinners....what a great idea!! And they cater and have live music on Friday and Saturday nights!I highly recommend this place there is something for everyone, even Vegetarians.I didn't have room for dessert but there at least a dozen delectables on the menu that I fully intend on going back to try!
4	Went back here a couple weeks ago.Ordered the Yuca Frita (fried cassava root) kind of like a french fry but way better and the Fried Sweet Potato chips both served with Banana Guava Ketchup (see pics)WOW! That sauce is incredibly tasty and the sweet potatoes were sliced so thin they were the best I've had!Also decided to share the San Juan Combination Platter to Sample the special flavors of Puerto Rico which was :Pastele (Puerto Rican tamale),Mofongo (Crushed plantains and pork cracklings), Alcapurrias (Picadillo stuffed croquette made from tropical vegetable masa), Tostones (Twice fried green plantains), Arroz con Gandules (Pigeon peas cooked with rice, pork, olives and capers), Masasde Puerco Fritas (Marinated fresh pork pieces fried to a golden brown).Served with mojo. I was not crazy about this platter..mostly greasy, and too much meat stuff, go figure the vegetarian would pick this! The best part was the fried pork pieces which surprisingly were not greasy at all.Next time Im getting a salad!You really need to go here with a large group ..hint..hint..YELP EVENT!!The menu s so big and they give you so much, to really enjoy it all you need plenty of people to share with.
5	Cuban food? Never tried it? You don't know what you're missing. Havana's menu is delicious, extensive and includes the succulent Ropa Vieja. With respect to Lauren V.'s review, this is not Sonoran Mexican food at all and they share very few spices. There are no refried beans, no tortillas, no jalapenos, etc, etc. It is not "picante" food, simply well seasoned.Currently, through October, they've added to the regular Cuban menu, themes from each Latin American country. We've enjoyed the specials from Ecuador, Guatamela and Argentina--all positively fantastic.Certainly, most of the valley's "cocktail nation" has sipped a mojito(Ernest Hemingway's infamous drink) at various establishments--but, you must have one here--SUPERB!Excellent service and guitar music on Fridays and Saturdays.Get there with your date pronto!
2	I just now got back from a group lunch at Havana Cafe. Terrible Visit.Unbelievably SLOW  service (a TWO HOUR lunch? Are you serious?) and the food wasn't that great. I was really disappointed. I have been DYING to try Havana Cafe for a few weeks now and finally got my lunch buddies to go.We arrived at the restaurant at 12:09pm which I know for certain because I received a text at that time. We were seated and we ordered our drinks. By the time our drinks came everyone was ready to order their meal. We waited almost an hour before the bread basket was plopped on our table. We were expecting our meals shortly after. Our food was served to us over 1 hour after our arrival. I ordered the San Juan Combination plate that came with a little of everything. How do I say this nicely? Um, I don't think I will be ordering that again. The Pastele was old and dry. Usually when you cut into a tamal or pastele, it doesn't crumble or break. Mine did. The mofongo seemed like it was sat to dry out. It came out in two mounds and both mounds were greasy and dry (is that possible? yes.) The alcapurrias were tasty and tangy. Still a little greasy for my taste, but they were ok. I mean you can't wring out deep fried food. The tostones were not good. Again, something that was left to dry out. They were neither crispy nor edible. They were fried all to hell and I couldn't eat them. I took one bite of them and sat them aside. They made a lovely garnish though. The arroz con gandules was the highlight of the plate. The beans and rice were tender and tasty and the olives and capers gave the dish just enough zip. The masas de puerco fritas were greasy little chunks of pork that were ok once I dipped them in the mojo. All of us were underwhelmed with our meals. Nothing spectacular nothing amazing, and everyone commented that things were cold, or greasy.Next long wait, the check to be paid. We decided to split the check 6 ways. Easy right? Wrong. It took another 15 minutes to get that done. Just an FYI, parties of 6 or more get an automatic gratuity on their bill. The service was awful and I think 18% gratuity was very generous. We left at 2:08pm.I don't know if I'm brave enough to give Havana Cafe a try again. I might go back to try their drinks. Usually a good amount of alcohol makes anything taste good so that might boost their rating up a bit. I was really looking forward to Havana Cafe, but my friends and I agree that this place was disappointing.
5	All three Havana Cafes are terrific! I mainly frequent the Chandler Blvd. location, although the Camelback location rocks too (Love the wait staff!). The food is wonderful. This is not Mexican food! Last I checked, Cuba is a country unto itself folks! Here's my suggested selections if you are a first timer: Frituras de Fritjoles Negros or as I call them black bean fritters. They are served with a delicious avocado type dip. The tamale is another favorite. My friends love Havana's Calypso Chips. Ok, this isn't Cuban food, but their french fries are also a delicious appetizer. I usually drink their passion fruit ice tea. For my main course, I love the Polla Cubano...chicken marinated with lime, orange, garlic and sauteed with onions! There is a lot of onions, I kick off most of them to enjoy the flavor and the sauce. The dish is served with black beans atop of white rice and plantans. My dining partner loves the Pollo Ajillo which is chicken pieces sauteed with garlic, mushrooms and tomatoes along with Ensalada de Palmito which is a salad with hearts of Palm and a lime and garlic dressing. I sometimes get the Ensalada de Sevilla salad beforehand which is lettuce, orange slices and Spanish onions and avocado with citrus vinaigrette. Usually to follow up for desert we have rice pudding or their awesome coconut flan dishes. The wait staff is terrific (they had a girl in the Chandler location that was terrible, but she's gone now. Might explain the review from Dottsy Z. complaining about slow service. ) Nice ambiance and they also serve a mean Mojito, so check it out!
2	Was really looking forward to the food here and a little disappointed. I do have to say that we tried the gingered sweet potato and pumpkin soup and loved it! The tostones were deep deep fried and overdone. If they hadn't been overdone they would have been great - the mojo (i think it was a mojo that came with them) was pretty good.  We also each tried a little glass of sherry - the manzanilla on the menu - I've never had sherry before and can't really make an educated comment about it because I have no reference for what sherry is supposed to taste like - it reminded me a little bit of Sake - but I can be way off. It was interesting. For food one of us had the Pollo Cubano which was ok and the other had the catch of the day - I was a little disappointed in the catch of the day as I thought the focus of the dish would be the fresh fish but it ended up tasting more like the batter smothered with the creamy cheesy sauce. I might go back to try some other items on the menu.Nothing to complain about as far as the service- in fact our waiter was great.  We would have tried the dessert if we weren't so full.The live music was a great touch. Overall we enjoyed the ambiance but were disappointed in the food.
3	The Chandler location is located in a strip mall.  Strike one.The decoration of the Chandler location looks very ...80's? Strike two. (  I don't know how to describe it.  The Havana Cafe's Chandler location just doesn't look modern or even retro; the interior just looked outdated.)They got on base with the food.  We ordered "Tostones", which are twice fried plantains with a mojo garlic sauce and an order of Empanaditas for the appetizers for four of us.    Both were satisfying.For dinner, I ordered Pollo Cubano, chicken breast in light curry, lime, and garlic with sauteed sweet onions on top.   The winner at the table was the Gallina Frita, shredded chicken breast, pan fried with onions laced with a garlic sauce.   Can't decide from all the choices that sound good on the menu?  Do as my husband did and order the Dinner Sampler and try a variety.   At the end, we were too stuffed to try desert.  (Well, for the record, everyone else was too stuffed.  I would have been game to try something, but I didn't want to look like a pig :)I thought the food was good, but a overpriced for the meal.  Our service was spot on and attentative, but as the other reviews seemed to indicate, and our friends feedback validated, the service can be spotty.I say - try the place out.  We would definately go back.
4	I love a great mojito... I lived near here so a few of us walked over one nite for mojitos.. heres the thing.. the location takes away from the place.. The bar was lively...and had it been larger..itd be a truly great place to hang.. there was salsa music and strong mojitos... Truly good cuban food... I havent been to Cuba...But it reminded me alot of Puerto Rico... where I stumbled the streets of San Juan after alot of mojitos looking for my hotel! The staff even has the accent to match:-) They are attentive... We opted to get a table because we started feeling a bit claustophobic in the bar area... it was that crowded... we had tostones... fried sweet potatoes..pasteles... arroz con pollo... a sampler plate... and then took tres leches home.. piggies we were! Worth it ...it was...
4	This was my first experience trying Cuban food and I really enjoyed it. Not knowing what anything was on the menu, we ended up getting the Cuban Tapas Sampler, pumpkin soup, and the Dinner Sampler. Most of the items on the tapas sampler were fried and very heavy. So much food for 3 people! We hate wasting food so we ate almost all of it and for sure gained at least 1 pound that night. Our stomachs hurt later, so we weren't sure if it was the amount of food we had or the actual food. The three of us agreed that the masas de puerco (pork) in the dinner sampler, and the fritura de frijoles (black bean fritters I think) in the tapas sampler were amazing. I definitely want to come back here and try more!
5	Havana Cafe Chandler lost its lease...check out the other location on 44th Street & Camelback!
