4	Very good Korean food.  Pricey but good.  This is an off the strip trip that's worth it if you are looking for K-BBQ!  This is an odd pairing of a Japanese Sushi Bar with a Korean BBQ place.  I've never tried the Japanes food but I've had a chance to eat here 2 or 3 times for a Korean fix in my regular trips to Vegas to visit my family.  The Blu Go Gi, the Kal Bi, and Dae Ji Bul Go Gi are very good.  You have a choice of cooking (i believe) but we've always been too hungry to cook and just had the kitchen prepare everything.Pros:+ quality food!+ plentiful parking+ good serviceCons:- typically empty restaurant- high prices for Korean food (but the quality is good!)
4	Generally speaking, I love this place. The atmosphere is tops, the space inside is huge, the decor rocks, and the food is very high quality. I didn't feel it was overpriced unless things have changed dramatically in the last year.My friend and I went on the early side -- 5 or 6pm and we were unrewarded with Shilla's two downsides: service with attitude and a belated sushi chef. When the Korean queen who worked there came to serve us, he flung attitude at us in every which direction. I was also disappointed by not being able to order raw fish bibimbap "because the sushi chef wasn't there yet."This is really my only complaint, however. I thought the food was excellent and unlike another Korean joint I'd recently tried across the street from Chinatown, the portions were ample and not stingy. The experience was made all the more glorious by being able to escape Las Vegas restaurant mediocrity and sink our teeth into something tasty and top notch.Very recommended. I suggest going after 7pm to avoid "the sushi chef not being there."
4	If you wanna go off strip and eat somewhere 'normal' and kinda feel like Korean, this is THE place to go. The food is excellent. OK, you'll smell like a BBQ when you walk out, but the food is great and the panchan is also really good.Whenever we've been it's always been a 99% Korean clientele -- with us being the 1%. Prices are not cheap, but no more than what you would pay in the LA/OC area. Just a thought since I don't particularly like to eat on the strip at the hotels where everything is overpriced and often, not really all that good. Plus, it's the same stuff over and over again. I like variety thank you very much.
3	This is definately a good place to go if you're craving korean food while in vegas. Off the strip which is something i love to get away from after being there for too long.  The service i got was eh... i had to get my own menu, took too long to order and too long to get our food. there was only one other table in there for lunch.
4	Delicious. Very clean with lots of parking.
3	I was introduced to this restaurant years ago, by some Korean co-workers who took me to lunch here. I had the Bi Bim Bap, which was sooooo good. It's my favorite Korean dish to this day- an egg on top of, tender beef, mixed vegetables, spinach, and kimchee, over white rice and hot sauce- that you mix all together, served in a stainless bowl. We used to come here for the lunch special- shrimp fried rice- which really sounds weird to get here, but it's really good. They don't offer the special on holidays, so we stopped coming (yet the sign advertising it still stands outside). (I went here with a friend for the sushi special but he didn't like it.) The service is ok. Usually, there is maybe two other parties at most, like the other reviewers mentioned. The server would disappear, maybe to the other side, which is a sushi bar. I also agree with one of the reviewers that this place needs a makeover or something because it looked a little tired the last time. There are so many other Korean restaurants now that I would rather go elsewhere.
1	Oh my.... this is not the same shilla I knew few years back.  Horrible service and NO taste.  This is NOT the same Shilla of the glory days.  I think they are trying...but need to try harder if they want to stay in business.  Over priced on most of the menu and the few that we had, 'Mixed Seafood Jungol' and other dishes were forgettable.
3	I have been to Shilla Korean BBQ several times while staying in Las Vegas on business. The Atmosphere is ok, sometimes the tables are sticky, but the food is really good. I have been there while it has been busy and other times my table was the only one with people in the restaurant. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and you will walk out of here with a full belly. The traditional Korean dishes are always good, the salad they bring out is also tasty. Overall, I will come back here.
3	TIME SPENT1 meal @ DinnertimeLAYOUTsmall, adequate wooden furniture...  some tear in booth seating.   i was seated near the bathroom and noticed a mildew and strange odors.^^;SERVICE/FOODprompt, attentive, and friendly...  my waiter was VERY talkative after he found out my party knew about the Nintendo/Atari era.^^;the food was not bad and the sides and salads were surprisingly good.   but the mildew and odors may have ruined an otherwise good meal. T.TPRICINGaverage.^^  actually, kinda lower than average...  maybe the owners of Shilla knew about the sub-par LAYOUT and decided to save themselves with good pricing.CLOSINGa good meal cannot substitute for a bad overall experience.   i'm willing to pay a couple more dollars for less smell and better furniture.^^;
2	Ok... I'm kind of indifferent about this place. The food was pretty good but in my opinion it was overpriced. The atmosphere was nice at first but if you really pay attention it loses its appeal. The waiter was nice but barely spoke English and being a foreigner myself, this really annoys me. I believe the novelty of these places is that you cook your own food but the two waiters kept coming over and messing with the heat and flipping our meat. I am a chef and trust me when I say that about half of the time it was unnecessary. Over all it was a good experience but I must say it is extremely doubtful I will return.
2	I was here 3 years ago when I throw a farewell party for a couples that going to move to Colorado. They were the one who chose the restaurant. To be honest I do not like the food here.To me the food here(except Japanese food)tasted like they has been influenced by western cuisine.The service is pretty slow.The bathroom is not so clean.The restaurant is kind of dark and stuffy.The price is ok.I am kind of wonder why it rated 4 stars in Yelp. For me I am not impressed.
2	There was not a soul dinning at this restaurant when I arrived, that should have been my sign to leave, but the hostess was really nice so I decided to give it a try.  I had the Bulgogi and it was decent, but the price was outlandish.  $30 for the exact same dishes that I have gotten at other Korean joints for $10-$15, that this was not worth double or triple the price.  The restaurant decor is really old and outdated and the places feels a little grimy.  I would skip this place.  The only reason I am giving it two stars is because the lady was really nice.
3	The food is really good, service is great  our waiter is very personable  and he catered to our kids which was really nice. We had two orders of kalbi ,seafood pancake and 3 sodas which ran us $80. Pretty darn expensive compared to the other Korean restaurants I have eaten at but we cleared every dish served including every little side dish they gave. The interior decor is outdated and the parking lot is not well lit enough for me to feel safe.
3	Was driving around Vegas with a friend from Torrance who was kind of homesick.  We decided to try this Korean place.  It was around 8:00 pm on a Saturday night and the place was mostly deserted.  We thought it might be closed, but the door was unlocked so in we went.  The decor was kind of old and cheesy.  It reeked of BBQ and the floor was properly greasy like most Korean BBQ places, so we decided to stay.  The service was adequate.  They only served Korean and American beer.  I asked my friend what he'd like, but he couldn't make up his mind.  We settled on standard fare:  Bulgogi and Kalbi, Kim chee jigae and Hite beer.  Overall the food was just OK, nothing to get excited about.  Banchan were below par in my opinion.  Overall, just an OK meal.  However, when the bill came I was shocked.  Over $100 for that meal?   I paid and left.  The food was just fair, the price was way too much.  Now I know why the place was mostly empty.  I don't know Las Vegas that well, but I'm sure there are other Korean places there that don't charge so much.
3	For some reason, we decided to venture off to get some Korean BBQ.Found this place on yelp and headed over.This place is ok, considering Vegas has such great eats, this place was ok.Compared to other Korean BBQs this place was ok.Nothing stood out. Even now, I try to remember something specific about it, it's a struggle.If you have to have Korean BBQ, then this place will do just fine, if you can wait, I'd go sample some other food delights that Vegas has to offer.Just my 2c.
5	This place is amazing. My friend invited to go because she thinks it a great place, and it lived up to what she said. The place says Korean BBQ the place has amazing sushi. The chef spoke with us the whole time. He was very kind and the food was great. He listened to what you liked and not liked and made great recommendations. The place was clean and my glass was always full.
5	Korean Cuisine, best I have found. Highly recommend! Nice dining experience, BBQ in the table. Drink Meal with OB golden lagers. I will be back very soon. $$$  worth every penny. check out
4	My wife and i were really in the mood for Korean. Found this place using yelp, and I'm glad we did. Great service, great food. Las Vegas can be tough, sometimes the food just isn't worth the price. In this restaurant, it is fantastic...pricey, but worth it.
4	Get down here before August 1 for their grand opening special $11.95 for lunch $15.95 dinner, for all you can eat sushi or Korean BBQ, if u want both add an extra $5. The Sushi and Korean BBQ are both decent not extraordinary, but it is nice to be able get both at the same time for AYCE. I would consider the meat slightly better than Sura with more meat selections and better priced.
3	This 3 star rating is based on what the prices will be after the end of July.  For the current grand opening prices of $15.95 for dinner AYCE sushi or korean bbq and $12.95 for lunch, I would give it 4 stars.  We decided just to opt for the korean bbq by itself.  AYCE Korean BBQ and sushi is available for $5 extra which is a nice option that other restaurants in Vegas do not have.  The Korean BBQ and sushi sections are separated.  This is a good thing, since the Korean BBQ area is HOT! I'm a little sensitive to warm temperatures and with all the grills going, it really seemed like the AC wasn't working properly and the vents over each table weren't working properly.  The decor is a little dated and has an old school feel, which matches the location of this restaurant.The cuts of meat I feel were average and on par with all the other AYCE Korean restaurants.  The galbi, kobe beef belly, boneless short rib (dinner only) were the best cuts of the night.  The pork belly was pretty average.  The barbeque steak (dinner only) was horrible and a waste of stomach space.  It ended up being tough and dry (and no it was not the cooking technique).  Other options available that we didn't get a chance to try are the chicken, marinated pork, bulgogi, brisket, octopus, intestine.  On the AYCE appetizer menu, there's steamed egg, gyoza, crisped rice, mixed tempura, and chap chae.  The ban chan selection was average with kim chee, cucumbers, bean sprouts, and a sweet marinated dried fish.So don't be fooled by the picture of the crystal cooking plate in the pictures, out of the 10 tables that were there, only one lucky table got to use it.  By far it is not the standard.  Most of the cooking plates are these gold colored plates that burn and stick badly compared to the cast iron ones at other locations.  They did change out the plate once for us since I turned it off because it was smoking so badly.  One older asian lady was outraged that she was not given the crystal plate and went up to the staff and complained loudly.  They ushered her back to the table and quieted her....not sure what the response was in regards to one table getting the magical crystal plate.  I did notice the crystal plate didn't smoke and burn like the older gold cooking plates.  So overall, great value for the current grand opening price.  For $25.95 for AYCE korean BBQ and $29.95 for AYCE korean bbq and sushi later....I'd probably pass.
3	Yes the grand opening special $16 for AYCE krn bbq is great and all but its still not worth it in my book. First off, parking. IF this place ever gets off, where will all the customers park? Is everyone forced to carpool? because there are literally only 20 spots and its a cramped lot. Gotta fix that.Secondly, service. Our service didn't suck as bad as everyone else's but it was still bad. I mean the servers try to be nice and all but they did forget a couple of dishes. I also don't mind them cooking for us, however  much of our food turned out burnt. boo.Lastly but most importantly, the food was just not that good. I really like strong flavors and both the marinated bulgogi and galbi were too bland for my taste. The other meats were also too dry and chewy.. maybe an indication that stuff wasn't too fresh? There was also a lack of variety in the AYCE appetizers. Sure gyoza and the steamed egg are good and all but I wanted more. I mean you're up against all the other AYCE krn bbq places in Vegas.. step it up yo.
3	At the grand opening price of 18.99 for AYCE bbq & sushi lunch I can't complain.  Oh yeah this is Yelp so, I guess I can.  We've had 4 star Korean & we've had 1 star sushi all at the same time here.  Skip the sushi altogether. Stale fish.  The bbq was decent.  Wagyu beef belly, short ribs & spicy pork were good.  Some of the flavors left much to be desired.  There are tons of worker bee's making sure the drinks were full.  Service was funny and pleasant.  We were going to be seated in a booth then a manager said, "Oh we put them in da tabol, he's a beeg boi." hahaha.  Being a pacific islander I don't take offense.  We had our meats placed on the grill for us.  I had to flag them down to, uh, turn the grill on haha.  Growing pains.  They were all trying very hard, so I appreciate that.  Towards the end some actually "biig boys" came in and they had to be seated at the other end of our table.  Those guys..  Big haas and bubba immediatly began oogling our grill.  I'm sure our meat felt violated, hahahaa.  This price is validated as they are all new to business,  but after this price goes up we will probably be going back to Gangnam or Wagyu for korean.
1	Be aware that if you do not speak the language, you will absolutely be taken care of last.  Such a darn shame because the food was good, when my friend wa$ not getting burned from the grill that was ridiculously close to the seating.Quite okay though, because as another excuse rolled in, I realized that even at the opening prices,  no doubt would I prefer going over to Tofu Hut. At least there, they will not treat you worse than the table next to you.  They will treat all of you the same.  Bad service? Yeah, it was that obvious.  I told the nice owner that I would put a review.  One server that served our area and a single chef for a weekend night? Hmmmm.....never, ever coming back to this place.
1	I heard that the owner of the restaurant was changed, so I went there to check out. Parking lot was packed. There was very narrow space to park. Overall, one star is just enough. BBQ section smelled so bad (not enough ventilation) and so hot! I was sweating a lot and I still can smell BBQ from my clothes and from my hair.Food was not good too. They lie to customers who don't know what Kobe beef is. They DO NOT have Kobe beef, just cheap junk to eat. Only four side dishes came, tasted so so. Fountain drink tasted metalic, and I saw no bubbles at all. It seemed like there were many servers, but no one checked our table while we were eating although they came back so fast when I asked for the check. I had to call the server a few times to get more salad. I would never recommend this restaurant. I will never go back. But if you want meat for cheap price, now it's the time to enjoy $15.99 dinner AYCE BBQ. After that it will jump up to $25.99.
2	Before you come here, lets get the most important thing out of the way.GET YOURSELF THE ROSETTA STONE KOREAN LANGUAGE LEARNING PROGRAM OR BRING SOMEONE THAT SPEAKS KOREAN!Apparently, these guys are trying to be so authentic that they hired Korean staff that hardly speaks any english. I asked for a fork and dude says, "You want spicy pork?" I said yes because I love spicy pork but at the same time I really wanted a fork because I am chopstick challenged. I dont have any patience to use that crap.Anyways, I came here because of their grand opening special of AYCE bbq 12.95 for lunch and 15.95 for dinner. Add 5 dollars more if you want AYCE sushi with that. Come August 1st its going up to 20.95 for lunch and 25.95 for dinner. The 5 dollar sushi AYCE sushi option still applies.Keep in mind that you pick out what you want on the menu and they bring it out to you on plates. It's not like Sura where you get up and get whatever you want and bring it back to your table. We ordered Short Ribs, Brisket, Bulgogi, Pork Belly, and Chicken. The short ribs and Barbequed Steak (which they were out of) are only available for dinner. All that we ordered was really good except for the chicken which was kind of dry. Besides the language barrier as the first major disappointment, im sorry to say that there were more to add to it. One was the parking or should I say lack there of. The parking lot is small and the spaces are narrow. Dont be surprised if your car has a few more dings or dents when you come out to leave. I recommend parking on the street. Next, the grills they have you use are gold colored and are not designed properly. When cooking fatty foods like Pork Belly, there is no place for all the excess oil to drain except the sides of the grill where they can catch fire. Ours did and we had to turn off the fire so they can extinguish the flames. One of the bussers came up and sprayed some kind of all purpose cleaner to put the fire out but it caused it to flare up and almost burn our faces. Im glad I didnt get burned or there would have been a severe lawsuit pending. All they could say was, "Oh, sorry". From that point on, our server would come by and mop up any excess oil off the grill with napkins. Really? I dont ever recall any Korean Bbq joint doing this.I would also like to mention that they have these crystal grills that you can use as well. We were not offered this option and would have turned it down anyway because of my friends that tried it several days ago said it sucked.Some random info: Hours are 11 am to 12 midnight every day. Lunch is from 11 to 3 pm. Dinner is 3 pm to closing (12 midnight). Makes me wonder if you can sneak in right at 2:45 to get charged lunch price and get dinner items. If you try it and it works, let me know. Lol. Also, dont eat here if you are wearing nice clothes or are planning to go to a nice or formal event. The smoke from the barbeque stays in your hair and clothes. I made the mistake of eating at a Korean barbeque restaurant right before going to a graduation ceremony. Everybody was looking around wondering if somebody was barbequeing somewhere close by and ironically thats what people wanted to eat for dinner as soon as the event ended. So in closing, I suggest that if you wanna try this place out, bad service and all, now would be the time because of the promo price. Then, you can decide if its worth any future trips when they charge regular price. For me that's a negative captain. Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #162 "Only YOU can prevent Korean barbeque grill fires"
5	I went here yesterday and I got the best service I ever got at a restaurant. The waiter helped me on the grill constantly checked on me to see if everything was ok, the food was great and so was the service and everything was A++++ pricing was great as well it came out to around $18.I am going back to Vegas for my Birthday next month I will try there sushis.
3	Came last week for the grand opening special during lunch and thought it was ok. For about 12 bucks for AYCE Korean BBQ, the grand opening special is a great value and we thought the meats and some appetizers were really good, although service were a little lacking. Keeping in mind that this business is under new management, and there might be some kinks that need ironing out, I'm giving my experience a 3-star rating which was really difficult because...well...just read my review:The interior is a little dated and it is super hot inside, most likely because there are grills on every table and everyone is grilling at the same time. Not sure if the big copper looking vents above each table work because they were silent, but I didn't think we smelled too bad after leaving which was good.We got set up with a crystal grill top when we sat down that I thought was pretty cool and it definitely retained heat a lot better than a normal grill top and was non stick as well. I realized after talking to my friends that came on subsequent days that there were apparently 3 different types of grill tops but I think I would still prefer the crystal. I was still able to grill meat 15 min after the flame was turned off by one of the staff...this wouldn't have been possible on a traditional grill top. The secret is to wait until the crystal heats up before placing the meats on top. The staff did not allow us to heat up the grill after switching us out to a clean one and threw all our meat on top of the grill for us while it was still cold. This pissed us off, especially because we prefer to cook our own food and don't appreciate them butting in and grabbing our meat/tongs off the table, especially if they're going to screw it up and do it the wrong way. They also kept trying to serve us cooked meat with our tongs that had been used to touch and flip raw meat, making us a little uneasy. Not sure why they have to be so controlling!Also, there appeared to be a language barrier and we were unable to get items that we needed such as napkins, water and sauce refills and additional orders. When the servers came by we attempted to communicate things that we needed each time. They would either have a confused look on their face or acknowledge us and then never return with the item requested. We asked about 4-5 times for more sauce before we got it. Same with napkins. One of the servers even blamed me for Michael K not having a plate even though she was the one that never brought him one! WTF! If I had to rate service alone, it'd be a 1 star rating for sure! Either bring a Korean speaking friend or expect to have to ask 4-5 times for everything you need.Food quality was better than I had expected and the meats appeared fresh and well marinated. My favorites were the bone-in galbi and pork belly. Just don't let the staff see you cutting meat while it's raw or they will give you a lecture about waiting until it's cooked. Really? With scissors and tongs that have already been touching raw meat? This will also make them want to cook and serve your food for you....if I wanted that then I would have gone to Bennihana or something. With all the service issues I am not sure how they'll ever have a good customer service rating...because of this, they're definitely not worth more than their grand opening special and once their price goes back up to normal I would not come back or recommend this place because you'll be here forever trying to grill and eat just 2 plates of meat due to service issues and waiting on your orders, drinks, napkins, sauce, etc.I also would not recommend doing both sushi and BBQ together...pick one or the other and sit at the designated section. Tony T sat with us in the room with all the table grills and it took him forever to get his sushi orders and some of them were wrong or confused for something else. If you want sushi, go sit at the sushi bar near the front door!
5	Have a really cool dinner tonight, i got the sushi and BBQ. The sushi is fresh rice with a big piece of fresh fish on top,  BBQ are fresh and taste sweet. Server with shiny smile they teach me how to do the BBQ help me a lot, I am happy to having a delicious food in this wonderful restaurant .
4	I dont know how its pronounced but I always think of http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wbL2lMn34Oo Due to their surrounding area Ive never thought of trying Shilla until now. Since they were offering an almost half off grand reopening special why not. When I got there for weekend lunch I had no problem with parking, even got one closest to the door. When I left it was about half capacity. If it ever gets to a point where they were out of parking in their parking lot then theres some street parking along the front.The interior seemed nice. There were 3 dining areas one for sushi, one for KBBQ , and another I don't remember. I could be wrong but some of the decor seeemed more Japanese. Its just something I noticed, didnt bother me or anything.So down to business. I came here to chow down on some Korean BBQ and by chow down I mean eat until I cant move or they kick me out. Round 1 was a good quantity of thinly sliced beef brisket. The quality was excellent. Our cooking surface was a clear crystal thing which I was kind of doubting how it would cook the meats but it actually worked out well, no big raging flare up, no big clouds of smoke that gets in your closes, and it cooked the meats about the same as your normal metal grilling surface. Back to the beef brisket. It taste so good that it really didnt need any seasoning except if you wanted it a little spicy you can dump some hot sauce on it. Since it was thinly sliced it cooked in a matter of seconds.Round 2 short ribs! I love short ribs especially korean style short ribs. I dont even remembered how many I ate. It wasnt to overly marinated and again an excellent quality meat.  Some people like them cooked all the way with it tough and charred, not me, I'll cook it until right before it charred.Round 3 pork belly. Its pork belly just cook it and all in the world is right once you start eating. Not gonna lie but after completing Round 3 I was sweating a little cause it was getting hot and I was filling up. Took a little break to wipe the sweat off my face and said I have to do Round 1-3 again with the same quantity. Round 4 and 5 was a breeze. Then they decided to offer some beef belly also so here they brought a plate full of beef belly. So Round 6 was a huge portion of nothing but beef and pork belly. It was a pretty greasy Round 6 but it was so good, I needed soda and some salad to cut the grease. I was actually thinking of doing it all over again but after seeing almost everyone arrive and leave while I was feasting for 2 hrs straight I felt like they wanted me to STOP. Well they didnt have a time limit but if they do later on, my bad.The sides were OK though I really didn't try to fill up on it, wasted stomach space. There werent a lot of variety and the quality wasnt the best Ive had but edible.The service for most part were pretty good. They occasionally placed meats on the grill and cut them. They refilled drinks, sides, and plates of meat. There were a couple hiccups but nothing I'd ding them too much on. When I wanted to start drinking soda in the middle of eating the elderly lady seemed to have forgotten and I had to ask another person to bring it. When I wanted the bill they took forever.Overall, at least for the AYCE KBBQ option, I'll give them a 4 star cause thats the only option that mattered to me. I'll be back again even when the price is regular, the quality is better than any of the other AYCE KBBQ places Ive been to in Vegas.
2	The place smells like sewer... Parking not Enough... Service was ok but there's still room for improvements!They offered All U Can Eat but they ran out of a lot of things even a simple tofu for the salad, they don't have it!!!!! What kind of Restaurant is THIS!?!?!?!?!?
1	Horrible!!! The servers don't have a clue. Sat there for 30 minutes and servers just walked by. Waived your hand, they nod and guess what still no one comes by. Unbelievable how this place functions.
1	It is my first time been here after they changed owner. Won't be here anymore,bad Service and waiting for long time to get the food,they lost the order list but keep telling me that the food is coming!
4	Rolls where pretty fresh tasting. Not bad for 20$ under new management price. Not sure for how long its up so take advantage!! Sushi maker Bon is on point and attentive Korean BBQ is under the same roof too. All in all good experience. Kanpaii!!
5	Visiting Vegas for a Star Trek convention this past weekend, my wife, son and I wanted to try something different than what was offered in the resorts and we wanted to be away from the strip.  So we ventured to the Korean BBQ place that we found through Yelp.  Not all the reviews were favorable but we gave it a shot There was a decent amount of space for parking and immediately found a parking spot.  As we entered the establishment, we were quickly greeted and asked about our dining needs.  We told him that we wanted Korean BBQ and was led to our table amongst many other BBQ diners.  As we sat down, we were asked for our drink requests -- easy, waters (3x) please.  A very pleasant young woman came to our table and handed us the menus.  The prices were very reasonable and they even had a AYCE Korean BBQ & Sushi/Sashimi combo.  Again, the prices were very reasonable and to our surprise, they were having a promotion of giving $5.00 discount off the prices we saw printed on the menus.We told her that we wanted the AYCE Korean BBQ.Minutes later, our drinks arrived which was followed by the usual Korean side dishes -- Mmmmm kimchi and spicy lettuce/salad.Let the AYCE Korean BBQ begin.We ordered 2 AYCE dinners and 1 1/2 price AYCE dinner for our son.First round: - Beef Bulgogi - Samgyubsal (pork belly) - Dak Bulgogi (chicken) - Jukoomi (baby octopus) - Gyeran Jjim (steamed egg casserole) - Gyoza (dumplings)Second round: - Joomulluk (boneless short rib) - Saeng Deung Sim (steak) - Steamed riceThird round: - Chadol (beef brisket) - Galbi (short rib w/ bone) - Gyeran JjimAfter all that, we called it quits and asked for the check.  All throughout the dining period, we were checked upon, they made sure that we had our meats available for cooking.  In general, we were quite pleased with the entire experience.As we got up from our table and proceeded toward the exit, we were asked to come again.  Unfortunately, we leave for home (Maryland) the next day.I will make a note of it to visit the place again when the opportunity presents itself.
2	Rating based on the BBQ buffet (sushi not included for what we came in for)It was an ok place. Nothing spectacular, even in food. I loved their gyozas though. We went during the grand opening promo period (which seems to be going on for a while....) so the price of $15 was fine. The grill was tiny, perfect for two persons. They bring out little portions at a time. Not recommended to have 4 hungry adults sharing one table. Would I go for the full price? Definitely not. Would I ever come back again? Likely not. If I had paid full price, I would've left pretty disappointed---could've gone elsewhere, paying a few bucks more for quality and quantity.Five stars for friendly staff though.
5	Very clean. Very good servers even the restaurant owner came in our table to help us cook the meat.  Excellent customer service. You should try this place.
5	This place was great! Me and a friend got the Shilla A and his girl got the all you can eat sushi. His girl loved the sushi. She said it looked great and tasted even better. I got the thin sliced beef and the chicken while my friend got the pork belly and the rib eyeand everything was really flavorful! The lady attending us was super friendly and was very helpful. All this for my first time trying Korean BBQ!Definitely coming here again when I visit Vegas next time.
4	Shilla Korean BBQ has been around for quite sometime in the city of Las Vegas. I remember this being the first Korean BBQ restaurant I'd ever tried when my family first moved to Las Vegas in 2005. That being said, I fell in love with their potato salad which needless to say - is the only place in town that serves this as one of their appetizers. I'm too nervous however to ask the Korean women how they make it, I'm sure it's a secret recipe. I however, recently went back there with my older sister for Sunday supper and the place was completely dead (perhaps because it was Sunday and everyone was at church is what I'd like to assume)Anyhow, I order the Kalbi Tang my sister order a Seafood Sundubu and it was great. The food is on point the establishment is clean and tidy. The place has good customer service and I think the only thing preventing Shilla from getting more customers on a Sunday afternoon is probably the restaurant location. It's a bit tucked away on the corner of Sahara.
1	The food was pretty good, but the place was filthy and the wait staff was beyond confused.  We ordered Korean BBQ, but instead of the normal metal grate over the flame they offered us a thick glass dish to cook our meats.  This worked less than okay, resulting in longer than normal cook times and much greasier meat.  Furthermore, obtaining water refills was quite a challenge.Later in the evening when we attempted to use the restroom, it was in poor repair, as well as poor cleanliness.
