4	If you are in Charlotte, and looking for the best place to take your dry cleaning...look no further than Dry Clean City.There are three locations...but the closest to Uptown is on Abbey Place (close off of Montford near Park Road).Every day, each piece of dry cleaning is only $2.25, which includes a service charge to allow for the business to remain environmentally friendly.Any non-clothing piece (bedding, pillows, etc.) have additional costs, but they are still the most reasonable store in town...and the quality is always top notch.  Also, if you have a wedding dress that has been hanging in your closet that you need to get cleaned -- for $125, they will clean and preserve that treasured garment for you.  I promise there is no place in town that will quote that price.Finally, they are reliable and friendly.  You drop-off clothes one day...and they are cleaned and ready within two business days.  We love Dry Clean City and hope that others will find them and enjoy their services, too!
4	I like this place! Very affordable ($2.25 a piece) and they do a good job! I would definitely recommend giving them a try.
2	Be warned... YOU WILL NEVER PAY $2.49 PER GARMENT. I think fellow Yelpers should know how their "Environmental Surcharge" works. For starters. I've being coming to this place for over 2 years b/c it's on my way to work. Great friendly Staff, dry cleaning is what you would expect.... BUT you should know their marketing/pricing strategy is very misleading/deceptive.Classic Bait and Switch.... get lured in by the $2.49 per garment... but when you drop off a shirt to be dry cleaned for $2.49 you get charged an additional $1.50 for their "Environmental Fee" totaling to $4.00 + Tax FOR ONE SHIRT (something tells me it's not being donated to forest conservation) You literally cannot walk out of Dry Clean City spending less than $4.00.Instead of leading people to believe they are paying 2.25 per garment... maybe they should just include it in their total price like every other honest cleaner I have ever used. Oh yeah, AND you will be double charged the fee if you bring more than 8 garments at a time. Literally penalizing you for giving them more business. And they won't tell you either, so unless you examine your receipt or pull a calculator out it may sneak past you.FYI. I recently started going to the place across the street under the bowling alley and they charge $1.49 per shirt WITH NO FEE. Despite the good relationship I've had with the folks at Dry Clean City... I just can't justify this latest round of price hikes. Sorry guys :(2 stars -- Good service but dishonest and discreet charges differ from what they market
1	I would not recommend taking "dry clean only" clothing here. Out of three garments with three different fabrics, all were returned damaged. I had such high hopes for this place. I liked the location and the staff, but will not go back nor recommend.
3	This place is insanely cheap. They charge the same amount for every garment. As someone who gets peeved at the ridiculous dry cleaning prices women are charged compared to men, this place has a special place in my heart. With that said, the clothes I bring here get clean, but they have kind of a weird smell and texture.
1	I would not recommend this place at all. I came here because I had a coupon with a $25 value.  When I first walked in, I was ignored and waited at the front for someone to finally come take my clothes. The woman at the front desk was not friendly and mumbled the whole time so I couldn't understand her. When I came back to pick up my clothes the following week, the place smelled of strong body odor. I brought my 3 sweaters home and they reeked a sour smell. Never coming back here.
