5	Most impressive.  I love castles, and this is a great one, standing proudly at the center of a great city, which makes it that much more compelling.Don't miss:Mons Meg, the gigantic cannonStunning views of the city and environsSt Margaret's Chapel (the oldest building in the complex)The Scottish Royal HonoursDavid's (II) Tower, where the Honours were hidden during WWIIThe Great HallGreat story from my first visit back in 2002:  Inside the Royal Honours exhibit, an attendant, an older gentleman, was telling us the history of the Stone of Scone--how it had been stolen by the Edward I in the thirteenth century, stored in Westminster Abbey and used in English/British coronations ever since, and then returned recently by Queen Elizabeth.  He then told us that the Scots had agreed to lend the stone to Westminster for future coronations of the British monarch.  My friend asked in a lighthearted fashion, "What happens if they don't return it?" at which the old man's face darkened, and he said bitterly "They had BETTER return it."  And that was the end of the lecture.  Brilliant.
5	Some douchebag told me that "Hearst Castle" is a "castle"That really cracks me upIt's funny how nobody understand the concept of "Castle" until they come here.
4	An excellent castle.  We wandered around the castle for hours and had an amazing time.  We were surprised when they shot a cannon at 1PM, and apparently they do that every day.  We went back the next day to discover that there was an admission fee.  I don't know how we missed that the day before.  Oops.If you've never seen a real castle, this is the place to lose your castle virginity.
5	What an impressive Castle.  I visited in 1988 and will never forget it.  We enjoyed our visit to Edinburgh and had some terrific Chinese and Italian Cuisine whilst there.
5	What makes Edinburgh one of the most unique cities in the world is the Edinburgh Castle.Sure there are a lot of castle throughout the world but this one sits in the middle of the city, high on a hill, looking down on you no matter if you are a tourist, a business traveler or a local.  It is always there in the background to remind you that you are in Edinburgh.
4	David R. mentioned all the right spots! It's definitely a place you should check out but you don't have to listen to me, the castle reels people in anyway after a day of looming over you while visiting anywhere in Edinburgh.
5	Despite the rumblings of my Glaswegian in-laws, Edinburgh Castle is in fact *not* inferior to Stirling - they are on equal footing.  They are both impressive edifices looming up from quite fortuitously placed volcanic remains.  Edinburgh Castle absolutely lives up to its hype; it has several facets and crannies and vistas to inspire many an oooh and an aaah.
5	I don't see how anyone can NOT like this castle.  It is the most fabulous structure sitting on top of a volcano overlooking the entire city.  You can see it overshadowing the buildings from almost every vantage point around.  It's truly spectacular.  I love it!
5	This was an amazing castle, adding to the amazing experience of Edinburgh.  I thoroughly enjoyed looking at some of the older sections of the castle - it was fun to imagine what it would have been like when it was built.The view of Edinburgh city from the castle is also quite breathtaking.  Compared to some of the other castles in Scotland, it's neat to see this very old, spectacular piece of history right in the middle of a modern city.If you are in Edinburgh, this is a MUST see!
4	If one has never been to Edinburgh and only has time to do ONE thing, then Edinburgh Castle is SURELY it.  It really is magnificent... seeing the Honours of Scotland is a memory I will never forget.Personally I think the price (especially if you do the audio guide too for 3.50) is a little steep, but I had an explorer pass so I saved considerably on it.I probably won't go again, if I did then it would give it 5 stars.
4	I was in Edinburgh on business for 2 days and had a free afternoon. I took the bus in to the old town and visited the castle.I highly recommend the audio tour because you can do it at your own pace. You walk from place to place and punch in a # shown on a sign at each point of interest. The explanations are brief with an option to get more detail if you are interested.The Castle and the history was captivating. I found myself spending 10 minutes at each station and spent 3 hours going through all the mini-museums.
5	A mighty fortress was all I could think to say! It was magnificant! Again we took the guided tour and were given more background and history to last a lifetime.Our guide was a fiery little red head who was so witty and kept us all very interested.(if you see a little waif in a black hat , get her as your guide!) LOTS of walking in this castle.Up hills and down. Up stairs and down. YOu'll be ready for a pint in the Cafe/restaurant! If you go to Scotland this castle is the one to see.
5	This castle is truly fantastic, it seems as though the entire history of Scotland is contained behind the stone walls of this structure that will keep you occupied for several hours. Those with a particular interest in military history will be very happy with what the castle has in it's various museums.
5	Edinburgh Castle is a must see, maybe on the pricey side as we first thought but once inside and with the aid of an audio guide it's worth the price of the tickets. Had a wonderful morning there, you will need 3 hours a least to get everywhere, make the most of the place and to listen to the guide properly. The views are fantastic, but you will need a clear day to make the most of them. We walked in on an actress doing her bit in full costume and she will grab you to perform with her if you look like you are going to run Fun, informative and delightful visit.
5	Awe inspiring, especially for the heart of a major city - so medieval - stark - sheer - Middle Earth - fantastic. Didn't have time to go in, but wandered round the edges in the morning light - took some snaps - beautiful - highlight of the trip from my tiny insignificant little point of view.
5	I only got to spend a few hours in Edinburgh - we were visiting family in Newcastle and took a day trip to this wonderful city.  The place we spent the most time was at the castle and it didn't disappoint.
5	Romantic and beautiful with sweeping views of the city. Well worth a visit but here's some free advice BUY YOUR ADMISSION ONLINE BEFORE YOU GO OR YOU WILL END UP WAITING IN A 2 HOUR QUEUE TO GET IN.During high tourist season the crowd is intense. Buy your ticket online and get there early!
5	I loved our trip to Edinburgh Castle, it really is a must see attraction in this beautiful city. We arrived around 10:30am and the waiting timefor a tickets was about 20 minutes, it seems a while but it is more than worth it. The castle is huge once your inside and the views over the city are spectacular! I would say to try and get in for the ceremonial 1pm cannon shot which is everday apart from Sundays and Christmas day. The addmission price is pretty reasonable and the staff are very friendly and never mind answering any questions that guests may have. Once we left the castle we continued our way down the famous royal mile and into Edinburghs old town.
4	A must see,a good family half day but probably needs more than one visit.Kids free in October helped.
4	i spent the better part of a slightly drizzly afternoon here last week.  so so pretty.  even with the cold and the rain. seeing lovely things like jewels and crowns and all the various nooks and crannies to be found was quite lovely.  the admission's a bit steep, but it's really a must-do in edinburgh. the views of the city are to die for and the history is fascinating.
5	It surely is worth the visit. Its just amazing how this castle was built and so much is preserved in it.Give yourself a good 4 hours to see the castle. Lots of opportunity to take some great pictures. Do not forget to visit the little chapel thats there in the castle...
5	i came here with my fiancee a little while back.. it's one of the more memorable places in all of scotland.. give yourself about 3-4 hours to full take in the entire experience.. and don't forget to get their early to avoid the lines..
4	When I finally got to the Castle I had decided 2 things:1. I was never going smoke again, because after the walk I just did, made me feel like an old man, and thus, I probably would've have been able to enjoy the castle a bit more2. Scots are people to!only joking, I love Scotland, my Gran is from these parts. The Castle was an excellent place to visit. All the staff a helpful and love working there, which I find rare in this industry. So many stories and the history of the place is great to hear as well. When your in London you don't realise how much of the UK you miss. Edinburgh is a Beautiful city and the Jewel in this crown is the Castle. You can feel the energy. I wish I could harness that.When we walked around the different parts of the Castle, I felt that everything wanted to be there, I mean it can't run on much money, the Crown Jewels are actually in this one small room, And they manage to drag that section out, so you learn who made everything and where they all came from, which if your a little like me, you'd like.There are two Cafes where the food was nice but a little pricey for quality and quantity. Still, that doesn't spoil it and I didn't want to leave when it was time to go home.Alex
4	One of the biggest and the best tourist attractions in Edinburgh has to be the castle. If you visit Edinburgh, you visit the castle - it's standard. But it's not just tourists who enjoy this historic landmark; I love it too! Ok I don't go every week or anything, but whenever I get a chance every other month or so, I pay a visit. It's a really unique thing to the city to have such a beautiful castle right in the middle of it. It's quite expensive to get in  - hence the missing star - but it is worth it if you're interested in the history aspects. I never go in, I hang around and take in the sights. Some of the best views of Edinburgh can be seen from the top of the Royal Mile, so head on up just for that!
4	Its funny how that if you live in a city, you never go and see its tourist attractions, the same can be said for me living in Edinburgh. I still remember the first time I ever visited the Castle - it was a long time ago (1999), but it left such a lasting impression on my mind that I recently went back, to spend the day as a tourist.Firstly, a negative - the queues if you dont book online are huge (easily an hours wait), the cost of getting in is astronomical and you will be harrassed by more tourists than you ever thought possible during the sumer months. But, as was pointed out to me, all castles are like that during the sumer - why should one in the middle of a city be any different?Of course, once you get into the castle and you are absorbed by the history and the culture and the general feeling of awe at such an amazing building, all is forgiven. The history of Scotland, its armies, and the city itself is all there, and amazing.Of course, watch out (listen out?) for the 1 o'clock gun - something that I still love fro the first time I went.
5	Well...who could miss it really? It seems a lot of tourists do though. Everybody who lives in Edinburgh must have had the classic, "Could you tell me where the castle is?" question from people, when you're standing on Princes Street, and the huge piece of history is blatantly towering over you. There's also the classic "Why did they build Edinburgh Castle so close to the train station?" line, which is so ridiculous that I struggle to believe someone actually did come out with it, or whether it could be that it's one of those Chinese whispers type scenarios. Whatever the case, this is Edinburgh's most worldwide known defining feature, the postcard buyer's favourite, and the iconic monument that makes Edinburgh so unique.A castle on top of a volcano is hardly something you encounter willy-nilly on a daily basis, so based on that, I would suggest to anyone visiting Edinburgh to do more than just eye up the castle from Princes St, and to actually go up and take a look round it, as the views round Edinburgh once you're in are fantastic, plus you can watch the long standing tradition of the firing of the One o'clock gun, something a lot of people would be lost without hearing on a daily basis, because it signifies that everything is continuing as usual in the city...although for some, I think it's just a loud way of telling them their lunch break is over, and they should get back to work.
4	You can't really visit Edinburgh without visiting the castle. This castle, in particular, is incredibly well preserved and gorgeous, making it a great place to explore for individuals and families. I went in the winter and the snow was NOT pleasant for wandering around, but I would presume that summer months would be awesome. The views from the castle are incredible. Absolutely breath-taking, actually. Make sure you have your camera at the ready!
4	The history and the views from the castle are stunning, so are the 'free' museums once you get inside. They should have a student price, but they don't. Unless you can prove you are unemployed don't even bother trying to get the concession price. That to me is BS, how do you do that? "Um, excuse me boss that I don't have, can you validate that I do not work for you?"Anyway, the one o'clock gun was great, the audio guide is informative (they have a student price for that!?!?!?!) and each part of the castle was amazing to look through and experience. We had no problem with the queues because we bought our tickets online. The gift shop underneath St. Margaret's chapel has free whisky tasting that is single malt made in the Scottish Highlands and has a floral and honey hint. Check it out and maybe get a bottle or two.
5	Whether you're a tourist or a resident, the absolute must-see is the Edinburgh Castle. The Castle sits high atop a hill overlooking the City of Edinburgh at the end of the Royal Mile. According to their website, there has been human settlement on the site since 900BC. But it's more than just an old castle. There are several museums within the grounds. Once you pass through the entrance, the first thing you'll notice is, besides the ticket machines, the gift shop. I guess they want to get you coming and going, but it is the largest one on site. Besides the usual T-Shirts, you can get clan histories and whiskey collections. Once past this commercialism, you pass through Portcullus Gate. Being a castle, war plays an important part in its history. There are not one, but two war museums here. The National War Museum looks at four centuries of Scots at war. The Scottish National War Memorial is dedicated to the Scots who died in both World Wars. The Prisoners of War Exhibit shows how the castle was used for POWs imprisoned and executed there. I think my favorite exhibits were the Royal Palace, the Great Hall, and the Crown Room. The Royal Palace was is where Scotland's royalty lived when they were in Edinburgh. Believe me, it wasn't quite as "palatial" as the name implies. They preferred staying at Holyrood Abbey. The Great Hall dates from the 1500s and was used for state functions. When Oliver Cromwell invaded Scotland, he had the hall converted into a barracks. It wasn't restored until the 1880s. My favorite though was the Crown Room. Here you see Scotland's crown jewels. I fell into a hush marvelling at the quiet beauty of it all. Americans tend to think of anything made before 1990 as old. Here we have the crown, sceptre and sword date from the late 15th and early 16th centuries. They had to be buried a few times. Twice to hide them from Oliver Cromwell and once to hide them from the Nazis. They remain in ceremonial use today with the crown being present at the opening of Scottish Parliament. You can easily spend almost an entire day here. A few tips. It's steep here--wear your walking shoes. And I mean good, sturdy, ugly, comfortable walking shoes. Be sure to watch the 1pm firing of the guns. Also it's a good idea to buy your tickets on line like Rick and I did. Finally, take the guided tour. The guides here are very knowledgeable and the tour is included with your admission.
5	No Edinburgh visit witout the Castle, its really worth it. We had beautifull weather with a good sight, makes it perfect!
5	I have some extremely fond memories of Edinburgh Castle, and I've been here quite a few times throughout my life.  My dad's in the army and so we used to come pretty often for social functions where my sister and I would get to meet a whole load of grown ups.  The food which they put on at those things is incredible with canapes, exotic drinks and big roast dinners for all lucky enough to attend.  Edinburgh Castle is where the Military Tattoo is held where different regiments put on an impressive display of marching, throwing their rifles in the air and firing huge guns.  It takes amazing coordination and has a real sense of occassion about it.  The Castle is also a huge tourist attraction as you get a great view of the city and it offers plenty of information regarding its history and why it was built in the first place.
4	After not visiting Edinburgh castle in years I though I would correct this and experience the main attraction in the city. Luckily for me I went on a hot sunny day and the castle dominated the blue skyline in the city. Once inside the castle, you are provided with fantastic views of the city throughout the castle via the battlements and walls. The cost of getting into the castle is something around fifteen pounds, and at first I thought it was quite pricey, but overall it is great value for money. Inside the castle there is a lot on offer to do. There are a number of museums on the different army regiments that have graced the castle, the prison, the church and the exhibition of the crown jewels and stone of destiny. You can pass hour upon hours looking through all that is on offer! The castle was quite busy however, the beauty of the castle is that at certain places it is less busy and quieter, where you can appreciate the castle! Its tag of Edinburgh's number one tourist attraction is well deserved!
3	Okay so every yelper and their dog has written a review about Edinburgh Castle. But I still feel the urge to express my opinion- that same urge that has got me into trouble many a time.Let me begin by saying that Edinburgh Castle, as a landmark, is truly beautiful. I could not wish for any other entity to sit, like a crown, at the centre of the city I live. No matter the view, if you can see Edinburgh Castle, it always remains impressive. It LOOKS spectacular.However my feelings on the rest of the Castle experience are rather a mixed bunch. I'll get it out now and agree with the others who complain about the price. Some days you will be met with half hour+ queues only find out you have to pay half your travellers checks to get in.But that isn't my main complaint, my main complaint is that I can't get over the fact that I feel Edinburgh Castle is a little phony. I feel like its presented as some symbol of Scottishness, and at the very least, a paradigm example of a Scottish castle. It's at least not the latter of these. Only part of the Great Hall and St Margaret's Chapel date from the 16th century or before, everything else is later, a large part Victorian. The Great Hall interior is Victorian (bar the ceiling which is genuine medieval and very impressive). It LOOKS medieval but its actually a Victorian romantic interpretation of a medieval hall. Of course the Hall did need repairing after Cromwell ruined it, but the fact its really a romanticised version of a castle is the feeling I feel pervades the whole site, not just the building, but also its presentation. When I was in the Castle courtyard once, a tourist came up to me and said, "excuse me, could you tell me where the castle is?". "Madam, this IS the castle". I think there are two common responses from tourists after visiting, the first is that they love it in all its glory then expect all Scottish castles to resemble its grand facade, its completeness, its ideal castleness. Or they are perplexed "why doesn't it look anything the other castles we have seen around Scotland?"There is, of course, so much history surrounding the castle. There has been a Royal Castle here since the 12th century. It has seen many wars, through the "Lang Siege" and the Jacobite Rebellions and all. I actually find the war museum, separate but based in the castle grounds, to be one of the more interesting parts, as I actually feel I learn something from it. The rest of the castle just feels, to be honest, a bit boring. A large part of it feels like a series of New Town villas (a residue of the castle's use as a military barracks).The castle also lets down in its use for several over priced restaurants and tourist gifts shops. How many does it need? With every other shop down the Royal Mile selling whisky and books about genuine Scottish ghosts, does our premier historical site have to too?Having said it all this, Edinburgh castle is worth a visit. It has moments when it does impress and even if only for the sake of its vital role (note, in the past) of Scottish history, you can still feel the nostalgia. I too have good memories of visiting as a child, and I wouldn't want to ignore those. Just remain open minded and do a bit of reading around the side. And expect to pay for the privilege. Lots.
5	A must see while in the UK/Scotland.  Stunning the way it rises above the city.  Never get tired of seeing it.
4	Edinburgh Castle is for all Scotland visitors a must. The entrance fee is unfortunately really very high, but it is worth. The vigil at the castle every visitor should ever have seen. There is so much to discover and explore, so you absolutely must take here some time. Is definitely worth it if the Castle is lit at night.
5	This castle is awesome! My girlfriend and I were planning on being there for a few hours and we ended up spending almost the entire day there. This place has so much to see, with museums and a guided tour along with audio tours as well. Also make sure you watch the one o'clock gun go off, its really cool. If you plan on visiting Edinburgh Castle, which I recommend you do, make sure you plan on staying the whole day there because this place is huge and has so much to see.
3	Edinburgh is one of my favourite cities.  I studied here in New College, just East of the Castle Esplanade.As a student I spent one of my vacations working as a security guard in the Castle.  In those days admission was free, although people paid for access to some areas.  What I found most interesting about the Castle was the way in which it had continued to develop, with bits being knocked down and new bits built up.Nowadays Edinburgh Castle is a major tourist attraction and a military garrison.  Within its walls, and behind its battlements, there is a small township.  Concealed within its courtyards are the Scottish Crown Jewels, hidden from Cromwell at Dunnottar Castle so that as the Crown Jewels of England were destroyed, the Honours of Scotland survived and are enjoyed today by visitors to the windy city.Far less spectacular than the modern UK Crown Jewels that are kept in London at the Tower, these historic baubles are of interest because of their antiquity and their association with the ancient Kings and Queens of Scots from whom the modern Royal Family of the UK are descended.
3	Go, see the castle. Take the tour. The views alone are worth it. Will you see something memorable? Ehh, I doubt if you've toured other castles. Will you learn from the guides? Absolutely. Is it better to go in off season? Absolutely. During the first weekend in November, we took the train from Glasgow, a pleasant hour or so ride through little towns and arrived in Edinburgh and hiked up to the castle. It was cold, but clear and that alone was worth the hike.It's not cheap to get in, so be prepared. And we were told that the lines in the summer are horrible. What do you expect? As for the actual interiors, I agree with some of the other yelpers. It's a little Disneylandish, a little staged, and that was disappointing. But if you're in Edinburgh, you need to go at least once to check it off your list. Would I make a special trip to see it and I had other choices? Probably not. There's a lot of hype surrounding this tour that comes from the history and not so much the actual structure.
4	So, having two sets of visitors coming two weekends in a row, I had the chance to visit first Stirling and then Edinburgh Castle.  And you know, I am going to slightly downgrade Edinburgh.  It has the advantage of being in a richly historical city that would be worth a visit even without the castle.  The castle itself also deeply impressive from afar, looming up from a dramatic cliffside (of course, that was just good strategy back in the day).But...once inside, all that big bold castley-ness doesn't quite live up to its promise.  The Crown Jewels room is an interminable labyrinth of rooms with creepy mannequins.  When you finally get to the crown jewels they are just meh, although the seat of destiny is pretty excellent just because of its storied past.  The whole place is a bit disney-esque and commercial.  A few things do stand out.  The views are spectacular.  St. Margaret's chapel resonates with 900 years of history.  There are no fussy mannequins in there, just a real sense of place in this modest, contemplative room.  And the Royal Apartments are pretty interesting.All that being said--what are you going to do, NOT go to Edinburgh Castle?  Don't be daft.  Like the Blue Lagoon in Reykjavik and the Eiffel Tower in Paris, you have to visit the city's signature landmark before you can do anything else.  And combined with the Princes Street Gardens, the Royal Mile, Holyood and Arthur's Seat, this does make for part of a very historical and beautiful day out.
4	Have been 3 or 4 times with friends and family visiting Edinburgh.The highlight for me is the 1pm cannon, but the regular reenactments are also entertaining.Plenty to see and always good fun to lock your young nieces or nephews in the jail!
2	14 GBP to see this castle that has nothing to show, other than itself I guess.The main attraction here is the crown jewel, hidden in a labyrinth within a tower. The narrow path going to the crown jewels can take anywhere up to an hour to get through due to the sheer number of people walking through them. During this hour long wait, you are being haunted by scary wax figures attempting to tell the story of the history of the crown jewel. You can't even give up and NOT see the jewel if you wanted to, because there's no way out of this narrow tower.You may want to invest a couple more pounds and pay for an audio guide, since the girls next to us in line waiting to see the crown jewels seemed like they rather enjoyed themselves and was upset that other people didn't seem to be enjoying being enclosed in tiny rooms you can't get out of as much as they did.What's also disappointing is the fact that the inside of all the castle rooms have been modernized. It looks like a medieval castle from the outside, but the new paint and drywalls on the insides tell another story.The most interesting site is the prisons, but even those are gimmicky. They were playing soundtracks of prisoners being stuck in the prisons and their conversations. The question now remains, even though the attraction itself is a waste of money, can you really come to Edinburgh and not go into the castle?
2	Its a nice castle and all...but for that price I've definitely seen better castles. Free tour when you go in, and this lasts about 20 minutes. You can then wander around on your own and see the war memorial, crown, and war museum. Beautiful castle, but not someone on a budgets best friend.
5	My all time favourite tourist attraction in the UK.A magnificent landmark smack bang in the middle of town. From my office window I constantly look across and pinch myself that I'm actually looking out on to this magnificent medieval structure, recognised by all around the world.Being do close (& also being an Historic Scotland member) allows me the privilege of being able to have lunch in the grounds every now and then, taking in the views of  this magnificent city.
3	First of all... NO STUDENT RATE!!! Secondly.... hmmmm it's ok.. dont get me wrong the views were stunning, it was nice to see the different set ups of the rooms, the Grand Hall, The Royal Apartments but not worth the price you pay.  Although worth going to see and a definite must to get a photo taken from the lovelies at the entrance to the Castle, such friendly people :)
5	This was one of the highlights of our Scotland trip!  Right beyond the royal mile... the Castle literally looms right over our heads on the hill.  It is such a magnificent sight to see and SO much history behind this castle.  I think you can spend a few hours just discovering the history behind this landmark.  I would read up a brief history behind this castle before arriving.  The tour your pay here gives a very brief synopsis, as they possibly cannot cover EVERYTHING.  They even give a disclosure saying they point out the main events that happened in the last thousand years only.  You also get such an awesome view of the city.  After the tour, you can go around to different exhibitions inside and loo at the crown jewels of Scotland, the prisoners of war, and the Scotland war memorial.  Truely and amazing experience and must see if you visit Edinburgh!
4	Beautiful! Wonderful landmark and easy to get to. We chose to get the audio guide and it was well worth it--better than having a tour guide in a mob of people because you can go at your own pace, and hear some interesting tidbits.The one thing I didn't appreciate was waiting to see the crown jewels--it was hot and made me feel claustrophobic although I usually am not.Highly recommend.
5	Excellent experience. I got to see the Scottish crown jewels, which was a lot less of hassle than going to see the English crown jewels.
4	It would be hard to visit Edinburgh and not come here.  There is no student discount (boo) but it's got enough history and exhibits to still make it worth it for even the budget minded traveler.  The Scottish Crown Jewels are not overly impressive but worth a look... try and go in the less used side entrance to skip a potentially long queue.
5	Gorgeous castle on a beautiful setting. The Royal Mile leading up to the higher elevation...it's breath-takingWe were lucky enough to also catch Arcade Fire's performance against the setting of Edinburgh Castle- Amazing. The castle is full of history, and it's so OLD and historical. Awesome. Highly, highly recommend
4	You cannot make a trip to Edinburgh w/o being blown away and drawn to the massive Endinburgh Castle.  Even if you do not plan a visit, this iconic, historical and impressive edifice will no doubt make it a focal point for many photo opts.
5	I spent my honeymoon in Edinburgh in September. Being a tourist, we HAD to see at least one castle. The hike up to the Royal Mile and then into the castle was a workout and thoroughly enjoyable with lots of sites to see. It was unseasonably warm--probably about 20 Celcius--and sunny. Perfect for pictures and far away views.The entrance was obstructed by construction, as they were installing stadium stands for an upcoming military tattoo performance. So, there's that.The dog cemetary for royal and military dogs was just precious, as was the tiny Chapel of St. Margaret. The Honours of Scotland (the crown jewels) are on display at this castle with heavy duty guards, locks and "no pictures allowed!". Most impressive was the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, which honors all of the Scottish military that have gone missing in action.
2	This review is disappointing to write.  It kills me that I'm giving this such a low review. I really wanted to love Edinburgh Castle, but I didn't.First off the history is incredible!  The fact that a castle of some form has existed there since the 12th Century is just wonderful.  I love experiencing history this way.  However, most of the current structures are newer and while impressive it takes away some of the romance of the history.The other thing that put me off was that half of the buildings are restricted due to still being used.  One of the best parts about exploring castles is exploring!  With so many restrictions I felt cheated and I am glad that I got my money's worth out of the Explorer Pass I purchased before coming to Edinburgh.To be honest, I felt that Stirling Castle is better presented and was more interesting.  Doune and Campbell Castles were also more exciting.Sorry Edinburgh, while I am a Scot by blood and I hold the history close to my heart, I just didn't enjoy the castle.
4	I am so glad that they got the Stone of Destiny back so that we can see it.  We were totally "toured out" by the time we got to the Castle and chose not to join a tour...thereby missing out on a lot of historical facts.  I realize this but we were just too tired and couldn't bare listening to more historical information after spending the whole day on a tour and running up and down the hill.  The view from the castle is amazing and the rooms within the castle were amazing.  The staff there took a picture of us too that wasn't too expensive.  Win win win visiting this sight.
5	When I think of this place besides the beauty, I think of Whisky in Hot Chocolate lol.  This was the first place I had ever heard of this concoction, and when I drank it, it was love at first taste. Now I truly understand why alcohol is imbibed to warm up, because it WORKS!!! ;) It was beautiful, the views and architecture were stunning, but my sightseeing was diminished by my freezing limbs. The drink warmed me up and allowed me to enjoy myself. They sell it in a little cafe in the center of the castle. So, did I enjoy the castle? YES Did the drink make it even better? You Betcha! ;)
5	Really nice! Free and good 30 min. Tour incl.
5	I don't know why there aren't reviews for this castle! You do have to pay for it, what main touristy thing do you NOT have to pay for, but it was magical. The view was lovely, I did like the walk up, very dramatic in my opinion, but there was construction in the parking lot so it did ruin the experience a bit. We had just finished a tour and were dead. I mean dead tired. Running on no sleep, delirious, faint, exhausted and every other adjective you can imagine. But when we got up to the top of the cannons the view made up for it. They do have a photographer to take your photo if you want a souvenir booklet but it was come with a handful of your pictures I color and sephia, 2 separate booklets, that were 2 for 25 pounds. Yes we suckered into it but it was a lovely picture of us and it did have history inside of it. We didn't do much of the castle itself other than the crown jewels, scepter, and stone of destiny. If you do have more time than we did, a hour and half give or take, do take a look around all the nooks and crannies. That's something I may regret because I looked in my boolet that I bought and I don't remember this and that and it did look nice so do check those rooms out. A must when you come to the capital!
3	This is probably the number one tourist attraction in Edinburgh, and it is an impressive sight. The Castle sits atop an extinct volcano. The views of the city below are spectacular.  Highlights for us were the Great Hall with its cool hammer-beam roof from 1511; the Crown Room, which houses the Crown Jewels; the One-O'clock Gun, fired almost every day since 1861; the National War Museum; and Mons Meg, one of the world's oldest canons. There's also a fascinating "Prisons of War" exhibit, about the time when the castle housed enemies including American Revolutionary sailors! Taped reenactments of supposed conversations among prisoners play in the background as you walk through spaces set up as they would have been when prisoners lived and slept there.
5	Looks magical from afar, fantastic set up of the tour as well.It can get cold and windy in March, so definitely bring a scarf!
3	Alot of people are saying this was the best Castle in Scotland. I must have come in the wrong month. At first impression when we arrived , the Castle looked very majestic and full of history, which made me excited to walk to it. They were doing construction on the entrance so i'm sure it would have been more better without all the loud noises. The reason i gave it 3 stars was because i didn't like the feel and vibes of the castle. It felt too modern. It didn't have the medievel feel as i walked around the castle. I love love love Scotland though!!
5	A must if you are a tourist in Edinburgh or even a local, best visited on a clear day as the views are great:)
4	The castle may be incredibly touristy, but well worth the money. There are several small exhibits and museums within the castle. The war museum was interesting, although I find my Massachusetts upbringing makes me have a visceral reaction to redcoats. Particularly poignant is the last exhibit in the war museum regarding artificial limbs for soldiers. The one-oclock gun exhibit was my favorite part of the castle. Very informative and worth checking out. Also notable is the small cemetary for soldiers dogs. The rest of the castle is... well, the type of stuff you'd expect to find in a castle. That and high priced cafes and gift stores.
5	This is a living, working castle that overlooks a beautiful city. It is more than a museum, it is still busy. This is a not-to-miss place for an Edinburgh visit. By all means lake sure you are there for the One O'clock gun. It is what the Scots are all about. Fun.
4	Having visited well over 30 castles during my time spent in Japan, I was anxious to see my first European castle when I was visiting Scotland. I had heard many good things about it, and much like the city as a whole, I wasnt disappointed.The castle is a short walk from Waverly Station (approximately 5 hours from London via train). The city itself is very easy to navigate, and I definitely recommened seeing everything on foot. There are two paths that I know of to reach the castle--Id say that it is far easier to use the main road rather than wind around the side of the hill. I did the latter and it was a decent leg workout with a heavy backpack.The cost of admission was a bit of a disappointment. Compared to Japanese castles which are often free (some charge only to enter the main keep), I found Edinburgh Castle to be pricey. However, the process was made fairly simple with online ticket purchase. You can bring your confirmation number to a ticket machine which will print the tickets for you.The grounds are impressive. The castle sits on Castle Rock overlooking all the major points of the city. You can enter several buildings which essentially serve as museums. Of course, the architecture is fascinating--it is a great place for photography. My suggestion would be to avoid peak time, however. I went during the early part of July on a weekend and it was wall to wall people.Pros: Oustanding original castle, beautiful views, iconic piece of Scottish history, easily accessed from Waverly on footCons: Can get crowded, a little pricey for admission
4	The castle is so beautiful and visible from afar...it is amazing! Going inside is very interesting and a must visit while in Edinburgh.
4	You can't visit Edinburgh and not visit the castle...  It stands there high above the city, this fortress, you can't just walk by it everyday and not go in.  First of all, go early and beat the crowds.  Second buy your ticket before you get there... buy online or if do a double decker bus tour, you can also buy your ticket for the castle at the same time.  Seriously, it will save you from standing in queues at the castle... unless you enjoy wasting time in queues.There are two ways to get to the castle, the most obvious being from the Royal Mile.  Unless you are looking for a nice workout, I would suggest entering from the Royal Mile.  The view from the castle over the city is breathtaking.  I know you can hike up Arthur's Seat and get an amazing view as well for free, but this one is lovely as well.  I would say that I spent just over half a day wandering about the castle.  Admission is a bit pricey, I think this may be the second most expensive one I have visited with the Tower of London being the most expensive.  There is a 'complimentary' guided tour, but I say unless you want to hang out in a huge crowd all day, bring a good guide book and do it yourself.  This way you can go at your own pace.It is amazing that the castle is still in use and people live there, but that also means that there are some parts of the castle that are off limits.  The war museum is also worth a stop, it was quite touching.  I have only visited the castle once and while I do think that is enough, I do think that it is a must when you visit Edinburgh.
4	Definitely enjoyable and I would consider it a must see when visiting Edinburgh. My only complaint was I could not get a decent working audible tour headphone set so eventually gave up on it. Otherwise the history here is incredible and the little mini museums of historical Scottish armor and army military history are really amazing. And the views from the castle of Edinburgh below you are beautiful. I would recommend this tour to anyone going to Edinburgh that has not seen it.
4	Hogwarts inspiration.They provide free walking tours, so you don't have to opt for the audio guide, but they're short (15-20 min) and serve more as an introduction to the castle. I was fine with that, but my girlfriend enjoyed having the audio guide for more in-depth descriptions of the various sections of the castle.The castle itself is pretty impressive. It's carved out of volcanic rock and comes with the usual range of memorials and museums. It's definitely worth a visit, and the views over Edinburgh on a clear day are a spectacular sight.
5	This was easily one of my very favorite spots in the UK.  How can you not be impressed with a castle that has buildings over 800 years old?The views, from just about every angle, are impressive.  If you're even remotely interested in history, you'll find something of interest here.  Mons Meg, a giant cannon dating back to 1457.  Or St. Margaret's Chapel, the oldest building in Edinburgh, which is still used for some religious ceremonies.  Or the Great Hall with its original hammerbeam roof.  Or the royal apartments.  Or the War Museum of Scotland (very intriuging-- from ancient history to very recent).  Or the prisons.  Or        the jewels. Or the Scottish National War Memorial.  Or the one-o-clock gun.Lines for tickets are long-- you can buy in advance, which we didn't realize, and would have saved us over a half hour.  It's fairly crowded, but also big enough that the crowd disperses itself well most of the time, except for at 1 PM.  And prices are high, but that's almost to be expected.One of the most spectacular places I've been to.  If you're in Edinburgh, you must go.
5	WOW. A must see in Edinburgh. If you don't go anywhere else, you have to go here.You can't miss it - it's the huge stone castle towering over the cityIt's a fort and castle. The history is amazing - I recommend going on a guided tour. It's about an hour long and you will learn so much more than walking around by yourself. They start every 15 minutes.The biggest tip I can give you is to get there early! Or buy your tickets online. By the time we were leaving (12 pm) the line for tickets was ridiculously long. Some highlights:-Scottish crown jewels-Scottish National War Memorial -War Museums . After awhile the museums got repetitive and I couldn't do any more. -Mons Meg (a giant cannon)-1 pm shooting of the cannonIt does get chilly up there, even in the summer so bring a sweater.
5	Hands down a must see in Edinburgh.  I could not believe the beautiful sights from the castle, the 1 PM gun show, the complimentary tour around the castle all for a reasonable price.You get to roam around this beautiful castle as long as you want, and the history in itself is amazing.  They've got a room with the original jewels is super cool.  I would agree with the others saying to buy online -- that way you avoid the annoying lines and get to enjoy the castle right away.
5	Waw! . . Great castle with great history ! I Loved it and it was a good experiencing and educational trip.
5	A must see.  The castle is gorgeous.  We got there as soon as it opened, with tickets that we had previously purchased online, so we walked right through all the extra lines.  I would highly recommend doing this.  The views from the castle are worth the visit itself.  Phenomenal, and you can see the entire city.  Wear comfortable shoes, though!  The grounds are hilly, uneven cobblestone.
3	Like other student visitors reporting on here the price is super expensive.  My partner and I arrived at the castle and not only was the price high but the line to get in was "middle of a sunny summer afternoon in Disneyland" long.The outside of the castle is pretty darn neat and the gift shop....well it's a gift shop.If my parents come to town we'll purchase tickets online to avoid the queue.  Sadly, there's no way to avoid the price.  But it's too expensive to go twice.
2	I knew I had to see Edinburgh Castle.  We could see it from our hotel room window, gleaming under floodlights in the chilly Scottish night.  I also knew I would share my visit with a throng of tourists, complete with loud children and slow senior citizens.So we trekked here on a foggy day, ready to brave the crowds.  The admission price is VERY steep for what you get to see.  Walking in, we were almost run off the road by an SUV (very authentic looking, though).   Every time we turned a corner, what appeared to be an exhibit turned out to be either a restaurant or a gift shop.  Some areas of the castle are very interesting, like the Scottish Crown Jewels and the old prison, but I enjoyed simply walking the streets of Edinburgh more than spending a few hours at this castle.
4	I enjoyed my visit to the castle. Note, buy tickets online the night before otherwise you will be in a line for over half an hour on any normal day. There are a lot of non-castle-related things in here so I would consider it more of a general Edinburghian (?) museum.More advice on the website, I failed to buy tickets beforehand and then I tried to use my phone to buy tickets in real time. The site had, predictably, failed. So if you try to be clever like that, it may not work. :(
4	I loved the tour and its a must if you go. Don't buy the audio guide, there are little bits of information that you can read throughout the castle. But if you don't like reading then I guess you could get it, but I wouldn't recommend it. You can also ask all the people in red coats questions about the castle and its always better talking to people then listening to things on a machine. I loved all the different parts of the castle and the views you get to see as you move through it. I stayed long enough to witness a beautiful blue sky turned to a cloudy grey with rain/hail. It was amazing! Give yourself about 2 to three hours to walk around and enjoy the castle. They have a cafe where you can stop in for a bite to eat if your tired or if you want to hide from the rain.
4	Ok, it's quite pricy for touring a castle... I'll start with that.  But you go to Edinburgh, you kinda have to see that big castle looming above the city on a big hill.  I mean, you gotta.  So we did, and we're glad we did.  The sight was beautiful.  We were lucky that the line wasn't that long and we got in quickly.  Unfortunately, there was a field trip going on with little kids, so there were screaming kiddies running all over the place.We spent a good several hours as there were many exhibits to see and then there is the loud 1 PM gun firing/show.  The restaurant/cafe was actually pretty reasonably priced, given that it's in an attraction.  We shared a hot coco and I almost caved in to try a meat pie, but stopped myself cause we had other lunch plan to go to.  We took many many pictures, enjoying the view and left to explore other parts of the beautiful city of Edinburgh.  If it wasn't for the steep entry fee, it would have been a 5 star for me.
5	Gorgeous and magical.
4	The crown of Scotland...Standing over the city,Light off the rocks... Wow!
3	Despite visiting on a dismal cold and rainy day the castle was worth the trip. Don't miss the 1 o'clock gun, the royal apartments and crown jewels. It can be quite windy though so take a hooded jacket lest you break your umbrella like I did. Also, book online to avoid the queue. The ticket collection system was easy peasy. While a bit on the pricey side, it's a castle and it's Edinburgh. Must do.
4	This is a must see in Edinburgh, along with the Holyrood Palace and The Royal Yacht Britannia. If you only have time for one of the three, Edinburgh Castle is probably it. It's not cheap, and you'll need to spend at least half a day there as there's loads to see and listen (via the audio guide, which is included in the price of the tour). There's also scheduled tours by the staff, which seem pretty good. There's a cafe which is always packed but serves a decent meal. I would highly recommend this to history buffs, but if you don't appreciate history then this is not for you.
4	The wonderful views of Edinburgh from the Castle come from it being built on a hill as a defensive fortification to fend off hostile armies from below and one is reminded of that by the cannons still pointed at the city below. Edinburgh Castle dominates the city landscape and it's a good if pricey visit. At the top of the Royal Mile, you pass by the inevitable William Wallace-dressed guy ala Mel Gibson with his face painted like a crazed football fan, then through a large open space where the Military Tattoo takes place just before you get to the Castle. Statues of Robert the Bruce and William Wallace at the entrance give little hint to the treasures (literally) inside.After paying for admission tickets, we enter to see the Scottish Crown Jewels, cannons, Mons Meg, the small chapel, war museums, and majestic views of Edinburgh below. Like the British Crown Jewels on display in the Tower of London, viewing has a time limit. There was a Scottish bagpiper playing that day in front of the War Museum, providing yet another photo op - thank goodness for digital cameras with photos cards with memory for many pix. You need at least 3-4 hours to go through the Castle but it being up on a hill, be prepared for blustery winds when you're outside so a windproof jacket and comfortable walking shoes are advisable. All in all, a good way to spend 1/2 day surrounded by history and working up an appetite.
5	You come to Edinburgh and don't come here if you are a tourist? If you grew up here you probably came here once when you were a kid avoided the place because it is full of tourist.  But since I was visiting as a tourist I came to check this place out.The Castle dominates the surrounding area with great views of the city, it is a little pricey to get in but I think it has a number of well curated museums if you are into history and in particular military history.  There are the rolls for a number of wars/battles for the fallen, and each of the Scottish Military Regiments have their Regimental museums here too.The are aplenty so bring a camera with lots of memory, a jacket and a bottle of water.
3	Yep, more touristy stuff.  Similar to the Mile, I do enjoy the castle.  This structure is huge, I mean gigantic.  Ancient, and imposing.  You can spot this from miles away, and instantly recognizable.  You can do a guided tour, or just wonder around by yourself.  There is just enough hokey stuff around, though just some really amazing pieces like the crown jewels.  I have always wanted to see the Military Tattoo shows, but the timing has always been wrong.  Somehow, after wondering around for a long time I ended up at a whiskey bar, which was just fine by me.  I am a history buff, so this is a must for me, no matter how touristy some parts have become there is still a great mystique about the place.
5	A definite must and highlight if you're in Edinburgh! This massive castle sitting atop a city is breathtaking. I was in Scotland in July and the weather was still so-so and when I was at the castle looking over its walls the weather changed and a dense fog started rolling in. It was like being in a movie! Anything to do with this city is magical but this is one of the best! I can't wait to go back and visit again.
4	I've been coming to Edinburgh for 4 years and spent this year as a student here but I never found a chance to visit the castle. Fortunately I got a special student offer and managed to visit the castle for free.The views it offers are definitely worth the price (if you have to pay!), but I suggest visitors not to follow the flock of tourists who inevitably will be in the way. If you managed to be among the first who visit the castle in the morning, you should notice that on the way in there's a staircase on the left leading to the upper part: if you go that way you'll make sure you can take pictures without annoying people in the way, and once you move down to the lower part the flock will be moving up just where you were!The only draw-backs are the expensive ticket and tthe annoying guard preventing you from taking picture of the Scottish crown jewels.
5	The Castle is like a gem nestled on the scepter of the town.It was my first day in Edinburgh and, after a quick visit to the Princes Street Tourist Office to collect some useful infos, I walked straight to the Castle. I knew that it was a little pricey, but it's such a relevant part of the history of Edinburgh and of Scotland that I never considered the idea to complaint about it. Moreover, I would have restored the budget a few hours later, visiting the beautiful (and free) National Gallery.This place looks like a miracle of architecture and willingness. Every single stone had to be posed challenging the volcanic rocks rising everywhere. Sometimes it is almost impossible to see where the nature of the place ends and the buildings start.It's by far smaller than other castles I've visited in the last years, but its witchery is by no means less than the castles of Prague or Budapest, to name a couple of largest "brothers".The wee Chapel, the honours of Scotland, the uneven path leading to the main buildings keep the whole place alive under your feet and your eyes. The wind adds an epic flavour to the experience and the wonderful views over the town and towards the Forth Bridge, are unforgettable.Yes. I payed 16 pounds to get in, but after this visit I felt by far richer :)
4	If you thought Jabba the Hutt was cute, you'll love this castle.(http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=jabba%20the%20hutt%20&source=web&cd=1&ved=0CDEQFjAA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FJabba_the_Hutt&ei=eoR9UfPSEej5igK8r4GwCw&usg=AFQjCNGD4ZiwivtPoGz74u5bi7KRcpibUA&sig2=hgptCUgTKUSYrpd-blowGw&bvm=bv.45645796,d.cGE)It's big and ugly and squats like a fattened toad on a hill. I imagine only a Highlander would love the looks (picturing a blue-faced, adrenaline-fueled Mel Gibson as William Wallace).It is the very antithesis of Germany's Neushwantstein (http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=neu%20shwantstein&source=web&cd=2&ved=0CD4QFjAB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FNeuschwanstein_Castle&ei=lZd8UaDiA-aniALDoICwBQ&usg=AFQjCNE9ywT1MNwjBMZDhX6rCxzjykpPRA&sig2=PWYj6cNmR-WHerxEQVKTOg&bvm=bv.45645796,d.cGE). If Walt Disney conjured a world of beautiful damsels dangling long, golden hair from ivory-white towers ala Neushwanstein, he'd make Edinburgh Castle the home of the Orcs. There is nothing pretty about it. It's truly formidable. It was made to intimidate and that it does. It's muy macho. It even has a big ole cannon down there with these huge  balls that they whip out now and then, a cannon so big... so big ... that it sank into the road before it could get to the battle. It even has a name, the Mons Meg (http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=scottish%20cannon&source=web&cd=1&ved=0CDAQFjAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FMons_Meg&ei=awSEUfOKNaa7igLIy4C4BA&usg=AFQjCNFrKxnPvFMFtPdZrWwoxYxFJRKJSQ&sig2=s0i1sGATtQrKvMmehe_bpw&bvm=bv.45960087,d.cGE). Oh well, it was a gift anyway, easy come-easy go.If you're in Edinburgh, you'll go see it, admire the views, envision English or Nordic invaders storming the walls, maybe catch the "Tattoo" http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=the%20military%20tattoo&source=web&cd=3&ved=0CEUQFjAC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FRoyal_Edinburgh_Military_Tattoo&ei=UAKEUfG7H4fYigKp1IGgAQ&usg=AFQjCNGVEJvFbP2WzSIoH9-P-0Ukko86zA&sig2=oZ8e9aUh3_3C1NrTW2jyNw&bvm=bv.45960087,d.cGEAnd just like their friends down south, they keep their Crown Jewels (their "Honours") buried behind bigass rock walls. Only these jewels are meh compared to the English. (I can't believe I used "meh" describing someone's crown jewels). I'm not meaning to demean these scepters and crowns and stuff, they are just less eye-popping than those in London. http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=scottish%20honours&source=web&cd=3&ved=0CEYQFjAC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.royal-mile.com%2Fcastle%2Fcastle-crownjewels.html&ei=mwKEUZvPCcjxiQKqm4HYBw&usg=AFQjCNFBKfAOZgBDOPyU6-0jRUCDoBL4PQ&sig2=gfNON3lz37S2WH0KhkRVmw&bvm=bv.45960087,d.cGEWe took the obligatory photos and walked the Royal Mile, Edinburgh's Rodeo Drive  http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=royal%20mile&source=web&cd=2&ved=0CD0QFjAB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edinburgh-royalmile.com%2F&ei=LwCDUfXXMqLoigKI04CYCA&usg=AFQjCNFXSVxQzZMxfguHQuWDVfUaTOiTIA&sig2=zhpuSJfUxKmGfmp64hq0KQ&bvm=bv.45960087,d.cGE. where we shopped a bit, bought some tartan cloth for a skirt, a silver thistle brooch for me mum (I mean "my mom", sorry) and headed out for some pub fare and a wee dram or two.  (Another review will describe the Tower of London (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crown_Jewels_of_the_United_Kingdom). This is where the Beefeater guard pointed his spear-thingie at me and told me to step away from the display. I felt so dirty, ha ha.
5	Magnificent castle. Was in Edinburgh a couple days ago and fell in love with the city upon the view of this castle. Love how it's perched over the city on a hill. The view from the distance is breath taking. To look at it in the evening is an experience as well. The walk is easier than it appears from the ground. I recommend to walk up to this beauty. I have seen many castles, but this one has left me a real impression. When in Edinburgh, go here
4	Ah yes, a lovely viewThe downside about being in Edinburgh castle is you cant see Edinburgh castle
5	Very cool place with alot of history.  This place is well worth the price (I cheap usually).  I was not disappointed at all.  They fire off the cannon every day except Sunday at 1:00 so make sure you are there for that.  The prison was very enlightening and it was surprising to see how well cared for they were.  It was well stocked with museum quality items, and even had the crown jewels on display.  The real ones.This place is not good for handicap people.  Lots of stairs, cobble roads and uneven footing.
3	Woah pretty cool! Not what a castle looks like in the movies but I guess those are some where else. This place is pretty spacious. Different sections have different parts of history to check out. It's chill. Great views also.
4	Going to Edinburgh Castle is a must in the most MAJESTIC city in the world! The Castle looms on top of the elevated Royal Mile overlooking the "Rome of the North."I purchased the audio guide and soon became so engrossed with the history I lost track of my friends while going around to different posts and listening to my headset. I was a little surprised that the Castle was more "museum-like" than "Castle-like" inside. I saw everything I wanted to after a few hours and at that point I didn't think my brain capable of retaining anymore knowledge. There are many interesting exhibits including The Stone of Destiny, royal jewels, stately architecture, historical uniforms and more inside!I especially liked the P.O.W part of the castle.  I thought it was fascinating that during the American Revolutionary War, Americans were actually held *at* Edinburgh Castle as prisoners of war!  Sadly, when the war was over the Americans were not released, like the French, because America was *not* recognized as a real country. The American prisoners were considered "rebels" or "pirates" and because of this they also received less food rations.  Poor American revolutionaries :( But it was really cool seeing engravings on the wooden doors or the stonewalls from the P.O.W.'s.  They even had a little exhibit with all the artwork and crafts the American prisoners made to bide their time and earn some money.  I never would have thought you could make jewelry boxes out of some of the sparse materials they had.  Apparently, one day during the week the prisoners were able to go to the outer gate and people from the city would buy their goods! Fascinating!The War Memorial was also breathtaking! It was one of the few places inside where photography is not allowed but the sculpture of the Angel Michael was amazing! After your tour you will need a nap from the overload of visual stimulation and maybe a trip down the Royal Mile to the infamous Chocolate Soup for some decadent chocolate delights!
5	Edinburgh castle is an amazing place to visit can get very busy try to go very early to get a good walk round and also try to get the first guided tour its only 25 min's but they try to fit the history of the castle in that short time. The building itself is awsume and the views on a good day are also good. well worth a visit if you ever visit edinburgh.
3	I was instructed to check out the castle by everyone + guidebooks. A little bit disappointed because the castle looks majestic overlooking Edinburgh. It is a beautiful spot to gaze out and see Edinburgh from high above. Very friendly people working in this castle and they are super helpful as well. I saw the Crown Jewels, Royal Apartments, Great Hall, The prison, the chapel, all within about an hour and still had time to sit and enjoy the view on one of the benches near the cannons. I do walk thru monuments and read the description very fast so it may take others a bit longer.
2	I was really disappointed overall. The whole castle felt more like a showroom to appease curious tourists rather than a historical landmark. My favorite part believe it or not, was the dog cemetery. I did not find the audio guide to be too user friendly either.
5	This was the first real castle I've ever seen in real life and I'd have to say it was worth the wait.Edinburgh Castle is how I imagined a castle would look like as it sits high on a hill overlooking the town.  The things that really amazed me about the castle were the following:-  It's built on a extinct volcano, Castle Rock,  and you can tell by looking at the black rocks below the castle.  See my photos.- We drove into town from Glasgow and the castle is hard to miss at the top of the hill.  I couldn't keep my eyes off it.  -  The view of the city once you are at the top of the castle near the cannons is pretty amazing too.  -  It has some pretty impressive cannons like the Mons Meg and the One O'clock Gun.  It was last fired on October 14, 1681.  Long ago it was taken to the Tower of London, a casualty of the Disarming Act, but returned to Edinburgh Castle 70 years later instead of being melted down.  See my photo.- The Half-Moon Battery that served as the defense of the east front.  The battery was the first home of the One o'clock Gun.  I would highly recommend visiting Edinburgh Castle.
5	TOP TIP - When you go to the ticket booth, tell them you only want to see the Scottish National War Memorial. It is 100% free of charge. It does mean that you aren't allowed to go into any of the other exhibits, but it's great to wander through the castle grounds and take in the views of the city. You get the odd steward directing you to the top and reiterating that you're not allowed to stop, but they're not too heavy handed.
4	This is a must if you visit Edinburgh. Built on an extinct volcano, you walk up the lovely Royal Mile to reach it. Inside the castle are a number of museums and areas to explore, including old prison cells, the crown jewels and Mons Meg (a huuuuuuuge, old canon!) The oldest chapel in Edinburgh is up here as well as a dog's cemetery for the soldiers' dogs, which is really sweet. The view from the top is also pretty awesome. Try and be in the castle for 1pm so you can hear them shoot the 1pm canon. We learnt some cool facts about the canon from the audio guide so I would recommend that you buy that too. Sometimes the guy droned on for a little longer but the best thing about the audio guide is that you can listen to as much or as little as you want. The price for the audio guide was acceptable (4 pound I think). But the price for the castle was a little too much in my opinion - 16 pound per person is a little steep. But we did have a good day out and spent around 3 hours there. There is a lot to see and a lot of walking - so be prepared!
5	Edinburgh castle has got to be the number one must see attraction within Edinburgh.  Due to the location of the castle, high on an extinct volcanic hill, it overlooks the entire city.  Almost anywhere in the city you can gaze up and see the castle.  It looks amazing in the morning fog and even more spectacular in the afternoon sun.This is probably one of the largest castle compounds which I have toured as well.  The castle is quite well maintained and you can get stunning pictures both outside the city walls and within.Once inside the castle there is a free guided tour which will walk you through the outside explaining all of the things to see in the castle.  I have been twice and enjoyed this part of the castle tour each time.  I recommend walking with this guided tour (it lasts about a half hour) and then independently exploring the different areas.  The crown jewels, the chapel, the dungeons, the war memorial and the WWI memorial with the top of the black volcanic mountain poking through the floor are probably my most favorite areas to explore.On nice days and probably the weekends, the ticket line can be quite long however you can order online in advance or order from the hop on, hop off bus tours and walk straight through.  This saved us some time on our second trip to Edinburgh as our first trip, I spent about a half hour waiting.
5	Nothing much to add to the glowing reviews of the Castle. This is my favourite building in Edinburgh. I enjoy going to the courtyard with the One-o'Clock Cannon. It inspires me to explore Edinburgh history . Been here several times and it doesn't disappoint.
3	If you want to be a real explorer, get the passport. Since we were going to be driving up to Brora, our guide (the bride) planned out our route with many a castle and sight to see. One of our other travel companions told us to get the Explorer Pass instead of buying our entrance at each castle. Now, not knowing exactly what we were supposed to buy, we just flubbed our way at the ticket booth hoping that there really was such a pass. We ended up buying a fourteen day pass, good for seven days. Huh? I know right... we ended up using it only four out of our allowed seven days within the fourteen day period. I think we ended up saving a bit of money since the pass was thirty-nine pounds each and we went to quite a few places. You also get to stand in a different line to get into the attractions, although when we went, there weren't really any lines. Since there was a big group of us, I think we caused the lines.Ahh... we're in. What's the first thing you do when you enter a castle? Umm, you go look for the cafeteria. Since the guided tour was half an hour away, we thought this was prime time to get a snack. A scone would be really good right about now. I get to dole out my own clotted cream? This is the life. So I get one plate for my scone and another for the strawberry jam and clotted cream. I also get an Americano because caffeine is good any time of day. I wanted to sit outside, but the group decided inside. Mmm, I'm very happy with my moist scone... the clotted cream to scone ratio is... dare I say... amazing. Mainly because I made it that way. Do I share with my husband? I guess, but I didn't want to because this was really good. The prices at the cafeterias (that you find at every place that accepts the pass) are a little on the steep side. But I got my money's worth in clotted cream. You know how hard it is to make this? Anyways, back to the castle. We wander through and see the crown jewels... we go in the chapel that my friends considered getting married in--- our guide made the joke that it's a father-of-the-bride's dream since it only holds twenty people, we looked at the cannon... I'm sure my husband stopped listening right about then because there are pictures to be taken. The view is really something.
5	Should be number one on the list for any Edinburgh newcomers, you won't get a better bang for your buck (literally) anywhere else! Definitely plan to spend a good few hours, there's a lot to take in, the crown jewels and their history in particular is very interesting.
5	Edinburgh castle.   You provided us with protection from enemies perched up on that cliff you sit on.  Now you provide us with amazement,  wonderment,  and enchantment,  as you're built so majestically.   The views you provide us are glorious.   The history contained within you encompasses more than the things you hold, such as armor and weaponry to the crown jewels, it is literally the protection you provided to your guests.  I won't forget your reason for being, then or now.  You still provide us with purpose,  even though your purpose has changed.  Long live Scotland,  long live Edinburgh castle!
5	A must-do if you're ever in Edinburgh!The castle sits on top of the tallest hill just above 'old town'. If you're a tourist, like most of us, you'll want to stay in the old town district as restaurants, shopping and the castle itself are within easy walking distance from most of the hotels. We stayed at the Ibis which was about 1/2 mile from the castle.It provides magnificent views in the evening. If the sky is clear, as it was for us during the Hogmanay Festival (New Year's), the sky behind was brilliant shades of blue and pink. A specific photo opportunity I particularly sought out.Along the cobblestone road to the castle entrance, you'll see statues commemorating many famous Scottish icons (ie. Braveheart). You don't have to pay to walk around the outside enjoying the views of the castle and the city but you'll pay a small fee to enter the castle.Unfortunately we never made it inside the castle. When we were there, they apparently had the worst winds in the country's history since the 1950's so they closed the castle down. Chunks of brick were falling off buildings all around old town and the castle itself. Next time we are looking forward to checking out the inside of the castle as well though.
5	You have to go to Edinburgh Castle to get your Scottish history. You must! Yes, it's touristy but if it's your first time in Scotland you have to do one of the major castles (my vote is Stirling Castle, but Edinburgh is second). It's expensive, but if you plan it right, you can get an Explorer Pass for 3 or 5 days if you're travelling around Scotland (save you a few pounds). If you're there at 1pm, you'll have a chance to see the cannon being fired. They have interactive exhibitions, like the period fashions and prison exhibitions. I really enjoyed the prisons, very interesting. They did a great job designing the prison areas, I was really impressed! There is something for everyone. :)The War Memorial is a stunning tribute. You must stop and pay your respects. The memorial itself is stunning. And the views overlooking the exterior walls of this grand fortress are not to be missed. You get stunning views of Edinburgh and Arthur's Seat. You'll have a great time at Edinburgh Castle, it's family friendly and has something to offer everyone!
5	Amazing place. I purchased the 3-day pass that covers many of the castles and museums in the area. The history of the place was fantastic. Couldn't believe it took half the day just to walk through it all. The tour guide was awesome! I really REALLY love the architecture and the photo ops are second to none from the castle. There were some crowds and about an hour wait to get in, but once in, there was just so much to see. I'm certain I didn't cover it all and would definitely go again next time I'm close by.
4	great looking castle, didnt pay to go inside but think i will next time. the castle sits high about the city and looks so imposing, really beautiful and easy to get to too. good parking.
5	A beautiful location.  One of my favorite castles of all time.  The views are extraordinary.  The military tattoo during the festival is a must see.  Not to mention all of the other incredible events they hold in the courtyard.  One of my favorite memories was seeing Arcade Fire warming up one day and getting to meet the band afterward.
5	By the time I walked from the opposite end of town, back up to the Mile, and then all the way up to Edinburgh Castle, I darn sure expected to be blown away. And thankfully I was. The views are second-to-none, the history is incredible,* and it has a few fun surprises beyond the standard "this is a castle" syndrome you can find yourself developing after several days touring the UK. I really enjoyed seeing the mascot cemetery (here lies Spike, infantry mascot from x to x, etc). Saw the Scottish crown jewels, of course.But for me, the most moving aspect of the castle is the Scottish war memorial. I was looking at the ornate stained glass reflecting the sacrifices of every aspect of Scottish society to the war effort, wondering why it seemed so World War I focused,** and I realized exactly what had happened: The "Great War" had been such a terrible tragedy, with destruction on such an unprecedented scale, that it would be fine and appropriate to spend millions creating this monumental memorial. After all, they knew that nothing so terrible would ever happen again. There's a lesson in there somewhere.* I highly recommend making friends with someone who MAJORED in medieval studies and bringing her here. Information, you will not lack it.** It's the World War I and World War II memorial, but it opened in 1927. As far as I can tell, the "World War II" component involved adding thousands more names to the list of the dead.
5	Well worth the visit, get there before 1pm to see them shoot the big gun. Then stop at the coffee shop on site (they also have food)  but the coffee is what it's all about! Then see the castle thru the tour, they provide the full experience. Once you take in all the sites, then make your way to the whisky spot and taste the flavors. This place is a must see stop for day trippers and vacationers.
5	We saw a dozen different castles across Scotland, and it goes without saying that Edinburgh Castle was the most magnificent of them all. It was very majestic and imposing up on the hill. I was a little sad that there wasn't a moat, but given the hill where it's situated, I guess there isn't really a need for one.I bought and printed out our tickets in advance, which was definitely the right way to go. The line to buy tickets at the castle was ridiculously long. A guided tour was leaving right when we arrived. The tour guide Lynn was fantastic - fun and informative at the same time. The tour only lasts about 25-30 minutes, but gives you a great base of knowledge and direction to explore on your own.It's a good thing I bought a high capacity SD card for my camera, because there are literally hundreds of fantastic photo ops all around the castle, inside and out. The Scottish National War Memorial was very impressive and moving (though no pictures are allowed inside out of respect). The line to see the Scottish crown jewels takes about half an hour, but is definitely worth it. No photos are allowed in there either. I had thought about trying to discretely take one, but the staff members who monitor the room are pretty serious about it, constantly and intently examining passers-by.One thing I really loved was the Mons Meg cannon, which can fire a 300lb canon ball nearly 2 miles. Quite impressive for that time in history. There's another more modern gun that they fire every day at 1:00pm. Definitely hang around for this, and make sure to get there early if you want a good view since the entire castle is waiting for it as well. The maximum range of this gun is 17,200 meters, though I'm sure they're firing blanks.No trip to Scotland is complete without seeing Edinburgh Castle.
4	Beautiful.  If you have not purchased tix before going, be sure to arrive by 9 to queue for open at 9:30....pretty packed, pretty quickly.  Don't wait for the first "show" as it repeats every hour and you can get a head start on your castle tour...
5	A wonderful piece of history. We did the tour and it is very much worth it. I recommend it to people of all ages, and to people who may not be all that "interested in history" because I am one of those people and I enjoyed myself immensely. They fire a cannon at 1 pm daily (One o clock Gun), but we came a little afterwards. Wear comfortable shoes because the cobblestones, plus the random spurts of rain, can make things slick. My favorite parts of the tour:- seeing the Queen's exhibit with the Scottish military history- seeing the Crown Jewels- looking out over the city from the castle walls. Worth a visit!! Allocate at least two-three hours, we walked through everything in a little more than two.
3	A must-see if you're in Edinburgh for an extended amount of time, considering the city was built around the old castle. However, as a student, I found it quite dull after a while, but resisted the urge to leave early and powered through (mostly due to the guilt I felt about paying so much for a ticket and audio guide). It's beautiful and historical and cool, but I would just assume exploring grass market and seeing the castle in it's magnificent glory from below.
5	I really enjoyed my visit to Edinburgh Castle. It's definitely a must-see in Edinburgh! The price was totally worth it. The architecture is majestic in itself but the fact that the castle is atop a hill makes it even more magnificent. The prison is probably the most interesting part despite the unpleasant smell. Also, the walk along the beautiful Royal Mile right outside the castle is a treat in itself.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVED visiting here - what a fantastic place! There were so many exhibits to choose from and there was a lovely exhibit with wooden mannequins that had REAL clothes on them (I'm a big textile history geek so this made me super happy). My favourite sections were the prison section and the area of the royal quarters. I could go on and on but this is a must-see place in Edinburgh if you're visiting. The exhibits are easy to navigate, very informative and approachable for a non-history-expert (i.e. someone like my husband) audience.
5	The castle is one of those places you need to set aside a good 2-4 hours. Admissions is pricy but there's so much to do once you're inside!
4	We went to Edinburgh Castle early on a Sunday morning trying to beat the crowds and it definitely worked.  The castle is very well preserved and a must see attraction while in Edinburgh.
5	I've visited Edinburgh Castle a few times to check out information and events also you get a outstanding view of princes street and the surroundings of Edinburgh. Its great if you are a traveller or tourism all the better way to visit Edinburgh, Scotland.
5	Review #1200 is dedicated to one of the most amazing experiences of my lifetime: our wanders through the Edinburgh Castle.Where do I start...It's foreboding. One of the oldest castles in the UK. Vast, tough, but also beautiful and revered. The Latin sign at the entrance basically says "mess with us, and you mess with the whole clanship." It has survived many kings and queens, total destruction and rebuilding, and countless other unsuccessful attacks from enemies.The tour includes a close view of the Scottish Crown Jewels, and the Stone of Destiny, upon which all kings and queens of England and Scotland are crowned. The room in which Mary Queen of Scots gave birth to the later King James was impressive in its smallness; a tiny room off the royal apartments, intricately designed.St. Margaret's chapel was a touching tribute.The cemetery for dogs was also very sweet. "Scamp" was surely worthy of the honor bestowed by Queen Victoria.So much more to describe, and I can't wait to return someday, to learn more about it.
5	This is a must go too! The lines do get long, so try and go in the early morning or buy your tickets ahead of time. But great just ot walk around and explore. Be sure to stay till 1 oclock to watch the cannon go off!
4	As castles go, Edinburgh castle is well worth visiting. Fantastic views of the city, the Firth of Forth, Fife and beyond. It has more than enough history packed into its walls. It holds the National War museum and regimental museums as well. The Scottish Honours are located on site, so if you can stand the long lines and shuffling through room to room with pushy tourists, then the sword, sceptre and crown are worth it. If you purchased a kilt on the Royal Mile don't wear it to the castle otherwise everyone will think you work there and will be a wealth of knowledge. The ones who do work there know their stuff. The fusilier who puts on a little show is very funny. Also, don't miss the 1 o'clock gun... They're Scots, and don't waste money on more than one salute a day.The Redcoat cafe has good food and very good coffee. Just what you need after braving a cold, windy and often rainy walk about the castle (and we're talking August here folks).Overall, a great experience. One might want to consider almost a full day as there's lots to see.
4	gorgeous and fantastic but the weather in Edinburgh is really bad~ take all your warm clothes to start your journey~
5	Even if you don't go up and visit the castle (as I think its about 25 quid to get in) its such a spectacular castle that is very helpful if lost in edinburgh but also beautiful. My favourite point at attending the castle is definitely when the Edinburgh Military Tattoo Parade is on, as the castle gets lit up with fireworks and visual effects displays. Also Hogmany on New Years eve and generally at least once a month there will be fireworks shooting off it.Definitely recommend heading up here, but best views are from princes st!Also a tip - St Andrews day all historic sites are free to enter. So you can go in for free!Also 1pm every day except sunday they shoot the canon off!
4	I've been to Edinburgh Castle before but both visits were about ten years ago and after visiting again it seems I'd forgotten much of it! The walk up to the castle is a bit of a hike but it's worth it for the views out over Edinburgh alone. As you walk through the gate it's quite clear you're walking into a real castle, the type castles in Vegas are modelled off. And it's certainly not small. It's honestly like it's own little village in there with lots of buildings and shops. The part where the Royals lived was actually quite small in comparison to the grounds but it's great to be able to see their apartments and grand hall and of course the crown jewels. It does get very busy in the Crown jewel exhibition though and often that means you're pushed along without being able to read the exhibits.The views as I said are very impressive,  it's great to be able to see real guns and canons that were used. Unfortunately we visited on a Sunday, the only day the 1pm gun is not fired! There's a good whisky shop there with free tastings and there are lots of museums too - war museum, barracks museum etc. You could easily spend 3 hours wandering around the grounds checking everything out. The most interesting part in my opinion was the prisoner of war exhibition. As I'd been twice previously we were undecided whether to go and check it out but my other half had never been before so we decided to give it a look and I'm so glad we did. It really is an Edinburgh must do!
4	It is a castle.
5	Beautiful view when it's not raining! :)
4	A must see in Edinburgh! I highly recommend getting the Explorer Pass if you plan to visit more castles - it's well worth the money and you avoid the queues at the castle! The castle itself takes at least 2 hours to get through. You get breathtaking views of the city from all sides. Additionally, the National War Museum is fantastic; the exhibits are marvelous and interesting, with plenty of history right in front of you. If you aren't a fan of crowds, avoid the Crown Jewels. This was the only exhibit In Edinburgh Castle I didn't enjoy simply because you are crammed into a winding hallway with numerous visitors who cannot follow a queue. If you do stop to read the exhibits on the wall, you end up stalling those behind you or get knocked into. The jewels themselves are quite lovely, but nothing to go out of your way to see.The shops are a bit underwhelming, but the cafe provides tasty treats at an expected museum cafe rate.
5	10/07/2014: Edinburgh Castle was day one of my first trip to Scotland.  Walking up the Royal Mile looking in all of the tat shop windows your eyes can't help but be drawn to the magnificent castle perched at the top of the hill.  We walked up through the entrance across the draw bridge, paid for our entry which was 16 quid per adult.  An American girl in a land with so much history I was in complete awe.  I'm not sure how long we wandered around gawking at the well built and long lasting castle but I had to see every nook and cranny.  The Great Hall fit its name.  It was massive and the woodwork was and weapons were awesome.  The National War Museum was filled with tributes to the fallen men of Scotland over the centuries.  I had to stop to read each and every crest and the names listed.  The Scottish Crown Jewels were so intricate and lovely.  I only wish we had arrived on the Royal Mile to hear the 1 o'clock gun.The walk was an not a hard one at all but there were a few steep areas around the castle grounds.  The views are picture perfect.If you're a history lover as I am you will want to take in this sight.
5	Is a dream, and all person must see in One time in This life
4	Great!!
