5	Every time, I'm in Verdun on the way to various places, I always pass this little place on Bannantyne and notice that the terrasse is consistently packed and there always seems to be a hum of activity here.What also caught my attention was the fact that there's an emphasis on Acadian fare here, something which is a bit of a rarity. One of those places you keep telling yourself, that you have to try sometime and yet never seem to do.Well thankfully, today a friend and I managed to do exactly that and glad that we did. No need to go to the Plateau anymore for decent breakfasts and brunches. The food here was excellent, portions were huge, service was friendly and prices were very decent for what you get. You'll find all your French Canadian breakfast classics here, eggs, toast, bacon, Eggs Benedict, waffles, crepes, French toast, omelette, baked beans, crouton, etc.I ordered an omelette called "La Roque" filled with Italian sausages, mushrooms, onions, peppers and cheese. I could barely finish it, it was so filling! My friend ordered Eggs Florentine and cleaned off her plate. Both of us waddled out, very full and very satisfied but no doubt also with elevated cholesterol levels!Not a place that's big on innovation, but does the classics very well. I'm definitely going back.
3	This is one of my local go-to breakfast places here in Verdun. It's not fancy, but it's cheap and good. If you're in the area and need a good breakky, then you should definitely try it out (the more hungover you are the better!).My favourite is the big breakfast, as it comes with french toast or a crepe (in addition to the eggs, meats, beans, homefries and fruits).The (filtered) coffee is OK here, but nothing amazing.On the waffle side of things, I can heartily recommend the chocolate chip ones. The blueberry ones were OK, but great. Make sure you ask for real maple syrup, as they just put that table crap out if you don't.There's lots of other stuff on the menu that I haven't had a chance to try, so its a good place to go if you want something a little different (it all has an Acadian theme to it).
3	A good place for breakfast in Verdun. Good food, and it's not expensive. You don't go there for the ambiance or the decoration as it's a simple restaurant, but a friendly one.There are too many tables in the venue as it's not a big restaurant, so sometimes the place feels packed. It's also a bit hard to go there during the weekend, as it's always full or nearly full.
4	Consistently yummy & affordable breakfast. All the standard eggs & meat plates come with creton, toast, beans and fruit or tomatoes. Every now and then you'll get a somewhat stale crepe but it's always just an extra to my meal (not my main order) so not a big deal. They do have some fancier things too like brioche with piles of fruit, etc. I've only ever eaten breakfast here but it's my go-to in Verdun. Usually quite busy on weekend mornings so get there early!
4	Great place for breakfast in Verdun. You can't really go wrong with a $5 breakfast that includes two eggs, toast, fruits, beans, and coffee. It's not fancy, but the food is great for the price. The waitresses are always super nice.
3	Verdun's hidden gems! Adorable Acadian Fishing decor on the inside, we got here at 11:15am and it was packed (with about 4 other groups waiting behind us)! Plates were not only super tasty but totally worth the price! They have your eggs benny, crepes and eggs, bacon and home fries, yogurt and whatnot. My friend went bananas for their creton! I honestly thought the price was super reasonable for breakfast (my eggs, potatoes, toast, and fruit was less than a fiver... and I had a nibble of my friend's eggs benedict and I really enjoyed their hollandaise sauce!Service was friendly, tables were clean and refills were not forgotten so overall, I'd come back again!
2	2 stars is generous, the food was sub-par, service was terrible and rushed, portions were tiny and nothing special, i was starving after finishing my plate, all in all we were in and out of there in 20 minutes, not a good experience: why not just stay home, and do brunch yourself instead of wasting your money on this place
5	Best breakfast joint in Montreal west! I'll agree that the service is lacking, but the food is far from "sub-par and tiny portions".  The cretons are amazing.
3	Easy parking, great food, simple and cute interior.Sadly some of the staff are plain horrible. We were lucky that one of the owners took over our table because we were ready to leave.Hopefully they will realize this at some point, I read some similar comments before going there and was shocked at how spot on it was.Example; forgetting parts of the order, serving people who came in after us first, attitude when requesting the balance of the order, etc...Will be going back, fingers crossed.
