5	I can only assume that Best Wishes is a relatively new gift shop on the scene as I've never seen it before and can't find a phone number or any details on the internet or in the phone book. I'm just glad I stumbled across it as it's absolutely beautiful!It's a gift shop with a difference as everything is very well organised wit great attention to detail and it's clear that everything has been very well thought out. There are beautiful cushions which are all arranged on a lovely wooden display bench and a selection of cosmetics and toiletries are displayed at the back on a stunning vanity case beside a cuddly merkat wearing a red bath robe - that made me chuckle. Best Wishes stock cards, gift wrap, cosmetics, keyrings, teddies, tin toys, they even stock Arran Aromatics and I noticed a dish with cute thistle soaps inside that smelled amazing. In fact, due to all the yummy toiletries the whole shop smells amazing.In addition to being a beautiful shop there was a lovely lady working who I assume was the owner and she was very nice and asked me if I needed any help but was also happy to let me browse at my leisure which I enjoyed.
4	Best Wishes is another of those alternative, independent gift shops which are very popular in Edinburgh. It sells all sorts, including artsy cards, funky wrapping paper, jewellery, trinkets, make up, and toys which are all excellent stocking filler gifts or something small to give as a birthday present. The gifts are not the cheapest around but they are good quality and the cards are very original, think Clinton's but actually good. The store is well laid out, making it easy to find what you are looking for which for me is a huge help, seeing as I often get lost in these type of shops, and end up buried under hundreds of little accessories or being attacked by care bears. The owner was exceptionally helpful as well, offering to wrap everything, and was a cheerful person to have a chat to.
4	Best Wishes has a very understated exterior. The font is that of the kind used on wedding invitations - elegant and simple.Inside, there is so much more on offer than the modest fronting may suggest. Nicely decorated and brimming with lots of quirky gifts, it's a great place to pick up some presents. Selling bags with Tunnocks Teacakes on them (amongst other Scottish icons) there is something in here for tourists as much as there is for local shoppers.It's big, airy and modern inside, the staff are very accomodating but most of all, there are mountains upon mountains of card, wrap, trinkets, jewellery and other such snazzy prezzies. If I stayed local this would be my only stop for birthday and Christmas presents for le familie.
