5	This is truly a FIVE STAR Toy Store for childen.  First class educational toys, and first class just to have fun toys!  Friendly and helpful staff and and all around great store to shop in.   The store itself offers shoppers a wonderful browsing experience.
5	I have 5 nieces and nephews and Kidstop always has high quality, fun toys that you don't find at the mega mart.  The staff are always helpful in locating just the right toy for the occasion.  I never have to worry about finding something.  I always walk away with a smile.
5	After reading the thread about holiday giving, I realized I had not reviewed Kidstop!  The only kid I know is my nephew, and I don't see him that often, so I'm always at a loss as to what to buy him.  Since it seems he has everything imaginable, his parents are useless resources.  Hmmm.  That's an interesting contradiction in terms, isn't it?Kidstop saves the day every time!  They offer a huge selection of both educational and creative toys for kids of all ages.  Lots of the standards like games, trains, planes, and dolls, but they also have more educational things like science kits and erector sets.  I just found some cool stilts and parachute men last time, too!  My husband was sorely disappointed with our last visit, however.  Although they still sell the parts, they took down the Rokenbok display.  Now he has to shop like an adult.So what did we buy this year?  A radio-controlled airplane that can be used in the house.  That one is for his parents to lament over.  And a magician's set of card tricks.  I'm pretty sure he's a little scheister in the making.
5	Kidstop is an independently owned toy store, a rarity in this era of retail megaliths trying to run the locals out of business. The store was busy, but not chaotic; a rare find during the Christmas buying season. My sales person was friendly and didn't try to pressure or hassle me into buying anything specific. He DID however, know MUCH about the toys the store stocked, the target age-group, and how the toy's worked. With the ambient Christmas music (not too loud), the uncluttered aisles, and no-hassle environment, i didn't feel that I had to grab something and RUSH to get out as quickly as possible; a comforting alternative to the retailing giants.My salesperson helped me find what I hope my 9 - 11 year old nieces and nephew will really enjoy.Kidstop offers free gift wrap too! Merry Christmas!
5	Great big/little unique toy store.  Most, if not all, of their toys are very educational, unique, and/or classic toys, as well as numerous items which have "Best Toy Awards".  I think I spent over 1.5 hours looking at the displays, playing with them, or looking through the books.  (Not sure who had more fun, me or kids ?).
5	Hands down my favorite toy store! I cannot go in here without buying a ton of stuff. The prices are very reasonable and they have a wonderful selection of toys, books, puzzles, arts & crafts, etc. The employees are really nice and helpful and they have complimentary gift wrap. This is the perfect place if you are looking for a unique, quality gift :)
5	This store is so much fun!!  I know I am still a child inside when I go in here and want to play with everything.  They have all kinds of toys that I remember from my childhood such as Legos, Playmobile, and  Calico Critters as well as cool new toys.  All kinds of things from educational, to artistic, to just great toys.The staff is always friendly and helpful, even when it was really busy I had people ask if they could help me find anything.  They also do an amazing job gift-wrapping.
5	If you are one to want to find a unique gift or challenge your child while he/she has fun, KidStop is your place.  Kate, the owner, hand picks the toys she sells; each debated upon and well thought out for our kids. I like to buy our friend's kids' birthday gifts there because their stuff is so different, special and in some cases, one of a kind.  PLUS!! they gift wrap the item for FREE!!!!!  Support local businesses!!
5	What a great place to shop for a special kid in your life! This locally owned shop features a huge variety of awesome fun toys, crafts, educational toys, etc. for kids of a variety of ages. The prices are very reasonable and you can find some more unique items than you would at a big chain. I love it, and they gift wrap for free and make your gift look beautiful. I'll definitely be shopping here again!
3	Yes, this is an awesome toy store.  Huge selection and a friendly knowledgeable staff.  But the prices... Yikes! I really can appreciate the fact that these are wholesome, well-made toys with a focus on learning rather than supporting the corporate brands and Hollywood characters.  But it is just not practical for your everyday shopping needs.  I recommend it when you want a special or unusual gift or if you have one of those rare children that wants intellectual stimulation more than to impress their friends with the latest electronic gadget or action figure.
5	I love this toy store.  Not only do they have unique toys, they also put many events for the community.  I love their toy testing event.  They set up in the parking lot and the kids can test different new toys.  This past weekend we went to the sale.  You get a large shopping bag and you pay $39.99 for everything you can fit in it, while still being able to grab it from the handle and not ripping the bag (it is made out of brown paper).  The only bad thing this weekend where those two FAT ladies (like 400 lb. fat), you know who you were, who were trying to hog everything and not letting people grab stuff.  I think the managers were going to address  the issue.  You were supposed to only get one bag, pay for it and go back in line.  Hopefully next year they will be able to do it a little different.  I am looking forward to their Easter Egg hunt.
5	Fantastic!!! A refuge while traveling. Amazing array. Cool finds. Great service.
5	Kidstop carries fun, education toys that my kids love! And don't miss their annual Toy Tester event. The event allows your kids to play with a bunch of the toys so you can learn which ones will make great gifts year round. ;')
1	What a disappointment! Went tonight with wife and our 11-month old daughter, looking forward to giving a locally-owned store some business and picking a special present for our little gal. Great selection of toys, cute store, lots of interesting things right inside the door. However, after 20 minutes, no-one had acknowledged us, said hello, offered assistance ... nothing. This despite the owners and two young employees were walking around and only 1-2 other customers were in the store. -2 stars.Asked the gal behind the counter if we could open an item for our daughter to try it out. This would have required removing 2-3 pieces of tape, but no - not possible. -1 star.But the straw that really broke the old camel's back came when we were offered to sign up for their mailing list. Members of the list get a little birthday gift every year. Great, we thought - our daughter's birthday is two days away. Alas, "she'll have to wait till next year" because store policy dictated a few more days notice! Say what? Yep, "wait till next year" we were told again. -more stars than I can deduct!!!So we took our $50 purchase and left disappointed with no plans to return. Even Buy Buy Baby has 10x better customer service, greets you, offers assistance (sometimes even too much), but a mom & pop store can't even say hello and welcome, or see the awkwardness in denying a birthday gift to a first customer who could have become a regular for the next 10 years? Hello and goodbye, Kidstop. Never again.
5	Just stopped in again for a gift for my niece - did not have a lot of time but the staff found several great options and wrapped one beautifully - All I had to do was show up at the birthday party !  It's always a pleasure shopping here - makes me want to be a kid again!
5	Best toy store I have been to in phoenix. They wrap for free, they are very helpful at trying to help you pick the best gifts for the age you are looking for. They know their toys. They have a lot of speciality toys and educational toy. Fun place.
5	It's great to be able to voice your opinion about retail experiences ... but it's so much better when it turns bad experiences into great ones. The owner of Kidstop reached out to me and apologized for the poor experience we had last year, so we went back yesterday and found exactly what we had hoped for the first time: Great personal service, down to earth, no-nonsense policies, and now two stores (Baby Stop) right next to each other.Kate, the owner, and her (new) staff were energetic, thoughtful and great at suggesting things for our daughter. They clearly had passion for the products and their business, which I always find contagious and inspiring. We walked away with a great toy and are looking forward to giving our business here for years to come. Feels better than frequenting generic, big-box stores.
5	Best place to go for any baby and kid furniture or toys. The big competitors do not compare to this local business. I needed some toys for my nieces birthday but didn't want to just go buy her cheap plastic toys that she would play with once and be done with. Went here and got some gray educational toys that she loves! Will alwYs be going here!
5	First let me say that I love, love, love, love this store!  There are so many things to choose from & it's my go to place for gifts for kids (since discovering it & it's sister store, Baby Stop, about 10 months ago right after my son was born).  My favorite event so far is the fill-a-bag sale they have every February...this was my first year, I can tell you that I WILL be back next year & the year after that & the year after that until they no longer have this sale!  It's already on my calendar for 2015!  Holy smokes did I get a TON of stuff for very little money!  Kate, the owner is just an absolute doll & I love the fact that she brings her beautiful dogs, Murphee & McGuire to the stores with her!
5	We came here to buy magna-tiles for my son and discovered a fantasy land toy store that has a huge selection and very nice staff. We will be back soon and can't wait to explore more. Their selection and layout of the store are awesome
5	What a fantastic find! Great toy store with so many selections in every age range. They have classic style toys for a toddler: riding/wheeled items, balls, dolls and building sets in every variety (duplo, blocks, magnetic).  Plus the bigger kid section with electronic games, board games, educational items, and kid crafting (yarn, jewels, rubber bands, paints, etc). Modest selection of reading books but many more activity/coloring books-an impressive variety with items I've not seen elsewhere. There is also a small selection of decor type items for a kids room or clothing accessories. You can find many sales items and range of prices, but to give you an idea--$80 for large toy set, $25 for block set, $2-5 for small take and toss toys. Overall the prices range from mid to high, but quality is higher than you would get at local Wal-Mart. Totally worth it. Go, you won't be disappointing.
5	They have Breyer horses! It's so hard to find toy stores with qualitiy toys.  I grew up with a Breyer Horse obsesion and handed that trait down to my daughter. The Breyer selection here always makes my daughter so excited!
