3	I had a good, but not great meal here.The "menu gastronomique" on this night consisted of three items:-A fantastic French Onion soup (but really, you better not screw this one up if you're a French restaurant), that was loaded with bubbly cheese and a rich broth.-A relatively bland portion of seared duck breast that looked a little bare on the plate and was a little dry for my taste.  Note: one of the other diners had the duck entree, which she was extremely enamored with-A tasty elk medallion, prepared au poivre, which was perfectly cooked but really did not pack the peppery punch I was expecting.  Fortunately the plate had enough other flavor on it to complement the meat well.  This included foie gras, as well as some roasted new potatoes and a vegetable medley which were both very nice.I can't for the life of me remember the name of the bottle of wine we had, but I was fairly unimpressed with a boring cabernet that lacked any real flavor.  This was a $45 bottle at the restaurant that could not have fetched more than $10 at a grocery store.I should mention here that when the check came, they billed the prix fixe as $52 instead of the $42 that was listed.  Keep your wits about you.It was a good meal.  Given that French restaurants on this adorable cobbled section of Old Montreal are more densely packed than Montreal bars are with underage Americans, I will probably not be back to Le Sauvagine, even should I find myself back in this neck of the woods again.  But unless you have some insider info, this place'll do.
3	Le Sauvagine was only OK.  We were there for a special occasion while traveling. It had a very nice setting in old Montreal.  Quaint inside.  Service was spotty and the menu was OK.  Our main course was very good.  The soups were not as good.  Neither the Bisque nor French Onion had a great deal of taste.  This was quite surprising for a French Restaurant.  I'm sure there are better restaurant selections in old town.
4	This place made me feel like I was back in Europe, Portugal to be exact. Drank a bottle of vinho verde, and the soup was not that good. He tapas how ever were great and staff was very friendly, the young waitress was cool and worked very hard.
5	The food was absolutely phenomenal.  I had the Cornish hen and my friend ate the wild boar. Both dishes were thoughtfully prepared and the wild boar was especially flavorful.  Beautiful flavor in the sauce, and the Cornish hen had a bit of Portuguese flare. The owner was also very friendly. Would definitely recommend this place!
3	Actual visit on 9/5/14. Ordered Pates Vegetariennes farcies au Ricotta et Epinards - Veggie Rotolo - Pasta stuffed with ricotta and spinach. Salad.  The 2 ricotta and Spinach rolls were tasty.  The side salad was very good.  The highlight was the very flavorful Sangria.  Service was ok...... I had to ask for a water refill.  There are sooooooooo many other restaurants in this area, I would probably give another one a try before rushing back here.
