5	I am a beer and wine kinda girl by nature but I have to say Lime Ice is great!! Located in the Venetian hotel...they have the best frozen drinks you will ever have. Forget about the Fat Tues. that are located all along the strip...if you like frozen drinks this is your place. My favorites are the Pink Sky and Purple Rain (I recommend to get an extra premium liquor floater on top). Also...they have JELLO SHOTS!! Nice and strong and only 2 bucks!! I haven't had jello shots as good as these since Super Bowl Party XXV!! Don't worry...if you aren't into "feminine" sweet frozen drink fare....they have a great selection of bottled beers!! Any place that serves Fat Tire in the bottle is alright with me!!  Music that is playing on their IPOD is great and the plasma TV always has a great game on!!Update 6/16/07: They now have a Jager Machine!!! God Bless them!!
5	i came to vegas this weekend with friends and i knew i wanted one of those big ass drinks in those big ass cups!  when i saw this place and the lady who worked there offered me samples, i knew i had found the right place.. i got the biggest pink sky which is a pink grapefruit frozen piece of heaven!  i also got a floater of skyy citrus on top for $2 more.  while the entire thing was $20 (i tipped her $2), it was so good and got me feeling pretty damn good!!  it's more of a novelty thing but if you have some extra vodka, you can keep adding more in, which is what i did!  you have to try this place if you haven't gotten one of these before!!
5	OMG!!!  I normally love beer and wine, but I tried their Purple Rain and it was awesome!  Kinda tart, not too sweet (I can't do sweet drinks), and with a little vodka, yummy!  Sorta had a berry taste to it.  I was craving it the rest of the trip and unfortunately couldn't make it back, but I found a similar berry drink at the Miracle Shops' movie theater...  I am hooked!  (please see pics)
5	All I can say is $2 jello shots!!!  Good strong Jello shots too, I almost gagged on it!!!!  Anything in Vegas for $2 is a steal i don't care what it is, i'll take it.  Plus you can get those tall yard drinks here and if you bring them back to refill them later it is only half the price.
5	Oh yeah.  This place is my favorite slushie place in Vegas...and I know them all.  The Purple Rain is my favorite.  I go to this place every stinkin day when I'm in Vegas...at least once.  It's as necessary as food and water.Oh and they'll add an extra shot for just a buck more.  :)
4	Since watching the opening comedian for Russell Peters, we always giggle and go "oooh... Furfle Rain!"Drinks here were strong... really strong! The bartender held the vodka over the cup for a good 6-8 count pour. Lordy! The sugary sweet slushy covered up the alky really well...Definitely a novelty drink but for all the mixed slushy drinks I've tried so far, they by far had the best tasting ones...
5	I stopped dead in my tracks when I saw this booth in the food court.  Hells yes to $2 Jello Shots!  I had the cherry and later came back for the Melon :D  I also had the delicious Vodka Pink Lemonade Slushy.
5	WOOOo i did the same exact thing david c. did in the previous review... $2 Jello shots... WHATT?!?! pretty awesome, did some shots and picked up a yard... ohhh it was glorious!
5	My first stop.  It's a quick stop.  It's a walk-up bar.  It all starts here!
4	A 32oz. alcoholic slush for only $16.16!  It's a bit more expensive than Fat Tuesday and they don't give you a discount card for a refill but their drinks are so good!  I'm not sure what my drink was because I just told the girl to make me something good and strong (apparently, she gets that a lot).  She asked me if I preferred any type of alcohol, any type of flavor, anything but I said nope.  It was nice of her to make sure that I was satisfied, though.With the 32oz. bottle, you have a choice of blue, pink or clear!  The place itself is also really colorful, very nice and vibrant colors, too.  Although everyone agreed that my drink was delicious, we also all agreed that it wasn't that strong.  It didn't get me buzzed but maybe I should have drunken it faster.  OR I should have added more shots!All in all, 4 stars for a great drink, great service, CONVENIENT LOCATION (right upstairs relative to our hotel, inside the mall) and cool colors =P
3	An okay substitute to Fat Tuesdays.We stayed at the Encore so the nearest Fat Tuesdays was either at the Stratosphere or Caesar's.. both quite far in terms of walking distance so we settled for Lime Ice @ the Venetian instead.Major differences:-L.I. has limited flavors.. probably only 6 machines max and they're pretty normal/standard. F.T. has multiple flavors and they are quite unique like the Cat 5 Hurricane, 190 Octane along with the standard flavors as well.-F.T. has HARDER alcohol like 151 and Everclear, and each shot is only $2 (I heard it used to only be $1?!). L.I. only has rum, tequila, and vodka.. therefore, you won't get f'ed up as nicely, and each extra shot is $3.-F.T. at the Forum Shoppes is huge, they had a seating area and even bar food you can order. L.I. is pretty tiny, and only had one girl working it on a Saturday afternoon.. which made the wait for one drink about 15 minutes.So overall, Lime Ice had a longer wait, semi-boring flavors (margarita, strawberry daiquiri and pina colada? We've seen it) although they were pretty tasty, and more expensive drinks with weaker alcohol.My one 22oz pilsner plus an extra shot of rum came out to $18.. and I didn't even get a buzz from it! Just extremely full. I can see why there are multiple Fat Tuesday locations and only one of these in Vegas. We should've just made the walk! :\
4	32 oz pink sky slushy for $15. Not bad! You can choose from pink, blue, and clear yards. The bartender was so nice! And generous. I'm not sure how much alcohol is actually supposed to be in a 32 oz, but she would pour a shot into a jigger, pour the jigger, while letting the bottle pour into the yard. 2 times. Hey, not a bad deal. Pink sky is pink lemonade with vodka. They also had a mixed berry with vodka, pina colada, blue with rum, and strawberry daquiri. We also got jello shots. $2. It was tasty. Don't be afraid to ask for a sample!
4	Great little place in the Venetian food court!Did not feel like running to the closest FAT Tuesday so we tried it out and it was GOOD!The difference with FAT Tuesday is that at Lime Ice the alcohol is not mix in, so you can pick whatever alcohol you want in your slushy!!the Bartender was super nice, and really generous with her pours!!Try it out you will really like it!
5	I love this place! I love the slushes. I love the big giant flamboyant-colored souvenir bottles. The jello shots were VERY weak but tasty. I got them everyday when I was in Vegas.
5	What's not to love?  Pick a slushy, then add alcohol!  I really wish there was a place like this in the malls in NC.  That would make shopping more fun!Last trip there, the gal that helped us was so sweet and very cool.  She had a great attitude and even gave us free jello shots on our 3rd (or 4th?) trip back for another drink.  I always get the berry slushy with vodka, plus an extra shot on top.  Beware...they'll get ya drunk before ya know it!! :)  Love it!
4	IT'S WRONG TO DRINK BEFORE SUNDOWN... BUT WHO CARES?  I AM IN VEGAS!Was walking around Venetian and saw Lime Ice Frozen Bar, and I shrugged and thought to myself.  Why not?  The girl behind the counter was friendly and waited patiently while my undecisive friend took forever to make up his mind.  We decided to go with a 22oz Margarita.  Maybe it was early in the morning, but the girl behind the counter did a good job adding extra shots of tequilia into our drink.  Yum Yum...The 22oz Margarita slushie was $12.  Not bad by Vegas standard, as I was paying up to $10 per beer elsewhere.  Just get the regular slushie if you want a drink or want to cool off, but I would really recommend paying $3 more for an extra shot if you want to get a nice buzz.Lime Ice offers refills for a reduced price, but too bad I only saw this counter at Venetian and not at the other hotels I was hanging out at.
1	I'm guessing none of the other reviewers actually watched them make their drinks. I ordered a 24 oz drink and they put one shot of Vodka in it! Are you kidding me $15 for one shot of vodka and some frozen sugar water. So of course I added another shot which was reasonable (it only cost me another $3). So after a tip this drink ended up costing $20. Even with this second shot the drink was weak and I ended up giving it away so I didn't make myself sick from all of the sugar. If you are looking for a stomach ache then check this place out, but if your looking to get a buzz I suggest going to a real bar!
4	This is the first place I've ever tried one of those large tacky frozen drinks from.  A friend of mine let me take a sip the last time I went to Vegas and I've been hooked ever since.Trekked here after watching Mystere at Treasure Island.  Finding the Venetian food court is like treasure hunting.  Those cobblestone floors did not get along with my heels.  Nevertheless I found it and I was not disappointed.I was delighted that the cup was hot pink and ordered the pink lemonade. This thing got me buzzed in like 10 minutes. I was shopping at Banana Republic and was definitely feeling the Asian Glow. NOT A GOOD LOOK.I can't really compare it to Fat Tuesdays or anything but this place is yummy and the cup is hot pink. How could you go wrong?!
5	oh my gosh. this drink got me drunkk in like 5 minutes no joke.its pretty similar to fat tuesday but when its a million degrees outside, you really dont feel like walking that far down the strip to get it..especially if youre staying closer to the north end of the strip. and plus lime ice's bottles are way cuter!anywho. i got the pink lemonade 22oz for like $12. what a deal. in goes the shots of bacardi... and the slushee.. and you've got yourself a party! they mix it for you but somehow all the alcohol settles to the bottom, so the first 5-7 sips are so strong they just get you buzzinnnn. great way to beat the heat and get drunk at the same time. whats not to love!
3	I was quite a distance away from a Fat Tuesday, so I took my chances with Lime Ice. The lady at the counter recommended the Purple Rain, which was mixed berries combined with vodka. Good choice, however I had hoped for it to be stronger. I should have asked if I could get an extra shot with it because it sure needed one, or two. I'll take note of that for future reference, but I'll probably just stick to FT from now on.
3	If you find yourself too far from a Fat Tuesday, but are near the palazzo/venetian, consider lime ice where you can get essentially the same thing (and some may claim an even better version, at that). Big mugs are $18, a yard costs $15, and refills are $12. I liked the raging bull (red bull and alcohol), which my friend accurately comopared to smartees candies. I made a bad choice though, and mixed the bull with the strawberry daiquiri. YOCK.
4	Favorite frozen bar in Vegas.  I love the Pink Sky, but be warned - these drinks are VERY sweet.  They have lots of other yummy sounding drinks too.  Expensive, except it's Vegas and so in that case the prices were reasonable and they really are more of a novelty drink anyways.
4	Cool souvenir cups and overpriced drinks! GREAT!As much as that is, this is my regular drinking station when in vegas.Unfortunately though, I only like their cocobana(?) flavor with malibu (coconut).Also, it doesn't hurt seeing pretty gals or studs serving. =D
4	Good alternative to fat Tuesday's, however I would still rather go to fat Tuesday's. The drinks here are decent, but not enough alcohol so they give you too much sugar rush without the alcohol affect. It was really cool that you can upgrade to premium alcohol (goose or skyy instead of their well alcohol) for $2 for the whole 100oz yardstick. Purple rain was my favorite flavor, but it was just too sugary compared to fat Tuesday's
4	Delicious and a great deal (around 12 or so bucks). We added an extra shot to it and it was a great way to start off our Vegas stay.The bartender said to avoid the red bull flavor as it tastes like a**. When I tried it, I downplayed the flavor as I didn't want to look like I absolutely loved it :P Ultimately, I opted for the pink lemonade and for whatever reason, it masked the taste of alcohol but still delivered the effects. Ask for samples before you commit to something.This is a great alternative if you can't make your way out to Fat Tuesday (we were staying at Treasure Island so the Venetian wasn't too far away).
4	I had a late start at 10am and stopped by here to get started on my drinking. This place doesn't disappoint.  The frozen drinks here will quench just about any kind of thirst. It can be pricey, but at least you get a souvenir cup out of it.The purple rain was extremely tasty. This is a refreshing way to start your day or night.
1	The drinks are VERY weak.  Not worth the money.  Go instead to the stand in front of Paris casino.  You will get you money worth as they don't give just 1 or 2 shots.
4	This place is super cute and it's in the area between the hallway of rooms 100 - 300 of the Venetian and the Grand Canal Shopping Center [which is at the Venetian as well, ha ha, duuhh]. Their drinks are huge, you have the option for smaller ones but while you're in Vegas go big or go home is what I always say! Ha ha [but not really]. Their drinks are tasty but I deducted a star because of their staff. First off the girls look like they never take showers and don't even get me started on their nails chipping and outgrowing, and their fat [no literally, unattractively fat] stomachs hanging out... secondly when one of the chicks opened a beer for a customer she stuck her greasy finger in it to stop it from fizzing up after she opened it..... gross???? So this is a huge gross out for me, I would recommend this place only if you see the CLEAN girls working! Lol.
1	I figured this place would be like Fat Tuesday's, but I was wrong.  The drinks are weak and too sweet.I tried the Pina Coloda and it tasted like there was a cup of sugar in it.
2	One star for the bartendress, who was helpful and nice, even as swamped as she was. One star for the coconut rum slushie, which was tasty and disappeared way too fast for our liking. However, prices were too high for the amount of alcohol you actually got vs. the cloyingly sweet slushie mix. I was wishing on a star that this place would be a substitute for Fat Tuesday, but it ended up being a fat disappointment. Note to self- I would rather brave the deathly heat outside to get to the nearest Fat Tuesday than do this again.
4	A littllle bit more expensive than fat tuesday (like 1 or 2 dollars more) but if you're staying in the venetian it's soooooo convenient. The drinks are sweet here but I can't handle the taste of alcohol so it was right up my alley. Its towards the food court..that's all I remember. Had a couple jello shots too....didn't taste a lot of alcohol in them. Overall good and convenient for where I stayed. Always get the extra shot.
5	A little bar found in the Venetian that has frozen mixed drinks & a full bar -- this place had an awesome vibe! Good music, yummy drinks, and a very funny and accommodating bartender... we ended up spending hours at this place! Our bartenders name was Alex, and she was what made the night go from good to amazing! I will probably never go to a Fat Tuesdays ever again just because I liked the flavors there better. I highly recommend the purple rain mixed with the pink lemonade! So refreshing. As locals, we will definitely be back again! :)
5	Best frozen bar ive been to so far! Way better then fat tuesdays when it comes to prices and customer service. The bartenders are friendly and full of energy. Favorite drinks would have to be cola-freeze or purple rain mixed with pink Panther. Dont forget the 2 extra shots for $5. Alex best bartenders ever!!!
3	This place reminds you of a miniature mini bar that wants to club party. Lol. The frozen drinks were super sweet and syrupy. The Jell-O shots are strong. Too strong to want to pop more shots. Lol. Pricey, friendly staff and tight seating.
5	My new favorite place the bf and I like their flavors way better than the other famous place and since its right in the hotel The Palazzo we always go there when we're in Vegas. The jello pop rock shots are interesting try it....
