4	Very nice looking new room in Rosemont, especially at night. Owned by the same folks behind Pub St Edouard you can see a similar mix of the whimsical and tidy. Carved wooden bedposts decorate the bar, and the signature cocktail is the Made With Love winner topped with homemade jalapeno cotton candy. There is a beautiful oyster bar and windows that offer a glimpse into the kitchen where hearty Quebec bar treats like smoked meat sandwiches are carved and served. The beer menu is limited to the usual exclusivity-demanding suspects which is too bad, I'd love to see some adventurousness here, but when looking for a beautiful, romanic spot for oysters and cocktails look no further.
2	mind you, this place opened recently so they still have a lot of work to do! lots!after reading a review by our lovely CM and hearing about $1 oyster on sunday (which is true), i had to come and since i live not too far, can't say no.place is nice with tables placed around the windows, a full bar seating (u-shaped) and a mini bar seating at the oyster counter. music is not bad.drinks: interesting cocktails list (like the cotton candy one, la grande roue), a decent list of wine (both red and white) as well as champagne (even moet is there) and of course, the caesar list because oysters without a bloody? blasphemy!food: right now, they only have oysters and a duck club sandwich and some chips.what did i got? i ordered la grande roue and some invisible oysters. the drink is quite good, nicely balanced and the cotton candy just add that little sweetness to it.the invisible oysters: why invisible? i actually never got them. all i can say is that i saw people enjoying them and ordering some more because it's sunday and they are priced at $1 each.the bad: service, service, service! when i got there, we were maybe 7 patrons in the bar and service was slow. took about 10-15 minutes to actually order something. once it got a bit more crowded, confusion just hit everyone. as i was enjoying my drink and wondering where the hell were my oysters (or if i actually had order them), i could see people waiting for what seem like forever to be served. their faces were pretty telling. some actually walk out as they got pissed.thing is, the place is not that big so mass confusion between the waiters, waitress and oyster guy and people not being served, hard to explainusually, when one gets bad service, they never come back but since they just opened, drinks are interesting and pretty good and $1 oyster on sunday, one has to give them another chance to work out the kinks and have a better experience. that's what i hope!it can get expensive! almost everything is $10+ but tax seems to be included in the price
4	The cocktails are well done and varied. We tasted different cocktails and shooters who were all very good and well executed. We have not tasted the food menu but we will definitely return to it tasted. Music is a little bit too loud when the windows are closed. The decor is very nice. Well done!
