2	Urban Outfitters is a Scenster's paradise with all the "sorta 80" clothes one could want. Don't get me wrong, occasionally they have SOME neat stuff, but I dont want to pay 5x its value. They have a small men's section which seems to be the case with all stores. The Scottsdale Waterfront location is even worse. If you MUST go to one of them choose the mills Ave one.
3	Not the best UO I've been too, but definitely a good sized one.  If I went to school as ASU, I would be in love with Mills Ave, as there are cute shops all along the street. This UO is just the same as any other, decent home selection, clothing, selection, as well as shoes selection.  The thing this store lacks is customer service as no one greeted me the entire time I was in the store, which was an entire 30 minutes.  After the first 15 I just give up when no one acknowledges me and my spending power!
3	Truth be told, I like this place more than I care to admit. I have a few things from here that I secretly fear people will recognize and say "That's not vintage! You paid out your ass for that shirt at Urban!" That would not be cool, in the least.Their bread and butter is franchising "indie." Which defeats the whole point of indie, really. But, for those of us that are too lazy to go digging around Goodwill's and Thrift for those sweet, vintage threads, we end up here. It was hosting a pretty serious sale here recently and I won't front, I checked it out and even picked up a couple things. I'll shoot it straight: if those sale prices were the norm, it'd be a four star establishment in my book. (Though, FTR, never five. There are some really cheesy and/or fratty things in here that no self-respecting person would ever sport. And the random paraphernalia? Funny, sometimes. But not always.)It is what it is, though, and it makes my life a little easier. Just don't tell anyone I said that.
3	Urban Outfitters is an emo boy and girl's paradise! That Ramone's t-shirt you had your eye on is here and has a $30 price tag. The overpriced store is filled with funky threads for men and women such as band tees, message tees and skinny jeans and is usally filled with guys wearing guyliner and ASU girls with Daddy's Mastercard.In addition to clothes, purses and jewelry, the store also has overpriced home decor like bean bags and trippy bed sheets.Don't get me wrong. While I may hate on the store for the clientele it attracts, I've found a few fun finds here like Mad Libs and a LAMB bag.
3	the clothes - i only really sort of like the styles here  nowadays. five or six years ago, when i was really into what they had here, i would treat myself to a shirt or cardigan that was just too damn cute not to have. then, after shelling out 65 bucks for it, it would fall apart in the washing machine after three washes. it took me a year to learn to never pay more than $20 for anything at this place because no matter what it is, that's all it's worth.the bags/sunglasses/jewelry/gloves/shoes/scarves - all pretty good, usually love the styles, but again with the price to quality ratio i rarely buy. you know those super-cute finglerless gloves that have a flip top to become mittens? you know how they're like $5 at target? they're $16-$24 here. it's tempting, but really, $16 and my hands will probably still be cold? can't do it.the sheets/glasses/plates/housewares/rugs - semi-reasonably priced, only because sheets are kind of pricey everywhere. plate sets/glasses usually have great modern/retro design and are unique.the kitsch - great. if i need a quick stop to get a unique/cool/funny/silly gift for a friend for their birthday, i can usually count on this place for some magnets, a book, an ashtray, a belt buckle, or any other random thing that people don't usually buy for themselves but are fun to own.as you can see, the damn place may be overpriced, but it's diverse - in fact it only earned the stars it did because of that.p.s. the employees have really perfected that bored/annoyed with the world attitude - no seriously, they have it down. i'm not even mad about it, i'm kind of impressed with their dedication.
4	I love to hate this place. And I hate to love it. It really boils down to that. But, allow me to ramble on. I've only been into this store a handful of times - not even enough to hold 10 fingers up. At first, I thought the vibe was cool, but then I realized that the clothing caters to a very young, modern crowd. That's fine, if you're into baby doll cardigans and skinny jeans. Initially I thought there was nothing I'd see (besides books and the oddities) that I'd want to buy. I stand corrected. My last visit I found that they offer simpler choices in t-shirts for people like me. Sure, there are still your trendy cuts and styles for those who can't live without imitating Paris Hilton or Jenny Lewis, but there are also plain colors and styles that you can mix-n-match to complement your own personal tastes. I like that about this place. I like that you can find 2 tees for $24 and 2 tanks for $20. Ain't bad. I haven't dared to try on any pants or jeans... or shoes, for that matter. I figure I better stick with what I know - shirts. The last thing I need is to try and slip into their jeans and find that my birthin' hips aren't all the rage. I'd like to think there's more to this world than stick figures and skinny fat chicks. Oh, no offense to those with boyish figures. I just know that when I walk into Urban, the chances of me finding anything that a) I like and b) that fits is, oh, 23%. That's not to say I'm complaining. I accept that Urban caters to a younger crowd. That doesn't mean I can't mosey around once in a while hoping to be proven wrong.On the other hand, I bet my Shirley Manson collection that my 14 year old sis would go wild in Urban. I wouldn't want to be the one fitting that bill.(Sidebar: I own not a Shirley Manson collection, but that doesn't mean you can't try and dress like her - just go to Urban!)
4	Yes it's the only place I shop (mostly) so this is totally biased. Basically the cool factor of this place is a wide variety of brands and styles. Yes it can be teen angst, or college oriented, but I'm older an still find cool things here. For guys that is, the women's line is much younger and geared towards twiggys. So if I were a girl (for one, I would never leave my house, since I would have self contained entertainment) I would rate this probably a 2. the prices are high for the most part, but the store is consistently cool.  Service sucks, but what do you expect, this place is emo, and angst driven, its the MO.  I would say if they ever go out of business I may have to wear a potato sack, since I really only shop here for clothing. What can I say when I like something I stick with it!
4	This is a great Urban Outfitters because the people are not jerks or snobs. I know because I use to work here. I tried to Berkeley store but it was NOTHING compared to one in Tempe. There are two floors, great sales, and the coolest people. Their basics are comfy as heck. It's been years and I still wear my Sparkle tanktops and Havaianas flip flops.The only bad thing about the store are the drunk college people coming in at 9PM.
4	This location is soooo much better than the Scottsdale location. Not just because I find it easier to navigate (I am directionally challenged, especially in confined spaces. :( Go ahead and laugh...), but because the sales racks are much, much bigger. Usually they're totally insane with piles of clothes and things clinging to multiple hangers, but it's cheap and it's fun hunting through everything.
3	This location is comparable to the largest Urban Outfitters locations I've been to. See my other UO review for the Scottsdale location for most of the details, but this location adds a small home furnishings area which is nice for college kids. The staff and most of the customers look very 'scene' these days - boys have long hair in the face and are skinny and the girls look like they got dragged out of a lake - I guess filthy looking messy long hair is the new look for scene girls. I'm getting too old apparently. As Jack said, this location has a much better sales rack section than Scottsdale does... if you're a bargain hunter, this is the store to shop at. Although, the Scottsdale location seems to carry some items that this store doesn't and I find the Scottsdale location easier to shop.
2	Oh Urban, how I used to love you. I don't know if it was the discovery of Forever 21, or that magnificent Nordy's card, but Urban has lost much of it's appeal. This location in particular is overly crowded with boring, over-priced clothes, and enough platinumblondei'mtryingsohardtobeindie ASU students to make me want to gag myself with a spoon.
4	I'm going to hop on the bandwagon and say that this UO's sale rack is awesome.  You'd think, a major company based out of PA would kinda fall into the "pay full price or GTFO" category, but that's not the case.Every once in a while, they clean out their sale area with a "50% of all sale items" sale.  I haven't been able to catch this in a while, but I was able to get a Diesel wallet for 8 bucks once.
4	Ah, another high school pit stop. This place is great for random gifts, humorous books and furnishings. Keep an eye out for their clearance items, great discounts.
4	The secret to some good shopping at UO is to make a trip to a store (like the big one on Mill Ave.), try on the clothes, check the size that fits you, examine the material, colour and the accessories, come back home and order over the internet. All too often there is a substantial difference between the marked price of their store merchandise and the list price on their website. And this was mentioned by their own staff. There are just too many things in the store that you'd like to own so it is good to know the best way of going about the purchase.
4	The location is kept clean, there are loads of sale racks, and the employees are friendly and will start a room for you once you start to amount masses of clothing. I usually don't find things in here that fit me because I have a broad torso and I feel like a lot of their clothes run small. Today, however, I walked out with a cute tank top that I found on the sale rack and a dress and my friend got two pairs of shoes for $30. I can definitely see myself returning to shop here!
4	If I was a rich daddy's girl with daddy's black credit card and little/no real creativeism then I would be in heaven at this place. I adore EVERYTHING in this store, they have cornered the best buyers in corporate america. They have such cute household items, canvas photos, quirky books, accessories, and clothing. The big downside is everything is beyond marked up. Goodness, $65 dollars for a plain faded purple flowy shirt? Again, if I had a a rich daddy's black credit card, I'd hoard everything in this store because despite it being run by "corporate America", they know what's going on. Many of the items you may find in regular thift shops for under $7 dollars. Because of the fact that I work for my own money, I cannot give this place 5 stars because I will walk in with $200.00 and come out with three plain items :( Also, I will probably see those three items repeatedly worn by underage wannabe indie kids hanging at the corner smoking their mother's cigarettes trying a bit to hard to be "cool". Then I will toss whatever item we had in common and be haunted by the awful memory..
3	I'm a pretty big fan of Urban Outfitters, mostly because you never expect to find just about anything in there, but you always can, as long as you are willing to pay for it. I've found household items, cute chandeliers, and usually always get key covers there.. this past time it was unikeys :)I sometimes cry a bit that the clothing is a little more mainstream than the other items, but I typically find a few basic pieces I should grab. One awesome upside is the bags are durable and the straps long enough you can put the bag over your shoulder like a tote.. and the inside is bright pink.Downfall is shoes are way too expensive there... I hate paying so much for things that just walk on the ground. Gross.Not enough good deals or original clothing to go back frequently but I do love to window shop there and occasionally come out with a gem.
4	I love the Mill Ave location more than the Scottsdale one. When I'm bored I like going to this store, and even though I'm not looking for anything I usually leave with something. Everyone says this store is over priced, but they make up for it with their sales rack. They always also seem to have the latest styles. People who work here are also very nice, I don't think I've ever spent more than 10 mins in the store without a worker asking if I need help.
3	i would've given this review a def. 2**based upon their bloated pricesand throw away garmentsif not soley for the cute girls that work here, most of whom are super friendly.1* for their revolving sale rack1* for their huge ass selection1* for the cute hipster girls who work here(IMPO however, if you're going to pay that much for clothes made by tiny children in sweat shops, why not just cross the street and buy some good quality clothes made by american workers paid at an honest wage fr AA? worth considering)
3	Love UO for:Retro itemsClothesFurnitureCool booksLocations
3	Their random nick knacks are super fun and one of a kind but their clothes is very...hippie? I think i saw some shoes/slippers made out of palm tree leafs for 80$. Nottoo sure who these would be good for but not me.
3	I don't know what all the rave is about UO but this place sells clothes that look like they came straight off the "street performers" that plague mill. I don't get why you would want to pay money for new clothes that look old. Is it just me? However ugly the clothes are they do have a nice little collection of books and other neat knick nacks. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. I just wouldn't do my clothes shopping there but it was nice to check out at least.
3	I always go straight for the sale rack, (when they do % off clearance pricing this is when you can get killer deals!) in fact I don't think I have EVER purchased something full price from an Urban Outfitters. I have been shopping UO since I lived in Vermont back in junior high school in the 90s. They are getting the rap of "wanna be a hipster, here's your uniform", which is sort of unfair because much of their stuff is very basic, just with an edge. If you are looking for some over the top jacket or Latin style poncho vest, try Goodwill before shelling out $200 for something that looks like a hobo would wear.
4	I usually try to check this UO when I am in town because I find they have a better selection and better kept store than most. The other day I went in and ended up trying on a few different pairs of high waisted shorts, which I always find to be pretty unflattering on me but nonetheless I would like to find ONE pair that looks ok. So immediately the girl in the fitting room tells me my picks will not fit me right, which I am grateful for actually. Because then she spent the next 20 minutes running bak and forth trying to find me the perfect fit or color or whatever it is I wanted. She was so nice and helpful and I ended up leaving with 4 pairs of shorts (not all high waisted). I think her name was Kalyn? Well she rocked because she basically knew every piece of merchandise in that store, what colors it came in and what body types it fit. And she was quick ! You can't ask for more in retail. This girl should be managing this place.
4	This store always makes me smile. It is a great place for a unique gift or something fun to treat yourself. They have everything from quirky books, drinking tools, fun nail polish, and on and on. If you get the chance definitely stop in and explore. You won't be disappointed! They also have great bags they put your purchase in that you can use again and again for other things. And the staff is always super friendly.
5	The young man who was working the register on the morning of December 20 is awesome!  I explained to him that I had purchased a gift card for a family friend and then that person's wallet was stolen.  This employee (I wish I had caught his name - he was tall and had dark hair and wore a beanie) was immediately on top of the situation.  He was friendly, efficient, and professional.  He was able to get the card replaced, which was the best possible outcome.  I walked away with a smile on my face, feeling very glad I had chosen a gift card from Urban Outfitters instead of any other store.
