3	This is a typical Krispy Kreme Donut store. It's in the same plaza as Home Depot, and is easily accessed from Craig Road. I've stopped here often in the last four years. With the decline in donut demand evidenced by the closure of several Krispy Kreme and Dunking Donuts here,  they seem a lot less busy than years past and is looking a little shopworn.  They're like the long lost cousin that got a job in town, became a temporary house guest, then lost his job.  You're glad he's still here but just not as fun anymore. A few years back, you'd have lots of families stopping in on weekend mornings with kids thrilled to see donuts being made.  Their glass walls let kids put their faces near the conveyor where donuts pass.  Then when they'd make hot donuts, the red "HOT donuts" sign would light up, and people would abandon Craig Road and stop  inside.  Then, they'd give everyone walking in a warm super soft donut.  They stopped giving away donuts, and people don't spontaneously stop in anymore. Everything else is pretty much the same.  They still have free wi-fi, definitely a plus. They still have fundraising opportunities and wholesale sales. I usually get their special, like two donuts and coffee.  I generally think their regular glazed donuts are their best, most consistent item, but they have some featured donuts that are hit and miss. Service is generally decent, and they sometimes have a few different types of coffee - Light, medium, or dark as well as decaf.   Drive through is farily quick. With a regular glazed donut still only 150 calories, it's a cool sweet snack.
3	Your typical sugar rush. When we made our visit to this KKD the doughnuts were coming of the assembly line. Mmmm fresh treats for the entire family. We enjoy those free samples. We ordered the half dozen because I didn't want my kids bouncing off the walls in the mini van. Nice staff but prices are sure expensive. What do you expect in northern Sin City.
4	Krispy Kreme Donuts!!!!  My kids fell in love with Krispy Kreme donuts when we were back in California since it was first introduced.  My kids' favorite is the glazed donuts.  Mine is the sour cream donuts.... I know, it's VERY sweet, but with my sweet teeth, what can I say.  This place is close to home and the service is decent.  The reason why I took a star off is somehow I feel the donuts size shrinked over the years.  It's pricy for a donut that only takes a few bites to finish.  Other than that, we love Krispy Kreme!
3	The question that's been asked millions of times .... Why are things that are so bad for you, so damned good?!?!The weekend before, I stopped in for some unhealthy goodness at a location in Southern California. They were out of the chocolate filled and I guess I was still craving it because on my trip to Las Vegas this past weekend, I stopped in for one. By the way, only one - thus the pic of only one. I don't care for this location. Anyway, the service here is nothing like what I experienced in South Orange County, CA. Abrupt and pretty much all business like - if the business didn't include customers that is. The parking is somewhat shared in a pretty busy shopping center - 99 Cents Store, Home Depot and Walgreens. Other places too but I don't remember. It's on the corner of Craig and MLK facing Craig. I did care for the doughnut though. It was so damned good. The only way it could be better was if it came right off the assembly line. Have one, or a dozen - just don't mind the customer service, or lack thereof. Or the Las Vegas, desert heat for that matter.
4	I really liked this place, my son requested donuts and at the ripe age of 3.75, I figured now is a wonderful time to introduce my little man to them. I got him a kids pack, he LOVED IT, he inhaled his donut, was fascinated by watching them be made and really enjoyed the car ride there! I liked it, it was clean,friendly staff and yummy samples.I wish they weird guy trying to sell my little boy a toy would have gone away faster, freak.
5	These are addictive, and best donuts you can get fresh. Try a 6 pack and put em on the seat next to you for the drive home. They won't make it.
4	I remember when Krispy Kreme Doughnuts opened on the west coast.  I remember these doughnut shops were found in almost every city.  One thing about a Krispy Kreme, the quality and taste is consistent.  First from the inside, you get to witness how a Krispy Kreme donut is actually made.  It's actually pretty cool to watch the process. Because of the assembly line process, it's no wonder why their donuts are always consistent.  Service here has always been great.  When it comes to their donuts, the glazed is what they are known for.  TIP:  Whether you're going ordering inside or drive thru, request for their fresh batch. Nothing beats a fresh hot glazed Krispy Kreme Doughnut.
4	Call me weird, but I don't recall ever seen a place where you can experience the art of making doughnuts! They have glass windows around the store where you can see the machine mixing the dough, forming small circles, frying them and then..... the best part!!!  getting showered with icing. Oh.. This was just awesome... I'm sure your kids will enjoy it as much as I did .. you are right, you can call me weird...  wait, but this is not all, one of the coolest part is that you get a free sample doughnut!
3	KKD has always been a nice place to take the entire family for fun and most of all doughnuts. I like this location because you can see them making doughnuts but when I was in store no one had on gloves at all. Now everyone was friendly and all but I would like to see them use gloves or at least wash their hands. Everything was just ok even the doughnuts themselves. So I give it 3 stars and next time I wont buy anything unless gloves are on. Truth is I didn't buy this time the husband did.
1	Crappy service.
4	There's nothing like a fresh, hot Krispy Kreme doughnut.  Except, however, when you're going to use them to make bread pudding.  Then they go from the exceptional to the sublime.
4	Dam Hot Now Light!  I swear there is a Krispy Kreme low jack device in my truck!!  Everytime that light is glowing there goes my truck!  I fight it but no use.  Customer Service is hit or miss.  Mostly a hit.
3	K Kreme really has a nice layout. You get to bring your kids and show them how doughnuts are made. Little ones get to savor the taste of a hot, sweet treat!!! I mean, I also have to say that this location has some of the sweetest, nicest staff around. You'd have to come see for yourself to know what I mean! As for taste, I'm not a big fan of KK. It's sooooo sweet. I'm not too sure it really goes with coffee. Tea, maybe, but not coffee! One single bite is a sugar high and I really have to down a lot of water because its just overly sweet. So taste is so-so. I'd pass on KK because there are better doughnuts nearby, trust me. Especially if you loooooveeee coffee!!!!! So if your teeth are made for chomping on sugar, go for it! But these doughnuts are so sweet, I can only handle original with a bottle of water!
5	The cashier I think she was wearing a green shirt was super happy and full of smiles this morning at around 7:30 this morning. The other lady didn't look so happy but was nice  and helpful when I asked for my dozen.
1	I live REALLY REALLY close to this Krispy Kreme and up until now I had only ever used the drive thru. Today (Fathers Day) I wanted to go grab a dozen glazed and a dozen mixed for my AMAZING neighbor.  I decided to go inside so I could see the different selections of doughnuts. In retrospect I should of just stuck to what had been working because there was only one car in the drive thru when I parked.  Dun..Dun..Dun.. Upon entering the location I got into line but the customer in front of me was being helped by a male employee.  Now please keep in mind it was a holiday so I was expecting to wait. Honestly I would of been HAPPY to wait. My problem was more the fact that after the employee was done helping the man in front of me he literally walked away after making eye contact with me but not even acknowledging my existence. Maybe I worked in the service industry too long but in my view you are supposed to say "Hi! someone will be with you as soon as possible". Anyhow by the time (atleast 5minutes) someone did finally help me it was a female. I asked about the "hot" glazed because I just wanted to get out of there. She stated they are going to be WARM. Now the HOT sign was on but I said go ahead and give me those. Well guess what? they didn't seal the box with my doughnuts so when I was leaving it FLEW OPEN and in a pursuit to not DROP them all over I smashed some of them. Needless to say the love affair with their addictive doughnuts will CEASE to exist in my world now. I just cant excuse tons of CALORIES a long with a Mood killer!!!
5	So good!! never disappoints. especially when they are freshly made love the free samples!!
3	Love their donuts but the customer service seems to be lacking. I rarely feel welcome in this place and feel as if I am interrupting them in some way by making a purchase.
