4	What an adorable coffee shop!  What used to be a gas station, then something else, then something else, then Java Jitters, then a different coffee shop, then nothing has been turned into a cute, quirky (for Mount Holly) little oasis.  What's great about it is that the coffee and espresso drinks are fresh, and quality, and they make all of their baked goods from scratch (at their other location, which is a cupcake/dessert shop in Lowell).  Friendly staff, great atmosphere, and great marketing (check out their Facebook page for frequent updates on what they are serving) make this a must-stop if you're in the area.  Love it, and I really hope they succeed there!
5	I love Splat! cakes n such so whenever they opened up a coffee shop I was super excited! I travel here for all of my business meetings and always make a pit stop on the way home for my coffee fix!! Every day is something different and the combinations are endless! This is a must stop!! :)
5	Love this little gem in Mt. Holly.  In addition to coffee they have homemade cupcakes, cheesecake, bagels, and assorted treats, which is so very rare in a coffee shop. Everything is made in their sister store, Splat Cakes and Such, and then brought over. So fresh, so great. Thy have their own specialized blend of coffee, and the staff is always so nice and helpful. I think my favorite part is their great use of social media - they'll always post their cupcake flavors of the day and new stuff happening so that you can stay informed. Top notch coffee if you ask me, and now that I live close, I'll definitely be a regular!
5	The cupcakes at Splat are amazing! The variety of cupcakes available and the unique flavor combinations make every visit a treat. Every time I think I have found my favorite cupcake, I try another one and am always blown away! The staff is super friendly and it has a cozy, comfortable vibe for a small establishment. In fact, the only problem is that it is far too close to my house!!
5	Cannot say enough good things about Splat's! They are just as good as it gets! Love every thing that I have ever gotten from them and the atmosphere and customer service is outstanding!
