4	I am impressed.  I had a Groupon for a spa manicure, spa pedicure, and reflexology massage.When I first walked in (10 minutes early) Natalie told me that I would have to wait until my appointment time, which was at 6. I ended up waiting for an extra 15 minutes, but she continued to apologize from the chair where she was sitting and finishing up a client who came in late for her appt.  I was not overly happy about this, but Natalie realized that it was an issue.So, I finally take a seat to begin my pedicure and am relaxing with my feet in the water.  I have too great of a life to get upset over small things like waiting, yes I was annoyed, but not upset, I have been working on myself.As soon as she comes over to begin my pedicure she says, "Once again I apologize and we will give you an extra massage and a paraffin way treatment on my feet and hands because of your wait.  She did not have to do that! I was overly excited for her suggestions.  So, while she did my pedicure, her colleague gave me the hand paraffin treatment.  She then applied it to my feet.  I was in bliss, what a great way to end my busy work day.  They pampered me and massaged me and made sure that I left with beautiful feet and hands.I will be back, probably once a month for a pamper session.  Oh and their salon does not smell like chemicals like most nail shops, and that impressed me as well.  They also do reflexology and deep tissue massages in house as well (they have chairs and beds to lay down on).  They are a one stop shop to be pampered and healed.
1	Hello there my fellow Arizonians!Time for a riviting and HONEST review on LO ANN NAILS in Tempe.Lets start with how I found them..... Although I rarely use Groupon (cause you never know what the heck you are gonna get!) I promised my husband a mani/pedi to melt away the stress and have a relaxing experience, so when I saw the deal of $49.99 for 2 spa mani/pedi reflexology,parafin,hot rock treatment I decided to give it a shot.We were pleasantly greeted upon arrival and guided to our spa chairs to begin our relaxing treatments.  The salon is colorful which I liked.The water was warm, definately not hot but I guess that is a matter of preference.  I really could have asked them to empty it and make it hotter but I went with the program. I  had a male asian man doing my treatments and although I have never had a good mani/pedi from a man.... I again went along with the program.I had the one guy doing my pedi/mani while they had a different guy do the hand and foot massages...... I found this very odd as it gets crowded have different people doing their "thing" in such a small space.They put the latex gloves and hot hand mitts on, which I must say was the BEST experience I encountered.  To me, it was freezing in the salon and I welcomed the heated hands.The guy who did the "reflexology" massages was in one word AWEFUL!It was apparent this man had absolutely NO training in reflexology or massage.  He had no idea where the pressure points were ...but again, I went along with the program.I have had MANY reflexology treatments and this was NOT reflexology but simply a bad attempt at a massage.You can see where this experience is going so really no point in continuing to describe a TOTAL WASTE of money!I will mention the nail color on my fingers was bubbled at the tips and looked ridiculous and as soon as I got out of the shop I wiped the polish off.All the tips of my nails were not smoothef out and caused ridges so I had to give myself a "redo" manicure when I got home.Before I bought the groupon I checked reviews on this salon and they were terrific which leads me to believe one of two things:A- The people who reviewed this salon had never experienced a REAL mani/pedi.... and if thats the case you really should try a real salon  at least once so you know the differenceorB- The reviews were from friends and family of the owners or employees.With this being said....will we refer them to others?  NOT IN  A MILLION YEARS!Will be be back?  ....  LOL   do I really need to answer that?But, as they say....You get what you pay for and next time I will practice what I preach!So for now remember.....Enjoy each day as though it were your last.....:)
1	My experience was just as bad. The young lady that did my manicure was also taking care of the front desk. Which might be the reason my manicure took about an hour and forty five minutes to complete. A manicure that only involved painting my nails.  No hand message at all.  She filed my nails and left all the residue on the inside of the nails. Apparently my nails weren't filed correctly either, because my hair got caught on my nail. Were I think she gave herself away was were she told me she hated Groupons, which by the way was what I had. Probably the worse part about this experience is that it was a birthday gift from my daughter. I rarely have manicures and my daughter wanted to pamper me. My daughter feels terrible because this was meant as a surprise.
5	Absolutely loved this salon. The prices are great and they spend a lot of quality time on you. The paraffin wax is the best - I have never been to a salon that does this AND I have been to a lot of salons. The staff was also very nice and friendly. I will definitely make this my regular salon.
2	The massage was nice, but the mani/pedi wasn't so great. I have a few nicks on my fingers because my cuticles and the skin around my nails weren't softened enough beforehand, and they scraped the side of my foot with the little tool they use to scrub the bottom of your feet. Neither of these is a huge deal, but it makes me nervous getting scraped up during a mani/pedi since I have heard stories of infections from nail salons. (Not form this place specifically, just in general.) Hopefully your experience is a little nicer! I probably won't be back.
1	I would never come here again for my nails. For reflexology, I'd consider it. My nails were cut too short, I wasn't asked how I like them filed, and when I tried to communicate it seemed futile. My nails on one hand were cut to the skin level, and the other hand were left longer.  The polish was glopped on sloppily, and peeled off later that night. I've been to many nail salons and spas to get manicures and pedicures, and this is by far the worst. I'm glad I had a Groupon and wasn't paying full price. On the positive side, the hot stone and reflexology massage was divine. But as it goes for nails, I'd never return. I also posted an image of my manicure to show its sloppiness.
1	I felt so conflicted about this place even half way through my appointment. At first, it seemed great. My friends and i came with a groupon for a mani/pedi. We had two people for each of us but had a few issues. One friend had to repeatedly ask for more glitter coats because they put the bare minimum on her hands and feet. She also forgot a nail entirely until she was reminded. Whenever we asked for something, they would increasingly become more rude and roll their eyes. My lady wasn't very meticulous either. She threw on the clear top coat without much care to cover the whole nail. when my pedi was done, I saw that the underside of multiples toes had nail polish on them. The women were all bluntly rude. The men were kind and smiled a lot but also didn't speak much English at all. I wish I'd just gone to my usual place. Groupon or no groupon.
2	Similar problems as other reviewers, had a groupon for mani/pedi with hot stone and paraffin wax. I really hate when businesses treat you differently because you have a groupon. Me and my mother went in and both were bossed around about being late and not picking out colors quickly enough. When I sat down my water was so hot I couldn't put my feet in right away ( I like hot water, but it's winter I can't just plunge in) my tech comes over and pushes both my feet in! Guess I'm in. She starts on the pedicure and cut me a few times removing my cuticles. While she's doing that a gentleman comes over and slips the paraffin wax on my hands. The paraffin wax and hand massage felt good. My tech asks if I need callus remover, which at every other salon is $5, they charge $7 and didn't even do the entire bottom of my foot. When it comes time for my foot paraffin wax they slip the bag on my foot and I screamed because it was so hot. I tell her I'm in pain and she starts massaging the liquid around my foot so now my entire foot is burned! I should have called it quits then but my mom next to me wasn't complaining and I wanted her to enjoy. The hot towels were scorching and the stone massage lasted maybe 5 min. My manicure was also very clumpy and cloudy and started peeling off the next morning. Looked like all their polish was really old. I won't be returning. My plea to owners if you don't like people using groupon stop using groupon.
1	I had a TERRIBLE experience here. I had a mani-pedi done with a friend and everything seemed to be going fine. Once our mani-pedis were complete, the woman who did our nails asked for a tip. We both gave her a 15% tip but she said that was not enough, as we needed to tip her and the man who  massaged our hands. Fair enough. My nails were under a dryer and my purse was on the bench next to me. The woman literally REACHED INTO MY PURSE and pulled out my wallet. I asked her what in the world she was doing and she said she was just being considerate of my drying nails. I took the wallet back and opened it to get a tip out for the man. She then LOOKED INSIDE MY WALLET and pointed to the $20 bill. I said "No, I am using a Groupon today and that would be about a 70% tip if I gave you that." I gave her a $5 bill to give to the man and she kept badgering me and my friend saying "I want the $20. The $20 will be a good tip." I gave her the $5 and she refused to take it saying it would not be enough. She continued this for 5 more minutes. I then asked for the manager because this woman was clearly ruining the fun day my friend and I just had. The manager gave us $10 vouchers for the "next time" we came to Lo Ann, but we both agreed these coupons were pointless since we would NEVER come back. A truly awful experience. Also, my nails chipped the next day.
1	Terrible!!!! Got a groupon for this place and I'm glad I didn't have to pay full price. The pedicure was mediocre- nothing to write home about. The manicure was the worst I've ever had. The tech made me bleed twice and did a sloppy paint job. When I asked her to repaint some of my nails she painted them the wrong color and argued with me when I told her that wasn't the color she had used originally. I went home and redid my own nails. DO NOT GO HERE AND WASTE YOUR MONEY!
5	Pros: This is the third time I have been here since they've been open. After two so-so visits, I only came back because of the Groupon. I'm so glad I did. Best nail experience I have had in Phoenix. They do a great job trimming the cuticles and smoothing out calluses. They have never cut me and I have been cut at places all over town. The massage guy has improved! This time, instead of being painful, I actually enjoyed it. The massage guy has always been friendly and I think they must read these Yelp reviews because the female technicians are definitely trying to be nicer. Decent prices, plenty of parking, and by walk-in or appointment. I will definitely be back again.Cons: Results really depend on which technician you get. I started coming here last year with my friend. The first time I went, I found the manicure mediocre but more affordable than other places in the valley. The next time I went, the polish was applied very haphazardly.  Decorated weirdly, website not easy to navigate, and the manager has a very loud voice.
5	I had a really good experience here.  I went in on a Saturday with 2 of my friends and we got pedicures.  The service was as expected and we'd happily go back.
4	East Mesa Location- I went in yesterday for a reflexology pedicure, they were accommodating at getting me in last minute, I picked my color, sat down and relaxed with my starbucks! :) The pedicure was long and relaxing (don't try this place if you are in a hurry) I personally enjoy a long pedicure especially because not many do them anymore! While my feet were soaking I got a long nice neck and shoulder massage which was AMAZING!!!!!!! the leg and foot massage was also long and relaxing, although I did not receive "reflexology" it still was relaxing and felt good! I would come back and bring friends! :)
5	They did a great job and were very friendly.  What else is there to say. So whatever yelp.  My review isn't too short!
5	They give you an amazing shoulder massage with your pedicure. I've been coming to this place for a long time and won't go anywhere else
5	I'm surprised by the poor reviews on here. I have been coming here for about 18 mo and initially as it was the closest one to my house. I never went anywhere else after. They are the only nail salon that gets rid of my calluses all the way. They also give an amazing 15 min head neck and shoulder reflexology massage with every pedicure. And their prices are inline with other salons in the area. I also have one friend who comes from Peoria and another from North Scottsdale to come here with me - it's that good. If you want a local, convenient place to drop in and get a pedi, this place is fantastic. I don't bother with anywhere else anymore. Thanks Lo Ann!
