5	I avoided Penn Station for the longest time based solely on the premise that CU did not need another sandwich chain. Let me just say, that was a BIG mistake. I've drop kicked Subway out of my rotation and replaced it with Penn Station. Granted, I've never gotten beyond the Italian (so many yummy flavors!), you just can't beet the uniqueness of PS. And, the fresh french fries and lemon aid are terrific. The staff at this location are always friendly, too. Give 'em a try!
3	Had my first visit to Penn Station.  I'm always skeptical when places like this advertise "East Coast" anything, be it subs, pizza, whatever, as I am Brooklyn born and raised.  Their resemblence to any East Coast fare is usually pure hype.  I ordered the Italian sausage with onions and peppers and a small fries.  The sub was quite good.  Very tasty.  The fries were fresh and above fast food standards.  Offering little packets of malt vinegar for the fries was a nice touch.  Service was relatively quick and friendly.  I give it three stars rather than four because four stars says that I'm a fan.  Much as I enjoyed my first experience there, I'm not a fan, just a satisfied customer.  East Coast?  Well, the sub I had, though good,  was certainly not up to the standards of a Sausage HERO in Little Italy.
4	I love Penn Station, the food is always hot and the fresh cut fries and fresh squeezed lemonade are amazing. If it's your first time eat in, I find the fries don't retain heat very well and are usually cold after getting home and you're going to want more lemonade. I far prefer this far over Subway or Potbellies if I'm going for a hot sandwich.
5	How did I never go to Penn Station during my 4 years in Champaign? Stopped in over the weekend for lunch while back in town and I really missed out! Their subs are awesome- unique and not like other chains. They are toasty but not dry, and their fries are delicious and salty. The college student employees were very friendly on a day when they probably would have rather been at the football game than working. Now I need to find a Penn Station near Chicago!
3	First time going here and all in all not a bad sandwich.  I ordered the club without honey mustard.  Total 4.91 and a short wait.  The sandwich itself was very tasty and I liked the bread.  The tomato's had a good flavor too.  I would like to try a few more of the sandwiches they offer and the lemonade.
4	Toasted sandwiches are the way to go. Such it Subway. The Philly cheese steak and chicken Teriyaki were my favorites. The fries were pretty good.
2	What's up with the grease-soaked sandwiches here? I came in here on a moderately busy Sunday night and ordered a, 8" parmesean chicken sandwich, expecting it to be any regular sandwich that I buy a campustown eatery, but, my goodness, this was probably the most awful sub I have ever eaten. After mind-numbingly slow service (from payment to sandwich was 15 minutes), a visually appetizing sub came out, with chicken, mushrooms, onions, topped with a layer of melted cheese. As I grab the sandwich, the middle just starts dripping everywhere, and by the third bite, the bottom just falls apart. The rest of the meal was just a struggle to get the greasy concoction back between the slices of bread. I guess the food tasted alright, but it just takes away from the experience when you have a mess of food dribbling all over your hands. I come here to get a sandwich for a reason because it's easy and quick to eat. The fries, too, were just terrible. I don't think I even tasted any potato inside of the fried exterior. They were hard, bland, and unappealing! Perhaps this was just an off-day for them. I've had better at other Penn Station locations.
1	Came here for a cheesesteak, the mix of spicy mustard & mayo ruins the taste. In fact, the entire sandwich was terrible. What I'm trying to say is, don't settle for this place. Wendy's is across the street and Fat Sandwich, one block south. Ur welcome!
3	These guys always toast their subs so that they're always nice and warm. They do sell a small selection of cold subs as well. The subs definitely taste great, but they don't taste so good at all when you store it in your fridge for later use (I tend to do this when I buy 12" subs). Their 12" subs cost $9-$10 making it hard for theme to compete with a place like Subway.
