5	Had to say the purchase was easy and no pressure sales made us buy from this location. We will definitly will be back when its time to replace this mattress.
5	We came to Mattress Firm on Sunday since my wife saw it on the way home one day. We came in to browse there selection in hopes of seeing something we like. Little did we know that we would end up buying the best bed we have ever slept in but encounter one of the best service we experienced. This location closed at 6:00pm on Sunday and we went in at roughly 5:00pm to browse. Immediately we were greeted by Sam who immediately asked how he may help us. He immediately asked us what brings us in then asked what type of sleepers we are. He then proceeded to ask what is our bed comfort level. I asked to see his foam type of mattresses. I immediately knew I wanted to look at the Tempurpedic brand as we both have slight body aches and pain from time to time. I asked Sam if he could recommend a mattress that could suit our preference. He immediately took us over to see the Tempurpedic mattress. He didn't waste our time showing us something we didn't like.  Sam asked if we had any body pains and even gave us a breif history lesson about the brand that we didnt know. He is extremely friendly and did not pressure us. He asked us if we are naturally hot or cold and if we like soft, medium, or firm types.  We both like the more medium to firm mattress. Sam brought us over to the Tempurpedic Mattresses to try. He first placed us on the breeze series as he knows we are more of the warmer type. Then asked us how we liked it then asked us to try the new 2014 model. Then Sam asked us again how we liked it. He asked if we like the support, how did it feel, and then he continued to explain the differences. The then asked us to try the firmest of the line and he advised us that even if we liked that one he wouldnt recommend it because most sleepers wouldnt last long on this type.  I agree it was extremely firm and definitely not for us.He then continued to ask which one of the two we liked the best. He was extremely patient with us and i must say i tried both beds a few times to see how it felt. He even gave us an example of how the technology works. He placed a light bulb on the surface and covered it with a pillow. Then asked me to jump a few times on it. Im a big guy and jumped on it and the bulb was still in tact. I asked Sam since he is a larger gentleman what bed does he have. Sam told us that he suffered back pains from a previous car accident and has the Allura which is near the top tier they carried. He asked us to give this one a try as it may also suit our needs but is slightly on the higher price level. Immediately i noticed the difference in support, comfort, and definitely the Price!!! Haha Sam put it to us like this, basically this is last bed you will ever buy. There is no replacement for these. He even asked us to try the Serta brand which is another style of foam mattress which immediately saw the difference and didn't like it. Sam then asked us what our price range is and then calculated the price for us. They are doing a special promotion to finance 5 years, 0% interest. After calculating the price he then demo the options we can have with the mattress. The frame with the head and foot adjustability which he explained the purpose and the benefits. There is even a vibrating function!! LOLSam was even more patient with us as he stayed more than 2 hours after they closed to continue to help us. After we decided to purchase the Tempurpedic Allura with the head and foot option frame he broke it down for us. He was patient and went through all the extended warranty and protective cover. As he explains, a bed is one of the most important investments we should all invest in. He even mentioned that we spend more time in a bed than in a car or couch. It's our health and we should invest in a comfortable, reliable, and durable bed. Sam was able to schedule our delivery the next day and it was even delivered early. Everything arrived and in perfect condition. Over all our experience with Mattress Firm has been 10 stars! We owe it to Sam for being extremely patient, kind, friendly, and honest. He even joked around with us and told us im not here to sell you bed im here to help you choose the best option that suits your needs and budget. You can always say no and thats okay. I'm here to help you sleep better and improve your health. If anyone needs a mattress or needs a recommendation on a new bed go here and see Sam! You will not be disappointed! He takes the time to ensure you are investing your hard earned money into a quality product and no pressure to purchase. I've been in the service industry for 9 years now. Sam delivered 10 star service if you could rate that high!!Sam if you are reading this, THANK YOU for being great, understanding, and above all a caring person to go through every step of the way. We feel like we made a new friend and definitely will recommend anyone of our friends and family to see you for a better sleeping experience!!!Highly recommend and you will not be disappointed!
