5	Pros: Great and various food, attentive service, interesting decorCons: Not much except that you're in Pittsburgh not where I live now!!!Tell me if I can find a place like this in the SF Bay Area.  I miss you, Zenith Tea Room!I have only come here for the Sunday brunch which starts at 11 am.  This is one of the hidden treasures of Pittsburgh.  The entire brunch is vegan and also dangerously unhealthy (read: tons of sugary treats).  The buffet is flat-rate which includes the buffet, a choice of tea/drink and main dish (such as vegan french toast, if that's possible -- it's so awesome).FOR TEN DOLLARS!They use mismatched antiquey dishware and silverware.  And even the chairs don't match!  So in some way, it's like dining in an attic, but everything is tastefully selected.  Of course, this place being in the Southside means it's mostly hipsters that come this way.  But an incredible gem this is.  It's easy to get a table for less than 4...but huge parties, expect to wait.I really need to come back here just for tea there.  They have an incredible tea list.  I personally love the darjeeling, but that's the staple for me.
5	Zenith is seriously one of the best places that I have ever been. On Sundays there is an all you can eat vegetarian buffet. There is hummus, macaroni salad, tabbouleh, and about five different dessert items to choose from. I think that all the desserts are vegan too. That would be enough for $10, but no, you get to choose a hot entree and a tea. I got blueberry pancakes that were to die for. It's such a great concept. Also progressive is their seating policy. If you have 3 people in your party and another party has two in their party and a table for five happens to open up, you may be sat with another group. It was a wee bit awkward at first but we started talking and made food friends. I seriously loved this place and I'm so glad that Natalia took me there.Since there is generally a long wait, the fact that the waiting area doubles as an amazing thrift store makes it an easy wait. The awkward part is carrying all the stuff you want to buy into the dining area and then finding a safe place for it until you pay. Few things have prices on them but it's not an arm and a leg for most things. I wound up with some Japanese owl coffee cups from the 70's and some vintage wild floral printed fabric.
5	I love Zenith! I haven't been down in an age, but when I think of my favorite spots in the city, this is definitely one of them. I took my parents here for their buffet brunch when I'd had it with the shortlist of available options in Pittsburgh (either a chain or WAY expensive) and even they enjoyed it.There is never a long list of options for hot entree but guaranteed you'll still have a tough time deciding. The decor is unlike anything else in PGH - fronted by a rummage friendly antique store.  You almost feel like you're walking into a surprisingly cozy back stockroom to eat with the owners. I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian, but Zenith usually makes me feel like I easily could become one and not miss too much!
5	Okay, maybe I should have known better than to go to this super-vegan friendly place for brunch with my vegan friends.  But I would LOVE to think that I could be vegan...  If only I wasn't allergic to soy!  (We're talking I-may-need-that-epi-pen-that-I-don't-carry-around kind of allergy.  Haven't gotten there yet, but unfortunately, the allergy gets worse and worse.  :(  And I'm Asian.  Kinda sad, I know.)  What I did eat before I needed to stop, was yummy!This place is great, seriously.  Wish I could go back!  I always shed a little tear when everyone else goes...  and leaves me behind.  For my own good.
4	I've been living in Pittsburgh for three months, and I've been wondering where all the hipsters are. I mean, I live in South Side. It shouldn't be that hard to spot one. Maybe I work too much, I thought. Maybe I need to spend more time in the Beehive instead of just getting my coffee to go. Or maybe the hipsters only come out during the day while I'm at work, like opposite vampires, and spend their nights sitting on someone's roof in Lawrenceville, drinking PBR ironically and discussing the importance of dialects in the cultural fabric of America while I sit at home and watch bad reality television. And then I found them. In a line 35-deep snaking around Zenith at 10:45 AM on a Sunday. Success!Despite the fact that standing outside amongst the cool kids made me feel like I was about to be picked last for dodgeball, I can understand why they flock to Zenith. The $10 vegetarian brunch at the restaurant/antique store is an open secret. Brunch starts at 11 AM and includes coffee or tea, a main entree, and a glorious buffet of vegan cakes, fruit, and vegetables. I had the vegan french toast with apple topping, which was delicious. Due to the popularity of brunch, Zenith will often sit multiple, smaller parties at large tables. My friend and I said hello to our fellow diners, but they were too engrossed in their banana pancakes to acknowledge their tragically unhip tablemates. No matter: the waiter was charming, the food tasty, and the price right. I've got nothing but love for Zenith, and me and my lame self will be back for many a Sunday to come.
5	I don't get to the South Side much so I've only been there once, but I was really impressed. This would be a great place to take my parents I think.  The decor and common tables (not all the tables are common) are just different enough that my parents would feel uncomfortable.  Yea, and my dad would definitely think he's going to go away hungry, which he won't (his comment whenever I say I want to go to a vegetarian restaurant is that he doesn't want to b/c he's rather hungry).  Anyhow, they use great ingredients and the prices are good.
3	When you walk into Zenith, you find yourself in an 'antique store'.  I feel like I'm being sort of generous referring to this as an antique store ... it's more accurately a thrift/vintage/junk store full of run down stuff.  I'm all about impulse buys normally but there was nothing I was tempted to even touch.  If you are waiting to be seated, there are a few couches that look like they're from the 60s and 70s to sit on.  The dining area consists of around 10 old family dining room tables and is filled with mismatched cabinets displaying more 'antiques'.  Zenith is CHEAP.  $10 at brunch gets you a warm entree, a drink, and unlimited stuff from the buffet.  Their pomegrante iced tea is wonderful.  Zenith uses these funky 'antique' glasses that vary from table to table.  They're a lot of fun.  I didn't mind the cafeteria style communial dining tables - though it may be less OK depending on who you're stuck with.That being said, I was disappointed with the food at Zenith.  This is very standard fare vegetarian food and it's nothing special.  There were 6-8 warm entrees to choose from at brunch (scrambled eggs, pancakes, lemon linguine, and a curry burrito to name a few) and the two I sampled were just average.  The buffet consisted of the usual standard cold vegetarian food (grape leaves, fruit, cake, and too many variations of tabouli salad) and none of it was better than stuff I buy premade at the local organic store.  It's not especially fresh but it's decent.  Now for what I disliked about Zenith.  1)  People, let's talk about climate control!  I can't say I have ever been more eager to finish at a restaurant so I can go outside to the 90+ degree heat to cool down.  They've got a series of fans but it is in no way comfortable inside when it's warm outside.  2)  This place has old, white exposed rafters and it looks like the paint is peeling or something.  I spent a fair amount of time wondering how much of it falls down into the dining room ... and the kitchen.3)  I was not impressed with the open closet (or whatever it was) with cans of paint/stain haphazardly stacked by the door.  Call me weird, but I like to pretend there are more than 30 feet separating my food and whatever restoration project you're working on.  Just close the door!4)  Like another reviewer, I'm one of those annoying people with food allergies.  The buffet is basically an epipen salesman's dream.  It's full of all sorts of food allergens, it's all unlabeled and it's potentially dangerous.  There were a few things I didn't dare go near because I couldn't tell what was in them. My last bit of commentary on Zenith has to do with the vibe.  I spent quite a bit of time on my trip back trying to decide how to describe the people here.  The best way I can think to word this is that it feels like the hot spot for the art folks.  It's a bit like the tortured artists meeting the hippies.  Completely unique ... but sort of odd if you don't fit into that category.  I'm really torn as to how to rate something as unique as Zenith.  I feel like if you're going to have a vegetarian restaurant, you need to do vegetarian food well.  For cheap, average and very basic vegetarian food in an unique environment, it gets 3 stars from me.
5	I went to this place once, and I have been dying to go back ever since. I thought it was a very unique eating experience, I loved the whole vintage/antique store aspect of it. Not to mention the food was cheap & really yummy. $10 for entree, drink + brunch buffet! I only went for brunch, I heard it is more expensive for dinner during the weeknights... But I enjoyed the atmosphere and experience, although it was a hard to find location, tucked away on the back side of a building.
2	I want to LOVE Zenith. I go there about every 6 months, and I try again, harder each time, to like Zenith. It's an antique shop, and I love antiques! They serve vegan and veggie food, which I love! They are known for their brunch - my lifelong favorite meal! i know everyone loves zenith because it is part antique shop and part vegan restaurant, and there is a buffet of vegan sides, salads, and vegan cakes, and you get a vegan entree, coffee/tea, AND buffet for only $10 on a sunday morning, and a lot of the salads/buffet items are delicious. i respect all of these reasons for loving Zenith.And yet, I consider Zenith to be the biggest sore disappointment in my Pittsburgh experience. First of all, I hate waiting in lines. I hate that you have to time the exact moment of your arrival (to beat everyone else) and wait for Zenith to start seating. or you can arrive when they are open, and wait in a 30 person line to be seated.  i cannot express how deeply this irritates me. I hate sitting cafeteria style at tables with strangers -- okay, honestly, I don't hate strangers, but I do hate non-consensual seating with ex-girlfriends, ex-friends, ex-co-workers, and other parties from the past I'd rather put to bed. Pittsburgh is an awful small town for such a big city, certainly I can't be the only one wishing those demons would stay somewhere far away from my brunch table?Third, their table service is perhaps near the lowest-ranking in the city. If it is 90 degrees in June, and people are sitting in an un-air-conditioned room, with one lazy ceiling fan, and your server literally cannot bring you a glass of water.... well, there's a serious problem. and finally, the food. The brunch buffet salads/sides are sometimes "Good" but mostly mediocre, and i don't think the entrees are ever very good. We have a problem where we conflate quantity & quality. Our collective vegan brunch love for Zenith is exactly this issue. As vegans, you are not used to seeing a table full of cake you can eat. So when you do see that, you will rave about it. Even if the cake is dry and flavorless, you will eat it, and you will go back for seconds.
3	Can't say I thought the food here was that great.  It's a very interesting experience though, and worth trying at least once.  The breakfast bar food (buffet style) is much better than the hot food, imo.  I had blueberry pancakes, which were too dense and not blueberry enough.  I think everyone in my party agreed that the food was average.I will say that the atmosphere is extremely unique and lends itself to good conversation.  The servers are fun as well, and you can't beat the prices.  It seems like it would attract a hipster crowd, except families and old people go too.  Go figure.
4	Delicious food aplenty for not a lot of penny in a setting that makes anybody smile.  Unique vegetarian menu in this antique shop venue -- with waitstaff with a friendly, can-do attitude.
5	Zenith was exactly what I needed during a recent trip to Pittsburgh. A friend and I had headed out that way to go to Fallingwater, and thought navigating Pittsburgh's fun would be easy. I'm going to say that it actually wasn't. However, our Sunday brunch at Zenith opened up the doors to the goodness of Pittsburgh. We waited in a fairly long line just to get in the doors at opening, and then were seated family style. And then were completely befuddled by the ridiculously large amount of food we were offered for 10 dollars. You can go through the bufftet, which has a variety of vegetarian salads, from green salad to a Thai peanut noodle salad, to traditional pasta salad, a corn and black bean mixture, an Israeli couscous sitch that made my little heart sing... and then a whole table of various bundt cakes and pies. The almond cake with chocolate icing was enough to make me want to stay forever. On top of all that, we got to pick an entree. I selected a casserole of lentils, brown rice, spinach, carrots, and ginger-soy sauce with cashews. It was excellent, and I wish I could have eaten more of the whole thing. The more traditional breakfast entrees looked good, too, though I only sampled the apple pancakes. They were quite tasty. Though it was definitely busy, I never felt rushed or stressed to move on, and we wandered through the store part after lunch. It was cute and not overpriced, and if I could have brought a couple of larger furniture items back, or even had room for them in the first place, i probably would have. So even though it's right off of Carson St, which was a bit of a horror the night before, going to brunch at Zenith reminded me of the mysterious charm of Pittsburgh.
5	Ok. I have now been to Zenith, NOT for shopping, but for their delicious food!There evening dinners are a feast of cheap and plentiful vegan and vegetarian cuisine.And then there is the Sunday brunch...For 10 bucks you get coffee, an all-you-can-eat buffet of every type of salad, noodles, cakes, and pies imaginable... PLUS a brunch entree!Get there early or you will have to wait.  The atmosphere is super casual, the food is homemade, and it is the perfect spot to catch-up with friends.
2	I really wanted to LOVE Zenith because as a pretty harcore carnivore, eating vegetarian is one way for me to try having an exotic culinary experience every now and then.  So one weekend when my veggie loving Mom was in town, we decided to hit the famed Sunday brunch at Zenith.  I must not have read the reviews here before I went, because I was shocked to see a line.  I didn't bother me though because I figured with a line that long waiting for the restaurant to open, it must be worth the wait! What did truly dissapoint me was the seating arrangement.  I'm a perfectly sociable, friendly person and chatting with strangers of my own choice at a bar is great fun to me.  But one thing I was not prepared or excited to do was spend Sunday morning and the last morning of my mom's visit making small talk with strangers.  I realize this is Zenith's way of maximizing business and satisfying the long lines of people at the door.  But I would have appreciated at least some sign on the wall or something "you will be making akward small talk with strangers over breakfast" to warn me so that perhaps we could have headed to Tom's Diner instead where my mom and I could gossip about our crazy relatives in relative privacy.  I'm probably not the best judge being that I'm not vegan nor vegetarian, but I thought the food was delicious and so did my mom.  I don't remember what she ordered, but I had french toast with strawberries, I believe.  It was better than good...not awe-inspiring, but yummy.  What really delighted me was all the salads, the dolmatas, and the cakes.  My god, the cakes were delicious.  I could have had nothing but cake for brunch that day.  Overall, it was an interesting experience and I enjoyed the food.  The atmosphere...eh.  The service....eh.  I haven't been back since that visit which was a few months ago, and I don't really plan to go back in the very near future.
1	Walk in, wait five minutes..but hey look at cool antiques/vintage items. I was excited!Sit down with others at one table.  Okay, I'm chatty.  My friend and I tried to sit next to the couple and were informed that we should leave a seat in between...hmmm...social?  Really?Told the waitress we had never been there.  My friend wasn't really that hungry, so the idea of a full entree for brunch didn't appeal to her.  I ordered almond french toast with raspberry sauce...we were going to share (didn't understand it was a buffet).  The waitress "kindly" informed us that we would have to be charged for two people.  Okay, fine, that's legit.  So my friend and I decided to eat what we could...get our money's worth!We're eating the french toast...the waitress scurries over..."I'm going to have to charge you for two if she keeps eating".  What?  We thought you were anyway.  Apparently my friend and I go from restaurant to restaurant trying to cheat them out of as much money as possible.Soggy french toast and a catty waitress...no thanks...I'm good.P.S.  I really tried to give it a chance...but I suppose my hipster status isn't solid enough.
4	Zenith's all about the atmosphere.  You're in an antique shop, it's so cool!  The food's pretty good; not super spectacular but definitely worth it for the price.  You get an entree, the buffet bar, and the choice of a hot or iced tea.  I had their scrambled eggs my first time, which didn't wow me at all, and the Moroccan Stew this morning, which was definitely good.  The best part is definitely the buffet bar and the assortment of cakes; I REALLY like their different pastas.You gotta get to Zenith early.  I've been to Zenith twice; once I got there just after 10 AM to wait in line for when they open at 11 AM while today I got there after 12 PM.If you get there early, you'll get better service from the waiters since they won't be as overwhelmed in the beginning.  The food at the buffet bar will be fresher since all the food is made once and when it's out it's out.  Get there too late and all the best foods are gone (I missed out on their stuffed grape leaves and green beans today).  Also, if you get there early you'll get your own table, but if you get there later you might have to share a table with other patrons.  Today we ended up sitting at a table with three other parties, which is kinda cool but also kinda awkward at the same time.I think Zenith's the kinda place that not everyone will be able to appreciate, but for those who do, they absolutely love it.
3	Sunday brunch: unpleasant if crowded. You may have to share a table with strangers as they do in Asia. Can be awkward if you want to have a conversation with a friend or if they are hipsters. Nice variety for buffet though. Limited tea menu.Saturday lunch: Full tea menu. Better table choice. Nice lighting if you can sit in the inside room. Bring a camera and take some no-flash pictures. The colors are quite warm.
3	finally went here for the first time a few weeks ago for sunday brunch.It was really good- I got lemon pancakes with blueberries.also- the peanut noodle salad was AMAZING.  I could just eat that!luckily, we went late so it wasn't busy at all and my friends and I had a table to ourselves.
4	Went here for the first time and it really is all about the atmosphere! I loved it because its vegetarian and its hard to find a menu you can order anything off of. My favorite part: the deserts!!! SUUUPER YUMMMM!!!! Anyway, go to zenith, it's not boring and the food is good.
4	A carnivore by nature, I was skeptical the first time I was dragged to this vegan and vegetarian mecca for brunch, but my mind was immediately changed at the first bite of peanut noodles. My plate was already full of several kinds of pastas, bread, hummus, green beans, various fruits and a sampling of the vegan cakes before I realized you also order an entree! I wont claim that each dish Ive tried was the best, but thats the magic of the buffet/entree double whammy! You can experiment (and I encourage you to be a little adventurous!) with the changing menu, and if its not your thing, go back to those amazing peanut noodles and cakes. Zenith's atmosphere is also worth the trip. Its an antique store at its best with local art on the walls and hanging from the ceiling. The dishes are colorful, the glasses are mismatched goblets and the crowd is great for people watching.I know people complain about long lines and potentially having to share a table, but its really a testament to how good it is! That being said, plan ahead! Get there about 15-20 minutes before its supposed to open and talk about your Saturday night adventures while you wait for them to get set up. Go in table sized groups of 2, 4 or 6 to avoid having to sit with other people if youd rather do that (although you are sure to meet characters if you end up sharing a table). If you cant go early, go expecting a wait and with your mind made up to sort through antiques before food.All in all, if you are a Sunday brunch kind of person, give it a shot :)
5	Best brunch, best waitstaff, best antiques.  The seating is amazing.  If you're a small group you may be sat with another small group.  It's great to have new conversation. Lunch and dinner there?  Always superb.  It's quiet.  It's fresh.  And there is a ton to look at while you're in there.  It's like eating at your old irish gypsy grandma's
4	This is my fav sunday  brunch restaurant in Pittsburgh it is 100% vegetarian. On sundays they have $10 brunch that includes one entree and a buffet. The buffet has everything from grape leaves, different salads, and fruits. they also have desserts likes pies and about 4-5 flavors of cake and desert breads. They also offer coffee or tea i looove the coffee. They flavours are great and i always have a food baby after brunch. The owner makes almost everything and the decor is pretty cool. when you walk in you walk through an antique store and then get seated its pretty cool in there. The service has been questionable on some occasions but all the food is worth it. Tip: if you get there early before 11 or a little bit after the wait might not be too bad. but even if you have to wait they serve you coffee!!
5	This might be my favorite place altogether in Pittsburgh! It's definitely hands down favorite brunch place. Sunday deal: $10 for one entree, one drink, cold appetizers buffet, cake buffetThe food tastes SO GOOD! The cold appetizer buffet is the absolute best with all kinds of yummy salads, pastas, hummus, and fresh goodness. And the cakes are so so perfect as well... very obviously baked in the past day and not smothered in frosting just perfectly sweet. Something about all their food just leaves you with a clean feeling as you leave. Sure you might be bloated from stuffing your face but it's all good for you food and so fresh at that.
1	This place reminded me of eating in a thrift store. If you can get over that, you'll probably enjoy it. I believe that their menu is 100% vegetarian.  I just couldn't get over the fact that I was eating amongst people's old possessions.
4	The Zenith is all about atmosphere. But it has great food, too-- and at a good price, which is a rare combination. Most of the other reviewers talked about Sunday brunch, but I've always dined during 'off' hours, finding myself the only person there at times. When it's not busy, it's a good place to wander around looking at art and antiques while waiting for your food. I would compare it to eating lunch in my grandmother's attic. The sort of place where I might have sneaked into to have elaborate tea parties as a child. It's a nice sense of whimsy.There is an extensive tea list, many of which are interesting herbal mixes named after times and places (Wild West is my favorite). I used to buy the dry tea from them years ago, but I don't think they sell it like that anymore.The food is always great and often creative, with ample portions.  It's definitely starch-heavy though, with most of the dishes being based around sandwich bread, pasta or rice, and I haven't recently been there to find out if substitutions (like salad instead of rice) are ok. Their vegan desserts, especially the cakes, are to-die-for and alone are worth the trip.It's one of my favorite places to take people from out of town because it's something that I don't think people really expect from Pittsburgh.
5	Whenever I'm in Pittsburgh, I go to Zenith for Sunday brunch. They'll ask you order a "main dish," but the accompanying buffet (all included for one price) is even more glamorous, beginning with 10 varieties of vegan upside-down cake, fresh fruit, and endless amounts of salads and savories. The decor is astounding--it doubles as an antique shop, after all! I've also scored some of my most prized possessions there. Vegan or not, you must experience Zenith!
5	The zenith is easily the coolest restaurant I've ever been to.  The food is also fantastic.  I went for the sunday brunch - my god.  $10 for a main course and all you can eat sides.  The sesame cold noodles and 10 different types of vegan cakes, wow.  I had the tofu tacos - perfect.  I also had a bite of the ginger seitan - also delicious.  If I lived close, it would be a weekly haunt.PLEASE OPEN A ZENITH IN PHILADELPHIA.  thank you.
4	Edit: I took away one star because I went back with my family today and the entrees were not as good. Trader Joe's has better frozen vindaloo than the one served today. The ginger seitan was the best item and was served as a big heaping on a plate. While, the vindaloo and egg dish were small portions. However, I would recommend visiting because it is a nice opportunity to try different things at brunch.Man the sunday brunch is such a deal! The coffee is excellent, the side and cake buffet were awesome, and my jakarta tofu wrap was so great I hope that I can visit pittsburgh to eat here again. (I must confess that I initially was turned off by the idea of eating tofu in a wrap, but the texture was different than the usual asian kind I am used to. Plus the flavor was delicious) I loved the lemon lime cake the best. It reminded me of key lime pie. The actual antique store is wonderful and worth a visit alone!
5	oh, zenith. you might be one of my favorite places ever, as a vegan who also really loves antique/thrift stores, the melding of the two was pretty mindblowing. the antique shop is super cute and full of treasures of all sorts and price ranges, and the restaurant is equally cool. (you can buy the art on the walls, and even the chairs/table you're dining at, if so inclined.) oh, yes, they also sell a variety of teas.  and then there's the vegan sunday buffet--$10 gets you an insane amount of food and drink---an entree, a table fllled with side dishes, and a dessert table that was overwhelming with the amount of sweets it held. oh yeah, and unlimited (really good) tea and coffee.this place makes me happy happy happy. i hope to return soon.
5	$10 never tasted so damn delicious. Say what you will about vegetarian/ vegan fare, I'm pretty sure the most carnivorous of carnivores would leave Zeniths Sunday brunch satisfied. Yep, 10 bucks will get you 1 entree (you pick from 5 or 6 choices) that comes with 2 sides. Next choose your drink- coffee or tea (hot or iced) then get your ass up to the buffet table where cakes, breads, fresh fruit and salads a plenty await you. Arrive early to get a table or put your name in and browse around the antique shop until a table opens up.
4	Cheap, big buffet of vegan items, unique experience. There might be a bit of a wait, but at least you're in a vintage store so you can look around.
5	Long-time vegetarians have learned to be suspicious of buffets. What's okay for me to eat? Is there any meat lurking in that innocuous-looking pasta? A vegetarian buffet is like a dream come true. A vegetarian buffet (+ entree  + coffee/tea) for 10 bucks is a dream come true for a girl who just finished grad school and needs to find a job.Zenith, you're a dreamboat. The entire store and dining area is super charming with antiques everywhere. Even the water glasses are fancy. Bonus points for having water pitchers on each table. The buffet can be divided into two categories--savory and sweet. On the savory side, there's bread and an array of bean salads, pasta salads, hummus, and other vegetable dishes. Some standouts were the potato salad and the sesame noodle salad. As for the sweet side, there are 10 types of bundt cake, from Earl Grey with blueberries to almond ginger to several kinds of chocolate cake, and 2 kinds of pie.On top of that, I enjoyed my Tofishy--which was fried and breaded tofu on a bun with lettuce and tomato, and vegan cocktail sauce (vegan tartar sauce was the other option). Oh, cocktail sauce. I haven't had you in a long time, as you often contain Worcestershire sauce, and because I didn't know what else you could go with besides seafood. I didn't realize how much I missed you. Even folks less keen on tofu will be happy here--there are always more standard brunch entree options like pancakes, French toast and eggs. While I did visit on a big graduation weekend, which might skew the clientele a little bit, I feel like the mix of young, middle-aged and elderly people eating here shows that everyone will find yummy bliss at Zenith's Sunday brunch.
4	I finally got to go here a couple of months ago, and if I can ever wake my significant other up early enough on a Sunday for brunch I will go again! I went for a sunday brunch and the food was outstanding. The buffet offered a lot (I was tempted to run out of the place with the giant bowl of Thai peanut noodles). The buffet was cold dishes, noodles, fruit salads, pasta salads, etc...and they offer a hot food menu on top of that - all vegan of course. On this occasion, if I remember correctly, I had something along the lines of a vegan crepe. I do remember that it was really good. They also have a VAST variety of teas.And the price was amazing - 10$ a head.A few things to know:Get there early. They will not seat you unless your whole party has arrived. For Sunday brunch they open the doors at 11. I got there at 1030 and the line was beginning to form. They do offer coffee while you wait to  be seated, and it is in an antique shop so there is a lot to keep you occupied.At Sunday brunch they do not offer to-go containers for I think obvious buffet-related reasons. Everything there is for sale. Everything. Like the chair you are sitting on? Ask a price.
2	My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to eat in southside on a Sunday and decided on this place because of all the great reviews. As soon as we walked into this stinky thrift store I thought about turning around to try some place else, but I trusted fellow yelp reviewers and we sat down. The food was AWFUL- I can't believe it when I read all these great reviews. What am I missing? We got the Polamalu wrap- I couldn't get through more than a few bites. As for the buffet, I tried almost everything I could and didn't like any of it- and I don't consider myself a picky eater by ANY means. Very disappointed and puzzled as to why this terrible place got such positive reviews. Don't bother going here...
4	Most of my 4 stars is for the amazing atmosphere of Zenith. You could possibly spend HOURS wandering around looking at all the stuff in Zenith (it is also an antique store). How many things can they possibly hang from the ceiling? How many things can they hang salon style on every wall? Have you seen the bathrooms yet?The food is pretty awesome, too. Sundays are the times to go -- vegan/vegetarian buffet (includes coffee/tea drinks) for $10. Make sure to show up early, lines start forming quickly!
5	After a bit of deliberation, I decided Zenith is fully deserving of five stars.The key to this justification is to remember the restaurant title "Vegetarian CAFE".  I will explain later...Upon entering Zenith, and as is well documented by the pictures, one is greeted by the warehouse everyone's mother would love to have!  Antiquities all over the place and those are extremely fairly priced as my mother-in-law was so elated to find.After a short wait, we were ushered into our table for Sunday brunch.  As I said, Zenith only claims to be a Vegetarian Cafe and, as such, goes above and beyond that claim but may fall short of a full fledged restaurant.  The salad bar is superfluous, while possibly a bit monotone in ingredients (pasta, veg, beans, pasta, veg, beans) with 10-12 different pasta and green salads.  There were two flavors of bread and then a menu of 6 entrees for only $10/person.
4	Q: Where do all the hipster-vegans go when they get fed up with Quiet Storm's brunch? A: ZenithThe food was good, all vegetarian, the coffee was pretty okay for a breakfast joint. The wait wasn't extremely long and the hostess was nice enough to ask us beforehand if we minded being sat with other people and/or children neither of which bothered us. It's a family set-up, so it's more like a huge dining room with a big buffet table than anything else. I can understand the appeal of this sort of place, but in the end it's just not for me. A little too much noise for my mornings. If you can deal with that many people talking that early in the morning, then this place is for you. Also, now that I think about it, this may be the only thing I've enjoyed in the South Side.
4	After reading a few reviews about this place I decided to give it a try. I had only read briefly that it offered some delicious, fresh vegetarian dishes and was a cool, new atmosphere that I probably hadn't experienced before.Both of the things that I heard about this place were accurate. And for only 10 bucks, the amount of food and the quality of it were both worth it.One thing that I actually really enjoyed about the restaurant is that you get seated with random people. If I were asked this at any other restaurant I would definitely feel weird about it, but here it seemed just right. My friend and I agreed, and were happy to sit next to two ladies who had been there many many times and had recommendations on what we should get. I opted for the eggs with zucchini, and my friend got the french toast...both of which were much better than I'm used to getting at any breakfast restaurant. The buffet was pretty good, and I really enjoyed most of the vegan desserts. There was a cookie flavored cake that I thought was extremely good. The coffee was better than most breakfast places as well. I will definitely be returning to this place for breakfast. The only thing that I would like more would be if there were more variety at the salad bar, as it was pretty one note.
3	I'm a hardcore carnivore, especially when it comes to brunch, so I was skeptical of Zenith. It was better than I thought it would be.The vegetable stew I got was pretty good, but nothing special, and it would have been greatly improved by a good helping of slow-cooked beef (sorry, it's true!). I had a bite of the pasta and it was beyond bland, whereas the french toast (strawberry that morning) was far too sweet. Essentially, I could have done without the entrees altogether.The buffet portion of the meal was much better. A large selection of salads, dips, and such, and of course those peanut noodles. Everyone raves about them but guess what? They are super easy to make at home! Just search "peanut butter noodles" in Google and you'll get a million recipes. There you go, your reason for going to Zenith is no longer (and most of the other buffet items are just as easily imitable). I do have to say that the dessert buffet was very impressive. Pies, cakes, breads...I am not a dessert person at all but I just had to sample everything. If you are a dessert person, you will probably be in heaven.I wouldn't be against coming back here again (can you BYOBacon??) but there are so many other good brunch spots in the city that I might not get around to it.
3	5 stars for atmosphere5 stars for price2 stars for food= overall 3 starsa few decent buffet items, but the tea and the entree were both really weird tasting.  wouldn't come back here for food, but may come back to check the antiques
3	This "Hipster Cracker Barrel," as an out-of-town friend described it, is mostly a fun gathering place for 'burgher veg heads. I only go for Sunday brunch; the desserts are great and the atmosphere is fun and, well, antique, but the actual food is just OK (go early, or yours might be nuked).
5	The salads in the buffet are awesome!!! The restaurant is in an antique store which is cool for others. I like the bathroom full of owls(table tops). I'll go again mainly for the food though.
5	Here it is my 100th review here on my favorite website. If any place is deserving of being my big milestone review it's Zenith.While I'd been there more than once before, it had been too long and I didn't think I could accurately review it without more recent research being done. (Which is a great excuse for me to go back and have brunch again and again and again. I am a research assistant extraordinaire.) Let's take two things I love thrifting/antiques and brunch and smash them all together into one Sunday morning good time. The interior of this store/restaurant is so full of interesting bits that there are things literally hanging from the ceiling. When you walk into the main room it's almost a feeling of sensory overload. So many fun items to look at and touch. You can buy everything, right down to the chair you sit in while you eat and the dishes you use. It's not particularly a perfect place for preschoolers though as some pieces are precariously perched and practically praying to be pushed over. (Like that alliteration I used there? Priceless!) Just one hiccup, a lot of items have no prices on them and I'm not really sure where you take an item you want to purchase.It's best to get there before they open at 11am as a line begins to form immediately. For $10 you get to pick an entree (of which they have 5 or 6 options which change each week), hot or cold tea or coffee, and access to the buffet. The options are vegan or vegetarian and they always have fresh fruit and fresh baked breads. The dessert table is usually various pies and bundt cakes. The flavors are great and subtle too.It's a small space so if you're claustrophobic or don't like beat sat with strangers this most likely isn't for you. They do take cards or cash so you're safe either way. If you're looking for a unique brunch experience you'll want to make the Southside a stop off.
5	I have decided that if I say anything about this place, more people will find out about it and it will be impossible to every get a seat. However if people don't  know how amazing the concept, food, and decor is, they might not go. What to do? fine.  This place is so good.  It is a regular stop on my brunch rotation.  Sundays get you an all you can brunch buffet.  The buffet consists of about 15 different salads and sides ( grape leaves, chickpeas, beans, Greek, to name a few.)  ALL COMPLETELY VEGETARIAN.  Then you also get to pick a main course.  They are creative, healthy and very tasty. About 5 choices.  Fantastic flavorful and so good for you.  I walk away gorged on food thinking, today I did something really good for my body. Its almost like a meal there is a cleanse and I always feel like a test start to my health.  And the includes the one simple detail I have failed to mention.  The buffet also includes unlimited cake.  Flavors unheard and familar. All bundt cake. All very very good. Usually 10 or so flavors at the same time to pick from.  It doesn't make the meal any less healthy.  It provides the same well rounded nature that life desires.  I love this place.  I really do.  So bring on the wait, cause this place deserves it.
3	I've been here a handful of times for their sunday brunch. The food really is terrific and the decor is fun.As a vegetarian it is so nice to be able to eat at a place where everything is an option.My 3 star rating is due to how crowded this place is.There is not enough room to accomodate the amount of people this place draws.By 11am (when they open for sunday brunch) I am too hungry to deal with the line wrapped around the room and the constant bumping and cramped quarters once I am seated.I've also experienced some equally grouchy patrons while waiting in line for the door to open. I've seen people hold a spot in line for their whole party, too. So what you thought were are two people ahead of you suddenly becomes 30 which could mean the difference between you being seated now or in an hour. Basically, the popularity of of Zenith is it's only deterrent.
4	Seriously, one of thee most unique places to eat in the Burgh!  Big thing here is, it's an antique shop that also has awesome vegetarian food!  So being a antique shop, they draw upon that for all their decorations in the dining room area.  It's like walking into your quirky grandma or aunt's house. The food could stand alone, without the antiques shop.  I ordered the lentil burger for the first time ever.  I can happily report back that it was absolutely delish!  It was HUGE and packed full of goodies (what I found out was, lentils, bread crumbs, potatoes, etc.).  The burger kinda fell apart after a few bites so I opted to eat with a fork.  No worries, it still tasted good!  It also came with a side of chips, but I opted out because of my lame diet and ended up getting a side salad.  The side salad acted more like a full salad, it was served in a tiny bowl stuffed full of fresh lettuce, peppers and grapes!  Since I'm a huge fan of tea I was also super excited to see such a massive tea list.  I choose the Almond Spice black tea and am happy to report it was super tasty.  Loved that it came out in a pot all for myself!  I love my own personal tea parties!The antique side is, of course, filled with a plethora of chachkies.  But there's many many treasures to be found!  I totally dug a couple of awesome 70's style dresses that inspire me to find some kind of 70's themed party (or throw one!).  I thought the vintage costume jewelry selection was awesome though!  It was a win win for me walking out of there with a full belly and a $12 vintage bracelet!  Don't be fooled, this place is legit awesomeness!
3	The concept is great, but the execution is a little off. They served noodle salad with peanut sauce (which was good) with ice cubes tongs to serve yourself. This resulted in smashed or cut noodles. Some of the items seemed like they were trying too hard to be different with middling results. The price is right on par though. I just wouldnt call it a hidden gem.
4	A friend and I went here for a snack - neither of us were overly hungry so we opted for the Mediterranean plate.  It had hummus, pita bread, grape leaves, feta cheese, red peppers, olives...those are all the items I can remember.  I thought everything tasted good and fresh.  I remember liking the hummus.  I would have never thought there was a restaurant hidden in this antique store.  We walked through the antique/thrift store to get to the restaurant, I don't remember seeing another way to access the restaurant portion.The ambiance is very quirky, maybe b/c there's alot of people's old stuff all around, but it works.  I'm not sure that I'd always be in the mood for something like this, but stopping in for a mid-afternoon snack just clicked.  I'd like to go back and try some meals as these reviews have me curious!
4	I really like the Zenith Tea Room, of all the restaurants I have ever eaten in, Zenith has a personality all it's own. The inside of the restaurant is decorated like nothing I had ever seen before.  It reminds me of going to my nana's house full of nick nacks and chotchkies, but the interior in done in such a way that it's charming and inviting. I am not a vegan by any stretch of the imagination, but I do enjoy creative dishes and Zenith does not disappoint. I enjoyed their appetizers sampler plate you get hummus, grape leave olives and feta cheese.  The hummus was very good and thick which as the way I like to eat it. I feel that you get a  good amount of munchies for the price, Zenith for a restaurant in the Southside has very reasonably priced menu offerings.
5	This is the best place only to have a relaxed Sunday brunch in Pittsburgh. If you can locate this place in Southside it takes even more searching to find someone to seat you in the backside if the antique store. The wait is worth it even for non-vegetarians as they choose from a range of entrees that keep changing every week. Additionally feel free to help yourself to numerous salads, rice and noodle dishes with bread and dips on buffet. The dessert options are pretty good if you have room left in your stomach. Their spl teas are good and deserve refills.All this for $10 leaves you with lot more to spend on the rest of your Sunday.
5	This is one of Pittsburgh's hidden gems. It is tucked away in the Southside and most people probably walk right by not knowing it is a restaurant. We went here based on a recommendation and I was glad I knew that I should walk to the back of the shop and around the corner to get to the restaurant. Otherwise, I may have though I was in the wrong place.There is usually only one person working there during the day (probably not the case for brunch), so be prepared to wait a while, although you may not have to. If you have to, definitely walk around and check out the antiques. I believe everything (even the table you are sitting at while you eat) is for sale.The food is fantastic. I have tried a number of different items on the menu, and have been blown away every time. They seem to switch their menu up often enough, and I have heard great things about their brunch. I will be back soon to try it!
1	Crusty. Sloppy. Dark.
5	Ten bucks on a Sunday for an amazing buffet AND an entree, yes, please.Look, I think it's simple: I ate here before bowling a perfect game of duckpins. Woody Harrelson also ate here a few weeks after I bowled. Ergo, Zenith is for "Kingpin"'s. Eating here makes you stay on top of your game. It's game changing. Life changing, even. When can I go back?
1	OMGTerrible even my wife likes vegetarian and hated this Quick give me a real egg and meat!! Even sub par for veggie lovers The first experience with a yelp recommendation I was totally turned off by
5	I am pleasantly surprised; Who can beat $10 all you can eat buffet, with tasty food. I enjoyed it much. The coffee was weak, but the tea was awesome, the blueberry pancakes was not that great, but everything else was , I even enjoyed the desserts, I was pleasantly surprised for sure.  I read many of the reviews here and I am just floored at how unbelievable people are, this is a ten dollar brunch on a Sunday, what do you expect,  well I did not expect the food to be so good, but it was...
5	My new favorite brunch spot in the 'burgh!  It's all vegetarian, and sooo good.  Definitely worth waiting in the line that forms before this place opens up on Sunday.You pick an entree, usually there are french toast and scramble options--last time I went, there was even a BBQ seitan sandwich.  I went with lemon artichoke stew, which was heavenly.  There are also different herbal teas, juices, and coffee to choose as a beverage.The best part is the buffet line--close to 30 different salads (veggie, pasta, and fruit) to choose from and a whole table full of pies and cakes. The dishes are fiestaware and different antique pitchers and glasses from the Zenith's antique store.  The atmosphere is cute and kitschy, and you can buy any of the art on the walls.I will definitely be back for brunch on future Sundays, I might even try lunch or dinner here as well.  The Zenith is a great little place!
3	I would give the brunch 4 stars because it is a fun place to go--I like the atmosphere, the diversity of the ALL VEG offerings, and you can't beat the $10 price. I was not *amazed* by anything I ate there, and the service was sometimes a bit sketchy, but it was all good enough and the options and affordability make it some place to which I will return on Sundays to come.Dinner, however, was another story. My girlfriend and I stopped in for an early dinner on our way out to a free concert in South Park. We ordered grape leaves (6/$3.50) for an appetizer and we both had the Tunisian Red Bean Stew (red beans, yams, red peppers, tomatoes, onions and jalapenos simmered in a spicy peanut sauce over rice), served with a side salad ($10). The grape leaves were quite good and easily the best part of the meal. The salad was downright bad. It was all the same kind of lettuce, smashed into a bowl with ~4 pieces of green bean, about the same number of red cabbage shreds, piled with bell pepper (which I hate), and a few grapes. The dressing was so strong with vinegar it made us both cough. There was so much pooled in the bottom of the bowl that we just left the bottom third of the salad because it was completely inedible. The entree was okay, but not wonderful. It was a little dry, the elements seemed to blend into each other rather than stand out individually and the sauce was one-dimensional. I usually expect a "spicy peanut sauce" to be a little more complex with the peanuts adding a sweet-savory base on which the heat from the peppers can play, but the pepper heat washed out the peanut flavor in this dish. The rice managed to be both sticky and dry, so the meal felt pretty heavy.Despite the criticisms above, Zenith is okay and it certainly is not overpriced. It is a fun place to dine as you'll always find some new funky object to check out, but don't go expecting to be amazed by the food. There are more options available for Sunday brunch and you can't beat the all-you-can-eat sides and sweets. It's worth going for the Steelers shrine alone.
5	I've only been here on Sundays for brunch, but i'll speak on behalf of the buffet. It's impressive, affordable, and delicious. Even if you're a meat eater like myself, you'll enjoy it. Great staff, atmosphere. I wish i knew what kind of coffee they serve because, in my opinion, it's one of the best cups of coffee to get in the city.
4	I actually can't get over it. It's been almost 24 hours and I'm still struggling with the fact that I paid just $10 for this brunch experience. I say "experience," because it truly is one!  The front of Zenith is bursting with antiques from floor to ceiling.  Nothing life-changing, but a delightful assortment to peruse while waiting for a table.  We waited 40 minutes on a Sunday afternoon, but it flew by amongst the racks of vintage clothing, jewelry, housewares and hipsters.Our party of four was seated at a roomy 6-top that you'd swear came straight outta Grandma's kitchen.  I had no idea what to expect from the brunch and was very excited to learn that we were given an option of one of many mouthwatering entrees AND the buffet.  I asked what type of food was on the buffet and I absolutely stopped listing when our server said "Well, we have a cake buffet..." A CAKE BUFFET?  I mean, why...haven't...I...been...here....before?!  Yes, a cake buffet; chock full of a variety of bundt cakes including Banana Chocolate, Raspberry Almond, Chocolate Coconut and just too many more to mention.  The buffet also included a salad section featuring peanut noodles, macaroni salad, hummus, potato salad and again - too many more to mention.  After stuffing my face with much of the aforementioned I received my entree of Seitan Gyro (vegetarian gyro).  It was fine, but I wouldn't order it again.  Let me be clear though - nothing WRONG with the gyro. It just turns out I don't love Seitan.  Also included in the massive $10 charge is your choice of hot or iced tea. I opted for the raspberry/peach iced and DAMN, it was good!  I liked the glass so much, I asked if I could buy it and they obliged, for the super-fair price of $3.  So, for $16 (including glass and tip) I walked out of Zenith with my fill of gyro, bundt cakes galore, delicious salads-o-plenty and a really big smile.  I can't wait to return!!!!
5	Best. Brunch. Ever!And the most unique dining experience I've ever had. You order a vegetarian entree, go get delicious vegetarian salads and desserts, have coffee, then your entree comes. It's hard to know what's better: the food or the atmosphere. Either way, I'll be hitting this place up a lot.Bring your appetite though. Since it's buffet-style, there aren't to-go boxes.
4	Zenith provides a delightful brunch experience. For $10 you really can not beat it for the following reasons; 1. All you can eat vegan buffet! They have various salads, pastas, hummus & bread! Every time I've gone they've been a little different but mainly the same. My absolute favorite are the peanut butter noodles, I could eat a large bowl of it but am forces to save room for other treats. On the other end of the buffet are vegan breads they always have 5 to 6 seasonally included favors...I look forward to these! 2. Not only do you get the buffet you get to choice an entree from a list. They options sometimes very but seem to always have eggs, French toast or a curry burritto. Among other options. I've tried most of them, all good! It's not by means the best vegan or vegatarian  food I've had but it's completely worth the money! I always leave full & satisfied3. It's an antique shop! If you have to wait for a table there's plenty to look at. I've even made a few purchases. Some of its over priced but I can usually find a cheaper nik nak or a retro scarf. Also because it is an antique shop...all the dishware, tables, chairs & decor are unique. They also have large tables for big groups! So I  recommend zenith for a wonderful sunday brunch
5	After reading about the mention in the New York Times, I decided to give Zenith a try for lunch, even though it's highly noted for its brunch.We entered the antique store and were greeted by a woman who told us to choose a table for lunch. I chose a table for us by the space heater since the large room was a little drafty. It wouldn't be a problem through the meal since the meal came with a delicious miso soup that warmed me right up. I had the linguine which was good and my dad had the seitan beef which was really good, and for the price you really can't beat it.But the real joy of eating here is the environment. There are antiques everywhere including the table settings. The music is an ecclectic mix. And the owner was a woman who came over and talked with us, and she really made our dining experience special. You can tell she really cares about her customers, and she takes into account the mostly younger clientel, although for lunch all the other couples were very much out of college. I would very much recommend making a stop here for lunch or brunch if you're in the area. Very much worth it.
4	This is a review of Zenith Antiques' Sunday brunch:Wow. This is a truly unique place. We woke up Sunday and our Air B&B host asked us if we're vegetarian. Mostly? Then we *must* go to Zenith for brunch.We parked nearby - I love how easy it is to find parking in Pittsburgh - and walked in the nondescript entrance to a hugely colorful thrift/antique store with chairs hanging from the ceiling, tapestries, old paintings, and gadgets and (mainly) funky items galore. It took us a few moments to figure out we had to advance to the back to get seated. We were only two, and so we were seated immediately at a larger table with a few others. Since the main brunch item is the buffet, we walked over and stocked up, only to be asked upon returning to our seats what we wanted to eat. Ummm, the food we just picked up? Except you get an entree, too. Coffee or tea, a very nice brunch replete with bundt cakes (eight? ten? moist and delicious) and an assortment of salads (lentil, vegetable, Israeli couscous, pasta) and fruit, AND an entree. $10. I'm sure they make a killing on Sunday mornings (especially with a simple menu and no to-go boxes, probably to discourage taking more than you will actually eat from the buffet), but I thought this was amazing for a satisfying brunch.Everything appears to be vegetarian, with a number of vegan options. My entree was nothing to write home about, but it was not bad: I had a solid burrito with rice, beans, pepper, onion, and pineapple, though I probably should have asked for no tortilla. Lots of rice and a tortilla always seemed funny to me. I'm not gluten-free, and I've only gone this once, but I get the impression that there are plenty of buffet and entree options for those who cannot eat gluten or wheat. But if you can! - I loved the almond-chocolate bundt cake and my husband was making happy noises while eating other bundt cakes and his chosen entree: apple pancakes. The brunch menu of the week is available here: http://zenithpgh.com/brunch-menu.Our table companions were friendly and local, and told us that the room in which the buffet is located was used to be an art gallery. Perhaps it still is. It does appear to contain more contemporary work. The service was great, especially considering the tightly packed setting: water jugs are available on the table, and our tea was refilled as often as we liked. There was no problem getting the check when we were ready to leave, and I was happy to discover they take credit cards. Highly recommended for a relaxed and filling meal.
4	AWESOME spot for Sunday Brunch!  Have been twice and love it.  There is something for everyone-- and with a vegetarian and vegan in our Pittsburgh crowd, Zenith is great for making EVERYONE happy.  The food is good (not life-changing, but still solid) and there is a buffet.  Which has pasta salad.  And cake.  What.  I would be happy eating nothing BUT pasta salad and cake.  But then you order a "main" entree that is generally a hot dish too!  And, drumroll, it's $10.  Last time I was there, I had lemon blueberry french toast.. it was hot and gooey and lemoney and had fresh blueberries-- delivered exactly as expected!The service is friendly and the atmosphere is super cool; you never run out of things to look at since it's an antique shop as well.Cool place for anyone, but must try for vegetarians!
1	Zenith Antiques gives vegans everywhere a bad name. I went here because it's recommended as a "great vegan spot in Pittsburgh" while nothing could be further from the truth. Is the food vegan? Sure. Is it decent? Absolutely not. Ignoring the fact that it the "antiques" that are barricaded sloppily in the space are actually similar to donations that Good Will recieves/sells (and that it smells like a musty old Good Will store), the last time I went here (December 2012) to try to dissuade me from hating this place, someone was smoking a cigarette inside at one of the tables. Pardon me for trying to avoid ordering COPD with a side of lung cancer while at brunch. DISGUSTING. This is not a night club, if it were, I could potentially ignore this transgression and chalk it up to "he was so wasted, he lit up a cigarette." This is obviously an acceptable standard at Zenith Antiques, and consequently the atmosphere and the food stinks.
4	I've only ever been to the brunch but - my god, I would eat here every Sunday morning if I could get my lazy butt out of the house on time...Zenith is where hipster goes to die (I mean- it's connected to an antique store, there are Christmas lights all year round, local artists decorate the walls with their art, etc.) The service is fast and the entree is usually good! If it's your first time I'd stay away from the bottom of the menu where they get more "adventurous." And hey - if the entree isn't good there's an entire side buffet and bundt cake buffet awaiting your hungry selves.   I could go on, but you'd have to experience the hipster glory of Zenith yourself.
5	What are the 5 Stars for: food, service, hospitality, originality?  Not all of these but 3 or 4 with a caveat: you don't go to an antiques shop for food, let alone vegan/vegetarian AND buffet (on Sundays).  Let's not forget the vegan bundt cakes either.  I give Zenith some slack for service in that patrons shouldn't go there with Michelin-service expectations but for Elaine and crew to stick out their necks in Pgh and do wonderful and very affordable vegan... I don't have a problem rounding up to 5 Stars.  Return visits are in the making!
5	A vegetarians dream come true.  Don't call to ask about wait times though, whoo, they get super grouchy with you about that!  Geez!
3	Trying the brunch here at least once is a trivial MUST. It's worth it just to experience the novel concept of eating potluck style fare in a vintage shop. But when it comes down to it, Zenith's execution is very simple. The brunch buffet (only available on Sundays) is all vegan and exciting, but the food isn't really all that much fun. The cakes and pies are truly bad and the salads are average. When I say "potluck style," I mean that this is the sort of food your plebeian friends or family prepare for parties - cheap and easy to make. The entrees are typically extremely uninspired, bland and obviously mass produced and re-heated as necessary. I would never even think of coming here on any day but Sunday (ok, well, I did once go on a Thursday; we were the only ones there and it sucked). I would give Zenith two stars, but I have to give them a little extra credit for business design - convincing people to crowd in one day of the week so as to require a wait during which people can shop deliriously (hungover and on an empty stomach) before eating. What they do the rest of the week is beyond me, it's definitely not creative menu design - I guess they are probably religiously hawking thrift store goods to re-sell...
3	This place is about more than the food for most people that go there and love it. An for a certain hipstery set Zenith is like moths to a flame.For the rest of us though Zenith is an antique shop with mediocre food and ok service,It's held up to be something more than it is for those of us just looking for a decent meal.
3	I went to Zenith for their Sunday brunch buffet and it was an interesting experience. The antique (read: junk) shop provides a unique ambiance and plenty of things to talk about during the meal. The meal itself was mediocre; my french toast was soggy with an overly sweet strawberry syrup, and the coffee was no better than that of a typical truck stop. The buffet, however, was decent, boasting several tasty items with better nutritional value than most brunch fare. Not bad for $10. If you're really hungry on a Sunday morning and don't want to spend much money, the Zenith is a solid choice.
5	Favorite Sunday brunch place in Pittsburgh for Vegans and Vegetarians. Love the vegan buffet and I could eat just that, but then you also get a great entree to choose from too. Try the green beans, sesame noodles, and the vegan deserts.  The only drawback is that sometimes the entree portions are too big. Don't take people take people who don't appreciate a diversion from the norm. I really feel like I can get my fill for $10.
3	Wonderful food in a very unusual setting.  The prices are very affordable and they can accommodate large groups.  The store carries an odd assortment of collectibles, antiques and used items, I had a lot of fun browsing after my meal.  The staff is very friendly.
4	Veggie food AND antiques together in the same place!   This place is just downright fun. There is plenty of stuff to look at while you wait for a table and even while you're eating, as every square inch of this place is filled to capacity with art and interesting objects hanging from the walls and ceiling.  I'm withholding one star because even though the food is satisfying, a lot of it is food you could probably make yourself.  But when I don't feel like cooking, this is where I go, and it's a great place to bring out of town guests.  The brunch is massive and packed.
5	Are you kidding me?  A vegetarian dream in an odd Antique store?  Yep and fantastic prices and wonderful food to boot.  More than reasonable prices, portions and panache. Seriously, though, this hole in the wall is worth finding.
4	I've gone here for dinner and now just recently for their brunch.It's a small shop with antiques being sold in the front and the eating area in the back. The tables and chairs also seem like they are antique-like.If you go for dinner, you get a much larger menu along with a large assortment of teas to choose from. Their menu changes seasonally as well.For brunch, you get a buffet + entree + coffee/tea, all for $12. It is much busier during brunch, too. You have a variety to choose from for the buffet and the entrees, but the tea and coffee is only what they are currently brewing. You also get access to their cakes, which are quite delicious.Overall, Zenith offers a unique atmosphere and a delicious variety of vegetarian options... also delicious tea! :D
5	I went for Sunday brunch and loved it. I thought the antique store part was fascinating and it has the added bonus of making any wait time for a table go by in a flash (there was also coffee you could help yourself to before being seated.) I saw some nice antique compacts and there were more vintage clothes than I expected, glass coffee pots, beautiful vintage chairs, etc. some of it is dusty and it's sort of a cozy clutter of oddities and antiques. Examples of the oddities are a literal shrine to the Steelers complete with kneeling bench, and glass table lamps filled with painted Barbies. The food though! It was really terrific, very flavorful, very filling. I was in a party of 2 and we were seated with some other guests at a large table. For $11.50 I got unlimited coffee & tea, an entree  from a small menu that I understand changes weekly and unlimited access to the 100% vegetarian (and vegan?) buffet. A dozen different bundt cakes to try, some of the best hummus I've ever eaten, salads, fruit, cilantro beans, a variety of cold pasta dishes, orzo, penne, peanut noodles, spicy green beans, chickpea salad, a great herbed potato salad with vinegar dressing...etc. I'm sure it changes every week so there's no use itemizing everything. I loved how everything was seasoned, no two dishes tasted too much alike; mostly basic ingredients that were well prepared with surprising variety, nourishing, and most importantly tasted really good. I loved the lack of tofu especially, not that I dislike tofu but it's everywhere. The seitan slices in my entree tasted great and not like they just slid them out of a can. Good times. I will definitely go again.
5	1 word: Mmmmmmmmmmm! This vegan restaurant may have the most distinct character of any other restaurant in Pittsburgh. The veggie/vegan brunch here is legend. The antique store on your way in is epic. The food and desserts, all baked by a couple of lovely women that are friends of friends, are so tasty. The inside decor is so cute and cozy, filled with big, older tables with older furniture and cute antique-like decorations. on the walls and hanging from the ceiling above. At first I wasn't too stoked about the big table setup- particularly if you're going by yourself or just with a friend. However, a couple of times I've met some really cool people that came and set beside me or my group. The people who work here are amazing, and I love the cool, young, hip patrons that come in. For years I only had been here for their brunch, but a couple of years ago I actually had my birthday dinner here with a big group of friends- and the dinner meal was great too! Going on a weekday surely doesn't have the same craziness as a Sunday brunch, but a very good and different experience in its own right. I couldn't recommend this place more highly- even if you aren't a vegetarian!
5	I've never had a bad experience here, I wish I could come every Sunday for brunch!Everything on the buffet and most of the entrees are vegan, or are clearly labelled as not. Meat-eaters will not be disappointed here, either. No matter if you go sweet or savory, the entrees are always delicious. The almond pancakes and anything seitan are some of the best things I've ever eaten. Everything on the buffet is delicious, I'd say the hummus and peanut noodles are favorites among my friends. The cakes and pies are also amazing, especially with the unlimited coffee and tea.Love. Love, love, love. Stay forever Zenith, and never change.
5	Really unique place to eat. I'm not vegetarian but loved it. Cool atmosphere. Great value for the price.
2	The Zenith uses white,  not raw or other natural,  sugar in their desserts.  White sugar often has animal bone char in it (about 50%of the time,  it's not labeled,  ya da ya da - if you don't know,  Google it)... thus, anything with sugar in it at Zenith is not veg or vegan.  Sorry folks.  We asked one of the cooks... She said that the desserts were made from "regular" sugar. That being said,  the atmosphere is awesome as is the store.  For that,  they get 2 stars from me.  But,  you simply can't call yourself a vegetarian or vegan restaurant when you serve desserts that contain white processed sugar :(
4	Awesome unique place my boyfriend took me to and figured I would like it. I definitely loved the decor from all the antiques and vintage oddities, I absolutely loved the atmosphere it was great, I'm really glad he took me here...however the food we ended  up getting was pretty good, but since we arrived later on in the early afternoon they were sold out of most the menu which was awful, but the buffet we has was ok, but I definitely would love to go back again and try more options on the menu that we wanted to try.
5	This is a place I always come to knowing I will have an excellent time. Easily some of the best brunch in the city, and at a frankly insane price for all the offerings they have.Have coffee while you inevitably wait in the antique store that accompanies the restaurant - find weird porcelain figurines, dresses with the fiercest of shoulder pads, and practice your skills with an old etch-a-sketch while sitting on a couch that probably belonged to your grandmother.I typically go for the more breakfast-y options on the entree menu, and the only suitable word I can describe the pancakes as is dank - almond and lemon are memorable standouts. They do a lot of good things with the seitan and tofu dishes as well. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan but eating like this could maybe (not really) convert me.Most of the time I don't even have the stomach room for the pies/cakes by the end, but somehow I will find a way to taste something. I rarely leave this place without a well deserved stomach ache.It draws a variety of people, but definitely has a large clientele that likes to brag about how they come here every Sunday like they're racking up cool points. But it's absolutely unique and a must-go for anyone who likes hummus and peanut noodles.
3	I give the food 5 stars but the cleanliness and decor a 3. The place is an antique shop, but I use the word shop loosely. It looks like a very disorganized basement with junk. I have never seen anyone buy anything in here and frankly the place is so dirty that I'm not sure that you'd want to. I don't think that anything has ever been cleaned in there. Where you eat the food seems better, but I noticed a fly or two around some of the food. It is laid out in a home buffet style. I did notice one gross thing. Each table has its own placemats. I figured that between people they would change them...Nope! The hostess scratched the crumbs and such off the place mat and then seated other people there. Again, the place has great food but after waiting there for almost 30 minutes with the junk, I couldn't wait to leave.
5	So great!!! I'd been wanting to go for awhile, just based on the reviews and the tales that spoke of an all vegetarian brunch place with an antique store in the waiting area (my dream come true?). The Zenith lived up to every wild expectation I could have. They sat us fairly quickly considering we came during the busiest Sunday brunch time. Interestingly, we could've been sat immediately if we agreed to share a table with another couple who were regulars. The hostess explained some people love it, others would rather eat alone; personal preference! Excellent, attentive service. You order a main dish, which is accompanied by a buffet to the side with all the delicious side dishes you could want! Ridiculously quickly our server brought us out our entrees. I got the banana pancakes with syrup which was paired with an Indian tasting rice. Such an unusual, surprisingly perfect combination! I will admit the coffee was not good, but the rest more than made up for it!! I will absolutely be going on the regular.
5	One of the best places where one can enjoy brunch in Pittsburgh!To be honest, I'm not a big fan of brunch, mostly because I'm a guy and would like spend more time doing real fun stuff. But Zenith has never brought me this kind of feeling since going to Zenith is something FUN.No need to say to much about their food. Just wonderful.The real interesting things are their decorations as well as all kinds of antiques that fill up the entire place. A "must-go" in Pittsburgh!!
2	I had brunch with my girlfriends in this brunch place on a very cold winter day..... and the dishes of the brunch buffet were cold, too. The dessert, like cakes, was just too sweet and heavy..... I know lots of people love it, but maybe it is not for me. The only one good thing was that you can have hot coffee while you are waiting for a table in the shop.
5	My lady and I eat here on average at least once a month. Always delicious and I love the social aspect of being seated with strangers. Love the iced tea and the buffet. I wish the staff wore uniforms but other than that Zenith is awesome!
5	Great food at a great price.   I love wondering around the restaurant before and after eating and looking at all the cool old stuff.
4	I've actually been coming to zenith even before I moved to Pittsburgh (I've lived here since July 2013). For the most part, as long as you don't mind sharing a table with other customers, you can get seated reasonably fast. All of their buffet and entree food has been delicious. One thing I do not like is that not all their entrees are vegan even though everything on the buffet is. Prices have gone up over the past years, but I totally understand that. This is an awesome place for brunch to bring "out-of-towers" because not only is it a restaurant but also an antique shop.
5	Disclaimer: I'm an avid carnivorous meat lover.  And I still love zenith, despite it being vegetarian/vegan.  Walking into zenith, it's a thrift store filled with all sorts of curiosities.  Behind the store is the restaurant, with tables scattered between random antiques and oddities.  There's two parts to zenith: the main meal and the buffet.  The buffet has myriads of salads, pasta salads, different pastries, and desserts.  The main is your typical brunch menu.  I don't think I've had such tasty vegan food in my life.  The only struggle is figuring out how to portion yourself so that you can enjoy a little bit of everything.Pro tip: get there early- we lined up in front maybe 30 minutes before they opened and we still had to wait in line a bit.I feel like Pittsburgh has some random gems, and Zenith is definitely one of them.
5	As a meat-eater with a vegetarian sister and a vegan best friend, I often find myself searching for places that will satisfy both me and the ones I love. Let me tell you--Zenith is it! Best time to go is on Sunday mornings for their enormous brunch-y buffet!! Peanut sauce noodles, stuffed grape leaves, delicious green beans (how do they make them taste so good!??) and a huge assortment of cakes for dessert. You will not leave hungry! Just about everything is vegan and I do not miss the meat/dairy at all. All the food is full of flavor and truly tasty! The owner also get a special coffee blend from La Prima that is awesome. Did I mention this place is also an antique shop? As if it couldn't get any cooler, you can browse and peruse the extensive shop before or after you eat, or you can come in just to shop! I could easily spend a whole day in Zenith, shopping, eating, shopping again--and maybe then some more eating. Great place to take anyone who is looking for an out-of-the-box Pittsburgh experience.
4	Had brunch here a couple weeks ago with a friend visiting from out of town and my husband. It definitely had an interesting atmosphere and the food was pretty good, too. You get an entree and beverage, as well as access to a huge buffet. I do wish that they allowed doggy-bags though for the entree, or that you could opt for either the entree or the buffet, because my entree was so big that I barely touched the buffet. It's a bit hectic, so you'll want to get there about 10 minutes before it opens if you want to sit down right away. There were literally people lined up around the block! It's not a bad place to wait though - plenty of merchandise to check out and they also had live music the day I was there. My friend found a nice dress for cheap on our way out.
