1	Had an 11am appointment. I arrived 30 minutes early. I was not in a dentist chair until 11:45am and did not see a dentist until 12pm. If you don't value your time, this is the place for you.
1	If I could, I would give them zero stars. First off I was not provided the full service that was included in my Groupon.I paid to get an x-ray, basic cleaning, and consultation. I did not receive any cleaning whatsoever and they said I needed to get a deep clean which costs over $1500!!!! I called and asked them why I did not get my teeth cleaning they said I would have to get the deep cleaning BEFORE I got the basic cleaning (which the basic cleaning is all I wanted to get). Second of all, they were almost 30 mins late getting to my appointment!! I am NOT happy with this place and I will NEVER go here again.Don't waste your time and money on them!!
1	Terrible, told my brother he had 8 cavities and needed deep perio for ~ $1700. Ended up going to another dentist who charged 150 for the perio and said there were no cavities. Scammers!
1	STAY AWAY!!!I forgot to mention they also checked me and even though I had no cavities, they recommended $500+ of perio cleaning service since they charge by the quarter mouth. I recently went to a different dentist who after checking, is only charging me 30 for the cleaning and didn't mention any perio disease.
1	I'd give zero stars if I was able to. This was the filthiest most unprofessional dental office I've EVER been to. I called to schedule an emergency root canal. The women answering the phones in the front office confirmed they would be able to take care of me, in her words, "immediately upon my arrival". When I arrived I was blown away by the dirty waiting room, counters, restroom, and dental stations. After having me wait for OVER 3 HOURS I was called to the front desk only to wait for the woman to finish her text messaging and phone calls with multiple friends on her personal cell phone. 25 minutes later, once I interrupted her, she informed me that they did not in fact have any type of emergency services. Also, if I needed the root canal she would need $750 IN CASH at that very moment. Needless to say, I do not carry that kind of cash and was told they were not even able to help me that day anyways because they were "booked solid". I was livid. Left. and have never returned since. There are too many businesses out there to put up with this type of service, or lack there of.
