4	So so service, but great Indo-Chinese food!This place used to be a five star place when Fu owned it. He sold the place a few months ago to his former partner who now runs it. The food quality has gone down somewhat, but the quality of service has dropped significantly. Under Fu, you'd get a star treatment. He liked to talk to people and knew many of his regulars by first name. It's no longer the case.There's also a little bit of "nickel & dime" culture developing. They now charge extra for little things that used to come free of charge. Despite the shortcomings, the food is still topnotch. It is the best Indian Chinese food I've found in the U.S. I know that's a bold statement but it's true!The menu is solid with a variety of vegetable and tofu-based dishes. As a vegetarian, I find plenty there to try and enjoy.
4	An interesting place...not just because of its location..(it sits between a strip club, a "happy ending" massage joint, and an adult novelty store.....), but its the only place around here that serves this kind of food. Fu-Lin is nothing fancy...no special service either. Just a basic restaurant with a great choice of veg/non-veg Indochinese dishes. I have been going here since they opened and have figured out what I like. Man-chow soup is good, and a must order is the Dry Chili Panner. Usually that's all I get. The prices are reasonable. Check it out if your in the mood for something different.
4	Fu-Lin gets a solid 4 star rating because of the solid yummy food they serve.  Their menu will put a smile on any Indo-Chinese food lover......or just any good food lover.  My family has been here several times, and never had a single complaint.  The lunch portions are hefty and come with a choice of soup, the dinner portions are hefty too (but I think for the $12.95 price tag, they could put a little more food in the serving)  But dont get me wrong, you will be very full.  Lunch specials start at $5.95 all the way to $8.00.  Dinner starts at $8.95 (veg) to $12.95.Their vegetarian dishes are bar none.  I mean my sister who is a mean carnivore will eat any of the veggie dishes.  Appetizers are amazing too, I do recommend the chicken dumplings, and for the veggers out there, you can have their panner tikka or vegetable dumplings.  They have a lot of choices, so dont worry.  They also serve excellent noodle dishes, and a good Pad Thai (more Indianized than Thai)They serve halal certified meat, which is a blessing(no pun intended) cause unless a place serves halal meat Im forced to go with seafood or vegetarian, which isnt always my first choice cause I love me my chicken and beef.
4	Only Indian Chinese place in Charlotte...  The location is kinda iffy for a lot of people, next to a "movie" store and a "therapeutic massage" parlor.  I found it funny, but when I recommended it to a friend without mentioning it, he brought his ba and mother inlaw to the restaurant and was understandably upset the next day.  If you have kids, you might have a little explaining to do after walking from the parking lot into the restaurant, kids ask a lot of questions after that walk.    I would give it 5 stars, but they do lean a little more towards the Asian then the Indian, more so than other places in larger cities.  The lunch specials are a great deal, but I am rarely in that part of town at that time so most of my trips have been at night.  Try their dry paneer, there aren't many restaurants in Charlotte serving it.  The Manchurian and chili dishes are also good... The dumplings were so-so, but still not bad.  My mom is a veggie and she always wants to go here when she visits Charlotte, lots for her to choose from.
5	Two caveats: 1. I have little-to-no experience with Indo-Chinese and 2. Anywhere in Charlotte with more than 10 options for veggies gets an obligatory additional star.But. Seriously. Where have you been all my life, Manchurian Pakora? This dish has no Western equivalent. Frying shreds of veggies coated in chickpea flour to crisp dumpling-land, then drowning them in a savory, spicy gravy - smothered in bird's eye chilis - hot damn, that's heaven in a stainless steel wok. All the entrees are. Served in woks, that is, on small metal stands. Neat! So yeah, there's the blacked-out-window massage parlor, strip joint, and lingerie shop all within a stone's throw of Fu Lin, but hey, that's what I like to call East Charlotte Panache. It's ok. Rent, in this strip mall, is obviously low (Don Pedro's is a two second walk away from here, home of even frugaler, if not quite as delicious, eats). Means you can get a ton of tasty food for cheap - unless you're ordering a paneer dish, or something seafoody, most of your options are 9 bucks a pop. Soups are either 2 or 4 - the larger price is a huge bowl for two.The options for us veggies are endless. If it's not on the menu as vegetarian, and it's in any way possible to prepare it vegetarian, they'll make it for you. Guy was emphatic about the "made to order from scratch" concept. He also did an awesome job of explaining the differences in Manchurian rather than Chili preparations, how they spice things for various orders (ie, dried versus fresh chili), all that good stuff that you want to hear when you're an annoying, inquisitive, first-time partaker of any new cuisine. Lettuce wraps (on the menu why? Don't care, only place in CLT to get it with tofu) were just as I've had elsewhere, except no pine nuts. Still tasty. Nothing we ordered, meat or veg, failed to surpass expectations - but beware - medium spicy is not your typical medium. Had some crying peeps at the table by the end of the meal, including moi - but that's how I like it.
4	I just got back from lunch at Fu Lin.  They have the typical Chinese restaurant lunch menu where you get an entree, rice, and a soup for less than $6.However the food is much better.  The Indian influence isn't obvious in all of their dishes, but they do have certain items where it stands out.I started off with the Lentil soup, then had Manchurian Chicken with Jasmine rice.  The flavor of the food is great.  The serving size filled me up for sure.Basically you get good food for a great value.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte - The food is always great and made just how you want it. We order the American chop suey and Manchurian pakora. Also, the chili paneer in garlic sauce is awesome. The service is spotty; sometimes it does take a while to get your water or even the lone waiter's attention but they are more than willing to cater to your needs. Once a dish we ordered wasnt cooked properly and we informed the waiter that this isn't how it usually tastes. He promptly took it back to the kitchen and also the owner of the establishment came to our table to make sure everything was ok.  Don't let it's location fool you! It is beside a tattoo parlor and an adult novelty store. Not the best of locations but once inside, it's nothing but a great restaurant with great food.
4	My first visit to this wonderful little Asian Restaurant. Yes it is close to one of Charlotte's Strip Joints. As a matter of fact one of their off duty girls came in an ordered carry out. Not to worry the place is clean, nicely decorated, and the clientele that I saw both dine in and carry out seem to be very upscale. Well Yelp, you have done it again!  I got here because of recommendations of other yelpers this very night in a discussion of Chinese restaurants.  The owner Lin and my waiter Brian were very friendly, helpful, and professional.  Lin I found out is Chinese and grew up in India.   I urged Lin to come on to this Web Site and provide us with a Web link with menu's. I love the feeling when you go into a new place and wish that you could order several entrees because of the smell, the menu and excited anticipation of the meal to come.  In this case a wonderful Thai Basil Chicken.  It comes to the table with a large portion of rice and is sizzling hot in it's own little wok.  I discussed my spicy preferences and man did they nail it.  Perfect! a wonderful  spicy basil chicken dish not quite Chinese not quiet Thai.  The vegetables were cooked perfectly and the whole dish sang  a great chorus.  As I finished up I called my friends and ask them to join me here tomorrow night. I can't wait to try Linn's recommendation of Mongolian Paneer. Check it out!  Indo Chinese Fusion!
4	Best fusion restaurant in Charlotte - dont mind the locale.Always greeted with a warm welcome everytime I've gone here.  The staff practically know my order before I even sit down.  If the owner is around, he stops by tables to check on things and takes his time making suggestions and even customizing orders if you're not sure what to get.Mongolian Paneer - simply amazing.   Slighly crispy outside with with the perfect amount of mongolian sauce all around mixed with fresh veggies!  You can even tell them if you want them to go heavy or light on the sauce/curry.  I've tried very hard in attempting to order something different everytime I go, but without any luck.  It tastes so good, I just cant stray!  I've sampled a few of the other dishes but only when I've gone with large groups!Love the presentation of each cook to order dish - served in what looks like a mini-wok with the dish still sizzling.  Be sure to order the vegetarian lentil soup as an appetizer.  Fantastic flavors and a fresh batch made daily.
4	I demand a recount!  Just like Annie W. I too ordered the wrong item. But you know what?  I still love this crazy restaurant and I can't wait to return and order correctly. Because even though I ordered battered fried chicken swimming in gravy, (should have ordered it dry, how was I supposed to know?)  I appreciated the heat and I loved the lentil soup that was served before my lunch and my lunch was only $6.50. Hells yeah. The man at the counter was really pleasant too.  Let's get a group and go order EVERYTHING! A UYE Indo Chinese with training wheel session. Please and thank you.
4	As you pull into the parking lot, it is not for the reason you expect - we will not be stopping at the Crazy Horse.  At least, not initially.  If you want to later, that is entirely up to you (eyes on you, Jay R.).Know in advance that this little strip mall tucked along Independence Boulevard has seen better days.  At least, I assume they have, because they sure don't look too hot now.  Ten years (give or take) ago, you could have at least found a T.G.I. Friday's in the middle of the lot.  Now it is a boarded up husk.  Not even furniture outlet stores will dare to make their way inside.  Not legally anyway.  If you see someone there, you might want to keep going.Then there was the Rock & Roll Emporium, sort of a mom-and-pop version of Spencer Gifts that did quasi-illicit piercings in the back room.  Not terribly sanitary, but that does take the fun out of it, right?  Then there was Seven Doors Down, which was not a band, but a lingerie/adult gift shop, that was actually run by said mom and pop, and started seven doors down from the emporium.  Even a really bad little pizza buffet, now (thankfully) gone as well.These days you just have the Crazy Horse, what appears to be a Happy Endings Massage Parlor down the way (hmm... now we know why we get so many visitors from Northern California!), Don Pedro for Mexican and Fu Lin.  I think the Laser Quest may even have closed by now.But that's okay, because Fu Lin is indeed a gem.  Their menu is not only impressive for vegetarian offerings, as Julia S. has mentioned, it is, in fact, impressive on just about every offering.  Even the Cheesecake Factory may come to them for menu advice.Now I am no expert on either Indo-Chinese or vegetarian fare.  But I do like to eat.  And the food that we ordered up here was awfully tasty and some dishes come served in the coolest little steel woks to boot.  Talk about awesome.  The service wasn't exactly speedy, even though we were among the only people in the place (thus the lack of star #5).  But it is well worth a trek to the seedy side of town.  Slip through the dark side and cross that line when you get a chance.
4	Fu lin is named after its 2 founding members - a little unknown trivia about the restaurant. The partnership has since broken and Frank now runs the place - he's the middle ages Asian person who greets you at the restaurant.The restaurant is known for its Indo Chinese cuisine. If you like spicy Indian or Chinese food, you'll be happy dining here. The manchow soup is excellent - I typically get the noodles on the side instead of in the soup as they usually serve. I absolutely love the Indian style curry chicken, but have tried most other dishes and they are all decent to good.2 things I don't like so much about this place - 1) Location - pretty detached from everywhere. Lots of businesses came up there when the arena opened there, but since its departure, the whole neighborhood has died.2) Wait staff - not a talented bunch, but if you're clear and a little patient, you'll be fine.
4	Delicious food served hot and fast at great prices!  I had the General Tso's Tofu for my first trip...(this is so I could compare it to other places)AWESOME is the word that comes to mind.My ONLY complaint about this place is the location!  Not the best part of town (and was that a stripper place two doors down?  OMG).Don't let that bother you though....just use common sense when you visit this place...It is a MUST VISIT.
4	Mouth-on-fire should be its name! Wowzers, the food was spicy and delicious! As much as my forehead was perspiring, I could not stop taking another bite!We ordered the Szechuan veggies and a Darjeeling noodle dish. Both were extremely flavorful...and yes, their spice measure is hotter. If you tend to like the typical "medium" spice level, go "mild" here. Not kidding.Nice space, sketchy strip mall, but makes for a good outting.
3	I was (b)witchy-hungry by the time I hit up Fu Lin for a late lunch, and they didn't disappoint! Fast service, really friendly waiter, the owner came through to check on our meal, and the pakoras? Yeeeaaahhhh. Spicy, crispy, yummy, veggie balls served with lime and a light, sweet sauce. I could eat my way out of a vat of these.The neighborhood isn't the crack-riddled red light district some yelpers made it out to be, either. If you're scared, bring your momma with you--she'll love the lunch specials and bright, clean dining room. And you'll be too caught up in gastronomic rapture worry about Crazy Horse dancers coming through for take out. They've gotta eat, too.
3	Three and a half. I'll probably raise it after I try some more dishes.It's really confusing, they call the cuisine indo-chinese but that really would mean Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia. It's not, the cuisine is Chinese or Indian or Thai or Chinese with Indian spices. All the customers but me were Indian, I think a good description would be that this is a Chinese restaurant who caters to Indian tastes. I had Singapore fried rice with tandoori spices and it was exactly that. I told the waiter to bring as spicy as he himself eats it and he did. Boy that cleared my sinuses LOL! It was very very good and there was so much of it that I brought half home. Very very good but short of excellent. The hot and sour soup was better than the usual, for once I ate the whole bowl, I usually quit halfway. The spring roll was beh. Oh and it's cheap. I'll go back soon to try something else and update the review
3	The place was really busy tonight. I was the only customer who wasn't from India or Tibet or .. it looked like the streets of London, LOL. I asked the waiter for advice he said everyone likes the Manchurian chicken, I said ok. It was tasty, a little sweet, a little spicy and a little minty, but although there was a generous amount of chicken tenders, there was no veggies or anything else than rice. I guess it's ok if you share and also order a vegetarian dish but I/m not too keen on eating a mound of chicken bits.
4	I live right by this restaurant and for half a year I was driving right by one of the skeezy strip mall treasures. After my first time there they haven't been able to keep my family away. My one year old daughter loves it just as much as my husband and I. Best Crab Ragoon i've had since living in Charlotte for 3 years. Classic pad thai and delicious General Tso's Chicken, so much flavor and the right amount of heat. Their sweet and sour chicken is delicious and not too sweet. My husband is a vegetarian and tries something new every time we go there(we try to go once a week) and has never been disappointed.
2	Pros:Food and presentation was great. I asked for spicy and it was just the right amount of spicy, nearing uncomfortable but still very comfortable.The vibe in the restaurant was cool. It still felt like a Mom and pop, but not run down at all.Cons:15% gratuity was added for a party of two, without forewarning. Miscommunication with the server led to purchasing $2 of rice after it was said to be included.
2	Just when I was going to raise the rating to 4 stars!We had two soups to start, the Tom yum was unusual as everything here is (peas, carrots, tomato base ) but pretty good. The "Indian style" red curry was more Thai Panang than anything else, again tasty but hard to define, not Indian in any case  and the Manchurian dry rubbed vegetable Pakura was killer! Never tasted anything quite like it and delish as well. Then the cocky little waiter slips me a check with a 15% service charge (after tax!) printed on it without mentioning this.  They take off with my credit card and come back with a receipt for the same amount but showing $0 for service. The waiter then hovered around us, asking time and again if we enjoyed the meal thinking I was going to leave another 20% on top of it. I guess they probably suckered me on my previous visits, and the bill had been small enough that I hadn't noticed it before. I wrote in another buck for tip just to make it clear that I knew what was going on. The waiter got very quiet when he saw that. Way to go.
5	It's hard to find really good Indian-Chinese fusion restaurants.  But Fu Lin may end your search.  Their chinese paneer dishes are excellent which is the most important thing to me :)  I highly recommend the Kung Pao Paneer. The food is quite spicy even if you order it at "medium" so keep that in mind.  The service is also really good.Overall I was very pleased with the experience.
3	Food tastes good without any second thought but little more oil but Price sucks.  Cons : Except week days lunch, all the menu items are more price.Total cost = Menu price  + 8.5% tax + 15% service tax...... :(I decided not to go on week ends as they are too pricey :(
5	This place is great! I suggest ordering the chicken lettuce wraps and the honey chicken...delish
2	The food is good BUT BEWARE of the conniving ways they use to get more money out your visit.First, when the bill is brought to you there will be a service charge of 15% added to your check, after tax, even if there is only one or two in your party. This is NOT disclosed on the menu or anywhere else in the establishment. And, if you pay by credit card, the customer copy nor the merchant copy will reflect that they have included this "service fee" Second, I knew of this little scheme when I visited there so I was prepared and gave the additional "tip" as cash. But, lo and behold, when I received my credit card statement they had added an additional amount to my bill AFTER I left. I called to question and was told that if the tip is not adequate they add more!! WHAT???? When I told him I left the tip on the table he said he didn't know that but "now you know how we do things." I have filed a complaint with the BBB. I hope this review will make others more attentive to their bill and credit card statements.
3	It was ok.  Food was good.  You probably would be disappointed if you were going on a date or a romantic night.
1	We went there for dinner. Ordered chicken65 and my piece had some white thread like things stuck to the skin... 65 tasted more like fried chicken....We returned the dish. Ordered American Chopsuey and the chicken was smelling. Returned that as well. Manager said that's coz it is brown ckn.... I will never return there!!!!But thankfully the Manager was very cordial. He took all our dishes back and didn't protest.I was there almost a year ago and the food was amazing. I hope they get it back to its original standard.....
5	I've been going here for years now. The great flavors and choices in food are and always have been consistently great. Whenever I introduce people to Fu Lin they love it and come back for more.
1	Went to have lunch today coz some friends suggested that it was good a while ago. Asked the guy at front if he would be kind enough to switch the AC on such a hot day. He did not think so. Ordered a fried rice, chicken lollypop and chilli chicken. And then w/o thinking and having a mental image of how a good indo-chinese food would be, ordered 2 fried rice and chilli chicken to-go for my friends.When the dishes came back, my wife was furious at me....no wonder...who would order to go w/o trying out the restaurant first.The fried rice cannot be more horrible than this, we called the waiter and asked if he could stop the togo....it was too late. The chicken was old stock and smelly.We gave the feedback to the waiter and the manager or owner not sure who he was came to us and demanded to know what was wrong. I said i did not like it and did not feel tasty. He says....i need to know what is wrong.....then i just told him to forget it and get me the check.He offered to take it back and redo it, it came back with some spice and more oil. I just had to just split at the time to make sure i dont do anything stupid...He made sure that i was billed for everything. I just paid and left.Never going back again and strongly recommending not to go- Bad, old food- Poor air circulation/ AC - even the cooks sweat- Very bad customer service
4	My husband and I love Indo-Chinese food.  I am a vegetarian and he is not.  This place had a lot of veggie options, so it definitely gets a star added for that.  The service was great, too.  We had General Tso's tofu and Vegetable Manchurian with sauce, both medium spicy.  And it was perfectly medium spicy to us.  We both enjoyed the tofu the best.  Very good flavor and the tofu was well prepared.  And it's not that we didn't like the vegetable manchurian; it was good too...we just have a favorite at a place in NJ and so we compare everything to that.  The next time we are craving Indo-Chinese cuisine, we will pay a visit to Fu Lin.
3	The cocky waiter is gone so I'm restoring the 3 star rating. My favorite flavor here is the dry-rubbed Pakora (pic #7)I find the individual dishes a bit limited to make for a satisfying meal on their own, for that reason I think the food here works best when you're with friends and everyone shares.
4	The food is fusion Chinese and Indian and it's full of taste. It could be spicy for some ppl but the taste is worthy it
4	Loved this place! Our waiter was great, very kind and knowledgable. We had never tried "indo-Chinese" and he gave us the rundown. He suggested the pan fried noodles and they were delicious. Will definitely be back for more!
4	For a while I've been trying to find a place in the Charlotte area that has good Indo-Chinese. Then I found one, up in Cornelius, which was quite a drive. Then I found THIS, and now I'm happy.So one of the reasons you should go here for all your Indo-Chinese cravings, the owner Lin, is an Indian born Chinese and lived in India most of his life. Which guarantees authenticity. Yes, stay away from all those Indian restaurants that claim to have Indo-Chinese on their menu (I'm looking at you, South Indian restaurants), and stick to real Indo-Chinese.We ordered the chicken lollipop appetizers (that's the Indo-Chinese version of wings) and it was yummy. Perfectly marinated and fried, without any artificial food colors. For the entree we ordered the Mongolian Paneer (which is slightly sweet since it's cooked in a plum sauce) and Chicken Manchurian (battered and deep fried pieces of chicken in a soy sauce, garlic and cilantro based gravy). Both hit the spot.I was a little disappointed with the service though. We had to ask for water twice, and service was pretty slow. Even though they were not busy (only two other tables were occupied) they still took forever to bring our check. Maybe they were just understaffed that day and it's not a usual thing. Hopefully our next visit will be better in terms of service and I can update my review accordingly.
5	Indian/Chinese ...... A very special kind of Chinese food! We are so happy to find this great place! Mr.Lin is wonderful and so accomodating of gluten free diets . Bringing all our Indian friends here, because everyone need a to eat here at least once!!
5	What a gem. LOVE this place. I daydream about the Manchow soup. Everything I haven tried is fantastic. I like that you choose the level of spice you want- from mild to extra spicy with pretty much every meal. It has a large and diverse menu and I have yet to try something I didn't like. The guy that runs it is very knowledgeable and great with suggestions. Once you try it- you'll be hooked forever.
1	Over priced and just not that good. Don't waste your money.
1	My boyfriend and I were on the mood for Chinese so we decided to give this place a try and ordered takeout since we saw good ratings. We got there and the person at the desk didn't seem all that friendly. She even seemed like she didn't like her job nor want to be there. The guy came out and I felt like he was rushing us while we were looking at the menu as contemplating what to get. We finally ordered beef lo mein and sesame chicken. The food was quickly made so I give them points for that. We got home and opened our selections. When I first saw the lo mein, I had the initial reaction that it didn't look promising at all but we gave it a try any ways. The noodles tasted overcooked and there was hardly any flavor to them. The beef was also tough and chewy. We moved on to the sesame chicken, which looked a bit more promising. The chicken was well cooked but the flavor still wasn't all there. Overall, the sesame chicken was alright. I don't believe we'll be back there any time soon.
4	Great food always hot and clean place would recommend also spicy chart is awesome that's if you like hot hot$$
3	Good food  always hot and best of all $5.50 lunch special.Owner is great he gave soda for free
1	I order for my employee's he put too much broccoli and not enough shrimp he needs yo be fair  not much happy
5	This place had great food and ridiculously cheap. I think it would do better in a different location where people appreciate Indo-Chinese cooking. It has a great vegetarian selection. The food is on the spicy side so "mild" here is "spicy" at any other Chinese restaurant.  If you order spicy or extra spicy plan on a painful experience.
2	Be careful, 15% gratuity will be added to the check without forewarning.The server and staff that we encountered seemed not to be trained in the art of serving.
