5	I was deeply sadden when the world lost one of the greatest dive bars with the closing of The Great Escape. BUT The Little Woody instantly shot into my top 3 favorite bars in the city. Tyler, the GM, has created an amazing "dive" bar with unique features that include an open beam ceiling, wood log walls, rustic wood tables, and and very homey lodge atmosphere. You would never notice LW's as you drive by, which makes it such a cool place, but if you do notice it, you should stop in and grab a drink. Tyler and Kristy made me feel so comfortable and were extremely friendly to me and my friend. I will def be returning with jumps of joy!
5	I would definitely not classify The Little Woody as a dive bar... what has replaced the former dive Great Escape is a very cozy drinking bar with a casual vibe. This is definitely the kind of place you could disappear for a few hours, or say an afternoon, and not know whether the sun is up or down as you stumble out the door and back into reality.BOTTOM LINE: I've got a bar stool here. Already.
5	Great pub!!!!!! Love it and the fact that the Vig Rig gets you home
4	Well the first time I came to this location it's was the trusty ol' Great Escape and that was definitely a DIVE a legit "hole in the wall" ha! However it's is now an upscale/urban bar hangout. It's super cozy and it brings in  21-35 age group. I loved the music and decor. You are literally surrounded by logs. And the bar is perfect super old school and the bar staff are awesome. The only criticism I have is that the seatting is awkward and I wish there was a patio but I know because of the location there are legal issues.All in all, I will definitely go back I live walking distance from it so its the perfect  for me,the boyfriend and friends to add this place to our bar bike tour ;)
5	This is a great bar.  Drinks are well made, the bartenders are friendly and the atmosphere is great.  Perfect Neighborhood bar to have one last drink before calling it a night.
5	look for it, look for it... wait turn around.... you found it.  Now go in and enjoy... THANK YOU Tucker, Kevin - drinks were great! First timer here and already have plans to come back on Saturday. Walls are lined with cross-sectioned logs, place has an over all rustic feel. Glowing red bar adds some fun.  Definitely deserves a few returns.
4	Great little lounge!  The Little Woody is a small place, no signage from the street.  The entrance is from the back by the parking lot.  There are just a few tables, a bar, a community table and some booths.  However, in true Vig form, the styling is second to none!  It's dark, homey, funky but with an understated sophistication.The food is good.  We had a mushroom, truffle flatbread - excellent, arugula salad - good, beef and brie sandwich - very good.  A few cocktails and a few glasses of wine.  The service was excellent.  And (this is a big deal for me) parking was plentiful.My only complaint was that the wine list was kinda sparse.  I'm not a big drinker, so it matters to me.However, we'll be back - and we'll bring friends!
4	Great little bar.  I had the hard wood cocktail which is made with Jamesons and was very good.  Scored a great seat on one of the couches which was really nice.
1	It's a dive bar redone in wood. Big deal. Cute, maybe. The service is horrible. The alcohol selection stinks. Bartenders with major attitude. God forbid they have to walk out from behind the bar before a server gets there. I guess we weren't drunk enough to see the 5 glowing stars everyone else does. Blah...
5	It is indeed little and also very woody. Cool spot. Bottoms up!
5	Since its remodel of Great Escape I don't have to worry about coming in here and getting a staff infection anymore. Super dark and sexy. Reminds me of a 1980's Ski Lodge/Coke Den. Bad ass bartenders, beers, and cocktails. A great watering hole and an excellent addition to the neighborhood. (Ask Kevin what his favorite 3 things are.)
2	It's funny what a difference a couple years, and some positive buzz, can make. This place has gone from a quiet little neighborhood haunt to a hangout for Jersey shore rejects looking for a fight to a trendy hotspot - all while remaining essentially the same.Nothing extraordinary in the way of decor, selection or service - but popular, so if  that's your thing enjoy it while you can - who knows what it will be in another year.
4	Went here last night for the first time with a group of 6 people for the start of a birthday celebration. This place is probably not the place you want to go with a large group of people, but they were very accommodating for us even though they were very busy. We just had a couple rounds of drinks here. I tried their Manhattan and a couple of their signature drinks...one was fairly good (I just had a sip because it was someone else's drink and then my drink the tongue in something or another...it was strawberry with cranberry and some other things...it was not my fave. Prices were a bit high, but I did enjoy the atmosphere of this bar. I would probably come back.
4	This is that place that I don't want to write a review for because more and more people will discover it! Here's the thing...I LOVE The Little Woody. I love the drinks, the decor, the hidden "hide-out" feeling, and the staff. My go-to drinks are the Sassafrass, the Arizona Mule, and the Tongue and Groove. I never go wrong with those three!Unfortunately, the crowd here gets a little obnoxious for my taste. There are a few televisions around so at times the bar will be absolutely packed with screaming sports fans. If you go inside, you'll see that it's not the type of place you expect to see packed with screaming sports fans. Nor do you want it to be.This would definitely be a 5-star frequent hang-out if so many other people didn't love this place too. Even if it was a more chill crowd that frequented The Little Woody I'd be more tolerant.
4	This is a great new addition to the Arcadia neighborhood; a nice little spot that's just a plain bar without all of the douchebaggery of the Vig, but doesn't exude the melancholy sadness of professional alcoholism like Darwin's or its predecessor, The Great Escape. Between the whiskey flights and constantly rotating taps, there's always something interesting to try, or you could always stick with the The Codger: a shot of Old Grand-Dad and a can of Old Style for five bucks.
4	K: It's right there!Me: Where?! K: There, you just passed it make a U turn and go back. ...No you just passed it..We finally made it no thanks to my navigation skills, well this place is admittedly kind of hidden and unassuming from the street. That is fine with me , I would like to keep this little treasure my secret, now that I have found it.  When you walk to the door you almost expect to do some sort of secret knock to get in.  The vibe and ambiance can fit almost any occasion from a casual drink with friends, a romantic date night or a night out solo to belly up to the bar, make new friends and chat up the bartenders. The staff are friendly and attentive, their menu is simple but unique.  They have tempting pub food options worthy of a quality gastropub and offer a full-bar but I highly recommend trying any one of their signature drinks on the menu.  I can't wait to go back...
4	What a great little bar, this will be another Arcadia success story. However, I don't like having to leave my drink inside just to go for a smoke. A tiny patio in the back with a table or two for drinks would be fine.
3	And breeeaaathe in (a little)....The (woody) smell! Huzzah!It's hip, it's unmarked, it's lined with real wood, there's forgiving lighting, and a long, narrow arrangement of high tops, booths and upholstered seating... you may just have stumbled through a wrinkle into some mid-western time and space is all. We've had good service, and okay service. We've been when it's quietly populated, and full of busloads of revelers or scads of out-of-town bachelors. You just never know what you'll find behind that fire door off the parking lot. Look for the candles. Come ready to lounge. Order a signature cocktail, or ask the bartender to make something up. Don't let your buddy have that fifteenth rum and coke. Remember the bathrooms are very small. And become a bookie with a little known quote or a sketch as you pay your tab. You'll be glad you came!
3	This is a really cute non-scene place perfect for a casual drink. I can't quite recommend the food as it wasn't available. I say this while trying not to shout out "moronic service" based on my experience tonight. Thanks to the magic of Instagram I know we arrived at 10:15PM. After taking our drink order our server stopped by twice and inquired if we had any questions about the menu. At 10:25 I was unable to place an order as "the kitchen closed at 10PM".Um, ok?Either the kid doesn't own a watch or is in la la land. Another ding for not asking if we wanted another round the 2nd time he stopped by...and only asking when we had money piled on the table as we were clearly ready to leave. Bummer of a disappointment.
3	I accidentally posted my check-in here on facebook and subjected myself to about two hours of ridicule for hanging out at a place called The Little Woody. I like it here because there is no signage from the street. Once you park in the lot and enter through the back door you'll find yourself in a pretty small, low lit bar. The walls are adorned with wooden logs, hence the name. Keeping with the tradition of The Vig and The Vig uptown, the place has a cool vibe and they play good music. When i got there it was standing room only, so despite the obscurity from the front, a lot of people know about it. There is communal long table in the center, some booths and another area with some couches to lounge.This would be a great place to come on a double date or a small group of friends and cozy up in one of the booths and have a few cocktails or beers. I can't wait until winter because it will be a great place to hit when it's chilly outside.
4	Great cocktails, not too pricey. I like the wood walls, though I don't think the exposed ceiling is ideal. The space is all hard surfaces, so if you go during popular hours, it is very loud. There are several booths, a couple of seating areas, bar seats, and a long table. Not much standing room. I recommend going on a Sun-Thurs or earlier on a Fri/Sat. Nice little place!
4	Decided to check this spot out with a group of friends on Saturday and what a cool little bar! It's super tiny, like you could drive past it in a nano-second. The interior decorations are pretty sweet. They have this like wood wallpaper all around the place, super man-cave worthy. They have tons of silly named drinks on the menu, but I stuck with beer. The bar is super small, but the service was great and the people watching even better. it's a cool spot to jsut catch a drink and not worry about the outside world for a bit. All in all, cool little bar that I'm sure I'll make my way back to when I'm in the area.
4	Met up with a friend and a group to share some drinks and laugh.  LOVE the feel and atmosphere.   Its an eclectic mix of classic and modern cocktails with good service and seating.  I will have to say that without a sign out in front, this place is wicked difficult to find unless you have a veteran of the area familiar with the bar already.  Look for the RED lights is my advice at the entrance of the bar. I kind of view it as a stone you're glad you turned over.  Bring some friends and have a wonderful time!
5	Love this bar! I used to go here when it was a super-dive a couple of years back. It's amazing what they have done with the place!Went there on a Saturday night - wasn't too busy but had a good amount of people there. Was very happy to see at least one awesome bar that has reasonably priced cocktails. Definitely going back :)
5	My favorite bar in Phoenix, hands down. Great ambiance, craft beers, great bourbon selection, The bartenders really make the difference though.  They are super friendly and remembered my name after one visit. I feel like Norm walking into Cheers there. Oh yeah, and there's skee ball!  For real.
5	You guys have no idea how long I debated whether or not to leave a review for Little Woody. It was pretty much a goal of mine to keep it as secret for as long as I possibly could, mostly because the place isn't that big, I live across the street, and I appreciate at least a foot of personal space.  Welp, that foot of personal space is almost gone now so I figure it's about the time to profess my love for this not-really-a-dive bar, especially since they just added the most AMAZING back room a bar has EVER had.Seriously, I could set up a cot, eat, drink, and sleep in that back room and have absolutely no problems in life. They have shuffleboard, darts, and SkeeBall! Really, what more can you ask for?  In my original review of The Great Escape (R.I.P., gone but not forgotten), I concluded with "If they had shuffleboard, I'd bump them up to 5 stars"...Little Woody did me one better and got shuffle board while simultaneously getting rid of that weird old person basement smell the place used to have (and replacing it with the lovely smell of wood).  What really makes this bar though is that everyone is seriously so freaking friendly. Once a guy asked me to punch him in the stomach...SUPER friendly because I love punching people.  Another time we sat down at a random table and played a game of RCL with a group of complete strangers, obviously awesome.  One stranger let me play with his iPhone 5 the day it came out just because I noticed it. I've only been mean-mugged like once and those girls clearly got lost looking for Mint, so that's not the Wood's fault.All in all, I love this bar, I can now loudly declare that I love this bar, and if you want to come and be cool and love this bar with me you can. Just leave the mean-mugging in Old Town.
5	Great place, great staff, great drinks! Just hope it doesn't get to popular! And glad to see they are adding a game room!
5	During my great Phoenix booze search in the fall of  2012, I turned to my trusty Yelp friends on Talk and proposed the question: Where is the best place to go for a good selection of whiskeys at a decent price. I got many useful responses, but Marsella M. hit the nail right on the head when she suggested The Little Woody. I never heard of the place and it was close to my home so I was intrigued. I checked it out one night after work and had some trouble finding the place since there are no signs. I figured out where it was when I saw the neon owl in the window. As you walk up to the door you don't know what to expect and it feels like you are going into the back entrance of a restaurant. Upon opening the door though, you are immediately greeted by a cool relaxed lounge, perfectly decorated and welcoming. This is an all around great bar and I might rank it as my favorite in Phoenix now. It has all the elements to make it a great place for a drink and some food.1) It's hidden, so you have to be in the know to find it.2) Great bartenders, drinks, and specials3) Very cool and modern decor4) There are two separate rooms, each with a different vibe. The main room with the bar has couches, a long high top, and booths. The back room has some great games, including skee ball, darts, foosball table, and I think a pinball machine. Great overall set up for whatever you're in the mood to do.Also...Plenty of whiskey flights to choose from. On Mondays they get new drinks for the patrons to try out. Lots of Four Peaks beers. Their house special is called The Codger: $5 for a can of Old Style and a shot of Old Grand Dad. This place had the Review of the Day yesterday on Yelp, so it seems the secret is out and I'm sure more and more people will start flocking to Phoenix's best secret bar. Ya know what, this place stinks. Don't go here ever...unless you already do, then you can still go. Otherwise, it isn't worth your time. Seriously. Just go to Buffalo Wild Wings.
4	Just revisited and was stoked to find out that they've expanded the building to now include *dramatic drum roll* a seperate gaming room!  Was totally stoked to find this out.  It only adds to allure of the bar and keeps the good times rolling literally!  They've got a foosball table, darts, rollerball and shuffleboard!  No idea when they put it in but from the last time I was there it wasn't part of it and now that I know I'll be spreading the good word!  Had a few cocktails and the signatures were spot on but some of the other traditional cocktails we're something more to desire but the beer selection definately made up for it.
4	Fun neighborhood bar, with a new backroom filled with fun games such as skeeball!
4	What a great spot! Good cocktail and beer selection, surprisingly good food for a bar, and a great staff. The decor and atmosphere are cool, the crowd is diverse, it's a good place to meet people, and a fun place to go with your friends. It gets crowded late night and they have opened up a great game room for a casual hang. This will be a regular spot for me. I'm a big beer drinker but I'm hooked on the AZ Mule and the turkey cranberry sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!
4	This is a great bar.. it was not at all what I expected, but this is a great bar. So, I expected more of a club feeling and less of a dive bar when I walked in through the door in the back that offers no marking of being the main entrance that it is. So, in I went and sat at the bar.. ordering drinks that were more expensive than I expected. But the bartenders was nice and very good, attentive and effective.The longer I sat in the bar, the nicer and more crowded the place became.. and when I left, quite overserved, the place had risen like a Fenix from a dive to a small, intimate little night club.. and I say this with respect. I did not expect this at all. Nor what I walked into, nor what I walked out from. While at the bar, getting served like a pro.. I discovered what many others has discovered before me, this tasty sneak attack called the Moscow Mule. Vodka hidden behind mint and ginger beer.. awesome. So, visit The Little Woody.. and when you see the eyes on the building, its there. .. und das ist nach der Kritiker
5	Going to Little Woody is like having an exciting secret affair? You don't want everyone to know about it, but it's so much fun you don't want to deny yourself of the pleasure!The little woody its a hole in the wall, little neighborhood bar that everyone in the hood knows about despite the fact there is no signage outside the lit up cartoon eyes in the front window and no main street parking!
4	Great little spot and delicious Arizona Mules! :)  There is also a back room that has skeeball and shuffleboard.  It's fun to play against new friends and the loser gets to buy a round of shots!
4	Skee Ball, Shuffleboard, Darts, Foosball, board games, etch-a-sketch and a neighborhood feel.  Always a good time at the Little Woody.  The only complaint I have about this joint is the overwhelming sulfuric scent emanating from the women's bathroom in the front of the bar.  Not sure if this is like this always but the last few times I've been here it was almost enough to make me ralph.
4	Great, friendly bartenders. Lots of fun bar games. Reasonably priced drinks. I'm in!My only complaint is The Little Woody doesn't have a smoking patio, as in you have to leave your drink inside to step outside for a cig.
4	Had some after office drinks with some coworker there last night. Finding the place is half the fun. Once you are there, that's the other half. We pretty much took up the back room. From the sounds, everyone was enjoying thier drinks and the atmosphere. Don't let the out side fool you, go in and check this place out.
1	Kristi is a real joy... I love getting 0% service and be completely ignored when trying to order a drink. Unless I am one of her ass-kissing regulars. And it's happened countless times.
5	From the outside The Little Woody looks like a hole in the wall dive bar. Once you go inside, however, it turns into a trendy neighborhood bar with great drinks, a great atmosphere and best of all Skeeball! They also have Shuffleboard, Foosball, Darts and some board games. This place just has a great neighborhood feel. I have not had their food but my boyfriend says they have great paninis!
5	Loved everything about it.  Arizona Mule, atmosphere, skeeball.  Refreshingly free of Scottsdale douches.
5	Great bar games, a cool vibe and they have Templeton Rye. What's not to like?
4	Fun joint!   Its a hole in the wall with a fashionable twist.  The people who camer here the night I was there were hipsters who were more into caual and convo than a club or a dark sports bar.People were pretty friendly (wish there had been more chill couches to hang ou t in) and loved the skee ball!!  Spent at least an hour playing- so cool to have it at the bar.
4	Fun little bar in the Arcadia area. I finally made it here after hearing rave reviews and it's a very cool spot. They have decent beer on tap and creative fun cocktails. Sitting around drinking can get a little boring, so I was happy to play some of their games like Jenga. They also have a game room with two of my favorite games with shuffleboard and skeeball! Skeeball in a bar!!! A few negatives: - The service can be very slow, seems like they might be understaffed, it's better to order from the bartender. - The hummus tasted like paste, maybe this isn't the place to order food? I haven't tried anything else yet.
4	HA ha ha HA haHA ha ha HA hahe he he he he he he he he.......(Woody Woodpecker)For those of you old enough to know the Woody Woodpecker this place is a like an homage to the character.   The only way you'll find this gem is by catching the eyes of the woodpecker off Indian School Rd.At first sight you wouldn't think much of this place from the outside.  Once you enter it's a nice cozy chill atmosphere.  I'm glad this place is here far from the party scene of S. Scottsdale.  Everyone seems pretty relaxed and open.  They're not here to impress anyone; they're here to have a good time.  The place in general is covered in "wood" and has a cabin look.  Thus, the "woody" part makes sense.  Moving, past the main doors and towards the back and going West of the building is the game room.  Tad bit odd for a lounge, but totally awesome.  Shuffle boards, skeet ball and darts in the back room while you have a drink with your best buds in case you didn't want to just sit around at the bar.  The large LCD TVs shows the game of the night while you sit back and enjoy. The Woody also serves up some cozy comfort food.  My buddy and I ordered the tomato soup with grilled cheese sandwich.  I wasn't too awed about the sandwich, but the toast on it made sense to my palate as I dipped it into the roasted tomato soup.  The soup was delicious!  I pounded it down with a couple of drinks and my night was complete! - Enjoy!
5	You know what I love about this bar? No bull shit from the bartenders. They see a face in their domain, they immediately appear and take your order. Even when the place is packed. I like it. Ok, and the fact that beer is five bucks doesn't hurt.This is a good place to start, spend and end an evening. I've now had the pleasure of doing all of above on different nights of the week. As a side note. the owners are great about lining up cabs when the place closes down. There wasn't a need to wait a long time for any of us (ahem) who needed them to get a ride home.
4	A "little" bar with HUGE personality.  This hard to find Arcadia bar is worth the search.  Just look for the Little Woody!  Hard Wood, Soft Wood, and Tongue n Groove are just some of the names of the specialty drinks.  I tried the tongue n groove (Collins, smashed strawberries to name a few of the ingredients) , kinda like an adult Shirley Temple. Also ordered the preztel knot which looked more like a big bun and small side of Beer Cheddar and Mustard.  It was good, but not worth $$ for what you get.  Little Woody has a good variety of beers starting at $5. The place was not crowded and we were able to talk at our table.  I can see it getting pretty packed and loud! Hopefully it stays somewhat a secret.  At the end of the night, we were not given 'The Bible' but a note book full of stories, lots of nude drawings , guests' names and other stuff..and yes I wrote in the book..look for Mooshu.  Worth the stop for a drink or two.
4	When I first showed up at the woody, I noticed there was an extreme arbitrage opportunity.  I guess not in the true sense, as I didn't really make a profit off of these people, but what I'm trying to say is that they'll give you an old style and a shot of old grand dad whiskey for $5 (It's called the Codger).  That's 2 drinks people.  Yeah, they taste like complete shit....who cares, that's part of the fun.  The challenge, if you choose to accept it, is to get hammered for next to nothing.  They dare you to drink garbage, and reward you with a low price if you take them up on it, and if you don't throw up after taking the shot, GUESS WHO WALKS AWAY A WINNER....well kind of... Usually I lose pretty hard in the long run, because after doing 4-5 codgers over the course of an hour or so, thing go haywire.One time I tried to open the men's bathroom, and it was locked. So I waited, then when the dude came out he was all like: "THERE'S A LOCK FOR A REASON". You are correct sir, apparently that lock is for you to do blow and have a temper tantrum if anyone so much as pushes on the door, why are you so angry? This is a bar bitch.  That's really the only doucher i've seen in this place.  The staff is always nice.One thing I don't appreciate is when girls order wine at the woody, and then you're bill is suddenly $75, because someone had 5 glasses of wine and someone else had 5 codgers, and someone is signing receipts cross eyed, because they actually are $80 worth of drunk, but in the morning something doesn't seem to add up right.  Do the math on that, and don't order wine. Because in case you can't do math, it's $10 a glass.The biggest problem the woody has, is that it's relatively hard to get a drink when this place is packed, which seems to be increasingly more often than not on your typical weekend.  Everyone has now discovered the woody, despite the lack of signage.  Hopefully someday soon all those people get over it and go back to old town, because I'm trying to have some room to run around in this bitch.Also Skee Ball. Head to the back.
4	Visiting this fun Arcadia bar is like spending with rich college kids with bikes; everyone is young, well dressed and your select hangout locale looks trendy and cool. On the other hand drunken debauchery, bro dudes donning tank tops and faux hawks, squealing and fireball shots by the dozen seemed to prevail, no one had a care in the world. Did I mention it was 6:30? The Little Woody isn't hard to find if you look to the NE corner of Indian School and the side street (42nd place). Just pull down the side street when you see the neon bird eyes commanding you stop to have a drink. The bar is dark, covered in REAL wood cross sections and cozy. You can order food or play skee ball, darts or shuffleboard. There is no outside area so it's not ideal for smokers, but great when it's either a zillion degrees outside or pouring (like that ever happens). The bartenders were attentive and prompt. Overall, a great little neighborhood bar that's a fun stop on your Arcadia bar tour.
5	Awesome place to grab drinks with friends and catch a game of skeeball.
5	A visit to The Little Woody has been on my list for way too long and this past weekend, I finally got to visit! This little bar is filled with character and enchantment. Hidden in broad daylight right off of Indian School and 44th street, the only thing that shows you it's there is the owl (their logo) light in the window. You'll be greeted by an old gentleman who will let you into the parking lot and then you enter through a door into a windowless bar. Sounds shady right? Well, it's just shady enough to make it a little exclusive! You certainly wouldn't drive by it and decide to stop by. You have to know about it. This bar is trendy divey at its finest. Logs wallpaper the walls, and the lighting is dim. There's plenty of seating either at high top tables or booths. The bar has plenty of seating as well. But the best part is the back room. The back room is filled with fun games! Games that include skeeball, shuffle board and darts! If only they had air hockey and big buck hunt. It provides a fun atmosphere and one that's chill. This bar is well put together and well kept, but still holds on to the divey feel...without beer stained floors! PS - they also own The Westerner that just opened in Old Town.
5	Super cool place to grab drinks with friends.  The bar is very cozy and has a log cabin sort of feel inside.  Awesome game room in the back with foosball, skeeball, etc.
3	I would not call this bar a dive bar by any means.  I really think I need to take my friends to a real dive bar so they stop tricking me into thinking we're going to one.The staff was friendly, the drinks were good and while I didn't try any of the food it all looked and smelled very good.  It was a very busy night and was probably pretty close to maximum capacity.  A little crowded for my taste but I still managed to have a good time.  I learned how to play shuffle board for the first time and actually won a game.I did have a good time however I'm not sure how likely I am go to back.
5	I heard all about this place from a good friend who recently moved to SB and after dinner elsewhere, their bar was packed so we decided to try out 'The Little Woody." First and foremost, I love the "sign" out front that has the light up owl. We parked just as a man was walking out of a door (one of three) in front of us, he kindly showed us where to enter, cracking jokes with us the whole way. We sat at the bar at first to get a drink from the same bartender. He showed me the whole menu cocktails and otherwise. I had no idea what I would want, so on his suggestion I tried to 'Tongue n Groove."If you want a delicious girly drink, PLEASE try this. It was amazing. Sweet, with a little tang, and simply garnished. My friend had a jack n coke, and we went to sit on the couches on the other side of the bar. The bartenders were amazing, great service, super nice, they checked on us every little bit. Eventually we moved back up to the bar, and started talking to the barback, who suggested that we really check out the back room, so we did. It was full of games, shuffleboard, foosball, skeeball. We ended up staying for about 4 hours, and at the end of the night, my friend just HAD to have some Jeremiah Wheat Whiskey.... kill me. I hate whiskey, but it was good, The one thing I noticed was how adequately they staffed the bar. Three bartenders were there around 8 so you always had someone keeping an eye on your drinks, and never had to do that awkward wave until someone came over. The other thing I liked was the people there. Everyone from women in their 30's to men in their 60's. It didn't feel like there was a "type" of person who went there, just everyone.I love this place, I will definitely be back.
5	In my search for a new place for my husband and I to try, I came upon my friend Paul V.'s review of The Little Woody, and I was sold.It may be a little hard to find (hint: just look for the owl), but once you do, youre in for a great time. Its dark and warm and inviting w/ plenty of seating to choose from.We decided to try the food as well as the drinks. I had a brie panini, which was really good, but the star here is the craft cocktails. I had one whose name escapes me, but it had muddled strawberries. Very good, sweeter. I also tried the Hard Wood. Very, very good.After we were done eating we decided to explore the place a little bit. Unbeknownst to us, they have a whole other side! Complete w/ skee ball and shuffleboard. They even host an adult skee ball league.I would absolutely recommend this place to someone who wants a cool place to drink w/ friends, take a date, or have a drink somewhere thats off the beaten path.i know *I'll* be visiting when Im back in town. Just sayin.
3	First visit, great! Second visit, Little Woody must be bi polar.  A few friends decided to go to Little Woody on a Friday night.  There were a pretty good crowd of Phoenicians and people obviously from Scottsdale.  We ordered drinks and food from the waitress.  We never saw our waitress but one guy was going around asking people about their drinks.  After 30 minutes of ordering a pretzel and pizza, I asked how much longer will it take to get a pretzel.  He was nice to go check and I didn't get charged for it.  The waitress never placed the order for the pizza, lame excuses. We left and went down the street to eat..so worth it too!
4	Little Woody's is super cool.Really, you feel like one of the cool kids here.  But not like football star lead cheerleader cool, no  no, little Woody's is too cool for that traditional type of cool.No, first you feel speak easy cool.  Old school gangster cool.  Because there is no sign announcing the name of the place you feel in the know when you spot the big eyed owl gazing over the street and realize this is the place.  It's too cool for a name.  You enter through the back, which is the front, because the front has no entrance.  Cool, right?Then its dark.  not seedy dark, but masculine and sultry dark.  Again, really cool.Once you get your drinks you head over to the game room and a new kind of cool hits: nerd cool, gamer cool, arcade kid cool.Shuffle board, skee ball (!), darts  and foosball are always exciting, and winning free beer with your insane skee ball skills is the coolest!Didn't eat this time, but the chalk boards advertised some tasty looking options.  And their cocktails, while maybe a bit pricey, were super intriguing.  I stuck with beer on this occasion and it was frosty and quick.  Good night.
5	I love this place! Their drinks and atmosphere are amazing! This is quite easily my favorite hangout spot!
5	The Little Woody is the best little Arcadia hideaway. You can only find it if you already know it's there - they've since added a red, glowing owl sign, but before that the only clue to this bar was the Jameson barrel placed outside the back entrance. On the weekdays, it's got a really relaxed, speak easy feel. It's full of the young professional, after work crowd (happy hour is every day from 4 to 6). Since it's been getting more popular, the weekends are pretty crowded with a mixed bag of people. Either way, this place is a fun time and full of activities. What activities, you say?Board games and jenga hidden inside the bench seats, two skeeball machines that spit out free drink tickets when you get a high score, and foosball and shuffleboard. Every Third Wednesday they have speakeasy sessions of live acoustic with local artists. Every month they have a skeeball tournament to win prizes (like a growler full of beer).This place is great and you should definitely check it out.
2	I was very excited to go to The Little Woody or what people called 'Woodys." We decided to go Friday, Aug 9th. I invited a bunch of friends and met for dinner first. Our waitress seemed flustered and the music was so loud she couldn't hear our order. We had to practically scream it. After about 10 minutes, we finally got our drinks. I ordered the Arizona Mule and there was barely any spirit in in. I know my Moscow Mules &  I've had better at Culinary Dropout. About 10 minutes later, our dinner. I ordered the Tomato Soup with Grilled Cheese and the soup was lukewarm and the Grilled Cheese has not even melted. It was still pieces of cheese and tomatoes. The boys I were with however, loved their sandwiches, so I decided to keep my mouth shut. The boys ordered another beer and we waited. Our other friends showed up and we wanted to head to the game room. After another 15 minutes with no second beer, we decided to move and my boyfriend had to go up to the bar and wait for a bartender to acknowledge him. When our waitress finally got to him, she didn't even remember the second drink he had ordered 20 minutes before. After the slow services and $70 later, we decided to check out the game room. There must not be as much A/C in that room because we were all sweltering in the heat. After sitting for a while, one of my girlfriends told me about their "Golden Owl." If you find this small, golden owl that they hid in a different spot each night, then your whole tab for the night is free (not sure if that is true, but I would've taken a free drink.) We asked a few bartenders for hints and one said that it hadn't been found yet and another told us it is above eye level.  My girlfriend's and I FINALLY found the owl on a speaker and we went up to one of the waiters. The bar manager must have overheard us because he decided to go up the waitress and whisper something in her ear. He proceeded to tell us that someone had come in and found it during happy hour. It sounded extremely fishy and we thought they should have taken the own down if that was true. It might have been because we had a big group, but they could have at least told us that or capped the tab at a certain amount. We left immediately after. No one in my group said they would return and I know that I certainly will not. We all went to The Vig down the street and enjoyed appropriately priced beer and great service.
2	i'm totally over this place. when they first opened, i really enjoyed this hidden little neighborhood bar and their fun selection of drinks.cut to six months later and this gem has warped into some overblown douche trap. "hidden" bar? yeah, not so much. when there's valet parking, a bar expansion, wall to wall people, and horrific service from the waitresses/bartenders, i wouldn't call this a neighborhood bar anymore.oh, and their previously awesome drinks are totally mediocre now. no. thank. you.
5	This place is a fun, enjoyable and a darn tootin good time!We came here because it looked divey and was close to my friends pad. Can't beat that combo Bs!We rocked out, getting reasonably priced drinks, playing darts and shooting skee ball. Sayyyy what?! Yes skee ball. We were trying to beat each other and I can now concede my skee ball title.Hit this place up! Skee! Skee!
4	Hipster central.  I think the statute of limitations has passed so I can confess that I once got drunk with some of these hipsters and *may* of taken home one of the ubiquitous owls littering the place.  I enjoy the backroom where they have adult Disneyland complete with shuffle board and ski ball.  Drinks are solid and if you are hungry, the pretzel is amazing.  I will say that I was not happy with parking attendant grouch who let me park my car and then tell me that I couldn't park there after I hoofed it across the parking lot in heels....
3	I have made several ventures to hang out here and sadly.... The Little Woody is not my idea of a good time. Here's why:-The service is slow (but I'm not blaming the servers, I know they're trying to maul through the abundance of human flesh standing, sitting, and loitering in their way). -The bathrooms ALWAYS have a huge line. And if there isn't a line, there is a drunk girl puking in it and so I am just the first in the line that is sure to begin. -I'm pretty sure fire codes are constantly being violated in this place. There are just way too many people here and it's ALL OF THE TIME. It's not like it's just the weekends... oh no.. it's the weekdays too. Which is AWESOME for their business but horrible for their customers who, like me, get extremely aggravated in confined spaces with 5 billion other human beings.-I think it's a rule that when you hang out here you have to be loud, obnoxious, and way too intoxicated to make quality decisions. I swear. Everywhere I turn here, I was bombarded by another drunk person screaming in my ear about the skee ball tables or the drink they ordered.-The drinks are overpriced. Plain and simple. I know this bar is in a nicer area and that the clientele are (supposedly) a little more mature (haha) and make decent money, but I could get the same drink a few streets down for HALF OF THE PRICE. Also. I don't ever think $10 is appropriate for a SMALL beer. Nope. Never. Not even Guinness or other "fancy" beers. -Lastly... And I mean this in the least conceited and rude way possible, but I don't want to be hit on by men who are old enough to be my father. Thanks, but no thanks. Aside from all of the things I don't personally care for, The Little Woody has a very nice staff (including the Bouncers) and the decor is cute. Actually if it weren't always more crowded than the DMV it would probably be one of my favorite bars to hang out at because of the ambiance. Overall, you do not COMPLETELY fail, Little Woody, however, I will not go out of my way to return unless requested by a friend.
5	The Little Woody is a fun place with its high energy crowd. Small and always happening on weekends, this isn't the place to be if you suffer from claustrophobia because it's jam-packed nuts to butts in here.So here's what you do.Make up some stupendous bullshit about how you scheduled your bunion surgery for Friday afternoon and need to take off work after lunch...then head to the Little Woody for pre-game. Hang here till the place starts to fill, then bounce around six.There's a bar across the street on the second floor, I can't remember it's name. They serve giant hamburgers. I know this because some middle-aged guy trying to scam on a girl half his age ordered one and had it split. She didn't eat it because she was all, "What'd you order that for...I don't eat red meat." Of course she doesn't. But I do. So I winked at the guy and he slid her plate my way. It was a good half burger. When I was numb, I went downstairs to La Fontanella to eat a bunch of Italian food. Anyways, oh yeah, The Little Woody is fun when you can have it all to yourself. Otherwise, get ready to do battle with the chick next to you, hoping to get the bartender's attention. Good luck. As if he's going to notice you when her thong is hiked up to her ear lobes and she's wearing a low cut top.Don't forget to limp into work Monday and remember, you've got ten toes. The bunion thing should get you well into the winter months before having to come up with a new Friday afternoon affliction.
5	This is where I met boyfriend almost 2 years ago! We have gone here on a regular basis ever since and they are always great. I love that hey are super popular but you always feel like you are walking into a speak easy. The game room was such a great addition and we have had such fun going in for a couple of mules and games before heading in for the night.All of their drinks are refreshing and secretly strong...which is my favorite. Their staff is always friendly and fair. We love this place.
4	Super cute little spot tucked away and almost hidden unless you know where you are looking. Thursday evening not too crowded and we loved hanging out in the back room with the skee-ball. The highly polished and absolutely gorgeous tall tables had us wondering where we could get a couple for our own house. But the cocktails were fantastic and the beer specials good. Service was quite good as well. I can't wait to stop in here again.
4	What a playful little dive bar! Let's try to look past the hodgepodge of an interior (which may be difficult), and focus on what TLW does well.TLW does well at getting me soused. The bartenders are quick with the drinks, and are really good about cocktailing the lounge areas. I always had a tasty cold beverage in my hand.TLW does well with the 'play section'. I could play foosball for hours! It's fun, competitive, and you could make it into a drinking game. The skeeball and foosball are great ways to interact with other patrons, especially of the female variety.All in all, it's a great place for my friends and I to pregame. I'll definitely be back.
5	This place is a perfect hideaway to duck in with friends. The staff are fantastic, the setting is awesome, and the drink lineup rocks.
4	I don't wanna play games when I'm drinkin' but if you're into that, you'll love this place. Decent beers, nice staff.
5	Fun place and high energy crowd for sure. I didnt see the game room just stayed in the main area but they have good service even though its packed. Only one bathroom but other than that definitely a hidden treasure. Can't tell what it is from the outside but we took our chances and ended up loving it! A little loud but a nice place to catch up w a group of friends
4	I've had this spot bookmarked for a while, it's like a little lost gem.  When I say little I really do mean LITTLE!  We drove past the building 3 times and eventually just had to follow the dot on the map to ask the valet  if we were in the right spot.  So, note to self: when you're on the prowl for this place just look for the little owl eyes...or maybe it's a woodpecker. :-pI have only been twice, once on a Friday and then on a Saturday.  Both nights were completely packed.  It's quaint and a great crowd, a nice change from the Old Town Scottsdale scene.  They have tons of games in the back: foosball, skiball and something else I can't remember. ;)  Something totally random that I noticed and thought was super cute, they give the checks back in these little black books.  Not sure why that was one of the things I liked most.I'm sure at some point I'll venture back out this way, cab ride from here to Scottsdale isn't bad and the drinks aren't overpriced.
5	After attending a Yelp event, I didn't want to go home just yet. I wanted a cocktail but had no idea where to go as I don't live here. I turned to Yelp for suggestions and went to 2 or 3 bars before I actually ordered a drink at Little Woody. The other bars just didn't have the vibe I was after.Little Woody was cool as it was a little hidden and was playing some good music when I walked in. It's a small place so the 20 or so people that were here made it seem busy.Bartender cooked me up a custom Oban-based cocktail. It was a little pricey at $13 compared to their $8 cocktails on the menu, but I have expensive tastes so oh well. It was pretty damned tasty, and I always appreciate an off-menu custom-crafted cocktail.I have a feeling I'll be back again next time I'm in AZ.
4	It only looks like a dive from the outside. Inside you'll find a whole variety of people, but mainly yuppie/hipster 30-somethings. Or maybe I only think they are 30-somethings now that I am 30-something? The main thing you need to know about this place: the drinks are stiff. Also noteworthy: Even when packed, the bartender will acknowledge your existence. They don't blink when I order a Sazerac. And there are bar games galore.
5	This is one of my favorite bars!  It's kind of divey but I love it.  The front room is like a normal bar and the back has a bunch of games including skee ball, shuffle board, foosball, and darts.  Really fun place to go at nights.  It's often our last stop for nights out.  Diverse crowd and laid back and fun.  The games used to be free but I think they charge for a few of them now (including skee ball) which kind of sucks but still worth going and playing.  Don't think I've ever had any of the food but heard it's good for being a bar. Tips:  It's hard to spot from the road even though it's on Indian School road.  People also call it Red Owl because of the lit up neon red owl on the window facing the road.  The parking and entrance are in the back.  There's also a free shuttle to and from the Vig down the street at 40th and Indian School.
3	very small hidden bar. Would be fun with a group of friends if you went early and snagged a game or bar seat. Cute decor normal prices.
4	My sister and her friends love this bar, so when visiting her last week we spent our Friday night here.  I was DD so was flying solo in the sober department, but the people watching and endless variety of games kept me entertained for the whole night!  I am probably not the first person to say this, but winning a free drink playing skee ball is IMPOSSIBLE... but it's fun to try.  The shuffleboard is also so fun and is a rare find at bars.  Probably my favorite thing about this place!From a past visit, I would recommend the moscow mule and they'll also make you a dark & stormy if you prefer rum.  Mixed crowd, relaxed vibe and plenty to entertain even the soberest person in your group - we'll be back the next time we're in town!Oh - and you can park in the lot across the street for free.  Super convenient!
4	Cool place. Stopped in for a quick drink with friends. I like the decor a lot - wooden log walls and high top seating as well as booths. Separate room with shuffle board and other bar games if that's your thing.Drinks are reasonably priced and there's enough parking which isn't always the case in this area. I'd go back.
5	Great place! Staff is so friendly and helpful.  I am in love with skiball now because of this place. Come here for a good time Nd tons of fun.
4	This is an overall decent place. I absolutely love the decor and the music they had playing was very cool. Definitely very hipstery and casual. Lots of bearded men.I had a Moscow mule to drink and it was awesome! It had the real spicy quality to it that I personally love. It is a very small venue and it was pretty packed with no where to sit really. I liked the vibe of this place but it was definitely lacking in hotties!! Too many beards for my taste, and shaved heads, since when is that attractive. Anyways it's a decent place to chill with friends and they have a pretty sweet game area in the back.
4	Fun dive bar. You got to get there early to snag a seat or be a hawk to get one. For being so inconspicuous and hidden they sure get busy. Good bar hopping place to hit up
4	Great place.  Don't order the pretzel.  You are essentially paying $7 for a small roll.
5	Oh, Little Woody, I love you so much...Whether my friends want a chill round of beers on a Tuesday or amazing people watching on a Saturday, we usually end up at the Woody. Great beers and whiskey drinks, good food, and wonderful bartenders.
4	A must stop for Phoenix bars. Perfect for dates and the inside is decorated so cute. Owls, dim lighting, logged walls. I love it. Strong drinks too! What's not to love? Wish it was closer to me.
5	Super cute bar with no signs so look for the owl!! Eric the bartender is awesome and so sweet!
4	Without the neon cartoon bird decorating the front window, you'd never find this place while driving. I stepped in to be greeted with dim, red light, freezing A/C, and Miike Snow blaring from the ceiling, and then I knew this would be a sweet spot. Okay, yes, it's a little hipster with the faux old-fashioned themes to their cocktails. They love their whiskeys, and it shows when everyone orders a Manhattan with garnished with a lone, giant ice cube. You could feel thrifty and order the "Codger" as well, with a shot of who-knows-what and a can of Old Style for $5. The beer selection features quality IPAs, such as Modus Hoperandi from Ska Brewing. The bartenders have a bias toward bitter. I heart bitter, but I don't like whiskey. I saw a bit of tequila there too, but their selection doesn't appear too eclectic. In the back is a narrow room with shuffleboard, foosball...and even ski-ball! Oh gosh, I love that, even though after a few my balls might derail and ricochet elsewhere. :-xOverall, this place is stylish, comfortable, and has a good selection. I especially like the huge, communal table in the center that looks like it would be perfect for beer pong. If they don't let me play, it's still cool. I'm gonna bring some friends here.
5	Oh my goodness, The Little Woody. Shenanigans abound here. During the week this is a great place to find a $5 draft (or even a $2 canned stout*). They make a mean Moscow Mule too. I've met some of the most interesting people here from all walks of life. (Note that the age range drops to more of a college crown late Friday/Saturday.) Yes, there is a hipster vibe with a plethora of guys wearing plaid. But who cares? It's fun here!Bar service is available everywhere. No worry if you're not seated right by the bartender. The employees will hustle out to take orders. Alex is *freaking* hysterical. Ask for a demo of what he can do with a towel. The modest need not.Try not to drive too fast for your first visit. The building is brown with a small-ish neon owl out front. From the back parking lot it's not really clear either if you've arrived. (Note: The parking lot is a very safe place to leave your car. Plenty of folks do as The Little Woody is keen to roll you into a cab. At closing cabs are lined up.) Be sure to scope out the back game room.  I had been going for more than a year before I realized there was even fun behind the bar. D'oh! * The Two Dollar Beer * Short story. They have a chalk board which usually lists the available beers. The other night I noticed a section for cans. Always on the lookout to try a new beer I said, "I'll take the Vinifera thing." A stout is a close as I can get during the summer months to a porter, so Yes Please! When ferried to my table I plopped down a $5 bill as I thought it was $4. (Which is crazy bananas cheap.) My jaw dropped when three dollars were returned as change. Yup. If you're a fan of dark beers check try Vinifera Stout! (7.5%). It was like drinking chocolate. Right. So this is a great place!
4	Very cool atmosphere and good drinks. Only complaint is how PACKED it gets and it is a very small place. Definitely worth checking out though.
3	The owners/operators of "The Vig" finally did us socially anxious types a solid. They built, for what for all intents and purposes, is a speak easy in the heart of what once was the glorious enclave of Arcadia. For those of you desert dwellers not familiar, Arcadia once was a swath of homes and businesses in the heart of eastern Phoenix with money and prestige that made Scottsdale residents once drool with envy.  Suburban sprawl and urban blight have regulated parts of this town into cesspools of poverty; some of the money has stayed put but now it is "old" money and Arcadia has suffered.Located upon the bones of the "Great Escape" (a place that put the dive in dive bar) the only outward sign that you are in the right place is a giant flashing red owl face; the original building facade from the "Great Escape" still remains intact and lends to the mystique. Around back you'll find a (likely) packed parking lot, plenty of security (on most nights anyway) and a pair of faux gas lights beckon you in.  This is where my love/hate with the Little Woody begins.The room(s) are simply stunning and anyone with vaguest idea of those responsible for the various "Vig" establishments will understand that one of the things these folks know how to do and do well is make a fan-fucking-tastic room.  Personally, I'm a huge fan of the under lit bar, old school (and I do mean old) cash register behind the bar and the unexpectedly awesome musical accompaniment. The drink menu is top notch (with the rhubarb old fashion at the top of my list) and while sparse, there isn't much on the menu that you will regret ordering. For the most of staff is competent and the game room (check it out for yourself) is a nice touch that maximizes the minimal space available. I can't tell you how badly Phoenix needed this place...which is why I hate all of you for ruining it for me.  When the space was open for Sunday football I could at least enjoy some of the managerial/ownerships delectable eatable experiments, suckle at a bacon infused bloody Mary and watch my better half down a staggering amount of blood orange mimosas.  All of these are now gone (it turns out even our penchant for alcoholism couldn't save Sunday days) and those I know and love have been regulated to slinking in mostly on Sunday afternoons right when the place opens. Why you may ask? Simple; this place isn't a secret speak easy anymore.On any given night the place is packed elbow to asshole with a vast assortment of individuals that have the social skills of a salted slug. But alas...there is money in this crowd and they suck down the crafted drinks on the menu like a citrus deprived sailor in an orange orchard.  I'm can't stereo type the entire crowd as such...simply put, as the popularity of the Little Woody has increased, I haven't been able to spend more than a few minutes in the place before my blood pressure sky rockets and I simply leave without ever catching the bartenders eye. But what's bad for a few is good for so many more; if I could stomach the patronage more perhaps I could rekindle my love affair with my beloved Woody?Seeing as how I really don't give a hoot...if any of you out there in internet land decide to open or come across a bar named "Nicodemus's Perch" or "N.I.M.H." please let me know. In the interim, to the lee of the stone we must go.
5	cool place to chill out, great dive bar,   love the old style,  reminds me of chicago,  love the shuffleboard
5	This place is awesome. I just moved here and have been dying for a good negroni, I found it!  Dark interior, games in the back room, and fun bartenders. Sign me up!  My only complaint is the uncomfortable booth seats, but somehow I will survive.
5	The real deal !  A speak easy in every way... There's not even any signage ;) once you find this Arizona gem you will understand, as the initiation for this place is just that. An initiation. So only bring your favorite friends to enjoy their wood lined cabin bar, skee ball, foose ball and dart games. The hand crafted and muddled drinks are amaze and the bites delicious. My favorites are the Arizona Mule and the Beeting.  Go. Go now!P.s don't forget to sign and doodle in the guest books at be bar :)
4	Fun spot to play bar games and drink. They have skee ball, shuffle board, darts, foosball, and Jenga. Hard to spot at night so keep an eye out for the red owl!
5	What a great find!  We stopped in yesterday for a drink on a friend's recommendation and we were not disappointed.  It is dark and cool and a great place to escape the summer heat in Phoenix!  The decor is pretty cool and a great place to relax.  The menu was surprisingly extensive - craft cocktails, beer, wine and food that sounded delicious.  We ended up sharing a pretzel knot and could have eaten 5 more...they were that good.  We'll definitely be back for more drinks and food next time.
3	The Little Woody is an A-OK spot.  The drinks are decent and priced like other bars in town. LW usually has a good selection of craft beers on draft too.  The place is small and has two rooms.  The front room has the bar and a lounge area.  If you go around the bar, you'll find the back room that has shuffle board, skee-ball and darts.  The games always have people playing them, but you can just put a quarter down and be next to play.  There are a few tvs, but the games are where the fun is in this bar.  LW has a small food menu, but I've not eaten here... boyfriend says the flatbread is super good though.  The bathrooms can be a joke if the place is busy, and the bartenders may cut you in line if they have to go (happened to me)...  Oh!  And at a certain time of night the music goes up to an insane decibel of loudness.  Loud loud.  As in I got so tired of shouting at the person next to me, I just quit talking.
4	Cool hipster bar . I wish i wasn't older because this would be the place to hang. We felt too old so we didn't stick around . Really cool vibe and great music.
5	Went in for the first time last night with my boyfriend and brother (two polar opposites) and they both loved the atmosphere and energy. Service was amazing and the drinks were solid. I highly recommend the pimento cheese dip, so yummy! I will def be back with my girls to play some ski ball!!
5	Loved it!  Went in early on NYE and beat the crowd.  Service was excellent.  Most cocktails priced at $8, I thought that was pretty reasonable.  Can't wait to go back and try some of their food too.  So glad I found this little gem!
4	love it. makes me max sentimental of my San Francisco neighborhood watering holes. a desert nod to fog city speakeasy chill vibes. i'm so down.
