5	I had my dress shoes rehealed here. They made my shoes look almost brand new. Cost was $16.95. Would take my other shoes here again.
1	**This place is under new ownership** I've been a customer of the previous owners and they did great work and have super customer service. Business has surely went south here. Went over to get a pair of dress shoe heels replaced. To be fair they fixed the heel, but the very next day the entire sole on the front end peeled wide open and I didn't even get a chance to wear them. I took them back and started explaining my situation to the young girl there probably about 13 years old, she then calls a younger kid over a young boy about 10 and I explain my case to him (this is getting redundant) , then he walks into the back and calls an older short looking guy and I explain my situation to him. He tells me he's not responsible and these kind of things happen to that kind of shoe (needles to say I've never had this happen to my other shoes EVER!). He proceeds to pull his order slip out and said it'll cost $9 to fix them. I said no, I'm not paying for something you created. So the guy turns his back on me and walks towards the back (spineless).ULTIMATELY - I would look for other options than this place. I will not be going back, this place is a freaken circus now.
5	I have taken nearly two dozen high heels here to get re-soled in the last 7 months.  They are not only extremely affordable, the quality is fantastic.  I have two more pairs to pick up tomorrow and intend on taking all of my shoe repair needs here in the future.
1	This place is horrible! My husband had the worst customer service here. We dropped off 3 pairs of shoes for repair on a Monday & were told that they would be ready on Saturday. He showed up to get them that Saturday but they were not ready. They told him to come back the following Monday. So on Monday he stopped in and only one pair of shoes were ready and the others would be ready on Saturday. My husband was upset with this & told them that this was not acceptable and that he would not bring his shoes here again. The woman behind the counter said to him, "Good. We're the only shoe repair shop in Mesa. So go ahead." What kind of a store owner speaks to their customer's like that? These people are simply rude & clearly don't practice good customer service. We will NEVER set foot in this place again. Horrible, rude people.
1	Too bad yelp makes you give 1 star. This is the worst business I have ever had to deal with. First and largest issue, no pun intended... The granddaughter of the owner must have a tree trunk much less a stick you know where. The most rude person I have met. Apparently they don't care about treating people with respect. They lose the shoes you bring in to get repaired..... Then act like it's your fault they don't even know how to organize their business. Rude rude rude, and a poorly run business that will defiantly fail even without loosing business from this review. After 35 min waiting they finally found the pair of sandals and 1 boot. Then said there will be no charge because they weren't able to get to them. Even though the ticket said they were done and we got a call saying they were done. I'm so glad they aren't going to charge for work they didn't do!!!! Duh!!!!! This was all for a wedding too and now we are sol. Drive anywhere else if you actually need shoe repair service. Worst business ever!
