2	This location is inside of Arrowhead mall in the food court & I'm only rating them based on my BREAKFAST visit. I met a friend there for the previously mentioned breakfast, lol, & found myself in a heaping line. Turns out the mall opens early & there are 'walking clubs' that gather there. After all that walking they all get in line for coffee it seems, lol. The coffee was just ehhh. Nothing special. No lattes. I was REALLY hoping to get their mandarin muffins, which happen to be a little piece of heaven, but the lady informed me they were all out... I can not begin to describe my disappointment as I sat at a cold jiggly table in the mall food court surrounded by people in jogging suites with a plain cup of coffee & a zucchini muffin (which wasn't bad, but wasn't great). Ce la vie! Sometimes you get the mandarin muffin & sometimes the walking club eats them all :)
5	Awesome turkey cranberry !
3	Decent spot in the mall for coffee that isn't overly dark (Starbucks downstairs), cookies that are tasty, and some soup/sandwich options that are much better than the offerings at merchants there in the food court.
2	I love their southwestern chicken ceasar salad!I visited recently thought and ordered a snicker doodle and a hot chocolate.$6Yes, 1 cookie and 1 hot chocolate $6Why is that so upsetting? They make it in front of you. And let me tell you how.They get a cup.They put hot water in itThey open a packet of carnation hot chocolate and mix it in the water.They put the lid on and give it to me.Yes really.Plus, the drink was SO hot that my hand was burning through the cup sleeve AND the lid started melting.I went to Starbucks and we had a good laugh at their expense.
4	We were looking for a Einstein Bros and found out the one closest to the mall wasn't open yet so we came here for bagels. They don't have a great selection but it was pretty good! Kinda pricey but the bagel and cream cheese was like $3 bucks so not bad at all. Their cookies looked great so we will have to come back and try some. Located in the food court at the mall so kinda disappointed with the location but convenient.
4	So....it does not have the full menu options like that of a regular paradise bakery.IT is still great and has the basics, the problem is, depending on the season (IE- the blue hairs or younger types who are there due to weather or school schedules) can make the wait quite long. Seating is open food court in the mall, which is loud and again, depending on time of year, difficult to find.Regardless, I stop here if I am in this mall!
4	Quick services, a decent selection, and solid customer service.
4	Quick stop at the mall, and figured this was the healthiest choice for lunch. Love my chicken walnut sandwich on molasses bread and my free chocolate chip cookie :)  Usually I get a pick two ( combo half sandwich with a soup or salad) but was feeling like a whole sandwich today. Mall location is okay, the restaurant locations are much better.Nice staff and quick service, not a bad place .
5	Second visit to the restaurant and I must say that the pasta salad is phenomenal.  This place is in the Panera family but offers so much more,  I find myself wishing there was one of these in San Diego.   I will definitely be back to eat when I'm in the area.
5	Great coffee. Free refills just keep your receipt. Hazelnut coffee?! with more hazelnut? I'm in heaven. I also got bottom of the pot coffee and my mouth is tingling from the caffeine. LOL. The bagels here are also worth the price.
