3	This place is extremely packed everytime I visit this location. Since it's located across the street from The Palms, no wonder it's always busy. The only concern I have is the panhandler(s) loitering in the parking lot. When I go to this location in the evening, they make me very uncomfortable. When you shoo them away, some can become verbally aggressive.
5	The Chevron station here is cheaper than anything that I have seen in California...by at least  20 cents a gallon.  If you are about to leave Las Vegas, or just need cheap gas, this is a great place to go.
3	We took our truck here to be smogged and we were in and out in no time. The price is average and they get the job done fast! The service is pleasant and they have a full staff of mechanics to prevent delays.
4	terrible had always been the place to go for me. I love the free car wash after my oil change.  I love that they are really quick with all my services. I usually go right before work since it is right across the street. makes it simple for me. I also like seeing the same manager when I go and they actually remember me and ask me how my job is going and when they can come in for a discount. :) I like that. makes me happy and feel like I can always go back. only thing that sucks is when I have to drive my own car out because they don't know how to drive stick and also when they don't have my air filter.. but still 4 stars!
1	I took my car here to have a brake job done and was told by the shop manager Donald Ceniceros that they would not resurface my rotors because with my kind of car they should be bought brand new. I have owned this car for 8 years and never had to buy new rotors.Unfortunately I did sign off on the work order, I know better than that but my mind was focused on midterms at UNLV the following day. And also because I simply wanted it done, and done right. So I paid a little under $600 dollars. they replaced all the pads and the back rotors. After they had finished the work the car still shook violently, i told them that this is why i brought the car in to start with. Donald then informed me that I now needed to buy new front rotors as well, but that they could not do it that day, so I left and took it to another shop a few days later. The other shop resurfaced my front rotors and fixed the problem, and told me that I had been scammed. So i spent almost $600 dollars on a brake job that was not even done right, and ended up having to take it to another shop and paying them to fix it right. I am a college student, I can't afford that. With that being said I do really like the wash and detail services they provide, but after this experience they will never receive my business again...
2	cant put gas in my car or go in to buy something without being begged for change even had some ratchet try to get at me to buy her a beer like wtf
4	Took my car for an oil and filter change.  Got their 39 dollar package and they top off all the fluids and I got a free car wash.  Richie was awesome to deal with and explained everything.  He even did a free brake inspection.  Love the place, so I will be back soon.
1	Don't bring your car here for car wash. For $30.00 car wash go past that place and there's another car wash in flamingo and jones next to shell gas station. For the same price you would get a hand wash. I came here for car wash on dec 22 and they did a horrible job that I have to show to the employee how to clean my front and back bumper. I got a brand new Durango and for some reason after that car wash scratches all over my car. I brought it back today hoping they will buff it off but instead they offer me a free wash and the manager Cliff said they don't do buffing. It's an easy buff and wax will do the job and I can do it my self but for a fact that I have a new car and they put scratch on it maybe they will do something about it but nothing. So they wash my car again same thing terrible job. Never going back her to wash car. The name of this place matches the job they do.
4	I have been coming to this location for 15 years or so. I just heard it is closing in March to become a company owned marijuana dispensary. ???? How did that company meeting go? No profit in oil, let's change to pot! Too bad, this was a pretty well run oil change and service area.
