5	This was the most amazing experience I have every had!!!!!!It is like being on the TV show The Amazing Race but you are on the Las Vegas Strip!!!!We were doing such fun challenges like taking pictures with elvis and finding so many random things in Vegas...there was even an option to take a shot while we were on A Great Chase (gotta love that)!!So my suggestion to anyone that goes to Las Vegas or other cities they are in is to SIGN UP!!!!!!!  It will possibly the most quality fun 2 hours you may ever have this year...Thank you A Great Chase and see you guys in San Diego who hoooooo!!
3	It was a fun time and very much like the amazing race.  However, I was expecting more brain teasers that wouldn't be answered just by using a smart phone.  Must be in shape and ready to run if you actually want to win! They did forget to give the winners their 100 dollar gift certificate, but when brought up, the workers said they would mail it to them.
3	The event is well planned out for the most part but I think they need to be more specific about what it entails. If you do not like to run, you have no chance of winning first place in this. Most of, if not all, of the clues can be found with a simple search on the Internet. There are no real brain teasers so it would be good for someone that wants something a little less thought-provoking.At the end, we had to walk back for 20 minutes because we ended a mile away from where we all parked. Normally, that would not be too bad, but it was not very fun after running for an hour and a half. I have participated in other scavenger hunts as well, so check out my other reviews if you want to try one that I prefer.
5	Got a deal from groupon. Dont underestimate this "fun chase" that they call a "hunt" you first sign up and name your team. They give you a shirt on the day. You compete against other teams (we had some real seasoned teams).. You'll be solving all the clues they give out along the way. You'll be taking pictures, asking random questions - a whole lot of running.....fun but tough during summer months. Bring a bottle of water...they offer water as well ....dont be shy, take one, you'll need it!! Its definitely FUN and something different to do in Vegas :)
