4	I need to get away from "big box" store mentality where I can get everything I need in one trip....  I never realized there was an actual toy store in Park Rd Shopping Center.  Needed a present for a co-worker's one year old boy.  It was very nice to walk in this store and explore.  Finally narrowed it down to a couple of items - one of my criteria was that the toy didn't emit too many annoying sounds - I don't know how parents deal with it daily.No one was really in-your-face about finding anything so it was just refreshing to see "what the kids are playing with" now-a-days.  After my purchase I asked for the item to be gift wrapped and they did it without any extra charge.  Great place and friendly service!
4	I had no idea the Cotswold Toys & Co had a sister store in town, and I'm in this shopping center a lot! (I think I've always assumed it was a part of the toy/kids store next door)This location doesn't have the vast play areas that the other one does and definitely has less stuffed animals and collectors dolls, but there is still PLENTY of fun packed in here. Puzzles, arts & crafts, play sets, books, magic & science kits, figurines, board games... the walls are covered floor to ceiling!The sales staff was very helpful, and if they didn't know the answer they had no problem looking it up for me. This location also has free gift wrapping, and covers a vast amount of ages (including the kid in me), so there's probably a very slim chance you're going to walk out with empty hands.
4	Great selection of toys and stuff that you won't find in the big box stores or the mall toy stores. A friend's son is celebrating his fourth birthday and he's a gigantic Thomas fan, so I popped in here looking for something that I knew he didn't already have. I also spotted a good selection of Lego's (absolutely not for me! no!) and a cute little key chain trinket with my wife's name on it.Prices are a little high, but then, I'm a cheap bastard. They also offered to wrap the presents for me, an offer I accepted.
5	My go to spot for birthday party gifts for my 5 year old's friends. They have an amazing selection of gifts, the store is laid out into different sections - girls, boys, outdoor games, puzzles, etc. so it is very easy to navigate. The best part? They gift wrap for FREE, and of course I love that they are a local store!
5	What a fabulous place to shop local!  I discovered this gem during my Christmas hunting and was so surprised at the selection.  I most certainly will be buying gifts for my nieces and nephews here for years to come.  If you can't find it here, it simply isn't made!!  At first it felt a bit pricey, but after shopping there a bit I think the prices were on point with the quality and service I received,
