1	Even as bike shops go, this place is terrible. I wanted to fix an old bike for my girlfriend.  They said they could turn it around in one week... one week became two and a half weeks.  Didn't bother contacting me.  When I got the bike back, it was still dirty, they failed to replace the breaks, cables, and cable housings.  Shotty work, when I tested the breaks and the gears, they lost all tension because screws were not tightened.  I thought I could take the easy route and not rebuild the bike myself.. now I'm out money and I have a bigger project than before.  Thanks Paragon!
5	Raymond the owner is very knowledgeable and friendly. Did great work and price is very fair. Highly recommend this shop.
5	I've had work done by the guys at Paragon on two separate occasions. The first being this instance where I wanted to have a freehub from an older 10-speed road bike replaced with a newer 7-speed freehub; I left my number and bicycle with them, and the next day I received a phone call saying they didn't have the tool for the older freewheel (The freewheel in question turned out to be a very, very old Shimano unit that Park Tool doesn't even manufacture a tool for), and gave me some options; I suggested using a spare, somewhat haggard wheel I happened to have on me, dropped it off, and the next day, I had a running 14-speed bike. The wheel was completely in true, and dished to accommodate the 7-speed freehub.The second time was a bit more interesting. As I'm all over the valley, I had a modern bottom bracket installed on my bicycle at another shop, and put some new cranks on it. On it's maiden ride with a new bottom bracket and crankset, the non-drive crank arm fell off. Being in Mesa at the time, I walked the bike over to Paragon (much to the dismay of my friends who I was riding with), Ray looked at it and immediately knew what was wrong and threw the bike on the repair stand and fixed the problem: the other shop put some spacers onto the bottom bracket in a fashion intended for mountain bikes, even though it was a road bike. He removed the offending spacers, installed the crank, and we were off.Even in very usual or exigent circumstances, the guys at Paragon have done nothing but splendid work for me, and their work costs always end up being cheaper than their initial quotes. Plus they carry Shot Bloks. Mmmmm... Tropical Punch.
5	This is my LBS and the owner is always helpful when I come in with technical questions or recommendations and usually have what I am looking for when in need for some parts.
5	I recently purchased a bike from Paragon after looking at a number of bike shops. The pricing was reasonable, the staff friendly, and the service was great. The bike even came in ahead of when they thought. Paragon is a nice neighborhood bike shop that I would recommend to everyone. Thanks for the great service!
