4	"El Autentico Sabor de El Salvador" is this restaurants motto!  I believe there is one on Eastern which was the only one listed on Yelp, but now it looks like they have added another to the Las Vegas area! I am in love with this place. Luckily when I come here I am always with my El Salvadorian gentlemen because he speaks Spanish and the whole menu is kind of in Spanish. I also have never had this type of food before so please bare with me as I try to describe what I had because I failed to take pictures of the menu and the names of the dishes I had. The one thing I do know about is the pupusas! Their pupusas are delicious! One of my favorite things of all time now! Add their version of sour cream (which is way way way better than actual sour cream) and I am a happy camper. I also tried their rice and beans with eggs. I love that dish too. Then I had these chicken filled emanada looking things. Bigger than a emanada though! It has veggies in it with what meat you choose. They are so good. I have been there three times in the last two weeks. It is right around the corner and just so yummy. However, it is a bit pricey depending on what you order. Between the two of us the other day it was $40! Ouch. The place is nothing special. You can dine in or take out. I mostly take out. They have their own version of chips and soda for sale. It is a good place if your looking for a little variety in your life!
2	The food is good. No complaints there. The service on the other hand...As soon my family and I walked in, I could tell in the guy's tone of voice he didn't feel like serving us. The whole time he was more concerned about watching his stupid Spanish dating show "12 corazones."  I wasn't happy with the comment he made either, "if you have questions, ask! Our chicken is the same as yours, Mexican, Salvadorian, it's all the same. Our beans and rice are like yours. It doesn't taste much different, but I think ours tastes good." We were the only people there. I would have thought he would be more cheerful and happy to have customers.
