4	Great time at Skin.  We showed up last Thursday for SF Giants Spring Training.  2 for 1 well drinks and Bud Lights.  And to top it off, $10 lap dances?  What a bargin.  Great dancer rotation, keeps them fresh.  Best dancer during that day shift was Kitty (alternative short black hair with piercings). We ended up there Saturday night towards the end.  The manager Warren took good care of us.  I think my brother got a free Skin basebal hat...not sure.But the best part of Skin is the VIP hostess/waitress.  The name escapes me now but she is Latin and from Ventura, CA.  Man she was super friendly and took care of us.  Great Gal.  I called her my SNIZ.
4	I had a great time here.  Every dancer I saw was attractive.  And like Cris says $10 lap dances, they may as well be giving them away for free.  There were several girls dancing and for the three hours we were there we didn't get bored.  If you are looking for a good time go here.
5	HOT women and stiff drinks! I used to date a few girls that were servers here back in the day. 5 stars!
4	I came here on my last stop during my bachelorette party.  We got grilled at the door and heavily warned not to cause any trouble (We were all tipsy and I could barely stand so I don't blame them...also If I were a bouncer at a titty bar I'd prbably think twice before letting in 10 girls pimped out in penis gear and shot glass necklaces in the shape of peens on a pearl string.)After they informed us we could not go onstage (since that would have been my main goal, right? Thanks but no thanks,  I hung up my 8" heels when I graduated college) we were allowed inside.  I was impressed with the decor, it felt more like a lounge than a strip club. The drinks were pretty stiff and we got two tables near the stage on a saturday night. Score, bitches!The girls were pretty friendly and we had a good time! My husband is jealous he missed out on the fun.  :OP
5	This is my favorite strippy on earth!!!!!!!!!! Honestly, I cannot think of a time that I have come here that I didn't have a blast and I have been here a LOT. Just like every strip club in America they have the standard blond, big boobied dancers... but they also have a bunch of alterna chicks sportin tatts, piercings and hair colors other than blond. It's great! Every now and again you run into a crazy chic, like this dominatrix Asian chick who kept kneeing my friend in the throat??? but for the most part, all the dancers rule. I don't think I have ever gotten anything other than diet coke there, so I cannot comment on the booze, but I don't think people go to strippies for a great drink anyway. Parking can be tight, but I have never had trouble finding a spot within reasonable walking distance. And I am severely disappointed that I can only choose up to 3 best nights.. because there are 7.
4	I gotta admit, the talent here is pretty much top notch. There weren't really any girls there that I woulda turned down for a dance and that says alot even compared to the strip clubs in Vegas!We went there as part of my bachelor party out in Phoenix for NBA All Star weekend. We got one of the VIP rooms for the 15 of us and the staff there was very accommodating. Poured the bottles of Goose(to get loose) and Henny, along with your various mixers. I'm sure their mission was to make us finish them fast so we;d buy another.Speaking of which, $10 dances are dirt cheap BUT pretty much every girl tried to hustle you for more...claiming she danced 6 songs instead of 4. My advice is just give her what you think she's worth and be done with her.Jordan was my girl for the night...dead ringer for Nicole from the Pussycat Dolls....she had me hypnotized! She made good convo and stayed with me till past closing. Slam dunk for her!I would give 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact they try to hustle you so hard.
5	Ok, so Todd knows how to run a joint... If there is a better topless club, with better looking women in the Phoenix Scottsdale area, I will pay you to take me there !!The amount of gorgeous women is incredible. Sure you have your hollywood porn-fake tit looking gals, but the true measure of a good place is the selection of women that have not had the +2's added on..Skin has the most amazing collection of non enhanced gorgeous women I have ever seen in a strip club. I prefer a petite woman with a real rack, on the small side. I WAS IN HEAVEN...  I had a 5'10" redhead with both arms fully tattooed and the cutest tits I have ever seen named Brooke dance for me for what semed an eternity. I know it had to have been 8 maybe 10 songs.... I should have told her she almost cause me to have a ..  Well She only charged me $50.... WOMEN should dance for WOMEN far more often !A+the only let down was the fat little DJ that tried to pick me up. Dave Wav- or something... That guy is a troll and smells like mexican dirt weed !
2	Not a huge fan.  Seems all reviews on here are 4-5 stars but don't let that fool you.  What reeled us in was the bait planted outside the door.  The girls outside were smokin' hot (literally, they were smoking....cigarettes!)The $10 cover was bogus, I expected to see a lot more scenery for that price. The place was crowded, felt a little cramped in there and not much wiggle room.  The drinks were pretty standard priced for the type of club and the girls were extremely hot, but with a $10 cover it was a waste to see painted nipples!  I won't come back here unless I'm wasted or they lower the cover charge.
4	Awesome place! The music is good, a mix of Rap and Rock/Heavy metal. The girls are very attractive and really friendly, not pushy at all. It was my first time there and I think its my new favorite place in Scottsdale.
5	Really hot chicks, with nipple covers.ok, I've never discussed this one problem that I have which is called strippers I don't frequent strip clubs because I have a stripper problem I would say my Stripper issue is similiar to a gamblers issue in casino. No will power. I want them all, I put all my money down.Strippers can have all my money. It's been this way forever. This is why I don't go to strip clubs often. I drain my bank account, even if it's the last $10 I have, to spend. I could be saving money for a heart operation and if you take me in a strip club, that's it. Over. Tonight We went to Skin Cabaret and I lost my mind, soul, and pennies I don't think my male counterpart could keep up with me in there The way they shake their asses ......First of all I am a completely heterosexual, non bisexual, femalesecond of all , my attraction to strippers is similiar to the average dirty old man in America I like them blonde, skinny, small waists with huge fake tits for some reason we couldn't get the stripper I wanted to come over, she was fake blonde hair, fake big tits, fake face.i asked for her twice and even our waitress asked her to come over, but she kept saying she was too busy with her friends and would come over later Sigh. Oh well  so I got 4 lap dances from 4 other girls until I found "the ONE" this girl named Cameron she was sooo sexy  she exuded sensuality and sex from her pores, her eyes were the epitome of "fuck me " eyes her body was sooo sexy, small waist, nice ass, big huge fake tits, she had dark hair, she looked a lil middle eastern but she says she's Sicilian Me and my male friend both got TWO lap dances from her eachI said "that's it, we don't even need to see anyone else after her, she is IT" If I wasnt dragged out of there, I would still be getting lap dances from her right nowShe almost made me a LESBOMy male lover told her she was turning his girlfriend bi, lol I recommend her to every guy and girl who visits arizona Cameron at Skin Caberet in Scottsdale lap dances are $10, but i usually gave $35 hence why I shouldn't frequent strip clubs I give them what i think they should be making, which to me is usually double or triple what the going rate is I wont be going back, unless someone else sponsors me
4	Oh yes. Girls here, amazing! Price, AMAZING! $10 per dance, can't beat that. The music was awesome! The DJ tore it up with great tracks and variety. Sound system was top notch, I just had great tracks bumping bass on my back while I got lapdances by twins! I just don't like the rules. No touching, even on a lapdance. I dropped 3 bills here. Would go again.
3	Let me start by saying that we went to Skin's on a Tuesday night, so I am adding a star (from 2 up to 3) just for the optimistic part of me that assumes it would improve on the weekend....that being said: My wife and I always go to strip clubs together and are no amateurs to the scene being from the bay area in CA.We parked in the closed parking lot of a pawn shop next door and were quickly approached by the valet of the Skin who said that all of the parking lot was valet (Skin's and the pawn shop) at night, but he would allow it this one time, but he worked off of tips if we could find some generosity in our hearts for his kindness..... I don't think so since we didn't even know if we would be staying. We walked in and the hostess at the counter was very nice. We went straight to the bar to a very hot bartender and ordered two drinks for $20. Pretty standard for adult clubs. Then we pulled up chairs next to the stage and watched the show. The dancers were average looking at best. Almost all of them had natural breasts (which we like) but none of them seemed to be enjoying themselves (smiling, making eye contact, etc.) we also notices that all of them had silver paint on their nipples. When we were approached for a dance we asked what was up with the paint. Apparently in Scottsdale they have a law that you can't be fully "topless" so if you paint the nipples, then you are not topless. We watched a few more dancers, but after we saw that the hottest girl in the place was the bartender, we left. But as far as a place to go during the week on a business trip, avoid it.
4	Great place. Stopped in on a Saturday daytime. Haven't been here in over a year. Same great service from bar and mgmt staff. Plenty of dancers. Very pretty women. All under 24. 2for1 drink specials still happening, just not with Beefeater. Must choose Tangueray or Bombay. Small buffet lunch still served.
5	Amber W. dragged me here for her birthday. There are toplessish women.  Thanks Scottsdale ordinances! The Scottsdale City Council does not appreciate the value of unencumbered nipples. Or perhaps they understand all too well, which explains the ridiculous pasty rule. Anyway, the girls are toplessish, as I mentioned above. And that never hurt anyone. $2 bills.
1	OK, So I got a deal for this on tipsydevil a few months ago.  I was planning on going with a big group of guys and making a night out of it.  Well, lo and behold, the owner of this place decides to cancel all the deals, screwing over not only tipsydevil, but also all of us future "customers."  I guess the manager got too greedy for his own good.  Oh well, off to Cheetah's instead.
5	Of course being the faithful strip club guru we stopped in while in Scottsdale for AZ bike week.  Clean, polite staff, very attractive dancers - really good happy hour, definitely beats anything Sacramento has hands down.
4	Fun night out of the ordinary for my boyfriend and I!  I have been trying to get him to go out to a nice strip club with me for a long time and I'm glad I took him here.  Go figure, we both had a blast and now he wants to do it again! The place is a little small but there are lots of seats and lots of beautiful girls with amazing bodies.  No one is pushy or snobby, in fact, the girls were really receptive to me gawking at them and would move their cute little butts around for me to have a better view!!  Yay, boobies!My boyfriend really enjoyed me watching and watching himself.  Glad we tried something different.Thanks to the gorgeous girls who were friendly and slutty and made our night a blast!
5	Best strip club ever!
5	Top notch, great ladies. Good hourly drink and dance specials!
4	I'm not really into strip clubs but I have to say that in my experience this is one of the better ones. The place was clean, seats were comfortable, drinks were reasonably priced. As far as the girls go, they had something for everyone, and none of them were super pushy or rude about lap dances, which I very much appreciate. I was here for a bachelor party, and for a couple hundred bucks they hauled the groom onto the stage with a bunch of girls and embarrassed the shit out of him. It was pretty awesome.
4	Small,  but worthy of a good time.  Why do they close at 2?!?KC Had the right Idea, so RD had to take a run at this place.RD had a great time, there is no Mrs. RD, so RD plays, because RD Pays.RD was surprised at the level of woman here... that some could actually be featured at the Rhino or Other Vegas Joints... but RD also saw a lot of the "non-talent"... RD loves a good pole worker though... so those gals were awesome.RD wasn't feeling the pasties... but if that's the law...that's the law...RD found a problem with the place closing at 2... probably because of the alcohol sales... but  RD isn't use to things ending at 2... so RD heads to Dream Girls... which closes at 4!
1	I just left this place with my cousin and I've seen better places in California. I'll give them that the females are worth the 5 stars but them them being stuck up, place is small, with no private rooms, and loud music me thinks not. They were only half naked and even their nipples had paint on them what the hell? lol.
4	I came here often. Girls: Mostly gorgeousDrinks: South Scottsdale prices at a club...y'get my drift.Parking: Sucks. Park at dark lot or pay valet otherwise, get here at buttcrack dusk. This place is pretty close to a Vegas style strip club. I like it, there's no bs here associated with the Phoenix clubs. I just get paranoid parking in the dark lot. Never had a bad time here. Then again, never had a great time here either.
5	Speaking as the current "duke" of this place, I have been here many times at all different times. The free buffet on Fridays is awesome because there is nothing like eating Italian food while watching topless girls. They always have the best line-up but I just wish the were open past 2 and fondled my balls more
1	Lame. Don't believe the fat old bald guy out front that says it's illegal to use anything but their drivers. He's a liar. Use uber. It's cheaper.
1	Pretty lame. I didnt use valet parking and I was told I still had to pay a fee..really?? Stupid. Then I had to pay $20 to sit at a decent table. There were only a few free tables and they were taken. Makes no sense. Dont forget $10 cover charge and a $4 water. So I had already spent $39 and haven't even had a chance to watch some girls dance. There was only one nice looking girl. All the other ones looked like crackheads. I even saw a girl get mad because someone wasnt paying attention to her so she threw money at him.. Really?? The dancers were changing in the restroom. And there was only one stall..super ghetto. Just go to Xplicit!!!
4	You might think that all strip clubs are the same, and I'll admit that I don't go on a regular basis; in fact, I rarely go at all, but I've been to enough to know quality customer service.Some girls in these establishments are there strictly for the money and their attitude reflects that, while others really enjoy dancing, mingling and providing the kind of customer service (no, not that) that will build a regular clientele.I'm happy to say that Skin Cabaret falls into this category, as the girls are friendly and outgoing.Of course, I live just down the block and am now hoping for free entrance for life! LOLOkay, maybe not for life, but a time or two.
