2	This is an older Springhill Suites.  Conveniently located to much shopping and plenty of Generica restaraunts, but the hotel was less than stellar.  There is a Residence Inn sharing the same parking lot.  I didn't check it out, but would be inclined to give it a try next time.
3	The location is great because you can walk to the huge Fashion Mall, everything else is pretty meh.  It's an old hotel.  The lay-out of the furnitures feels cramped and unintuitive, and the TV is like an early 90's set.  It doesn't really feel like a suite, more like a really long room with a half-wall in the middle.  Nothing outstanding or terrible really, but gonna try some other place next time.
3	I stayed at the Spring Hill Suites as part of a large group of managers in town for a training.  I think for the purposes of business, this was a great choice.  The hotel was located close to our head office and also right across the street from the Chandler Fashion mall, which has plenty of (admittedly only chain) dining options.  In terms of location for tourism, it's definitely not a good choice.  All of our colleagues who live locally complained that the area where this hotel is located is the ugliest, most boring part of Arizona.  It was definitely just a lot of bland, soulless sprawl for miles.  It's fairly close to the airport but not close to anything that would be interesting or pretty to look at.  The service at the hotel was great, except for a weird moment the morning I left when the person at the registration desk shouted, "You ain't oriental!!" when I went down to get my cab.  (The room was under the name of my roomate, who has a Korean name...she was not with me as she'd checked out separately).  Has no one alerted the people of Chandler that "Oriental" is a tad pejorative?  I told my roomate and we had a good laugh about it, but still.  Dude, learn to hold your tongue.Other than that, however, everyone was very friendly and efficient.  There is a computer with free internet and a printer and paper, which was so useful--we all printed out our boarding passes before going to the airport.  There is a fitness center with two running machines and an elliptical machine, and an outdoor pool.  The free breakfast was pretty good, but sometimes they'd get a bit slack about refilling.  Also, the sausages they serve are heinous.  Stick to the bacon!The room was really nice.  There is a little living/lounge area with a bed, coffee table, desk, chair, and kitchenette.  There is a TV there and one in the bedroom.  However the room is all open so it would be a bit tough to have both TVs going at once.  The bathroom was spacious with the sink and mirror area separate from the toilet and shower.I wouldn't necessarily choose to stay here myself but for the purposes of business it was very convenient and the staff generally made life easy for us.
2	I drove from LA to Pheonix non stop in the middle of the night after work on a Friday night to attend my Best Friend's Baby Shower in Pheonix. I should have just taken the day off and drove in the daylight. After a blowout on the 10 freeway at 100mph, and dealing with a AAA driver not knowing anything about how to work on a Mercedes, I was dead tired when I pulled into parking lot of SprillHill Suites in Pheonix around 3am Saturday morning. I checked in and found my nicely appointed room very inviting. I dont know whether it was my Hellish night or what, but that had to have been the best shower I have ever had in my life! The bed was soft and I crashed out pretty much the second my head hit the pillow.When I was walking towards my car, I noticed that it looked as though my trunk was open. I walked over to the rear and noticed that someone had drilled out the locking mechanism and openned my truck, stealing my laptop and the Baby gift I had gotten for my Best Friend. I was pissed I confronted the front desk and they showed me a little paper stating the held no responsibilty to stolen property, which is standard for most Hotels. I called the Police, made a report and rushed to the Target nearby to get a replacement gift.After the shower, I was fortunate enough to find a Mercedes dealership with a service department open on Saturday. They replaced the lock and had to re-key the whole car costing me 900 dollars. I stayed 2 more nights at the hotel, waking up periodically to check to make sure my car was still there. The manager was nice enough to give me a discount on my stay, which eased my anger a bit. The hotel is nice, but I have beef with the parking lot and the asshole that stole my God Son's gifts.
4	Checked in hours ago and greeted by a nice and friendly receptionist. I was given a room in the first floor. However, I prefer to have it on the 2nd or 3rd floor instead. The receptionist told me there is no room available for today, will only let me go to the new room by tomorrow. GOOD service was given!Since this is my very first day here, I will continue to see the service given and update the review from time to time.
3	Decent size rooms. Average quality "hot breakfast". Great location with lots of restaurants and fast food nearby.
5	I have stayed in A LOT of hotels and this hotel was AWESOME for the price. Booked on priceline.com and requested a 2 and a half star hotel and ended up with SpringHill Suites in Chandler.1st thing when I walked into the room was how CLEAN it smelled and looked. It looks like a brand new room. The carpeting was nice and I thought really plush for a hotel. The decor was kind of wild but I loved it.  There were all kinds of freebies up by the front desk. Free coffee, hot chocolate, hot tea, water, an apple, cookies, newspaper and on top of all that FREE BREAKFAST in the morning. I honestly think this hotel should be rated at least as a 3 star hotel if not more. I stayed in a 3 star Courtyard by Marriott just 2 nights ago and this one blows that one away.Pool is kind of small, but I didn't stay here for the pool. Everything was in working order in pool area. Jacuzzi was clean and nicely hot...jets worked great. Hotel is very quiet..and I stayed in a room facing the street.You will not be sorry if you stay at this hotel. I'm not easily impressed, and this one impressed me.
2	we found the staff friendly and general hotel amenities, like breakfast,  ok.However, We did find: the bed was too softthe AC was annoying as there was no way to keep the fan on with the ac as well, resulting in uncomfortable temperature fluctuations in the room all nightGarbage trucks collected garbage at 2:20 am Sunday morning - waking us both.We were put into a room with a shared door resulting in loss of sleep as our neighbors were inconsiderate and had no sense of how loud they were. If would have been nice if we were warned of this at checkin and given the option to choose another, more consistently quiet room.Maid did not refresh washcloths on the last dayFor these reasons we will select a different hotel upon our return to Phoenix.
4	Location is right at 202 FWY and by Fashion Square mall...
5	We had a great two day stay here. Everything is new and clean and the staff was nice as can be.The pillows were plentiful and fluffy and the mattress and sheets were high quality.My room looked just like the posted pictures, which show a studio apartment layout with a kitchen area with microwave, sink, and fridge, and a couch/TV area.Good continental breakfast which had cold and hot options, including waffles and steamed rice with soy sauce.There is a huge beautiful shopping complex across the street with tons of eating options. You should definitely try Chompie's Deli!
3	Seemed to be lower quality than a normal SHS - seemed quite a bit louder than a usual hotel room.  The staff was super nice and the included breakfast got the job done.
2	I am a Gold Rewards member at Marriot, and this one falls a great deal short.1-Had a toilet that would refill itself every 10 minutes or so and be very noisy in doing so like if some one had flushed the toilet kept me up all nite, (thats why I am writing this at about midnight ).2-the TV will not power on.3-I can feel the springs in my bed.4-Why is the wallpaper at this place so funky and out of time?This place seems like it used to be some other type of hotel definitely not a Marriot.but was renovated.Now Ambyr at the front desk was cool and professional. I am glad I am only here 2 nights.
4	This is a no frills place but it was comfortable and the location is great; right next to the highway, mall is across the street and there are a plethora of restaurants. Small pool and small hot tub. They have a mini gym room. Breakfast is served, it is pretty generic and crowded but clean, I would suggest taking the food up to the room. There is a microwave and mini fridge in the room. The walls and ceilings are thin so if you have a noisy neighbor may be uncomfortable, just request a top floor room. Laundry facilities on site are a plus. Sofa is a pull out bed.
