4	The Saint is pretty new on the Stockbridge scene, but its location in a basement on the eclectic St Stephen Street, and its quality food and cosy ambience, have already made it a popular destination for night time bantering. There are two sides to The Saint, with one section filled with tables for diners, and the other section used as a bar area, with a fireplace and a bit of a luxurious, regal, fur look going on. Monteiths up on the Royal Mile has the same owners, but as much as I like the vibe there, I prefer The Saint for a more chilled out, less-on-show experience. The last time I was in for food, my friend and I sat in a little, candlelit seat by the window, which we decided was absolutely one for the lovers, because of its location and looking into each other's eyes feel about it. The menu has a mix of modern, but classic fare, and I've sampled very decent risotto, pasta and lamb dishes every time I've been in. Booking a table if you're planning on heading along at the weekend might be worthwhile, as The Saint is quite miniature, and so quickly fills up with locals.
4	Tucked away in a basement on St Stephen Street, The Saint has a snug and intimate feel. The blazing fire is a welcome touch on a cold winter's night, and you feel as if you could be sharing a meal with friends in a cosy yet stylish country cottage.I enjoyed a fish-themed meal, starting with prawns, and with a fillet of coley as my entree. Luckily I severed this theme for dessert, opting for a sumptuous chocolate and Baileys cheesecake. Portions were on the small side, but beautifully presented and delicious.My friend was very happy with the cheese board, declaring she was as happy as, and I quote, "a pig in s***". Well, quite.
2	I really need to learn how to complain. Sitting eating something badly cooked, mumbling 'it's fine, thanks' when asked, and then coming on here to moan is less than ideal, I know...But anyway, here I am. I really had high hopes for The Saint. It had been recommended by a friend, the web site and menu looked lovely, and the restaurant itself is attractive - dark wood, candles, and an open fire. When Jason suggested we go there, I was excited.The menu is limited at lunchtime to soup, omelettes, eggs benedict and a couple of open sandwiches. You'd think that would make it easy to get things right. But my mushroom and blue cheese omelette was a masterclass in how not to do it. It was overcooked to the point where the outside was blackened, there was barely any cheese or mushroom, and it came with a pile of dry rocket leaves that were probably fresh last Tuesday. Being me, I chewed my way through it, paid, and then whinged once we got outside - and bought a cheese roll in Kay's bar when we stopped in for a pint on the way home.
3	In a word, meh. I'd wanted to go here for ages as it looks great from the outside and just seems to exude that stylish relaxed Stockbridge vibe. Pretentious, moi?So we turned up for lunch on a Sunday. It is indeed nice inside, but not quite as stylish as it looks from outside. A little austere, maybe, a bit like a smart shop window, a bit artificial even. It looked cosy next to the fire but the rest of the place was a little chilly. Fair enough, it was minus two outside, but still.The lunch menu includes omelettes, eggs Benedict, open sandwiches and a couple of more substantial options. I went for my signature dish: eggs Benedict and a Bloody Mary.The Bloody Mary was nice but looked like I make it at home, i.e. not particularly well presented for a restaurant version, and it didn't taste very strong, but it was nice. The food was ok but not great. Eggs somewhat rubbery, muffin and bacon a wee bit underdone. So all in all it was pleasant enough but nothing special.Gillian's omelette was overcooked and even burnt, so I'm glad I didn't get that!So, yeah. Pleasant enough spot, pleasant staff, average food. There are much better places for lunch in Edinburgh. I would give it 2.5 stars if I could but I'll be generous and go for 3.
