4	This is not the place for wimpy car, people who do not like dust, or do not like to do a little manual labor.  A nice rock yard that quickly weighs and loads your truck with rock and send you on your way.  The selection is decent, I guess there could always be more, but thee stones they have work with the local environment.The y also deliver, but not sure of the minimum requirements.  They have big dump trucks, I think they said 20 tons or so.  That is a lot of rock.
5	We use MDI all the time for soils, granite and boulders here at Desert Gardens Nursery. Their black cherry and cinnamon brown (that only they carry) is my favortie. I can call anytime and get a delivery usually with in a day, sometime the same day!
1	I ordered acorn-sized gravel and they Quick to deliver rock to my house. Once they got me to sign, the dumped a covered load of the WRONG sized rock onto my driveway and drove off leaving watermelon-sized boulders on my driveway. Have called at least 6 times, spoke to one of the managers (anthony) and still have not recieved a call back or any solutions. Great company if you get what you ordered, but if they make a mistake don't expect them to fix it. I still have a pile of the oversized boulders in my driveway. avoid this company!
4	Two callused and dirt-stained thumbs up! We had two separate orders of large river rock delivered to our abode, which involved elaborate maneuvering and backing up of trucks through a small gate. The truck drivers were great about it. The rock is exactly what we needed, and the price reasonable (although delivery costs more than the product, natch). My only complaint is that they were late delivering because of truck issues, but no one bothered to call us and let us know. Not the end of the world, but still. I would not hesitate to order rock from them again!
3	Dewey, AZ.  Took samples of our grey driveway rock and our natural soil to help pick a color that was complementary for our landscaping.  The contact on our prior phone call was extremely helpful in giving advice and calculating quantity which would be a 5 star for us.  Free delivery on 10 tons and the expertise of the delivery driver were also worth a 5 star rating.  Where the service was a total fail was in the rock that was delivered to us.  We ordered the cinnamon based on the sample color at the site and were willing to pay a premium price since it matched out color needs so well.  What we received was rock that was mostly dingy grey that is not much different from our cheaper driveway gravel.  It looks like we tried to match that driveway stuff and just made a mistake.  This gravel color is important to us which is why we went to the trouble to pick something we liked.  They do not guarantee the color.
5	Ordered 40 tons of rock for Friday delivery in south Scottsdale. They had 4 trucks in the shop so  they sent someone from Dewey to make.the delivery.as scheduled.  24 tons was delivered by 3:30p and they were going to send the guy back to the Rose Garden yard to get the last 16 tons to finish the order as promised. This would have put the poor driver back.home after 8p on a Friday night!  They went out of their way to honor their commitment. They worked with me so I reciprocated and told them to let rhe driver go back home and to deliver the rest on Saturday. You have my future business MDI!
