1	I have been a regular at Myle's nails for years.  The service has been spotty as is in many discount nail salons but I've returned because the prices are very competitive and nothing terrible has ever happened...until now.The last time I went in for a full set of gels the technician was extremely rough and couldn't understand what I was saying when I told him he was hurting me.  He ground down my pinky nail trying to remove an ink stain that I said was fine and to please leave it be.  It left a painfully sensitive divot in my nail.  Also, he was so rough with the sanding drill and nail file that when I left, every one of cuticles was bleeding.  My fingers were throbbing for two days until they scabbed over.I decided to call and talk to the manager who told me I was "too nice" and that I should have "stood up and said something" about the poor nail job.  He told me that in the future I should call ahead and request someone different (even though they accept walk ins).  He tried to make me feel like it was my fault. I have worked in customer service for almost 5 years and I am not one to complain in order to receive free services or goods. However, the manager should have at least offered me a free manicure to make up for such a bad experience.I won't be back :(
5	I got a pedicure for $30 and it was exceptional! Great for the price. It included a hot stone massage, calf massage, and the nail technician did excellent work. I love Myles Nails and the other review was not deserved.
3	Thursday night is the end of my work week, and I definitely need a little pampering sometimes. A pedicure in a nice massage chair is the perfect thing. It was already 7 pm, though, and I didn't have a plan. I turned to Yelp, and picked Myles Nails based on location (right around the corner from me) and some ok reviews. I walked in and they got me in right away at 7:20 with no appointment, even though they close at 8. I give them leeway right off the bat for that.There were two ladies and a gentleman working. The ladies seemed to speak no or minimal English, but the gentleman's English was native. At first when I sat down in the massage chair, the water jets were malfunctioning, and the water was too hot; the man fixed the water jets, but then the woman doing my nails added *more* hot water. Ouch! Eventually that all got worked out. Also, I was concerned because a small child had the run of the place, and she was laying over the edge of my hot-water-filled foot bath before I sat down, and I wasn't too sure she wasn't going to plop in head first. Yikes. The place has a strong acrylic nail chemical smell, pretty much par for the course, I guess. Myles has a very large selection of nail colors, including many sparklies (always fun). Basic pedicures are $30.The leg and foot massage were really good, lots of attention to feet and ankles, not just calves. The lotion and the hot towel both smelled nice. The massage chair was eeeeexcellent. Maybe it seemed that way because I've been sleeping on a less than optimal bed and I'm really sore in general from it, but that chair did the trick. It seemed better than the chairs at other places I've been to.They didn't rush through my pedicure even though it was going on 8:30 when it was all done. The man that was working did a little swing/salsa type dancing with a client to the cheesy cha-cha muzak after they closed. Fun :-) Even though the end result wasn't as pretty as it could have been, I will give them another shot just because of the rest of the experience. I'll go earlier next time. I'd love to up my rating to 4 stars.
