5	I have contacted 3 Day Blinds serval times over last 5 years. Kimmy Brock has been the sales gal I worked with. Kimmy has been great because she has extensive knowledge of all the products. I am in Interior Design & the hardest part of my job is finding good contractors to work with. I give Kimmy & 3 Day Blinds the best grade....... A PLUS.For my own home I ordered Curtain Panels....I receive so many compliments on my Home. The window treatments look better than a Model home....But are very easy to function. I would highly recommend 3 Day Blinds. Michele /Scottsdale
5	I needed new window coverings throughout my entire house, and I had plantation shutters in mind.  I was referred to 3 blinds by a friend, so I thought I would give them a try and set up an appointment.  Gary Gilbert, the sales/design consultant arrived on time, and after looking at my windows, Gary explained and demonstrated to me why the plantation shutters would not be the best option for my windows.  I agreed, and Gary was able to suggest an excellent, and less costly, alternative.  He took the window measurements and placed the order.  Once the blinds arrived, a second appointment was set up with the installer, who again showed up on time and did a nice clean job on the installation.   I highly recommend Gary Gilbert and 3 Day Blinds. Gary is professional, and an asset to their organization.   You will not be disappointed.Oh, my house looks GREAT!Gary Sisk
5	Gary Gilbert of 3 Day Blinds is professional, knowledgable and just plan awesome!  He knows his product, company, a natural @ interior design and delivers what he promises.  I have worked with Gary for over 5 years and would recommend him without hesitation.  Call him!!
5	gary gilbert did an amazing job on my house!!! he was very professional and helpful.  he had wonderful in-site into the product and was able to direct me in my selection process.   highly recommend using him
5	Kimmy Brock is great. she turns around estimates quickly and I've been pleased to use her services and well priced products over the years. I love her enthusiasm and she knows he stuff!
3	Keelie was our design consultant and she was amazing!  This gal knows her product,  is personable and extremely patient while I tried to make a decision.  She made suggestions and explained the best option for our windows and door.  I would definitely recommend Keelie to anyone looking to make this big purchase. Don, our installer was great; he arrived early and was quite efficient.  He did a great job on the installation.  We were a bit disappointed in the quality of the blinds.  We had previously bought from 3 day and absoulutely loved the look and quality of our blinds.  Because of a change in our windows and slider we had to purchase new blinds.  We expected the same quality; especially since the price was double what we paid previously. We were; unfortunately disappointed.  The quality is not there and the blinds don't always open or close completely; some slats seem to stick in one position and we have to manually move them.  We never had this problem before.  We paid extra for the up graded valance and it is so narrow that when the blinds are open you can see the brackets; I wish I had just gone with the basic valance.  So, newer is not always better.
5	I just had the fantastic Gary Gilbert over to our house yesterday to survey our blinds situation and by the time he left I was thinking, how can I become this guy's best friend? I mean, now that is a great salesman. But really, he was right on time and professional, and most importantly knew his stuff with window coverings! The product is a nice one and it is obvious that the quality is very good. I highly recommend!
1	I have had my blinds for about five or six years. The sales rep who came out and measured told me that the windows were two large and they would have to split the blinds. The installer told me that he could have made them a half inch shorter and made the blinds one complete piece. I am updating my house and I am going to get new blinds for those rooms because by splitting them into 2 light gets into the rooms and it disturbs my guests sleep. I felt the sales rep gave me the royal screw and probably got a bigger commission by splitting the blinds into two pieces. Every time I walk into those rooms I get irritated all over again.
