2	So...last week, the wife decided to switch out her spring/summer wardrobe with the fall/winter wardrobe. What does this mean other than organized chaos in the other bedroom with vacuum bags? It means time to fill the garbage bags with old clothes and move them on to their resting place outside the home. This means donation and goodwill. Been to several Goodwills...even bought something at one or two of them. However, the Goodwill on Freedom Park is less to be desired. While I only dropped off, I tried to find the drop off area and was ignored for about a minute before I started raising my voice for help one the drive by drop off was located. Tried to make small talk with the person taking the clothes, but he wasn't interested...just kept grunting? I'll be sticking with the one of Wendover from now on.
3	This is an outlet. This place is hard core thrift. This is where all the other Goodwill's send their left-overs. Clothes are put in large, raised bins, and you buy by the pound. On a Saturday evening, it was apparently the place to be, and all the household items were 75% off. I could have spent hours in here going through the bins and the large used book selection.
4	Not for the faint of heart... So you are fairly warned. This is an "outlet," the granddaddy of all Goodwill stores. All the leftover double unwanted stuffs are rolled out in big blue shallow plastic bins with zero organization.  Shoppers are provided a roll-y bins the size of a trash can lined with a big black trash bag.  Everything clothing is $1.39 a pound. That included shoes and belts and purses. Household items, books and other individually priced items were 50% off. I stopped by on a cloudy Saturday afternoon before new year. The place was packed. At first I observed the madness, then I decided to just join in on the treasure hunt.  Here are a few tips:1. Don't even think you can possibly dig through everything, it's impossible... keep your focus on finding the good stuffs you want, and don't worry about what you might have missed2. This is where you muster out all the years of trained shopping skills.  Eyes have to be sharp to recognize nice material, where that Ann Taylor shirt's corner is peeking out from under 5 layers of junk. And know your size... At least know how to eye what may fit or not.  3. Do NOT under estimate the power of scanning, as in while you're walking from one bin to another, or simply overwhelmed and need a freaking break, hey, just look around, something may catch your eyes 4. If you are not in a mood to be near any unruly kids, you may want to wait for another day to come here.  Last thing I want to see is your mug shot on local news: "Yelper attacked little brat when toes got ran over by baby stroller"5. In fact if you don't think there's an ounce of entertainment value in seeing adults attacking big blue bins digging for what they think is gold, this place may not be for you.All in all, it was an experience to say the least.  I walked out with $9 (about 6 lbs) worth of goodies, which included a pair of brown leather heels (barely worn), a pair of Express dress pants, 2 sweater tops (one Old Navy, one NY&Co), a denim skirt, a pair of jeans (which didn't fit well ... I didn't know if there's any fitting room... but I didn't try on anything), a maxi cotton dress, a clutch purse, and 3 belts. Yes, that's me bragging.
2	I've gotten used to the "high class" Goodwill that's in Steele Creek and this one is not nearly as nice. Hard core. Like the stuff is barely separated into rolling tables/bins. And the drop-off is not nearly as easy/under cover as the one in Steele Creek.But the people here are just as nice. And once you get past the vibe here, it's a decent place to look over and shop for bargains and save money. But I think I'll be back to Steele Creek going forward.
2	I love this Goodwill. The clothes, shoes, and linens are sold by the pound and everything else is half off.  That said the employees who move the carts are rude and yell at you if you dont obey the unposted rules... so here they are... stay behind the blue line when they're moving in or out carts, dont touch the new cart until they tell you too, keep your kids with you at all times, and pay for the big ticketed merchandise immediately (remove tag from item, go to register, check out, remove it from store). If you break the rules or just dont know them be prepared to be yelled at, glared at, or dismissed from the store. Other than the cart moving employees, be prepared to be thoroughly annoyed by the resellers and (not to be racist or un-p.c.) the hispanics. Both will have multiple carts, block aisles, grab your merchandise, and steal your buggy (not all do this but enough do it that its an issue). Those issues aside you can find a lot of great things here.  I found a 3 pc Ralph Lauren shirt, blouse, and cardigan set here. There's a lot of name brand items and sizes from the smallest of smalls to 4x and more. There's a lot of books and some furniture.
4	Where do I even begin ??? So, I've been here maybe a handful of times. I do not live in NC but I will say, I try to get here as often as I can. First and foremost, I would recommend that you wear something comfortable and only go when you can dedicate some time to actually look at things. Now, as others have said, this place is for the hard care thrift shoppers. You MUST have an open mind and be willing to touch items that you have no idea where they have been! Seriously! .
4	This is the 3rd Goodwill Outlet I've been to in the past 3 days, and ahead of the curve. I'm still not hitting the quality brands I like, but it was a better selection than the 2 other outlets I went to. The selection is HUGE. I got quite the workout going through the bins for 3 hours. I've had some serious scores at the regular GW stores, but this one was positive enough that I'd brave the outlet experience again. I might have gone a bit overboard, some items I wouldn't have bought at the regular Goodwill prices, but it's hard not to get caught up in the bargain basement prices. I did break most of my nails moving huge amounts of clothes through a ton of bins.
3	It's a Goodwill Outlet Center and one like I have never experienced. I will admit I walked in and was like what the *insertcursewordofyourchoice* and wondered what the heck did I walk into. Half of the store is dedicated to clothes which are laid out randomly on tables and you have to sort through them. I'd never seen such a thing at a Goodwill before. But you get a bin and rummage through the clothing and then you pay by the pound. If you have the time and patience, then this is definitely a good deal. The other half of the store is dedicated to furniture and house hold goods. This was more organized but still not as clean as the previous Goodwill location we had visited. Again, the items were priced at a reasonable value and to our surprise the household and furniture items were 50% off. I don't know if it was just the day that we visited or if the discounts vary depending on day.I scored a shelf and plastic storage rack for under $6. Thanks Goodwill!
1	I was shocked to learn there was a place that stuff that didn't sell at a regular Goodwill went to die. This place is disgusting, like wear gloves and a hazmat suit disgusting. I'm not girly by any means but trusting that there are not needles or razor blades or e-coli in the mounds of well used clothes is not possible for me. The only thing that makes this store one star is the drop off, the staff back there is quick, professional and nice.
