4	Yes everyone, a new bubble tea place has arrived to Montreal! This time, it's a well-known one because apparently it's all over the world! I was extremely excited to try this place because they had a grand opening special where it was buy one, get second one free. I came back on Monday with a friend and decided to test out their bubble tea by ordering the classic original milk black tea. Personally I find if a bubble tea cafe can make a classic well, they can make other bubble teas well too. The verdict? Pretty darn good milk black tea. It was the perfect balance between bitter and sweet. In fact Chatime offers you the choice of how much percentage of sugar you want and ice too. For example you can order 30% sugar or 30% ice meaning it's the lowest amount of ice and sugar. I think it's pretty cool they have this option.Now, I was so excited about this place that I went a second time and ordered something different. I had the Matcha Red Bean smoothie with 80& sugar, holy holy it was good. I loved that it was perfectly not too overly sweet and I could taste the red bean and matcha. There wasn't too much ice nor was it diluted.My only complaint about Chatime is their space. I believe it used to be a clothing store and so the spacing is odd. It feels empty and I don't really feel like going there to sit and study, or just sit there for awhile in general. The design lacks a bit interior wise.Other than that, must try their bubble teas if you are in the Guy downtown area.
5	My brother in law is obsessed with Chatime. He lives next to Chatime in Toronto, he drinks it daily, he's crazy like that. So when he came back for the holidays, he was excited to find out that there's a Chatime in Montreal. The space is nice and clean, the service is great, their menu options are crazy. I like that you can customize your drinks, 30%, 80% sugar, ice, no ice etc. the matcha red bean, red bean and taro are awesome, their bubbles are yummy, not too sweet. A great franchise indeed.
4	Wow Chatime is just popping up everywhere. Wandering around Montreal and wanted some bubble tea so decided to get some at Chatime. There was a long wait in front of me and then a few minutes in a long line after me as well. Took about 10-15 minutes to complete the order. Always get the original with tapioca. The tapioca here were tasteless and not sweetened which was disappointing. But it was still perfectly chewy. The milk tea is good. Location was also perfect, right by Metro station Guy Concordia. I'm glad there's good bubble tea joint here just wish the line wasn't so long and tapioca would be sweetened.
2	Everything they have are overly sweet, like sugar is free.....And there is always a long long long line-up. Don't understand why people would have their bubble tea here instead of nos the....
1	This is a review for mostly the service, but the drinks are still not up to the standards of what you'd expect from such a well known franchise. It's popular in Montreal mostly because it's the only place to get a quick bubble tea. The cashier lady is rude and her attitude just makes me never want to spend 5 bucks on their drink ever again. First of all i asked for 1/3 sugar, and she rudely told me "no we don't do that only 20th", to which i said fine. Even though i found it odd since all Taiwanese chain stores do 1/3, 1/2, 4/5, and 5/5 sugar. I know because I've lived in Taiwan most of my life and I've asked for the same drink at almost all bubble tea stores in Canada and USA. When I received my drink it wasn't 1/5 sugar instead it was 120% sugar! I went to the guy making the drink to notify that they made a mistake and their first reaction was..."it's not our fault you must have done something wrong." I told them I asked the lady first for 1/3, but she said they didn't have that only 1/5. She heard me and she retorted "I did not tell you that, i said 120th and we only do 1/3 sugar not 1/5". Um...if i wanted 1/3 and not full sugar why the hell would i want 120% sugar. anyways i was just not pleased with the experience and will never go back to purchase overpriced bubble tea again.
4	Chatime has one of the best bubble teas in North America. I first had their bubble teas in Toronto and immediately loved it.The good:- Great tasting and authentic bubble teas. - Great variety of bubble teas. - Many ways of customizing your tea, such as choosing warm vs. cold, amount of ice, amount of sugar, etc.- Reward card gives you a free tea after 9 purchases. The not-so-good:- The store itself has few seats and is not well decorated or suited for sitting down and enjoying your tea. - Staff service is average at best. - Teas are on the pricier side (5-7$). Bottom line:I highly recommend this place for bubble tea enthusiasts, although the products are slightly on the pricier side (5$+). Suggest you order to go as there isn't much space to sit and chat.EDIT: Grammar and spelling.
4	Probably the best bubble tea in Montreal in terms of taste. But service time is extremely slow and line is long. I guess the good taste is worth the wait.
4	We have tried green milk tea with red bean and pearls.  Good flavor, and chewy pearls, but way too sweet.  Ask for reduced sugar if you prefer lighter version.
4	Huge selection. Up to par with other stores in Toronto. Bubble tea is tasty and authentic. I love having the option of choosing the amount of sugar and ice you want. Decor is not so great - hard to find seats. The price is quite high in comparison to some other bubble tea places, but the quality is clearly different.
5	Had the Matcha Red Bean Milk Tea was very nice, I recommend having it with 50% sugar since the red beans are quite sweet. Staff were polite and didn't have to wait too long for my drink!
5	Although a bit pricier, this is one of the best bubble teas I've had in the city. You get what you pay for and you'll get an amazing bubble tea at this place. I recommend to take it to go. The actual restaurant is not very inviting to actually sit inside.
3	Overpriced for bubbletea (especially for those that been to Asia $5 vs $1). But, the quality is significantly better than other places. I also like how I can customize the amount the ice and sugar in each drink. Recommended for the hardcore fans or for special occasions/discount events. Not recommended as a study spot as the tables are small and limited. In some ways, it is the Starbucks of bubbletea without the nice in store mood.
5	Me and my boyfriend have been looking for a good bubble tea restaurant and we have been to plenty places but none prevailed. I stumbled across this one since we were craving and Ilove it!!! I had the regular milk tea and he had the taro. For most of the vacation i was looking for a real fruit or authentic bubble tea place and the ones I have been to are only powder...yuck. I would highly recommend this place!! it has a cute cafe feel, but not many tables to sit at. It's mostly like a grab and go cafe. It's in downtown so parking is fairly hard to find. They have a website that has some of the choices as well.
4	If you like bubble tea your gonna love this place! Now with that said let me say this tea house has some "very Asian" (for lack of a better phrase) style teas. Some things you won't find at the average bubble tea place. Inside is very small room for about 2-3 people to stand/ wait outside for your drink.
4	Chatime is quickly becoming very popular spot for people who indulge in the artful drink called bubble tea or boba tea. For those that are not so sure what this is check out the description on Wikipedia. Bubble Tea for Asians is a kind of dessert refreshment or similar to Starbucks (except this is tea not coffee and most drinks are cold) where people come for their refreshment of choice.  I've had Chatime in Toronto and I'd concur it's the most consistently excellent boba you can find at a reasonable price.  Also you can customize the level of sugar and ice which is awesome!  Selection is huge and you can go for regular size (around 450ml) or large size (700 ml).    On my visit I went for a L Pearl Milk tea 80% sugar 80% ice with bubbles.  It was just perfect to my liking. creamy with some nice chewiness of the bubbles. Lineups here on my visit was not as long as it is in Toronto (where it's ridiculous) and the place has free wifi and tables for people to lounge and enjoy their BT. The place is packed with students (my guess Concordia and Mcgill) enjoying their teas.  If I lived closer to here I'd here here weekly to every other week. I noticed they do deliver if you have more than 5 drinks within 3.5KM radius.  Pretty cool if you are lazy and/or having friends over.
