2	OH macy's... the only reason I give them an extra star is because I want to host their Thanksgiving Day Parade. What can one say about macy's. Its not exactly the pinnacle of fashion for anyone in any sense. And its definitely not the place to find a bargain. And they have their own brand called the Charter Room. That just makes me irritated for unexplained reasons. YOU LOOSE MACY'S!
1	I would give it zero stars.I work there and their company and management is full of shit.Fuck Macy's.
3	I generally like Macy's, but this location is just ok.  Better prices can be found at Robinson May's.
5	I'm giving 5 stars.  First off, there is no other non luxury department store anywhere even close to me unless I drive out to Scottsdale Fashion Square or PV Mall and when I am having a clothing meltdown (this happens more often than it needs to) the only place I can turn to is Biltomore Macy's.  Thank God, SOMETHING is there to help me find that emergency outfit.  I can always find something to buy here and they just had the most amazing shoe sale-- 50% off already sale marked shoes.  I spent $104 on 4 pairs of shoes.  One pair was originally $100.I'm a Macy's fan, I'm glad they haven't been kicked out, errrr, I mean left the Biltmore.
4	I know Macy's has become sort of an upscale JCPenny. Sort of a really organized Tj Maxx. Perhaps they've lost some of they're luster in the department store mega wars. I still get a kick out of the flagship store at Herald Square in Manhattan. CRAMMED with New Yorkers all riding the old rickety wooden escalators. But here in shiny, pristine Biltmore Fashion Park, is my Macy's. OK, our Macy's. I can't tell you how many times I've lucked out with clothes marked 50% off only to be discounted another 40%. WOW! Items by Just 4 You, Hugo Boss and Kenneth Cole. Yea, I know they're they ugly little step cousins of D & G, Prada and Versace. But hey, my credit cards can only take so much. But be patient. The cashiers, all registered members of AARP, due tend to drag a little. Once, I literally saw an employee's hair turn a few shades grayer while watching her s l o w l y scan my purchases.
3	I would have given this location 4 stars because they have such a great clothing inventory, but the service here is so terrible I have to give it 3. I usually come to this Macy's for their cosmetics department and the occasional amazing clothing sales they have. However, it seems every time I purchase something from their cosmetics dept, the salesperson seems to screw up royally.Twice have I had to return items because they weren't the item I originally wanted. For example, I bought some Prescriptives lipstick and she gave me the wrong color. Noticing after I got home, I had to drive all the way back. "Oops" was her reply.Second time, which just so happens to be today, I purchased what I thought was an eyeshadow brush from the Shiseido counter. Get home to find it's a concealer brush. Now how the hell am I supposed to apply eye shadow with a concealer brush?? Grrrrrr.
3	I remember when they were redoing this store and when they finished all I could say was, is this all they did? There is nothing enticing about the building at all. Good heavens; if you are going to spend money on it at least give it some style. So this is why I say Macy's here at the Biltmore is just A-OK and not great. It does have some great buys through out the year and decent sales folk. I just want more when I allow the world to bask in my glory while shopping.
4	Went shopping here late Friday night...as in 9 PM.This store has always attracted me for some reason.....maybe because it seems like a piece of history or something. There aren't too many upscale department stores left in mid-town Phoenix anymore. In fact none that I can even think of. It's great not having to drive out to the 'burbs somewhere to go shopping at a nice department store. I'm glad this store has survived.Like I said, I went shopping late Friday night so there weren't a whole lot of people in the store so it was VERY relaxing to shop and browse. I decided to get a Macy's credit card and approached a service desk. Literally within 2 minutes I had an account and was ready to go. I know it's the age of technology but getting a credit account at 9:15 on a Friday night in two minutes is pretty cool.Did some more shopping....I mean I had a 20% discount now with the new credit card (discount good for two days once you've opened an account). Got some pretty good deals on the clearance racks.And yes, it's pricey...but it's Macy's. Who doesn't expect to pay more at a department store? TJ Maxx and Marshalls are great options to find discounted clothing....but some of the deals on the Macy's clearance racks were just as good.There were several reviews of this location criticizing the slow service. Didn't get that at all. Granted they weren't busy but the staff was all exceptionally nice and pleasant. Someone was always asking if I needed help, and yes, that can sometimes get annoying but they did it in such a pleasant manner that it wasn't bothersome. They were just trying to do their job. One employee was exceptionally nice. He saw that I had just opened a new credit account and went out of his way to welcome me to the Macy's 'family.' It's stuff like that makes paying  extra sometimes worth it. Bought a few items and was out by 9:40 or so. Great 'old store' feeling, great service, great deals on the clearance racks. What more could you want?
3	For some reason or another this macy's has a better selection of shoes than the one at Scottsdale mall. In the past year I found a pair of Calvin Klein sandals for half off, and they carry the higher end, younger brands- which is great Nordstrom's selection tends to be for an older crowd.
4	this is by far my favorite Macy's the selection is by far better then the others, even fashion square seems to fall flat on my fancy. the fragrance selection is good, and they have my favorite brands of clothing and the clearance racks have always saved me some money.Yelp.
2	Generally I'm not a huge fan of Macy's just because I'm enamored of the brand itself, which is why I feel like so many people love Macy's.  Yes, you have to give them props for longevity, the parade in NYC, Miracle on 34th St.....etc....but companies simply cannot rest on their laurels and assume that bad service is ever OK.  Which leads me to why I'm reviewing this location and giving 2 stars.When me mums was out for Thanksgiving a few weeks ago we went there because she wanted to look at some things for Xmas gifts.  I drove her there and went along for the ride. While we were in the jewelry section she commented on a few items she liked and I made mental notes to come back and stock up for Xmas for her (after she'd left town).  When I went back I was astounded by the rudeness of the employees/disinterest in actually helping customers.After several searching for a sales associate in the jewelry area for about 5 minutes with no one in sight, finally a middle aged white lady appeared in the fine jewelry section. She sort of hid behind a display and when I finally made eye contact with her she seemed completely put off by the fact that I had a question about jewelry.  I told & showed her what I was looking for, but in a different size and when she asked if I was looking for gold and I explained no, silver...she rolled her eyes and wafted me away with her hand back towards the "cheap" jewelry. Fortunately for me (and Macy's) a lovely lady named Shell appeared and rushed over to help me, (despite the fact that I was "only" looking at $100 necklaces in silver).    She was super helpful, friendly and knowledgeable about her inventory, made some recommendations and showed me several pieces.  I ended up getting the $100 necklace AND a pair of earrings from her and she was more than happy to help me, ring me up with me a smile and at least redeem Macy's momentarily.  Shell rocks and should be promoted.  The other lady should get the stick outta her choochoo and stop pretending she works at Tiffany's.On the way out I passed mens fragrance and inquired about some product for my roomie.  The snotty little fashionista twink sales associate scoffed at my inquiry and and rolled his eyes and I thought I better get outta Macy's before my Shell-induced glow waned any further.All said, I got what I came for and have arranged some nice Xmas gifts for mom, but my overall experiences at Macy's mainly serve to solidify why I abhor the mall, large retail chains and would prefer to shop local indie.
5	My husband needed a suit and we didn't have a lot of time to shop. We headed over to the Biltmore dressed in jeans and t-shirts. I was certain we would receive snob treatment for underdressing at the Biltmore. We were pleasantly surprised by the awesome customer service we received in the men's department. We had three associates ask us if we needed help from the moment we walked in the store. Andy swooped in and helped us find two great Calvin Klein suits on sale for under $200! The material was beautiful and the cut of the suit was perfect. He had a keen sense of coordinating shirts with ties that best fit the suits we picked out. We then headed over to the men's shoe dept. Again - the same great experience. We found two pairs of shoes that were marked down 50% with an additional 20% off pre-sale coupon! Our savings for that day were incredible. The best part - the friendly helpful unpretentious customer service! And the fact that we were in and out in less than an hour. I bet you men don't hear women bragging about leaving the store in a quick manner too often!  Then again, we weren't shopping for me.
5	I'm switching it up. I'm going for retail vs happy hour and yummy food. While I normally work every weekend night to pay those bills, I decided to take tonight off to go see a comedy show downtown. I loveee getting dressed up and putting on heels so I had to buy a new outfit, naturally.It was 10 am...I was feeling a little lazy so I went somewhere close as apposed to Fashion Square where parking's usually a bitch. I'm glad I did.Wendell who works in shoes was awesome. He was patient and attentive which was great considering the sales going on there right now and the amount of women who were in the shoe department (women are crazy sometimes with their shoes!)I'm not sure who the other employees were that helped me but they were fantastic as well. They made what sometimes can be a living hell a laid-back experience.Now I've had a great day so far and have an even better outfit for tonight!
3	Macy*s at Biltmore is a definite hit or miss.  If you can swing by the location at Fashion Square, I would suggest them over this one any day.  My experiences only extend to the fine jewelry, watches, makeup, handbag, shoes, petites, and home departments, but I have heard some positive things about the men's section.The primary issue for me tends to be the customer service... or usually, unfortunately, the lack there of.  Even when there aren't many customers around, the salespeople tend to be very snippy and hasty with any questions I have had.  Waiting in line to purchase my items, I would like to be recognized but tend to feel as though I am inconveniencing them by merely being in line.  As a regular shopper on the whole, it leaves a rather negative taste in my mouth and instead of my usual perusing, I find myself trying to get in and out of there as fast as possible.I think housewares is probably the weakest section of the store I have encountered due to the fact that the only way to find someone to assist you is to go to the registry area because there are never any associates anywhere other than there as well as the children's department.  Even help with purchasing items for a registry was a pain and I ended up going for a drive to Fashion Square to complete it.  Granted, it isn't the sales department's fault that their selection is so tiny, I was looking for someone to even offer to check or call another store for me and that service was not extended even after asking for it.The overall selection at Fashion Square is much better and the sales team is much stronger.  I now only visit this location if I have a return since it's approximately 30 minutes closer to where I reside.
1	DO NOT SHOP AT MACY's!!!!  I drove over 60 miles to buy a Rowenta iron that was advertised on a flyer.  i found the iron, but when i went to pay for it they told me I could pay for it, but had to come back on January 26 to receive it!  "What"?  I could not believe what I was hearing.  I asked if they could send it to me.  They said no, I had to come back to the store.  I could not understand the reasoning behind such ridiculous "marketing" but I hope the person who came up with this innovative thinking is immediately fired.  The store was very vacant; only a few shoppers.  Now i know why....and I will not shop at Macy's again.  Too many other department stores who are interested in the buyer!  STAY OUT OF MACY's!!!
4	This macy's has the best selection of Kitchen Accessories. If I need anything Kitchen related this is the place I go.
4	I love the location and easy parking, but the customer service is a hit or miss here.  Some departments are awesome (shoes), but some are like a ghost town.  Today, I got great friendly customer service checking out on the 3rd floor by the undies and bra.  And they have some pretty great sales going on!
4	The Biltmore Macy's is a great location for anyone who needs to get something quick and get out. No worries of parking lots 2 miles away or busy hallways to fight thru. It's selection is not as great as the Scottsdale Macy's and it is a little more cluttered and outdated. Overall, still the first place I would run to for housewares, furniture or clothes.
4	This store is 2 miles from my house so I am there all the time. I find their customer service has been consistently good. Even on Black Friday at 7am the sales help has been very pleasant and very helpful.
5	Aside from the Macy's on 34th street in NY, this one is my favorite store.  They carry all my favorite designers, especially for work clothes.  Not to mention, the shoe department always the hottest selection of pumps.  There's a tiny Ukrainian woman that works in the shoe department, I love her, she is SO patient with me and gives me her two cents as she keeps bringing out the shoes.  I wanna meet the buyer for this store and become her/his bestie.  They also have a personal shopper near the women's dressing rooms.  Not that I'd ever have the need for one but you might.  The sales people are always really nice and helpful.On a side note: I once met this old guy who said he brought Janis Joplin to this store to buy panties when she did a show here.  I've always doubted that story but it never fails that when I go to the lingerie department I tell myself "I'm standing where the late great Janis stood."  She's one of my all times.
3	Macy's...what can I say?  I only really came here because I received a duplicate gift for Christmas and came in to exchange it for something else.  As I was perusing their wares, however, and I came to the realization that everything was horribly overpriced.  I'm not the most frugal gal in the world, but when a decorative pillow (roughly a foot long and 1/2 a foot wide) is $110, I'm appalled.  Ugh...I just wish I could find something I could use here.  Maybe I'll head over to the clearance section!
5	Always like this Macy's it used to be The Broadway many years ago. It was nice back then and it is still nice now.  Lots of parking and there is even covered parking in the garage ,great in the summer months. They carry a nice selection of clothes, jewelry ,cosmetics, and household goods.  The customer service is always good. So i really like them and give them a 5 star rating!
3	A nice place to shop, but I wouldn't want to live there. I never used to be a department store shopper, but recently Ive discovered that nicer cloths just seem to fit better. Go figure. While I still like getting a deal, I usually wait until there is a clearance or sale or some type. The macy's at scottsdale fashion square seems to have more selection, such as more size options for the items you seem to like and a few more items to choose from also. For guys, I would suggest checking out the Dillards at fashion square; the mens dept is about the size of this entire macy's store. 2 or 3 times a year dillards has an awesome clearance event and you can pickup 65% off clearance prices; which are usually already 50 - 70% off the original price.I digress; this is supposed to be a review of macy's. If you're in the biltmore area and looking for higher end quality shopping go ahead and check them out, then travel down camelback to fashion square mall when they tell you the item you like is only available in your size at a different store.
2	A salesclerk sees me with 15 items in my arms and instead of offering to set up a dressing room for me she says "are you finding everything ok?" ummmm......no - I cant find a thing............geez..........are they depriving the sales people of oxygen in Phoenix????  So I lug all my crap to the room alone - no one ever comes to check on me and when I'm ready to purchase, I have to cross the entire store to find an avalable clerk.....and she of course is hiding out by the clothes racks instead of behind the register so I have to search high and low for her..........I predict this is one of the next big stores to fold.......only those with great customer service survive
4	Macy's has great sales that tempt me out of my afternoon sofa slump on weekends, but I never seem to come home with the items I set out to purchase. That's not to say I come home empty-handed! Macy's seems to bring out the impulse-buyer in me. Could be worse, I tell myself. I could impulse-buy at Nordstrom's. But I prefer Macy's atmosphere and staff, it's that space inbetween Nordstrom's and JC Penneys where everything is still pretty upscale but not completely insane. Pretty sure I drive the lovely folks in the shoe department crazy, though, since I insist on walking around for at least five minutes in every pair of shoes I try on. I've bought too many seemingly perfect shoes only to find myself in crippling back pain or besieged with blisters.
4	This Macy's is by far one of the best I've been to. I guess the ones back home are either really over priced and the sales are twice too many picked through, but I found a couple great deals here.I felt like dressing up, we were going out later that night in Scottsdale so I thought a summer dress was in order. I checked the Designer line's sales racks and almost everything I tried on was a score. Still I settled on two really cute dresses. As I was leaving, I noticed another sale in the jewlery department and decided to grab a couple sparkly pairs with bright blue gems to bring out the color in one dress and match the other. I totally left that store happy as a girly girl and off to get ready for a dinner date! :)
4	The shoe dept.  Go there.....or maybe don't go there so I can keep all the cute shoes to myself!Great customer service and I love that this Macy's is easily accesible from the outdoors so I don't have to go thru the mall like I have to at Fashion Square.  In and out!
4	This Macy's is just fine and I live close by so it's always a safe bet when something comes up and I need something nice to wear. I'm a sucker for watches and I'm always in the market for cologne so I have to be VERY careful not to get distracted and buy another watch.Their fall Geoffrey Beene men's dress shirts are amazing and have some of the most beautiful colors I've seen in a while . I already bought one and I may have to go buy some more.
3	I've gotten lucky at this Macy's location (at the Biltmore) a handful of times in the past... with both casual and work clothes, shoes, and accessories too.  The staff has been hit or miss, but selection has always been decent.  That is... until today.I had some time to spare after an afternoon meeting nearby, so I decided to stop by and check out their latest sale.  I was in the market for both myself and my almost one year old son.  I stopped by the shoe section first and was disappointed to see that many of the brands that they used to carry were no longer there.  I was not impressed with the shoe selection at all.  So, on to clothes.  I did find a couple of shirts that I liked: Free People and Splendid specifically (and bonus - there's a decent sale going on, but you do have to go through racks of stuff to find the gems).  But they no longer carry Trina Turk and the quality of what they do carry seemed much cheaper than I remembered.  I also asked a couple of sales people for help and they were not friendly at all.  From there, I went up to the third level to check out the kids' department.  Selection was not good there either; at least for boys.  They had a few cute Carter's pajamas sets and some Ralph Lauren stuff, but nothing amazing that I had to buy.So, for a department store, Macy's is A-OK, but I won't be rushing back anytime soon.  I much prefer Nordstrom's now for my department store shopping!  PS - I'm by no means a shopping snob, so I hope the above doesn't come off that way.  I don't shop that often, so when I do, I appreciate friendly and helpful staff, and of course cute stuff to choose from!
4	The best thing about this Macy's is they have amazing sales, and it's one store I can count on to find an outfit last minute. Free wifi, 3 levels, convenient parking.
5	Men's Watches and Jewelry Department.  I stopped here to see if they had the Emporio Armani watch that I liked and had seen in Fashion Square.  They sure did and I was glad I stopped.  Luxury watch fanatics take note. The friends and family discount is the only one that can be used for certain watches, including Emporio.  The sales assistant was wonderful and even sold me on the extended service plan.  The plan even includes lifetime battery replacement.  I have about 5 armanis and when the watch batteries die, its at least 20-50 smackers per pop.  The $19.99 service agreement was a deal!  I hardly ever buy them.  To top off this wonderful service sundae, she even removed the links on the watch.  This was something they did not do in the past.  Lastly, she asked me to send my friends her way.  I loved that.  Not many businesses ask you to refer them to your friends for additional business.  Even though I'm no fan of Donald Trump, Macy's you are my number one department store!Thanks!
1	Jeff in the shoe dept needs to be called out! I am a devoted Macy's customer but did not enjoy having Jeff help me ..or Jeffrey whatever.. He i believe has been there quite sometime. I think he needs to get his nose out of the air..  He was helping me buy some boots on sale.. And left to then give his attention to some other ladies.. No problem the shoe dept was well staffed .. But they were very busy.. I needed another size and he literally just ignored me.. After 15 minutes ...?? Well he did not get my sale and I will make sure he won't again.. Another lady asked if she could help me and I told her I guess so!! Sorry Jeff but you need an interior attitude adjustment..
4	The selection and prices of this macy's are very acceptable, and the selection is nice.
1	I only give 1 stars for the man shoes department.I went there to exchange a pair of shoes I bough for my dad.because the shoes looks like someone weard and returned it.I bought the shoes at arrowhead mall,but I went back change another pair they send me to Baltimore because they dont have the size I want.ok so I drove all the wall from Glendale to E camel back.when i walked to the man shoes department  I told the salesman that I want to exchange because the one I had it looks someone alredy weard and returned,and the salesman says every shoes will be looks like that when they weard for 2 min.so I asked agian can he help me order on line and shipping to my house.and he says agian even he ordered for me when my dad weard 2min it will looks like that .I am not happy at all.I told him that was a gift for my dad and I dont wanna looks like someone already weard.after that he seems not happy but still helped me order on line.I am not satisfied with their customer service because when the customer need your help to exchange something instead of talking too much you should just help.soo i am not going back to there again I guess.
4	I have a love/hate relationship with department stores. I don't like malls, in general. So this location has appealed to me in that it's kind of a stand-alone entity. You don't have to walk through a bunch of stuff to get to it. The parking (depending on when you go) has on many occasions offered me rock star quality spots so that alone gives them an extra star in my book. But yesterday, the unthinkable, the unimaginable happened. As you may have noticed, due to the 110+ temps going on right now, we are fully planted in swimsuit season. I, call me weird if you want, am not a fan of shopping for swimsuits. I feel that every dessert, every chip, every carb you've ever eaten comes to haunt you during swimsuit season. I marched into Macy's (having another one of their screaming deal sales), grabbed 5 swimsuits (mentally prepared to leave the dressing room in tears) and lo and behold, I fell in love with two of them. TWO SWIMSUITS IN ONE DAY! Did you hear that?!? That was the sound of my ample tookus falling on the floor in shock. That sort of miracle only happens for the fit-bodied or the blessed people who don't care what they look like in a swimsuit. Not for the people like me. The people who know what it's like to be continuously self-conscious, when-did-I-get-backfat, I'm pretty sure that isn't supposed to jiggle, why can't I wear a wetsuit instead so I can cover this flubber...Macy's pulled off a miracle yesterday. I left there feeling pretty damned sexy. That's worth 2 more stars. The final star is for the super sales they have for me whenever I show up. If you want a discount, all you have to do is ask. If you're from out of town, tell the cashier and they usually have a discount for that too. Or maybe that star is for the great shoe selection. It's not my favorite shoe store, but it's definitely my favorite in my neighborhood.
2	Maybe you guys should update your hours because arrived this morning a little after 9 am and they are not open until 10 am.  :-/
3	***This seems like a perfectly okay Macy's with a decent selection, but it is nothing special; service seems friendly***This Macy's is located in Biltmore Fashion Park, which has its own parking lot.  Both pay self parking and valet parking are available.
3	I love Macy's. Most people think it's just a place where your mom tells you to go so she can push her coupons, BUT if you're a shop-a-holic like me who's serious about finding great deals, this is the place to go. The past few times I have been in this Macy's, there's been construction going on. The displays that are set up are always clean and orderly, but if you're anywhere near the construction (which doesn't seem to be making any progress) the place looks gross. I can't speak for any part of this store past the Men's section, but for what a Macy's should be, it's not the greatest. Also, I had to go to quite a few counters before I could find a sales associate to help me with my purchase. Let's be real, I only go here because it's the closest location. It does the job, but I wish there was another store closer.Overall, if you have a Macy's card, a coupon, AND a crazy sale is going on, this Macy's gets the job done.
4	I am all about working the system by combining coupons with sales, and from September to December my "Thanks for Sharing" rebate to get the very best deals at Macy's. This Macy's provided me some of the best deals I have obtained in a long time. How does a $94 Ralph Lauren blouse for $5 and change work for you?! The store appeared very clean, well organized and had overflowing sales racks that contained a lot of quality pieces. I had to make a effort to find a cash register that had a Macy's employee manning it and there was a rather large area on the main floor under construction, thus the one star deduction.
5	I've never been much of a Macy's shopper but this Macy's has made me change my opinion of Macy's!  I really like this location!  The staff is so very friendly, they really go out of their way to help.My favorite department is the makeup department.  I visit the Impulse makeup section frequently.  I love getting free make overs!  I schedule my makeovers with Hannah.  She is the best!  She will help you look great for any occasion and teach you make up applying techniques while she beautifies you.  Trust me, if you ever need too look great----or just want to have fun and maybe learn something----go see Hannah at Impulse!
4	This location seems mellow to me. Has never been crowded when I've gone and parking is easy. The lower level selection (men's clothing) seems adequate. Probably on par with most locations I'd assume. Two thumbs up for the Biltmore Macy's.
2	The shoe department in this store is a mess.  there is absolutely no organization whatsoever and it took me 20 minutes and three requests to even get some help. Once I did, the woman disappeared for about 10 minutes. Granted, it's right after the holidays but if your demand is high, you need to staff your store.
2	I never buy shoes at Macys becuz Nordstroms is the best for shoes and Clothes.. BUT i had gift cards so i went in to use them,, If your buying tennis shoes you have to buy them from the Finish line Dept which is leased from Macy... They were so rude to me the guy was over in The watch dept Talking and they had to call for him..He didn't say a word to me when i asked him t get the shoes i wanted ... When i told the Manager He said I know we hear this all the time .. They are a leased Dept and we  have a hard time making them following the Macy way..
5	When I need a new suit I only buy from Doug. He is extremely helpful and is always looking out for me. He will call me when sales are coming up or when something comes in that I might like.  I have purchased all my suits through Doug and will continue to do so.
3	This is the the cutest little Macy's. It has all the newest fashions scaled down. I shopped in the ladies department and I had no problems. I purchased my items and the clerk was so friendly. I remembered that I need some Armani Code so as I was going down the escalator.  I stopped by the fragrance department. One lonely saleslady out of five that was standing around (holding up the counters) asked if she could help. I stated that I wanted to purchase Armani Code. The lady stated that Joyce could help me. "eeerr, which one of you is Joyce?", I replied. Joyce, another black lady raised her hand. I stated again what I was looking for. It became apparent that Joyce did not work in the department. Joyce asked another sales lady that was assisting someone else where Armani Code was. The saleslady pointed to the display. Joyce stated that she would let me smell it and she walked over to the display. It stated that I already knew what it smelled like, I wanted to purchase a bottle. Joyce again ask the same saleslady where the bottles where. The lady stated, "over there". Ok, now I'm agitated. Over there where? The lady finally pointed to another display. Geez! The disengaged, Joyce rang me up. No up-sale,  No other recommendations. Nothing. I vowed never to purchase perfume from here again.
4	Macy's always has great stuff, but standing in line for 15-20 min is a lot. Great selection, easy parking, great facility.
4	Whenever I go by a book store specially this got stuck and try to go into the store and without any intention of buying them look for some books . eventually buy them. Why , is unknown to me but it is true. Here the books are in a reasonable price and have much of collections and some they give discount or free book on customers purchasing regarded.
4	Prepare to get completely lost and to pay a bit more than you would at another Macy's anywhere else. If you can get past that, this is the ultimate in one stop shopping as far as department stores go, and you will NEVER be able to beat the selection.
4	The Macys Herald Square is the perfect place to shop. Lots of top brands of clothes, shoes, jewelry etc. Great SALES and don't forget to mention that you are on vacation from another country to receive additional  discount.
4	Too many things to do in  Ajo, AZ  to spend too much time in department store.Store employees I came across were very nice and helpful . Lots of renovations, sort of maze like. ATTRACTION: Original wooden escalator, hopefully will not be replaced in the reno overhaul ..would be a shame.
1	Macys won't take links out of a watch bc it wasn't purchased there??? I got it online.  I understand it not being a free service unless it was purchased - but to refuse service that I'd be happy to pay for?  Rude!  Makes me not want to shop there & it's my go-to for shopping.
5	Tom in the Macy's men's department was knowledgeable, courteous helpful, and kept us in budget during our men's outfitting session today.  He's worth your time, is a great male grooming and dressing coach and is excellent all around.  Our futures need a lot more Toms.
