5	May I say "wow - I didn't know service like this existed anymore?"  These guys are GREAT!  Kudos to Chris, the assistant manager, and Glen, the mechanic who took the extra step to help me out of a real bind yesterday.  They are the BEST!!
5	I love Chris. New bff. Ha!I walked in by a referral and these guys are solid. Honest, up front, no sketchy sales pitches.My oil change was quoted at 24.99 and 24.99 it was. It always seems like jiffy tube quotes 24.99 and then it ends up being $60 bucks.No such nonsense here!Highly recommended!
5	I chose this Firestone location about four years ago. I have yet to be disappointed. The staff here is friendly, to the point, and ALWAYS accurate.  This is my ONE STOP AUTO SHOP! Thanks guys!
5	THIS PLACE ROCKS!   I cannot stress enough how awesome these guys are. Management is so to the point. I have been taking my vehicles ( Camry and F150 ) to THIS LOCATION for 5 years now. I couldn't ask for a better place to get RELIABLE FAST FRIENDLY service. If you are in need of ANY repairs I recommend you call these guys FIRST! Sure to be your ONLY Complete Auto Care center!                                                                                                    William McBride
1	I called for time on getting 2 new tires replaced and to see if they were busy. I was asking if it could be done in 30 min i was short on time. they even put me on " schedule" to make sure I was on the road on time. When I got there the guy who was helping me was not only not helping me but took a 5min call while i wait and didn't even apologize about the time. He said it would be about 1 hour. An hour later he said about another 30min. The service is REALLY BAD and if you have a schedule to keep don't come here.
5	Called ahead on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving and set an appointment for 7 the next morning.  Was bringing the wife's van in before she took a road trip to Las Vegas with the girls, and wanted to get the oil changed and make sure it was road worthy.  Guys were quick, courteous, and didn't try to up sell anything.  Found a problem with the tire pressure monitoring system, as one of the sensors was not reading correctly.  They made me aware of it and let me know that I could bring it in to fix it, but that it was good to go if I wanted to take it.  Place was clean, well kept and the guys were very polite and respectful.  I will be bringing in my mother in laws truck this week for some preventative maintenance because I was so impressed.  I recommend heartily.
2	I came in early in the morning letting the tech know that I needed an alignment. My car pulls to the right and I needed that fixed asap. After the service was finished he told me my front left tire goes to the left and they fixed that and aligned everything. He claims everything is good. Soooooo then if they fixed it why is my car pulling even harder to the right and my steering wheel is off point. 2 stars is cuz of them being so polite. The way the techs talks sounds like they dont know what they're talking about.
4	Did a good job of getting us back on the road after a bad blowout. Explained why tire blew, and went over a bad pressure sensor and options on that. There was an issue on getting the right tire from another dealer that took some extra time, but no biggie there.
5	I've been here many times and I've always had great service and they always look out for the best for their customers. I would recommend this place for any car service!
5	I bought my tires here and have been in for oil changes. Today also had a problem with my a/c fixed. Everyone is always very polite and they always listen. When I pick up my truck they explain everything they did. I do always trust a lot of places with my truck, buy I trust these people. Great business!
