5	These guys were fantastic!  I got a crack in my windshield and then an offer in the Val-Pak for Integrity.  I called them -- super helpful, walked me thru the entire process, called my insurance company with me, came out when they said they would, fast efficient and friendly service and very clear, easy instructions on next steps (letting the window cure...etc.).Less than a week later I received a very nice handwritten Thank You card in the mail from Christine Meakin, (I suppose she's the manager, but not the friendly woman I spoke with who did the insurance claim with me & State Farm) with her business card, stating that appreciated my business.  Enclosed was a $50 gift card for Maggiano's Little Italy, Chili's, Macaroni Grille..etc. that I can use at any of 4 restaurants.  Just like they promised!  These guys know how to do business, are completely ethical and on-board and if I ever need to replace my windshield again I would not hesitate to cal them. I honestly wish everyone did business like this!
4	Thanks Glaucus A.  I tried them out based on your review and was very pleased. They did a great job and we did get the $50 dinner gift card.
1	I've used integrity auto glass for three years they have replaced my windshield and fixed cracks.I recently had them fix my windshield again and was asked which gift card I would like.I made an appointment for between 12-3 I got a call at 7:45 am which I didn't answer well they kept calling until I did answer which I FOUND TO BE VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.I never recieved my gift card so I called them spoke to someone who said I was wrong and transfered me over to the manager who argued with me!I was polite and pointed that out to him I was not trying to aruge but wanted them to stick by the word of the customer serive rep who offered the gift card.His response was yeah I know what you want you want free money and no his people didn't say I was getting a gift card and IF they did it was under the assumption that I was getting my windshield replaced.So again i asked if it was offered and I know longer qualify shouldn't I be told I will not get the gift card. His response was I don't know i'm not going to argue about 50 you aren't going to get it.Needless to say my husband and my nieghbor wont beusing them anymore
5	Wow.  The guy that came out to my place of employment was extremely courteous and professional.  He was efficient, and even took note that my windshield wiper may soon need replacement. I'm so pleased with this service.  They were advertised in savy coupons, which is a mailer that I get of coupons, and with the service you get the choice of a $50 Visa card, restaurant card, or Safeway or Fry's gift card. Steve was the guy that came to replace my window.  Great service, and if ever needed, I'd go back to them in a heart beat!
1	This review is on one of the company drivers...For sure the customer service skills need some assistance. Their driver was behind me at a light today and because I didnt try to beat the green light for a left turn( which turns to a green arrow just following) honked repeatedly and was flipping me off...and my child was in the care with me to watch this guy yelling and flipping me the bird. And if the company reads these reviews the license plate was 059 YRJ- bald headed angry man needs a write up!
5	Terrific service. The glass man arrived exactly as scheduled and was very friendly and knowledgeable about the glass.  I was concerned that i would get a subpar product, but he took the time to  explain where it was made and pointed out that it was the same manufacturer who produced my other GM windows.  He was quick and did a great job. I received my $50 gift card in the mail less than a week later.  I'd use Integrity glass again.
5	Fantastic!! I dealt with the owner , Doug, who navigated a delicate situation with an outside company that was unwilling to pay for my windshield that they damaged. Even though he didn't have a 'dog in the fight', he worked quickly and efficiently to resolve the situation. Fred, the installer, was equally caring and professional. I am a customer for life!
5	Great Job Guys! Going to use you again for my wife's car. You make it so easy one call and its done! I especially like the timeliness of the repair and communication that your staff had with us
4	Pretty easy to schedule and the guy that came out did a great job.  I thought he did some high quality work.I called them for the $50 gift card.  I had the understanding I would have this 2 weeks after the install and it was closer to 3 weeks.  Just keep that in mind.Overall, I'd use this company again.
5	Great service and high quality glass installed in my driveway at home the day after I called. They worked everything out with my insurance company so I paid nothing out of pocket. I would definitely use them again and feel comfortable recommending them to anyone.
1	Had appt set up for 430pm. The wife called me at night to see about coming sooner...I explained why 430pm worked but it was more important to work around their schedule. ...then the windshield sounds like there is an air leak. Daniel said next week to see if there is an issue. All I get is the run around.  Don't use this company.  Bad service Nd bad work ethics
5	Very easy and convenient process.  Everyone was polite, professional and had terrific work ethic.  They do fantastic work on both chips and full replacement (I have used them for both).  The entire staff is sincere and made sure I was taken care of with my insurance company as well.
5	I had my windshield replaced a few weeks ago. It was very easy to set up an appointment and they helped me with the claim through my insurance. They were able to schedule replacement quickly and on a Saturday of a holiday weekend!  The installer was professional and efficient.  It was so convenient to have someone come to our home. I will definitely keep them in mind if I need another windshield replacement or repair.  I would be happy to recommend them to family and friends.
5	I had a great experience with Integrity a few days ago. I called them monday set up an appointment for tuesday, Chris was early and done in a flash. He explained everything to me, now I am just waiting on my gift card to come in the mail.
5	What a great company to deal with. From the girl on the phone being very friendly and helpful, to my installer Mike who showed up a couple minutes early and did a great job; the entire experience was very smooth and was handled very professionally. I couldn't be happier. Thanks Integrity. I'll be sending business your way.
5	I had a great experience with Integrity a few days ago. I called them monday set up an appointment for tuesday, Chris was early and done in a flash. He explained everything to me, now I am just waiting on my gift card to come in the mail. GOT MY GIFT CARD AND SPENT IT ALREADY.....
5	Making the ppt was simple. Mike showed up  on time and was super friendly. It was obvious he has a great deal of experience and is highly skilled as the windshield was replaced in minutes. If it was possible to award more stars, I would!
5	Very, very, happy with Integrity Auto Glass. I called them and they got my insurance on the line and my windshield was replaced  within 48 hours. Very professional service from the installer Steve. Highly recommend
5	I had a great experience when having Integrity Auto replace my windshield. The fact that they are a preferred auto glass dealer for my insurance and how efficient they were with my insurance company made the claim go through no problem. The appointment was set to work around my schedule and the technician was even 10 minutes early. He explained all he was going to do, and what to look for after the work was done. I will certainly use Integrity Auto again if I ever need the windshield or any glass work done and would refer them to all friends and family.
5	I would highly recommend Integrity Auto Glass to anyone who needs auto glass service because of their outstanding customer service. They worked efficiently with my insurance company to ensure my claim was completed correctly. The customer service representative that I worked with was very knowledgeable and friendly. When the time came for my windshield to be replaced, the technician arrived on time and completed the work in a timely manner. Overall, I could not be more satisfied with my experience!
5	Thank you Intergity Auto Glass. Great service. Great outcome. I would recommend and use again. The AMEX gift card was just a bonus on top!
