2	This used to be a different gas station a few months back. It recently reopened as Decatur Sunset AP.  Not sure if the gas pumps were replaced or not, but on my last visit to get gas the card readers on the pumps were out of order (on every pump). There was no sign stating this on the pumps either, the readers just didn't do anything.Going inside to pay for gas isn't THAT big of a deal.. if doing so works. I had to go back in a second time because my pump was still telling me to pay inside. As did other customers.It literally took me 23 minutes to gas up from the time I pulled in to the time I drove off, because I had to stand in line twice before I could pump gas. I think I will give this gas station a few more weeks to work out these kinks before I try gassing up there again.
1	This by far the worst am/pm around. The gas pumps are always down in the morning. Only thing you can do here basically is go in the store and buy things. What's with the pumps always down in the morning ? A lot of people fuel up before work or getting the day started. I guess you can't get gas in all the am/pm hours. Who ever runs this place needs to get gas available at all times. Horrible place this is.
1	A gas station that is always out of gas. Wth. Its like Mcdonalds being out of fries.There are businesses nextdoor with hundreds of commercial vehicles that could give them a ton of business, but everyone refuses to go there for anything. So do I.
1	STAY AWAY unless you're desperate for gas like i was. They don't accept credit cards at the pump and if u use a debit card it's an extra charge. After wasting time figuring out they don't take credit cards I went and had to pay there. When I came back out, the gas price was higher than what was advertised. I did not have time to go back in and ask wtf but I'm sure the clerk would say it's because I paid with credit card!? TOTAL SCAM and it's a dump. Seriously, more so than normal gas stations.  Lol
1	There pumps needs to be upgrade. When they rebranded from sunset/Decatur XP to Arco Am/Pm. They remodel everything except the pumps. The pumps are so old and haft of them don't have debit card swipe machine. But then there's some with a screen and some don't have a screen and just has the debit card swipe machine. The ones that has both the screen and debit card swipe machine. The screen then will display "the name of the card system on the pumps with needs upgraded to newest software". Usually Arco puts in new pumps before they open a new store. But they did t do anything with this station except some makeup and new signs/paint, then they called it quits and they reopened.
