5	The Downtown Ambassadors are part of the Downtown Phoenix Partnership.  They wear orange polo shirts and are walking or riding their bicycles all over downtown.  They can answer questions, give directions, and much more.  On Saturday, I was with a group of 7 people (4 of whom were kids) all wanting some ice cream.  There was no shops open at City Scape that had ice cream.  I found an ambassador in 5 Guys Burgers and Fries who was probably trying to order his lunch.  He was more than happy to direct our group to the Cold Stone Creamery at the Arizona Center.  He gave excellent directions and let us know it was a bit of a walk.  Also, the ambassador knew that Cold Stone Creamery was having a kid's special.  Thank you for helping us.  Once we got to the Arizona Center and ordered our ice cream.  We sat, ate, and visited while relaxing.  One of the kids ran off to use the bathroom and got lost.  We got assistance from another ambassador.  He found her and she was safely returned.  Our day downtown was helped along by our ambassadors.  Thank you for all your help.
3	I was a little disappointed with the lack of things to do in downtown Phoenix. On a Saturday afternoon/evening, it was difficult to find a single open restaurant or coffee shop. There also weren't any stores or shopping centers around. The stadiums are awesome, but they aren't of much use when a game isn't going on. There were plenty of parking garages, but I wondered for what people would need to park. This was all surprising to me for the 6th largest city in the U.S. Personally, I find Scottsdale, Tempe, and other greater Phoenix areas to be much better for recreation than the heart of the city itself.
3	Was hoping for more to do around downtown phoenix, but most of the places seemed quiet, not as many people walking around downtown streets. The places we wanted to go to were farther away (like camelback, and the Botanical gardens). Did like the little area around the ballpark as well some restaurants such as The Strand.
5	I Love Downtown Phoenix. Why? Well it's has lots to offer from Mexican food to Italian food. The shopping is great (I love the modern bohemian, charming Charlie, and JoS Bank) the recently opened hotel palomar was also a great added bonus with a pool, and bar. And soon there will be apartments built next to the palomar hotel. Can't wait!
3	I'm just going to call downtown Phoenix the sleepy downtown in the middle of the desert.  Sixth largest city and it felt like the 25th.   Stayed at the Sheraton a few blocks north of the the heart of downtown.  The cool thing about downtown is that is is very neat, well kept and has a "deserty" modern feel to it.  Chase Field and the US Airways Center are right next to each other, and there are plenty of hotels you can pick from.Besides a few restaurants that were in the hear of downtown,  I was surprised to not find much going on. Even went running all throughout town and didn't see much activity going on.  While this isn't a bad thing, I expected a little more since you had two major sporting events going on the Saturday night we were there.  Where's the life? I totally missed it...
5	The ambassadors are an awesome community resource for all who live, work and visit downtown Phoenix. They are here to help facilitate the experience of all. Stop by their visitors information center on Adams St between Central and 1st Ave. They have their finger on the pulse of what's happening every day!
