4	I don't think that many people know that Norstrom has a cafe. Not the ebar downstairs that sells water and quick snacks, but an actuall cafe where you could order soups, salads and sandwiches. And it's good, too!I came here for lunch and didn't know what to expect. The format is a bit off, in that, you place your order at the counter and pay, but then you are seated and a copy of your receipt is put on your table. A server will then come over, bring you whatever it is you ordered to drink, and serve your food. Regardless, I was pleasantly surprised with my experience here. They offer two soups every day, the first being a tomato basil soup and the second being the soup of the day. I ordered the tomato basil - delicious! It was nice and thick, but not creamy and heavy, it was served piping hot and it completely hit the spot. I also ordered a half a sandwich (which you can do when you pair it with soup). It was turkey breast with a pesto mayo and fresh mozzarella on a soft garlic roll - I could not eat this fast enough, it was so good! Great service, great food, and a quick experience for those of you who are on the go. Nordstrom definitely did a good job here!
5	At last, a "big-city" standard- the department store restaurant.Very stylish, with great food, and pretty inexpensive.  Definitely beats the food court.  Sometimes mobbed at lunch on Saturdays but definitely worth it (plus the bar selection is a plus!).
5	We always try to stop here if we are at the mall anywhere near lunch time.  I always get the same thing, which is actually exactly what alessandra described.  It always does hit the spot!  They have a Thanksgiving sandwich - turkey, cranberry, havarti cheese - that my husband always gets and loves it.  I have tried it and I agree - it's great.
5	This cafe remind of my aunt restaurant in France. Aah.. Home Sweet Home. The cafe has a nice layout, has very antique feeling to it. Great foods! I love their Jambalaya!! oooh sooo good.. And the foods are alway fresh, so you actually taste all of their ingredients! And also its located in Nordstrom, so after I'm done eating I can go shopping! This cafe is a awesome place to stop when your shopping in Nordstrom.
4	Great place to grab a nice meal that doesn't rob you of every dime!  Easy, quick...and you can grab some shopping too!
5	The Turkey Cranberry sandwich and the Horseradish Roast Beef sandwich are the best!
1	I used to love this place....until I got food poisoning. I know one other person who got sick from eating here too recently...definitely not going back.
4	My daughter LOVED her first lunch here, and wanted to treat me this Saturday afternoon.  She ordered the same Chicken Mozzarella on Parmesan ciabatta she had the first time, and I ordered the Cranberry Turkey on multigrain ciabatta.  Both were outstanding!  The bread was perfectly crispy on the outside with a healthy covering of grain on mine and dried Parmesan (yum!) on hers.  Everything tasted fresh, and after trying her sandwich, with the amazing pesto aioli, I couldn't decide which I loved better.  They were completely different, but one just as delicious as the other.  Not to mention the dressing on the side Caesar salad.  It's a bit pricey per sandwich, though, ($9.50 & $9.75), with only a side of a handful of chips, which is why the 4 stars vs. 5.  Great table service too!
5	This place is really surprising to me. The place has great food and a reasonable price. I always get the Margarita Pizza, it is my favorite Pizza anywhere. The tomato bisque is really nice too.
4	This is a nice little spot to grab a meal while at the mall. Food is good and reasonably priced. Much better than the food court! Tomato soup is excellent, sandwich's, pizza, all good.
1	Hungry for lunch and not wanting to walk any further my husband and I decided to give nordstrom cafe a try. They have a self order counter where you give your cashier your order and pay for your meal before choosing a table. The cashier was not welcoming,disinterested and rude. Surprising to me as I have always admired  nordstroms commitment to providing great customer service. After sitting down we were shortly greated by the server. I asked her what the cashiers name was. She said "Why you don't like her" I told her she was very unwelcoming and she said we were the third table to complain about her that night. The food was good although I don't know if ill be back if the beginning of my meal starts out so unpleasant.
5	Perfect spot for a quick and casual (always delicious) lunch. My mom and I come here for their salads or get them to-go.I've never had a bad meal here.A few of my favorites:Cilantro Lime Chicken SaladSalmon Nicoise SaladChinese Chicken SaladI've heard their sandwiches and soups are fantastic too but I'm hooked on the salads.. Love this place!
5	Had a GREAT experience! Great food, fabulous waiter, and the cornbread (believe it or not) will blow your mind!
