4	Very cool place.  I went there to get some bottle caps for a homebrew kit that I ordered online and they were there to help and answer any questions from the minute I walked in.  I kind of wish I knew about them before I ordered my brew kit online.  I will definitly be going to them for all of my beer brew needs.  They had everything and seemed very educated about all things beer!
4	Ok I don't brew...but if ever start, this is the place to have in mind. They have all sorts of ingredients and materials you'll need to brew your own beer. If you will start, they have different kinds of starters kits. My friend bought some yeast and other things he needed for his beer. People there were very kind and helpful.
5	These guys are great. My husband loves to homebrew, and we always go here to get supplies. The employees are always friendly and knowledgeable. I also love that we can go in, say, "Hey, we want to make a beer that tastes like (whatever brand)" and they usually have a recipe for a similar tasting beer or can at least point us in the right direction.Bonus points to the employee with the massive beard (which my husband is envious of)- thanks for letting us know about how quick of a walk it is to Four Peaks from Brewers Connection. Made for a fun afternoon of shopping for beer supplies and then getting a quick celebratory pint. :)
5	If you have no clue about homebrewing, homebrew supplies, or any of the terminology DO NOT HESITATE to come in.  Jeffrey Haines is highly knowledgeable, friendly, and has got myself and many of my comrades started in the art of brewing beer.  They have a large collection of partial (or all grain) mash recipes that you can buy as a kit with good directions.  Check their facebook page for the sale of the month (usually about $30 for a 5 gallon recipe). The only negative's which aren't worth taking a star off for are the directions are in paragraph form (probably to fit on a single page) and the website is AWFUL!
4	Bought my starter homebrew kit from here a few months ago and have made several more trips since, as well as a few batches. Everyone is very knowledgeable, but more importantly, extremely friendly and eager to share with you what they know about brewing. I've even had another customer share his clone hoegaarden recipe with me, which the employee gladly copied for me.They seem to have pretty much everything you need, including a really thick book of recipes. My only complaint is that their prices for equipment, in particular, are significantly higher than other places I've seen online. So, you either support a local business with friendly staff and a wealth of knowledge or shop online to save a little money. I guess it just depends on the scenario but I will definitely continue to come here for all things beer, wine, even hard cider homebrewing-related!
4	Great customer service and good selection of grains and yeast.
5	Excellent selection of yeasts, malts and hops and all kinds of random cleaners, enzymes, additives and other stuff that I have no idea what it is. If it's for making beer or wine, they have it. Only encountered one time when they didn't have a Lacto strain I wanted and they ordered it for me and called me when it was in. Prices seem pretty standard for homebrew shops. They don't skimp on ingredient quality just for a little bit lower price, and they aren't ripping anyone off either.Bring in (or email them) your own grain bill or come in and tell them what kind of beers you like and they will help you out, or you can just take a look through their recipe books. I made their Pumpkin Porter last year and everyone I know liked it more than Four Peaks'.They always answer any questions I have, are always friendly and don't even mind me tasting a few grains of different malts to see the flavor difference between them.Highly recommend. Like getting homebrew supplies (that you have to pay for) from a friend.
5	Fantastic brewing supply store, the staff is incredibly helpful and friendly. I'm an amateur first time brewer and i had a really positive experience each time I've been there, very helpful with all the questions i've had. Wonderful resource for all your brewing needs!
2	I threw all my stuff away when I moved down here so wanted to get the basic supplies and ingredients for my first 'restart' batch. It was crowded there so I started gathering my stuff. The staff were very helpful, but you could tell there was a little acrimony between the manager and his employees. I'd say stuff here is about 30% more expensive compared to buying online, which I'll do next time.  Some things that bothered me:They put the UPC paper sticker on the bottom of the racking cane, not the top, so I had to really clean off the sticky goo that I didn't want in my beer. The bottom filter of the racking cane fell off in his hands when the dude was giving it to me - when I got home it turned out it was broken. I think he should've given me another one, but I'll chalk that up to my not being a careful buyer.They actually have the gall to charge a $1.50 deposit on the malt extract (wtf ??) plastic container, which is a cheap plastic piece of junk.Anyway, it's one of the very few brew supply places here in the PHX area (probably because of the internet) so if you're just a beginner and/or you want to start quickly I'd recommend, but I'm purchasing everything else online. I'm definitely into supporting local businesses when possible, but not at such a steep price.
5	Best brewer supply shop in Phoenix. Staff is helpful and knowledgeable with all aspects of brewing. They even do brew outs on the weekend with ASH that are pretty cool. This place is great for everyone from never brewed before and just interested to pros.I go here quite often to use their recipes or my own for brewing. If I ever have a question or just want some input on something, they never let me down. Can't say enough about what they do and how they do it.
5	Marijuana legalization may be slowly coming to America these days but in 1979 another green herb started becoming popular (yes, hops) when the signing of Bill 1377, by Jimmy Carter, made brewing beer at home a legal versus an illicit affair and since then, interest in brewing one's own beer has only grown (I have no explanation for the surging popularity of owning chickens but that is a whole different issue). Well, if you live in Tempe, and want to start making your own beer, rather than paying $9 plus  tax for a local micro-brewed six-pack, then this is the place you need to go! You can get yourself a starter home brewing kit, make your first batch (first born pale ale, delicious) and then let your addiction to the use of the already legal and increasingly popular herb, hops, just keep growing as you improve the quality of your supplies and start making an increasingly varied array of beers to consume on your own or even better, start sharing with your friends. The store has a big book of possible recipes and you just pick one out, they give you a copy and will quickly put together the supplies you need to make the next magical batch of home brew. Currently I've got the Hammered Rye Pale Ale and a local recipe Hefeweizen (Dry Heat Wheat) happily fermenting away in my own humble abode. By the way, if you have questions, ask away, the folks who work in the store also brew  their own beer and if you join the local Arizona Society of Home Brewers you'll see those some folks attending the monthly meeting of that group, tasting a multitude of locally brewed beers by your fellow home brewers, right along with you. Hey, they might even raise their own chickens as well, you never know!
5	I cannot support this store enough.  Sure you might be able to get your kit and ingredients cheaper through another website, but you will NOT get the 1 on 1 guidance and direction that comes by visiting these fellas.  They are incredibly friendly, and always have a good recipe on hand to suggest or recommend.  You can get everything you need for brewing beer or wine here, including specific and special ingredients that you might want to experiment with.  I will always recommend them and support this beautiful local business.  The only suggestion I would add is that they offer labels for the DIY brewer... luckily I've got a guy!  If you are even considering home brewing, come here and chat with them, they are excellent!!
5	This place is great. My husband and I started brewing a few years ago and have never gone anywhere else. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. It's a great place for beginners and people that have brewed for a while. They offer kits and great recipes shared by those more inventive!
5	I've been a regular customer of this place a few years now, and really love coming here. They have an excellent selection for the relatively small floor space -- the liquid yeast selection alone is impressive, and it's rare that I ask for a hop variety they don't carry. The staff has always been helpful and friendly to me, and very knowledgeable as well. I also really like being able to email in an order ahead of time.Prices are a little higher here than online, but with shipping factored in, it's pretty close for most items. Plus, if it's only a few bucks more, I'd rather put the money into the local economy and get my stuff immediately.
5	One stop home brew shopping for the Tempe/East Valley area.  These guys have been in the business for over 20 years and can answer any questions you might have.  A great selection of equipment, as well as plenty of recipes and ingredients on hand, make this the only place you need to go for your home brewing needs.
5	Great place with prices comparable to online shopping. The staff are more than willing to help even the most inexperienced of brewers.
5	Friendly place with knowledge of products and instock items hard to find elsewhere. I like going there because I get what I need. I keep going back because they have what I want and need. I know supporting this place also is supporting local business which I really like to do. Sales people help you instead of running away from you like they do at Home Depot
