4	I dropped in to ask about hydroponics, as I was totally clueless.The guy holding down the fort offered me a very large compendium of gardening that included a very informative section on hydroponics (but was very helpful in most every other area of gardening). The book cost about $20.This is a very large warehouse that should satisfy the needs of every contractor or landscaper.
1	I bought a book at closing and it was the wrong one I called the next morning and was treated worthlessly and Walter said 'fine bring it' and hung up. I came in and asked if I had talked to him then he became hostile/rude then kicked me out and said I don't want ur business bc I had asked about a book for marijuana and that was out of line? For your store. RUDE! Go to Amazon and get it 25-50% cheaper trust me. And u don't have to be abused. Ps the book was for my brother with his med. card in cal.
5	For almost a year now I have been  dealing with this store (Primarily the one on Dean Martin). Throughout my endeavors the staff has been kind and helpful. I have enjoyed very fair pricing and vast supply inventory. Last night a digital ballast failed. Having thrown out the receipt, I was in a bit of a panic. When I called, the gentleman told me to bring it down. When I did he tested my burnt out unit, went behind the counter and handed me a different one. That's it. No hassle. I mean that is what I wanted, but how often as consumers do we actually get it? I love this store. If you are interested in the hydroponics world, this is the best place to go. Thank you Advanced Gardens!
5	John helped me and my wife out were having twins and want to try hydro gardening here in the desert, SNWD sprinkler limitations makes it hard to do a traditional one, so we recycle our water each week in a soilless mix and it's working, until we found out the hard way you need to nutrient the water in a system like ours hum? Guess that was a f-up on my part but thanks to a visit here John helped us out and we didn't loose any plants but probably stunted their growth a little. But at least we are growing our own food in the desert heat cool
1	These guys are definitely some con artists. I am a grower myself. I went in here looking for certain types of light bulbs. The guy manning the counter kept lying to me in an effort to get me to buy the overpriced CRAP they were selling.I asked him if they had LED lights and he had the nerve to say LEDs were crap... really dude? Cause I'm using LEDs right now and I'd say they're the best bulbs I've ever used. This guy was only saying that about LED lights because he wanted me to buy this super duper OVERPRICED high pressure lights he was selling.They also sell liquid fertilizers like FoxForest and Advanced Nutrients products and even those are marked up like crazy.Just to show you how much of a JOKE this guy was, I went to Big Lots RIGHT DOWN THE STREET and THEY had full spectrum (daylight) LED bulbs and CFL bulbs... I am using them right now and they work WONDERFULLY... and they were only $30 for the LED lamps and $2 each for the CFLs.... but this hydro store was trying to sell me HID (high pressure) HPS grow lights for $150 - $2000 SMDHPlus, I would ask this guy if he had certain products and he said no... then I walk around the store a bit and the product WAS there... just way overpriced... so this guy isn't even familiar with what products he does or doesn't have in this little storeMy advice to EVERYONE reading this is to go to Amazon or Ebay for your liquid fertilizers ... and go to Star Nursery (further west on Blue Diamond) for any type of dry ferts cause these guys are rip-offs
1	Absolutely horrible service. I walk in and the guy behind the desk is sitting there petting his dog. Does not even acknowledge me until I walk up to him and tell him what I need. I need a 600 watt HPS light bulb. I told him I want what ever is cheapest. He turns around and looks at the lights saying something to me with his back turned. I can not understand at all over the music let alone with him not even facing me. He finally turns around and says I have this one here which is the exact same light I already have. Plantmax 600 watt. He wants $80.00 for it. I tell him i've seen them online for $23. Instead of asking where or prove it or let me see what I can do he hands me the bulb and says buy it online and walks away. Great professionalism. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AT THIS LOCATION OR THEIR OTHER ONE. I REPEAT DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY. Only reason to go to one of these stores is if you want to get little help from rude unprofessional over priced A-holes. Just google plantmax 600 watt hps and go to their shopping area. 1000bulbs.com has them for 22.50. I bought 2 of them and with regular shipping price came to $55.43. Two bulbs plus shipping for roughly 70% of the price Advanced Gardens Hydroponics wanted for a single bulb.
