4	The Java Worx is a locally owned coffee cafe that is a great alternative to the chain coffee places that are in Anthem! Not that I'm calling them out but you know who they are, their name starts with a star and ends with a bucks...The Java Worx offers an excellent organic roasted coffee that is exceptional smooth from the front to the back of the mouth.  I had the "Java Pressed" coffee this morning that is coffee ground to an espresso consistency then steeped for ten seconds and then pressed through an air press. It was delicious! They also offer latte's and espresso's of course.  They have a selection of pastries, cakes and cookies that come from a Brooklyn market including a yummy black & white cookie!  They also offer a few bagels and sandwich wraps if your dining for lunch.  They have some comfy couches and chairs for reading and different sizes of tables and chairs for meeting with people or surfing the web on your I-Pad or lap top.  It's a very comfortable place and easy to loose track of time while talking and/or debating about the local news with some neighbors and friends.This is a great place to visit and have a wonderful tasting cup of joe!  Hope to see you there!
5	Friendly and relaxing. The coffee is smooth and fresh. It is hand tamped and not all run by machines and simply pushing a button, coffee is more complex that that and Java Worx employees understand that.Coffee is not burnt like u know who, and the coffee is roasted in Cave Creek so it is fresh.Great place to sit back and relax or study for your big test; check it out!Also they have movie nights on the big 10 foot screen and sometimes they have live music and somtimes karaoke! How fun is that.Java Worx is recomended in my book :-)
5	Hooray!  A real coffee house, family owned and run, beautifully decorated and displaying art by local artists. Internet is offered as is a big screen tv. and the couches and chairs are comfy enough to sink in for awhile. Jim and his wife are outgoing and friendly- it's evident that they aim to please and to make you feel right at home. Music is offered on the weekends and pastries, sandwiches and teas abound. A good place to relax and meet  people and chill. I hope folks can breakout out of the franchise mindset and give themselves a new experience as well as a treat. I'll be back.
5	A Friday night must!  Awesome beverages and lovin' the open mic night!  The owner really makes a big effort to welcome and get to know every patron.  The mocha was perfect and the pastries look fantastic, should have taken one to go.  I think they said the coffee beans they use are all organic (not sure).  I The place has a very comfortable feel about it, big plush sofas accommodate larger groups.  Come by next Friday night you won't be disappointed.
4	This is just what Anthem needed as a more relaxed alternative to the ubiquitous Starbucks. Very friendly atmosphere, lots of comfy seating, free wifi and a good cup of Joe. What's not to like?
5	Comfortable and friendly, Java Worx is a great place to hang out if you somehow find yourself in Anthem. I had an espresso. On Fridays they have an open mic with music and comedy. Everybody was cool. They served free salsa and chips. The day I went, there was a thin crowd, but apparently it can get busy during the open mic, which is from 7 - 9. Great staff, beverages, and patrons.
5	This place is great! It's cozy and inviting with a great cool, slow atmosphere. The staff is absolutely outstanding. They've got a pretty cool little menu with lots of options for customizing your drink. They'll make just about anything you ask them to. Also, I must emphasize on their WRAPS! These are some fatty stuffed things, made to order. Absolutely worth every last penny. Also, every friday night they have an open mic which is a great place to spend the evening, considering everything else in Anthem closes extra extra early.I will continue frequenting this establishment to continue enjoying the food, drinks, and music!
3	I'm gonna be the bad guy here and give Java Worx something other than 4 or 5 stars.I REALLY wanted to like this place. God knows Anthem needs a non-Starbucks coffee shop. I gave it two shots (no coffee pun intended) and wasn't impressed. Pluses: The coffee is good, it is hand tamped as Elizabeth (who is the owner's daughter and an employee - I went to high school with her - can we say 'biased'?) stated. I say good, but it is also nothing special, no distinctive flavor that I can pick up on. It's better than the hit-or-miss that is the Starbucks next door though. They also sell some neat art pieces by local artists that are fun to look at while you wait.Minuses: The menu is on a TV and vanishes every 5 seconds (rather irksome if you want something other than your normal drink).  The kids working were slower than molasses both times while I was the only customer (and I've been a barista, don't spit me "good coffee takes time" - this was nothing to do with pulling the shots or foam art or whatever else).  The one teenage guy working seemed like a total airhead - think the singing prince in Monty Python's Holy Grail. My main irk, however, has been the employees sitting at the bar, chatting to the employees behind the counter. One appears to be the owner even. For some reason this really grinds my gears. I felt like I was interrupting to place my order, and there was this awful awkward silence while I did so, until they could resume their chitchat. Never even a "Hi, how are you?" upon approaching the counter.And no, I'm not just being bitchy because I'm used to the canned cheerfulness of corporate coffee. I GET family business - my family has owned a retail store since I was 8. Sitting behind the counter and chatting to your dad is one thing, but ignoring the customer except to get them in and out is another... And to quote the Mighty Mighty Bosstones, that's "the impression that I get".
5	Great drinks and food there ! Everything is made fresh. All the staff I have met are soooooo nice and funny. I love going there on Fridays for Open Mic they give you free salsa and chips too and 10% off! woohoo !
4	My first trip to Java Worx left me with a very good impression. I attended the open mic night on Friday and enjoyed the atmosphere. The audience was fun, friendly, and welcoming. The staff was really nice, and the owner was super involved--talking to the customers, taking orders, passing out complimentary chips & salsa. On the whole, the experience was great.There are definitely some things I think could use improvement, one being the TV menu. Awesome idea, but a bit annoying to read when it is constantly shifting. It would be a whole lot better if the menu remained up on a portion of the screen and the remaining portion shifted through the other info.The coffee was good quality and the prices were reasonable. It's a nice touch that they offer 10% off to promote their open mic night on Fridays. The surroundings seemed comfortable enough, though I sat at the coffee bar instead of on one of the couches. There were two tables setup as chess/checkers boards with pieces setup to play.The only other weird thing I can think of is that their wifi network had a password, which they give you once you ask. A bit odd, but not a big deal.All in all, definitely worth checking out, especially on Friday night. If I'm in the area again I will most certainly be visiting!
4	It was a nice little coffee shop! Very clean and well decorated. I had an Iced Chai and it was better than Starbucks but wasn't spiced as much as I like. Still very yummy though. They had a nice selection of pastries and things to eat. The service was super friendly. The lady who rang me up seemed like the owner and it's owners like her that make a new coffee shop successful.  Definitely my new pit-stop as im cruising up and down the I-17 :)
4	~~~~~~CLOSED~~~~~~It's so sad but true, Java Worx closed.  Another fantastic local business bite the dust.  What in the world will Anthem residents do for their caffeine fix?  Where will they get a tasty cup of coffee or delicious pastries/cookies/food and don't forget the wonderful latte's, hot and cold tea's?  Is this a sign that the world is coming to end very soon???  Oh the horror and madness of it all!
5	Fun place on Friday nights
