5	Dr. Cheng is the best Doc in the whole Queen Creek area.  He's funny, he listens to you, and takes his time.  He does meet with a lot of patients but it always feels he's taking the time for you.  I love that when I have an appointment with him, I get right in (no waiting) and NO I am not kidding.  This seriously is the best Doctors office that I have been to in this area and all of Arizona.  If you live in the Queen Creek/Gilbert area and looking for a good family Doc.  This is the place.
4	I concur with the previous post.  Coming from California, I am not used to a prompt, young, tech savy medical office.  I am more accumstomed to the old, long wait, out of date medical office.  Altough it took a little getting used to the same day, day prior appt. system, this is definitely the way to go.
4	I normally do not ever have to go to the doctor, or maybe i should but am just too stubborn, but yesterday I had to go.  I found out about this office from my wife who has been here, so I knew about there scheduling system.  You can only make appt for the same day or the day after, which I actually like.  I called at 09:30 in the morning and had an appt for 10:30, which was awesome since one usually can't get an appt for weeks at other offices around here.  I arrived and did not wait long.  I saw Dr. Valenzuela, who was nice and took his time to explain and answer questions.  He (or his assistant) then called in the script to my pharmacy, no written script (awesome).  The total time from driveway to doctor, pharmacy, back to driveway was under an hour, but I do live  very close.  Final verdict : while the office does not look fancy they get the job done in a nice patient manner.  A doctors office I would recommend and got to again if needed.
3	It's a doctors office nothing special, sooooo it's A-ok.The best thing about this office is that you can get in that day are the next. They do not do that 3 month a head appointments like most doctors offices. Every time I have been there they are also on time with appointments times, no waiting an hour to be seen.I have only seen 1 doctor, she's alright. If your sick i suggest you give them a call or if you need a tune-up. :)
4	My family started coming here after Dr. Cheng was recommended to us by the surgeon who performed my husbands appendectomy a few years ago. I really like Dr. Cheng. He listens, answers all my questions and is very thorough. I have been impressed by the other doctors here as well. I like that they have a same day/next day appointment policy. I know that if I have a sick kid I can get in right away. My only gripe is that they don't have an x-ray machine. I've had to take my kids to expensive urgent care twice now because of this (2 rowdy boys).  I don't know if that is typical of most doctor's offices or not but I wish I didn't have to go to urgent care.
4	Dr. Valenzuela and Dr. Chang are wonderful caring doctors. They get you in the same day and treat you with respect. I have called the afterhours # and they always call back quickly.
5	My husband and I just moved to AZ and I was dreading having to find a family doctor, there are so many how can you choose!  After lots of time spent online researching family doctors I came across the reviews from Yelp for Seville Family Physicians.  I looked up Dr. Cheng and saw he had high ratings on other sites as well.  I decided to try Dr. Cheng after reading the reviews on here and I am so pleased I did!!Everyone I've dealt with is very friendly!  I LOVE the same day/next day appointment set up. (I'd never heard of that before now)  the wait time is minimal if any.  Literally I'll sit down...open a magazine and find the story I'm interested in and then they call me in before I can even read it! Haha (not complaining though). Dr. Cheng is SOOO friendly.  I feel really comfortable around him and trust that he knows what he's talking about.  He's really great at explaining things and I always leave knowing exactly what to expect and when I should come back (If i need a follow up).  I definitely recommend Dr. Cheng!  This is the first time I've ever written a review on Yelp so that says something!
3	*Ugh I've been sick for 3 weeks..... I guess its time to go to the doctor!*I have been going to this office on and off for a few years now. I haven't been for quite some time and finally gave in and had to see the doctor yesterday. They have changed their name to "Banner Health Clinic Seville." I mostly see Dr. Cheng but unfortunately haven't had an appointment with him in over 2 years. If I call for a sick visit I usually have to see another doctor because he is booked. The other doctors in the clinic are just as nice as Dr. Cheng, but it's more personable to see "your" doctor. The staff members are very friendly but it seems things run in slow mode here. When I went in I had to wait quite a long time before I was called back. After I was called to the back the wait in the room was even longer, the visit took me over an hour and a half. This may have been just because I called in for a same day sick visit and they squeezed me in or they might have been overloaded with patients. Last I appreciated that the office made every patient wear a medical mask because of the flu bug going around. It made me feel like they really cared to not spread it anymore.
4	My kids family drs are Dr. Valenzuela (my son) and Dr. Hererra (my daughter).  They are both good Dr s but different.  They know that I prefer to not use medicine if possible and they are sensitive to that, offering me other alternatives.Dr. Cheung is also good, and has been the on call dr when I call after hrs.It s a pain to schedule the kids vaccinations as I have had to make repeated calls to finally make an appointment, but typically getting an appointment with the drs have been easy.  We ve had to use the after hours # often and it s very responsive and good.  The drs always call back quickly.If the scheduling of the shots with the nurses were easy, I would ve given this a 5 star.  That is the only negative thing.  Sometimes the wait is a little bit, but they are a very understanding office that works with you.I do not feel they have us doing any unnecessary and they always try to provide cost effective solutions that are in the best interest of the kids and family, at least in my experience.  We have been going here for 2-3 yrs.We normally try to schedule in advanced, but sometimes things come up and one fo the kids needs to be seen same day, which they do those appointments, too, but you may not get your dr.  That s okay because they are all good.
3	Office staff was nice.  Appointment process was a breeze.  Dr. Cheng made me feel rushed and like I was inconviniencing him during my visit.  He was not knowledgeable about the issues I was experiencing and did not offer any recommendations.  Will need to keep searching for a descent family health care provider.
5	I have only great things to say about Dr. Chang & his team of Doctors. This year I've had to travel every other week for work & this makes getting my prescriptions difficult ....new pharmacy, new area, new cold/flu but, Pedro Dr. Changs MA goes above & beyond that I never have to wait & I'm always reassured by his follow up phone calls. Great job! Keep up the good work!
5	Love the same day appointment idea.  Called this morning and was able to get in this evening with Dr Chang. Staff was very efficient and friendly.  This was my first time seeing Dr Chang and he was great.  I normally see Dr Herrera,  both providers are excellent.  Made me feel at ease and comfortable.
1	This office is a mix of good and terrible. Dr Cheng and Dr Herrera are great,  Dr Cheng assistant Pedro is amazing, now the front office is totally unresponsive, over a week ago I sign a form requesting they send me my medical records to my email, I've call in requesting an updated and all they do is they put me thru an obscure extension. My wife had to take a day off to get a critical prescription refilled this after repeated attempts to get it refilled. Every time I've been there I see people that arrive way after me being called in before me and I've have to wait over an hour and be late to work. This office has potential but must work on the basics I will be transitioning to a different Family practice.
1	Awful!My husband has been a patient for awhile, and I am so sick of fighting for weeks just to get someone to call me back, or to respond to a pharmacy refill request! Awful customer service! Walgreens has been contacting them for 5 days now for our refill with NO response. I tried to call- and the phone just goes to a busy signal. I left messages for all doctors. No response. Very very annoying. I guess they don't care if they keep patients.
