4	I first discovered Integrity Heating and Cooling when my A/C broke last October. I found them on  Rosie on the House's referral list and was really impressed with the customer service. It felt like a small shop, where Shelby, who took my call also checked the work order when the service tech returned. When I ultimately had to replace my A/C, I called around and got a few quotes from places referred by friends and coworkers. I wound up going with Integrity because I appreciated their responsiveness and their willingness to come darn close to matching another bid... AND gave a longer, better warranty. Plus, they had 0% financing. I would absolutely recommend Integrity!
2	I too found them on Rosie and have used them two times. First I have to say that the staff is very nice and the technician is a great guy. The first time I used them I was in a bind and my aircon was dead in July. The price was very steep for the job but I paid. The second time I had a furnace that was not working. I troubleshot the problem and the technician came out who agreed with me that the ignitor was bad. I was quoted that this part would cost $317. I was in shock since an ignitor is nothing more than a rod with wires that heats up for the furnace to ignite, no rocket science. I shopped around and found a new factory part from Carrier for less than $45. I installed the part and works just fine. I realize that price mark-up is how a lot of companies make their money but this is truly gross misconduct and really uncalled for. Now I want to be clear the staff is awesome and this is why I gave them 2 stars but in this economy and with a Rosie rating I am very disappointed.
1	I initially found out about this company through SRP for their rebate program for an A/C tune up. They came out and actually did a pretty thorough inspection and then came the up sale time. I know they don't make a lot off these inspections. They said 2 of my refrigerant caps didn't have the little o-rings in them and needed to be replaced which i agreed. They 2 of them for $20 which they told me was the going rate. Now, granted perhaps I should've looked online first and what not but the guy assured me these were expensive for some reason. I looked online today and could get 2 shipped to me for $5. Not a good company to be overcharging by $15. I can't stand companies that try to make money off of nickel/dime items. I guess that's a pet peeve of mine. I will never be using these guys in the future and the only reason I used them to begin with is because they were referred by SRP. Stay away from this poorly run company!
1	My AC broke @ 2am, following a monsoon storm passing through the Valley on 7-12-2012.  I went to the "Rosie on the House" KTAR website.  The only listing for my area of town was Integrity.  I called them at 6:15am to schedule a repair.  I was quoted a service arrival of 3:30-7pm. I left work early and arrived home at 3:30, but no call or show by Integrity (my brother was at the house all day), so I know I didn't miss them.  At 6:25pm, when no service technician had yet arrived, I called Integrity and left a message that I was anxiously awaiting their arrival. Someone returned my call at 6:35, stating a technician was enroute 20 minutes before my message and should arrive within minutes.  Shelby arrived @ 7:10pm. I met him in the front yard and told him the problem.  He said it sounds like the fan motor had frozen.  Hi climbed onto the roof and inspected the unit. After six (6) minutes, he came down from the roof and told me it indeed was a frozen fan motor with ancillary damage to blades and coils. He said repair would be $500, but he recommended a complete unit replacement which he estimated to be about $6,000. I asked if the repairs could be completed TONITE to get the unit running. Shelby said "Yes."  I authorized the repair. He removed the fan assembly, banged the motor with a wrench & then told me he couldn't proceed with the repair because he needed a new fan assembly from the manufacturer & he didn't know the brand of my unit & would have to research if they were even in business (23-year old unit, I since found out is a Heil, "Builders Model" 3-ton gas-pack unit). He said If he proceeded with repairs tonite, he couldn't guarantee any work nor parts and it would be another $300-$400 for a return visit with the manufacturer parts. He recommended replacement.  So instead of spending $800-$900 in "no guarantee" repairs, I scheduled a free estimate for 7-13 @ 3pm and Shelby charged me $69 for his late arrival, 6-minute diagnostic visit, cutting the fan motor wires and scheduling the estimate visit the following afternoon.  Ross arrived on time. He gave me a 15-minute talk, left me with two out-dated brochures (Trane & Lennox) and a verbal ballpark figure of $5,800-$6,000 for a Lennox or Trane, 3 ton, 14 SEER gas pack unit, while bad-mouthing the competition (I was upfront about seeking 4 other anonymous contractors' bids).  He never inspected the unit, the attic, the ducts, the registers, the intake, the thermostat, the roof -- nothing!  I asked for a written proposal and he said he would work on it while at home this weekend and he would email it to me by Sunday. The other contractors left written, concrete proposals. They inspected my home, attic, roof, broken unit, ducts, and registers BEFORE their written proposals. Booooooo! Two-thumbs DOWN!  I have since found out "Integrity" purposefully sliced the wires of fan assembly unit, a move every other AC company has said was not necessary.  I had the unit repaired on 7-14 by Walker Heating & Cooling (602-446-3800) for $325 WITH a 1-yr warranty on parts & labor!
1	RUDE, unprofessional salesperson!  I kicked him out of my home within 3 minutes of his arrival.  Have you ever tried to purchase a new air conditioner?  All companies want to meet you in your home and take an hour of your time to give you a quote.  With that in mind, I took a full day off work and scheduled 9 AC companies every hour on the hour to give me quotes.  I met all companies at the Maricopa Home and Garden Show last weekend and in person made appointment and told each company was told about my scheduling and that they may even run into each other.  They all said they understood and agreed, even Integrity (the business card given to me was for Ross Carlisle, "Comfort Consultant").  On appointment day Integrity was to arrive at 1:00pm.  He arrived at 1:33pm.  After opening the door he didn't say hello, he just said, "Someone's already here and cutting into my time.  I don't normally do this, but I can't wait all day."  Despite his initial rudeness, I invited him in.  As I showed him where the AC unit was located outside, he continued his rudeness.  I reminded him that when I made the appointment they were told that I had other companies here the same day to give quotes.  He made other snarky remarks to which I asked, "Is this going to be a problem?"  He said, "No, but I've been waiting since outside for 30 minutes." I asked if he rang the doorbell.  He said, "no" and said more remarks clearly indicating that he didn't want to earn my business.  I stopped him there and told him to leave.  I told him that if this is the way I was treated during the sales process (30 minutes late and rudeness). I can only imagine how bad their service would be. The irony here is their name:  Integrity.  Based on my experience, they don't have any.
5	When my family was living up in the valley, Integrity was our first and only choice when it came to installing, and up keeping our new AC. They provided quick and effective service, and had our new system installed in about a week. They were friendly overall, and showed us how to work, and upkeep our system. And by following that we never had to call for maintenance, and we stayed in the house for a little more than a year after having it installed. Integrity is quick, efficient, and friendly completely worth your time and money.
5	I called Integrity because my unit went out and I didn't realize how old it was. Integrity was out the next day and looked at my unit. The tech they sent was very friendly and courteous and didn't get frustrated when I couldn't answer many questions about the unit (age, performance history, etc. as I had just moved into the place).  I was hoping for a quick cheap fix, but had no such luck. Although the estimate was high after shopping around I quickly realized these guys were giving me a great deal. They also turned me on to rebates for my new unit and gave me a discount on the labor and on future maintenance issues.I have recommended them to several family members and friends, some of whom have used Integrity and are extremely satisfied.What made my experience pleasant was the fact that they worked around my schedule and were on time for my appointment and once my unit was installed and I had some additional questions, I had no problem getting a hold of someone from Integrity to explain to me what I needed to know.This is a great company and I won't be using anyone else or recommending any other place to family and friends.
5	Air conditioning units are problamatic to say the least, mine is no different. For once I can sit back and relax knowing Integrity Air conditioning was on the job. That's a rarity in the heating and cooling industry.  They are fully insured, licensed and not to mention, "Rosie certified". You need look no further then their name to know what your going to get as far as work ethic and quality are concerned. Integrity will be first on my list in the future for any of my cooling and heating needs.
5	I was referred to Integrity Air by a friend who got great service at a reasonable price.  Shelby came out at the time he promised, diagnosed the problem with my Carrier AC unit (air handler) and charged a fair price.  Before he came out the AC was not working and when he left it was blowing very cold.  I am very happy.   Integrity is a great AC service provider.
5	This company and team are OUTSTANDING! One of the most professional companies I have had the pleasures of working with ! From start to finish, all 5 people that I was in contact with for my job were very attentive to my questions and taught me how my old system worked and how the new system will work differently. They work together as a very" well oiled " team and left my house as clean as it was before they started this messy job. Thank you for your expertise and professionalism. I will 100% refer them to anyone in need of a trustworthy air and hearing company.
