4	Now that house music is mainstream and majority of the more popular clubs play it, I always appreciate some good old hip hop. As I'm not a huge fan of Hakkasan itself, this room is a great alternative. Yes, you will be packed like sardines, but I'm willing to make that sacrifice for hip hop any day. I like the layout of the Ling Ling room because you can walk around the dancefloor to the bar without stepping on toes or being stepped on.The area where the tables are is a bit awkward because it looks like an audience, but I guess it works for those that would rather sit than dance.
4	I LOVE Hakkasan but love it even more now that I know there's a room dedicated to Hip Hop!  Sometimes you want a break from EDM and this is just the place to go for that.  This room's layout is more spacious than the main Hakka floors.Music was good here too.
3	we liked the downstairs here better than the upstairs. the music was more our taste. this is the Hip Hop older bro of the EDM kids upstairs. but, still not very impressive with the overall experience. got really crowded at the middle part of the night. we had secured a table when we first got there and weren't informed they were reservable. found out later in the evening that someone had paid for it so we had to vacate. they were at least nice enough about kicking us out. it was time for us to dip at that point anyway.you pretty much have to walk through here to get to the upstairs EDM side so it can get quite busy. 2 or 3 single use bathrooms on this floor. service was quick and friendly. even the scary asian security lady with the scowl lightened up a bit. overall, it was an okay time, moreso because of our company. most likely wont be back.
3	Eh it's alright. Promoters kept making us go back and forth in line. One promoter will say one thing and then another promoter will say another thing. We got in there it's too packed we could barely dance on the dance floor. It's best to go there if you have a table. Other than that.. Music is great. The vibe and atmosphere is great.
