5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! It reminds me of Chipotle, but the food is better. The + for me is that they have Chips and Queso! Mmmmmmm.....I highly recommend this place. You got to try it!!!
4	I put this right up there with Chipotle in terms of quality.  Prices are relatively the same. Chips & queso are amazing. I had the 3 tacos, one chicken/steak/grilled pork/. The grilled pork, wasn't too great, but the steak and chicken were, they tasted fresh, and juicy, even 30 min before closing time.
2	Clean fast food restaurant but the food was horrible tasting and looking. The containers that held the food wasn't covered. So the variety of meat, beans and other toppings looked as if it hasn't been refilled, reheated, or at least stirred before we reached the counters.I ordered three grilled chicken tacos and the tortillas were cold. Only had a nibble of chicken on the tacos so it would pretty much be a veggie taco lol.Staff was ok, restaurant was very cool but I've definitely experienced better.
1	Van full, 9:30pm, all hungry. We stopped by and got there, at the doors, at 9:50 (they close at 10:00pm), and the doors were locked, OPEN sign turned off, cleaning up. I knocked, and the lady signaled that they were closed! What?! I was like "10!" and put up all 10 fingers at her, and she just kept looking at me and shaking her head... So apparently, the managers and/or employees here care more about going home on time than the customers or keeping a job. Very short sighted. If they don't get customers, store closes, people lose jobs. They lost out on a nice sized check, and I can say with management like that, we're not going to support that business, and our money is going elsewhere. I suggest you do the same.
3	Qdoba is a chain of restaurants that serves fast, fresh Mexican-inspired food.  As a vegetarian, this is about as close to Mexican food as I can get.  If you are familiar with Chipotle, then you understand the set-up here: basically, a grown-up cafeteria where you pick the fillings for your burrito or tacos and they build it for you.  There's usually a high turn-over so things stay fresh.  Also, expect large portions at affordable prices.I hadn't been to Qdoba in a while and couldn't remember why.  After a recent visit back, it all came back to me.The food was pretty boring.Not a lot of flavor- not from the rice, the beans, the salsas.  Not bad, just not exciting to eat.I think I'm going to stick to Zaba's.Bonus points for coupons, a frequent diner program, a clean store, and friendly employees.
3	It's a Qdoba, they serve hot, inexpensive burritos, and they do it well. This location is also rarely busy which makes for speedy lunches or dinners. Can't say anything amazing or awful, but there's nothing wrong with an A-OK "fast" food option that can also be healthy.
2	The Rice was undercooked....and I really wanted to like this place because of the great customer service.
1	Terrible experience. I'm not typically picky about my customer service, but the service at this location was the pits.
