3	This is Quicktrip, a massive service station and convenience store, considering the population of Tempe. It has about 20 lanes on either side of 10 pumping stations. It is on Scottsdale Road, near the border to the city of Scottsdale, one of the 3 main streets of Scottsdale (there are a lot of streets in Scottsdale, but you only need to know Scottsdale, Hayden, and the Loop 101 and you can get to everything else). Actually, this is also near the 202. Scottsdale is what Tempe wants to be when it grows up. Tempe, home to Arizona State, is kind of like a teenager's room: messy, unkept, hangout for the young and immature and where all the beautiful Babes can be seen (but not had).  The farther north you go from Tempe to Scottsdale, it is like a persons passage into mid-life. Their are apartment complexes. then homes, and children, and larger homes with all the possessions you would want, and finally retirement homes. The messy room turns into well organized living spaces with manicured landscaping. The people  become older, and frequent the Whole Foods looking for vitamins and fiber more than the convenience store for a soda and snacks.This is Quicktrip number 00429, register 2, approval code 306709. Good luck on your Passage.
4	It was moving day for my lovely daughter, Whitney on Sunday and 2 stops at QT (once to gas up my car and once to gas up the U-Haul, as well as getting refreshing, ice cold beverages!) reminded me that I have not reviewed QT!Accordingly, this review is for all of the QT's out there.Convenience store/gas stations seem to be a necessary evil in life today. I have, like all of you, bought gas at the Diamond Shamrocks, Circle K's, 7/11's and all of that.So, when I need gas these days, in the greater Phoenix area, I set my nav to find the closest QT.I will, in fact, go a few miles out of my way to patronize these smiling and pleasant guys and gals!Why? Well, aside from the price aspect (I find that QT's gas prices are very competitive with with the lowest prices in any given area), there is a noticeable difference in attitude of the employees at QT and that carries into everything they do. I understand that they pay their employees pretty well and incent them on things that matter to customers.All the locations also seem to have a noticeable lack of people outside sitting on trash cans, waiting by the pay phone or sitting on the walk outside the store, waiting for...something.The locations are universally clean, they don't smell, the quality of the gasoline is good (no pings or complaints from car!), the restrooms are clean and the beverage area is generally clean, non-sticky, with a big selection of drinks (OK, I am creature of habit and generally get the same old caffeine free diet coke, but I see people spend a great deal of time and effort "mixing" various soft drinks and flavors in a effort to get just the right sort of concoction). I haven't had any of their food ( I can't bring myself to believe that a sandwich made at 3:00 am is really "fresh made", or that a hot dog cooked under a 100 watt bulb and sitting where anybody can touch it, fondle it, spit on it, etc., won't give me herpes), but QT is great for the occasional apple, banana, coke, cup of coffee and gas.
4	I really like Quik Trip...I go out of my way to find a QT to gas up, get my beverage (and may I say that they keep their restrooms clean and usable, in spite of the tremendous odds against them:)So I really like QT's...all of them:)That said, I got a very nice note from a fellow Yelper (who works for QT, BTW:)He read my last review and he mentioned that I should really try the sandwiches and hot dogs before giving them short shrift (I think I mentioned that I believed the sandwiches are made at 3:00 am and that the hot dogs were cooked under a 100 watt bulb and were similarly aged:-)I might have been guilty of using poetic license (although in my defense...I didn't say I had actually eaten one of these...just that I wasn't in any hurry to try them:)Well, that's changed...I drifted (truly...a four wheel drift that ended with me "bootleg parking" my car next to pump #11 to fuel up...very stylish:)I headed into the always clean and bright QT to grab a refreshing beverage and as I walked by the hot dogs and brats rolling on the rollers, I said to myself..."it's pretty close to noon, let's see what these guys have got"I picked up a Turkey Sandwich and hot dog (I figured, "why not go all the way...if this stuff is going to hurt me, I might as well get over with":)But QT didn't hurt me...in fact, the sandwich was pretty decent (certainly better than some that I've paid far more for)...the bread seemed fresh, as were the rest of the ingredients (pretty typical, turkey, lettuce, tomato, mayo, etc.:)...it didn't seem that this sandwich was sitting wrapped in plastic like a typical AM/PM or Sky Harbor sandwich...my new Yelp/QT buddy didn't steer me wrong on that one:)On to the hot dog...well...I didn't get a bum steer on the hot dog, either:)My touch point for these kinds hot dogs (parking lot dogs?) are the dogs you can generally buy at Home Depot (depot dogs?)The QT dog was as good as anything I've found at the Home Depot...maybe better, certainly more options (brats, cheddar brats, etc.) and plenty of condiments and a nice place to prepare my dog for battle:)My only remaining issue is the same issue that I have with any buffet set up...when I see people rooting around for that special dog all the way in back and strectttccccchhhhiiiiinnngg out over the hot rollers...well, I just get the shudders:(But that's not something I can lay at QT's doorstep...they do a great job of keeping things sweet and clean...they keep an eye on the rollers and the stretchers...I just tried not to think about as I had my dog:)Finally, a word about the gasoline...I'm firm believer that that you shouldn't have to worry about picking large bugs and rodent "parts" out of your fuel filter...even when you are buying inexpensive gasoline:)QT's gas has been consistently higher in quality than other stations products (I had a $200 bill for cleaning this kind of "debris" out of the gas lines of one of my Lexus' after a gas purchase from Diamond Shamrock a few years ago)...QT might be a penny or two more than the cheapest, but quality is important, too! :-)When you need to fuel up (and by "you", I mean your car and you), you can sure do worse than dropping by the nearest QT:)
5	I LOVE QT...this is the best place to buy a soda, energy drinks, gas and sometimes beer. Their prices are usually better than the local grocery store and I don't have to drive as far. It's kind of weird that a case of beer would be cheaper at a gas station, but I'm not complaining. Stores are always spotless with clean bathrooms, building and outside are well lit and inviting, staff is super friendly (always rated one of the best places to work in Phoenix) and everything is decently priced. There is a reason these places are always busy.
4	2 miles away from home and on the way to work.  What better place to pick up some fruit and a post workout protein shake?!Ah who am I kidding? It's usually for a donut and coffee since I'm too lazy to make coffee at home.Plus I'm in and out in less than 5 minutes and on my way to work.
3	I dropped by this QT to get some gas on the way back from ASU.  The gas here is cheaper than in North Scottsdale, so even though I wasn't completely empty, I filed up anyway.  The lanes here are very wide and it's convenient.  Plenty of pumps too, so there's no traffic jam.  Overall, a decent place to fill up.Return Factor - 85%
4	I'm from WA State and we don't have QT there, so this is like a convenient store monopoly overload! This place is adjoined to my complex and absolutely awesome!  Quick trip is definitely the right name for this place because the employees straight up hustle. You can be at the end of a line of 30 people and be out the door in 2 minutes. Every time I go in all I can think of is that movie "Employee of The Month" ha ha!" Clean and super organized and they all have the exact same layout. Prices are decent for a convenient store and they actually have restrooms inside (and they're clean). I do kinda walk out chuckling every time though because of how fast the  cashiers try to move the line...It's OK, chill out, you can only go so fast lol!
5	Oh how I miss QTI was able to get scratch offs and Power Ball tickets. Clean my windows on my SUV get gas and a huge cup of ice I love this place. I damn near cried as we pulled off. I need to move back down south to be near a QT.
1	So I'm tooling down Scottsdale Road on a beautiful Saturday afternoon and all of a sudden it hit me like a lightning bolt . . . I am superbly and without question extremely thirsty. So I look around for someplace I can drive through and get a drink . . . I'm thinking something exotic . . . like a star fruit margarita, or a Peter Rabbit, or a French Coke. Well, I'm in north Tempe . . . not in Tahiti, nor at Searsucker or in Santa Fe. So, of course, QT was the closest exotic drink haven I could see.But, I had to go inside to look over my exotic choices . . .I settled on a pineapple/vanilla green tea. That's about as exotic as QT gets. It was fresh, but certainly lacked the pineapple flavor and vanilla was entirely missing. That'll teach me to satisfy my champagne taste with a cheap punch purchase. Although, the tea was fresh tasting and did satisfy my thirst.It was mid-afternoon and dinner was a few hours off and since I worked through lunch I decided to buy a little snack to go with my exotic tea. A small container of snickerdoodles. One serving for only $1.49. Snickerdoodles are usually a super yummy sugar cookie with cinnamon on top. These were not. They were not particularly good and the cinnamon was almost not existent. I ate 4 out of my 10 small cookies / 1 serving container. I finally decided they were just not that good and I would drink my non-sweet non-pineapple-vanilla green tea. But I made a huge mistake:  I decided to see if I couldn't figure out how many calories, fat & sodium my 4 little measly tasteless cookies had set me back.A miracle! A miracle! A miracle that I didn't gain weight just sitting in my car. That little single serving container had - - -  530 calories, 45% of the daily allotment of saturated fat and 18% of the daily limit for sodium!   Thank goodness I only ate 4 of the 10 cookies before I discovered their deadly potential to increase my dress size in one serving! Yes, I checked. They are packaged and labeled by QT  . . . somewhere in Tulsa, OK.  Well, it is not OK with me. I will never buy another snack from QT without reading the label first! Read the labels folks. Read the labels. I just blew about 200 calories on rather mediocre cookies. Ugh!Oh, yeah . . . otherwise, the QT station was clean and the employees were friendly. Not their fault I am getting fatter by the minute.
4	Nicest employees and the cleanest restrooms if you need to make a pit stop.Quick Trip = Quick Piss
5	QT is the best gas station/convenience station I've been to on the US. Here's why:1. Workers are always friendly and greet you2. Always clean...bathrooms included!3. Great selection of products...especially food and drinks!4. Their frozen drinks are amazing!! (According to my wife)5. I like their donut selection 6. Gas prices are reasonable
4	QT is the best.  Hands down.  Forget about Wawa, or any of the other coast's stations.  QT is is it, and I'm not just saying this because I grew up in Tulsa.I come into this one almost every day to grab cheap gallon waters, cheap breakfast sausage hot dogs, and cheap energy drinks, and the staff there is cool and knows me on sight.  This location is in a bit of a rough patch of Scottsdale road, so you have to deal with bums sitting on the curb outside but if they are annoying customers, the staff will tell them to leave.  That's more an issue with this specific location than anything.PS: The woman below leaving QT one star because she's fat and can't stop eating gas station food is a moron.
3	The place is always clean, well stocked, and maintained. For the most part the employees are very friendly and quick. But last night when I mad a visit the cashier was extremely rude. Not necessarily to me but another customer. I feel like the giving extreme 'head shake', loud annoyed sigh and mean glare was a little too far. Other than that the place is always spot on.
3	All I can give them is they are big. Gas price is easily beaten. I was shocked at what four of the largest slurpees cost on my last visit  Clerks seem to have an attitude at each location I have stopped at.Most people seem to like this place.
