1	If you enjoy being cut off after 4 beers in a period of 3 1/2 hours, when you brough a DD, I would definitely visit this bar!I just moved down the street from here and thought that I could make this a cool hanng out. Myself and a few girlfriends went here tonight to have a few beers and a good time and here I am writing a review instead. We took a DD with us and had a few drinks. There were about ten people total in the bar, and we were having a good t ime with lots of laughs. When we ordered our 5th beer (which we had all decided would be our last before we headed home) the waitress told us that we had enough. We told her that our DD was sitting with us and she said that it didn't matter and that we were cut off.Seriously? While we were sitting at  the bar, the owner came in and had his big ass dog roaming around  the bar. You are so strict as to cut us off, but fine with having a dog walking around which would be a clear health code violation.I have never been so embarrassed and felt as if I as was singled out in my life. The bartender wad rude and if I was so drunk that it called for me being cut off, how could I sit here and write this review?I don't mean to be biased, but I had a horrible experience and will NEVER be back to this bar and I would recommend that you don't visit either if you are looking to have any sort of an enjoyable evening.
3	Decent little dive bar.  Cash only so make sure to hit an ATM on the way.  CHEAP booze and yes there was a dog sleeping in the bar but didn't bother me much.If you don't like dirty dive bars, don't go
5	I will have to disagree with any negativity twards this bar. I have been drinking here since...well...I was old enough! 1. I LOVE it because it's like a Cheers feel and the owner and staff dont put up with loud obnoxious assholes in here! It's nice, cozy, fun, clean, relaxing and has a mature setting! 2. YES the owner has a EXTRAORDINARILY WELL TRAINED shepherd who serves as the "bouncer" I like to think. I feel safe there knowing you most likely wont be harrassed or attacked by some punk there. 3. IT IS ALWAYS IMPECCABLY CLEAN when I am there. Must be the great staff once again. Prices are not high and you get more than you pay for all around.BOTTOM LINE: I like it and if you rather not go to a loud club or Old Town and watch a bunch of college kids make ass-hats out of themselves, THEN THIS IS YOUR PLACE!(NO I do NOT work here and NO I was not paid to write this. Maybe I should work there lol)
2	Dive Bar Nuff Said! No AC, just swamp cooler. Uhhhh Stuffed animal claw machine is full of Pornos??? Alrighty then!
2	I believe in second chances, so I decided to try out Chantilly's again last night. While my experience was far better than last time, I just still think this place lacks, well, a lot.There were two patrons in the bar and only two more that entered in a two hour time period. Granted, it was Wednesday, but it's hard to imagine how this place can stay in business. It was a bit awkward because there was no music playing, so I felt compelled to play something on the jukebox. Any new songs were two credits ($1) so that kind of sucked, luckily I'm a fan of 90's music...The bartender (yes, the very same that cut me off previously) was actually really sweet this time, so that definitely warrants a star increase.It's still the only bar that I know of that is cash only, which is pretty inconvenient. It was a lot better this time, but this place is still boring and doesn't really have much to offer. I really wish that I could like it, but I'm still bitter and unimpressed.
2	Bring cash only. Good for an after dinner drink.
3	Stopped into this place for a drink with about 8 of my girlfriends on Sunday afternoon. The place was pretty empty; I only saw 5 other people there. The bar is quite small; has a couple pool tables and some video games and a juke box. I didn't see any dart boards during my visit. The bar tender was very nice; she served our group of girls a free shot, courtesy of the owner, to thank us for stopping in with our group - I thought that was nice of them. Drinks were very affordable; mixed drinks ranging in price from $3-5. Not much of a wine selection so just stick with beer or mixed drinks if you stop in here. I also saw it was a cash only place from other review; we can neither confirm nor deny this as we all paid with cash. I've lived in this area for almost 10 years and I didn't even know this place was here; it's tucked in the back corner of a strip mall. The road sign is small too so just never noticed it. No food served as far as I could tell either. Now that I know it's here I'll have to stop in again with my husband for another review of the place.
5	Absolutely love it here! Kim is the coolest bartender I've ever met! Such a great place!
