5	just. wow.I would love to upload a picture, but there are no pictures allowed, thus I have no history of me actually being there. but....LAX (the club this is attached to) is absolutely dismal. but this place is absolutely unreal. by far the nicest bar/lounge/club I have ever been in. the deco is truly 5 star, the staff was hella nice (thank you anne for the new years eve service) and they really treat you like you are a celebrity (which in our case, we were sitting 3 tables away from paris hilton) .you pretty much have to get a table here, which pretty much means you are dropping a couple thousand, but I would do it again in a second. this place is a must-go in vegas, and I would tell anyone (who I liked) to check this place out.
4	First rate serive, first rate atmosphere, first rate cocktails.  Insteaed of the bouncers saying "you can't walk into this section, it's private," they say "here is a wristband so you can go anywhere in Noir Bar or LAX as you please."  My only compaint is that it doesn't get a good crowd until about 230 or 3, which makes it feel like the bar was at its best for only an hour or two.  Also, the vodka bottles range from 500-1200, but I guess that's expected in Vegas.
5	I was visiting a friend in Vegas and she asked me what I wanted to do where I mentioned Noir Bar. She made reservations and there we were in the thick of it all after walking past the massive lines of club goers trying to get into LAX. Who knew that it was opened by Britney Spears just a couple of weeks back. In any case, we were seated at a table and I opened up the drink list where my jaw dropped open. Seeing as we both weren't in a position to drop mad money, we opted to partake in the open spaces at the bar. Definitely made the experience that much better because all the people my friend and I meet. Needing to find our way into LAX, we asked the bartender how we could get into the club and he pointed us towards the host. In any case, we got into LAX for FREE with our own security ushering us in. Chilling in Noir Bar before fighting your way with the crowds at LAX made my Vegas experience that much better.
5	People may not realize that one of Bar Noir's bartenders is one of our country's 300 official and coveted mixologists. It's nuances like this that make me appreciate Bar Noir as being more than a flavor-of-the-month hotspot in Vegas.Oozing of trendiness, and limiting any "fromage" factor, it is well worth the high-priced beverages and Fort Knox door policy. It's near impossible to avoid Vegas attitude from the throngs of Sugar Babies that frequent this city's hotspots, but in Bar Noir, for some reason, something just clicks, and is rather tolerable. I guess the reason is that it is small and "filtered" enough that if you're good enough to be allowed in, people can take down the 'fook u' attitude down a notch. The staff was great, the girls are surprisingly friendly, and I simply just really like the place.One of my favorite hotspots for sure.
3	Although I will say that Noir bar is a pleasant change of pace when visiting Vegas in terms of ambiance and people-it is totally overhyped.Don't get me wrong- I like Noir Bar.  I enjoy going there-I've been twice.  But, all the efforts trying to get your group in and getting on the list, making a reservation, blah blah blah...its too much!  Go here with one other person on a chill night.  Anything else is going to be a total pain in the ass and will stress you out more than its worth.The ambiance is nice-very dark with velvet furniture and an intimate, ambient environment.  The drinks are very good...made with the best ingredients by experienced and educated mixologists.  Make note, no pictures allowed...you don't want to disturb the celebrities, after all!  Come here to "be seen"...yea yea its that kind of place.  I kind of roll my eyes at these types of super boujie establishments...I mean, they're fun to go to once or twice to say you've been...but come off it people...step down off your high horse.It is a nice place for an intimate date though, I will say that much.
5	Love this bar! When my friends and I found this place we immediately loved the atmosphere and the superior service.  We ordered bottle service and it was top notch! Another wonderful feature is that you are allowed to go between Noir and LAX at your leisure.  The best of both worlds!  The environment is chill and relaxed which we loved and the people that we met there were interesting and very sweet.  Its not your typical Vegas venue which was attracted me to the place to begin with.  We felt right at home here and the drinks are amazing... You must indulge.  Thank you to Ebony, Jaysen, and everyone who helped to make both our visits to Noir spectacular.  One word of warning... It isn't an easy place to get into and they are happy to keep it that way but if you are fortunate enough to get in your experience will be like no other. One other truely amazing touch was the "hand written" Thank you card that I recieved in the mail from the staff thanking me and hoping to see us again soon.  I mean come on does this ever happen??? I was truely amazed with the quality of service!
5	Went back last night with Master Myke and famed LA DJ Jaquie Jack, and did the Noir-to-LAX thing all night. The crowd still has a nice 'speak-easy' feel to it, though obviously done Vegas-style.An interesting episode happened last night. I looked over at a slight commotion as 6 bouncers rushed into an area, and I saw them dragging some girl out who apparenty passed out. They managed to somehow revive her, but even after walking her out, there was still some commotion with the club janitor suddenly appearing with boxes of scented carpet cleaner, broom, bucket, etc. The girl managed to somehow take a shit while on the floor passed out (she was in a skirt), and there was... em... shit all over the floor. As amusing as that was, I was more impressed with how professionally and expeditiously it was handled. This lounge is run by pros. I have to admire that.
5	This place rocks.   My local friends knew the doorman and he ushered the 5 of us in personally and flagged down a bartender and comped us a round of drinks.  Sweet!  The decor is dark and goth and very cool - so different from all the other clubs.  I would definitely go back. I did get a peek at the drink menu - wow!  It was steep but the service was amazing and it was worth it not being a packed club.
4	My three lady friends and I had help from a promoter/host in getting in to Noir.  It really is a nice change of pace from LAX, PURE, etc...  If you can get in at least once, I say go for it!  Inside, you'll find decadent, sexy decor - it's a little goth-y, but hot goth-y, not scary, Marilyn Manson goth-y.  Deep colors on the walls and furniture, dim lighting, and crystal chandeliers make for a really chill atmosphere if you want a break from the crowds.  You can lounge on the ample seating if you choose (and you know sitting is rare commodity in any Las Vegas venue!) with your $18+ specially-made cocktail.  Yes, the drink prices are outlandish, but you get what you pay for - the strawberry concoction I had in a martini glass was phenomenal!!!!  And the service was sweet - I love when the Bartenders call me "Baby" without being skeezy.Four stars for being TOO exclusive (since you do need to have a connection to get in) and for spending all your hard-won Vegas winnings in one place...
3	It was aw'ight.  Easy to make reservations, and we stopped in after dinner.  No line yet, and really no people.  Music was too loud for talking so we left.  I know it was early, and the no people thing was no problem, but music at close to dance club levels made it hard to sit down and enjoy a conversation. So, we bailed. Yawn.  Steve the host is cool though, I chatted with him at his own house and he made a reservation for me when I will be in town on a girls' night in October. He's a cool dude. Looking forward to coming back with my swingle girlfriends and watching them act slutty.
1	Run. This is not the bar you're looking for. Trust me. I know what the other reviews say, just trust me. if you pull up in a Humscalade wearing sunglasses at night, ignore this warning. The rest of you, just go to the Downtown Cocktail Room (Or ANYWHERE else for that matter).Seriously, a mixology-savvy bar in the bottom of a pretend pyramid? Do the math.
4	This is a really nice place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city. I have only been here once for a Las Vegas Magazine Cover Photo celebration so I haven't had to experience how hard it is to get inside, but one day I will make a reservation and try my luck. The drinks are tasty, the seating is comfy, and the atmosphere is nice. I like dark lounges they just seem so much more relaxed. Definitely recommend everyone try to get into Noir which will give you free access to LAX via the elevator near the bar.
4	Chill spot to go hang out at to take a break from the madness at LAX. Can be difficult to get into unless you have connections. Drink prices are high but they make some great drinks. As mentioned in previous reviews here the PB&J martini is phenomenal. It will bring you back to your childhood (or in my case last night haha) eating a PB&J sandwich. Definately something to check out if you can get in. I rarely go to drink, and if I do maybe one beer or mixed drink, but more to relax and take a break from the club.  Keep in mind it is EXPENSIVE.. so if you are going to complain and write negative reviews based on the price.. you probably should not have gone in the first place because anyone could have told you that ahead of time.
4	This was a very chill environment and very cool. I went here for my 21st birthday and was pleased. The drinks are pricey (my bill of 4 drinks was $110) but was definitly worth it. These are some of the best  and unique coctails around! You cant get a banana bread martini or chocolate covered strawberry martini just anywhere. You also get free access to LAX and dont have to wait in any line. Even weekends! (I watched OutKast perform this time around) So... drinks, vip access, and no cover. A+ in my book. (especially on a weekend)
4	There were about ten of us who went to LAX and a few of us were walking around to see if we could check out the upper level.  The bouncer said we couldn't go there but said he could take us somewhere we could.  He led us to the elevators which took us down to Noir Bar.  This was a gorgeous lounge with a completely different atmosphere than LAX.  My friends and I went straight past the main area where the bar is and into the smaller room.  There were plenty of seats and our orders were taken within 5 minutes of us sitting down.  My boyfriend and I paid a good $28 for a vodka soda and vodka cranberry.  I thought for sure that these would be hella weak drinks, but the cocktail waitress warned us that these were really steep drinks and was she right!!! I'd say it was 3:1 vodka to soda and it sure did the trick!  We had a great time at Noir Bar but eventually wanted to go out and dance.  Glad we had a little time to have a relaxing drink and rest our feet at Noir!
5	The best cocktails in Vegas. Some will try and tell you Downtown Cocktail Room or some other place, but they are uninformed. Jeff and Andrew are the main bartenders here and they do a stellar job. To begin the have an excellent selection of spirits to utilize. They also have access to fantastic ingredients like vanilla beans, watermelon, mangos, rosemary, the list goes on. They can make classics adequately, but I think they are much better with modern originals. While the bar isn't of the same caliber as NYC, SF, or LA in Vegas this is king of the hill.I would certainly return.
3	I recently visited this hidden bar within LAX because my friend heard somewhere about a bar that serves "dessert drinks" in the Luxor. (My friend was dying to try something birthday cake drink) After finding which bar it was we got ready and hurried to begin the night. Got to LAX, walked up the stairs and went back down an elevator to go to Noir Bar. Wasn't too much happening. We went to the bar and asked politely about a "cake drink", the bartender snapped back, "Is it any of your birthdays?". We told him that one was on Monday. Now I'm not sure if this guy is just always a douche or if he's just been working too long because after that he started ranting about how he can't make that drink because it wasn't any of our birthdays on the exact day and that if he made it he'd have to make everyone one! (There was maybe like 10 people inside) We never argued with him, just politely said well we had just heard about it and didn't know it was excluded to birthday's only. The guy just kept snapping back and eventually just stopped talking to us and moved on. Hello, I still wanted a damn drink!!! Thankfully this other bartender saw us just standing there. He went over to us, asked us what kind of desserts we liked and said he'd be right back. He came back with 3 of the best drinks I've tasted. YUMMY. That's all we freaking wanted. A damn drink. If it wasn't for the big, white, douche bartender I might have liked this place more. Thankfully our night was saved by another bartender. We left him a good tip and I hope he rubbed it in Mister Douche's face!
5	You didn't have to know anyone to get in there. All you had to do was call and make a reservation. That's all I did the numerous times I've been there.
