4	This is a great boutique in a great area! I walked to Paradise Bakery after dropping an undisclosed amount of money in this shop! The store is clean and well arranged. I got a lot of outfit ideas from the owner who was very knowledgeable about fashion and trends. She was friendly and complimentary. There were some pricey high end items like Rock Revival, True Religion and then more affordable pieces to compliment. Also nice accessories. I picked up a very unique necklace which my hot Fed Ex guy loves! That's worth the price right there as a good ice breaker ladies! wink wink I got on the email list and also got a follow up call telling me that I had left my sunglasses, ooops! and thanking me for stoppping in. You may have to save up to put together a full outfit or two, but I would definitely recommend if you are ever in the area!
4	Today's Yelp shopping crawl brought me into this cute boutique today. The owner was very welcoming and friendly. She had a lot of cute clothes and jewelry. She also had her small dog walking around which I thought was so adorable. I picked up a Shawl Dawl ($50), a ring ($15), and after spotting some of her new arrivals behind the register, bought a soft cardigan ($45). I thought prices were reasonable for a boutique in Old Town. My only issue was the sizes seem to run small. The large tops didn't fit me and my companion who wears a small had to go up to a size large for one of the dresses. No matter, though, as I still found cute items to wear. I really love shops like this.
4	I would never have thought to stop here if it wasn't for the Yelp Shopping Crawl for Local Businesses but I am sure glad it was on the list to go! Velvet is a cozy store with cute clothes, accessories and very friendly staff! I personally didn't buy anything here but my shopping buddy found a few Christmas gifts for her nieces. They did have a shawl piece, which can be worn many ways, but was a little out of my price range at $48. Once I obtain a little more spending money, I will be sure to return!
4	This is truly a local a hidden right smack in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale. I've walked past this boutique several times and then I finally visited. It's filled with adorably fashionable clothes, jewelry and accessories that are reasonably priced! They have dresses, skirts, tops and everything else along those lines. It's located right next door to see's candy.
4	I have driven by Velvet Boutique for over a year assuming they would never have size L (or 10-12).  Most clothes were for the smaller, "I love to work out" frames but I was nicely surprised to find many of their great clothes came in s,m, and large. (they don't carry plus size but for us "scottsdale fat" women that just have healthy curves, (lol)  they didn't disappoint.   The owner was not pushy but very helpful and made me try some things  that I wasn't convinced were cute but looked good once I tried them on.  Compared to very similar boutique shops in Cleveland OH., I thought the prices weren't that high... and this is a high rent area!   The boutiques were actually higher priced in OH.    Perhaps I happened to hit a sale? I purchased a really cute leather cuff bracelet and a great shirt for under $80.
