5	We stayed here while in Scottsdale, and it was very nice. The room was nice, had shiny new flatscreen tvs (although no HDTV). It was also comfortable and we had a full kitchen which was nice. The Asada restaurant was good, having a breakfast buffet I visited a couple of times. We also took advantage of the heated pools and jacuzzis (it was great they had multiple ones of each). Sadly I didn't try out the gym or the other places to eat, but maybe someday I'll go stay there again :)
1	I came here because I got a sweet deal on a 2 bedroom suite for $99/night.  WELL, this place sucks. We were here for 3 nights and got maid service ONCE after asking for it two times.  The staff is not very friendly,  nor helpful.  The gym sucks, too.  The machines were old and there were tons of kids in there horsing around making the gym experience beyond awful.  The suite was okay.  It was pretty large with a full size kitchen (that we didn't necessarily use).  The pillows sucked, way too soft in my opinion.  I ended up stuck at the Asada bar on New Years Eve b/c my ID and credit card got lost, so I couldn't go to the W Scottsdale NYE party.  Apparently, the hotel found my ID/debit card and didn't even call me! They called one of our guy friends who happened to be staying at the hotel that same weekend..  My friend became friends with the van driver (they had a free shuttle service that took you anywhere as long as it was within five miles of the hotel) and apparently he found my ID in the back of the van.  He didn't even call me (the guest, who's name the room was under)! He called my friend who then called me. Talk about horrible customer service? I then had to call the hotel and be like, "Sooo, I understand you have my ID??"  They were supposedly sending it to my office, although that was 7 business days ago, so it's doubtful my ID and debit card will actually show up.This place sucks and I won't be returning.
2	When you have to go to the front desk to get your key re-done everytime you want to get into your room, that's a problem.  The food at the restaurant was mediocre at best.  The restaurant is strange - they have all of these service people standing around, yet the service is sooooo slow.  Like you have to get up and have them give you the check type slow.  I think this was an old apartment complex.  It looks like one.
5	My business is a part of the Scottsdale Chamber of Commerce and I attended a Chamber meeting this morning that Xona hosted.  Everything was great: the poolside views, the excellent breakfast, and the service was friendly and timely. I did not stay there but recommend checking out the resort.  I really had a great experience.
4	My husband and I just had a wonderful "staycation" at Xona Resort Suites.  We stayed in a King Size suite.  The living room was spacious, complete kitchen (including glasses and silverware!) The bed was comfy and the decor was hip and modern.  Bathroom was very small and they could definitely provide better shampoo/conditioner.   We did have a problem with our first room's A.C. not working but as soon as we called the front desk they quickly transferred us to a nearby room.Loved the options of 4 different pools.   The adult pool was fabulous - besides the music that was targeted at the 50-60 year demographic.  Bring your i-pod.  They do offer kid movies at one of the pools each night which is a nice option if you have children and want them out of your hair for a couple hours.  We enjoyed happy hour  in their lounge, which included free appetizers, then dinner at  restaurant.  The service was fabulous!  The food was pretty good but it's not somewhere I would go to enjoy if I wasn't a guest there.  Overall I was very satisfied with our stay and the service we received.  We were able to relax and forget that we were only 20 minutes away from home!
3	My group came here for a regional team meeting and it was a great deal for 6 women, 5 coming from out of town. We had a 4 bedroom suite, each room had it's own bathroom. The suite came with a kitchen, so it was super cheap to make a run to the grocery store for breakfast, beverages, and snack items. It's not a modern hotel-it looks like it belongs in Phoenix, Arizona. The staff was nice and accommodating. If you're looking to be in the mix of things, or to be in the hippest place-this is not it. It is a reasonable place with reasonable rates. Great happy hour with a few free appetizers. The pool area looked nice, although I could not enjoy due to the meeting.
4	I was in Scottsdale for seminars two months in a row and I decided to stay at Xona because the price was right and it is close the seminar site.   I have to say for the money I paid, I was impressed with the resort as a whole.  On my first visit they placed me in a huge suite.  It was essentially a converted apartment:  kitchen with full sized fridge, dining room, living room, and separate bedroom with a decent bathroom, two flat screen tvs and a small patio.  Kind of place you would pay $$/ month in Santa Monica.   My second stay there was not as spacious, but the beds were comfortable enough.The other facilities were nice enough, but I didn't have a lot of time to scout around.  I know there were at least two pool areas each with a hot tub.  The exercise room was a little on the small size but sufficient considering the number of people I saw working out in there each time.  In the center there was a small restaurant with an outdoor patio and a small band played each night I was there.  My interactions with the staff was positive.  Not quite four star but polite and efficient.  Overall, I would have to say this is a great value resort.  Not the most modern and updated, but it will do in a snap the next time I'm in Scottsdale.
2	We stayed at Xona over the holiday weekend and the burner on the stove did not work, there were very little choices for pots and pans and I had accidentally left some articles of clothing in one of the drawers and called the day after we checked out and told the room had not even been cleaned yet. When housekeeping called me back they stated a girl had cleaned it this morning and nothing was found and they even checked her cart. I DON'T believe that nothing was found I believe she stole the articles and is saying that there was nothing left behind. I WILL NEVER recommend this hotel.
3	For the price, Xona is a clean, beautiful spot in North Scottsdale adjacent to the upscale Princess Resort. Place was virtually empty during our recent two-day stay, so we had a tranquil pool all to ourselves. Unlike some of the other reviewers, we received great service from the staff. Food from the onsite restaurant was tasty and convenient. Surrounding area safe for walking or jogging. We stayed in a king suite...comfortable and roomy. Thought this place was a bargain.
4	Online travel booking sites rock -- I'd never used Hotwire before but I got a killer rate on this place. I was visiting the Phoenix area looking for apartments and needed a place to stay for four days. I didn't want to eat out the whole time I was in town, so looked online for a "condo"-type room with kitchenette. I don't like not knowing the name of the facility before paying for it, but I could see that the location was in Scottsdale and knew it couldn't be that bad. I'd never heard of Xona before this visit. I arrived very late due to a late flight, but the front desk is manned 24 hours. And was I wowed when I entered my room -- a living area with sofa and flat screen, a FULL kitchen with table and chairs, two mirrored closets, big bed, bathroom, and balcony with patio set overlooking the (I think) McDowell Mountains. This was a really nice set up -- wasn't expecting something this nice for a room.There are four pools and two restaurants, free WiFi, and a place in the lobby to print boarding passes. Nice shopping is nearby, and many restaurants. The only minuses I can relay:- The walls and ceiling are THIN.  I could hear the phone conversations of my next-door neighbor and could hear the folks upstairs walking around. - If your business in the area will have you down in Phoenix, Xona is WAY north. This is actually in North Scottsdale...allow 30 minutes to downtown Phoenix, and that's if there's no traffic.
3	Third annual regional meeting we had here, but prices have gone up at least $50 a night. With the kitchen, we were able to recoop this money by grocery shopping and cooking versus having dinner in their restaurant. I only imagine this would be beneficial for a huge group or family; we had 6 women in the 4 rooms and it worked well for us.
4	Great hotel- though it's more of a condo. Got a room for my mom this past weekend and she liked it so much she didn't want to leave the resort. Our room was very large. Had s dining room, living room, fully stocked kitchen, 2 patios, and a large bedroom and bathroom. There's like 3 or 4 pools in the resort, a nice restaurant and bar with live music. It's  Close to Desert Ridge, and the Quarter so good location for out of own visitors. Got an amazing price through hotwire. Service was also outstanding. Nice job Xona!
1	The best feature is the pool, which is quite nice. The beds are pretty good. Everything else about this place screams for a merciful bulldozer. Plumbing didn't work, and the floorboards were so thin in places I thought I was going to fall through. They lost my golf travel bag after putting us in the wrong room;the bag was lost as they moved our luggage from one to the other. Walls between units are very thin which was a great learning experience for my 11 year old son. Don't order drinks at the pool: you get a 4 oz cup for ten bucks. Most of the group we were with left and checked in at other hotels. We had a low rate but if you are paying their normal rate of 300 per night, you are getting ripped off.. Let me know if you find my golf bag in your closet because they never did.
4	The layout of the hotel is different.  Is more of a Condo structure than a hotel but I think is actually a very good thing since it makes your stay a bit more private and you don't have to deal with elevators.   Room was nice and clean with a balcony that has a view of the pool.  Pool was nice.  They have 4 different pools which is great because it avoids crowdiness.  I didn't think their room service was pleasant and the food wasn't good therefore we didn't even bother trying the restaurant's food.  I would recommend to eat out.  They  have happy hour every day at the bar so not bad as far as drinks.  Positive thing of the location is that is close to the fwy.  Negative thing of the location is that there isn't anything else within the same area such as shopping centers or grocery stores.    Overall I would stay here again.
4	To be totally honest, we went to Zona for the live music on the patio.  The drinks were strong and priced a little high, understandably so for a resort though.  The food that was coming out from the kitchen looked incredible!  I love that they have live music on the patio and we will definitely be back for that.
2	They consider themselves a luxury hotel, but I must say that it was far from that.  While it looks like the suites were very nice and re-modeled, the room we had looked like something you would get at a Motel 6.  The facilities were fine, including the pool areas and restaurant/bar.  It's fine for the price, but if it's luxury you're after, definitely look elsewhere.
5	Very nice hotel. The room was very clean and the staff was nice. Would defiantly stay here again
4	This is a lovely hotel with a very friendly and accommodating staff. I stayed at the Zona this past weekend for a wedding and was very pleased with the accommodations and amenities. There are a few pools, hot tubs, a great restaurant, bar, and fitness center. I'm sure there are other amenities of which I didn't take advantage. Also, for as large of a property they are, the room service is great! They are prompt and accurate with deliveries. We really hope to return to Scottsdale for a leisure visit and stay at Zona Hotel and Suites again.  It was truly delightful. And, the free WiFi was nice.
1	I should have walked away from this place as soon as I started the check-in process. The guy at the front desk wasn't helpful... apparently no one was available to assist in carrying bags to the room and there were no baggage carts to help you make one trip to the room. The room was the size of a bathroom. The walls are paper-thin and you're SOL if staying downstairs because everything creaks upstairs. You'd be lucky if you receive more than a bar when connecting to wifi.The only reason I'd give one star is because I forgot a couple personal items in the room and the head of housekeeping, Maria, was prompt in returning my call. She is putting my items to the side until I'm able to go back and pick them up, which is very sweet of her to do.There are so many nice places to stay in Scottsdale... pick one and spare yourself.
1	I'm literally writing this review at 2:45 am from my room at Zona Suites and Resorts.  I would rather be asleep but alas, sleep will not be what I am getting tonight.  Aside from the bed feeling like a padded half pipe (can't keep from rolling into the center!) the noise that you hear inside your room is insane!  There are a group of people by the pool. They aren't being obnoxious or loud so it doesn't warrant a call to the front desk - but you can literally hear every word.  Plus half of the group is in the room above ours so every trip up and down the stairs is heard loud and clear.  I would have gladly transferred to a different room (even at 2:45am!) but I was told at check in that they were 100% full tonight and I could not get a room on the 3rd floor as I desired.  The grounds are pretty - perhaps I should go walk around since it is clear I won't be getting any sleep.
4	Reasonable prices if you book on Expedia, staff was friendly. Parking and wifi was free and they had free computers you could use in the lobby. They have a free shuttle that takes you anywhere within 5 miles (psst-- sometimes farther if it isn't busy and you are a generous tipper, say $25-$30 to go to downtown Scottsdale).We had a 2 Queen basic room. The room itself was nice, but the bathroom was outdated. I would splurge and get a suite next time, they are more remodeled. We stayed on the second floor and never heard any noise.Room cleaning does come early--8 or 9 am, so be sure to place a do not disturb sign if you're planning on sleeping in past that. The restaurant was ok, food was good but it was really slow getting our food both times. The area has a ton of shopping and restaurants nearby.
1	Celebrating Birthday with Spouse on Friday night. No parking available at entrance to check in. Check in staff was So-So. Received room info, walked back to car, drove over to room, got bags out, walked up to room, opened door and Uh-Oh, this room has double beds, not the King we made reservation for. Call front desk, got the "fully booked" comment then put on hold. Told to come back to front. Get bags, Load up car, drive back to front where there's no parking. Stand in line, go through whole process again, get new room assigned. Walk back to car. Drive over to other side of property. Unload bags. Walk to new room and open doors to interior design circa 1981. Give up. Drop off bags. Walk over to restraurant and literally cannot figure out where the door is to go in. Walk back to car. Drive over to Elephant bar. Have some good food and a some drinks. Go back to room. Sleep for night. Check out and go home to review my $175 hotel bill and wonder what I paid for.
1	This is the most remarkably over priced hotel at which I have had the misfortune of staying.  I was given a rate of $452/night and billed double that.  The rooms were dark enough (energy saving bulbs) that they must have assumed no one would be able to read the receipt.
2	I got this place only because of Priceline's "Name your own Price". I needed a hotel in Phoenix for the Dodgers Spring Training and this was place that took our bid. The Room::::It was the size of a closet. I don't know how they fit two beds, TV, a bathroom, desk and an area to hang your clothes in this small amount of space. Our bathroom lock was broken.Cons:::::::1) When you walk into your room you're greeted by a 4 inch curb that you need to pick your feet up to walk in. I hit it walking in every single time.2) You have to pay a $17 resort fee that comes with some garbage wifi. The internet was so slow that it was almost Dial Up internet.3) The walls are PAPER thin. We literally had to buy a box of earplugs for everyone because you could hear people talking softly inside our room. IPros:::::::1) If you're there for golf, you're in luck. There's at least 4 golf courses in the vicinity, including a course on the PGA tour.2) There are four pools on the property.Conclusion:::::I would not book this place straight up and I would not advise you to either. It is definitely not worth the star rating nor the price.
1	This hotel is a complete disaster. I'm not even sure where to start. My sister and her fiance booked a wedding block here. It took at least 4 conversations with their staff to confirm the wedding block. However, when guests called they were informed the wedding block was full. My sister and her fiance were confirmed a suite for Friday and Saturday of the wedding weekend. Upon arrival on Friday, my sister was informed that she did not have a suite booked for the weekend. Thank god she found the confirmation number in her email, so she was given the suite for the weekend. Also, at this time we found that only 4 other rooms were booked in the suite. How was is sold out then?!? Then, on Saturday.. we were confirmed that we would have a shuttle to take us to the venue at 130pm for pictures. Well, 130pm rolled around and we went down to get on the shuttle and were then informed that the venue was too far away for the shuttle. They charged me $50 to take the shuttle, which I was very angry about, but was not going to argue when we were already running a couple minutes late. That night, the bride and groom stayed in their suite. I stayed in another regular room, which is the smallest room I've ever stayed in and it was still $209! The next morning, we had reserved a patio for a no-host brunch. The waitresses were clearly not informed of this. The service was SO SLOW. We had to request a late checkout just to wait to get our food in time.Then the assistant manager was brought in to help and he spilled a water glass on a guest. The hotel was completely unprepared to accomodate this brunch. PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE FOR WEDDINGS AT ALL COST -- Sincerely, frustrated Maid of Honor.
4	Well it's a good one! Maybe not five stars, but for the price I paid - it simply can't be beat!Front desk staff very polite, friendly and helpful - smiles on their face as if they really are happy to see me back - this time with the family!The two bedroom suite is plenty spacious for the four of us and it has almost everything in it that you'd expect. A dinning room that sits six, a full kitchen with bar and two stools, washer/dryer, dishwasher and regular size fridge - coffee pot and blender for the drinks.The pool is the biggest I've seen - normally I'm not in this section of the resort, but I am glad they put us in this one because the pool is spectacular - I believe it has three or four waterfalls - and hot tub at one end. You can REALLY rack up some laps without constant turning. OK - I did one complete lap and then went into the hot tub where I belong!I know the buffet breakfast is good and the fruit here compared to WNY is crazy good. Last night all four dinners came out as scheduled - TOGETHER AND PERFECT! Substituting the potato for fresh strawberries wasn't a problem at all.They also had live entertainment and I will admit - though they aren't a famous duet - every song they sang was sung well. Parking is plentiful, rooms are clean, entire resort is well manicured and the surroundings make it a pleasant get-a-way from the cold weather we have had this year in WNY. Tons of things to do in the surrounding area - and we already know where to buy booze! A few cons: They do not provide dish towels, the sheets are not high quality, and some of the gym equipment isn't working correctly - wasn't the last time I was here either. But the gym is so big and it has so much equipment we were both able to workout! There is only complimentary coffee in the room - but they have some sort of tea in the lobby - forget what they call it - some Palmer crap! One of the bathrooms didn't have a hair dryer, but the front desk quickly remedied that for us! I'll try to add some pictures later!Unless there is a way I'm not aware of - I can't add pictures to the review - something that I should be able to do. But so long as I'm editing this - I will add that the outlets in the rooms are lose and plugs don't stay in them well.
4	We stayed at Zona for two nights while visiting family in town.  Overall, this was a great resort, especially for the price.  We enjoyed the multiple pools and great service.  Everyone on the property was very nice.  In particular, Brian was awesome.  He assisted with luggage and shuttle service.  He was so attentive, providing tips on local restaurants.  When we called him for pickup from our restaurant, he arrived immediately!  I truly appreciate staying at a nice hotel that also provides great service.  Great job Zona hotel!
4	This place was wonderful! Staff was friendly, shuttle service was so convenient, pools and grounds are beautiful. Room was so big and the kitchenette was the best part!!! Loved being able to cook meals instead of eating out every meals. I can't wait to comeback!
3	We were just looking for a place to catch a few ZZZZ's before our road trip to the canyon, so for the price in comparison to a motel or lower priced chain, this place fit the bill fine.  Not a 5 star establishment by any means, but a neat place to rest a while.  I'd stay again in the off season, not sure if I'd pay more than I did for a room, but it was more than acceptable for this time of year and our trip.  The staff was fine.  Room was clean, dated, but clean.
2	We booked this place through Orbitz and from the photos posted online, thought this was a really great deal.  Instead, the room was literally the size of a closet with the beds taking up most of it.  The carpet was filthy and the bathtub rusted out around the drain. Some of the tiles around the edge of the Jacuzzi was chipped and dangerous to lean against. Someone said there was a golf tournament nearby.  That might explain the loud talking and yelling so early every morning. The walls were very thin.  We were so disappointed.  To their credit, the restaurant was good.  Fortunately, there are nicer places to stay in the area.
1	The room was ok but it smelled like smoke. Someone tried stealing our food that we brought with us and they tried hiding it in their room. We had to get it back our selves because the front desk said all they could do was call them and ask them why they did it. The pool was disgustingly dirty and cloudy, no towels by the pool, and the hot tub was colder than the pool. There were cleaning carts all over the place through out the whole day. The shower basically spit at you but at least it was hot water. We constantly had the feeling that people lived there. Never again.
1	Zona suites says it's a 3 1/2 star hotel.  This place was not up to par. We drove in and realized the guests were very ghetto.  Then we realize this place does not have an elevator and all the rooms doors go to the outside.  This is not a 3 1/2 hotel i was expecting.  We had to sign we would not smoke in rooms but the room smelt of musty smoke. Even the first floor had stairs. No security anywhere. There are signs all over the place that they do not take responsibility for theft or damage.  You could hear all your neighbors, walls are very thin.  We go down to pool and the spa is ice cold.  The pool is subpar at best.  We came to go back to our room from pool and was welcomed by a snake on the sidewalk.  The sheets were very cheap.  The kitchen was minimal stocked.  I will not be returning to this hotel. We paid way to much for this dump and that was on priceline!
1	3.5 star rating, 2.5 star accomodations, 1 star guests.Pros: good location (Scottsdale), showers immediately hot, nice smelling complimentary soaps.Cons: paper thin walls, smoke smell in the "non smoking" rooms, cheap bedsheets that felt like plastic, high 4 inch door step that catches feet, overabundance of loud guests, cloudy/dirty water in the pools, so much chlorine in the pools that it burns your eyes immediately, FREEZING water in the "hot tub", very large cleaning carts blocking the sidewalks at all hours of the day and night, minimum utensils in kitchen, cleaning personnell who enter immediately after a light tap on the door.....And the everwhelming impression that I had been ripped off for staying here, that it does not dererve a 3.5 star rating at all. We kept looking over the fence at the 4-star Fairmont Resort with longing.
2	pictures of this property are deceiving. This "resort" is basically a large apartment complex with little parking, small pools, small rooms, and poor landscaping. Vents leak inside the rooms, and around the property were vents hanging off of the walls. They had garbage dumps in the parking lot that had such a foul odor, we had to hold our breath as we walked past. The rooms: the kitchen has updated appliances, but everything else is so outdated including the light fixtures, the outside patio chairs, the sliding closet doors, and the bathroom fixtures. My own apartment looks better than this "resort". The salt water pool burned our eyes and skin. I won't return here. It was overpriced as well.
1	I would NOT recommend this hotel to anybody! I booked a stay for 3 nights here with my boyfriend thinking this was going to be a quick romantic get-a-away. When we arrived the lobby was clean enough and they were able to check us in early. However, once we got to our king suite we were sorely disappointed. Everything was terribly outdated, right outside out room smelled of sewage (we were originally in building 4 and there were sewage drains right across the walkway) , the ice bucket had mold in it, the pan drawer under the stove didn't shut all the way, causing a tripping hazard, the sheets were incredibly starchy- almost felt like plastic, and the toilet did not stop running! We decided to try to make it work for at least one night- what a mistake. The second day of our stay we requested to be moved to a different room for all reasons listed above. The manager on duty was very short and rude with me, but he did say he would have a bell hop come up and help with the bags and get us moved. I gave them until 4pm (since that is check in time and i figured they would have to clean a room) and still nobody came to help me with the bags. I went to the lobby and they gave me the key and told me which room i was getting moved to. Nobody ever showed up to help with our bags at all. The newer room they moved us to was much more modern which was a nice change. There wasn't an ice bucket in this room but I'd prefer that over a moldy one any day! The drinks were insanely overpriced and small, and the bartender had her hair down resulting in a hair in my drink. Upon leaving I accidentally left a few expensive bathing suits on the patio. I called immediately and somehow they were just gone. Of course my first thought is that a maid stole them.. Of course I don't know that for sure, but my boyfriend even saw them outside on the chair as well. Overall, I would NEVER stay here again or suggest thing hotel to anybody. Horrible experience- STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!!!
3	Resort lobby and grounds are very nice. 4 pools with towel service! 1 bedroom suite was very clean and spacious. 2 biggest complaints: 1. The sheets were absolutely terrible. They were extremely rough and scratchy, very cheap, poor quality. 2. The Air Handler in our suite was very very noisy, when the air kicked on, it was so loud it would wake me. Overall, for the price paid, it was a very good value. With soft, luxury type sheets and a quiet air handler, it would have been 4 stars.
5	Went here for my wife's and I anniversary . This hotel is awesome for a couple different reasons  . First the Graze Grill has amazing food and wonderful service. The rooms are fantastic we got the suite that has a full kitchen and has two flat screen televisions . The room has a very modern but soft feel. I highly recommend this to anyone that wants a romantic getaway .
1	My best friend was getting married at a nearby golf course. We (the bridal party, her family, her extended family, the groom's family, etc.) all stayed at the Zona due to the price and proximity to the golf course. The very first thing I noticed was a dead roach pushed up against one of the baseboards. We were on the ground floor, so it seemed plausible that there may be A (meaning 1) bug in the room. I was just a little shocked that the cleaning crew hadn't caught it. After being in the room for a few hours, setting up for the next day, we noticed mosquitoes. Soon enough we were all getting little bites. No one could figure out how they were getting in. So we just swatted them when we saw one land. This was a never ending game for the three days we were all there. That night, I was forced to sleep on the pull-out couch bed. I was shocked and a little grossed out when I pulled out the bed to find a large stain of some sort that had accumulated more than a little dirt and was now growing something...I promptly called the front desk and asked to move to a room of my own. I had a room of my own for the next night, but this night all the bridesmaids were planning on staying with the bride. I refused to stay on that bed. The girl at the front desk asked if I just wanted sheets for that bed. Considering I had no idea what was living in that thing I again requested that my reservation be extended for my own room that night. She complied and after 45 minutes on the phone I went to get my keys to my very own room.The room was clearly a handicapped room. This wouldn't have been such a big deal except for the bathroom was something hideous, straight out of the first SAW movie (you know the one where the two guys are in the tiled room with a toilet and bath tub...before he saws his own leg off....). Except there was no bathtub...just a creepy shower. I figured I would just shower in the brides room the next day. All I needed was a place to rest my head. I went to peel back the plastic-y sheets and found small spatters of something that was either chocolate or blood....or something else. I wasn't going to wait to find out. So I called the front desk again and explained my situation to which the girl (same one) responded "Eeeewww. Thats gross". My sentiments exactly.I moved to the second room. Same eerie bathroom, still a handicapped room (which I didn't want--again!), an air conditioner that whistled after it was shut off and this room was harboring a family of crickets. I refused to shower in these rooms and went to the bridal suite to shower. The water was nice and warm, though the water pressure could have used some work. The only thing was that you need to wait a few minutes for all of the bugs that come up out of the drain to go back down. After that it was just fine. The next morning we went to grab breakfast at Graze. The waiter was fine, but a quick breakfast (coffee and toast) turned into us waiting 30 minutes for extremely burnt toast. A little char never hurt anyone, right? I would probably never stay here again. Nothing like wondering if you're going to catch something from sleeping in a bed, if your going to be laying on someone's leftover fluids, maybe swallow a bug in the middle of the night when you go to potty in a bathroom straight out of a horror film. Yep. Not my cup of tea. Sorry Zona...you lost me.  Also, you should know I was charged for the extra night....after all that they refused to refund anything as it wasn't their fault. I blame the dude who bled on the bed before my arrival. Good job, Zona!
4	Really good for its price, clean, beautiful pool, and it's tucked away in a quiet place. They also have juice in the lobby that's very nice.
1	Do not stay here, upon walking in to what they call suites you smell dust and this awful musty smell to find very dated layout and kitchen. Initially thought it was just me but automatically felt itchy and the room just didn't feel comfortable and clean. I even hesitated to walk barefoot in the room because I felt the carpet was dirty and musty. The air conditioning is horrible, super noisy and super cold - don't even bother. What really did it for me was the fact that I found a bug in my sheets, something that looked like either bed bug or termite. Immediately called front desk packed my things and checked out. I was literally in the room for just a couple hours...don't know how I stayed so long to begin with.
1	Check in was for 4pm and was told No! Had to get a manager due to the inability of the staff to get their job done. Rooms are musty smelling and old. The bed sheets are like sleeping in a starched cowboy shirt. The bar Patio because we did not get seated by them would not serve us drinks. The grounds are not kept neat and the sidewalks are dirty!They have no Handicap consideration and I had to assist lifting a paralyzed gentlemen in and out of the shuttle bus.I would never go back to this place as it does not belong in Scottsdale but more like El Mirage!
4	I am here in my hotel bed while we speak! This has been my second stay at the Zona Hotel. I would like to give them more stars but all the little things have added up. From not being able to stay in our same room we had reserved all nights to the technologic issues with our tv & telephone.. On the plus side, there is free wifi, a shuttle that transports us, multiple pools, and home-y rooms. So don't go running off because this place is still "A-OK ***" for your money. There's a reason we came back again, right?
1	The customer service here is beyond ridiculous. Late check in because staff is on their own agenda and rooms were not clean in time (I waited 2 hrs dyer I was supposed to be able to have access to my room), the mgr on the floor Leesa laughed me when I registered a complaint a out the cleanliness of the room, the security in rooms is poor (drunk guests entered my room through my patio), the service at the restaurant is slow, and no one seems to care about the guests or their stay. I figured the only thing I can do is write a yelp review because there is no one else that will do anything.
2	Out dated and  horrible customer service through out the whole place. Came for a wedding and wont be coming back. We liked the idea of having a kitchen because my other half is a competitive body builder and eats 4000 calories a day. However the kitchen drawers ere stuck making it so we could not use the utensils for cooking. The garbage disposal didnt work. The silver wear was so old and dingy i thought i was going to get a disease if i used them and washing dishes forget about it the water pressure was null.  i had to use the bathtub to even retrieve  water for the kitchen sink.The worst part was that when we got to our room after checking in at 615pm there was no sheets or towels in our room. The room appeared to be clean just left with out the bed made up and towels for the bathroom. Nor was there an iron to go with the ironing board. We had spent all day traveling and needed to shower and iron our clothes for a rehearsal diner we were already later for. I proceeded to call down numerous times to hear the same thing over and over. They are terribly sorry someone will be right up. By 830 we left without showering or ironing our clothes  to meet our group who now had already eaten without us. When we returned at 1015pm we opened out hotel room to find sheets left on the chair by the front door for a queen size bed ( we had a king) and no blanket. We did how ever get towels so they did something right. I called down again and politely asked that they please bring the coorect size and blanket only to have a member of the staff bring me a bathmat for the shower. I waited and called several more times until finally at 1130 pm i called down and demanded this be handled right now. YOu know what happened next , brace yourself.... the front desk called the security on me. I was applauded. I was not rude nor was i out of line finally demanding this be handled. Security finally brought me the items i needed and my room was compensated for that night of hell. There customer service was so bad that at the wedding the staff was rude to everyone like as if they hated there job. Im not sure what the issue is over there but dont stay here. Half the wedding party apparently had issues with there room.  i gave the two stars only because they did comp my room for a night to make uop for their  mistake
1	I got this hotel through Hotwire for what seemed like a great deal, but definitely was a waste of our time. When we arrived, there was literally nowhere to park. Not even to check in, and when I say literally, I mean there was not one parking spot open. I think some cars were parked in a dirt field nearby, maybe that's where we were supposed to go.My husband dropped me off at the door to figure out what we were supposed to do and check in. Two women were at the desk but didn't acknowledge me until I was all the way to the desk and said hello. There was no line or anything, so I'm not sure what that was about, but they continued to seem bothered that I was even there.I asked what we were supposed to do about parking and the woman kept repeating "it's open parking". So I said "so you are telling me that if we leave and come back, we might have to walk half a mile to our room from whatever parking spot or dirt field we might have to be in?". She would only repeat "it's open parking". I asked her if there was any way we could cancel this even though it was prepaid and she was very quick to do so. I requested this in writing because I didn't really trust them to actually refund it, so I waited for what seemed like forever while she typed a hilariously grammatically incorrect "letter" and then didn't sign it. We left and found something else. Hotwire processed the refund the next day, so this must not be an uncommon occurrence at this place.
5	Wonderful service! Ben at the front desk was great! He tried very hard to accommodate my self and 2 daughters. We got a really nice suite and the driver sheen ( I think) was also wonderful. He was prompt , friendly and helpful. The bar staff was also friendly. I think the rooms were spacious and well equipped . For the price I say it was amazing. The friendly service alone was worth it.
2	I have never been put on hold so many times for so long just to find out if my reservation had a credit card on file. Must have spoken to at least 6 different people and nobody seemed to know anything.
5	Loved Zona Hotel!  We had a King Suite with a living room,  kitchen and dining room. It was spacious and well priced. The pool is beautiful,  large, and heated. Still a little cool for a January evening, so we stuck to the hot tub, but all in all a great area to relax and rejuvenate.  We loved our trip and would definitely go back.
4	They recently renovated some rooms which give this hotel some much needed life. Bathrooms still need help, but the rooms are clean and comfortable.Front desk staff are helpful and friendly. Location next to TPC Scottsdale is fantastic.
2	This hotel is beautiful and very clean. Our room was great. They have a free shuttle service that will take you within 5 miles. This seemed like a great thing until I went to get groceries and became stranded at Trader Joe's because no one told the shuttle driver that I had called. The same thing happened the next night. One morning I had to get to a class down the street and the driver just told her he could not take me and started driving off. he was loading up only two other women who were going to the same place so I told him I was going there too so he rolled his eyes and told me to get in. not very professional drivers. The food was ok at the graze bar. Heather was our server who was MIA most of the time. We had to get our own waters and the fries were cold when we got them. Not just room temp but actually cold. I will order out next time.
2	Several issues with this place. First, I had to lug my baggage up to the 3rd floor of my "casita". Then the bathroom looks unclean and out dated. The tv remote was out of batteries and it took them 2 hours to come up. The alarm clock would not keep the right time and was frozen at the same time. I then tried to call down for a wake up call and the buttons on the phone for the front desk were not working. Had to call with my cell phone and wait through the lengthy outgoing message and transfers.Would not come back..
2	OK, we stayed a week here. It was OK, and I agree with the other reviewers, but, we didn't have bugs like some of the other guests. I agree also, that the place needs updating, but, overall, the location and price can't be beat in that upscale area. The other hotels cost twice as much!We plan on returning next year, and we'll brace ourselves for a new adventure. I also sent a message to the hotel management, asking if they've read their online reviews, and why don't they get a loan to update, and hire more help. We'll see what they say!!
4	I like this hotel, and it's convenient to just about everything in Scottsdale.  The first time my husband and I stayed here, we had to wait a long time to get a room.  Then the shift changed, and Ben helped us at the desk.  Boy, what an improvement!!  He had us taken care of in less than five minutes, with professionalism and a terrific attitude!!  Now, when we go to Zona, we always try to get Ben to check us in.  He  makes our stay so much more enjoyable with his willingness to help and his friendly personality!!!  To me, it seems like there is no upward mobility program, so maybe there isn't great incentive to help customers more, but if there was, this guy should be at the top of the list for a raise or supervisory position!!!
3	Pretty good resort. Our room definitely needed updating, but none of the issues that I read about in some other reviews. Restaurant was decent. Staff was good. Four pools (all with hot tubs) were all nice and clean.
1	I do NOT recommend this hotel.  We were so excited to find this place and book it for my daughters out of town wedding guests, her bridal party and the bride and grooms parents...it was close to the venue at the Country Club at DC Ranch.  It seemed smaller and more intimate than some of the larger hotels. It turned out to be a disaster. A block of rooms had been booked 6+ months in advance - although we never had the same Sales Director to speak to.  The day we were to check in, the rooms were not ready even though they knew the rehearsal was to start at 4:30.  I informed them that I was the mother of the bride and really needed my room.  They assured me they would get me checked in shortly and call me.  By 4 o'clock they still hadn't called, so I went to the front desk and pleaded to get into a room because I had to change and get to the venue.  Needless to say, I could not catch the shuttle on time and had to drive myself.   I had to get fresh towels from the maid service myself.  This was a weekend in high season for hotels - and this hotel was definitely not capable of providing adequate customer service.  They had two shuttle buses, but on Saturday they only had one driver.  The women in the bridal party went to a local establishment to get our hair done.  The driver dropped us off and we told him we would call him shortly to get us back to the hotel and then to the venue.  When we were almost done, we called for the shuttle - and we then called several more times.  We waited well over an hour.  Once we finally got back to the hotel, we literally ran to our rooms to get our clothes (bridal gown, etc), but the shuttle had taken off.  My daughter, her attendants, mother-in-law, and I had to cram into her father-in-laws truck to take us. It was a horrible way to start the wedding festivities.  The wedding activities were ending at 11pm which had been known for months - that night we found out the shuttle service was stopping at 10pm. Another disaster.   The bar situation was also undesirable!  They literally and rudely kicked people out of the bar at 11 when there was a full house.  I had a long time family friend attending and staying at Zona-she and her family runs hotels and restaurants in the Northwest.  She absolutely was stunned as she watched this happen.  This was a weekend, not even a week day evening. Unbelievable.   I have to say that I will definitely advise people to find Scottsdale properties that can provide and are prepared to fulfill obligations to their customers with hospitality and service - NOT the Zona Hotel and Suites.
1	Just returned from beautiful Arizona, however the Zona was the worst part of our trip.  I will never stay there again.  If you are looking for anything better than a 2 star hotel do not stay here.  Rooms are outdated and small (Including the so called suites).  The air conditioning unit was very loud when on and I would have to get up at least 3x a night to open and shut the freezer door due to the loud humming noise it made.  The walls are also very thin.  You can hear on both sides of you and above and below.  The maid service would not come until 4:00 p.m. or a couple of days they never came  at all (we had to call for towels).  One day the maid did come while we were out and left our room door open the whole day/night. Not just unlocked but partly open. It looks like an apt complex.  There are 3 floors and no elevator.   You must carry your luggage up the stairs.  You enter the rooms from the outside.  Parking is very limited.  If you get in past 8:00 p.m. there are usually NO parking spots left.  People were parking in the field accross the street.  Our room had no balcony as others did.  The kitchen was sparsely equipped with any dishware or silverware.  I was afraid to use the silverware anyways and bought plastic. We went to the restaurant (Graze) one day at lunch time.  We sat and waited 20 minutes for someone to wait on us however that never happened.  There were only 2 other tables in the whole restaurant.  At the pool there is a phone that you can use to call the restaurant for drinks or food.  However no one usually answers or they are to busy to accomodate you any time soon.  Later in the afternoon there are never any towels at the pool.  Unfortunately this was a last minute trip for us and during spring break so the other "nicer" hotels had extremely higher rates.  However I would pay the extra money next time.  Very disappointing vacation. Don't let the pictures fool you.
1	Rooms are huge but the walls are supper thin.  You can hear people above your room taking showers and shits.  You can hear every step they make.  GHETTO!
1	Sub par rooms (bugs and very outdated), poor service are the two most glaring faults of this hotel. While they advertise new and renovated rooms most are not. Combined with the fact that the rates are far too expensive for what you'd expect make this hotel worth 1 star. The only saving grace are the nice grounds and pool. Would not stay again.
1	Hello to all!Thinking of taking a staycation?So were we, so we checked groupon and saw a $65.00 rate... The pictures looked great with several heated pools and spas.... What a way to unwind!Before purchasing the groupon I called the hotel to ask a few questions... I sat on hold over 10 minutes for reservations and was finally given an option to leave a message which guaranteed a call back... Of course it didn't say when... And I still have not received that call and I left the message weeks ago!I called later that night and same thing... On hold.I waited until Monday and called the hotel manager who was very understanding and referred me to the reservation manager.I had high hopes..... Until I went online and read the HORRENDOUS AND SCARY reviews!  I spoke with Doug(reservation mngr) who did call me exactly when I was told he would.. Impressive! At this point I was questioning whether it was worth the aggravation I had already been through.I asked if they read their online reviews because overall they are quite scary!Doug explained that the hotel had partially updated the rooms and guaranteed he would get us a room on the first floor by a pool.Unfortunately there were no suites or king bed rooms with our needs so we took a room with 2 beds to be on the first floor and by a pool.I explained how my husband had back surgery and cannot do stairs and I was assured he would take care of it. I also told him it was our anniversary and therefore a very special weekend.All week we have been looking forward to Saturday so we can go play, soak and just have a romantic night.We got to the hotel at 4p and what we found was what looked like your standard Arizona apartment complex! LolWe were assisted by KELSEY who said she was acting supervisor and she went on to tell us our room was on the second floor!  I explained how we need the first floor room so she stood staring at her computer only to tell me she had nothing to accommodate us... Now keep in mind we have not gone away even for a night in a long time and we needed this getaway badly!KELSEY said there was an upgraded room 8 steps below ground... What didn't she understand about..... NO STAIRS!I asked KELSEY to call Doug and she said he wasn't in so I requested she call his cell phone... We all know he had one of those! She insisted she could not do that so we turned around and left and drove all the homeOn the way home I received an email from the hotel saying how sorry they were we had to cancel ! ....  What a joke!We had to change many thing around to make this weekend happen and I am not at all happy about this situation.I even suggested to KELSEY "supervisor" she put us up at princess hotel next door she completely discarded that suggestion!In the reviews a lot of people mentioned how the check in staff lacked personality and friendliness which I can back up!   This "supervisor" lacked people skills and does not appear to go the extra step to make the customer happy.In a situation like this KELSEY most definitely should have reached out to Doug or the hotel manager ..  Even if was their day off!  In the hospitality business you should always be on call!I am writing this review while it is still very clear in my mind... I am sure I will hear from Doug come Monday and I will update you as to whether or not he makes this customer happy!So for now.... Remember to always take a moment to stop and smell the roses!
3	Happy Easter to all!Here is my revised review of the  Zona Hotel.We just got home from our night at the Zona and I am pleased to report a MUCH better experience!We were greeted by Ben at the front desk and he was very pleasant and smiley.... I liked it!He got us checked in and we went to our casitas right off the pool.The room was updated and very clean.  The pool was crazy crowded (even though there 4 of them situated around the grounds) so we sat on our patio and enjoyed the desert landscape and the birds chirping and we just relaxed.I tried on 3 occasions to get ice which was no where near our room and all 3 times the ice machine was empty .We called up front to inquire about some ice and 10 minutes later had a knock at the door and they delivered a bag of ice!  I was very impressed. We visited the restaurant for late lunch and found the outdoor area to be very quaint and again quiet ... Which we enjoyed.Although service was very slow... Only 1 girl appeared to be manning the bar and outside area so she had her hands full the server HEATHER did get to us and she was friendly and did the best she could on her own.The food was ok.. Nothing special by a long shot... Hubby had salmon sandwich  and the salmon was overlooked and dry... I had a cowboy burger which was also way over cooked and as my side dish I got a cucumber/ tomatoe salad that had red onion and I thought was light cool and refreshing!We spent the day just relaxing and reading and enjoying strolls thru the nicely kept grounds.  You will find a variety of cacti and trees and desert flowers... The mountains make for a calming background .Later that night we went back tot the restaurant for dinner and the patio took a transformation from day to night!The big fireplace was on and they had a couple singing and playing guitar  playing a lot of older and folky type music.We each had a steak... Everything is a la cart.. The steak was tasty ... Mine came with 3 unappetizing potatoe wedges.My husband steak came with rice and some veggies.We did have a desert of a peach tart? It was flaky philo crust with very bland peaches.  It was just ok but it did come with a nice vanilla ice cream.Overall.....very enjoyable.We waited for the pool to clear out and soaked in the perfectly temperatured spa for a bit and then I finally had the pool all to myself... The temperature was warm enough that you can walk right in but not too hot that it feels you are swimming in a giant tub!The pool felt so great I didn't want to leave... Luckily I am an early riser and in the morning enjoyed the pool and spa again.We decided to have breakfast, go back to he room grab our bags , soda and ice and leave.We got to the restaurant and we were there 10 minutes before anyone showed up to seat us.. Mind you there was party in front of us and 2 behind us... Where was the hostess?  Where were the employees? Finally we were seated and had the buffet.. It was nasty as one could imagine... Everything looked like it had been sitting out there and the fruit consisted of vcantaloupe, honeydew both of which were not ripe... No berries at all!The oatmeal tasted like glouby water and our server was seen rarely not to mention we were seated 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged us.Definitely NOT worth the price!When we got to the room housekeeping was there and had taken our soda and ice?   We hadent even checked out... It was 9:30a and they were taking our stuff!I checked out and had to wait 15 minutes for someone to return our items....All in all it was a pleasant trip... I do agree still with the reviews about front desk employees... Except for the man we had.... I took time to observe how the employees interacted with the guests and what I saw was NO warm greetings like:Hi how are you today? Nobody smiled or seemed to enjoy what they did.. It was kind of sad.So... To sum up our experience... I would definitely come back if could get the $65.00 groupon rate.  And in the summer I am sure they will have great rates.The hotel needs to work on their personnel and staffing.. They need more employees in the restaurant during all hours they are open and it would be great to be greeted by happy people when you check in.So, for the ZONA hotel I suggest if you can get the good rate give it a try... You will enjoy the peaceful beautiful grounds.We would like to give special thanks to Doug and Nichole ( I hope is Spelled that right) who went above and beyond to make it a very special weekend!In closing...... Always Remember  to  take time to stop and smell the roses!
1	My girlfriend and I recently went on a vacation to Phoenix, week of 4/5-4/14. We decided to buy a groupon last minute to this hotel thinking "wow! What a great deal for a wonderful area". We didn't bother reading the reviews at all because it was last minute and a cheap price. When we got there, check in wasn't bad, the girl had a smile on her face and was polite. Once directed to where our room was, we decided to check it out before going out to dinner. The building had no number on it and if it did we never saw it. First issue! Second was the fact that there was only one way to get to our room! Mind you we both had a carry on and a large suitcase each. This walk was not easy with all of our luggage. Thirdly, the parking was horrible! We had to park over the next lot! Really? I understand places get busy but that wasn't so bad just annoying. Fourth issue, the AC took for ever to get cool! Not to mention the horrible amount of dirt, mold, leaves or what ever was in it. Particles actually fell onto me which freak me out because I thought it was a bug! Nope, it was dirt/dust. We thought alllllright! Well, I guess we're here and we just had flown in so we were tired and hungry. Fifth issue... So we can back, got ready to shower and my girlfriend screamed! Come to find out she nearly slipped and fell face first! There was no shower mat in the tub! We had to use a towel to make ends meet! Then I nearly slipped and fell and injured my back! The bed was alright, pillows were nothing but air and uncomfortable, barely slept all night. The next day I complained the to the man at the desk and all he did was thank us for telling him the issues. Nothing was done, nothing was credited or asked if we were ok. My back hurt the whole entire trip! None of the less, this hotel was horrible, I will never stay here or recommend this place to anyone and I hope no one does! What blew my mind was how this "resort" was so horrible! No fridge, microwave in the room, no breakfast finger foods in the morning. Horrible! We ended up staying at the Hampton inn, in Glendale and had a wayyyy better experience for close to what we paid for. Only 1 star is given for the girl that checked us in the night before. Other than that, this "resort" was horrid and would rather sleep in a car than in here.
2	The room is very spacious and nice HOWEVER we found bugs right next to our bed probly anywhere between 15-20 small bugs. We investigated more and found two spider webbs and a dirty towel in a drawer. The lady at the front desk nicole was very sweet about got us a new room and a $50 credit to there resturant. When we got our new room there was a leak from the codensation :/ wont be coming back!
1	First things first the photos really fake you out and make you think that you just might be staying in a nice hotel. My father and I came into town for a 2 night business trip witH MOR Furniture. My father went on Priceline and booked room off the fancy fake photos. I mean yes room visually looks like that but there is more then  meets the eye. We went to front desk which once again "seemed" nice. There was cucumber water which was lovely. My father checked in with on of the women behind desk. She wasn't mean she's wasn't nice she wasn't anything. My father even attempted humor but it was not acknowledged. I thought oh well maybe she had a bad lunch. They send us around and the facility does look like an old condo building. They put us in a small room which seems claustrophobic to my father so he asked to see another room. Cones back says we are moving and a bell man is helping move our stuff. They put us in one of the larger suites with kitchen and a couch that I have never in my life seen that erect. Really that sofa was red flag one.  Who could sit and relax on that thing?? No one!! Bad!! And it was itchy.  Then I started to feel like everything in the room made me feel itchy. That's when I got the brilliant idea to read yelp reviews. Ahhhh there you have it. Is the comments from previous guests that I too have  been feeling things the whole time. It's like they've tried to upgrade certain things like headboards or pictures on wall. But the carpet is weird and old and the bathroom reminded me of some god awful old Super8 Motel with thin crunchy standard small white towels. After reading all the reviews and having my own bad feelings we decided we will not be staying more then one night. NO!!We go to bed and at 5am we hear people above us thumping around and hear shower running. Thinnest walls  ever!! I was shocked but boy those previous reviews sure warned me!!The pools as we walked by were strange green color and murky. People at pool seem a little white trash. There were a lot of cleaning staff puttering around complex. Just weird people. The whole thing was weird. I just hoped and prayed the one night I was there I wouldn't find bug on bed stand or worst of all in my bed. Guess moral of story is never let pictures make your decisions for you. Yelp when you like good places and yelp when you don't. For this resort I'm never coming back but I'm impressed with their ability to use smoke and mirrors. It's a talent. Don't get me started on resturant. I heard enough and was like "pass"!!Head owner of this hotel should seriously take a look how his business up is running. Hello it's called "Undercover Boss". Do it and be afraid.
1	After a flying cross-country, waiting a lengthy bit for baggage at sky harbor in Phoenix, and enduring the public transportation to Zona, we arrive to find our room unavailable. Our reservation was null and void for night 1 and we were shuttled off to another hotel. Their sales team and a third party booking agency overbooks the rooms and their patrons arrive unexpectedly to be moved like cattle elsewhere. This is the second time this is happened to us. They did it to us in February 2014 and now May 2014. This is poor customer service and frankly I do not think management at this hotel can be trusted
3	Eh, you get what you pay for? I paid $79 a night and got a 2 bedroom suite. Was it clean? Eh, pretty much. Did my kids think it was cool? Yes! My free wifi didn't work the entire time, which was not cool. When I called the front deal they have me the tech support number to call myself. Spent 3 hours on the phone with them in 2 phone calls. Never did work and I missed deadlines for homework I needed to turn in. The pools, all 4 of them, were awesome! Lots of bees, but that can't really be helped. The restaurant Graze was very good. Overall, we had a great visit. I did disinfect and wipe down before we moved our stuff in. The place has potential! Just invest in some new towels, linens and cleaning!
1	Went to check in and room was not ready. Was told to wait and that I would be called when the room would be clean. Three hours later still no call. Had to call in myself and the room had been ready for the past three hours. Was late to my event because of the wait. Room was dirty. Bed had no sheets on it. Bugs in the room; crawling on the walls and lamp shades. Left an item in my room. Called the hotel and had to call four times until I finally had someone answer then was transferred over to a voicemail the three following times I called. Checked out two days again and still have not been able to speak to someone about my forgotten item. Horrible horrible service.
4	Pools are great! There are four different areas and you can bring your own beverages and food in! Perfect if you are on a budget and don't want to go a resort that makes you pay 10$ for each drink. The room we had was renovated and much nicer than we were expecting from some of the reviews we read. Yes- there is some minor wear and tear outside and around the hotel. However- for the price you are paying this is exactly what we were looking for. Restaurant provided good food as well. I'm giving Zona four stars bc the experience we had was exactly what we wanted for the price we paid. Would be nice to have some conifer chairs at the pools and possibly more food options or an outdoor grill at one of the pools for a quick bite to eat.
4	I saw the mixed reviews before booking for my family coming to town. They left me a little worried about what we would find when we arrived.I am pleasantly surprised. It's not a luxury resort but offers a lot for a hotel in such a great location. Very close to lots of North Scottsdale amenities. It's a converted apartment complex so the buildings reflect that.The staff when we checked in was very friendly and made my family feel welcome. The room is not luxurious but it's clean and spacious. It's a one bedroom apartment. Works perfectly for what we need. The full kitchen will come in handy.I would recommend this hotel and will book here again.
3	Dated but overall cleanA little concerned about the color of the water in the pools. "You get what you pay for"
3	I like the quietness of the resort, and it's location.The carpet was dirty abit, the bathtub needs  more cleaning.The young shuttle guy is a very nice guy, so pleasant to chat with, he recommended several places and they were great, very friendly and very infoative
4	i booked a stay-cation through a groupon deal for a great price. considering i've paid way more at chain hotels and gotten worse rooms, this place deserves pretty high marks. it's right next to the fairmont princess and in an excellent location for nearby dining. they have a free shuttle that will take you and pick you up anywhere within 5 miles of the hotel. our room, despite being next to one of their 4 pools, was extremely quiet. there are 4 pools...a main, large pool, and 3 smaller but just as nice pools. it was nice to hang out a pool with adults for a change instead of at the nearby pools where it's only "beautiful" people. each pool has a hot tub and there was plenty of drinking going on. a full time fitness center and an on-site restaurant round out the basic gist of the place (although we didn't partake in either). our room, while probably the cheapest due to the groupon, could have been a little better. it was a little dark. the bathroom lighting was terrible as was the shower pressure. the shower/tub itself could use an upgrade....cracked tiles, peeling caulk, and loose fixtures. the bathroom itself is seriously dated. otherwise, comfy beds and an all around good experience for the price point.
5	I was married there on April 18th. With any wedding there where a few hiccups with the room reservations and communication with front desk staff. But our wedding coordinator was on top of it and always got things handled. If anything went wrong the day of the wedding I never knew about it. Wedding was perfect!! Venue was beautiful! Food was great! Everyone had a great time. Price was wonderful. They also offer military discount. Thank you zona and staff. I couldn't of asked for a better day.
1	Not at all as the pictures portray. It is just a cheaply remodeled apartment. The pool areas, rooms, bathrooms do not resemble a resort or hotel. You can hear the maids, neighbors and all the cars in the parking lot. The room and bathroom was very small and the TV had choppy reception.  Not a relaxing time at all. I would not recommend this place at all.
2	This feels like a converted apartment building and I am pretty positive it is. The shuttle driver was rude when I tried to get a ride into town and the vending machine is where an old laundry station was.
2	If there was a 2.5 star I might have given it that but once I left the front desk and got to my room I got more and more disappointed.  First the room size was tiny at least in the room we were in.  I saw reviews if people who had kitchens and stuff, we had none of that in our tiny room.Then the lights began to dim and flicker.  Then I began to hear every footstep and even activity of the people above us. The resort grounds are nice, but if a nice grounds is enough to justify the cost then this is the place for you.  If a quiet room and working room amenities are what you seek then you may want to look elsewhere.
1	I booked my room at this hotel over a month ago for a conference coming in the fall of 2014. The hotel just notified us that they are canceling our reservation because they sold the hotel to another owner. Hmm, funny thing, my reservation confirmation from the hotel states, "This reservation cannot be cancelled, changed or refunded." This is a bilateral contract, so my attorney will be contacting the hotel. Screw you guys.
