1	Rainy awful night out and I had a craving for Chinese take away, boy do I regret that craving now. I ordered the vegetarian dinner for 1 and it seemed good on paper: egg roll, General Tao tofu, chow mein and fried rice...the only edible part was the fortune cookie. I will never, ever order from here again; the rice was tasteless, the chow mein was awful and the tofu was just plain weird, oh, and my stomach hurts.
4	Probably the cheapest sushi in town. Nigiris are a dollar a piece. And most makis are 3-4 pieces for 2-2.5$! Very reasonably priced. The fish is not that fresh but pretty good value for the price you pay! I will definitely come back! The waiter was very nice too.
3	I've tried their general Tao when there's a sidewalk sale1) It's actually pretty good2) it's super cheapThe sushi is cheap and cheaper at 8:30 before they close. While it's not amazing,  it's on par with ayce places.The Chinese dishes are cooked to order (mostly) and taste better than the tourist places in Chinatown. The interior is a reminder of how restaurants were decades ago, the booths are tiny, and you will bump knees and be much closer with your dining companions.
1	Food: ok-ish.. Decent portion sizes. Management: stupid. We got Groupons for this place and my friend and I decided to get our own separate take aways. We were talking as we entered and I then approached the guy at the cash first mentioning that I have a Groupon and would like to get a take away.  He saw the Groupon voucher print out in my friend's hand and asked him if he intended to get a take away using that Groupon voucher as well. My friend replied yes. Note: separate people, separate orders, separate Groupons. He refused to accept both of our Groupons and said as a favor to us, since we obviously didn't know his level of intelligence, he would let us use 1 Groupon.  But we mentioned again and again that we are not together and his reasoning was "I saw you two enter together, so I consider you guys together" We were stunned..  After reasoning out further with this absurd creature, the solution he seemed Ok with was my friend stepping out in the rain until I place my order using my Groupon, collect and leave the place and only then my friend could enter, order and get the food using his Groupon. We are so stunned at the level of stupidity behind this but I didn't want to talk anymore since I wouldn't want to risk getting my food spitted on. But I would definitely not be going back to this place and I am sure neither would my poor friend. Can get good food anywhere else from a person with developed neurons.
