4	Very good. Very Clean. Very 'calm - Zen Like' A good value. Some therapists are better than others.
5	I was in town and needed a massage because my lower back has been killing me. I was happy I was able to get a next day appointment for a deep tissue massage.Ray was my masseuse and even though it hurt like heck during the massage I felt much better afterward. The place was clean and very professional. I was able to take advantage of their introductory rate of $39 so I was happy.
4	My hubby and I got some amazing massages from Sam and Danielle. I would definitely recommend them to anyone who is thinking about coming here!
1	Do not get their membership. It can expire. If you purchase a 3 months membership and you do not return in time...you loose it all. Lesson learned. Waisted my money. Not recommended at all. I rather go somewhere else.
5	I've been to a few Massage Envy's in California and Nevada and have to say that everytime I've gone, I've really enjoyed it! the price point is great! the staff is extremely nice and the therapist do a great job in taking out knots! :) I was lucky to have experience a facial at this location and the Aesthetician did a great job! My skin and face were glowing when I walked out! I highly recommend this location for massages and facials!
2	So Massage Envy has this great offer for first time clients, $39 for your very first massage. Of course having your very first massage you would feel like it was heaven but the second or third time I visited, I started to dislike this place more and more. Personally I think they're masseuses are average. Not great, not bad, just okay. The last person who massaged me was a man and let me tell you, he completely sucked! You couldn't even call it a massage. He was basically tickling me the whole time even after I asked him to stop because he wasn't exerting enough pressure.I've had other massages costing about $100+ but I guess you can say, you get what you pay for. If you're in need of a cheap massage stat, here is the place to go.
1	My girlfriend and I just left and are completely distraught and frustrated.  We had been there once before with satisfying results and so tried it again expecting the same. How wrong we were.  The first time we went we got the introductory rate of about $39 i believe. I knew I couldn't expect the same this time, but never in my dreams had I expected to pay $88 dollars for what was maybe a $30 massage! (the therapist I saw left her ID badge in the room and it showed she had just been licensed last August). No one informed us of this rate when I called to make the appointment or when we arrived. I feel scammed and cheated. I made my feelings known to the cashier but she didn't seem to care or make any compromises. I'll never be back and I'll tell anyone who will listen to not go there. Go to the massage therapy school on weekends! It's only $30 and you get about the same experience!
5	This is one of the biggest clinics in Las Vegas.  Very spacious and clean.  I love how they have two couples rooms and also do facials.  Most of their therapists are very experienced.  If your not sure about which therapist to ask for then what I tell my friends is to ask for one of their lead therapists they are all amazing.  Very convenient and affordable.  I would highly recommend going and giving them a try especially if you need to go frequently.
2	Hostess was nice upon entering, but I seemed very pressured when walking out to purchase a membership. It totally ruined my relaxed mood. Massage therapist did do exaclty what I asked and made me fee comfortable. If it wasn't for the hostess, I could rate this place better. Also, I have a corporate discount that they honored, but said they can only continue to honor if I got the membership, which seemed weird. My concierge at work said that is not true. Seems to me to hostess really wanted to sell me that membership. Buzz kill.
2	I visited this massage envy for a facial.  I have never had a massage here, so I can not review the entire clinic.I was very dissapointed in my facial sevice.  The facial itself was not horrible, but it was not that great either.  The problem I had was that I felt that the woman performing the facial was not educated on the product at all, but was still slightly pushy when trying to sell it.  They use their fingers to perform extractions, not the little tool... which made me feel like she did not nearly get all of my blackheads, and may have made some of them more irratated than necessary.Spend the extra money and go to a spa.
3	I purchased the membership here last spring and thought I would come here regularly, but of course I haven't, usually make it in when my back is killing me and I had found a therapist that I loved, Sam, but I learned today she no longer works there, and I was set up with another therapist, Trina. I loved her! Unfortunately when I try to book her she is usually not available when my schedule allows me to get in, so I took a chance and went to another massage envy and I specifically asked to NOT have the therapist I was given before, and when I arrived and he greeted me, it was the girl I asked not to have, and at that point what are you supposed to say? I was annoyed with the front desk for their mistake. I also learned that if you have a bunch of stockpiled massages, if you cancel your membership, you only have 30 days to use them up, so it's better to use them all and then cancel, like what I'm trying to do. It's hard to find a good therapist that's available!
1	The high pressure sales tactics before and after totally ruined my massage. Can't I just pay for a massage, get a massage and be left alone. It felt like a used car lot.
3	The staff here is pretty friendly. Signed me right in and asked if i needed water.Was a little confused when the front desk asked to close out before my massage. I always figured paying after the massage was proper etiquette for these types of things for the simple fact that i do tip, and the tip is decided on how good or bad the massage was.Over all good spot. Really relaxing
5	I have been going to various Massage Envy locations in Arizona and Nevada for the past 3-4 years. Usually when you start at a new clinic, you need to try a few therapists until you find one that you like. At Blue Diamond, I had a friend refer me to a therapist named Sudo, and he is great. He is the first therapist that seems to be able to pinpoint where the pain is in my back and I walk out pain-free. I normally go in every two weeks and if I book a few days in advance I can normally get in no problem. The clinic itself is always clean and desk staff is friendly.
5	After traveling to all of the different locations in the Southwest area, this location is my favorite.  They have great people at the front desk as they are nice, courteous, and fun to talk to sometimes.  My absolute favorite therapists here are as follows:Female massage therapist: Melissa.  She is great if you need a good deep tissue massage.  She's strong and can find all of your points where you need it most.  She is also great to talk to when you need someone to listen to while you're getting a massage, and will of course remain quiet if you want a nice quite massage.  But she really knows how to find your knots and make them go away!Male massage therapist: David.  He is great with deep tissue as well.  He uses a great technique on my shoulders that really work out that burden or stress you can get from sitting at your desk all day, or working on a computer.  I've never had a therapist that made my shoulders feel great until David.  He is also sociable on the table, but I can get pretty chatty myself.Facial therapist: Kylie.  She is new but has a wealth of information and is great at what she does.  She explains everything she is going to do to your face and her extractions are not painful at all.  She really tries to understand your skins, asks you questions about the products you use, and tailors your facial to your specific needs.I recommend all three therapists, and this location.  Be careful though, they get booked up fast!  You should make your appointments in advance!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (66/365).
4	I had a membership with Massage Envy for a year and went to this location on avg twice a month. Older Hawaiian gentlemen Ray and can't remember her name but petite blonde girl were the two I asked for. Otherwise good service at checkin despite those girls seem to have high turnover. Find a good therapist and stick with them! The company itself is alright. The prices are good, especially if you get more than 1 massage a month. Some of the workers who worked in the casino moved here due to it's closer proximity to their home, and they find less weirdos, or high rollers thinking that a "happy ending" is normal. As always if you really like, in private ask them if they massages outside of ME, if they do I found they are cheaper! I just hate when I fall asleep and snore. LOL unless when I get a deep tissue! OUCH, but feel much better afterwards!!!
4	I am rating the massage therapist who did an amazing job working on my knots a few days ago. Her name is Miranda! She is one of those who needs a little warm up to get her to talk. Skinny girl but with such strong hands and fingers! She seems to be knowledgeable about what she does. I will be back to see her in less than a month!This branch is clean and most of the staff seem friendly. I can't remember the name of the girl at the front desk. She is nice but very business-like, does not have that cozy/friendly/welcoming type of personality.
4	Nathan is my favorite for massage & Nicole for facials.This is not a spa or an all day experience, this is a massage. You get there, you sign in, you wait hopefully not long, and you get down to business!There has been a lot of turnover at the front desk AND I was totally getting sick of filling out the same paper every time I checked in, but this last time they finally got it right!
2	We've had a membership at this location since they opened a few years ago. We've always been happy with the massages and service. However, there must have been a management change. There has been a lot of turn over in employees. You have to reserve appointments a couple weeks in advance. When you request someone you don't always get who you request. Their best employees have moved on. That speaks volumes!
5	I give Damien, my masseuse 5 stars!! He works out all my sore spots and shows me stretches I can do at home. He's heavy handed just the way I like I suggest anyone who likes a lot of pressure or deep tissue massages to see him! Now for the front desk staff I give them 2 stars since they're not very friendly. They just look like they don't want to be there.
5	As with any massage most of the positive surrounds the masseuse. Stacey is great but always booked. Daniele is better and she isn't always booked. She is by far one of the best I have ever experienced.
2	I've been to this location 3 times and it's just ok.  Their atmosphere is cold and bland.  If they have a relaxation room, I've never seen it.  When you get a facial, they don't have the little half robes available.  Seems like the owners must be trying to watch their pennies, but it leaves the customer feeling like everything is below par.  Their massage therapists seemed like they were all new and they did an ok job, but I felt "unfinished" when it was all done.  Have you ever scheduled a 90 minute massage and you were ready for it to be over before your time was up?  I never thought I would say that, but at this location that was the case.
4	After reflexology didn't help getting the kink outta my neck/shoulders, I HAD to Yelp another massage place. I called the Rainbow and (this) Blue Diamond locations right at 8am when they opened. The Rainbow location was booked for the day; thankfully, the Blue Diamond one had an opening at 11am. I went 15 minutes prior to my appt so, I could fill out paperwork about my problem areas and such. The front desk people were very friendly.My masseuse was David and he specialized in sports injuries. I was a little hesitiant about having a male masseuse but, tried not to let that bother me. He was very friendly and wanted me to tell him exactly what hurt/felt good when he hit it.My hour massage went by quickly as we talked about various things. It was quite pleasant. He was very strong and informative about the muscles in my body, especially that of my shoulders as that was where my kink was. Even after my massage, he gave me recommendations on how to handle my kink should I get it again and how to take care of it prior to massages.All-in-all, a great experience and my kink was gone =)I didnt' get the yearly membership but, my first time fee was $49. Can't go wrong with that!
2	I was here yesterday for a 90 min treatment and it was rather disappointing.. my therapist lacks the techniques that could have made me feel better and ease my neck and back pain.. my areas of concerns were even discussed before the treatment and sadly it was not addressed. I would have walked out but I couldn't think of a polite way to tell her to stop. Anyway, cymphonie, the shift manager went above and beyond to turn this experience from a nightmare to a pleasant one.. thanks to her! I am coming back today and hopefully this experience would be a relaxing and delightful one!
5	I have been coming to this location since they opened their doors. I started off with random masseuses than I found the best! Avery!!!! I am reluctant to tell you about him because it is hard enough to be able to getIn to see him. He knows how to work my muscles, melt away my pain and make me feel incredibly comfortable. The atmosphere is so relaxing, the front staff is knowledgable and have great personalities! I am so thankful I moved locations from Marks to Blue Diamond!
2	My hubby set up a surprise appointment here for my birthday.  I knew this was one of those "you get what you pay for" kind of places once I walked in. Not exactly a relaxing atmosphere. The receptionists were bleh at best. The therapist called for me and took me to a room (similar to a dr exam room) and gave me my disrobing instructions. When she returned she asked if there were any areas that needed extra attention so I told her. In all honesty, she really wasn't very good. No extra attention was given to my problem areas and she had a very bland personality. Almost as if I were bothering her. After the session, I was escorted back to the receptionist who proceeded to give me a 15 minute sales pitch. I had told her that this was just a birthday gift but she didn't listen and proceeded with the pitch. Happy birthday to me right? All I wanted was a nice, relaxing massage. Not even close to what I actually got!
4	I've been a member with ME for over a year now and have enjoyed this location out of all the ones I've visited.Usually they can accommodate same day appointments but in the weekend they can book up really fast. I've never had a bad massage and I experienced several different therapists.
1	I am reviewing the service that Massage Envy, in general has. So, I have 7 hours of unused accumulated massage hours that I have not used. About 2 months ago, the card that they have saved in my account was changed due to fraudulent transactions. My bad, I forgot to call them and update the card and NEITHER did they call to tell me. As you can see I have 7 unused hours to use which means getting massages has not been my priority the past few months. I called to schedule an appointment. They told me that unless I give them my card number and charge me the past 2 months, I would have to pay the regular $99.99/hour rate when I come in. And mind you my contract with them was over mid last year. They have not been proactively calling me to tell me that I have that many hours banked. I should be aware but they could have called to remind too and yet they were happily charging my card.
5	I've been to several massage envy locations and this is by far my favorite. I actually drive past several to go to this specific one. The staff is the best and I have finally found the massage therapist for me. The location is always clean (big for me) and the staff is always helpful.
5	Staff at this massage envy were amazing! If you are going to pick a place to get your stressed relieved this is the place!Clean, professional, always feel 100% when I leave!
1	Whatever you do, dont join the membership plan.  Lets say your card gets hacked and you have to change accounts. They will send you a bill for more. Terribly irresponsible management. Horrible customer service when theres a problem. I got charged for services not rendered. That amounts to theft in my book. Too bad the management sucks so bad here. I really wish i could give a zero star review. As someone else said in their review, very used car lot attitude from management. Very relaxing my ass!
5	Cost isn't much better than Groupon but if your at this location you gotta request ivy.  The best massage therapist alive and I've had hundreds if not thousands work on me.  She's worth the price.  She's booked out months in advance so plan now!!!
2	Ok, I've been a member of massage Envy for a few months now and have tried different locations and different technicians, and what I found out is that they mostly hire new grads from massage schools and not very experienced ones. Also, they call you back at the exact  time of your appointment or even later, which I think it's totally unprofessional, cause by the time they start the massage you are at least 10 minutes into your "60 minute" session. They also cut you short for "dressing time" at the end, so you never get 1 full hour no matter what. They do a good job massaging my back, but the rest it's like no more than lotion rubbing, which I can do at home. Definitely gonna look for a new place that offers memberships as soon my contract is over. I also had a the worst facial ever at Envy. First, I asked for someone experienced and when I got there, this girl didn't look past 19 years old. The girl was expressing my face without the steamer on, so it was painful and I had scars on my face for a while. That was due to a quick power outrage, which I was never reimbursed for. She just kept going without the steamer and it sucked! I was never offered different types of facial or told what was going to be done to my face. I think they do the same "cookie cutter" treatment for everyone. Overall, you get what you pay for.
2	I recived a gift card from a member as I have several times in the past. It was good for a free 1 hour massage but since I wasn't a member they made me pay an additional $50 which was rather disappointing.  I had used the this type of gift card in the past without having to paying additional. I would rather go to massage one or element where their non-member rate is the same as massage envys member rate! :/Be careful they will now charge you for canceling and require a credit card to hold the appt. This was my last time using this company.
