4	I have a problem.  I'm addicted to foot massages, or rather, what comes along with the foot massages.  (Thank goodness the Big F has the same problem.)  The growing trend in Southern California and Vegas are these foot massage places that leave you feeling oh-so good without taking your clothes off.For $28, you get 45 minutes of your body getting worked on.  On this occasion, Tan had my feet sitting in a hot water bath as he worked on my shoulders, head, and neck.  At this point, I really could care less if he got to my feet.  But after spending a few minutes on my arms, he reclines my chair back as he gets working on my feet.  In our semi-private room, the Big F is seated next to me in his own reclining chair having May work on his tired feet as well.  He later comments that she did such a great job digging into his feet, he really enjoyed her handiwork.Other prices include:$38 for 60 minutes$48 for 75 minutes$55 for 90 minutesThey do take credit cards, but I think their credit card machine was acting up when we went. So bring cash just in case.  At the end of your session, they ask you to fill out a little survey rating how they did, which I think is a great idea.  Hey, everyone needs a little feedback, right?  Anyway, looks like this one could be one of our favorites in Vegas!
4	Bf and I wanted a 45-minute foot massage. As soon as we walked in, they directed us into one of the semi-private rooms, not even asking what service we wanted. They didn't even discuss prices or packages. I didn't really pay attention to what time we went in. I think it was something like 740 on a Sunday night. They got started right away. They turn the lights off completely and recline your seat completely and the place is transformed into a shady rub-n-tug. They set up a tub of warm water with a tea bag in and set your feet in. It was the absolute perfect temperature. It was like, right between warm and hot. They pull up the plastic lining from the tub around your calves to contain the heat and warm your calves. Nice touch. Its the small things. As your feet steep, they begin promptly on your upper body. When they started the massage, Bf's massage girl asked "How long?" and we asked of the 45-minute deal. I think they worked on head, face, neck, shoulders, and upper back for about half of the time.  Then they dumped the water and did the foot and calf massage with a lavender cream. I was thinking, "Wow, they do every thing short of upper body." And then they had me turn around and sit on the hassock and he did my back! Unbe-frickin-lievable. So worth more than the $28 per person. Shoot, you can keep the happy ending. The massage wasn't like ... Western. Like, you know how Swedish massages are in really controlled, serene, almost sterile environments? This was still serene, but the massage was so much more vigorous. Like, no time wasted. On our way out, I asked our massage peoples' names. I had Jason and Bf had Rosa. They were obviously American nicknames because our crude American tongues can't pronounce their delicate Chinese names. But dude. They couldn't say their American names. Anyways. Jason was super. When he was doing my back, he was really trying to turn me into hamburger. It was like nauseatingly painful. But in such a good way. You need to get your money's worth, man! My suggestions. Make sure you shave your legs good, for the ladies, at least up to your knee caps. Don't wear a short skirt. Don't have funky balogna feet. Wear slippers to and from. If you want them to rub your ears, don't wear earrings. I took out the metal from my lobes, but left in the cartilage hardware and I was okay. In fact, you might want to take off any jewelry. p.s. The rub-n-tug was not offered to my bf. But if you go into one of those places, you really need to decide first hand if you're gonna get the happy ending and stick to your guns. Chinese very persuasive. * off the strip, non-casino
4	The othe reviewer Teri covers the prices good.  My girlfriend and I came here in October, 2008.  We were a little nervous about going there since it is like going to a restaurant nobody you know has been to.  Anyways, we walked in and was met by some younger man.  We looked at the time / cost chart and decided on the hour (should have picked the max).  I got Jason who was very nice and my other half got his lady partner.  We had our little two chair semi-private room and were asked to remove our shoes, socks and I think to pull our pants up to around your knees.  They came back with hot tubs of water and placed our feet in it.  Kind of hot for me but acceptable.  They wrapped some plastic around the tub / our legs to keep them warm and then starting massaging our middle to upper backs while reclining.  They even did my ears; scalp; some facial areas; neck and shoulders.  I KNOW I heard some light snoring next to me (guess who).  Anyways after about 15 - 20 minutes; they remove your feet and dry them off; get some lotion and start working your feet; then the calves and they were feeling good.  After maybe 15 - 20 minutes; they have you sit up; turn around and sit on the ottoman that your feet were lying on.  They then work on your shoulders and upper back again for the remaining time.  My times are probably off since I am writing this a few months after the massage.  Jason did receive a few calls during the massage but talked very briefly and quietly then eventually turned it off which I appreciated.  He was very nice and professional.  I highly recommend this place and it is not some sleeze joint.  I just wish I could have these massages 24 hours a day . . . they are so good.  When done, we went to pay and gave them a credit card.  Like the other reviewer said; the machine did not seem to take my card or thought it was not valid.  Jason and the lady looked worried like they were not going to get paid but I brought good old AMERICAN dollars in case this happened.  After pulling out the cash; they did not look so worried and we gave them $20 tip total.  If you are not too sure about going; just go and relax; you will enjoy it.  Nice place; quiet with soft music and dim lights in your area.  I felt good and withed we did the max time!  Go for it!
4	I had been telling a friend of mine about foot massages & she had never had one.  We met up here & they started as we wanted the 1 hour.  These women are strong!  No disappointment @ all, modern nice decor, clean so for $38 it's a well hidden deal that will ensure optimum health!!!
4	After our disastrous experience at a new foot massage place up the road, we decided to return to a place that we both liked before, hoping it wasn't a fluke.Sunday afternoon and it was a tad busy.  They asked if we could wait five minutes and we took a seat.  The first things I noticed was how dark it was, creating a more relaxed atmosphere than other places.  As other employees were finishing up, they came out to the front and greeted us.  Their hushed tones added to the quietness of this place, and we both appreciated how friendly everyone was.  And they asked if we wanted anything to drink before our treatments.We were seated shortly in our semi-private room for two.  They brought out a hot herbal bath for our feet to soak in and came around behind us to start working.  (Yay - no wasted time here!)  As they start working on our neck and shoulders, they ask how long we would like.  We tell them we want 45 minutes, and they do try to persuade us for the 60 minute one, but we're okay right now.  For the next 15-20 minutes, the girls are working on our head, face, and neck.  My girl (Rosa) was scratching my scalp like no tomorrow and it was definitely getting me in the zone.  Aww...this is the perfect way to start - head first as your feet soak and then move down your body!When they come around to the front of us, they push our shoulders and arms for a bit before taking our feet out of the bath.  They also push your seat back so it reclines entirely.  After my feet are dried, she quickly dumps out the hot water bath and returns to get working.  She rubs some sort of ointment on my right foot before wrapping it up and then starts working on my left foot.  I am super relaxed now and I can hear the Husband breathing steadily next to me.  (Yes, he has fallen asleep, this is definitely a good sign!  May was working on him.)  I can feel myself wanting to fall asleep too because I am feeling pretty good.  Eventually, I do zone in and out of sleep, but just for a second.    They do move to my right foot eventually and I'm practically sleeping, so it all feels good.  After the massage, they wipe your calves and feet down with a hot towel.  They then roll down your pants legs and push on your legs and thighs a bit.  You sense the closing movements of your massage and are sad to know the time has come.  And they also offer us something to drink afterward instead of waiting around for a tip (like a few other places).They do a good job here, it's thorough and professional and there really are no complaints. (I would complain more about the other guests who talk very loudly because they are inconsiderate and do not realize we can hear everything of their conversation.  So please hush your voices when you enter!)  Also, when our girls did speak to each other, it was in hushed tones as well.They are busy and had a steady stream of customers coming in and out, which can be distracting.  The Husband says he prefers to go late at night when there's less foot traffic, and I will have to agree.They do accept VISA or MasterCard, but their credit card machine runs very slowly and is a bit of pain.  So, they prefer cash if possible.  They also have you sign your name in after the treatment as to keep track of their clients, which we find quite professional.We'll return here often, recommend others here, and probably go for the 60 minute one the next time we come.$28 for 45 minutes$38 for 60 minutes$48 for 75 minutes$55 for 90 minutes
5	OH MYNote to self - get one of these when you first come to vegas to get rid of all the crap you brought with...and another at the end to fix what you broke in vegasWe did the hour, don't think we could have managed more.  They will work ya over - think putty.  Not for the wimpy that is for sure, but oh so worth it
1	Did not really get a great experience. The rooms were not as private as you want them to be. You can hear people walking around the whole freaking time. How can you relax when people are coming in and out and talking loudly. The reflexology was alright but the arms and back massage hurt. I do not think they knew what they were doing. I know it is cheap but you get what you pay for. Some yelpers gave it 5 stars, are you kidding me?! I do not comprehend. Next time, save a little more money and go to a real spa.
5	Just like Jules Winfield in pulp fiction these cats got their foot massage technique down. They are the foot f@n masters they have their technique down don't be tickling or nothin. This is a must visit each trip to Vegas. We usually hit them up late 1-2 am just after happy hour at the naked fish. One hour of foot bliss then off to the crap tables for more fun. Truly an oasis in the desert and only 38 bucks can't be beat!
4	Ridiculous! So good. I wasn't expecting a head, neck and shoulder rub while my feet soaked. Semi private rooms are clean and comfortable. I'll be back.
3	My boyfriend and I went there for a massage, my lady wasn't bad, except she was on her phone quite the bit and seeing the bright light when you're trying to relax is a little disturbing! Then at the end of it when I asked for change she wasn't very cooperative because I asked for ones,  then the other lady had the audacity to tell me that when people tip on an hour massage they usually tip $10!First of all I'm NOT required to give you anything, and you're lucky I work for tips myself, but in my 15 years of working for tips have I ever solicited a tip, yet alone designated a dollar amount! She's lucky I didn't turn around and walk out and leave them nothing! Sad part is I was going to leave $8 which I think is good for a $32 massage considering I've had better!
