4	My sister had to come here for a minor operation, and the doctors and nurses were comforting and they were able to bring my sister to an easy state of mind before the operation.  She is very afraid of needles and the doctor worked with her and she was able to perform all of her tasks without any problems.  I liked how clean the rooms were and the nurses were very prompt.  If I have to visit any hospital for anything, I would choose this one.  Lets hope I don't have to worry about that though!
1	I have to disagree with these other reviews.  Presbyterian is a joke.  Unfortunately our primary care physician is right around the corner, and affiliated with Presbyterian as well, and so any time they want to order up something that they can't handle in the office, guess where they send us?To make matters worse, the place is always full (or overfull), always understaffed, and always incapable of handling anything.  The emergency department is horrid, but to make matters worse, it's better than being admitted.In one of the worst cases of mismanagement ever, what should have been a simple examination - passed from our regular doctor - ended up being at least 12 hours in the emergency room while we waited for a regular room, then several days (yes days) in the hospital itself while they proceeded to run a whopping one test per day.  That's right - one test per day!The test would usually be run in mid-morning, and the results would come back mid-afternoon, at which point they would try and find someone to interpret the test results, which could take until after dinner, and by the time that happened, it would be night time, and then another test would be ordered for the next day.  It was simply pathetic.Whatever you do, do not go to the emergency room at Presbyterian.
3	Not a Trauma Hospital, Go to CMC Main for REAL emergencies. I had to go to Presby for some testing. Nice people, nice volunteers, nice front entrance staff to help you find your way. Better than trying to find your way by yourself.Like I said, if you have a true medical emergency and you have a preference, go to CMC Main. BUT if you have to come for testing, Presby is pretty good. Like a Yelp 3 Star rating--A-OK.
5	This review only concerns the birthing center (maternity ward), where our daughter was recently born.The facility is top notch.  The delivery rooms feel like a cross between hotel and hospital rooms, and are designed to be comfortable if you have a really long labor (fortunately, my wife's labor was really brief).When the baby's born and all the delivery stuff os out of the way, they move the mother and partner (if they're sticking around) to a post birth room, which is even more comfortable and less clinical.The room service food is pretty decent, and if you go down to the cafeteria, the food can be downright delicious, and is actually a pretty good bargain.I really can't imagine having been treated better or having had a better facility than we had at Presby.  I know my wife feels the same.  Big shout out to Ashley, our nurse during the 12 hours between checking in and the birth.  She was outstanding.  And a big set of props to Dr. Morris, whose professionalism was matched only by his dry humor.If you're in Charlotte, and you have a baby on the way, I do believe Presby is the way to go.
4	Had to take my mom in for an out patient surgery the other week.  Everything went well and the people are so friendly.  I did notice that the surgical waiting room was jam packed (due to construction)... but it's nice since the front desk of the waiting room keeps tabs on you and takes your cell phone number down so that you receive updates on your loved one.  When the procedure starts, when it ends, and they organize a conference room that you can meet the surgeon in after everything is said and done with.  You also have to wait for your loved one to wake up in recovery... and they keep you updated on their status as well.I should preface that I volunteered at this hospital during my high school years and achieved over 400+ hours of volunteering hours [when i thought I wanted to go to medical school].  The hospital itself hasn't really changed too much as far as layout (from what I remember)... just face lifts in certain areas here and there.The neatest thing is that they play a lullaby over the PA system every time a baby is born.  After hearing the tune more than a dozen times during my short time in the hospital it kind of gives one hope about the future and all that is going on around you.
4	my wife just had a baby here and the maternity was great everyone was very nice and seemed like the actually cared. there was constantly someone checking on our status and making sure we where comfortable. the food was not bad for hospital food but being there for 4 days made it just uneatable by the 4th day. all the nurses are amazing and the doctors and lactitioners are also amazing. will deff have my other children here if that comes up
4	We have had our son here many time in the Orthopedic hospital for surgeries so my review is purely based on the experiences as a parents in with pediatrics.First the Orthopedic Hospital Surgical part. check ins are usually very quick. the patient holding area is fairly nice and each room does have a TV to keep you occupied while waiting. There is usually a steady entering of people coming to discuss your procedure and answer questions so write them down before you get here, because if you are like me it quickly escapes your memory when they ask if you have any questions. The waiting room is very large and has regular size chairs as well as a few small benches. If you have other small children accompanying you then this bench is great for sleepy children. the lounge area has 2 tables with chairs if you would want a table for eating or computer. also one table has a few electrical outlets for recharging your cell battery or computer laptop.  They have a free machine that can make different kinds of coffee, hot tea and even hot chocolate. There is also a TV in this area.The bathrooms are very large but are single file type so gotta wait if in use.the cafeteria downstairs is renovated and I am sorry that I cant tell you about the food there because it closes at 2pm! after lunch SO if your procedure is scheduled around lunch time then people who are allowed to eat should keep this in mind!ALSO keep in mind parents that if you are being admitted to HEMBY you may want to move your car from the orthopedic hospital parking deck to the main hospital during the time your child is in surgery. I get lost trying to maze my way through the hospital so I have to walk around the outside. And if you are by yourself at the hospital then you will be walking with your child to their room.the recovery room is typical, except that the pediatric "cubbies" are right next to the automatic door which is very loud when people come in and out.NOW onto the main hospital:We have usually always been admitted to HEMBY, which has its own elevator near the parking garage entrance to the hospital, take note that the entrance to the cafeteria is also near here.Hemby is a very nice place, there is a lot for your kids to do if able, playroom, birds to look at in there little glass houses. the rooms are typically adorned with a DVD player and movies are available to borrow. a fridge and microwave in some rooms too. which is great if you have a small one you cant leave.Now on this visit we were actually in the NEW Hemby overflow which is accessed by the B elevator located directly behind receptionist in main lobby. These rooms are large and have the sleeper sofa, but down fall is no fridge or microwave. but there is a TV of course with a vcr/dvd player. The food service person will visit you on the next food serving time and get your order for the next meals. The menu they give you is the one you will be making choices from for you stay. There is a lot to choose from. and as a parent I enjoyed that I didn't have to leave my child to go hunt food.the nurses have been awesome and respectful of listening to my instructions for how to care for my son. They are helpful to make sure his pain is under control and get whatever I need. FOOD Room served: not so bad! let me say that condiments help a great deal and this hospital uses mainly Kraft products (BBQ sauce, dressings, mayo) in the cafeteria you can get hot sauce, tartar sauce, creamers (flavored). of course salt and pepper.the mac and cheese is surprisingly great! just a little salt and pepper! The salads are filling. the chicken fingers remind me of Arby's breading. The flank steak with baked potato was edible, a little dry on the meat but hey it was free. The baked herbed chicken breast was also a little dry but very good. Breakfast was the best I think, I had eggs, bacon, sausage and grits. Cafeteria- salad bar is paid for by WEIGHT so keep that in mind. they now have sushi available, fruits, pastries and the hot section is per item unless you get the special. (like bacon is 49 cents a slice!). burgers are OK, i usually hit it with some of the seasoning salt used for the fries. which are great when first made. They have pizza, soups and sandwiches and this place opens late hours also. Gift shop has a lot to offer, snacks, headache meds, stomach meds, chap-stick. perfume, flowers, nice gifts, books, magazines. and extremely helpful staff.ATM is located on the first floor but the cafeteria and gift shop do take credit/debit cards so if your card is NOT signed be prepared to show ID, it is their policy! So if you should be admitted to the children's sections of the hospital I hope you a speeding recovery and a pleasant experience like I have received many times.
4	Nice, quiet, clean, pretty.  My daughter gave birth to my grandson here.  I stayed during the duration.  What a great experience from this perspective! The nurse and doctor were wonderful.  I felt at ease by their presence.  It was not easy seeing my daughter like this.  The result is more that I could have imagined.  If you get hungry and have time to eat, the cafeteria had very good choices.
1	HORRIBLE HOSPITAL!!!!!!!!!!!Checked my mother in for a cough via Emergency room. DR wanted to keep her overnight and staff told us a room was available. SEVEN HOURS LATER they took her up to a room....finally ER stopped waiting on someone to transport her and took her up to the room on her own....THE WORST SERVICE IMAGINABLE FOR A A HEALTH CARE PROVIDER!
5	Maternity ward is awesome. Hospitals are never a pleasant stay but I'm at the hospital now almost time for labor but before i go i wanted everyone to know i loveeeee it here. My nurse April is a sweet and attentive.  I love her. Maternity and labor is a tough unit and this is just as clean as ever! My daughter will be here soon...fingers crossed everything goes well. Lol thank god this hospital is clean and trustworthy! Chaos till baby comes lol.
2	My dad had a mild heart attack & was transferred from Presby-Huntersville to Presby-main. On a late Thursday morning he was transferred to a rather busy cardiac care department. It was established early that morning that he would need a heart cath & possibly a stint. From 10:30 AM to 6:00 PM, we waited in the small observation room. The nurses were not as pleasant as they were at Presby-Huntersville. The doctor who performed the cath/stint was very nice, however. We were very displeased in the wait time for the cath. The nurses didn't do a very good job keeping us informed of the wait time/delay.The patient rooms are spacious & the facility was clean.The cafeteria is very nice & the food was really good. The staff there were very friendly & helpful.
4	The mrs worked here for many years. While I never had the misfortune of being a patient here, my wife enjoyed her career as a nurse here and thought the drs and staff where awesome.  They even have live music playing in the lobby sometimes.
4	We did a work tour here for my job so this review is strictly for my cafeteria experience.Wow. This is not your typical hospital food! They have food stations everywhere! Everything from burgers and fries, salad bar and sandwiches to pizza and even sushi! I mean, really?!?! I know what you are thinking, hospitals are notoriously known for having crappy food but not here! This food was awesome! I had a grilled chicken breast sandwich. It was wonderful, very flavorful and tender! All my coworkers had something different and I didn't hear any complaints! They are currently doing a remodel to the kitchen and bringing in new items so I'm definitely looking forward to that! Oh the cafeteria is on the same floor as the maternity ward and they play a lullaby every time a baby is born....how sweet is that!
4	My first complaint is that the parking for the Emergency Room (sorry, they call it "Emergency Department") is on the opposite side of the hospital, over by the main entrance. At the moment, that road is torn up by the lovely folks in the City of Charlotte, so you'll want to go -clockwise- around the hospital after you arrive at the ER thinking there will be parking nearby. But while the main entrance is on the opposite side from the ER, the signage through the ground floor hallways between them is excellent.Inside, there was what seemed like a very long wait to be in pain but when you're not bleeding or in immediate danger after your triage, even if you've been brought in by ambulance, then you're still going to wait for the more serious patients. That's okay in hindsight, but it still sucks to be hurting and waiting an hour for a bed in the ER.The staff that helped us was excellent. Attentive and not condescending, they explained what they were doing, what was going to happen and (more or less) how long things were going to take.And there's a free wireless guest network so that you can Google everything they say to confirm!While it was a good experience, I sure hope not to go back.
2	We were here to support our sister/daughter during the birth of her twin boys. The babies had to stay in the NICU and the nurses were very nice and helpful.However, the last thing you want to worry about during this joyous time is paying for parking. When leaving the garage in two separate cars, the first car paid the fee for the one behind and let the parking garage operator know. Despite this, the guy still had the gall to charge the second car again.  Ridiculous!During a time like this, we shouldn't be upset about getting ripped off. Very unfortunate that this employee ruined our opinion of an otherwise wonderful hospital.
5	This review is for the maternity ward specifically.I have had 2 children here and it was such an awesome experience both times.  Dr. Morris is the best OB/GYN, hands down.  He delivered our first daughter and even when he wasn't able to deliver our second, he made sure we were comfortable with the other doctor on staff that night (she was also from his practice, Providence Women's Care).Every nurse we encountered in labor and delivery, the aftercare maternity ward, and the nursery was just amazing.  They even have lactation consultants that come through after you have your baby to answer any questions and to make sure breastfeeding is going well.The hospital food is much better than most and they offer a lot of different options.The labor and delivery rooms and the post birth rooms are so great.  They have everything you need which is very helpful if you forgot something in your rush to the hospital.Overall, I highly recommend this hospital and Novant Health as a whole.
