2	I didn't realize that ''Complete Petmart'' was now a PetCo.  I was looking for the hours for the Huntersville store online yesterday & noticed this new location.  I shop at PetCo often since, of the chain stores, they have the best selection of aquarium fish & supplies.  I was thrilled to see there was a new one so close to home--about time the Univ/Northlake area get one.  So we pile in the dog-mobile and head over today to check'em out.  Ummmmm......THIS is PETCO?  As in the national retailer synonymous with vast selections of everything animal-related under one roof???  This store is S-M-A-L-L  small.   I've seen larger pet stores in Manhattan (where smallish stores are normal).  This small-store concept would work much better downtown Charlotte or Midtown/Metro.  But in the 'burbs?  Just doesn't cut it.-- AQUARIUMS/FISH/ETC:Fuggettaboutit!   ''Excuse me sir, when will  your aquatic dept be up 'n running?''  ''We aren't gonna have fish at this store; it's something they're doing in all their small-concept-stores'''.   .... innnteresting.  No supplies either.  The only aquatic life they carry are feeder goldfish.  So if you have a large fish that eats small fish for lunch/treats, then you're in luck.  Otherwise, keep it moving.  Don't let the wall of empty tanks with backgrounds taped to the front of them fool ya.  They won't be utilized (at least that's the plan at this point).  -- DOGS/CATS/FURRY FRIENDS:Slim selection of dog food brands other than those such as Science Diet and one's that can be found at places like Target (ie: PurinaOne).  It was slim pickings on some of the slightly lesser-known (yet no less ridiculously expensive) brands like we use--Royal Canin--and others such as IAMS.   I never pay attention to the cat section since I don't have one, but that selection appeared to be comparable.Also, it appeared that a selection of merchandise for ''critters'' such as hamsters was non-existent.  Don't take me to the bank on that though.  Also another section I typically bypass altogether.-- TOYS/BEDS/ACCESSORIES:I will say that they shined in this area.  We were surprised at the selection of toys, treats, leashes, harnesses, etc.   They even had a few things here that I hadn't seen at the larger stores.  If you're in the mood to pick up your ''child'' a new toy or a tasty new rawhide after work one day, then this is a good option, especially if you want to avoid the ''big box'' lines.Oh, and I was able to nab two mini "_______ for dummies'' books - first aid for dogs for dummies and pet stain removal for dummies for only a buck each.  So they made two dollars off me today.  A banner sales day I'm sure!All-in-all I'm very disappointed in this location.  It's entirely too small & cramped (a ''department'' consists of only 1-3 aisles).  The selection is inadequate.  And most importantly (for me anyway), no aquarium section.  Well ok, they did have a hand full of artificial plants.  So for me, I'll continue to patronize the Huntersville store.  I'll give'em an A for effort though.
4	No longer a Complete Petsmart, but now a Petco. Which is better if you have one of the Petco rewards cards. Sure, it seems awfully close to the one at Concord Mills, but sometimes - race week, holiday season - you don't want to mess with the crowds around the mall. It's very convenient if you want to pick up some dog food after a run into Trader Joes. The store is about half the size of the one by Concord Mills, but contains most of your daily needs - food, bath wipes, collars, toys and of course the treat bar! Now I have no excuse not to keep a bag of treats for my puppies.The store staff is friendly & helpful, offering to carry my dog food out to the car. As always I appreciate the offer, but really need the exercise.
2	On the hunt for a new dog bed for Milo, I decided to check in here (since I was just at Trader Joe's a few stores down). As others noted, it used to be another pet store altogether.  Unfortunately, this store could have been re-purposed for something else. Nod to Daniel B.'s remarks.When I walked in, there were no customers, at all. There were three employees milling about, & looked shocked when I walked in - like they were surprised someone was walking through the door. It's very crampt feeling in there, product is everywhere, just crammed into that small retail space.The pet beds weren't anything to get excited about. They all looked very cheap; however, they had a huge price tag. After a quick scan, I got out of that store quickly & knew in my mind I won't be back.
