1	Since I joined Yelp I feel like I often use it to vent about negative service experiences, and I really wish I didn't feel I had to. But it never ceases to amaze me, though it SHOULD, just how often I feel let down when I'm just out paying for a nice time that poor service or food or both ruins. Obviously there ARE great times to be had and some folks are getting it really right, but choosing a place to go is becoming more and more tricky...I used to be so proud of the dining scene in Leith. Now I've had bad experiences in the majority of places there, I'm feeling really disheartened and sorry for visitors who choose to visit this part of town - thank god it's still pretty, because the restaurants are losing their attraction....We just wanted pasta, wine, something fast, no dishes to wash, bottle of wine. We went to Giulianos because Italians are hard to come by in Leith and at 9pm Cafe Domenicos was closed and we had terrible Pizza Express last time. We know it's old fashioned in every way at Giulianos but just wanted a quick feed, couldn't be that bad?!...When we entered the bar girl literally pointed her thumb and indicated with her neck to go through to the next room. 2 times. Didn't speak a word to us. The dining room had 3 tables of 8 or so people and we were sat at a 2 right at the entrance, by the bar, with all the menus. For 15 full minutes without so much of an eyeball. One server was chatting that whole time with some leaving guests at the door and the other was joining in while chatting also to the bar person. They ignored us as we got up to look around for them, and when we decided to just leave and walked past them all, they actually said 'goodbye', knowing full well we had not been served and ignoring any opportunity to apologise. It was totally disgusting and just made us mad.Why the heck would these people not want our custom and our money?? Never again. Another place bites the dust...
4	Feels genuinely Italian, with very good food. Service is also Italian, very friendly and laid back - don't expect a fast food experience. Not a place for a quick pizza as much as a place for a prolonged dinner with friends.
