4	So far, so good.  Kilwins opened up about a month ago and I just got to check it out after walking by it a few times.First off, it smells delicious which you would expect from a place with so much fudge, candied apples and truffles. What caught my attention was the marzipans which even though no one can understand why, is really my favorite thing ever (alongside with coffee, lemon and sparkling water). The marzipan was not bad, European style, and only 95 cents a piece. I also tried a lot of their fudges and they were great although I'm not a fudge connoisseur. The truffles were good too.  They also have ice cream which I didn't try, but for ice cream I would really just walk down to Chocolate Shoppe.
5	As a native Michigander who grew up eating Kilwins fudge, I was super excited to see that Kilwins had expanded (to several states, but especially) to Madison. It's just such a great place. Between coffee drinks, ice cream, truffles, caramel apples, and of course the varieties of fudge, this place is a sugar lover's dream.  My husband had never been to a Kilwins, so we overindulged a bit and tried a few different kinds of fudge, a rice krispie treat, and the hot chocolate -- all were fresh and delicious.  Personal recommendation? Try the salted caramel fudge. So. Good.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Overall, this is just a really nice addition to State Street, and I hope they stay there for a long time.
2	This is only reviewing their ice cream.  Maybe that's unfair.  I was on the Square and had a hankering, so I started down towards the Chocolate Shoppe (Zanzibar is my all-time favorite), but I got lazy and stopped in here instead.  I will say that the chocolate ice cream I got was perfectly fine.  For $4+, however, I should have walked a little farther.  So the Meh.  I've experienced better rating (2 stars) fits this to a tee.
5	Owner is honest and friendly. Store is clean. Treats are fantastic. Good luck walking by, smelling the desserts and not walking in.
5	My first visit here was a hit.  The first impression was that the two guys making the caramel apples made a production out of it.  They know that the windows and counter are set up for people to view them as art.  There is a wide selection of chocolate and ice cream to pick from.  There is some seating, but we were taking our dessert to go.My friend and I both got one of the giant peanut butter cups.  Instead of peanut butter inside, it is peanut butter fudge, and a lot of it.  It was a huge chunk of peanut butter fudge surrounded by a thin layer of chocolate, a decadent dessert.  It was wonderful.  I would absolutely come here again.
5	YUM YUM YUM if you haven't been here yet PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE get their coconut/chocolate/caramel covered apple....seriously. It's like the samoa girl scout cookies in wrapped around an apple. Also all the fudge samples you want ;) muahaha
5	Kilwins rocks.  The ice cream is excellent and their caramel apples are great too.  I would strongly encourage you to give them a try if you are in downtown Madison looking for a fix to a sweet tooth.
5	Umm..please stop reading my review and go to Kilwins for some salted caramel ice cream.  It is really the best ice cream I've ever had. EVER. Perfectly salted swirls of caramel, little chocolate cups and creamy vanilla ice cream.  I also just overloaded on fudge samples and admired their gorgeous chocolates but had to stick with one dessert considering I was already stuffed from dinner.  Apparently Kilwins is from Michigan, which makes me feel a little guilty that I'm not buying Wisconsin, but its so good I don't care!
5	Kid in a candy store! Talk about thrilling! Name your favorite treat and they have it! The staff is very friendly and they offer samples as soon as you enter the door. There is a large glass case with dipped apples (chocolate, caramel, candies) as well as a separate glass case housing truffles, fudge, chocolate covered rice cereal treats, turtles, chocolate covered graham crackers, and chocolate bark.  All of these can also come boxed. Ice cream:  They do have ice cream, although we didn't try any ice cream on this visit. We chose to sample the sea salt caramel fudge (best!) and the coconut fudge.  We bought some fudge and a few truffles to take back to our hotel.  Really fun and relaxing way to round out dinner downtown.  I highly recommend!
4	This place is great and I was debating on whether to give this place a 4 star or 5 star.  Not the fault of Kilwins but I probably gave it a 4 since I'm not too big of a sweets fan (though I indulge here and there).  I needed something to bring my twin toddlers back in Sacramento since I was here for work for about a week.  I heard rave reviews about this place from some coworkers and figured it was a good idea to check it out.  The workers here are very friendly and have a great attitude.  Not a big sweets person myself, I had lots of questions which the girl helping answered with a smile.  She offered me samples of different fudges and even made recommendations on which ones she thought my toddlers would like.  Also, when you buy 2 pieces of fudge you get 1 FREE!  Free is always nice :)  Lastly they boxed them up real nice in the sturdier box when she heard I would be travel back to California.  (Now that's what you call service!)  They also have a wide variety of sweets including ice cream, candy apples, you name it- they got it!  I will definitely be back to pick up more goodies for the kiddos when I am in the area.
4	I'm not surprised a state known for making good cheese can make good ice-cream. That's really all I have to say. This place is local, and it's dairy in a cheese state, and I love cookies and cream. They had AMAZING cookies and cream.
5	OMG the best candy store in Madison the only bad thing about there delicious sweets is the guilt you feel after eating them, but I guaranteed you will enjoy the guilt. Try a little of everything.
4	Sometimes, the Chief of Staff "NEEDS CHOCOLATE."  Sometimes? Well really every day.  So, it's useful to know where the best chocolate is wherever we visit.  I think this may be the best chocolate in town.  It's expensive, but very good quality, wide selection, service, cleanliness, and location.
4	I come for the ice cream. I end up buying half the store.Okay. So KIlwins has nailed the art of enticing people into the shop. I bet half of their customers had no intention of stopping for dessert until they were lucky enough to peer into the glass windows that face out onto State St and expose tray upon tray of freshly dipped and decorated caramel apples and just-crafted chocolates. That's not to mention the ethereal smell of caramel and sugary goodness that wafts itself out onto the sidewalk and connivingly begs you to enter the shop. Wow.Now the caramel apples they serve up are anything but ordinary. I've seen glorious flavors such as a sea salted caramel...apple pie...peanut caramel...uh, one of each please.And aside from the always wonderful chocolates, toffees, and fudges, Kilwins has some mighty fine ice cream. I am admittedly hooked on the Cinnamon Crumb Cake. When you combine hefty doses of both cream and cinnamon and then intersperse crumb cake pieces throughout, you've got a cup of something resembling ice cream, but tasting much more like the best cinnamon roll ever. So preposterously good.Thank you Kilwins for feeding my addiction.
4	Not cheap but wow are is their stuff good. It's nice when you want to treat yourself.
3	The window is your first taste of fudge, nuts and chocolate.  As you pass the giant marble table right up front they were cooking a batch of white fudge, the smell was delicious. The long narrow store welcomes you with a long counter on caramel apples, turtles, chocolate covered everything and then eventually ice cream.We tried the ice cream- cinnamon cake swirl and pumpkin pie.  Tasty, but not amazing.  My 5 year old agreed.... next time we'll probably stick to the chocolate or fudge.  Best part was seeing them pour out the giant cauldron of fudge on the table.
5	Went into this adorable shop for the first time today, and walked away very impressed. Smells amazing. The caramel apples are really the stars of the shop, they are seriously gorgeous. The variety of treats here is astounding, and they also serve hot beverages. A charming young lady helped my friend and I, and offered us samples of ice cream and fudge. She later revealed herself to be the owner, and you can tell she really enjoys being in her shop, and she wants to get to know her customers! The ice cream is good, but not great. Regardless, what people really come here for is the fudge, ect. All in all, the vast selection of delicious indulgences, and the owner's contagious star-power are rapidly establishing this business as Madison's top destination for anything sweet.
4	Oh so yummy. Always have to get me a peanut butter drop when I go. The staff is always friendly. Wish the prices were lower so I could treat the kids more often but I guess it's probably a good thing for my waist line that it isn't.
4	This place is a little gem. I have been going regularly since they first open a couple years back. It is always convenient to stop by from the walk back to campus from the square, or vice versa. And no, there is no way you will miss this place even if you have no clue where on State it is located. As you near the Square, their rich aroma of chocolates and caramel sugar will lead your way in no time. They have every type and combination of candy you can possibly be craving for. And their chocolate comes in every size (think huge easter bunny chocolates, and I mean huge). I like their truffles, especially malt, hazelnut and coffee. Usually I am not a coffee fan but with truffles it is a different story altogether. Oreo barks are another of my favorites -- rich creamy white chocolate with oreo crumbles evenly mixed in. There is no way you will miss their huge range of apples. There is an entire shelf of them the moment you walk in, and they come in so many different colors and varieties. Being the traditional me the classic caramel apples are still my fav. When you walk all the way to the end of the store you will be greeted by the ice cream bar with over 15 flavors of ice-cream. They are very generous with the samples, ensuring you get what you love.I cut a star because I find their fudge is way too sweet for me. And I could sense that the moment I tried a sample piece, which is just a bite-size piece to try before you buy. That is just me though, if you have a sweet tooth, the fudge might be for you.One thing I really like is that Kilwins does not set a minimum weight limit on your purchase. Which means you can get as much or as little of candy. This is great cos on certain days, if you just feel like having a bite of peppermint bark, or one chocolate truffle, you can always stop in and feel every bit welcome.
4	I love this place. I'm not the biggest fan of fudge, and to be honest, I think some of their fudges are a little too sweet (like the turtle). However, I think their other products are DELICIOUS. Their ice cream is super creamy and not too sweet. The cookie dough ice cream is my fave because there are a ton of big chunks of buttery cookie dough. The cookies n cream is also rich in oreos, and the raspberry sorbet is very refreshing. I love their caramel apples, and their lemonade is delicious. You can see them squeeze out the lemon and blend in the sugar, so it's definitely fresh.
5	This shop is a true gem. I had a cup of the New Orleans pecan praline ice cream after trying multiple flavors. It was hard to decide! All were so creamy and decadent, not even a tad of iciness that you might expect with some of he less popular flavors at other retailers.  The crunchiness of the pralines scream freshness.  Their toppings are scant, but their ice cream needs no additions, 'it's perfect just the way it is.'The decor scream old fashioned ice cream shop and the staff share in the enthusiasm, excited to share the delicious treats with you, and even get your thoughts on some new sundae ideas.A definite must if you're an ice cream fan!
5	I want to live in Madison just so I can stop in every week (and look through the window every day). The sea salt Carmel apple is killer. The chocolates are incredible. I didn't have the fudge, but my husband loved his peanut butter slice (like ate till it hurt loved).Highly recommend.
5	This was my first stop in Madison when I went to the Wiscon convention in May. I was drawn into the store because of the caramel apples in the window. I live in New Orleans, and we don't have them in our candy stores, but I grew up in Michigan, and the caramel apple I bought brought me back to my childhood. I thought the caramel apple was a little pricey, but I have no idea how much they normally cost, and in the end it was worth it. I sat at a table outside and enjoyed the heck out of that thing. Overall, it was the service that rates a five-star review. The staff was super friendly, and they were troopers at providing me with an iced tea, even though it wasn't on the menu.
5	I've only had the Rice Krispie covered in caramel and chocolate, but it was soooo good! Amazing caramel! Wish I lived here so I could try EVERYTHING.Update: my first trip was so good that I went back TWICE over the next two days. I got the marshmallow covered in caramel and chocolate, and it was diviiiiiiine! I also got some maple walnut fudge and the original turtle fudge to take home, and they are both delicious!! I wish I had gotten a pound of each because they're nearly gone already!! A must-stop place for anyone with even the slightest sweet tooth.
5	Fudge heaven! Those warm summer days in Madison and this place....wow. Beyond words. We will for sure go back here when we are in madison again.
4	Great place to get anything for your sweet tooth- especially when seeing a show at the Overture center.You can get chocolate of all kinds!!!Icecream!!It's a place to fulfill your inner Willy Wonka!!
5	This place is amazing!!! They have awesome employees and a fantastic owner..! Super honest ppl that provide excellent costumer service... Oh and the product that they sell is just flat out addicting... Absolutely love the Caramel Apples I always get the one with a bunch of Caramel and dark chocolate, the badger paws are to die for... Oh oh and the pecan rice crispy it just out of this world... Definitely worth the trip... Yummy!!!
5	You can't go wrong with a candy apple or fudge purchase.  The best customer service too.
