1	If I could do 0 stars I would. Where do I start? It's annoying to field invasive, "personal" questions when I come in for a quick bank transaction. "Where do you work?" Is the most common question I've been asked when I have had to step inside. Since the same question happens every time, I know their effort at making this a "personal" banking experience is fake and forced,  which is even more annoying. I cashed a sizable check, well tried, a few months back, and the sum of money was not large enough where I thought it warranted a return trip. They said they had to get the funds and they'd hold the check and I was to come back 2 days later. Ok? So I returned and the teller looked at my account like none of this was obvious,  my visit was a complete surprise, and he processed the transaction like it was a WITHDRAWAL not cashing a check. Wtf? Also, they had to give me about half the money in 20's because they ran out of 100's. How does a bank run out of 100's? I was especially annoyed because this was after I gave them a two day headstart so I could even get the money in the first place. Also, I found the teller asking questions about how/where my check came from to be too prying and quite frankly, give me my damn money and stop asking questions about things that aren't your business. A month ago I went in to close my account. The manager of course came out to play the good guy, and talk me out of it. When he asked me why I was leaving, I tried to be polite and cite my recent marriage as the reason,  but of course being Midworst Bank,  they have to keep plowing away with questions. So, I finally, and bluntly,  told him exactly why I was leaving,  describing everything I mentioned above, and their severe lack of mobile banking.  He had the gall to make a joke out of my being upset with getting $700 in twenties. Nice. I was told they would close my account and that was that. NOT. The never ending banking experience continues! I received a statement for my account which I thought closed! So I called and no one was able to help me, because they are so mismanaged and disorganized, nothing is achievable in one transaction or even one phone call. The girl asked me which manager helped me, "soandso or soandso?" I don't know/remember,  this was a month ago, do you people not keep records? We finally figured out the manager who helped me but of course he was out on lunch so I had to wait an hour and a half before he called me back. You know what he said? This, being the manager of the bank I left after I told him how awful their banking structure is. He said HE FORGOT to close my account. After he made another joke that was inappropriate and ill-timed. How do you forget to do your job? Too many hour and a half lunches, I guess. And the most lol-worthy moment: "I see you have a credit of $0.78. Normally when we close accounts we ask you to pick up the funds but since this is a special exception, I can mail you a check for it instead."I'm sure he forgot to mail the check, as I have yet to receive anything, but at least I avoided wasting anymore time in that circus.
5	Such a great bank. I like this place and I'm going to stay for a long time. Hope more people join. I have a loan and two business accounts with this place. ASU students get free checking accounts. Besides that there are many different account types, personal and business, to fit your custom needs. The branch manager,  Michael, goes above and beyond for his clients. The tellers and personal bankers are all really nice and helpful.  The bank inside and out is beautiful.  Feels like a high scale hotel and not your run of the mill bank, very high quality. Even though it's a nice looking bank I stay because of the service. Top notch in every sense of the word.  I've had bank accounts at several different banks and this is by far the best.  They do things the right way.  I always get fast immediate service and all the staff remember you. You're not just a number. I like the fact that they're open 7 days a week and from 7am-7pm (sat and sun are shorter hours). I also like that they're privately owned. Maybe the reason for their differences from other banks.
