4	I went to La Matraca with my friends who are from Mexico. They told me that this was the way Mexican food is in Mexico and I was NOT disappointed! I was delicious and not expensive. It is a fast-food kind of place, so not a very fancy place, but it was perfect for a casual dining experience!
5	Best Mexican restaurant BY FAR I have tried in Montreal. The tacos taste exactly like they do in Mexico, the salsa is delicious, the tortillas couldn't be better, they also have some mexican sodas and candies. The service is also very good. Simply amazing!
4	The place isn't fancy, but there's nothing fancy about tacos anyways.. and that's exactly what you want. Tortilla, meat, cheese, hot sauce and the proper eating position so that you don't need to be breaking out a Tide-to-go stick in the middle of a taqueria. Prices are reasonable, so it'll be easy for you to try at least a few items on the menu.
5	My partner and I went to La Matraca on a Saturday afternoon, and the food and service were amazing. Mind you, the place was pretty dead when we got there and slowly picked up for the dinner rush. I ordered the marinated pork tacos, as they state that they are known for their tacos, and boy oh boy! As a die-hard Mexican food snob, I'm happy to say that La Matraca is authentic, delicious, and well priced. Quite easily, the best tacos in Montreal. Forget the imitators, for real tacos, this is the place to beat!
5	The most authentic Mexican place in town. Hands down. You won't find valet, table cloths, D-D waitresses, or champagne here. Instead, you will find some very authentic mexican tacos with good queso, pasztor, and all other goodies. Drinks are simple. You get your standard Mexican Jumex, Jarritos, and other Mexican drinks as well as some Mexican beers. Food is great. All tacos are awesome. Pasztor is properly done. La Gringa deserves special mention. La Matraca sandwich is mind-blowing. Especially combined with one of their 3 signature sauces (which I literally spooned). Their terrace is not bad, however it is facing busy St. Denis. Good for watching your car not to get a ticket. Bad to relax. Oh, and they should definitely throw out those disgustingly uncomfortable wooden terrace chairs. All in all - great mexican food, cheap, and authentic. I understand it is hard for Mexicans to get to Montreal (2 borders to cross is much harder than 1). Finally some arrived ;-)
5	If you're looking for authentic Mexican food at a great price, this is the place! Awesome.
3	Nice Mexican food, I liked it. Reasonable price. They say they want to be as close as possible to a Mexican taqueria, so there are no chips with guac or salsa, which are not traditional Mexican. The ambiance is very casual; would be nice if it were just a bit fancier. Service was pretty good. They charged us too much at first but my husband noticed so they recomputed and gave us the correct amount of change afterwards.
3	La Matraca is a good place casual place to grab some Mexican soft shell tacos for lunch or dinner.  With higher quality and authentic ingredients, you're also going to pay a bit more than a standard fast food taco spot.  4 medium sized tacos and a beer will set you back in the neighborhood of $16.On my trips to La Matraca I stick to the carnitas tacos with cheese and haven't been disappointed.  The variety of salsas served with the meal add some great flavors to the meal.If you're looking for tortilla chips, nachos, salsa, or guacamole, you've come to the wrong place.  La Matraca takes pride in their authenticity.The waitstaff is helpful and kind.  Be sure to calculate your bill and ask for a printed receipt.  I've had an issue a couple of time where they were $5-7 off on my order.  It's enough of an annoyance that I bumped them down from 4 to 3 stars.  Even with that issue, if  I'm in the mood for taco, La Matraca is the place in the neighborhood to get my fix.
5	Authentic Mexican street foot in a thoroughly unpretentious atmosphere. The sauces are lovely, although the wooden spoons in the salsa jars are a health code violation waiting to happen (See Checkpoint Charlie's circa 2003). That said, the food is wonderful. Great service.
1	The guy kept us waiting by the door for more than 10min, just to clean a table for two people... on a half-empty restaurant.We inquired about the status of the table in French. He didn't even looked at us. Tried again in English later... same... tried Spanish; nada. He just totally ignored us.We ended up going somewhere else for pasta. Bummer, since I really wanted to try this place :-(
4	I was really happy as I realized that this restaurant actually served real tacos al pastor!! I've been here a few times and have tried a few things and everything tastes like Mexico. While I've never had any problems with the service some of my friends, to whom I recommended this restaurant to, have and that disappointed me a bit.
5	Having grown up in Southern California, I'm a bit of a Mexican food snob, to put it lightly. I had been trying to find good, "authentic" Mexican food in Montreal during the three years I've been living here, with little luck, until I finally found La Metraca while wandering along St. Denis. I began to get my hopes up after reading the menu (which was actually in Spanish!), and the food did not disappoint! Absolutely delicious tacos, and I'm dying to go back.The service was a bit slow, but the terrace outside was packed with people. Still gets my 5 stars. This place definitely deserves a higher yelp rating than it currently has.
4	Su-per De-lish-ish! I went to this place with some friends with no expectations and was really happy! I really don't know much about Mexican food so my descriptions are for the lay-men to this cuisine... they make this little tacos and mine had chorizo in it - how can you go wrong?! Also, I got horchata which I had only known about because vampire weekend makes catchy songs and it was also very good - think eggnog for the vegan (it is actually a rice-based milk drink with cinnamon and things!). Anyway, I will definitely go back!! The tacos are supah cheap and it is the type of restaurant where you can say "give me one of everything!" and actually afford it!
4	Delicious tacos. I got the pineapple one, waited around 7-8 mins. I was not full but it's not what they a promising I guess.Tacos + hibiscus drink = around $15. I would go there for special occasions because for that price you can easily have a good dinner somewhere else. But again this is street food, more of a tasting and enjoying spot than. Getting full.
3	Reasonably-priced a la carte Mexican.  Decent little terrace.  Weak selection of vegetarian.  Be prepared for a massive dose of cheese.
5	The most authentic tacos and tortas I've had in Montreal! If you have a craving for delicious Mexican food at reasonable prices, this is the place to come. Does not compare with all Those Tex-Mex restaurants wanna be!
4	You have to assume this place is authentic Mexican when everyone in the restaurant is Mexican except yourself. The food is great, the service is friendly and the ambience is inviting. This is definitely a spot I will visit again. The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is simply because there is absolutely no English in the restaurant which is typically ok because I have a good understanding of French however, when I asked the waiter and waitress to explain a few ingredients to me they had a lot of trouble. Another knock would be that when I ordered 2 different styles of tacos, they tasted very similar and finally they do not accept credit cards. Other than that I have to say the place is great and I also think that the sauces that they give are amazing. I will be back!
5	Their tacos and tortas are exactly what you could eat in Mexico. The staff is very nice and courteous and  the place is nice too. I particularly liked the posters explaining the proper taco etiquette.Good place to practice your Spanish too.
4	If you want to tried the closes thing to Mexican tacos, this is the place. They have some of the typical tacos you'd find in a place in mexico. The horchata water hit the spot too, its a thing to tried. We tried tortas too,  (Mexican sandwich) and it deserve an opportunity too.I gave them 4 stars just because they didn't accept card, all must to be in cash. But the service is very good and the decoration is nice too.
1	I had SUCH high hopes for this place. Just moved here from the states and so far have not found good, authentic Mexican food in Montreal. La Matraca was suggested to me so I tried it out. No salsa? No chips and salsa? And the tacos were sub-par. All the flavors were off and the quality of the beef was poor- fatty and chewy.
