4	I went to Le's Nails last summer when I decided to get acrylics.  Since then, I've recieved so many compliments on my nails that I've never had any desire to go anywhere else.  In that same vein, it also means that I can't compare it to other salons, so take this for what it's worth.On Le's pricing list, my nails are "Full Set Pink & White."  They gave me an option of what shade pink I wanted, and I chose the darkest.  This means that my nail beds are a rose-ish shade of pink, with bright white tips.  I also get a gel coat every time I get them filled, so they stay nice and shiny.I have been asked while paying for meals, on the light rail, and by students at school where I get my nails done.  I get compliments on them on a weekly basis.  The truth is that, although I've always been very pleased with Le's quality, it makes me wonder about the quality of other salons.  I choose to pay for acrylic nails so that they are gorgeous 24/7 - and they are.  Maybe I'm spoiled.I've also been impressed with Le's customer service.  When I got the original set, the guy did a good job on quality but left them far too long.  I got home that night and couldn't use my hands for anything; texting was a nightmare.  When I went back the next day, they took off some of the extra length and filed them again for free.  Another time, I was short on cash and couldn't afford a fill but really needed to get my nails cleaned, and a proper cleaning requires their tiny little drills.  The girl did that for free, too.  I think it helps that I'm loyal to that salon.  They see me in there every two weeks and are willing to help when I ask nicely.TIP: Acrylics require MAINTENANCE.  Must get filled every 2 weeks or they look terrible.  I also use Vitamin E oil every night to keep the cuticles from drying out, and lotion on my hands.  This is especially important after fills, since the filling process dries everything out.  Back fills are more expensive than a brand new set, but generally preferable since it avoids the painful process of removal.  And to those who might be considering acrylics, don't kid yourself; they will destroy your natural nails.  This destruction can be limited to the short-term by getting the nails professionally removed; ripping them off at home risks permanent damage to the nail-bed.The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because they don't speak very good English, and communication is often difficult.  That's fine if you're okay with not getting chatty while you're there.  :-)
1	I once waited here for 40 minutes because they told me they would be able to give me an eyebrow wax. Every 10 minutes they told me it would be only "5 more minutes." When I had realized how long I had been waiting, I just got up and left. Their waxer wasn't even there.The started to do this a second time I went, but we were wise to their game. We left after 10 minutes because the waxer was doing nails for three customers AT THE SAME TIME.
1	Awful place. For starters their chairs are so un-comfortable. They are so old and the massage part that I'm sure worked at one point sticks into your back. Next I got a 5 min leg massage which was more like a 10 year old rubbing lotion on you. I paid the $4 to have them callus my feet (which werent that bad to begin with) and had to ask them to redo after they moved on to the part. They don't push down your cuticles so when they go to put color on there is a jagged line. Bottom line.... I could have done a much better with the stuff I have in my cabinets. Don't go here no matter how cheap, you still dont get your money worth
4	I had a pretty good experience here. I did go right when they opened on a Sunday (Super Bowl Sunday actually). The lady that greeted me was so sweet. She saw that I was cold, so she put a towel over my shoulders and closed the front door and gave me a bottle of water. I did have to wait for the gal that does the acrylics to arrive and was told it would only be 5 minutes. She showed up about 15 minutes later, but it was ok, I wasn't in a big hurry. Gave me a chance to check my FB for a few minutes. I wish I would have asked the gal who did my nails what her name was. She was so sweet and very easy to talk to. She did a fantastic job. I didn't feel rushed even though  people kept arriving and it started getting busy. I will definitely go back but by the sounds of all the other bad reviews I read for them, I'll make sure I don't go during the busy times.
3	Walked in on a Saturday. It was busy but I got in right away. I started with a pedicure. They immediately handed me a bottled water, which was nice. I noticed that the chairs weren't very comfortable, they don't have any electrical massage features like other salons I have been to. The pedicure was nice and I didn't feel rushed. After my pedicure I got a manicure, which was nice and relaxing.All in all it was a nice experience, the only thing that bothered me was after I left I noticed he had left some of my old polish on my hands.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!! If you like nice looking nails I would stay as far away from this place as possible. I got a backfill and it looks like a toddler did them!! My nails are all uneven and weird shapes. I had to ask the guy (ken) several times to file and shape them and they still look horrible!! Maybe this was his first back fill ever, but that doesn't fix my nails!!!  I have never been this disappointed with my nails in my life!! STAY AWAY!!' You've been warned.
4	I've been a regular here for several years.Maybe it's because I am a recognized face, maybe it's because I always tip well - but I don't wait for service - EVER.That said...maybe it's because I am "known" here - the massage chairs have always worked for me - and I have been in all of them at some point or another. I usually get a pedicure and brow wax - and have been happy with the results almost every time.On the couple of occasions I've received a less than stellar pedi, I've gone back within the next couple days and they make it right. (Whether it's better cuticle trimming, more thorough callous removal or a new paint job.) I can't ask for much more than that!
1	I just moved to the area and needed a new salon. Don't go here though! WORST pedi ever! The woman stabbed me with the cuticle tool no less than 10 times, made my toes bleed, and then poured alcohol on my toes while they were still bleeding!! Are you serious?!?! No apology either. Then, when asked why I wasn't leaving a tip, I asked her if she was there during my pedi. I love getting this done, and I always tip well because I know what it's like to live on tips, but I don't feel bad about this and I'll NEVER be back. Don't go!
