1	This is one of the worst cups of coffee I've ever had. Not only was the coffee three dollars for 16 ounces, it was acidic, cold, and from a pump machine brewed who knows when. The shop offered nothing but coffee - and limited varieties at that. I would honestly be surprised if this place was in business six months from now.
5	Another great start-up coffee shop! Not that they make coffee like they're beginners- the coffee is perfect and the barista performed nicely. The interior borders on a bit boring, but maybe its just because its so clean and original. So, friendly barista and great coffee, what's not to like?
4	I love Constellation Coffee for the following reasons:1. Atmosphere is delightful. Its a really bright & sunny room with hardwood floors. Very minimal & clean. There is also a bar where you can sit & have coffee. There are about 6 tables, and a back room for more quieter meetings or discussions. Also the music Amy choses to play is great! I almost never put headphones in which is nice. A lot of oldies, hip-hop, and other upbeat tunes. 2. Menu - great selection of coffee & tea very reasonable priced! She often has treats from Pittsburgh Pie guys in shop. Coffee beans are from a place in Maryland called Ceremony. Good stuff!3. The owner Amy is very pleasant. She is super friendly. It's also inspiring to see someone so young run a wonderful little shop.
4	Wow, it was very refreshing to walk into this coffee shop this morning. It was a beautiful morning, and I decided to simply walk around the neighborhood and stop in to a new place for a good cup of coffee. This place is unlike any other shop in the city: it's in such a cool unique space right on Penn, and I ironically enjoyed the whiteness and pure minimalistic design of the place. Simply furnished with a few simple tables and a bar in an older store-front (probably an older house), this place is all about the coffee. And it's great. I lived in Central America for almost two years and didn't have coffee this good. The young woman who owns the place - I think her name is Amy - was wonderful and incredibly educated about her coffee. We stood and talked for a few before things started to pick up. And I loved the other patrons that come in here. This is by far the hippest shop in Pittsburgh- frequented by the alternative and very Lawrenceville-y crowd. It was so hip that I felt like I didn't belong; but dammit, I'm coming in again as soon as possible!
5	Constellation is simplicity and quality at its best! The quality of the product and the environment is what I take away as being the point of focus here.  It's a really comfortable spot to sit and have a coffee in or to get work done and not be distracted by other things going on. It's also great for a quick cup on a busy morning for under $2.
5	Constellation is perfect! The shop is bright and welcoming. Simple, but not plain.No-frills coffee menu (all the necessities), pies and small snacks. Amy is so knowledgeable about her products, not to mention a pleasure to sit and chat with. Pick up a bag of Ceremony beans while you're at it. By far my favorite coffee shop in Pittsburgh. 10/10, highly recommend.
5	Underrated. I had a cortado and it was excellent. The minimalist vibe and surrounding art is quite inspiring as well . Definitely recommend a cup of coffee here.
1	The coffee is terrible, I was really hoping this place would be a little gem. Not the case. I love supporting local coffee shops, but my latte was poorly made and tasted like warm milk more than espresso. My girlfriend ordered a cold brew coffee, her experience was the same.
3	This place is so close on everything. The space is cute, but the furniture doesn't quite work. The coffee is good, but not great. I will say the owner is SUPER friendly and nice. I wish her well and hope the shop succeeds.
5	Even the drip stays on your palate like a pourover. If you care about good quality coffee and you arent a simpleton who puts cream and 10 grams of sugar in your coffee, you need to come here.Amy is the most polite and wonderful barista that has ever lived, I am convinced and no matter how many days in a row or hours she works, her attitude is always kind and helpful. If you leave a bad review, it's safe to say that you have no idea how to taste coffee and you should just stick with Starbucks.
5	In my opinion this is one of the best coffee shops in Pittsburgh. I usually get a cappuccino and its consistently excellent. The coffee is also very good. It's quiet and less crowded than other coffee shops in the area, and the staff is always friendly and helpful. I would recommend this coffee shop to anyone in the Lawrenceville area!
4	Constellation Coffee shines brightly among the growing number of places where one can get a stellar soy cappuccino. Nice light space populated with sizable tables; great for spreading out your sky map, or collaborating on the launch of your next big enterprise. The only thing I found to be lacking was variety of pastries or snacks (only one was available). I believe it is written in the stars that I shall return to Constellation again (and that I will continue to make hackneyed jokes for the rest of my uncelestial existence).
5	Lovely shop, kind of new to the coffee scene here (2013), and one of my main haunts. While Espresso a Mano down the street is bustling, Constellation does equally good coffee (which is no small feat) in a quieter, calmer space. Good selection of beans from Ceremony Roasters on Chemex. Super friendly too.
