5	Ten completely open bocce ball courts all for us.  We had scoped out the park last year, so knew they would be freshly renovated - carpeted in astroturf, not crushed shell, but at least we didn't lug our bocce balls on the plane for nothing.  It took us awhile to figure out what a metal hinged flap was for, then realizing it was a handicapped entrance...very appropriate to our game.  A great non-sweaty exercise break from watching sports (volleyball) and bellying up to the buffet.  Also, who would have commissioned all those courts.... wiseguys?  How Vegas!
3	If I rated this park before the massive renovation and name change, I would've given it one star. So, actually, my review is for 3.5 stars. There are so many games here, mostly soccer- it's huge here. It's very crowded so parking can be a challenge but somehow we seem to find one on the St. Louis side of the park. There are dog parks (one for small dogs and large dogs), walking trails, a playground, basketball courts, bocce ball courts, and the uber-popular soccer fields. There are also BBQ grills and areas for large crowds- parties are first come, first served. The dog parks are good and usually very empty. We bring both dogs into the large one and they have the run of the whole place. There's a little tunnel for them to play in, along with a watering tank, and they do their business (we pick it up- there are lots of trash cans all over the park). If we want to walk around, we do two loops around the whole park. The dogs are satisfied and tired, by the time we go home. For some reason, the crowd here is scared of dogs, so they don't bother you to pet them, either.Before the makeover, there were so many homeless people all over, laying down everywhere, pseudo-camping. (I still don't trust sitting on the grass, though, because other dogs will do their business there- you never know.) Now, its' become a busy family-friendly park- a nice boost for the community.
3	This is a massive park with a lot of people when the weather is nice, as it was today. It's clean and well manicured. I will come back, but I'll get there earlier so I can bogart the basketball courts. :-p
4	Percy and I enjoy hanging out at this dog park. He has made several friends, but after our vet visit today, our vet told us to stay away and not even take walks. There is a bad parvo outbreak and this dog park is a hot spot as well as the five mile radius around the park. He said to give it at least two months before going back. Just be aware with your four legged family members.
4	This is my go-to park for a dog park; also a decent place to jog.  The park has two dog parks (large and small dog), and both are fairly nice and usually well-kept.  The park has ample space for picnicking, grilling, and lounging; most Sundays the place is packed all day long!A couple different sets of playground equipment, very nice splash pad - lots of fun for kids.  Softball, soccer, basketball... even bocce! Great neighborhood park; glad we have it.
4	Well this park is cool cause it has everything.  If you like softball or baseball then there's a field for you.  If you like soccer there's a pretty slick field for you with artificial turf.  The goal nets usually aren't there unless you ask for it, seems like they do it so people don't jack it but the soccer field is fenced around so its not like your really chasing for the ball.  If you like basketball there's a court for you.  If you like bocce or horseshoes there's those too. There's also play grounds and  pavilion and BBQ areas. They do keep majority of it clean, minus the bird droppings that were on the same set of tables I've used a few times there. Maybe they have bird dropping problems?  Other than that I like this this park, lots of natural shade and people using it.
