4	Universal Police Supply is a local resource for LEO (law enforcement officers), security guys, etc to get their gear from.  There are online places but UPSco seems to have everything you'd need and they're local and as cheap if not cheaper than most online places.Duty clothes and boots that are good for any rugged job, tactical knives, flashlights, holsters and gear bags - they've got all that stuff and more.They do alterations and tailoring and I'm pretty sure they can do the embroidery and screen printing stuff in-house as well.Good place and the only one locally to get the high quality products and brand names.
3	If you're in law enforcement you likely already know about Universal Police Supply, they've been around for quite some time and have just about everything you could need for your typical shift. Dress shirts, clip on ties, boots, flashlights, all of the standard issue type stuff that you don't need special permission to buy. The prices are completely fair and the staff is very helpful but can be gruelingly slow, that's mostly what the three stars is about. Once they begin helping a customer it's as if the rest of the world has disappeared, wonderful for whoever is being helped, but awful for me, standing in line for twenty six minutes to buy some shoelaces. I wholly support Universal Police Supply and will continue going here as long as my career necessitates it, but don't even think of stopping if you're in a hurry, better to have scuffed boots than be an hour late.
5	Great store for LEO's and other fields such as security.  They have a great selection and pricing is pretty fair. I will use from now on for all my uniform needs.  The only negative thing is that you might have to wait a few minutes.
4	I have dealt with this shop over a couple years now, they have a great selection in stock at all times and have very fair pricing.The only problem I have with them is that the staff over promises on time frames to complete embroidery work in order to get your money.  They then get mad at you when you call a week after a deadline they gave, as if I have no right to ask for specifics on new completion time.   Although they seem to be good people they have no issue with telling non LEO's that their business just isn't that important and will treat you as such once they have your money.So it's worth it to buy and walk out with inventory in hand, just be careful if having custom work done.Update.....After learning of the problems I was having with this custom work Pete became involved and has really speed up the process as well as keep in contact with me about what is happening.I appreciate this and feel that they are making good on their promises to us and deserve a better rating in return.Thank you Pete.Hopefully I can change this to a five star once everything is done.
