3	They have a good selection of clothing, as long as you know which one to go to. See's like each store carries a totally different selection.Only place in AZ right now that carries the "Tattered and Torn" brand
3	Lots of 'life is pain' type people, but friendly. My son wanted to go in there to look around for a shirt. I really liked their level of customer service. The guy that helped us was very friendly and joked around with us. He was suggesting some other shirts for my son and even went to the back to bring out some new stuff that hadn't hit the floor yet because they were all out of the shirt he wanted.
3	This Hot Topic location has a pretty good selection of unique gifts and accessories. They currently have a nice line of Disney jewelry and apparel that isn't so little girlish and I found some great gifts for Christmas here. I also was able to find some nice rock t-shirts for Christmas gifts but I do wish they had more metal selection. Some of the merchandise I was looking for was shoved in a little corner of the store and right when I was going to pick something out of this little corner an associate came over and plopped a ladder directly in front of me. I told him that I needed something from behind the ladder and he didn't even look down at me but just told me it would be a minute. I would have been fine with that but it was the way that he spoke to me that I had a problem with. Note to staff: Be more aware of where your customers are shopping and do not place a ladder directly in front of merchandise, it could not have been that pressing that it had to be done that minute. Customer service comes first. I chose not to purchase that item after that.Any how, the cashier who checked out my purchases was much more friendly and he saved my experience here. He asked me about my selections and had a nice conversation with me about one of the band tee's I had picked out. He also gave me a coupon for a future purchase. Overall, if you are looking for band tee's and other unique niche apparel and jewelry this is a decent place to find it. They do need to work on customer service skills but I will be back in the future.
