4	The pizza without sauce was fantastic. I believe it was the margarita but I honestly don't remember the name. The ingredients were very fresh. We also shared a tortellini salad. I was very surprised that it was a pasta salad and not a veggie salad. It has a poppy seed dressing and is served cold. I would personally add prosciutto or more cheese in the salad, but overall I was impressed. Very creative, and I will try it again. Oh and it has an amazing view of the fountain, but the service was slow and not attentive.
5	An eatery that deserves more praise than there is room or words for.   The atmosphere was quiet even on a busy weekend evening.  The wait staff was attentive and timely.    The food was outstanding.  I personnally had the Seafood Spendour, and it was definitely the best dining experience I have had in quite a while.  The freshly baked rolls were right from the oven and put those from the corporate chain restruants to shame.  Pricing was definitely reasonable.  Will definitely be dining here again.
4	Some of the food here is fantastic such as the Chicken Corfu $14.95 and others like the Gyro I found to be less than good becasue the meat was very dry some parts burnt with the obviously strong taste of fish.  I sent it back and they took it off our bill.  The remainder of the meal which consisted of the Corfu, salads and soup was great and our waitress; the owners daughter promised to address the Gyro with the kitchen.  This restaurant is located at the park in Fountain Hills with unobstructed views of the lake and fountain which erupts every hour spraying water more than 500 feet in the air.  We took a nice walk in the park after dinner which was very relaxing.  Recommended
4	Stopped in to Euro Pizza Cafe a few days ago for lunch with my girlfriend.  Yummy!We started out with mussels and hummus plate for appetizer.  Generous portion sizes, but I can't remember the prices off-hand now.  For entree, we shared a mediterranean pizza--YUM!--topped with spinach, artichoke hearts, sundried tomatoes.  YUMMY!  My son had a kids pepperoni pizza (which was really big, like 10" or 12").  Anyway, really tasty food.  Our total bill was around $40 for 2 of us (and 3-yr-old), which included 2 apps, a 14" pizza, a kids pizza, and an apple juice.  Totally reasonable.Service was ok.  It was a bit busy, so we didn't get much attention.  Also, the greeter had some confusion and it took a while to get sat.  Also, the table was not clean and set.  And after the greeter wiped it down, it was kinda still dirty (enough for me to have to wipe it myself). Will definitely return to Euro Pizza Cafe when we are back at Fountain Park.
4	Wonderful place to enjoy pizza (try the Hero Pizza), calzones, and homemade pita w/Tzatziki sauce. Delicious! The service here is great as well as it's dark and cool to duck out of the 3-digit temps for a bit. Has a "Sporty/Italian" vibe to it.
4	Great gathering place. Plenty of friendly help and the best summer Happy Hour in Fountain Hills.
4	Love sitting outside with nice view of fountain. Food is great and have never been disappointed. Very friendly staff.
4	After eating out in AZ for 6 days I believe this was our favorite meal.   Dr Oz's Veggies with Gyro meat was good and a huge portion.   The classic pizza might be the best pizza we have EVER had.  Kids meals were fine but their fries were spectacular.  Love the view of the fountain.
3	Solid place...not fantastic or anything to write home about......But with the views of the fountain and a nice patio it's your best option for the location right on the park....but there are better places to eat in FH.
3	Euro Pizza is a really nice restaurant serving good food with a wonderful view of the fountain. The menu is a mixture of Italian and Greek food items. We've come here several times and everything has been great and the wait staff is very attentive. We have had most items several times. The scrimp and scallops are good, but the pesto sauce is a little bit heavy. The Pizza is good, as is the eggplant parmigiana.   Our most recent meal for three, without alcohol and tip came to $61 with one desert item.  No bad, and we saw the fountain go off twice.
3	Not a bad find on my recent trip. Great view of the fountain, friendly service. I ordered the Chicken Tortellinni salad. Delicious. The pizza and calzones look pretty good as well.
4	Um, YUM! We got the garden salad - very fresh. We also got the pizza with avocado, olives, etc. VERY good. The dough is soooo yummy and you can tell they just made it. The toppings were perfect. EAT HERE.
4	I would give them five stars but there have been a couple times where the service has not been great (probably high season and new waitstaff) and one time that we got a pizza for pick up that was so disgusting we couldn't even eat it.  It wasn't even cooked.  Other than that this is my absolute favorite place to eat in FH.  You can sit out on the patio and watch the fountain and have a couple cocktails. We bring all our friends and fam visiting here and they always love it. Their breakfast is also SUPER cheap.  It is truly a GREAT place. I wish I could give it five stars but I didn't think it was fair in case anyone is reading this...not perfect or consistent every time....consider yourself warned.
4	Our visit to Scottsdale brought us into Fountain Hills to look for a home. While we were there we decided to look at the beautiful fountain we heard so much about. That's when we happened upon this place. The pizza was fantastic!!! It made us want to move here even more. Delicious!
1	Terrible service. Went here with my family an I ordered a gyro. The pita bread was more like calzone bread, barely any sauce, 2 tomatoes, and disgusting red onion. I asked the waiter to take it off the bill, which he did, but he gave me major attitude. If I had not been with my grandparents I would have probably got in a verbal altertcation with him. But I guess I have to feel bad for the kid, being a waiter in fountain hills. Anyways stay clear of this place.
5	Came here this weekend with my friend and absolutley loved! The place is clean and has nice service.  The View is amazing from here of the famous fountain! What I ordered:Shrimp Pesto QuesadillasShrimp with pesto sauce, onion, tomato, cheese, folded in a 12 inch tortilla, served w/guacamole, sour cream, and salsa.10.50Side of Fries1.99and a Sweet TeaThe food was served fresh, hot, and placed well.  My friend and I took it to go to sit in the park since it was a nice day.  So glad we stopped here it is worth every penny except she treated me so i guess it was worth her every penny haha!
5	This is a nice cafe with a diverse menu. There's indoor or outdoor dining with a view of the famous fountain! I ate here with my friend Connie who also posted! I ordered the Philly cheesesteak which was great! They also gave me a sample of the smokes salmon soup which was very much like it sounds. The service was excellent i was impressed. Will definitely recommend and go again myself.
5	There is something for everyone on the menu. It's more than pizza. The service is great. Get a table on the terrace and you get the view of the park and fountain. I will keep going back.
2	Great patio ambiance but most limp Caesar salad ever & drenched in dressing.  Wings okay but ordered as appetizer 10 minutes before entrees and all arrived at the same time.
4	We really enjoyed our dinner at the Euro Pizza Cafe. We went on a Wednesday night. It was very busy on the patio, but we had no problem getting a table with a perfect view of the Fountain. There was a guitarist and vocalist on the Grapeables patio next door, so we even had some music to add to the ambiance. Our waitress was very nice and accommodating. We started off with the Hummus appetizer and Garlic Knots.The Hummus was awesome. It had a little kick because of the cayenne pepper, but not too much. It was a little thick and gritty, which I can get into sometimes.  It was served with pizza dough that had been grilled and sliced like pita. Incredible. I really can't say enough about how amazing this appetizer was. I highly reccommend it. The garlic knots were delicious as well. The sauce that they serve to dip them in was so good that I could eat it with a spoon, and I don't do that sort of thing!For dinner I got a simple greek salad, which was ok- nothing exciting. I would probably skip the salad next time and get something else off the appetizer menu and really gorge myself.The rest of my party ordered a cheese pizza and really enjoyed it. My mother and husband split an order of meatballs as well, and they raved about how amazing they were. Moist and flavorable.We are excited to go back to the Euro Pizza Cafe soon!
3	After 'Love in the Hills' event on Valentine's Day, my wife and I decided to try and have dinner at Euro Pizza. We got there in time to be seated immediately. We sat more to the front of the restaurant and furthest away from a view of the fountain. So it seem we were in any typical restaurant, nothing special.Our waitress was okay. Told us the special of the day  for Valentines, which I had. My wife started with a glass of wine and I had their Lemonade which wasn't that great. It didn't have that tart or sweetness flavor. My wife had a glass of wine and we ordered our entrees.My wife had the 14" Classic pizza and I had the Valentines Special for $20 which included a salad, 8 oz sirloin steak with aspargus and pilaf plus a choice of desserts. My wifes pizza looked great and she thoroughly enjoyed it. On the other hand, the salad I had was pre-made. You can just tell that it was plated and had Saran wrap over it. It  was still fresh and with the Blue Cheese dressing, it was satisfying. My entree came and it looked pretty good. My steak was covered with brown gravy and the steak was cooked perfectly except it was pretty dense and chewy. I don't know if it was sirloin 'cause it looked like processed meat. The pilaf or gravy was WAY to salty and I just couldn't eat the pilaf. My 4 asparagus was cooked nicely. For dessert, I chose the Pecan Pie which was half the size of a regular slice of pie. I guess you get what you pay for. I don't consider my meal as a Valentine's Special but more like a Senior Special. Our total bill came to $46.If I go back again, I would order their Pizza instead of their dinners because they seem more adapt at making them.
4	Love Euro Pizza.  Their Dr. Oz Veggies are so good.  We've also had pizza which is great too.  They have indoor/outdoor seating which is great.  Also the best view of the fountain on the patio.  When very busy we have had a slight delay in getting served but then have received food very timely.  Would recommend for sure!
2	There are a handful of restaurants right on the park and this is one of them. We were attracted to the outdoor seating on a beautiful day. There is more seating outdoors than in and the inside feels more like a bar, with TVs playing sports. We came around 2:30pm and surprisingly had to wait for a table.Once seated, the staff began service that was quite friendly, but as the meal went on, we got less and less attention and an apathetic attitude. I don't think it was anything we did. Our party of 4 each got entrees and shared an appetizer.I had the chicken wings mild which were quite weak. They make them crunchy here which is something I like but I wish I had gotten the hot ones. Mild just didn't do it for me. The lines for the bathroom were long and there were most certainly non customers using them. There is one bathroom for each gender that is a one-person-at-a-time kind. For a place that is named Euro Pizza, none of us got pizza, which should tell you something...
3	We didn't eat, for the record, so this review is based on the experience of having an afternoon drink on a lovely day. The beer list is pretty short, but the limited choices offer enough variety. The problem was that we were rushed out of there, even though we specifically said that we were only going to have drinks. We were seated at an outdoor table and it was very nice, but if they didn't want us taking up a table outside they should have told us to sit at the bar.
4	First time in Arizona and found this restaurant across from our hotel.  Was very busy on a Saturday night and when we got our dinners we learned why.  Excellent food!  Way more available here than just pizza.  I had Baked Fish w/Avocado lemon sauce and my companions had Eggplant Parmigiana.Wait staff was attentive and pleasant.  I would certainly come back again, often.
4	I enjoyed a nice lunch on a Friday afternoon, ordering a gluten-free Greek salad and a glass of house Cabernet. The salad was very fresh, with lots of nice items, just the right size for lunch,and the salad dressing was really tasty. It came with some small knotted and baked bread on the side that was buttery and was a very nice addition. I don't know what the house wine was, but is was very fruity and crisper than I would expect a house Cabernet to be. It was a nice wine, though. The staff was prompt and courteous and of course dining outside on the patio (under a covered spot) was just awesome, overlooking the Fountain. The price was right for the place for the salad, but I thought  $8 for a glass of house Cab was a bit high.   Dining outside there are unavoidable flies that will buzz around, a minor nuisance, and of course the occasional bird begging and flying low-level through the crowd. All in all quite nice!Update: Went there the next day for brunch, and had two awesome omelettes! I had the Hamburger and Spinach and my wife had the greek omelette (very flavorful)! Two excellent visits!
4	I really do like Euro Pizza.  The first time I had their pizza was next door at Grapeables (another great place).  The Mediterranean pizza is what we usually order from here, however we have ordered the chicken roll and the Greek salad.  So far my only complaint is the menu states the Greek salad is mixed greens but it's really ice burg lettuce (ick).  Every experience at Euro Pizza has been pleasant.  We are greeted by multiple people upon arrival, always seated right away and the view of the Fountain Park is amazing.  The staff is very attentive with refilling your waters / cocktails and the food comes out fairly quick and you always see a familiar face.  .  AND they have a great happy hour!!!
3	Loves, how can a restaurant mess up spaghetti? You start eating it then your like this tastes like spaghettios, and after that you don't want to eat it anymore. I've had pizza here during lunch with a family member which was nice, but my lunch here alone wasn't so nice.The noodles for the spaghetti was over cooked and the sauce was orange and tasteless. I'm not impressed, and I'll only go again for the lunch priced pizza.
4	Came here after playing some disc golf...This place has the best calzones!!!  Their pizza is good also, but gotta go for the calzones!  You really get your monies worth for $8.  Their draft rootbeer is good, but you could taste a bit of a beer aftertaste.  Love the scenery with outdoor seating...looking at the fountain and green landscaping is so relaxing!
3	I have been coming to this restaurant for quite some time and was here on Tuesday of this week. This may very well be my last time eating here. We were seated at a table on the patio and it was, well, quite frankly, filthy. The patio was filthy. It was littered with crumpled up used napkins, straw holders, you name it. The oilcloth tablecloth on our table was so sticky I had to spread a napkin on the table in front of me so that my glass and silverware didn't stick to the tablecloth. Our server, at our request, wiped the table off but it didn't help. As always, the food was good and our server was friendly, but it and, even the view of the fountain, didn't make up for the appalling conditions. They need to buy new tablecloths for all of the outdoor tables and they need to power wash their patio. There is simply no excuse for these conditions. So, Euro Pizza Cafe, it's up to you. BTW, I don't live in Fountain Hills but I have friends who do, and I have spread the word about conditions at this restaurant.
4	I came here on a Friday night around 7:30pm, wasn't too crowded. I ordered the clam linguine and it was delicious, not to mention the generous number of clams in the dish. The white wine sauce was light, yet flavorful. Portion was definitely plentiful, I even had enough for 2 small meals the following day! Service was fantastic. The waitress came by enough to be attentive, but not hovering. It's so rare to see service with a smile and pure genuineness in light conversation.  Prices were fair. Parking is plentiful. Next time I'm around the area, I'll surely stop by!
3	Greek salad is absolutely amazing!!!  We have also tried the spaghetti and meatballs which is excellent. The portion size for one serving is large so come hungry.  The pizza is really made well. Favorites include the Hawaiian and the Mediterranean.  The tortellini is also done very well and the portion size is good for one and won't leave you hungry or hurting.  The calzones are very good too and very large!  They come out very quick. The Caesar salad is one not to miss as a starter. Their dressing is outstanding!  The service is so helpful and friendly and the atmosphere is very cozy Italian. The outdoor seating overlooks the fountain and the indoor seating is comfortable.  If you want to catch sports you can be sure to get a table with a view of their great TVs behind the bar.
4	We recently went to Euro Pizza Cafe for lunch.  I had the special which was a catfish sandwich with fries.  This sandwich was five stars.  We typically order the calzone which is so large we split it.  On nice days sit out side, they have a great patio overlooking the fountain.  This is a nice restaurant with good service and a great location.  We have eaten here many times both for lunch and dinner and the food is consistently good.
5	Came here on a Wednesday during happy hour with 4 other people, greeted by the hostess very and got a table outside like we asked and got drinks very quickly. Our waitress was very good kept out beers/sangrias coming and the food came quickly. I would recommend anyone coming to fountain hills to visit this place!
3	Has gone downhill in terms of food quality and service. Waiter did not know the specials and made repeated mistakes but was not new. The waiter stated that they never had served scallops yet scallops are on the menu. DINING IN FOUNTAIN HILLS SUCKS!
1	First time I've tried this place and it was the worst service experience I've ever had. I ordered spanakopita and an iced tea- 15 mins to get my iced tea and even longer to get my food. When I finally got my food it was cold and gross. Highly disappointed in this place. The manager walked by me numerous times and didn't even bother to inquire why I didn't have my drink yet or my food, other servers were walking by and I could tell by the expression on their face that they knew I was getting bad service. No one bothered. To give you an idea of how long this took, people came in 10 mins after me and ordered an entire pizza ... Got their pizza before I got three slices of spanakopita. WTF?! awful service, awful management, and the food was not good. If only I could give minus stars, then would it be accurate.
2	I gave two for the fountain view , food was horrid, salad wilted lettuce which was brown on edges , waitress recommended Mediterranean grilled vegetables ,added chicken ,dry tasteless broccoliUs yellowed , so disappointed. Service was good ,food horrid again.
3	nice outdoor seating.  tasty sangria.  nice service although the bartender decided to have a discussion with someone when we were ready to settle up and move to a table.  Had the chicken alfredo.  Sauce was very nice but the chicken was so so.  The wife had spagetti and meatballs which was good too.  Worth the visit.  Your kids can play on the grass or playground while you wait for food etc.
5	This is a hidden gem tucked away in shopping center10.0-- great ambience. Recommend outdoor patio with park, playground, and lake with fountain show10.0-- pizza - we ordered a mushroom , black olive, bell pepper pizza. 2nd pizza with pepperoni and Italian sausagePizza was delicious and had leftovers after 6 people sharing 2 pizzas. Very light tasting. Crust was flavorful and crunchy . Great combination Best pizza I have tasted in Phoenix metro area!!!!
3	The view of the fountain is gorgeous, so sitting outside is a must! The food is okay. We ordered iced tea and chicken caprese sandwiches. I had soup as my side. The soup of the day was clam chowder and it was very good. The sandwich was just okay. It came on ciabatta and would have been better on a lighter bread. Go for the view!
1	My folks love this place and took me there for breakfast last weekend.  I must assume that it was just a bad day but the way the handled it tells me I wont go back.We sat for 20 minutes before we finally flagged down a waitress who then told us that though this was not her section (every table around ours was somehow) that she would still help us.We placed our order and 30 minutes later, we got our breakfast...cold, overcooked and tasteless.  Our poached eggs where hard cooked, the omelets dark brown from burn, hollandaise that was tasteless and runny. We voiced our complaints and where told that the kitchen was having a bad day but no form of atonement was offered.  I really don't think we should have had to pay fully for our meal or at least a free drink or something to say "I'm sorry for your crap meal but come back and we will prove we don't completely suck"
4	This is one of our regular places where we go to eat.  It doesn't matter what meal - breakfast, lunch or dinner...it is excellent. I personally love their pasta dishes. Hubby quite likes their pizzas. Either way it is great food consistently any time we have gone. I can honestly say that there hasnt been a bad meal here since we have been going to this restaurant. Love the terrace eating in front of the fountain park. Music from Grapeables sometimes.  An eating establishment that has great food, great ambiance, reasonably priced meals, & friendly staff...what more can one ask for. A favourite place for me to eat out!!
5	Luv this place ! They changed the menu~ miss the Cobb salad. Who would of thought?!? The breakfast is sooo good even though it is an italian restaurant. Great patio over looking the fountain.
5	This place is amazing. We came here for breakfast and sat in the patio. The view of the fountain is great. The mighty veggie omelet is great! Perfect place to catch brunch/breakfast and has reasonable price. Will definitely visit again.
3	When they day 9pm, they mean 9pm. Pizza was a 2 stars - nothing special. Wings were too salty. Beer was the only part that made it worthwhile - dark IPA.
4	Good Italian food. Metro style pizza with lots of options and combinations. Also other Italian food, but I always get one of their fantastic pizzas. Sit out side next to the fountain for ambience.
