5	Who can resist the taste from childhood which sometimes calls to you at 9pm on a random week night? I like it simple: a chocolate or caramel dipped cone.  Yup, That's it.  Nothing fancy.And how can you resist like 1 of the last horsey rides for 25 cents left on earth?  (Yes, it play High-Ho-Silver)  (I'm not sure who gets more joy, me or the child I put on it - or maybe i sorta try to sneak on it)
5	Dairy Queen is the Best!  It really doesn't matter which location you go to the ice cream is the same.  I love it!This location however is one in a million in my eyes.  I had a grooms cake mishap with Let Them Eat Cake and the cake designer at this Dairy Queen location made the BEST cake ever!!  She designed the best kickball ice cream cake in less than 48 hours.  Thank you so much for your awesome customer service!!  Everyone at my rehearsal dinner commented on how great the cake looked.
4	I grew up going to this DQ.  Still love all the flavors it has to offer.  However, they gone a little crazy with the 8, 150 Watt Energy-Efficient lightbulbs in the 10 square feet leading up to the cash registers.  I nearly had a seizure.  I LITERALLY put my hand above my eyes, making a mock visor, to shield my light-sensitive eyes from the intense glare!  The "cherry on top" if you will, was the adolescent employee who was all too moody about defending el sol when asked, "what's goin' on with the lights here"?  Seriously....how could she NOT NOTICE THE BRIGHTNESS OF THOSE LIGHTS?!?!?!?!The cookie dough blizzard was excellent as always!  Minus the glare, it would have been a 5 star eventOH, one more thing.  No joking, we actually whipped out a camera and took a picture of us under the lights as it was all too funny to us!
1	While eating in the restaurant, I saw one of their employees yell at two customers (who looked to me like professional women) and refused to sell them the cake they had picked out.  I called to report this to a manager, and it turns out it was the owner who had thrown them out.  She said they had made a rude comment about her to an employee, but I didn't see that, just her coming out from the back with the cake, refusing to write on it or sell it to them.  She told them she didn't need their business.  Very strange!
1	People here are so mean especially the workers, when me and my boyfriend came here they were making fun of us cos we' re gay. I would never ever come back here anymore.
5	Fabulous service tonight and it was crowded!
3	This place was pretty tasty.  Not the best presentation of food, but it wasn't bad by any means.  I love DQ and I grew up on the ice cream.  Pretty decent experience.
2	You know how I feel about dirty bathrooms - this place gets 2 stars - nothing at this location was basically any better and yet the bathrooms were filthy. You can't mess up ice cream - so enough said. Don't go out of your way for ice cream if this is where you think you want to go.
4	Classic dairy queen. Kids working are always friendly. Everything is always fresh made. You can't really complain about the place. Its been there forever. Could use a little updating.
3	Ugh, I am not a fan of Dairy Queen.  I came here a few nights when I was in AZ because my little sister wanted to go.  This place can be pretty entertaining for people watching, though.  Lots of kids showing up after sports games, and families that should NOT be going to Dairy Queen every night like they are.  Oh, America.
2	The service here was horrible. Homeboy was giving dirty looks and staring off at God knows what the entire time. I guess the kids behind counter were so preoccupied with how long the line was getting, they decided to quickly make my Mint Oreo blizzard crappie. So the outcome was more of your typical Oreo blizzard with random tastes of the mint flavored syrup. Yuck.
1	Ice cream was good. Extremely bad customer service! Made a big deal about giving me an extra to go cup. No offense but I really don't want to have to explain my reasoning behind getting a bigger cup to go. Stupid.
1	Have not been here in such a long time. Went there got such great ice cream. But the service there was horrid. The all seam to hate working there...
4	I really wasn't going to write a review on Dairy Queen but saw all these negative review of the customer service so I thought I should put my 2 cents in on this place. I came here after a long hot day at the park and I was hot and thirsty. I just needed something to cool myself off. So me and my son stopped off at DQ. I was surprised they were so busy on a Saturday at 2pm. Lots of people waiting in line. One thing I did notice is there were 5 guys working the counter. Looked like 3 high school kids and 2 older workers. My son ordered a strawberry smoothy and I just god a normal chocolate dipped vanilla cone. I had one of the high school kids helping me and he really got our order out really fast. I was pretty impressed. I can understand how some people could feel unhappy with service but these are high school kids. Give them a break and enjoy your refreshing ice cream. Everyone's happy once they eat their ice cream. The place seemed clean but I didn't use the restrooms so no comment on that. I had a refreshing cone that cooled me off without any service problems. Enjoy.
1	Listen. I understand that I'm reviewing a Dairy Queen so I shouldn't be expecting much in terms of service. But honestly, I really don't want to go back to this location because of the terrible way the employees deal with customers. I came here on a Friday night in February with my boyfriend. We were getting some ice cream for ourselves and to take to some people back home. The place was busy, yes, but there is no need to have 4 teenage kids working one shift while in reality only two are taking orders and making ice cream.. Anyhow. We first walked in and went to their frozen case to pick up a box of Dilly Bars. I picked one out of the box and walked to the counter so we could complete our order. While holding the box, I realized that there was some sticky sauce on the outside. I didn't even say anything to the employee, I just sat the box on the counter and wiped my hands with a napkin. Before I could place the order, he snatched the box away from me and told me to go get another one. He didn't offer that I could get another, he demanded. Awkwardly, I got another box and ordered an ice cream cone with sprinkles. Before we could tell him what else we wanted, he walked away and came back with the cone. We intended to order three more blizzards, but had to order them one at a time because we couldn't manage to get the order out without the guy rolling his eyes and slumping over to the ice cream machine to make a blizzard. Are you serious? Do you really not need any business? He seemed so annoyed that we kept adding items on to our order, but if he just stayed and listened to the whole thing he wouldn't have created more work for himself! Essentially he just made himself mad and took it out on us.. He even made sighs when we were asking for what we wanted. What a joke. I paid for our ice cream and left. Seriously terrible customer service. Of course the ice cream is good, but it's Dairy Queen so it's pretty universal whether you get it here or across the country. Just a note to the owners, there are a ton of people out there looking for jobs who won't jeopardize your business with poor attitudes. It's not that difficult to serve ice cream and chicken fingers. Come on.
4	Good ole DQ. Still has the Mr Misty Freeze.  Try one. I guess it is now on the secret menu.
1	Went late at night when of course, there was a bit of a line, and there was no surprise when I got home and realized my order was wrong. If the mistake was made because they were just busy but tried to focus then it wouldn't have been so frustrating as mistakes do happen. However they had no idea what was going on and frankly did not seem to care. Charged for a completely different item than ordered and they were just throwing around ingredients giggling and gossiping around the machines. To an 18 year old perhaps this job means nothing but the owner of this location should be worried if they continue to hire just poor employees. Next time I'll drive to the 7th street location if not a completely different establishment.
5	Great atmosphere great ice cream and burgers friendly staff best DQ around looking forward to come back again
