2	We enrolled my son here for the preschool program with the hope to have him learn with some structure to his classroom and expose him to social interaction with his peers. He attended this "school" for the entire  year only so that we did not disrupt his experience. We are so glad to not be returning. The teachers at the school are caring and sweet, but I think the teacher-student ratio is too high for what I am paying for this place. They are not able to give each child adequate attention for this young age. Also, the front desk is extremely unfriendly and one woman in particular has a very sour attitude all the time. My biggest complaint is they are inconsistent with discipline. If my child has a tantrum (common at this age), they are quick to call us to pick him up and do not credit you for the day. However, there is a child in class who has bitten other children several times and the only thing the school does is call both parents ( the biter child and the bitten child) to "document" it for their records. I find this unacceptable! If this is repeated behavior for this bully child and the parents cannot curtail their kid, the child should be expelled or suspended. The school has done very little other than covering their own butt. My child is not having a good experience at your school if he is being bitten every other time he attends class. While I understand kids will be kids, the school cannot be so passive. This is a private school and one child should not be habitually jeopardizing the safety of the others.In addition, their program advertises a structured curriculum, but I did not feel they stuck to this well. My son does not even start and end in the same classroom with the same kids each day, nor does he have the same teacher for the day. They switch off based on their own schedules. How does this create structure for a child?  They claim they will encourage a potty training environment, but I saw no evidence of this all year. In summary, we tried to be patient and to talk to the director about our concerns, but in the end our experience was very disappointing. I definitely do not classify this as a school, more like an overpriced daycare. Would not recommend this place to anyone, unless you are okay gambling with your child's safety and well-being.
5	I am very pleased with this creative kids location on farm road! We shopped around at quite a few places near us and they were by far the best price and comfort wise! Our daughter has been enrolled for 3-4 months and she has grown so much.  She now has full sentences when going in she barely had a handful of words you could understand...it's amazing!! The front desk staff is always sweet and does as much as they can to help with whatever you need...we(my husband and I) love miss holly...she is so caring to our daughter and all the ladies are quick to comfort the kids if they are upset when being dropped off! Overall this daycare is wonderful! :-)
2	Based on first impression of this facility, BAD, VERY BAD!  Started of with my child standing by the exit door as we stood at the counter talking to an employee, when another employee who was leaving literally ran over my child as she was exiting and didn't bother to say sorry or excuse me!  Secondly we were never offered a tour of the entire center.  We were told we could walk around and look around if we wanted to.  When asked to see the class the child would be in, we were told they were napping.  OK well so we are just blindly supposed to send our child or children to a center not seeing the place, not being able to meet the "teacher" or anything?  They pushed us through the registration process, took our money and basically said good bye!  We had to ask about the door code and how to get in.  Apparently they have a finger print system upon entering but we had to wait several days to get that set up rather than complete the entire registration process right then and there.  The director was rather rude and had an I could care less attitude.  First of all ANY perspective new "students" and parents should be given a friendly tour of the ENTIRE facility, not just told you can take a look around if you want to.  We should have been greeted with a smiling face and upbeat personality from any and all staff.  THIS DID NOT HAPPEN!  In fact, the director had her own child in the center and behind the counter.  She was whinny and crying most of the time we were there.  At one point when I laid my credit card on the counter she picked it up!  REALLY?  this kid was roughly 10-ish.  First of all, why is this kid behind the counter and why was she permitted to take my credit card?  When she laid it back down, of course I promptly snatched it back!  Rates were never discussed, rate sheet was never provided (however when we checked out this same center at a different location, they provided one immediately! AND their director was upbeat and pleasant! I would give that center 5 stars based on first impressions) The girls behind the desk that needed to do the math for our registration, had a difficult time, and took forever.  Another thing that was rather unprofessional, the number of employees with facial piercings!  Don't get me wrong, I'm not opposed to them, however in a professional setting, such as this daycare facility I think it is inappropriate.  We never at any time were provided with the credentials of any of the "teachers" at this facility.  Their signs tout that they are Nationally Accredited and whatnot (although that was never mentioned to us while we were there), but we have no proof that the so called teachers are even college graduates, etc. Anyway, unfortunately this locations works for my step daughter and hopefully the experience is better than our first impression.  If not, we will be looking for other options.  First impressions say a lot about this place, and based on first impressions, this place is NOT anywhere near the top of my list.
5	My daughter is 10 and my son is 4 they have been attending Creative Kids since they were 18 months. I love everything about it! The teachers are wonderful. My children have grown and learned so much attending here. I work full time and feel completely comfortable knowing my kids are here being cared for at Creative Kids! Thank you Creative Kids!
2	The director was very dismissive with the concerns I brought to her and her overall attitude is unpleasant and unapproachable. When I picked my child up I would ask the teacher how she did that day and I was always told the same thing. She did great with no or little potty accidents. However, that was not what her preschool teacher reported to CCSD when she was being evaluated for services. I'm glad I took my child out of this school we will not be returning and I recommend looking for other options if considering this school.
5	My children have been attending for years, I wouldn't take them anywhere else! They have learned and grown so much and have made so many friends! I toured so many other preschools before deciding this is the one!
5	My children have been attending for years, I wouldn't take them anywhere else! My daughter is 10 and has been attending since she was 18 months. My son is 4 and has also attended since he was 18 months. We love the teachers and staff. Creative Kids is wonderful!
5	I would recommend Creative Kids to anyone. They are great at what they do and have great rates! My children have been attending for years and I wouldn't take them anywhere else. Thank you Creative Kids!
