5	Waded through thousands of cars in the parking lot today to try this buffet with Mike C.  It's located inside the brand new Talking Stick Resort, a big hotel-casino & golf course which replaced the long-term temporary casino of the same name that was next door in a building that looked like a big tent.As the cars suggest, this place is an instant raving success.  It was just packed with people for it's first day, & it was hard to even get a slot to play in the big new casino after feasting sumptuously at the buffet.The first great thing is that this 5-Star restaurant replaces the 1-Star "Wandering Horse Cafe" that I reviewed a while back over in the tent!  The other great thing is that the food here is fantastic!  Great soup, great salad with lots of different dishes along, as well as premium cold cuts.  Then over at the hot tables there was Asian, American, Mexican & Italian hot cuisine, & then lots & lots of fancy desserts.  I found the food & everything else about this place to be terrific, & even the service was excellent during the first minutes of this big place ever being open.Lunch Buffet $12.50 including drink, & worth it!  Are you in?
5	we have a new 5 star casino Buffet in the valley and it is great!!! Rand H. and myself went there on opening day and the place was pact at about 11:00 am .I started with a great bowl of soup and then I had a plate of salad items. they had this one macaroni salad that was unreal it was so good it had sun dried tomatoes,feta cheese and barbecued shrimp in it yumm!!!! After that i tried the hot food items that were all excellent. Then it was on to my favorite part, dessert.Well they have quite a selection of mouth watering sweets but the one that really got me was this hot caramel cake. It was so good i went back for more even though i was stuffed   YUMM!!!!!!!
5	It's Monday and I am still stuffed...maybe that will resolve itself through the course of the day today...we'll see.I had clients in town yesterday (and they are friends, as well...always nice to do business with friends:) and they wanted to see the new casino at the 101 and Indian Bend and have brunch...all in all, excellent ideas!The casino and resort (which has been under construction since I moved to town) have really turned out nicely (at least the portion that is finished...some of the landscaping, pools, finish work inside...well, about 80% of the resort is done...so they have that going for them:) is really very lovely...2 or 3 giant steps ahead of what I expect from a local casino (we aren't in Vegas, after all!).The important pieces are done...and by important, I mean the pieces that make them money!...the rest of that stuff is just for show.The casino itself is very nice for a local casino...the restaurants are open and going...they actually serve Peet's coffee here (if you are a Bay Area transplant, you'll know what that means:) and the staff is super accommodating!We showed up for brunch on Sunday at 11:30 and there was no wait to get a lovely table near the window so we could look down on the construction of what will become a desert nature walk area (probably kind of "Disney" version of desert and native American life...lots a dirt and concrete right now...should be nice when they get it done:)The dealio seems to be essentially unlimited champagne, bloody mary's, blini's, and mimosa's with brunch...for $25 a head...and given the quality of the food...and the quantity of the food and drink...that's a terrific deal:)We sat there (well, sat and ate, went and refilled, repeated as directed) for 2 and  1/2 hours...the place wasn't busy and it seemed we had our own wait staff making sure that our drinks were never dry and that dirty plates never piled up...in short, assuring us of a wonderful time:)I have sampled a few breakfast buffet brunches around town over the past few years, from the Phoenician to the Fairmont to Eagles Nest to the Wrigley (The Beautiful Carin loves no meal quite so much as a Sunday Champagne Buffet Brunch), and I can tell you that this place measures up in every way...and exceeds many of those much more expensive brunches!* The food is presented so appealingly...on porcelain instead of in steam trays!* Chef's at the ready for any special request (if you don't care for the pizza that is available, they'll make whatever you want...no extra charge:)* Gelato, as well as pastry for your sweet tooth:)* Fresh shucked oysters on the  1/2 shell...on ice...with all the accouterments!* A grill next to the carving station (you want your prime rib with grill marks on it?...no problem:)* You want sushi fresh cut, or a fresh stir-fry for your meal...they whip it up while you wait...wonderful!The buffet is laid out much like the Wynn in Vegas...tucked behind the massive bar and easily accessible, but not in line of sight, so you can enjoy your meal('s)... without all the clanking, cooking, and other things that often accompany a buffet.None of that would matter if the food and drinks were crap...but they aren't crap...in fact, the food and cocktails were terrific!I talked to several of the chefs and told them how really good I thought this place is and they just beamed with pride...they are having a good time and making some good chow and it shows in every bite:)And for me, the bites kept adding up...I didn't find anything that wasn't tasty (and I ate pretty much everything:)The good news is that I was wearing my "eatin pants" so I was ok right up to the time we dropped my clients off at their hotel...then it was all I could do to drive home and drag myself to the couch...moaning...in pleasure (no, food pleasure...I couldn't have done anything else:)Even Carin needed a nap Sunday afternoon (in spite of eating a much "healthier" brunch than I did, with her special request stir-fry and what have you)...those champagnes glasses do add up:)It looks like Sunday has become "Brunch Day" once again, now that a good one is so close...and so reasonably priced!Now I just need to figure out a new workout program that will allow me to deal with the extra 12,000 calories every Sunday:)
5	Lunch - 4 stars ($12.95)Weekend Dinner - 5 stars ($24.95)Sunday Brunch - 5 stars ($26)Three visits, one week.  Hopefully, this is enough to pacify my husband, and we can take a break from the all-you-can-eat concept.  Big open dining room that includes a bar with seating is nice.  I always liked the wall of windows that opens up to additional outdoor seating.  It should be really nice when the view includes more than dirt, and it's not stinkin' hot outside.  We found drink service to be excellent at all three visits, and plates were promptly cleared.  Servers were also very accommodating in providing new utensils upon request.  First visit was lunch.  As far as buffets go, this one has plenty to choose from.  We found Asian, Mexican, Italian, steak, chicken, fish, and pork at the carving station that day, in addition to plenty of salads, cheese, cold cuts, and desserts, including a gelato bar.  There were a few minor issues that need to be resolved.  The steak was not a tender cut of meat, and a few of the dishes were not as hot as they should have been.  Also, some of the items were not labeled.  Yes, I don't need a label on fried chicken, but one on the soup might have been nice.  While I found this to be an above-average lunch buffet, I think for the price I would prefer to just order off a menu.Sunday brunch was the second visit, and worth every penny as the price includes unlimited mimosas, bloody mary's, bellinis, etc.  Although I can't personally vouch that it really is unlimited, I do know I had two and my husband had something more than two, and there was not the ridiculous wait that often comes with "unlimited" drinks.  Buffet had upgraded options from lunch, including oysters, shrimp, prime rib, smoked salmon, and eggs benedict.  Also more selection of cheeses, breads, and fruit.  So much to try that I had to restrict my intake of inexpensive fillers, and focus on the value-added items.Third stop was weekend dinner.  Similar to brunch, minus the breakfast items and champagne.  New York steak was at the carving station and mussels were on the menu that day.  No crab legs, but smoked salmon, oysters, shrimp, and some other fish entrees made an appearance both at the buffet and on my plate.  At all services, the buffet was very clean and plates are available in numerous locations.  My only suggestion would be to include an extra fork with the utensils.  Since there are none at the buffet, you need to ask if you accidentally leave it on an empty plate or you don't want to finish off your key lime pie with mashed potato residue.  Those potatoes by the way, had a ton of butter in them!
5	Hands down the best buffet in Arizona. Seriously!I tried the sirloin, roast beef, shrimp, mussels, mahi, and pork. All were well prepared and fresh. I also saw crab legs, salads, pasta, pizza, and calamari. They have a ridiculously large desert selection too! The atmosphere is very modern and open, with an optional outdoor patio.It helps that this is in the new Talking Stick Resort & Casino, which offers several other upscale restaurants to explore. *Check out the 15th floor bar while you're here.
5	It's been 2 months today since this fantastic new Buffet opened, so I dropped back in for lunch to see how they're doing.  I'm happy to report that, if possible, it may be even better than it was!  Some of the taste treats out for us today were:*  Four great soups, such as Ginger Chicken!*  Delicious Octopus Salad!*  Rasberries!*  Artichokes!*  Orange Duck Drumettes!*  New York Steak, cooked any way you want it!*  Shrimp, fixed MANY different, delicious ways!*  High Quality pizza, with various toppings or ask for what you want.*  Barbecued Asparagus good enough to make a "Veggie" out of you!*  MANY more outrageously good dishes!Finally you walk past all the things were dieing to try but didn't, because you're saving just enough room for dessert, & ...  OMG!!  If this isn't the world's most fantastic dessert bar...  !!The table service is perfect, it's $12.95 now including beverage, & it's the best Buffet in Arizona, period.
5	Just a note that I overheard the manager at WHB tell a customer that when he was training staff, he used Yelp to find out what things employees should not do!  Yay for managers who find value in our reviews!
4	Really likes this place.   Sure its a Casino and I really dont gamble or drink (at all).  But I was meeting a friend that I had not seen in a couple of years with my wife and its at the halfway from where we both live so it made a convenient meeting point.Had a little trouble finding it inside as there are no signs but asking someone proved fortuitous and away we went.We met up, had some tea and hit the buffet.Great food.  I had some Duck, Pasta, Spinach Salad, Prime Rib.  Definitely went off my diet for this one.The place was spotlessly clean and the server super attentive.  The only drawback is that we got a bit rushed out at the end of the lunch hour as they were setting up for dinner.  Hey I hadn't seen my friend in years, lots of catching up to do.  But all in all this is an excellent place for lunch and probably dinner as well if their lunch is any indication.Desserts were great, had a peanut butter pie that was fantastic.  The food fresh and colorful with great flavor and not too many sauces or overdone.  Do yourself the favor and try it out.  Definitely worth the drive.
4	The buffet selections are on par with the Wynn's in Las Vegas or any other casino resort. But what sets this spot apart is their customer service and attention to details. I felt really cater and attend to throughout my dinning experience. The staffs at the buffet seems like they got it down. Five stars for that. Definitely be back when I'm in town again.
1	After reading all the 5 star reviews I was excited to visit the Wandering Horse Buffet.  The place is clean, and the food is nicely displayed and the service is very nice.  Unfortunately the food itself was a different story.  The Chinese food section was on par with Panda Express.  Their fried rice wasn't good either.  The Mexican food didn't look appetizing at all so i skipped it altogether.  The prime rib was tender but flavorless.  Everything looks so fancy, how can it taste so mediocre?  The desserts reminded me of Home Town buffet.  I went on a Wednesday evening so I don't know what they have on weekends, but I didn't see any sushi, crab legs or oysters.  Overall I wouldn't go there again.  for $20 I expect better quality food.  Even Golden Corral is better at half the price.  My favorite buffet is Pacific Seafood Buffet.  Read my review of it to find out why.
5	We went here for dinner last night.  The price was $26/person.. not bad considering there are raw oysters, big shrimp cocktail, sea bass, salmon, duck drumettes, Prime rib, ribs.  It is not the largest spread I've been to like at the Rio in Las Vegas, however, it is not as pricey either.. Surprisingly the stone oven baked pizza was awesome.. they had one with wagyu beef on it that was really good.  Service was extremely attentive, the staff very polite, and the food was consistently being replaced.  In fact, I was reaching for some grilled asparagus when the server behind the counter told me to leave that and he would have some fresh grilled asparagus for me to take instead... This is one of the cleanest buffet's I have ever been to as well.  If all you are looking for is a huge buffet and you don't care about the quality of food this may not be your place, however, I found the selection to be more than sufficient... oh did I mention they have gelato.. really yummy gelato..?  Good buffet, I would recommend.
1	Skip this place for champagne brunch buffet. There are plenty better in this area. The price is too high for the cheap "champagne" and mediocre service. As previously stated by another, getting champagne refills are like "pulling teeth".
4	After consulting the Great and Knowledgeable RAND...my plus one  and I went out to Talking Stick for our bimonthly  Mommy -Daddy Date night . This night's excursion was all about Talking Stick. We wanted to see if it was worth having a stay-cation there. First off Low Carb  heaven here folks!!   If I jump back on the Low Carb band wagon again this will be my Mecca.   Prime Rib, big sweet shrimp, lovely oysters ( actually better than we have had at Durant's and Bandeaux..seriously. ) Loads of fresh salad bar faves, like blue cheese , choice olives, mushrooms, bacon , nuts  etc. They also had a cheese / lox/ fresh fruit area that looked super healthy  , I must tell you the Kobe beef was very delicious and I wish I had had that first instead when I was full.  They also had some uninspiring Asian food and a pizza area..not necessary  for me but I guess somebody would like it. Desserts were good ..not stellar , but pretty tasty,  they had some great gelatos, and cute little Brulees, fruit tartlets, good banana and coconut pies ..THE WORST ...surprise, the   Cheesecake, it was sticky, sweet peanutty..what's up with  that!? the had an interesting fruit bread puddingish  dessert that reminded me of desserts I had in Germany...yum.Service was great , drinks were refilled way before they emptied , good service, nice staff.   We will be back ...In my book 25.00 was worth it. Want to make it 5 stars..give me tender Prime Rib and tastier Desserts.
4	Thanks to yelp found this place while in visiting.My coworkers wanted to try a buffet and this looked like a good place.Located in the Talking Stick hotel and casino.The buffet is around $25 a person.They have several good dishes like the prime rib and the kobe steak, and the shrimp and mussels.They also had pastas, pizza, salad and mexican food.  But the desserts looked amazing, if only I saved room to try it all.Although they may not be as big as some of the Vegas buffets, the quality of the food is above average compared to other buffets.The staff was friend and helpful.A tip to everyone, save some room for dessert.
4	Had the dinner buffet here recently with my wife and kids (under 10 years old).  First off, the dining area is immaculate...very classy indeed.  Second, the service was impeccable...our glasses were always filled and our used plates/bowls always promptly removed. Service was with a smile, not obligatory.With regard to the food, I would say it was a "mixed bag" for me.  I thoroughly enjoyed the savory prime rib, and had two helpings.  I sampled through the other areas and enjoyed the oven baked pizza and mushroom ravioli.  The breads, cheeses and olives were very good, as was the gumbo (add some tabasco) and won ton soup (heavenly).  The asian chicken wings were explosions of flavor, but  mexican style dishes did not seem too appetizing so I skipped them all together.  The shrimp were large and succulent (boiled, they also have the fried variety).  THe desserts were reflective of the buffet in general (some good others so so), but I would have to recommend the gelato (many many varieties).  Overall, I would agree that the buffet is smaller than a good Vegas buffet (Bellagio, Paris, etc.), but the Wandering Horse does many things well, and yes there's room for improvement.  I would eat here again the next time I'm in AZ.
4	Excellent selection, something for everyone. Smoked salmon is great. Pork carving very good, stay away from the prime rib, it was tough. The desert island is heaven.
4	Tons of food! If you can't get your money's worth in shrimp and mimosas alone, you have no business going to a buffet PERIOD.
4	$12.95 lunch buffet (no fresh seafood offered during lunch).  I've been curious about casino buffets, and with a friend visiting w/ Malaysia, I used this as an excuse to try going on the Loop 101N on our mini AZ roadtrip.  Yes:Prime rib (no casino buffet should be without it plus you get an offering of creamy horseradish or the plainer, intense one)Cheese selections (snob appeal to have a cheese course after my main and prior to dessert)Berries & creme anglaise on puff pastry (this was soooo good, I sat here an extra 15 min relishing this with coffee)14 flavors of gelato/sorbet (go ahead, that really nice counter lady will kindly scoop several mini tastes into a platter for you...hehe)AND YES REALLY:Shrimp wonton soup!  I was digging it... but kept quiet cuz really, really?a buffet can make wontons this good?.  Then my Malaysian friend said "this is really good" and I got way too excited for being inside a casino and tripped over to get a second bowl.Though I'm not sure how this place ranks with other casino buffets, this meal has to be an incredible deal when I kept tabs on how much we'd spend on lunch for the remainder of our trip.
4	Probably the best overall dinner buffet in the Phoenix area. New, spacious, clean with attentive table service. Even a nice covered outdoor patio with candles, heat lamps and a view. If you are going to spend $25 for buffet, spend it at Wandering Horse Buffet. Ask for directions to the Buffet entrance, it's easy to miss.
5	I do love a good Sunday brunch and this is one good brunch! Wandering Horse Buffet is located inside the Talking Stick Casino in Scottsdale. Although I am not a big fan of the casino itself, the buffet is both beautiful and delicious. This is the 3rd time we have eaten here and each time is better than the last. Today I sampled the lamb chops, prime rib, American cobe beef, cracked crab legs, cocktail shrimp, chow mien with shrimp and scallops, shrimp won ton soup, smoked salmon and assorted imported cheeses, deli meats and more that I cannot even remember. They also feature freshly made pizzas, salads, and much more. I am not sure how but for desert I sampled fresh house made chocolate chip mint ice cream and creme Brulee with other choices which included pies, cakes, cookies and fruit tarts. Oh, and day drinkers rejoice! Champagne, Mimosas, Skyy bloody Marys or Bellini's are included in the $24.99 pp price and contrary to previous reviews, we were allowed to order our cocktails, all throughout our 2 hour meal, without our server making us feel like the lushes we most certainly are.
4	I went with a party of six prior to a show in the nearby showroom.  It's a great place to go if you are in a hurry.  The buffet food is first rate, especially the steaks, cheeses, shrimp, desserts, and gelato.  The mushroom pasta was fantastic. Even excellent pizza slices.  We'll definitely go back.  The only thing which keeps it from getting five stars is that the $25 price is a bit high and it lacks sushi which I've come to expect at buffets.
5	This buffet is about as good as one can possibly imagine for the price.  We didn't realize it until we got there but this place is located in a casino.  I don't really gamble and usually don't feel at home in casinos outside Vegas but this casino wasn't bad.  It wasn't like the typical smoke filled dungeons you see scattered over Arizona.  Also, beware that the buffet closes between breakfast and lunch.  We unfortunately arrived right before it closed for the change to lunch but the staff was nice enough to let us eat the remainder of breakfast quickly.  They were even nice enough to let us stay through the change and into lunch which I was told would normally be an additional cost.  We were treated like kings and ate like kings too!
2	J and I went for Sunday Morning brunch at Wandering Horse the other Sunday. With all the 5 star reviews, we figured this place would be a hit. In the end, we were disappointed. J definitely was when he was given the total price at the register. Did he have sticker shock? That's putting it lightly! He stated, "For $50+ for the 2 of us, this better be good!" The dining room is very nice and the staff is extremely friendly. After getting our drink order put in, we walked into the food room. Not as much of a selection as I had expected. I'm usually all over some Chinese food, but after looking over the selection, I passed it over. For the section we overall enjoyed the most, it was hands down the Mexican food. Here's a rundown of what we tried and liked/disliked: Sushi - J said they were pretty good for California Rolls. Prime Rib - Very tender. Lacking in flavor though. Thank goodness for the horseradish sauce. Peppered bacon - Very fatty. J said it was more like eating a slice of fatty ham than crispy bacon. French Toast w/ Blueberry sauce - This was a favorite of mine. Green Chili - This was one of our favorite dishes. Paired with the fresh house made tortillas, beans, and rice. Lamb Chops - This was our other favorite dish. Very flavorful and tender. All in all, we felt like it wasn't worth the money for us to eat there.
5	Delicious. The dessert is wonderful, with fresh crepes and pies made.Entrees are also freshly made, I love the smoked salmon, prime rib, and all the pastas.
5	I went to this buffet for a mini-UYE with Rand H., Jeromy H., Mike C., Robyn N., and Brian S. As I entered Walking Stick, I was wondering if this buffet can top The Buffet in Harrah's in Maricopa, which before this was my favorite buffet. I must say that Walking Stick Resort and Casino is truly impressive and Wandering Horse is definitely deserving of its place here. Well-appointed and brightly lit, the buffet's dining area offers a grand view of the scenic Scottsdale Mountains. The servers are very friendly and very efficient, and the food is superb! The offerings included carved meats, American, Mexican, Asian, and Italian dishes, plus a cornucopia of desserts. There are too many items to mention here, and I tried to get a little bit of as many of the items offered, loved all of the things I tried, and regret that I ran out of room before I could try a lot of the offerings - which is a good thing, because that means I can look forward to lots of great new things to sample during my next visit. So ... The Buffet in Harrah's - I think you're really great but you'll have to move over; Wandering Horse outshines you.
5	After spending a couple hours at this buffet at a mini UYE for lunch today, I almost feel like I should downgrade every other buffet I've rated 5 stars to 4, because this one is as good as it gets.  It's definitely more upscale than The Buffet at Harrah's, both in atmosphere and food.  The dining room is separate from the buffet area and has large windows facing the Scottsdale Mountains.  The service was top notch, our plates were cleared quickly and drinks and water refilled often.The food was excellent!  I started with salads, the spinach salad had fresh raspberries!  They even had fresh bleu cheese to go along with the bleu cheese dressing.  The fried calamari was some of the best I've had, not greasy, lightly breaded and even after sitting out tasted fresh and not rubbery at all.  There was a fantastic selection of cheeses and charcuterie served with dried fruits and veggies.  The smoked salmon and the baked salmon were perfect - and the prime rib of beef was done just right.  I can't forget the awesome dessert spread - the sticky toffee pudding was delicious (I wish I had another dish of it right now) and the gelatos, blood orange, mango and limoncello were the perfect end to a great meal.  I will have to come back for the Sunday brunch, the only thing that would make this better is unlimited mimosas and bloody marys!And I left with $200 extra in my pocket!
5	Let me first say that all the meat was perfectly cooked. The smoked salmon was slammin' and fell apart like it should, and baked salmon with equally  Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmeee. The fillet Mignon was class AA tender and tasty.The cost was a little bit more than its one competitor (Harrah's"The Buffet"). And it was worth every penny...!! This was a classy joint with a beautiful view. The area where you dine is far removed from where you collect your delectable edibles. The service was wonderful and the desserts were the bomb. Five very well-deserved stars...... I'd give it six but we do 1 to 5 so, Go taste it for yourself.
5	This past Saturday night I convinced my husband to go out & have dinner at a buffet. I have been wanting to go to Wandering Horse for a while now, so we made the trek out to Scottsdale. The last time we were here it was in the tents, so it was all new to us. The remodel is beautiful! Wish we could have checked out the rooms.We also met his cousin & our friend there. We were seated right away & went right to the buffet. As soon as we got back to the table our sweet server took our drink orders. She checked on us a few times & made sure empty glasses were refilled.There was so much freakin food! This has definitely got to be the best buffet in AZ. Some of my fav items were: fried shrimp, salmon, kobe beef, broccolini, shrimp scampi, bread with pesto spread & cheese, roasted corn on the cob, mashed potatoes, mussels, fried rice, pizza, pork eggrolls-I'm sure there's more but you get the idea. Dessert was pretty good as well. Some fav items there were: mint chocolate chip gelato, fruit tarts, creme brulee, some strawberry/white cake creation & the boys fav-a crepe with warm nutella!At 1st, I was going to dock a star for the $27 per person price tag, but it was just so good I had to give it 5 stars. I'd love to come back on a Sunday for brunch & take full advantage of the endless mimosas!
4	I came here today for a birthday get together for fellow Yelper Arana W.  Being a Saturday I was expecting the place to be slammed.  It was only about 1/3 full and it only took a few minutes to set up a table for 10.  In good weather there is additional seating on the patio.  This is a new building and I noticed the layout could be easily remodeled to a full service restaurant with a full bar and a private group dining room in place of the buffet serving area.There were plenty of food choices and all I tried were good.  I have finally come to the conclusion that 2 plates of food plus dessert are all I can handle any more so I had my two plates of food and in that I had at least 20 different items in small portions.  I skipped the dessert trip (well I did try some of Arana's gelatos) because my next stop for the day was Sweet Republic.  Everybody had positive comments on the foods they had, including the desserts.The service, both at the table and the serving area, was excellent.  We were there 2-1/2 hours and at no time did we feel rushed.  In fact they were still coming around refilling waters and drinks.At $12.95 this is an excellent value and I am not sure why it wasn't packed as the casino itself was quite busy.  Lunch is only 11-3 and then they shut down and get ready for dinner, which I think starts at 5.  I very seldom think of a casino buffet as destination dining but this place sure comes close.
4	Have I had better quality food at a buffet, yes. Have I had better selection at a buffet, only once (la Paloma, Tucson). But hot dang is this well priced for Scottsdale and the selection of salad, seafood, Asian, breakfast (omelette station also) carving board, meats section, Mexican, Italian, and dessert allows for a need to be rolled outta there! $36 gets you all you can eat AND all you can drink mimosas, bellini's, or bloody mary's. With the mountains as the back drop, the patio is one the best spots to eat Sunday brunch. Today's quantity, 5 breakfast plates and 1 dessert plate
4	The Wandering Horse is a really well done buffet that I have found to be consistently clean with an very good selection of fresh items and friendly if occasionally spotty table service. The buffet offers a standard blend of the tried and true steak, prime rib, salad bar combo with a nice blend of Mexican, Italian, Asian selections as well.I've eaten here at least 15 times since they opened, entertaining in-laws, business associates, and friends for lunch, dinner, and brunch having never left hungry or disappointed in anything save for the soups. Service has gotten consistently better and the food has stayed very consistently good. I would love to give five stars but on numerous occasions the soups have been under-seasoned and terribly bland.
3	I thought this buffet was okay. Granted, it was really bang for the buck and definitely a lot nicer than normal buffets in the Phoenix area, but I didn't feel like it was that awesome. First of all, the selection was quaint, but a little bit meager - except the dessert. I think there was just as much dessert as there was every thing else. The food was all right, but nothing tasted so good that I wanted any more of it. The prime rib looked really nice, but was actually very tough and chewy. The red velvet cake also looked really good, but the cake was dry and the icing was too much. Everything else was pretty forgettable. Still, if I were to spend money on a buffet, this one would be worth it. I just wasn't blown away.
5	well this place still gets five well-deserved stars, I went for a little UYE with Scott W, Robyn N, Lyn W. and her wonderful daughter Clair. We had a feast and to half. Today unlike my last visit this was a weekend so the buffet was a bit more expensive because of the free-flowing Champagne, Mimosas, Bloody Marys and Screwdrivers. When I say free flowing I really mean, I think it was four or five per person. Again all the meat was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked with a wide selection of unbelievably good choices! So I think the total cost per adult was $26 compared to the $14 and change for a weekday brunch. Like before the helpless with friendly and wonderful, in fact the manager at one point came out to ask a large group that was waiting to be patient because the place was packed. And in the same breath he offered them and ported himself each glass of champagne. They were seated shortly after and we also got a set of drinks before we were seated. If there was anything that had been ravaged and they hadn't yet noticed it I simply walked up to one of the many chefs in the serving area and let them know, less than a minute later the serving was replenished. This place rocks folks in a very elegant way! well that's my update.
4	Went here for lunch with my teen-age daughter. First off - this is a good value. We especially loved the carving station and all meats. The pasta with scallops and shrimp in a light cream sauce was really excellent. I think she has three servings. Ribs were very good.(This is coming from someone who lived in Texas for many years). I'd skip the Mexican and most Chinese, though the duck was very good also. Deserts were O.K. They looked very good, but the peanut butter pie and key lime were very sweet. Gelato was good. If they do not have what you want, just ask. We got some gorgeous shrimp cocktail and the chocolate/ hazelnut gelato by asking. Plan to return here for brunch as drinks(champagne...) is included with many more seafood items. Finally, nice atmosphere and kid friendly even though it is a casino.
5	My friend and fellow Yelper Robyn N. put together a little birthday UYE for me at this amazing buffet.  We were joined by Jeromy H. and Scott W.  And of course my daughter, Claire.  This is by far the best buffet I have been to in years!  Since it was a Sunday we induged in the mimosas and Bloody Mary's they offered with our meal.  Walking into the buffet area was like walking into a food dream.  There was the usual salad offerenings and some different soups. And several different areas of asian food with my daughter's favorite, fried shrimp, as well as my favorite, coconut shrimp.  There was an omelet station, delicious bacon and yummy potatoes.  I had the best salmon I have ever had!  It was like butter and metled in your mouth.  And there was pizza made right there in the pizza oven.  My daughter and I watched and they made her a special pizza of her favorite topping, black olives!  She loved it!  There were so many choices and everything was delicious.  And desert.....omg!  They have a gelato station with about 12 different flavors.  I tried the Limoncello and it was delicious!  There was pie and cake and pudding and cookies.....my daughter was in heaven!!  We had a great time with good friends and delicious food!  I can't wait to go back!
4	We stayed for 5 nights at the Talking Stick Resort on vacation. This buffet restaurant has an extensive display of international foods. We ate here three times for breakfast and it was quite delicious. For breakfast there is an omelet station, extensive granola/musueli choices, yogurt, pastries, various meats including peppered bacon that was sliced to order. Eggs were cooked well and the biscuits with gravy was one of my favorites. One day the gravy had a chopped corned beef and another day it was regular sausage-type gravy...both were delicious. We also had a donut each morning.Yeah, I know it wasn't on my diet...but hey, I was on vacation. The variety of fresh fruit was impressive...juicy, plump blackberries, strawberries, blueberries, fresh pineapple. Ummmm....My mouth is watering just thinking about it. We ate once in the Wandering Horse for lunch. It was good, but not quite as tasty as the breakfast, but definitely can find something you like. The fried shrimp were plump, good seasoning and great breading. There was Mexican, Asian, American and pizza stations. The salad bar was really good and they had about 14 different flavors of ice creams, gelatos and sorbet. The sorbets and gelatos were actually more delicious than the ice cream. Definitely worth a trip for the reasonable breakfast price of $9.95 and lunch of $12.95.
4	Had lunch with my Husband here today, we sat outside, it was gorgeous weather, the food is really Great, good variety, of ethnic foods !!!  Not bad for the price !!!
4	By far, this is one of the best buffets in the Phoenix Metro area with a fairly extensive selection of food types.No real exotic recipes within the various sections, but the flavors, while pretty basic were well prepared and overall above average.The seafood section was like a vortex for me with its smoked salmon offering. Remember that scene in "Trading Places" where Santa Claus (Dan Akroyd) stuffed that huge fillet of salmon into his costume?That's how the salmon is presented, and just like Santa, I found myself furtively scouring the room as I contemplated grabbing the entire fillet and making an insane dash for the exit.It was that good!I'll be back.
5	This place is AMAZING. Better than Bellagio for half the price and in Phoenix.Crab claws, prosciutto, wild boar bacon, the best gelato ever with many non-dairy options including prickly pear gelato.The only minuses were new potatoes weren't done quite right. It seems like they fry them without pre-boiling them and the eclair was ok but the filling wasn't very good compared to Eclair in Europe. Still better than the Awful monster Eclairs at AJs though.
5	Awesome.  Went for Sunday brunch.  Great selection and variety of all kinds of foods - breakfast, savory, sea food, ethnic food (Italian, Mexican, Chinese, etc), caving station, and expansive dessert options.  Food was being cooked continuously and stations replenished often so food was fresh, not old and dried out like it can get at some buffets.  3 drinks included with brunch.  I was uncomfortably full at the end because it was so good.
5	Ummmmm, ...Holy.Crap.This Sunday champagne buffet was super tasty.If I wanted to weigh 500lbs, I'd totally eat here everyday.For now, I shall just go on Sundays.Loveddddd it!
5	Gluttonous and completely delicious...we did the lunch buffet with with my sister & brother in law plus 3 kids (the restaurant was very kid friendly minus the walk past the cigarette smoking blue hair contingency in the slot machine area)....For lunch, they had a nice selection of prime rib and roasted chicken at the carving station.  Loads of shrimp + salmon and sea bass and a Mexican buffet area.  The deserts were amazing (had to do 1 slice of coconut cream pie and 1 slice of banana cream pie because I couldn't decide).  They also have a very nice selection of gelato.  Overall, it was a Vegas quality buffet for a fraction of the cost ($12.95 per person).
4	Best buffet in the Valley!! They give you the right portion so you don't have any leftovers in your plate. Were else can you find a buffet that serves, Kobe Beef and Lamb Chops, which are freshly cooked. They were excellent. Even the Gelato was delicious, but I wish they had more flavors.Downside was the oysters which were dry from sitting too long and the macaroons were burnt.We ate dinner there several times and enjoyed the atmosphere and service. We will be back to try their breakfast and lunch.
5	This buffet is possibly the best I have ever had. That is really saying something because I have been to Vegas 17 times in the last 4 years.    Thought it would be nice for my mom and I to check out a local buffet so I jumped on yelp and found the reviews for this place. I have driven by here many times but really never noticed it. We went on a Monday night and expected it to be pretty busy. Lucky for us the place was almost empty when we arrived. We were seated at a very nice booth and placed our drink order. At first I did not see where the actual buffet was until I noticed people walking through the archways and into another room. I think that's a nice touch. Makes eating a but more relaxed and quiet.        We walked in and checked out everything before starting to fill our plates. Pretty nice selection. Lots of very nice cold meats and cheeses. These turned out to be very good as I tried several. I tried most everything they had to offer and was really blown away by the quality and freshness. The prime rib was excellent as was the pork chops and especially the duck drum sticks. These were my favorite and I ate my weight in them to prove it.         The deserts were also very good. I tried bites of several different cakes and pies and indulged in the gelato as well. I did not notice the crepe station until I was picking out my gelato. It looked like they were making bananas foster so I went for a closer look. Low and behold that's just what they were doing. Well I had to have some of this. I ended up having them place it on a crepe instead of gelato.. This was fantastic, as was every other desert we tried.        All in all the buffet was excellent. Everything was very fresh with top quality all the way down the line. We are going to go again for mothers day when they have a special menu. Can't wait!        Give this place a try, you won't regret it.
4	Spendy, but nice atmosphere and great selection of food on a buffet.  You can't get a buffet this good anywhere else!  Dining on the outdoor patio is intimate and romantic. Space is limited.The casino isn't bad too.  Stop by on your way out.
3	Well maybe for Sunday Brunch they aren't as good as other times.I can't say they were bad but I also can't say they were great either.Someone said something about endless drinks???? I didn't get that experience or I might have given an extra star ?Some things I selected I thought seemed old,like the cheese and I don't care for old precut cheese no matter what kind it is....also every bite of fish I tried was dry except for the cold fish selection.They had heirloom mini tomatoes on the salad bar but they were shivered.I only tried one  beef meat that came fresh from the cook unloading it on the buffet so I grabbed it and it was fresh and cooked nice  but not flavored well.The best hot meat I tried was the dark chicken the only one that was actually good.The Asian selection looked frightful so I didn't take any to try.Among the high lights were the FRESH CORN COBS....they looked like Arizona grown because of the tiny sweet kernels that were kind of dry.I also enjoyed the Artichokes that seemed fresh marinated.My husband said a highlight was some sort of shrimp that I didn't taste,he said it was very good.The desserts all look really great....I tried a mini scoop of lemon cello sorbet and it lacked flavor, We shared a mini cannoli and it wasn't too bad, and the mini Lemon Meringue pie had great lemon curd but raw meringue and a crust that was heavy as a fur coat in the hot sun. All the servers did seem hospitable.I know people who LOVE this place and go every week so you might not agree with me and again maybe they are better at dinner time or weekday lunch, brunch was around $25 plus tax and tip.I felt that I was a Wandering Horse after indulging
5	This is by far the BEST buffet I have eaten at in the Phoenix area!!! We were here a few weeks ago for dinner, and again today for the Sunday Brunch. The selection is enormous. And so good... there is so much seafood options to choose from. What I hate about buffets in general is that the food is usually cooked poorly when cooked in large quantities... but that is totally not the case here. All the meat and fish I sampled were cooked perfectly. This venue is very comparable... if not better than most buffets in Vegas!!! Sunday Brunch was $26.... but well worth it. Besides... you can earn your money back for your meal at the slot machines!
4	Definitely worth the $25 for dinner, such a wide variety to choose from. Pleasantly surprised
5	HOW? HOW. CAN. FOOD. TASTE SO GOOD? AT A BUFFET! OH MY GOD. I've never been to a better buffet. Went for birthday dinner, tonight.. $20.00 cover charge includes beverage.. had a soda to begin with, and ended with coffee! No additional fee.  Two kinds of smoked salmon, caprese salad, GIGANTIC cocktail shrimp, REALLY FANCY FRENCH CHEESES and a whole host of other nibbly delicacies are the first things to the right, when you walk into this glutton's paradise. FINALLY. I HAVE EATEN OYSTERS ON THE HALFSHELL THAT I LOVE. SO LOVE. SO FRESH. I've only had icky oysters prior to this. :( I'm a new man!   The quality is absolutely top-notch, along with the freshness.  I didn't use up too much stomach space on at the Mexican part of the buffet, but the Mojito Cod (Or some sorta tropically treated cod) was really delicious! Along with this, the traditional BIG CHUNKS OF MEAT UNDER A RED LIGHT ON A BUTCHER BLOCK that every buffet seems to have were present, and unfortunately sliced incorrectly.. a quick mention to the waitress rectified the issue however.. these meats (Beef, and pork) were surely well prepared, though, and tasty.  Living right next door to the GIANT MEATS were an assortment of fried seafood (shrimp, calamari, and scallops) which perfect too.  Not to be forgotten, are the salad bar, and Asian section.. the Asian section featured the typical fried appetizers (Crab Rangoon, Eggrolls, etc) and a few entrees.. The General Tso's chicken was KICK ASS.. the noodles were an oversight because I was focused on fancy! The entire north wall of the buffet is dedicated to Italian delights.. Pizzas, and Pastas.. Normally I skip pizzas completely at buffets, but WHOLE WHEAT WOOD FIRED PIZZAS, HAND MADE!!! and REALLY GREAT! Also, creamy stuffed ravioli were a highlight... Now, for the desserts.. There must have been 7,000 desserts available for the taking, along with a HUGE assortment of delicious gelatos.  The sparkling gem of the entire dessert experience, however was the FRESH MADE BANANAS FOSTER, SERVED ON VANILLA BEAN GELATO. Yeah, you heard me folks.. walk on up, ask for Bananas foster, and it's prepared right in front of you, butter, sugar, bananas, cream, Meyer's Dark Rum, and Bananas.. AMAZING. Absolutely AMAZING.  There's SOOO much more to this buffet than what's mentioned, but combined with the delightful dining area, and STUNNING mountain view, I actually almost cried leaving, like a kid being dragged out of Disneyland at closing time...... (FLAWLESS STAFF/SERVICE TOO, BTW!)
5	Just a quick update to reaffirm that this place is always terrific...  ALWAYS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS!!During this visit today of many, I had lunch with Arlin B., Robyn N., & Mike C. & the highlight of the day for me was the incredible Bananas Foster for dessert.  It was the best dessert I have ever eaten, period!!  Other greats today included the breaded duck pieces (I forget what they called it).  ...I could go on & on about today's exact selections, but they vary the menu every day & also put out more really great things than you'll even have room to try.  Just know that you'll love it here, because this is the VERY BEST BUFFET RESTAURANT IN ARIZONA!!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $12.95 including beverage.==========================================10/24/11 Mini Update:  Had the lunch buffet today with Arlin B., Mike C. & Robyn N.  The price has increased to $13.95...  Is the terrific food here worth that much?  Pretty much!     :-))
5	Had a wonderful lunch here this week with some good Yelp friends, Rand H. Robyn N. and Mike C.!  I was a little skeptical at first based on the very high Yelp rating's and knowing it's a buffet but the Wandering Horse Buffet exceeded all my expectations.  It's an awesome place to dine with friends and family both for lunch and dinner.The decor is nice, somewhat modern contemporary-ish with both tables and booths to choose from for seating.  They have a large bar on the middle of the dinning area as you go into the buffet area.  Relaxing colors through the dinning room with one wall full of windows with a view of the mountains in the back ground.  They have a nice patio area for when the weather permits. The service was good.  They were very attentive to our needs and kept our table clean.  The price of $12.99 was exceptional considering the ginormous smorgasbord of culinary delights they offer!The food was scrumptious!  They had just about everything including the kitchen sink!!  I wanted to try everything but there was no way I could, it's that large of a buffet, but I tried....  The Asian area had duck cooked at least three ways and several other options.  The Mexican area offered several traditional favorites including chili rellenos, fajitas and the best shrimp/scallop ceviche.  The prime rib was fantastic but the pork lion was a little dry.  The Italian area had the most wonderful mushroom filled spinach ravioli's in a lite cream sauce!  The smoked salmon salad and curry and vegetarian wantons are things I'll dream about until my next visit.  They were delicious! There were so many other options to choose from, there is no way I could list them all in this Yelp review.  I'm looking forward to going back to the Wandering Horse Buffet, so I hope to see you there!
5	Consider this Sunday Brunch buffet the Godfather to all buffets in the Valley. If you're like me, you won't quite realize what you're getting yourself into until you've been seated and you make your way into the buffet room. Yes, I said buffet room and I mean that it's an entire room dedicated to the buffet. Here's how it works: you stand in line to enter the restaurant, you pay upfront, you're seated by a hostess and then the feeding frenzy begins. Once we were seated, we took a moment to take in our surroundings. I looked to my left, I looked to my right and everywhere I looked, people had food piled (and I mean piled) high on their plates. Had they eaten in weeks or had they just eaten last night? It's hard to tell, but really, it's also hard to blame the gorging-like behavior because the second you see this buffet, an animal instinct triggers in your body and you must attack the buffet as if it is your last meal on this earth. People piled entire meat shops on their plates and then topped it off with heaps of fried Chinese food, cheesy Mexican food, Seafood glory and any pastry, dessert or breakfast dish imaginable. For the amount of traffic this buffet gets, the staff, service and structure is spot-on and even with just one person working the register, we got through the initial line pretty quickly. Once we were inside, we were let loose to discover the culinary creations on our own. The buffet room is clean, stocked high with food and organized in a structured way. People pile the food high on their plates and this results in the food disappearing off the serving platters faster than the chef's can put it down. But the chef's aren't phased and keep cooking as fast as they can. There is every type of food imaginable and there's no possible way a human could enjoy everything this buffet has to offer. But it's definitely worth a shot. The Sunday Brunch Buffet is $26 for adults but it's absolutely worth it. I was told it's pricier because it's a seafood buffet. It's not your 5 star resort "stuffy" brunch but rather a nice quality casual buffet and probably the nicest one Phoenix has to offer for this price range and quantity. I will be back soon to try out the $9.99 buffet they offer on Saturdays. This is absolutely the buffet to check-out in Phoenix. You'll walk away as in awe as I am.
5	It was a slam dunk for me to give 5 Stars to the Wandering Horse Buffet. First of all, the dinner buffet is only $20. When you compare the price for all the variety of great tasting food you get, you are definitely getting a great deal. I had my fill of the buffets during my recent trips to Vegas, so I think I'm qualified to compare buffets. I also used my $4.20 in credits from my Player Reward Club card to bring down the cost of the buffet even more.They have fish, how about Salmon, shrimp, and Mussels to name a few. And you can't have any pudding if you don't eat your meat. They have pork, Prime Rib, beef, Chinese Chicken wings (I'm drooling). They have plenty of soups, I liked the won ton soup. They had this excellent salad that consisted of cucumbers, cherry tomatoes cut in half with some other stuff included (but no lettuce) with this insanely delicious light salad dressing. I had about three helpings of that salad so I had my veggie quotient for the week.How about those desserts? They had several different pies. And the winner was the coconut pie. How I stopped myself at one piece, I'll never know. Now on to the Gelato, the Mango was good, but to me the show stopper was the Coconut. They had so much more, but my stomach finally said "No mas" until next time.
5	After 3 years of living in the Valley and searching for a nice buffet, I've finally found what I consider to be the BEST buffet ever!  Was heading to Peoria from Fountain Hills and decided to try this based on other Yelp reviews.  I wasn't even gambling and didn't have any drinks, so my review is purely based on my love of good food. I arrived around 10:30 to find the enter section roped off, and I was told lunch starts at 11AM (not sure if this is a Labor Day only thing as the signed states 10:30 AM for lunch).  Decided to walk around the casino as this was my first time at this one. Much nicer than Ft. McDowell for sure!  Could hardly even smell the cigarette smoke which was very surprising.  After coming back around 11AM we were the first in line and the line behind us grew quickly.  I was impressed by the upscale ambiance as even when other buffets try, they still seem dirty, smelly or just average at best.  After paying just under $30 for 2, a professional server came to take our drink order and we entered the buffet room to find a nice assortment of Italian,  Chinese, Mexican, as well as other various cuisines. Very nice ssortment.  Tried the pesto ravioli which was amazing, brick oven pizza, seasoned curly fries,  fajitas w/fresh warm tortillas.  Everything I had was delicious.  I will say there was a nice assortment of seafood which I did not partake in.  The dessert bar was to die for!  Tried lemon tart, ice cream, red velvet cake which were all decent.  Chocolate chip cheesecake was great too.  I will definitely be going back as there as numerous items I would like to try such as several pasta salads,etc.  There is defnitely something for everyone here!
1	This review was for 7/17/2011. I noticed it was removed. Why would they remove a bad review? Sure is nice to get such a high rating if you can get most of the honest bad reviews removed. I will repost it below.I just had the most horrible dining experience of my life at the Wandering Horse Buffet. The waitress was extremely rude to both myself and my girlfriend. We asked for a manager and a "manager" named Pat came to the front and started arguing with me. He took my receipt, refused to make any amends and refused to return my receipt to me. That receipt is my personal property. I consider this theft. I will never eat at this establishment again and will make certain that the "managers" boss is made aware of the rudeness of both the waitress and himself. If you don't want HORRIBLE service, please do not eat here.
5	***********If you don't appreciate......"The Best of The Best"........ stay away**************Wandering Horse has always provided a TEN STAR dinning expierence.The food is Fanstatic.The service is beyond OUTSTANDING.I've been going there, since they opened.Wandering Horse you're ...... "a Class Act".
5	Seriously, this buffet is awesome!!!! We visited a couple weekends ago, and for $25 a plate we got our money's worth. The butcher station was serving lamb and new york. Absolutely fall off the bone good. They have themed stations.....asian, mexican, etc. I tried a little from each and everything was awesome. It's a bit of a drive for us since we are in the far northwest valley, but we will be back again SOON!
4	Wanted to give 5 stars, but the buffet on a Saturday night featured no crab legs, just jumbo shrimp and oysters for a seafood buffet?  Service was great, I have to admit. The prime rib was tender and tasteful, leg of lamb was also yummy. The buffet overall was a great buffet, I think I need to try out the sunday brunch to get the full experience.
4	Visiting from San Diego, of course we had to check out at least one of the local casinos. There are two with the same name within a couple of exits of each other so I am not sure if they both have slots or if one has the slots and the other one is just cards but they are both conveniently located right off the freeway. We've visited many buffets and they ranged pretty damn good (Barona Casino and Valley View Casino) to absolutely gross (Viejas) and everything in between. What makes this buffet a stand out is it's all the high end touches that abound. Beginning with the buffet entrance, everything is wonderfully decorated and the views from the dining room are lovely. The service are not overly friendly but are very intuitive. There is no refill drink bar, all your free drinks are replaced as if by magic. There are real cloth napkins, weighty silverware and comfy chairs. The restroom is a bit of a walk but again, you will get to enjoy the rest of the hotel/casino while you walk around. Like many other yelpers have said, the Buffet is located in it's own room. All the food is beautiful presented, all the serving stations and decorations are high end and upscale and at no time do you feel you are in a cafeteria as you may have felt in other casinos. The food is just too much too mention but everything we had was tasty and the desserts were killer. Very nice place, will def visit again.
5	Quite possibly one of the best buffets I've been to, even compared to Vegas buffets!  They have an extensive array of seafood, including fresh raw oysters, chilled shrimp,  smoked salmon and scallops.  The smoked salmon isn't the thinly sliced, prepackaged stuff you find at the grocery store.  This was a whole fillet of salmon that was cooked/smoked, which was a nice surprise.  They have a carving station with 2 meats (the night we went they had roast beef and lamb), and different cultural stations (Mexican, Asian).  They also have a VERY extensive selection of desserts, even some sugar free desserts.  I highly recommend the bananas foster.  They will make it for you on the spot, and put a lovely amount of rum in it too! Our main server was very nice and did a good job at clearing plates, refilling sodas.  The water server was a bit strange though.  We were seated at a time when it was not very busy, and we went in celebration for a birthday, so we were here to eat like pigs!  After a few plates, the water server went by my table and told me, "You guys eat really slowly, don't you."  Um..... I guess so?  I didn't know you were keeping such a close eye on our table!
4	My friend won big at the casino today.... and so she took us to dinner....hooray! This place is expensive.... like almost Vegas expensive BUT it was better than the majority of the Vegas buffets... and I have done some serious buffeting. They had american kobe steaks that were tender and delicious. Creamy mashed potatoes. Tender broccolini. Wonton soup that is actually good (fairly rare for a buffet). Really good garlic bread. And to top it off.... A fancy cheese, meat, and fig display. The only thing that was not awesome was the lamb leg...but it still wasn't bad. The dessert set up was pretty awesome... fresh fruit, all different types of pies, tarts, cakes, ice cream, sorbet, and even fresh made bananas foster. I ate so much dessert. It was sick. They had some delicious chocolate mousse, tarts, and the bananas foster was excellent.... I am so glad we gave this place a try and I would definitely come back for another special occasion. This buffet does a very good job of making you feel like you are in a nice restaurant and not necessarily a buffet. The buffet is separated from the dining room and there is very attentive service bringing drinks (all non alcoholic drinks included) and clearing plates. Gotta like that. Plus we had a view of the pool... not such a bad view.
1	This review was for 7/17/2011. I noticed it was removed. Why would they remove a bad review? Sure is nice to get such a high rating if you can get most of the honest bad reviews removed. I will repost it below.I just had the most horrible dining experience of my life at the Wandering Horse Buffet. The waitress was extremely rude to both myself and my girlfriend. We asked for a manager and a "manager" named Pat came to the front and started arguing with me. He took my receipt, refused to make any amends and refused to return my receipt to me. That receipt is my personal property. I consider this theft. I will never eat at this establishment again and will make certain that the "managers" boss is made aware of the rudeness of both the waitress and himself.If you don't want HORRIBLE service, please do not eat here.
5	Let's see there are not enough words I can use to describe just how great this buffet was....so I will just put it this way:Brick Oven Pizza.....CheckMashed Potatoes....CheckCreme Brulee......CheckShrimp Fried Rice....CheckFried Shrimp.....CheckChicken Casear Salad....CheckClam Chowder.....CheckAll Non-Alcoholic Drinks included......CheckKEY LIME PIE.....my favorite......CheckFirst Class Service......CheckAwesome Dining Area.....CheckNow that was just a small sampling of what was available at this establishment. If your into Red meat.....chips and dip....Bananas Foster...Sushi....Crab Ragoon....Gelato......Apple Pie....Cherry Pie....Fresh Fruit Parfaits.....Pasta.....etc.....I think you get my point.....They had all of that as well. Now it will cost you about 26 bucks per person....but it is TOTALLY WORTH IT.....I will definitely be back to try Sunday Brunch. So let me wrap this up by simply saying this is the BEST BUFFET I HAVE EVER TRIED.....and trust me for those of you who know me that is saying something. So if your ever in need of a buffet dining experience or just simply hanging out at Casino Arizona here  in the valley of the Sun......run don't walk to The Wandering Horse Buffet.....I promise you won't be disappointed. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
2	They have a great selection of desserts here. I don't think it's worth the $25 though. I came on a Saturday night. Their buffet consisted of:Cocktail shrimp and raw oysters Mexican standKobe beef/prime rib/leg of lambFried shrimp/codAsian standSalad standPizza For a buffet, that seemed really boring. I expected more from the Kobe beef.  The pizza stand had four different pizzas. I don't know why you would go to a buffet to fill up on starches.  I could get a better food from an Asian buffet. At least they have a variety of seafood and sushi. I thought I could leave with a happy tummy if I lost in gambling. Boy was I wrong.
4	I've been to plenty of casino buffets and I think that this one is pretty good.  The decor and food presentation are on the fancier side for a buffet, but the restaurant still has a very casual feel to it.  There's a good selection of food and a huge offering of desserts.  I quite liked the pizza, scallops, fried calamari, and chicken caesar salad to name a few.  The desserts were fresh and of really good quality, so they definitely aren't there just for show.  Besides just cakes and pies, they also offer an array of parfaits, tarts, gelato/sorbet that is scooped for you, and a great selection of mixed berries (not in the dessert area).One downside, our waitress was not particularly attentive and could have provided much better service.  However, the lady who was working in the dessert section who scooped my sorbet for me was really nice.
5	Not to be repetitious, but really nice buffet. No one's addressed the regular (non-Sunday) breakfast, but for $9.95 you get juice, coffee and food. Omelets, cheeses, bacon and thick cut applewood smoked if you want, smoked salmon (not little pieces, but a whole slab o' fish you slice off a piece yourself) and all those deserts (pastries, pies, cakes, etc.) including the sorbets. And then there are the non-US selections with Thai, Japanese and other cuisines represented. Fantastic ranges of spices and flavors. And kudoes to the designers for keeping the 'sausage-making' out of view of the diners, making the entire experience more pleasant than most buffets.
4	This review is for the lunch buffet.Been here a bunch of times for lunch, and although its gone up slightly, its still worth the $14.  There is a great variety including plenty of seafood dishes.  The steaks, the shrimp fajitas, the chinese selections, the artisan cheeses, the pizza & pasta, the fish & chips, the salads, the smoked salmon, the soups, and even the sugar free cheesecake are all very good.  A little different than the typical buffet, the food is served in smaller portions on the buffet.  So most choices seem pretty fresh.Its a nice, spacious room with great views.  And far enough seperated from the casino so that you don't smell the smoke or hear any of the noise.  Not that there's anything wrong with that :)  We've had great service on each visit as well.I can't speak to the dinner or brunch buffets, but based on the lunch selection and quality, I'm sure the rest is very good.  Will have to try the dinner soon.Work up a hunger... settle in... and enjoy!
5	I came here for Sunday brunch with Sarah H and Dan H and it was glutinous.  It can easily compete with a Vegas buffet.  Three kinds of smoked salmon, crab, shrimp and sushi just to name a few of my favorites.  It is well worth the $30 price.
4	The place.Cant talk about Wandering Horse Buffet, with out mentioning Talking stick casino, its the tall building east of the 101 in Scottsdale. Im glad the people decided to ditch the tents and build a nice building with a golf course around it, and by the way the rooms are really nice with out a big price, if your a local check out  their deals during slow seasons.  Yeah and its hidden as well in the maze of slot machines and black jack tables. Well for the buffet, no problems here close as you can get to a fancy Casino Buffet in Vegas.  The menu is always changing so keep up to date great specials.  Another tip, the Wandering Horse Buffet also hosts great food for holidays.  As for the service staff, I leave a nice ti. Im being real when I say, I don't tip at all buffets.  For the atmosphere Clean classy casino buffet.  you don't eat in a smoke haze. the seats are nice and comfy if i remember right they have wheels, don't tell me that not fun.  Personally any place that can satisfy a dessert feast after a large meal wins me as a fan.  Anyways casino prices,    * Buffet Breakfast - $9.95    * Buffet Lunch - $13.95     * Buffet Dinner Sunday thru Thursday - $20.95     * Buffet Dinner Friday & Saturday $26.95     * Sunday Buffet Brunch - $27.95     * Holiday Buffets - $42.95 kid prices as well.
2	Went for the lunch buffet. The selection was mostly mexican and chinese along with pizza and sundry meats. the dishes were okay. For a price of $30 for two people, I have had better meals. Yes, there were a lot of choices but the quality was not great. nothing stood out for me. did not even feel like trying the desserts as nothing seemed appealing.
5	aaah, breakfast, how I love you.  Why on earth would someone spend upwards of $10 for breakfast at fatty McD's when u can have fresh pineapple juice, smoked salmon, picture-perfect berries, firepit baked pastries, bacon literally sliced off the slab right before your eyes, and blueberry pancakes made in sight (not frozen), among many, many other surprises ..... ALL for $9.99 and UNLIMITED.  This, my friend, will start your day off right.Yet, this is NOT your grandparent's cigarette-filled buffet.  It's a younger, lively, clean atmosphere with floor-to-ceiling windows giving a view to the golf course.  Enjoy!
5	OMG...Best buffet in the valley hands down!!!  Beats any LV buffet including Bellagio etc.  Go for lunch...$13.95 is a bargain for this culinary destination.  I've been here twice and have been beyond impressed with the overall freshness, selection and presentation.  Some highlights:- Salad bar - the "bomb" based on overall taste, selection and freshness as mentioned above...artichoke hearts, marinated olives, gourmet cheeses, many delicious prepared salads etc.- Chinese - fresh, hot and delicious!   Scallop lomein, duck spring rolls, potstickers, and several other hot delicious looking entrees- Brick Oven Pizza - Spinach, mushroom & artichokes....need I say more?- Stuffed Eggplant - didn't even have room for this Italian masterpiece...bummer!- Desserts - same as above....every imaginable flavor of gelato and so much more!I cannot wait to go back here!!!!
5	I have to start off by saying that this is not the best buffet that I have ever tried; for that you would have to go to Vegas.  That said, I doubt that you will find a better buffet in the Phoenix area.  We ate outside with a nice view of the nearby mountains at sunset.  The food quality was very good, the variety was excellent, and the service prompt.  The desert bar is on par with the best I've seen anywhere.  For what you get, I found the pricing very reasonable.  Overall a very good experience.
4	WOW can you say HEAVEN? All you can eat amazing food?!Yes Please!I wanted to make sure I tried everything I could get my hands on and believe me I tried nearly everything minus a few things here and there. But it gives me an idea of what to expect next time and what not to get.My personal favorite as far as little appetizers would have to be the pork potstickers the endless cocktail shrimp,& half shell oysters.  For main course I love love LOVED the Kobe beef. It was cooked just the way I like it medium rare-ish. The flavor was good but would be even more stellar with some A1. The prime rib lacked flavor but was definitely tender and right in color.  I tried the wild boar Bacon and it was eating like a piece of salty Ham. I'm a little weird when it comes to Bacon because I would rather cook things with it and put it in things than eating it alone as a strip. If you love Bacon for the flavor I recommend this unless you need the crispiness like I do somewhat. Other things I tried and didn't love as much were the Asian drums in heaven or whatever it was called, the crab wonton wrapped things, the shrimp and mushroom risottto almost tasted like it wasn't finished cooking  & The red chili beef and the shrimp ceviche. As you can tell some things were just hit or miss. But the things I loved I loved with all my heart. So I have a better idea on my plate choices next time.Let's move on to dessert shall we?creme brulee was good the texture of the custard reminded me of jello but it was still superb regardless of the jelloy effect :/The little chocolate crepes were one of my all time favorites,  and a certain cookie to the left on the top shelf that was like eating a crisp sweet wafer were oh so good or like toffee without the effect where it sticks to your teeth! I didn't dip into all the cakes and pies because no restaurant can beat my pies and cheesecakes and cakes. So I passed them up without a doubt along with the little tarts. I Hated the little strawberry shortcake parfait cup. *shivers*gelato here we go....Prickly pear-different but tasty.Lemon ciello-good but way too much texture for me. I like smooth gelato. Blood orange-FAVORITE!!!!!!I went on a Sunday before the closed and I know for next time I will go for lunch they way I don't have to pay 27.95. I like the sound of 13.95-20.95 better. :)
5	Best.Buffet.Ever.... I think those 3 words sum it up. Everything is delicious. I have never seen a selection of dessert so vast in my life. I come here with a game plan... start with cheese appetizers and end my meal with every dessert they have to offer. But my plan always fails. I can't start slow, this buffet is way too exciting. Totally worth the money and better than any buffet I've been to in Vegas. I'd come here every week if I was rich and had amazing metabolism.
3	Took Mom and her sisters for lunch here last week.  While I couldn't eat (was still full from breakfast), they had a very good time- especially my aunts.  The items that garnered the most "oohs" and "ahhs" were the sweet potato fries and the desserts-- aunt loved her coconut cream pie (it did look very fresh and rich and creamy... I was almost tempted to take a bite!), and Mom and another aunt really enjoyed the sorbets (mango was the fave).  Service and the views outside were excellent.  My aunts definitely want to go back.  Maybe next time, we'll dine outside and I'll be able to try the food.
5	I ate here with my husband as the guest of a local resident who loves this place. He surprised us! I've heard good things about Talking Stick but had never seen it. The buffet restaurant is in a huge area, constructed in in a big curved shape, with all open windows on one side for a very airy atmosphere. The restaurant also featured outdoor balcony seating and the building cleverly shades it.The choices were amazing as was the quality of the food! So much for my diet! It was one of those places where you want to try this and that. They segment the food by location, such as Mexican, Asian, Italian, etc. Some items I ate, because I LOVE variety and tasting everything: Vegetable curry samosa, Thai eggroll, barbecue chicken (Asian), sesame chicken, asparagus (really fresh ones), (I skipped all the noodly dishes to save room for the other stuff), salmon (really perfectly cooked), smoked salmon and salmon salad (ALL great), chile relleno,a teeny tiny slice of turkey with a special apple cranberry sauce, sundried tomatoes and yellow peppers, a blueberry cheese (sounds weird, but VERY good), one ravioli (tasted and looked like a pesto-based sauce), and tastes of a few desserts that I shared with Gary.I did not try the tasty-looking salads or soups, instead going for the more serious or unique offerings.Desserts: a fruit pastry, red velvet cake (yum-the server said the employees really hit up on that dessert!), delicious gelatos (I had hazelnut chocolate and something) and a few other goodies. I believe lunch was around $13.95, a great value for the quality and quantity of foods available.I would certainly come here again for the ambiance, food choices, quality and overall experience. Really classy place, even with a casino. It is located just east of the 101, easy to get to. Parking is free, on property.
5	Happy to report that this is still absolutely the best Buffet in Arizona!  Stopped in for lunch today with friends Gil B., Robyn N. & Mike C., pigging out on duck, marlin, two kinds of artichokes, amazing smoked salmon, Crepes Suzette, you name it.  This one even beats the great feasting I enjoyed recently in Las Vegas, Buffet capital of the world!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $13.95 including beverage, & worth it!
4	Yes, this place is great like everyone has said. The Sunday breakfast buffet is HUGE and any kind of alcoholic drink you want is available...but it's crazy expensive! It's $30  per person--I can never eat enough to pay $30 just for me alone. Sure it was good and a fun experience, but to get your money's worth you better be ready to eat for two hours and get a little tipsy on the mimosas.
5	Nice options and you can even eat healthy if you want.  Good Salmon and Shrimp.
5	Have been to the buffet twice for dinner and every time i leave totally satisfied with everything that is offered. I actually wish i could fit more in my stomach. The chefs do a wonderful job and have a exceptional variety from around the globe. Service is also top notch and pleasant. Cant wait to go back.
4	Very good food salmon was amazing.  The dessert was very good.  I wish they had some sushi.  Service was ok. Will be back!
4	Was pretty disappointed that I missed their breakfast buffet ($10) by 10 minutes, but was very satisfied with there lunch selection.There's way too much food to list, but believe me, there's a big enough selection that you'll have more than enough to satisfy your craving.  If you're a big dessert person, there were pies, cakes, ice cream, and gelato galore.Consider how many people and tables there were, service was very prompt.  My water and coffee remained filled the entire time.
3	I was underwhelmed by Wandering Horse Buffet. We went here this morning for Sunday brunch. For $30 + tip and three cocktails the Sunday brunch is a decent value. It was the food that I didn't care for. I have a hearty appetite so I tried just about everything. The best part of my meal was the chicken ceasar salad.  The deserts were also relatively tasty. Everything in between failed to live up to my expectations. I felt like I was eating at a high end cafeteria as opposed to a fine dining buffet. Other reviewers have raved about the seafood selections, but simply having seafood available does not mean a buffet should be esteemed. For example, you can buy a fish sandwich at mcdonalds and crab legs at walmart. The seafood I had today was ordinary at best.I had a california roll that was mostly rice. I had the caprese salad and the mozzarella was so stringy that I would describe it as borderline runny (I do appreciate the tomatoes being local and heirloom).  I had three different kinds of chinese food, none of which tasted very good. I had some prosciutto from the cured meats area and discovered a thin sliver of bone or gristle in one of my bites. The english muffin at the base of my eggs benedict was as hard as a rock. I was trying so hard to cut through it with my knife that I almost knocked over my champagne glass. On a more positive note, the views from the patio are phenomenal and the service is very good.
5	Sooooo worth the money!  Most definitely the best buffet in Arizona, and possibly the best buffet I've ever had, and I've had a lot. The only buffets even comparable that I've been to are a few select Todais (some Todai buffets are REALLY bad...), and Cafe Sierra in LA. Neither one of those, however, are in the state of Arizona, so they're not very much competition...I came here because of Marsella M.'s review. She talked about lamb, crab, and prime rib, which are all our favorites. I called beforehand to make sure they had these on the menu, but they said I had to pay for their $40+ Easter buffet in order to get those. (bull!) Marsella confirmed they offered those for Sunday Brunch ($28 a person), and that's when we went. She was correct (thank you!). Sunday Brunch has a wonderful variety of different foods, as well as 3 glasses of champagne/mimosas per person. Love the mimosas! Since we saw Marsella's review, we've been here twice!Our highlights were the kobe beef (you can ask the cook to make it rare or well done), lamb, crab (there are at least 3 different types), and, surprisingly, pink (I assume strawberry) yogurt. Really, best yogurt I've had in my life. My boyfriend also loves their pizza, which is very different indeed. They have so many varieties of desserts, and they're all pretty good. It's also nice to see they have gelato instead of the usual ice cream.The only thing we really didn't like was some of the Asian items (but then again, that might be because I'm Chinese), and the fish. We felt their fish was very dry and bland. We also wish they had sushi, which is the ONLY reason why this may NOT be my favorite buffet ever (since Cafe Sierra had DELICIOUS sushi!). But really, those few things should not prevent you from trying out this buffet!
3	Service is good, they have a wide variety of desserts. It seems they lack meat though. The basic boneless chicken breast is nowhere to be found. For dinner , they should have more seafoods. I dint see mussels, crab legs, crabs. But they had shrimp and oysters. They had steak and lamb which was good too, salmon was overcooked it was really dry and chewy. I liked the steamed pollock ( not sure but it was white fish ) with veggies and rice. The ambiance is good, too. Tip: when you do dinner, get there as early as 4:30pm,  yes, when they just barely open, especially if you are starving else you would have to wait before the other 25-30 people can get in.
5	Lunch buffet was $14 and worth way more! Amazing pizza, steak, asian, mexican, desserts etc. Of course we found this on our last day in AZ but will definitely be back. It was the best tasting buffet with the best selection I've ever been to.
3	Went there with my family last Thursday night for $20.95 each person. Nothing exciting to eat. The buffet lines were smaller and items were fewer than I thought after reading the previous reviews. The main course was roast beef and roast pork loin, both were tasteless and tough! So the most that I ate was jumbo shrimp coctail and grilled top sirloin steaks, which was OK. There were some skinny raw oysters but I avoided. Finished up with gelato. No crab/crab legs, no lamb, no kobe beef. I guess only the Sunday brunch offers those. We had more than 6 people in a party, so was charged 18% tips automatically, totaling $27 per person. For this price, I rather stick with Red Lobster.
1	Had to give it a one star to offset all the B.S here. In reality the service sucks and is very amateur. The phones are not answered management is never to be found and the staff is 2 star at best. If you want fruit or berries bring your owndish bowel to wash it as you can be guaranteed these people didn't clean it.The so called Kobe beef is of course the cheapest cuts available for humansand the overall brunch and regular buffet is poor.  If you want a good brunch trythe Camellback Inn, or the Westin which is actually cheaper and 10 times better.
2	A lot of choices, but nothing stood out as a must have.  The desserts were very good, but everything else was just ordinary.  Bring your wallet if you plan on drinking alcohol.  I guess the Tribe has to pay for that beautiful new building somehow.  Drinks way overpriced.
3	Some of these reviews must be from the employees or people that have not had a better casino buffet.Went there Saturday for lunch, and being from San Diego, I can say honestly if you don't want to drive 6 hours to get to Vegas or San Diego then I guess this buffet would be second best. 5 stars is way too high to rate this buffet. Steaks were like rubber, Asian food was as good as Panda Express, the "gelato" was just basic ice creme, so if you want almost as good then go here. I have yet to find anything in Az as good as Barona, Pala Casino, or Valley View. Guess ill visit Cali more.
5	I totally agree with Rand H.  WOW, the best buffet in AZ.  I went to the Sunday Brunch event with my family.  The service was first class.  I did not find 1 item that did not taste good.  Asian food, Mexican food, Italian food, and American fare was ALL good.   Desserts were so good.  Too bad it was to early in day, I could not try a bite of everything.
3	I don't get the hype. I mean it was at best "okay". Perhaps I went on the wrong day (Mother's Day) where they raise the price $20 a head. Cost to value was not justified after having brunch. Even on a normal day, I'm still not sure it's all that great for $30/ person. This may be one of the better buffets in Phoenix but that isn't really saying much. The thing I'll give them is great service, comfortable atmosphere, wide selection. Creme Brulee was top notch. That I will brag about.
3	For a price tag of $30/per person I'd say this buffet is OK.  Wandered (pardon my pun) into this establishment after spending the day drinking at the pool party.  We tried to get into Ocean Prime (I think that's what it's called), but the wait was long and with 7 people we knew we would be waiting forever- and we needed food.  At the time a buffet sounded like the perfect option.I'm pretty sure my Husband would rate this place five stars solely for the large amounts of crab legs he was able to put on his plate.  He absolutely loved it.  I enjoyed most everything I put on my plate.  I especially loved the coconut shrimp, and the romen noodles.  I wish there were some warm dessert options, as the pies and cakes are not my thing.  The steak was good and everything was hot and fresh.  The service was great as well and I liked that drinks were included.Not sure I would go back considering the high price tag, but honestly all buffets are expensive.  The food quality was good and everything seemed to be fresh, which is super important.  So, if you're in the area and need a quick place with lots of options, this buffet might be for you!
2	This review is for the breakfast buffet.Pro:  value, variety, viewsCon: smokers and gamblers you encounter en route.  low class.Wuddya expect, it's a friggin' casino.   Even so, it certainly does the trick for a cheap "I could eat a horse but I'm broke" breakfast call.  You name it,  they probably offer it:  Mexican, American, Chinese,  even gelato, and a very decent fresh fruit offering.  Servers have always been friendly on my visits.   Surprisingly good for kids and the $1 keno games are a nice side bar.  It's what I'd imagine a low budget cruise ship buffet to be.  I'm at 2.5 stars on this place; a definite "meh".
3	Sadly, WHB has slipped off its pedestal for me.  Lately, there have been some disappointments.  Actually, many disappointments.  As usual, prices have gone up while quality has gone down.Even though items are put out in small batches, many times they are not fresh.  I used to regularly enjoy their petite steaks, but now they're just dry, tough, and overcooked.  The pasta dishes may or may not be worth considering.  The crab legs on occasion are just bad.  At times, I have wondered if they were left over from Sunday brunch.  And when I asked for a freshly made tortilla (per the sign that says "made to order"), I was directed to the ones sitting in a basket that were already stale on the edges.  Really?  The guy manning the station was doing NOTHING.  While there are days WHB is nearly a 5-star visit, those days are becoming further and further between.  We used to eat here almost weekly, but have dropped to maybe monthly because of the inconsistency in quality.  It's become a "we have to eat now" situation, and usually not worth the $45-$60 price tag for dinner for two.
5	Stopped back in here for the Lunch Buffet today with Mike C. & Robyn N. & I'm happy to report that this place is still TERRIFIC!  The food choices vary some from day to day, so just come.  You're sure to find enough things you love to leave raving about how good it was!     :-))Lunch Buffet:  $13.95
3	If you've ever wondered whether or not there's a super secret clubhouse where all the mega-fatties of the world converge, well wonder no more.It's here, at the Wandering Horse Buffet.Wandering Horse is the perfect place for the budding type 2 diabetic with its many high calorie presentations at each of the various ethnic stations. At WH, you'll be hard pressed to find something you don't like.The dessert station is even better.An island oasis in the middle of the serving room, the counters are multi-tiered, meaning there are probably close to three or four hundred types of desserts featured. A dessert for every man, woman, child, and living creature known to the planet!On this day, I posted up next to one of the entrances of the serving room and watched as people rushed back to their seats with three and four plates of desserts in each hand. Fucking amazing.I wish I had the metabolism to be able to eat like them and not feel like Jaba the Hut afterwards, but sadly, I don't.Big props to our server who apparently thought I was invisible, only filling my water glass once. But in her defense, I totally get it. Compared to some of those behemoths in there, I can see where she'd gloss over someone as skinny as me in favor of pampering them...this so they don't take a bite out of her by mistake while in their feeding frenzy.
5	Wooow This buffet puts the 'edible' in incredible. Came in during the Sunday dinner buffet for $22 (minus $4 for spending some time in the poker room). Was worth every penny.. Allow me to walk you through what went down:  Started things off with a full plate of fat and juicy chilled raw oysters with lemon/cocktail/horseradish and a bowl of creamy tomato soup.  Next up was a bit of a taster as I plated a scoop of Korean beef (tasty with a kick but not worth a second go), two saucy duck drumsticks (very delicious), and several steamed shrimp shao-mai ('lightest' tasting I've had of these, five sufficed) from the Asian stir fry section. A quick reconnaissance of the Southwestern corner where I picked up some..meh tasting steak/pork medallions and finally to the center grill station for a grilled pork chop and broccolini spear.. This pork chop could have been THE BEST chop I have ever tasted - the thick, sweet n' savory onion/carrot reduction really blew me away.  Boom, on to the next one while the Patriots and Broncos move into the 3rd quarter almost neck and neck.. I attack the seafood section again, this time its smoked salmon with a scoop of fresh guacamole and a pile of plump cocktail shrimp with lemon and cocktail sauce...Ohh and why not throw on another one of those great pork chops.  Mmm, no reason to slow down now - on to round four! This time I shoot for the freshly hand-carved prime rib with hollandaise sauce and two steamy fried cod fillets with tartar sauce... Just a wee bit more smoked salmon and - you guessed it by now - just one mo' dem pork chops.  Head spinning, Broncos pull ahead into the fourth with a dominating lead.. Dessert time!- Creme bulee x2- Blueberry and raspberry tarts- freshly made chocolate filled crepe with strawberry sauce- ice cream/gelato sampler - scoop each of: coconut, banana with peanut topping, blood orange, cookies n cream with few extra oreos- peanut-butter chocolate creme cake- banana foster (by request - made to order)...  Believe it or not, I went back in but something told me to stop else I slip into a food-induced coma.  tl;dr: wtttffff are you waiting for - try it out for yourself!
4	definitely above average American buffet. reasonable price. generally fresh food and lots of dessert options~!
4	I'm not generally a big buffet person, but I can handle them from time to time for breakfast or brunch (not so much for lunch or dinner), so when I was in town for Thanksgiving I stopped in here with my dad, brother-in-law, & nephew the Friday after turkey day, and I gotta say this is a pretty solid spot.My (older & retired) parents have begun coming here for breakfast once every two weeks or so because they love a good deal, and at $9.95 (Mon thru Fri...it's more on weekends) it's hard to beat this place. Some highlights include the omelet station (where they will also make you sunny side up eggs or fresh scrambled eggs if you're like me and are kind of picky about eating eggs that aren't fresh), the area where they do a lot of Mexican style breakfast food including mini breakfast burritos with chorizo, and the pastry/baked good area. I was actually VERY impressed with the baked goods, which I got the impression were baked fresh right there in the kitchen (if they weren't, they fooled me). I had a chocolate chip scone as well a sticky bun, and they both rivaled pastries you would get at a fancy shmancy bakery. Of course Wandering Horse also has all the other typical breakfasty items you would expect to find at a buffet (sausage, bacon, hash browns, hot/cold cereal, fruit, etc...) and it's all good. What's also nice is that the price tag includes drinks like OJ, coffee & milk. I also noticed there is a bar in the dining room area where I'm guessing you can grab mimosas and Bloody Mary's.One minor complaint I do have is that the service is kind of slow (and quite frankly...not friendly). It wasn't all that crowded when we were there and they were a little slow with drinks. Overall, Wandering Horse is a solid breakfast buffet and I'd come back!
3	Our Holiday Office party dinner was at the Wandering Horse Buffet.  We had over 20 people at our table.  The staff was very attentive and helpful however, seemed to be in a rush at times to clear the table with plates when some where still eating.  The selection of foods was bigger than expected! Kind of an international selection, from Mexican, Asian and Mediterranean.  However, the two main proteins were duck and chicken which was really odd.  The duck was dry.   I was looking forward to the scallops that everyone had mentioned. No scallops.  The oysters were still attached to the shell which made it hard to eat.  Nothing really stood out as to why you would go here over other places.  Except that there is a huge selection of options and it's about $26.  Even the fried rice was bland.  I would try it again for the brunch but it wouldn't be my first choice when taking friends and family to.
5	Took a friend here tonight for the Christmas Eve buffet. All the food I tried was fresh and very good overall. I had fresh oysters on the half shell, lobster claws, king crab legs, American Kobe beef steak, baked halibut, veal oscar, lamb chop, panang curry shrimp, smoked salmon,. a spoonful of very good guacamole. and a small bowl of seafood chowder.  The crab and the lobster claws were fresh and really excellent, as were the oysters. I really liked the veal oscar and had a second piece. The kobe beef was good but I have had better, still excellent for a buffet though. The halibut was good and the smoked salmon was very good. Lamb chop and the seafood chowder were ok. The panang curry was really excellent. After eating all this I was too stuffed to try the desserts. Have to go back again to try the cheesecake. Overall my friend was very happy and I really enjoyed the food so it was a great evening. Cost was $35 a person plus drinks if you order liquor. I stuck with ice tea but my friend had a drink and she said it was very good. Service could not have been any better, pushing on fantastic for a buffet. Had to wait about 20 minutes to get a table but it was worth it. I'll be back again!!
4	I am not a big gambler, in fact I came only for the buffet.  I heard great things about the buffet so I thought it was time to give it a try.It was $21 a person with a drink: tea, soda, water.  Not a bad price for a buffet.  Especially considering the food was above average buffet.  I did enjoy rare prime rib, turkey with gravy, mash potatoes, scalloped potatoes, and plenty of duck dishes. Duck pot stickers, duck drumsticks with a great glaze, and duck with a breading.  I enjoyed plenty of duck to get rid of any craving I had for the meat within the last few months. I also noted seafood lo mein, pasta with a basil sauce, sirloin steak, and many deserts.  I noted cheesecake, chocolate cake, and a decent ice cream selection.  Please note this is not as large as a Vegas style buffet.  I also can say it is not as big as a Home-style Buffet.  It does offer higher end food however so It is worth it to sample flavorful cuisine at a decent price.
1	Kudos to the omelette maker and the waitress! However, I'm not sure why it was so difficult for four hostesses to find me a decent table. Overall the food was okay, not that great of a selection for $30 per person though......the bread table had a great display, but was inevitably just there for looks and stale. I'm a vegetarian and tend to look for healthier options like fruit and a nice salad bar which was not offered.I don't recommend this place at all. The cigarette smell from the casino seriously kills the appetite.
5	best casino buffet - Friday and Saturday Kobe Beef Steak and King Crab Legs
5	It was back to Wandering Horse here yesterday, this time joined by Robyn N., Norm R., & Arlin B.  As it has always been for me, everything was just terrific!  - Still think this is ONE OF THE TOP BUFFETS IN ARIZONA, with its stylish atmosphere & great food, served from a menu that changes enough from one visit to the next to keep things interesting!Many of the dishes served here may have you saying, "This is the best __________ I have ever tasted!!     :-))Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet $13.95/Kids 5-12 $8
5	What a deal, $13.95 per adult and $8.00 per child at lunch.  11-3 Monday-Saturday.  We enjoyed the lunch pricing and enjoyed a $47 bill for 2 adults and 2 kids.  What a great lunch.  Where else you going to eat for such a low price and eat white truffle oil infused ravioli, duck pot stickers, duck legs, prime rib with Au Jus sauce, mash potatoes and gravy, shrimp, oysters, scallop low mien, pistachio gelato , cheese cake, apple pie, banana cream pie, and plenty of other deserts that I could no longer look at.  Delicious calories waiting for me to fill my belly.  Seriously I almost ate all of that at lunch.  This buffet totally blew my diet and it should with so many great items on the menu you should find something that you will like.  In fact you should like it to the point that you will have to loosen you belt a notch to make room.  This could be the best buffet in Arizona, I have to agree with Rand H. on that one.
5	Top of the line buffet. It rivals some of the best in Vegas. We've been there for lunch, dinner, and Sunday Brunch. All were great. The lunch buffet was a great price ($13.95), for a fabulous spread. Dinner was delicious as well ($20.95 week days). The real star is Sunday Brunch . Mimosas or Bloody Mary's including in the $27.95 price tag.They have a salad bar, international offerings, an omelet station, spicy boar bacon (family members love this!),  cheeses and antipasto, pizza, pastas, an array of desserts, and a full gelato bar. It's beautiful, it's clean, fresh and out of this world!
3	C+ is the grade I  am giving the Wandering Horse Buffe at Talking Stick Resort. The "+" is for the excellent service. The C is for the average quality of the food despite its vast selection.Furthermore, I disagree with some of the other reviews that this buffet rivals some of the best in Las Vegas...as that could not be further from the truth. I thought the quality was just okay, and some of the displays looked downright unappetizing especially some of the Asian selection..$ 27.95 per person excluding gratuity may seem like a bargain for a Sunday brunch buffet but I can't say I was blown away or anything. It was my first visit there and I guess I expected more. The service made quite a difference in the overall experience as I must say that Faye was wonderful and did not miss a beat in keeping us happy and kept the champagne coming (three glasses per person maximum).The dining room was quite busy however and I assume The Wandering Horse Buffet is a popular destination for Sunday brunch. In conclusion, I was not impressed hence my rating of three stars.
3	I came here for the breakfast club yesterday and I was pretty happy with the choice of venue. The food didn't blow my mind or anything but it was pretty good for a buffet. And you can't go wrong with all-you-can-eat for only $10. The best part was the dessert; they had a surprising amount of pastries. I tried a doughnut that was delicious and tasted fresh made. Apparently the cheesecake was also very good. I have heard dinner is even better so I look forward to trying that as well, probably with my mom since she loves casinos.
5	I love buffets!  One of the main reasons I go to Vegas is for the buffets.  Wandering Horse is the closest to a Vegas buffet but at less then half the price.My daughter chose to go here for her birthday.  My husband takes a look at the prices for lunch online and is shocked.  It was $8.95 for kids and $13.95 for adults.  Wow!  That's a deal!They have a good variety of food to try.  I loved the bbq duck legs.  Yum!  The dessert bar was wonderful! The kids love the gelato and so do I!  But my favorite dessert was the chocolate chip cookies.If you are dining on a budget and want good variety, this is the place!
5	Plate 1: Chocolate donut, strawberries, blue berries, blackberries, pineapple, orange, grapefruit, 2 pork egg rolls, a maple bar and a yoplait yogurt.Plate 2: steak, sausage, bacon and icecream.Beverages: Water, orange juice, coffee and a diet coke.Servers and bussers: SUPERB!Cost: $9.99+tip on Saturday morning...AMAZING!So obviously I am not going to become known for my food pairings, but the point is they have all kinds of stuff to meet anybody's desires at the Wandering Horse Buffet.  I think I only tried about 1/4th of all the options available!  It also all seemed very fresh.  The donuts even seemed to be made fresh in house as opposed stale ones that have been sitting around and sourced from somewhere else.  The fruit bar was my favorite.  I was too stuffed for the Mexican breakfast bar and cereal bar, but they also looked appetizing.   I am not really a buffet person, but I definitely left fat and happy!  If you leave this buffet hungry, it is your own fault.
4	Its Sat morning and the kick off for The Breakfast Club UYE, I had picked Wandering Horse because I have wanted to try there breakfast buffet for months now.Got there about 8:45ish and saw many friendly yelper faces that made to the The Breakfast Club UYE, made me smile, thank you everyone, it was a great dinning experience!When I walked into the area of the food, let me tell you, its overwhelming, you may have had one idea of what you wanted to get, but then your eyes see so many other possibilities and that made your 1st choice seem lame.  I had heard that the breakfast buffet has eggs benedict, but come to find out that's only for the Sunday brunch one, liltte sad about that, because I am a huge fan of hollandaise sauce, love that stuff!! I tried the omelets, hash browns, bacon, waffles & pancakes even the gelato and I have to say everything was just delicious, made me sad that I was full, because there was so much more I wanted to try :)Service was good and for 9.99 plus tip, it's a good bang for my buck! I will be coming back for sure!
4	A bit more than your typical casino buffet.Firstly, its hidden towards the north end of the main casino floor before the lobby w/ elevators to 270 Degrees.The line moved pretty quickly when we were here: 8:30 on a rainy Sat morning. The seating in this place is very lux for a buffet. And theres plenty of it: both tables w/ chairs and booths. Theres a nice patio and view out the floor to ceiling windows at the north side of the dining room. It looks like theres a small bar here as well, but it wasnt open during our visit. The actual buffet room is smaller than a lot of other ones Ive seen, but has a great selection of items. Fruit and breakfast items including slab pepper bacon. Chinese and Mexican items, plenty of breakfast pastries, and cakes/pies. An omelet station (theyre large), and a gelato station (they give you a melon ball sized scoop). The food was pretty good. Id say the omelet was the best thing I had. our waitresses were very attentive at first. There was a 45 minute period where we couldnt find anyone for water or coffee refills though.Overall, a decent breakfast at a decent price ($9.95 on Sat morning, all you can eat).
4	De do do do de da da daIs all I can eat with youDe do do do de da da daJust keep stuffing my face and I'll pull throughDe do do do de da da daIs all I can say to youDe do do do de da da daThere's so many food and that is true!(Lyrics - Sting & Police - De do do do de da da da)Wondering Horse Buffet is not your typical buffet around the valley.  They definitely have an edge on their competition.  Fresh seafood like king crab legs, shrimp cocktails, and oysters!  Yummy!  They also have hand cut prime rib and something strange, but very good -- pork belly slices!  So good and so wrong haha!  Along with my favorites, they have a plethora of cuisines from different regions.  Mexican, Asian, and Italian dishes spread across the buffet room, while a wood burning grill bakes up some fresh pizza.  My favorite in the buffet room is the dessert right dead center of the place.  The little cheesecakes, strawberry shortcakes, and brownies look so good you wouldn't want to eat it.  Nicely crafted into small figurine like statues; they're a work of art!The place itself is very nice.  Great overview of what heard is to become a shopping center and pool area.  Wandering Horse Buffet is far back in the casino so might as well play your luck after a great dinner! - Cheers!
5	Upon the upcoming of a 2nd The Breakfast Club UYE, I realized I did not write the rave review of the last one as I intended. The mind get's a little slippery with age I suppose!I for one have never been a breakfast person but this was an opportunity to hang out with some Yelp friends and make new ones too, met at The Wandering Horse Buffet at the Talking Stick Resort & Casino. All you can eat and drink for $10.00 sounded like a great deal to me.The food was fabulous! Where else can you get any breakfast food you desire from fruit & yogurt, eggs made to order, fresh cut bacon,fresh pastries, with the baker making them onsite, the list goes on and on. Then to my surprise food of the Asian Persuasion for breakfast, I was in heaven! As if the first two plates of food wasn't enough, I decided that hey if you can have dessert after dinner and lunch why not have it after breakfast?I had melt in your mouth gelato, a small scoop of pistachio, salted caramel, and caramel cookie crunch, soooooooo good! I can hardly wait to go back, taking my Aunt when she comes to town and sweat pants!  Wandering Horse definitely converted me into a breakfast person! Thanks Monica for setting up an awesome UYE and choosing the best breakfast place in town!
4	Overall,  good buffet selection.  Went there on Valentine's day craving for some seafood buffet.  They served complimentary champagne and unlimited lobster claws that night. The line was long but it was  worth the wait.  Asian dishes could be improved, I think.
3	I had the chance to enjoyed a nice lunch with Yelp Buffet King Rand H, along with Robyn N, Mike C, Norm R and Ursula D. Our group had a fun time sharing stories and getting to know each other. The food was a bit uneven, though good. The best was the Tangerine Chicken (chunks of white breast meat), their Carving Station (Sirloin Tri-tip) and the Gelato (Caramel Chip). All would rate a Four Star if judged individually and the rest was "A-OK". In the end, I wanted to like this place more than I did, given its upscale nature, and almost Las Vegas like Buffet features. I've cheated a little, giving them Four Stars for effort, but only Three Stars on execution.  Given YELP'S Rating Distribution Trend graph, Wandering Horse is off their game and in the Three/Four Star range after a solid opening.I agree with friends and fellow Yelpers, Monica J, Pepper T, Heather C and Aileen B that Wandering Horse is good, but it could be better.  The tab came to $15.20 including taxes, but before gratuities.Like I said, it's Three Stars, A-OK.
4	My friend and I decided to head over for Sunday Brunch. I've been to the buffet once before and had a good experience. He had not been there before. The line to get in wasn't too bad. It moved quickly. Our waitress was friendly. There was a good variety of food; mexican, asian, italian, seafood. We both really enjoyed the prime rib and lamb chops. I love that they have gelato for dessert. My friend and I both left satisfied. We will be back.
4	Went there for lunch today. Not many items but what they DID have was delicious. I was hoping for a larger selection, at least a fraction of a Vegas buffet since it IS a casino. Anyway, they had great fresh pizza with handmade mozz, tri-tip, pork belly, hunan shrimp, apricot stilton cheese, asparagus, Thai spring rolls, wontons, lots of desserts. Too many desserts. Way to keep America obese. Again I expected more of a selection for a casino buffet but everything was quality and service was nice. $15.20 total before tip for weekday lunch. No wow factor here but the pizza was scrumptious and cheesy.
3	Wow! What has happened to the Wandering Horse? I have been a regular since they opened, and have always thought the food was far above other buffets in the Phoenix area. I took a 3 month hiatus to travel, and returned this evening to a very disappointing experience. The quality of the food was nothing that even approaches the quality previously. The presentation was poorly done, and sloppy.
4	This is the go-to place for Sunday brunch.  Great selection of fresh seafood from king crab legs, oyster, large peeled shrimp, smoked salmon and etc.  Prime rib and wild boar bacon are amazing.  The seafood risotto is usually pretty good and made fresh in small batch.  Decent selections of deserts.A good place to go for Easter or Mother's day brunch.  Go early to avoid the line.Just under $30 pp.  It's on par with the best of Vegas buffet.Very family friendly.
4	Quality Buffett. Go for Sunday brunch if you want the good stuff.
3	Sadly, this place is starting to slip.Maybe the issue is going for the Saturday lunch buffet - when I clearly should hold out for Sunday. But the quality and selection just doesn't seem to hold up to the experience here the first couple of years they were open.The smoked salmon is still phenomenal. The gelato is still a great touch to the dessert selection. And everything else was perfectly average.There was nothing wrong with the food. It is still fresh and constantly replenished. But there are far fewer choices at the cheese station. No peel and eat shrimp or fresh  oysters. (I had both breaded and fried - but was really hoping for cold.) The pork roast was OK. The turkey looked dry. I didn't have any of the offerings from the Mexican food area. I used to feel overwhelmed at how amazing every offering here was.Now it just feels like a normal AZ casino buffet.Nothing wrong with it, most in my party seemed to enjoy their meals.And, when it comes down to it, the company was fantastic, I won some money in the casino, and I got to break bread with people I love.If only they up the standards on the food and selection again - I'd be more than happy to add another star. They used to be worth it, and I hope they will be again.
5	OMG! is all have to say, Went on a Thrusday for dinner, they had all I needed and wanted! Oysters on a shell. Peeled fresh Shrimp, Variety of delicious soups, Scallops!. Desert were AMAZING!!!! = ]
2	We ate here on a Friday night. Food was ok, everything was just ok. The lobster claws and crab legs were good. They are cold, so if you are a fan of hot lobster you can have them reheat them, the crab legs are split in half (bonus) but you can't really reheat those. The Kobe beef was good, but small pieces. I think the brunch is must better than the dinner. The deserts seemed to be of the high end premade frozen type. The staff behind the buffet appeared to be upset when they had to replenish  the food. Oh we'll, we won't be back for dinner, but probably for breakfast.
5	Everything was delicious!!! The primerib was to die for!! I needed a bigger stomach. The waiter was johnny on the spot for everything! Everything tasted so fresh. It was better than most buffet's I've been to in vegas and just about one of the best one's I've ever been to. Don't pass up!
3	Great brisket and smoked salmon, the fish adobado wasn't bad either and calamari was tasty but it is pick and choose.  The pizza did not look good but many items were fresh.For the price of nearly $25 per person (incl tax) that makes it costly for a Casino meal.  I was hoping for Prime Rib at that price but the brisket was exceptionally tender so somebody spent a lot of time setting up the slow roasting to do that.Not sure if I'd do it again when the deli is much more reasonable and the patrons are a bit more civilized - got elbowed out of the smoked salmon line by a young Asian gentleman that stepped in and cut the line.
5	We just came here yesterday for lunch and still full today.We were a group of 6. We wanted to take my Mother for an  Early Mothers Day. Since my girlfriend has to work on that day. Anyway, this is very much like a Vegas style Hotel ,and it was packed. Everyone gambleing on the Wednesday afternoon.The Buffet was nice,although there was a party in there of about 26 people who thought they were the only ones in the place. After they left it was clam.The resturant is very clean,nice dining area. Our server was very attentive.He refilled our drinks many times and was always coming by.The choices are good. Lots of fruit and cheese,salads of all sorts.Mexican, chinese, and meats and potaoes. Lots of choices.Gelato was amazing. cakes and pies, Berry tarts.I always over eat at this type of Buffet.it is a really nice place to go with a nice view from the dining area. We had arrived about 1:45 so the girl did come up about 2:45 and tell us it would be closing in 15 min and to make our final selections for food. That was nice as well. They did add the tip on the bill in the beginning ,I am sure because,there was 6 of us.
4	Either I was REALLY hungry or that buffet was very good. The macaroons are insane.
2	We went for Mothers day buffet and menu sounded great. Prime Rib had no taste, Shrimp was mushy, food was cold. Crab legs also mushy and no taste. Overall this is the worst Mothers day buffet we have been to. Also a party of six was charged 20% tip without telling me prior to charging.
3	Went for the dinner buffet with a friend last week.  The cost was $20 pp, and not atrocious, but the buffet was similar to other higher end buffets for a little less money, especially since they ought to subsidize the food from the gambling revenues.  There were some decent things on the menu -- prime rib, smoked salmon, and some other things, but the Chinese food selection was pretty bad.  They had some deep fried stuff too -- the shrimp and scallops were good, but the "crab rangoon" was a little yucky.  All-in-all, I think it was OK, but a little pricey.
3	Food is fresh and well prepared. Service is friendly but do not speak English well. Atmosphere is nonexistent... Like a cafeteria. Smoke smell drifted into the room. The view from the window seats is awesome.
5	I love their selection of food. There's a wide variety for whatever mood you're in. I lean more towards their seafood section. I've taken several of my friends here and they all love it.  Their desserts are awesome too. The keylime pie and the bread pudding are my favorite.
3	**** Brunch Buffet review:I would best describe this as a wanna-be Bellagio Las Vegas buffet but missing the mark. The items are extensive and very well stocked. Service is decent but the quality that i have gotten from Las Vegas buffets just doesnt quite do it here. The best part: The dessert station rocks!!!! Especially the only Gelato station in any buffet I have ever seen. Great diabetic friendly desserts as well.
4	great buffet with lots of selections and the options have been plentiful along with a good price (especially if you aren't going on Saturday night or Sunday brunch - The price almost doubles).
4	Yes, I love buffets, especially great ones. This one in Scottsdale, basically within 20 minutes of home is shockingly good.  I went there on a Friday night yesterday for dinner before a concert. They had Asian, Mexican, Seafood, American, Cold Deli, Hot soups, Hot rotisserie meats, stunning variety of desserts, even some sugar free, Gelato. I had 2 heaping plates with chow main, duck, lamb, beef wellington, lobster claws, crab legs, grouper, cod, shrimp, shu mai,clam chowder, won ton soup.  So much more I wanted to try but wanted to be able to walk out :)  For dessert, I had a fruit tart, berry trifle and berry layer cake.  All good.  And they all stayed in my tummy.  I was satisfied and more.  It was worth the $ and a splurge.  I had good service. They added gratuity when you paid so it was convenient if you didn't have cash. I would return.  the only con is the allowance of smoking inside the casino so if I went into the restroom, smokers would exit.
1	Always wanted to try this Buffet.. Went to dinner before the Boz Scaggs Concert.. No wonder the Horses wondered- I wish we did.. Let me say first off that the service is excellent and I just wish the food was the same.  We were not there on a Prime Rib night and that might have changed our experience. Their Carving Station was, Lamb, Beef Wellington and a Pork Steam Ship. None were eatable.. The Lamb was blood rare and they carved it in chucks-- tasteless and way too rare for Lamb.. The Beef Wellington was like pot roast- overcooked and tasted as though they made it in the Microwave...Then there was the Pork Steamship which we didn't try because it was all dried up and shredding like an eagle had gotten to it before the Chef did.. Horrible looking! No one on line took it and the comments were all very negative..The salad bar is very limited.compared to other buffets... the tomatoes were tasteless and some looked spoiled.. I will tell you that the Pizza was delicious!  The cookies were tasteless and the mini eclairs had a freezer burn...The Pies were good and the ice cream...  The little Buffet at the Radisson Ft McDowell is so much better- not a very pretty room but the salad bar is fresh with an incredible variety of cheeses, olives, artichoke hearts etc.. Their food is excellent... .. I had a stomach ache for two days after..   I can't tell you how disappointed we were...Go there to the Red Rock Buffet so much better for the price!!!
3	As buffet's go this is a little hit or miss. The brisket is phenomenal, I really enjoyed the potatoes and gravy and the wide array of desserts. I wish there had been a better salad selection but overall it was tasty.
3	I work in Scottsdale a few miles away from Talking Stick Resort.  My coworkers and I go to the Wandering Horse Buffet in Talking Resort occasionally to eat.  Our appearances for lunch have been less and less as of late.  Mainly because of their stupid tipping policy.At the Wandering Horse Buffet, tips are included for 18% for parties of 6 or more.  This sounds like normal restaurant procedure...except that the lunch buffet servers only take orders for drinks and only refill your drinks.  They don't even take your plates away (the busboys do that).  You get your own food from the buffet and carry it over to your table.When you enter the restaurant with 5 friends and pay your $15 buffet price, you are sometimes told about the 18% tip (many times it just silently shows up on the bill).  In the times when the cashier asks if an 18% is OK and respond with "No," is when I get rolled eyes, dramatic sighs, and sideways glances to the other waitresses who fold their arms and look away.  It's a guilt trip every time and I find myself suggesting the buffet for a lunch destination less and less often.I understand requiring a tip for servers who take orders, carry plates, return plates, bring coffee, take the dessert order, bring dessert, close the bill, take credit cards, return cards, etc.  All the servers at Wandering Horse do is bring drinks.  A mandatory 18% tip that requires a fight at the cashier to get removed is ridiculous.The food is hit or miss and a little expensive, but the tipping policy at Wandering Horse Buffet kills the experience for me.  If they don't fix it, then I'll be wandering somewhere else for lunch.
5	I rue the day we ever met Wandering Horse.I was once young and beautiful, even handsome by some standards.Not now. Not today. Today I'm a wretched ogre of a human, a jackal of sorts.One whose eating habits, more traditionally, the 'chewing' of ones food, has now been supplanted by a more efficient process; mastication, and it's all your fault.It's true. Thanks to Wandering Horse, I don't simply eat food anymore, I devour it. Waiting at least five minutes after being seated so as to not appear the grievous sort I've become, this as my salivary glands rev, I pretend to be cool. I'm not. Five minutes are up. Time to pounce.Salads, breads or appetizers have no place in my digestive tract. These only create digestive confusion and, slow my consumption of the big ticket items. I lock onto the grilled meat and seafood.Go time. Most, if not all of the lobster claws in the shellfish section. Gone.Kobe prime steaks, never tasted a one, but I inhaled six. (They're small, don't judge me).And the cherrystone clams in garlic pesto....what garlic, what pesto? Those rubbery little fucks were little more than a distraction while plotting my next moves. The dessert station.The dessert station is located in the center of the buffet, a thirty foot oval where two tiers of tiny little plates abound, and atop them...every imaginable dessert creation. But I don't fall for the tiny dessert plate trick. They exist for for a reason.Management is smart. They know I can only hold a couple of these plates at best, forcing return trips.Well fuck that. I've got a better plan.First, I locate one of the largest dinner plates from the entree section I can find.Next, I don't think about whether or not I want to try something. Hell no. I try one of everything because it just feels right. And besides, I have the right tool for the job with this big plate. I begin loading my big plate by spilling the contents of the tiny plates onto it. "Aren't you the least bit embarrassed?" my wife sputters. Fuck no, I'm not embarrassed.If anyone should be embarrassed, it's Wandering Horse's management for this conniving little curveball...forcing me to make several walk 'o shame trips with a small, hard to handle dessert plate. I begin racing around the oval station like it's the Indy 500, lapping the slow-moving, indecisive dessert-goers, (my wife included) and in the process, dumping at least one of everything onto the big plate. A move that shockingly, earned me the respect of the staff.After my first full lap, the staff, stationed inside the dessert oval actually began to assist by following me, relieving me of the tiny dessert plates as quickly as I could spill their contents onto my dessert trough.A big five stars for the dessert staff for keeping up with me on my frenzy. You guys rock.Now....if only there were a dark cave where I could slip into... an enclave... a retreat from society where I can savor the spoils of my toils. PS. All of this, including the ensuing sugar-high from the dessert racetrack for only $26.95. Every ogre's dream.
3	Quick tip -- I would save your dollars, and use it towards a better fresher, cooked to order meal at one of the casino's other restaurants.Being spoiled by the food and numerous buffets in the greater San Francisco area, I found this casino buffet to be not all that great for the price I paid at dinner time.For $26+ I kind of expected some crustaceans and perhaps sushi, but after thinking about the location, I do realize Arizona is not surrounded by any huge bodies of water, but then again, neither is Vegas and I do recall eating some decent seafood at Vegas buffets for a lot less.For Asian international fair, they had panda express food.  For their pasta selection, it was pesto pasta (meatless, and probably could have found that at Soup Plantation) and cheese ravioli.  For the carving station, it was brisket and something else that didn't look too good to try.Their skillet potatoes were mushy, there was no prime rib, the steaks shouldn't have even been a buffet choice since they don't do too well sitting around, and their salmon is awefully dry.I found myself endulging on the desserts (lots of pudding pie in all different flavors), steamed veggies, and the mexican food that is not worth $26+.I actually thoroughly enjoyed my Famous Daves meal like 5 times more than this joint, during my stay here in Arizona.
4	Visited about a month ago for lunch on Saturday. Got here slightly before 11.30, short line, but it was already pretty full inside. Shortly after we were seated, the line got longer and we could see people waiting for tables near the entrance. Food is pretty good but most are pretty average. They got the usual pizza (quite a few varieties), pasta, carving station, mexican, chinese, dessert stations. Good variety of desserts with nice presentation but mostly just taste ok. Overall, we were pretty pleased with the selection and the taste and for the price and for a casino buffet in the valley. It is no Vegas buffet, but this is not Vegas either.
4	The Breakfast Club UYE was back at Wandering Horse Buffett again! Guess we cannot get enough of this place! Since our last visit in Jan, this has been the most talked about place, and we have been eating breakfast all over the valley the few months!  We met up on a Sat morning at 8am,,,oh lord was that early for me, but it was the perfect time, it allowed us to eat, socializing and well eat some more!The food was amazing, I always wonder if a place would live up to the 1st experience you had, and well Wondering Horse does, this is a really great breakfast buffet, it has everything you can think of, and more. I caught out of the corner of my eye a huge bowl of fresh blueberries, my hands were already full, but I wanted to take the blueberries with me!! haha  I tried breakfast potatoes, more like potatoes Obrien with fresh peppers and onions, a breakfast burrito, BACON!!!, waffle, chicken chow mien, fried rice, egg rolls, danish, donut, salted caramel gelato, coffee chocolate chip gelato, raspberry gelato , oh and coffee and orange juice haha.  Everything was perfectly pleasing!If you haven't been to the Wandering Horse Breakfast buffet, go and give it a try!
4	Was here again for the 7th Breakfast Club UYE. I was here in January for the 1st Breakfast Club of the year but that was pre Yelp times for me. That was long long long ago in the before times.I have to say this Buffet is very close to perfect. Lots of food and lots of choices. Pretty much everything you can imagine for breakfast including some Chinese food thrown in. Fruit, cereal, pastries, omelet bar which is the best, BACON, sausage, hashbrowns, breakfast potatoes, fresh cut right in front of you peppered bacon, even Gelato.My only real complaint is that they don't have just regular buttermilk pancakes. They have whole wheat pancakes or they have nuts in them or something. Still good but I would love some regular buttermilk pancakes. I would even take blueberry pancakes.For $10 you really can't beat it. Breakfast Club always has great people at it and good conversations going on. Even for 8 am in the morning this had the biggest turn out so far. If you haven't been to a Breakfast Club you should come out.Go here for breakfast on Friday and Saturday when it is only $10 and stuff yourself. You will not be disappointed.
5	I usually go for lunch so that's what my review reflects.I love it, awesome selection and everything is really good.  Not necessarily fantastic, but really good with a nice variety.In any review, price is a factor.  Normally price costs stars, because it's not hard to find good food if you pay a lot for it.  In this case, they gain the 5th star because it's an exceptional value for what you pay,
4	We came for breakfast on a Friday 45 minutes after opening. The buffet is in a casino. You have your choice of valet parking, parking garage or self parking. You have to walk through the casino to get to the buffet, a clever marketing scheme for potential slots addicts. There were only a couple people here at this time so we were seated immediately at a table of our choice. The dining area was separate from the buffet so it had the feel of a formal dining room rather than a cafeteria. They had a wet bar on one end of the dining area near the buffet.   The buffet had a nice selection of pastries, fruit and cereal. The hot dished included several kinds of breakfast potatoes and meats. There were the fixins to make eggs ranchero and many other breakfast standards. They had about 10 different kinds of gelato to finish off the meal. The food was a good quality and tasty. I did however think the O'Brian potatoes were a little greasy. This is a place I will take visitors to for a local experience as it's not a casual dining venue. I want to try the dinner buffet as it sounds fantastic according to the menu, but the $26.00 price sounds a pricy.
4	I have been here twice now. Once for dinner and once for breakfast. Both were great. I had good service with both a small and large party. Drink refils were plentiful. The food was all tasty...Some of my favorites were the oysters at dinner, the gelato (and yes I had gelato for breakfast!) the breakfast asian food selection was good as well since I am not really that much of a breakfast person! All the stations all seem to be filled quickly when they are getting low and there is a good selection of main items, desserts, fruit, etc. Solid buffet with good staff working hard!
4	The Wandering Horse Buffet is a very good non-Vegas buffet.  We came here on a Friday night.  On weekends, starting Friday nights, the price of the buffet is $26.95.  For children between 5 -12, the price of the buffet is $14.  The food is good for a casino buffet not located in Vegas.  The food is separated by sections.  Starting from the far left as you walk in is the seafood station.  The seafood consists of Alaskan King crab legs, Lobster claws, mussels, and clams with a pesto sauce.  Most of the seafood was pretty good.  They have a carving station.  On the night that we were there, they had a leg of lamb, beef wellington, and a pork roast. The leg of lamb was dry.  The wellington was soggy, but, the meat was pretty good.  The pork looked ugly, but, it actually had a good smoky taste to it.  They had a grilling station where they cooked Kobe sirloin steaks and vegetables.  The Mexican and Asian station didn't look good, so I skipped both of these.   They also had a salad bar, different cheeses and sliced meats.  None of which I tried.  But, it did look good.For dessert, they had a dessert station with about 10 different flavored gelatos.   They also make crepes and bananas foster.  All manned by an impatient Chinese (Mandarin) woman.  She must've been lonely because she started speaking to me in Chinese.  It wasn't until I started conversing with her that her impatient attitude changed.  Our waitress was pretty good.  She did a pretty good job clearing our plates, and kept our cups filled.  The only interesting thing all night were the fighters that came in here to eat.   There were going to have some kind of tournament in the hotel.  Some of them looked pretty rough.Overall, it was a good experience with good food and good service.  Definitely would be back if we went to Scottsdale again.
4	At about $20, the Wandering Horse Buffet is properly priced for what it is.  Housed in a pleasant setting just off the Talking Stick Casino on your way to the Hotel, the buffet can sometimes be crowded (I'm told) but was not on a weekday evening at dinner time.  Nor were there lineups at the food stations.As for the food itself, there is substantial variety and also great variation in quality.  Some of it is very good (orange duck legs), some of it reasonable good (steamed shrimp), and some of it almost inedible.  As at most buffets, the trick is to start with little tastes of a lot of things and then return for the best stuff.The desserts are plentiful and attractive but, again, there is a great variation in quality.  The key lime pie had no lime flavor, but the lemon merangue tart was just about as good as it gets.  They also have top-of-the-line Talenti gelatos.Because it is a buffet, the fact that there are poor food itemsis not very important because you can avoid them.  In every other way, the Wandering Horse need wander no longer, as far as I am concerned.
4	We had our seventh Breakfast Club UYE "Meeting" here in July . . . And even with an 8AM start time, it was our biggest turnout yet! Lots of people were talking this place up at "past meetings", so my expectations were high. You can't go wrong with $9.99 + tip on a Saturday morning! Pretty much anything you want you can find here. Omelets cooked to order, all your typical breakfast meats, Asian foods, pancakes, biscuits and gravy, fruit, probably missing something here . . . Oh, and gelato. Yes, GELATO. Try the Blood Orange and Salted Caramel flavors. The omelet was perfect, and I really enjoyed the Samosas from the Asian section. Didn't really go crazy, but that's probably a good thing given the workout I had to skip off to immediately after. I'm not a huge buffet person; however, I could see myself coming back.Give Wandering Horse a try!
4	I frequent this place for breakfast often. You can't really get anymore for your money Monday-Saturday if you are looking for a hearty breakfast with lot's of variety. The food is decent in general and I would say it is very good compared to any other buffet. The place is very clean and has a picturesque montain view from most tables. I have been for lunch as well and I am always impressed by the variety and the quality. The kicker for me is the gelato station with all the flavors and fixings. Who else has that, it's really great.
5	I've been to this buffet for breakfast, dinner, and Sunday brunch and I must say, this buffet is legit.Their breakfast is only about 11 bucks including tax and a drink and it's completely worth it!!! There are fresh cooked omelets served the way u like them or sunny side up eggs and tons of meat selections including two choices of bacon, ham, sausages, steak, and even chicken. Then there's salmon and different salsas with a variety of breads.They also have hash browns, country potatoes, biscuits and gravy, French toast and donuts. This might sound odd but there was Chinese food served for breakfast too lol! I love the rice congee! Also for all you healthy eaters, there are fresh berries and oatmeal along with cottage cheese.They even have dessert for breakfast!Dinner is around 22 bucks per person but this includes fresh seafood such as large shrimp cocktails and fresh raw oysters. Prime rib, mashed potatoes, veggies and many more meats r served including a variety of pastas and pizzas and different specialty cheeses. There isn't much seafood though but they have much of the same items from breakfast besides the typical breakfast dishes. Dessert is the best part. Honestly the food is good but it's nothing compared to Vegas buffetsThe brunch includes everything from breakfast and dinner combined. The only difference is that they give u champagne and also have lobster claws and stone crab claws and some sushi and more meats. The crab and lobster claws are not good because they have no flavor and the sushi tastes like you can get it at the supermarket. But I do like all the other foods during brunch. The reason I gave it five stars is because the food is higher quality for AZ and is worth the price because it would be the same price if I were to go to outback for a prime rib dinner so minus well go to an upscale buffet. But this buffet ain't got nothing on the Vegas buffets. If I had to choose between this one and the rio world buffet in Vegas, which is about the same price, I would definitely choose the rio hands down! Obviously the bellagio buffet is way better so I can't compare, especially with the price difference. But for AZ this buffet is worth it to go to and has a nice atmosphere as well as good food and service.
3	Tried the lunch buffet.  The actual food area is quite small compared to the amount of space for tables.  Over all quality was good for what I tried.  They had a Asian Station, various noodles with shrimp, vegetarian etc.  Didn't try any of it, but did try the Wonton Soup and dumplings.  It was tasty.Chicken enchiladas were tasty.  Carving station had tri top and lemon chicken.  Did not try the chicken, but it looked good.  Tri tip was tasty and nice medium rare on the inside.  They also had sirloin steaks that were all well done, but they were happy to grill up a medium rare one for me which was tasty.  Blackend salmon was also tasty, melt in your mouth and not overcooked.Desserts were really good and nice portions.  Meal over all was good.  Sodas, Ice Tea, and Juice was also included.  There is a full bar there too for those interested.3 Stars is because it's $15 with tax, with tip looking at $18 for lunch which is a bit pricey.  Also you pay before hand which makes it difficult to tip. Having to prepay including tip, doesn't allow to give an extra tip based on actual quality of service, which I wanted to do because service was actually pretty good, but alas I couldn't.Will come again, but not that often, $18 gets a really good non buffet lunch at a lot of places.  But if I'm craving a nice carving station protein kinda meal, will come again.
5	Normally, my boyfriend and I eat at Ocean Trail every time we go to Talking Stick because we love it so much, but we have heard great things about the buffet. So, this past weekend while we were staying here, we decided it was time to try it. We went for the dinner buffet ($26 bucks, not super cheap, but whatever). It was delicious! First of all, it's the cleanest buffet I've ever been to. Which is nice, because it takes your mind off of the fact that youre about to eat multiple plates of food and hate yourself for it (is there a way NOT to overdo it at a buffet?). I also like the fact that the buffet part and the dining are are separate so you're not looking at the food the whole time you're there. The food was great. We tried several different things but my favorite was the seafood ravioli in vodka sauce- YUM. Also, i thought the best dessert was the cannolis. Anyway, everything we tried was pretty good and we will definitely return one day when we've forgiven ourselves for how much we ate at dinner on Friday. The lunch and breakfast buffets looked like they were about half the price of the dinner so I definitely want to try them out one day. It would be better if they included unlimited drinks too....I can dream.
5	I have been here several times before. But, we came here on Sunday night for dinner. There was no wait at all . We were seated in a nice table by the window.Which was really nice watching the sun go down.Our server was a really nice lady. She filled our drinks,Hot Tea and Ice Tea many times. They cleared the plates and checked on us a lot.The food, oh yes the food. Oh so good! Every single thing was to die for ,as they say.The fruit was perfect. The meat was just falling apart. Even all the Aisan food was really great. Nothing was dry ,or over cooked, or tasteless.This was like going to a great Wedding in my book.Nice time all the way around. Clean restrooms and plently of covered parking.
5	= =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE MONDAY THRU SATURDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = =Stopped back in here today, joined this time by Teresa S., Jackie C., Robyn N. & Mike C.  As always, this was a great outing and how can you go wrong enjoying THE BEST BUFFET IN ARIZONA??  It's always just terrific, period!     :-))Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet, including soft beverages, $13.95, Kids $8.Hours:  Monday through Thursday 10:30 to 3, Friday & Saturday:  11 to 3.
4	Really a great Buffet Friday is LOBSTER night if you enjoy lobster you must goit was inexpensive great food great server named Gulio i had a great friday night dinnerGo Go Go
4	would give it 5 stars, but, the sugar free dessert, I think it was supposed to be a mousse, was simply not edible. Everything else... amazing. Shrimp, mussels, clams, salmon, it was a low carb eater's paradise. All fresh and delicious. The buffet was beautifully maintained, and really a surprise to find such fine dining in a buffet setting. So, I'm going to suggest that with all the other really wonderful foods they offer, maybe they can improve on the sugar-free so I can top off my meal!
4	This is a very good buffet. Not exceptional, but an excellent value with very, very good choices. The sea food was particularly good. We were very happy with our meal and would gladly return any time.
3	The buffet for Saturday night is 26.95 per person as of this writing. I would consider it a good deal at 20, but 27 is a bit too high. Some food was fantastic. The steak and salmon were very good, and the peanut butter chocolate cream pie was fantastic, rich but not heavy. One standout low was the so-called French onion soup, which was made with (I kid you not) reconstituted onions, almost identical to the grody ones McDonald's puts on its burgers. A cup of Lipton instant soup would have been better. I suppose that would be (barely) okay for a 7 dollar cheap ass buffet, but wholly unacceptable when dropping close to 30 dollars for a meal.  Fresh onions just aren't that expensive, and while a good French Onion soup takes a while to make, it's not labor intensive at all and an acceptable one should be easily in reach of any certificate holder from a culinary school. Basically, I'm reinforcing what others have said; what's good is very good, what's not good is downright bad.
5	Skip Sunday brunch and come for Saturday breakfast.  Best deal in town from 7:30-10:30 am. Lunch is also super affordable at $13.95.  If you look at where I've eaten in my Yelp career, I'm not normally value driven, but that said, I appreciate getting what I pay for, or in this case getting way more.  I think for the holidays they're doing lobster Thursdays for dinner. It might be worth checking out.
4	I've done lunch and dinner here. Favorite time is when their crab legs and lobster claws are out. Totally worth the drive and cost. Their oysters are huge as well... too bad they dont have baked oysters just raw. Many desserts to choose from, I don't like the cake though its pretty dry and sometimes has the refrigerator scent. Many ice cream flavors though! Creme brulee is also availability along with fruit tarts.
5	Exceptionally good. Our server was very attentive and friendly. We saw listed "Calzones to order", which  I stay clear of pizza on a buffet but my husband ordered one.  All I can say is  delicious (keep in mind you must wait for it to cook). The tortellini is to die for too. You have so many choices on this buffet. Excellent!
4	Steak & Lobster nite was worth it. Great cold smoked salmon. Very nice desert selection. We enjoyed the atomsphere and the service. One of the best buffets in Phoenix.
4	This has to be the best buffer in the Phoenix Metro. If you can make it through the smoke stink lobby you'll be surprised by the level of elegance in the buffet room and how excellent the service is. The employees are attentive, helpful and courteous. The food is much better than a Golden Corral type buffet and better than some Vegas hotels as well. For $20 you can eat yourself into a coma and know you ate good clean food. If you go here for lunch be prepared to take a nap in your car around 3 PM.
1	THIS REVIEW FOR LOBSTER THURSDAY Lobsters were small cold and tough. Rest of buffet was gross food that looked like it had been out for days.  For the money I would much rather go to Orange Sky upstairs.
2	Just ok.  Really expensive for what you get. Nothing great. Other casino are better and more value for your money.
5	Wandering Horse is the best Buffet in the Phoenix area.  Considering that I'm not a huge buffet fan.  I really love coming here.  First of all the price for this buffet for breakfast is only 10 dollars.  That is right I just said 10 dollars. It is a bargain for buffets; normally buffets are at least 35 dollars or more.  Secondly everything at the buffet is fantastic.  Between the pancakes to the desserts, you can find some great things to eat at the buffet.  Last thing is that the waitress that always takes care of us does a great job at keeping our drinks filled and taking our plates away when we are done eating.
2	I went here with the expectation that it would like your run of the mill Vegas buffet, but I was wrong. It was sooo much worse. This place is definitely those looking for quantity over quality. We went for "seafood night." This consists of badly tasting lobster claws, gross oysters, mediocre crab legs, etc. I was extremely disappointed in the seafood selection especially knowing that all of the other restaurants in this casino have amazing seafood. All of the other food choices were mediocre at best.The deserts were not very good either. Even though there was a big selection I couldn't find a single one I liked. Meanwhile, I was with a diabetic who only picked the "sugar free" options. ***WARNING*** they are NOT sugar free. His blood sugar spiked as soon as he left. A very scary thing to mislabel. Overall, not an enjoyable experience and will not be back.
5	= = = = = =  SATURDAY BREAKFAST BUFFET!  = = = = = =After many visits to the Lunch Buffet here (some reviewed below) I finally made it over to the breakfast version, joined by 30-some hungry Yelpers with Monica O's great monthly UYE.  As expected, this version was totally good, as is the lunch version.  There were hot & cold cereals, eggs fixed various ways including omlettes, delicious biscuits & gravy, more than one version each of sausage and bacon, Asian items, lots of fresh fruit, & numerous lunchy items such as breaded pork cutlets, Mexican dishes, really good Gelato & so on.  Excellent table service was provided by "Maggie" and a great time was had by all!Whoever is putting out the meh Breakfast Buffet (for more money!) over at Vee Quiva certainly should come over here & see how it's done right.  Meanwhile, it's "Woohoo!" for this one!     :-))Saturday Breakfast Buffet:  $9.95
1	Horrible Service - Waiters stand in the corner and chat rather than refill drinks.
5	Best buffet! It's always an interesting experience. For buffet food, the food is very high quality.
2	Came here for a birthday dinner. As another reviewer said, the food was mediocre at best. Really nothing good. There were big crab legs, but they were so salty I could hardly eat it. The paella was way too spicy and not as much flavorful, the beef wellington was hardly edible, the chinese station was not authentic, and the desserts had a lot of variety, but none were great. The oysters I heard from a friend was they were really good, but I'm not an oyster fan. Overall, I was expecting way better. Definitley not worth the price. I might come back for the breakfast cause it seems better than the dinner.
3	No attention to detail. After one of the diners in my party found a piece of cardboard in her food, I notified the sous chef, who notified the manager.  We were told her name was Denise.  The lack of concern for accommodating my guest was appalling.  I expected them to at least comp her meal, but she only offered my guest a drink. If this low level of concern exists for what a guest finds in their food, then who knows what goes on where we cannot see. No apology from the manager,  no explanation on how it might have happened,  and no gratitude for pointing out a problem. Another in my party got insenced and insisted on finding the casino mgr to share the story. He was angry because the one who found the cardboard was his Mother. The casino manager empathized completely and took good care of my party. Thank you.
2	Wow what a horrible experience. Went Sunday night and asked for a table for 6. 3 couples all paid separately but 18% tip tacked on all bills. Waiter was horrendous. We finally had to go to server area and get our own pitcher of tea and then again for water. Waiter never noticed. He was clueless. I guess since he had his tip of 21.00 for table he didn't care. Buffet was so so. Not a lot of taste. With the prices we paid should have been better. Salad bar was a joke. Deserts were really good! Would not eat here again.
5	Wandering Horse isn't the cheapest buffet around, but OMG what a buffet it is.I can sum it up in all up in five words:All you can eat steak.And not crappy shoe leather steak--delicious mini kobe or other steaks, as much as you want, pile it high.And you can do the same with the chicken, the fish and shrimp, the pork and crab legs, the Mexican food, the Asian food, salad, veggies, and tons of different kinds of desserts but. . .The steak--endless steak, tasty, tender steak, eat until you pop steak.  Just go back and get moreWalk into the casino, head in, pay once. and let the beef commence.
3	This review is for breakfast... We had friends coming to visit and the hubby and I decided to go try the breakfast buffet on Saturday.We were very pleased with the service and options, the only thing was that the doors to the patio were left open and there was a very cold breeze (well, cold for Arizona standards) and we were a bit uncomfortable because of that.Well, we took our friends there today, we were cautious to avoid the cold draft... ordered our drinks... and then we proceeded to be totally disappointed by the buffet. We had highly recommended the Asian food and none of it was there, just fruit and fruit all over the place and a lot of the good stuff we had Saturday was missing... They had some sort of smoothies that didn't taste like fruit, were way too sweet, and were all watered because of melting ice. The carving station only had some sort of bacon that was extremely salty (I am often accused of eating too much salt and I could not eat it)... they didn't even have the mandatory bacon tray that any decent breakfast buffet should have... it was just a big tray with sausage patties, sausage links an a little bit of bacon...So while the buffet may still be good, and be a good deal, we were very disappointed because of that fact.***Saturday was too busy and we didn't get an omelette, but today there was no line and we had some. The ladies working the omelette station were very friendly and worked very well together, they were interacting really well and that was nice to see. Their omelettes were nice and fluffy, but about the ingredients, I was not very impressed either.
3	came here for the holiday buffetIt was kind of a letdown from all the hype from the holiday menu the seafood was good meats ok other ethnic sections were mediocre
5	Holy crap! This place is amazing! We went for their Saturday evening crab leg extravaganza. All I have to say is SPLIT KING CRAB LEGS. No work! There was also little Kobe beef steaks, roast New York, oysters, shrimp, clams, gorgeous berries, and so much more. It will be hard for my husband and me to go anywhere else on Saturday nights for now on. Can't wait to go back!!
3	Came here for their AYCE Cold Water lobster on a Thursday night for $25.95.  We arrived at 6 pm and the place was already packed with a line.  The wait wasn't too long....you pay and then stand over to the side until they call your name with a place to sit.  Kinda nice so you don't have to battle it out to find a table.The food is plentiful, but nothing that I would really say stood out. I came mainly for the lobster - and there was a long line for that - and they serve you 2 at a time.  It's pretty small since the meat is mainly from the tail.  You can finish 1 lobster in 2 bites.  The other foods there:  a Mexican Station with green enchiladas, corn, beans, rice and tortilla chips with salsa.  An Asian food Station with stir fried noodles, shrimp shumai, chicken wings and fried rice.  Salad bar, Pizza/pasta bar.  And meat bar with roast beef, steak and ham.  You also have your usual mashed potatoes and french fries.  Also a nice soup bar.  They also have oysters on the half shell that I did not try.  Their dessert bar (located in the middle) is tasty and full of varieties.  We had them make us a bananas foster over vanilla ice cream which was AMAZING.  All in all, I probably wouldn't come back again for the lobster feast - but I do know that their Sunday brunch is out of this world.  I'd come back for that.
4	I ate so much last night I actually went into cardiac arrest. Paramedics were summoned.They tried everything including paddles. I was a goner.Then one of the buffet-goers loudly announced they'd just refilled the lobster and crab station and I sprang back to life, just like Uma Thurman in Pulp Fiction.I'm resting comfortably now. I found some bits of shell in my cargo shorts this morning.I have no idea what happened after my near death experience but I know it involved copious amounts of shellfish.
3	* Review is for the SUNDAY DINNER BUFFET which was a GOOD DEAL *it's random that we ended up here of all places but several people had mentioned it at the airport. thought we'd check it out since it was close to scottsdale.now, as a californian, i hate smokers.  hate is a strong word.  totally appropriate in this case.  i am probably bothered by smoking many times more than the average californian.  (in fact, when i was a kid, i used to pretend to cough my lungs out while walking around vegas at the sight/smell of a smoker.)  really dislike places where they allow indoor smoking. in phoenix downtown, we would smell cigarette smoke almost everywhere we walked since they had to smoke outside.  don't people know that they can save themselves $3000+ yearly for kicking the smoking and starbucks daily habit (probably more with the healthcare they have to pay when smoking leads to cancer, etc) ??? *SIGH* sunday dinner buffet was a great deal at $20.95 per person.service was prompt. your drink orders arrive quickly. when you get up to do round 2 (or 3) of the buffet, your plate is cleared within a minute or two. their selection of teas are peets teas. so many desserts. i walk in trying to focus on what to eat before dessert.  all i see are plates of pie, cake, mini parfaits/puddings, the gelato station, bananas foster station... the soups were okay. i had the viniagrette tomatoes, olives salad that was refreshing. put some chicken (dark meat), honey smoked salmon, mashed potatoes with gravy, veggie ravioli, potato salad, etc. don't remember everything i ate. the asian station didn't look appetizing though..they didn't have prime rib but the beef brisket was delish!!my favorite dessert was the banana cream pie.  i wanted another piece but couldn't do that to myself.  the chocolate brownie with walnuts was also an indulgence.  the little cups were pretty but not worth grabbing. mini fruit tarts were yummy.we also noticed that some people ate a short dinner so that they could get back to gambling. haha. 3,5 stars
5	I can't believe I forgot to review this place the first time I went! This is by far the best place to eat in Phoenix. Delicious buffet food that ranges from seafood to salad to steak to sushi to *gasp* crab legs! On top of that, the middle of the buffet is an island of diabetic-inducing desserts - gelato, numerous fruit cups and fruit pies, custards, brownies, crepes, bread puddings, the works! I would be 500 lbs. if this was nearby!
5	I have a girlfriend who is a gambling devotee, so, knowing she would jump at the chance to eat a good meal, since she quit cooking and loves to gamble, I got her to go with me to Wandering Horse.First off, I have never been to Talking Stick before despite several meetings that I wanted to attend but couldn't for one reason or another.  So, this was my first visit to Talking Stick.Talking Stick was a nice surprise:  no smoke smell.  Love it!Architecturally it is quite beautiful, clean--even the ladies' room is super clean--and, since this was a weekday, there was no problem getting a close parking space to the elevator in the parking garage.  If you don't get into the garage you can also park in their huge parking lot.The food is a pretty decent quality, gobs of selections and it appears that everything is made there as I saw a guy making pizzas and another grilling steaks on some huge George Foreman looking-type grill.I had various treats like smoked salmon, steak, tri tip steak, raw shrimp fajitas and the carmel gelato with sea salt which is my favorite...yummo!You can eat so much as you want, you can drink so much as you want.  This is just a fat girls' dream I said pinching myself!!!  I love this place!So, I ate and ate and ate till I was stuffed, which made walking out of the place difficult since I've been on a diet and my stomach is pretty shrunk.But I was in heaven, anyway, even with a stomach ache.The service was great, and we had a small Asian gal offering to bring us drinks every time she came even within 5 feet of our table, so no complaints about the service.  She was really great, deserved a big tip and she got it when we left.The neat thing about eating here is that you can gamble a little if you want after gorging on their food--and we did.  We played the slots for a few hours, too, which was alot of fun especially since we both won.This was a really fun day!  Granted, I ate one 100 calorie dietary ice cream bar for dinner cause I was so stuffed from early lunch (and I even had to choke that down), but I sit here with memories of a really great meal and fun time at the slots.I am definitely going back here when I feel like pigging out on alot of good food again.For the $15+ for lunch, this place is a realllly great deal!!!UPDATE:  Breakfast here, to me, was a big letdown considering the lunch buffet.  A few bucks cheaper and loads of wonderfulness down.  The lunch buffet is great...breakfast not so much.  Won't do it again.
1	We had high hopes for this place, it was rated the best buffet in Phoenix by Yelp. I knew it would be a little expensive due to the crab legs... $25 a person. We arrived a little late and waited for over 30 minutes to get in.  I was surprised by the large bouncer like men out front who directed us across the hall where the line started. We got in and found the food was good, but nothing outstanding, with the exception of the crab legs. We took our time with our meal to enjoy it, but when I went back for desert, I found the entire buffet area entirely roped off. When I asked our waiter, he said "you didn't hear last call?" Since when is there a last call at a restaurant, especially when you pre paid. He brought us a few different pies... All of which were not what I wanted. I'm really disappointed that I paid over $25/person for this meal and did not leave feeling like I got my money's worth... I really feel like I didn't get what I paid for. You can get a much better deal at Sweet Tomatoes across the street.
4	came here with the family on a Saturday for Alaskan king crab legs and it was delicious! their seafood is very fresh and tasty. all the other food items in the buffet are delicious with a wide variety of choices. their dessert selection was great too! the servers were very attentive and nice. I will definitely be back!
5	i love vegas buffets, and after a week of just falling off my healthy diet (visitors in town!), we took my father to the all you can eat crab legs tonight. it did not disappoint. the crab legs were sawed in half lengthwise for ease of meat extraction. there were even lobster claws. and both shellfish were filled with meat...not skimping on the crab legs at all!!!! so basically, all we ate were crab legs and lobster claws. the lobster claws were a bit dry for me, but with unlimited melted butter to wash em down....oh well, lets just say it's a good thing my cholesterol test was postponed till next week.the buffet is pretty extensive for such a small casino. there are numerous offerings from seafood, raw oysters (not bad, but not the best i've eaten), very good soups, an asian station, american meats and potatoes, pizza, sandwiches, and salad bar that was loaded with fresh fruit and veggies. the centerpiece is an island of delicious desserts...bananas foster (very sweet and very good), gelato, small portion desserts, and slices of delicious pies. service was very good and our table was constantly cleared of plates and glasses. price was reasonable 27 bucks for crab leg nights, considering how ungodly the amount of crablegs we ate.
4	Its good. Legit buffet for $26.95. A little overrated, a little more expensive than your typical buffets, but the food is better than other typical buffets around town. I'll go back if craving king crab or lobster claws because thats what makes the visit worthy... Servers generally sucks(a lot of waiting & constantly having to ask for water & drinks) but the buser is really attentive(always).
4	We just love this Buffet... The dessert island is awesome, large and even includes a station where you can get Banana's Foster, and more. The Creme Brulee is very good as well. The dessert section goes on and on.The Asian. Mexican and Italian stations can be good but it is bit hit and miss. Salad Cheese and Meat stations are superb. There coffee excelent, IMHO. Prices vary on time and day of the week. Enjoy, this is a consistantly yummy meal!
4	Heard if you were in the area and was looking for a great buffet, this was the place!Location & Aesthetics - Located in Scottsdale off the 101 highway, next to a mountain whose name I don't know, this place has got lots of free parking and a parking garage too that's free and is a part of the casino.  If you're unfamiliar with the casino it can be a little difficult to find the restaurant like I did as I didn't come for the casino so I had to stop and ask someone in the for directions.  Apparently I had to walk through the cigarette-smoke filled casino before getting to the buffet (-1 for lack of signs for the place)The restaurant buffet itself is large and well lit with large windows that gives you a view of the outside, letting lots of sun in.  It's very cleanMenu - The buffet offers a large, and I mean a large, variety of food, more than I have ever seen at other buffets.  The price wasn't bad for two people, we ended paying around $30-32 for lunch.Service - The staff was very friendly and immediately greeted me as I entered the restaurant.  There was even a waiter around who immediately greets you after you've paid and chose a seat.  He'll ask what drinks you want and comes around frequently to ask if everything is okay.  Even toward the end of the meal, he'll ask if the dessert is okay and offer coffee.Rating - 4/5.  Definitely will be coming back here to try their crab legs which I've heard and read lots of from the Yelp community!
4	One of the best buffets in town! Dinner on a Saturday night is $26.95 per person, kinda like Vegas buffet prices. I thought it was worth it. They had king crab legs, lobster claws, clams, mussels, raw oysters, prime rib, a variety of Asian foods, pizza, etc. I like how they are able to warm up the seafood for us because some places don't. There's also a bar inside, so if anyone feels like they need a cocktail or two they are able to just walk up to the bar. The view wasn't so bad either. We had a table next to the window and we were able to catch the sunset. If you do plan to go, arrive early or you'll be stuck in a looooooong line. The wait was worth it though! Happy eating!
5	I went here for brunch with my friend visiting from out of state.  It was worth it, I was kind of iffy at first with the price being $30/person but the prime rib, lobster claws, and king crab alone is worth the price.  They did have unlimited mimosas and bloody marys.  The buffet actually is comparable to the Vegas buffets, good entrees to choose from,  fresh seafood, omelet bar, big selection of desserts.  Will be back whenever I have the mood to overeat :)!
5	We were given a gift for our trip and decided to use it to eat out. Our dinner here met our expectations for a meal, for a great environment, and for service. Our server, Jin, was very attentive and likable. We had a booth, and even with music the acoustics were great and the dining area spacious. Real silverware and cloth napkins made it all the better.The buffet choices were eclectic--Carved, Asian, Italian, Mexican, American, and desserts, soups, and cold bar. All were fresh, well-prepared, and not over-cooked. Lloyd had oysters on the half-shell, Anti-Pasta, Caprese Salad, and Asian stir-fry...you name it! I liked the vegetables and the carved slab bacon--all this, to give you a feel for the foods presented.
3	We tried this place over the wknd because my partner really digs seafood.  Probably the nicest and cleanest and well-appointed buffet in the area.   Staff for the most  part helpful and friendly but cashier and host could use a bit of polishing.  Very very limited choices if one doesn't consume meat or seafood.  They put meat/pork in everything!! - even the veggie rice had bacon in it!  But if you have no diet restrictions you will experience unlimited pleasure witnessed by my companion who loved the unlimited shell fish and would prob give Wondering Horse 5 stars.Ps....The $55 tab was quickly erased by winning a sizeable jackpot on the slots!
4	This buffet was pretty awesome. We came in for Easter brunch and didn't realize that it was going to be extra since it was a holiday, but we sucked it up. There was a lot of varieties to choose from.. mexican station, asian station, even a gluten-free station, a bit small but still great that is offered. Seafood was abundant with raw oysters, cocktail shrimp, and crab legs already prepped and cracked for you. The most awesome part is the huge dessert section (which is a total plus). Lots of different types from cakes, and cheesecakes, sorbet, gelato.. it will make a sweet tooth very happy.The buffet is very clean and the restaurant is quite large. There are huge windows that bring in lots of light into the restaurant and a view of the property.
5	This review is a reflection on the UYE Breakfast Club get together that we all enjoyed so much. Monica O is definitely the Queen of putting together large groups of Yelpers and she does a swell job of making the event fun and exciting.This is my second chance to visit the Wandering Horse and always seem to have a great time. Brought my wife so I could introduce her to some some of my really cool party animal friends. She always hears me talking about them and this was a fine occasion to take it to the next level.The food at the breakfast buffet is always very good and fresh. They serve everything that you would need to get your tummy filled up and make your belt buckle loosen on it's own. There is really no reason that you should still be hungry by the time you are finished and leave this place.Service is always delightful and the place is usually very clean and tidy. Would like to see a faster process up front at the money takers. The line was very long before they opened and it felt like it took forever.Big shout out to Monica again for all her efforts and time. You are the Best and deserve a gold medal or a new cute badge. Hi to everyone who came and to those to did not make it. Hope to see ya again next time. It's going to be awesome. PARTY TIME!5 STARS
1	It was alright. $21 for an adult dinner, I was expecting something a little more fresh. It looked like the food had been out for a while. Doesn't look like they change it out very often, at least not during the week, maybe the weekend is better. If you're expecting a Vegas buffet, lower your expectations. Not a lot of variety either. I probably wouldn't come back. Save your money.
4	My wife and I tried this place on a Tuesday evening.  We were both pleasantly surprised.  This has to be one of the better Casino buffets in the Phoenix area.  Seafood, Chinese food, Mexican food, salads, soups, steak, sandwiches, pizza, and deserts a good selection for the meat eater and vegetarian alike.  It was well presented and fresh.  The staff were attentive and never let our ice tea get empty.  As long as you can regulate yourself and not eat to much you'll enjoy this place.
5	Holy moly buffet batman. Probably one of the best buffets I've ever experienced. The place is super clean, nice, staff is very attentive and the dessert selection...oh my. I opted to focus solely on Asian cuisine and my husband did the seafood and meat stations. Food was good, we were stuffed and left happy. We easily spend $100 on dinner and to only spend $60 for all of this yumminess on a Friday night, not too shabby. AND it's attached to a casino. Hit me!
5	You almost feel like you are at the Las Vegas buffet,  amazing variety including lamb chops, oysters, crepes, The list goes on and on!!!  We usually go there for Sunday brunch and this is the best spot for that! Service is great the food is better and the price is very fair!
4	As good as it gets in AZ. This is probably your best bet for a Vegas style buffet 300 miles away from Vegas. The line can be horrendous, especially on holidays and weekends. Wandering Horse is by far nothing like home town buffet or Golden Corral.  On seafood nights it's like they need line security for the crab & lobster claw section because people start getting ignorant and act like they don't know how a line works but other than that, it's a very enjoyable buffet. High quality for the most part and very clean.
4	They always have a wide variety to choose from. Pizza to pasta, salad to cheese and crackers, Chinese fried rice to quesadillas, steak to mashes potatoes. Not to mention a wide selection of desserts.
5	There's no question about it, the buffet food here is phenomenal and top notch. Lots of variety, fresh, colorful, tasty, everything to please the most discerning or picky palates.  The atmosphere is great except maybe for the smoky smell from the casino but that usually doesn't bother me.  Waitstaff are always available and friendly.  If you want top notch buffet food at a great price (about $15/person), then this is place to come!
5	Y'all might as well plan to have my funeral here on a Sunday during Brunch service.  Although this place isn't big, the variety is always awesome and fresh. If you can't find something you like here something is truly wrong with you or perhaps you're a bit too pretentious? This is certainly the CLEANEST buffet in Arizona and that's important to me. The stations are well attended to and I've never gone on a day where the food wasn't freshly prepared. Please note; they don't always have Crab legs only on Saturday Night and Sunday Brunch service I believe.  Typically, their dinner/lunch spread consists of a salad bar, cheese and crackers, multiple soups, Asian, Mexican, Pizza/Italian, Meat Station, and of course a massive Dessert bar! The last time I went the Dessert attendant was making Banana Fosters on request! Service is friendly and fast, the waiters do a good job of keeping your beverage full. This place is a must try!
3	Average food with pretty much average choices. No idea why it has so many positive comments. Dessert had more choices. Ive had better food in other casinos outside AZ
4	Went here with my wife and 2 kids for my birthday dinner. They serve several different cuisines and I tried a bit of everything. We were pleasantly surprised how good the food was. Among the highlights were crab legs and lobster claws. Lots of people were getting platefuls of these, but at no point we're they even close to running out....they just kept it coming. We will definitely be back.
3	Came back here to try the breakfast which seemed a little better than the dinner. Everything was mediocre at best. Eggs were overcooked, quiche was soggy, and there was just a regular array of foods. The price was okay at only $10 with drinks, but noting worth going out of my way for. The desserts look nice but they are more about quantity than quality. One good thing though is that the lady who made my omelet was incredibly move and the omelet was great. To be perfectly honest this buffet is the equivalent or worse than golden corrals breakfast buffet.
3	Perhaps it was a bad night or the fact that I ran into an old fling while dining out with the in-laws [awkward!] but I just didn't see or taste the magic that all my Yelper buddies had!  Maybe it was also because in my head, I was expecting Vegas quality but this is just a small casino in Arizona.  Get real, Joyce W.!  :(We arrived at 6ish for a Saturday Dinner Buffet.  I believe it was $14/pp but I'm not entirely sure since my MIL picked up the bill.  They had NY Strip, oysters both raw and fried, king crab legs, lobster claws, clams, mussels, tilapia ceviche, a fajita station, pizza, a cheese selection, fruits, salads, Asian stir fry, a very impressive dessert bar, et cetera. Sure, the king crab legs were plenty and always stocked full but it was all frozen firm meat.  At one point, my brother-in-law asked someone to heat some up for us because it had ice chunks inside.  The raw oysters were sadly not fresh.  I was telling everyone I was going to down at least a dozen by myself.  Two fishy oysters in, I gave up.  You just can't choke down oysters that can't be pried off their shells.  I also ate one with too much horseradish to try to off-set the weird-taste but all I got was a clear sinus from it.  Whoa!  I heard the NY strip with au ju was pretty decent.  I regret not getting a cut because I was starting to feel like an ice cube from all the cold foods I was eating.  I think the highlight was dessert.  Everything was small and dainty and the serving size was perfect since I wanted to try a little bit of everything.  Give me more creme brulee and I'll be a happy camper.  I even had some sugar-free spumoni in honor of Brett B. and Jasmine F.All-in-all, it was a decent dinner buffet for $14 with an okay selection.  It's a very clean dining area and the wait staff is friendly and on-point with clearing dishes away.  They keep the glasses filled and the tables stocked with wet napkins.
4	Great prime rib!  Desserts were also very nice.
2	Food was somewhat good lots to choose from but a friend of mine had a problem with her food and asked to have something done about it... the manager on duty wasn't will to give any comps or refunds...liked this as a first time but the service for my friend has pretty much destroyed any chance of us coming back or recommending to others...
4	Good buffet.  Not as good as Vegas (not even close), but one of the best buffets in Phoenix for sure.  We went for dinner, lunch and once for Sunday brunch.  I think the Sunday brunch was BY FAR THE BEST.  Unlimited bloody Mary's and mimosas and the food was especially good.  Plus it is inside the casino which is pretty awesome too.  Loved the hotel, stayed there for a few days.  I would definitely recommend this place.  You feel like u r in vegas
4	For a casino buffet, I would have to say this is the closest thing to a Vegas buffet I have tried outside of Vegas. I went here after hiking in Sedona so it was a great place to be after a day full of physical activity. I saw some mixed reviews on Yelp so I wasn't sure what to expect. For $30, this was a great dining experience. They sat my friend and I near the windows, which had an awesome view of the sun setting behind a mountain, almost looked unreal, but it was beautiful. Our server was attentive and very personable--almost ninja like with the refills (there were times I didn't even see him and my glass would be full). The buffet itself is not the largest (space wise) but there was a huge selection  of food items organized by region of the world. There was a ton of seafood options from cocktail shrimp to grilled salmon to lobster claws. The special of the night was  King Crab and it was pretty tasty. The most enjoyable items were the asian style chicken wings, shrimp linguini, seared salmon, and the cake options. Even though there were a ton of people there, it was not chaotic. The staff were helpful in organizing the buffet area and kept the food hot and fresh. Overall, I would recommend stopping here if you are in the mood to feast!
3	It was pretty ok. Food is tasteful and fresh, but there was less variety than I originally expected. Considering the price it's not too bad though. The only problem(?) I had was that I am not a big dessert person, and 70% of the selections they have are a great variety of desserts.
1	This is by far the worst buffet I have ever had in my life. If you are looking for something that is totally flavorless no matter which meat or item you pick, then this is your buffet. I take that back-the salmon definitely tastes like smoked salmon, but the Brazilian steak, tilapia, shrimp, no flavor whatsoever. Went back for General Tsos chicken, it's supposed to be spicy, and that was bland too! Even the cheesecake was totally dried out, you do not even want to try it. Not worth even 5 bucks, don't bother. Total disappointment. Not sure how this place got 4 stars at all.
5	Simply Top-Notch Brunch Buffet! Hands down, best ever! Let's break this down! $28.95-$4.20(new Club member credit) Fresh and delicious buffet packed with tons of Protein, great sides and awesome desserts! Great service! Super Clean! Beautiful views! Lobster Claws, King Crab Legs, Scallops, Oysters, Mussels, Clams, Prime Rib, Turkey, Ham......the list goes on! I can type a full page about this place, but will leave it for you to try! also included with the Brunch Buffet is 3 Drinks of your choice! Bloody Mary, Champagne, or Mimosa. Unlimited non-alcoholic drinks! Bloody Mary? Well, I hate them......Loved this one! :-)  Too add, when everything was said and done, and I had gained about 5lbs; My wife wins $100 playing slots in about 10min!Fantastic work! We will be back for sure!
4	Ate here today, Monday, December 1, 2014.  Everything was delicious and there were many good choices and opportunities to eat a healthier meal.  I tried the things I wanted and enjoyed everything.  The buffet area was very clean and attendants were constantly refilling dishes and cleaning things.  The service for drink refills and clearing was excellent.  Also, great coffee.  Looking forward to coming back.
2	Waiting..........waiting........waiting.........waitingThe Choice of food is excellent but there are some real drawbacks1) Waiting- There are so many ways to let patrons know that they have 20-30 minute wait2) Staff and Service  2 out of 5 - Not attentive / Missed Order3) DARK - There are caves with more light - Why does a buffet need to be so dark
5	Just a little Update to say that this wonderful Buffet is still always 5 Stars!  Got a little UYE together for lunch here today with Norm R., Robyn N., Jackie R. and MIke C. and a great time was had by all.  My favorite treat today was Barbecue Style Duck Legs, and this IS the best Buffet this side of the Las Vegas Strip!Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet still $13.95 (since early 2012) and still totally worth it!     :-))
3	Meh. 2.5 stars. 3/5 for service. Very pleasant waiting staff but the servers rarely visit the table to refill water, etc. 2/5 for food. Decent amount of variety but the quality/taste is subpar.
4	A lunch buffet for $14 with a wide realm of high-quality food from different cuisines? You really can't go wrong.Some of my favorite items were the baked potato soup, mini spring rolls, chow mein, and key lime tartelette dessert. They have a decent salad bar, two or three options for soups, and a ton of entrees. The buffet even features a small carving station where they had a prime rib (yes, even at the lunch buffets!), chicken, and some more hearty entrees. The only reason I didn't give this place five stars is because some of the food (the shrimp poppers and some chicken finger/nugget items) seemed like they were of the "fresh-frozen" variety. Everything else, though, was phenomenal, especially for the price!
