4	I prefer the Pan De Sal of Valerio's over Goldilock's.   If you're looking for excellent Filipino breads and baked goods, look no further!  You'll find what you're looking for at Valerio's.Conveniently located at the Seafood City Shopping Center on S. Maryland Parkway in Vegas, it's like being back in Manila with ChowKing, Jolibee, and Valerio's all within shouting distance of each other.  Everything is new, clean, and great quality.pix laters...
5	pan de ube and the ube roll...off the hook...must try...cheap and fresh...everything else, especially the pan de sal seemed to be fresh since they were constantly stocking the shelves...and i made 2 trips there in 1 weekend...cash only, so be prepared...but it's vegas...who isn't carrying cash with them?..haha
3	Not as good as Goldilocks or Red Ribbon. The baked goods are alright and they have various types of breads and pastries. The last time I shopped here, the cashier was a quite unfriendly and rude.
4	Delicious! Although, I need to admit that I don't have much knowledge of Filipino baked goods...but I know what tastes good, and Velerios is good.  I highly recommend the Sio Pao and the Chicken Pan de Sal. Nice staff and good food.
3	A pandasal is a pandasal...But this bakery has the best Turon I have ever had...For you that don't know what it is...It's a banana and jack fruit eggroll fried with a glaze on it...Just YUMMY...
5	The very first time I tried these breads & pastries was when I visited Seattle a few years back...now everytime I visit, I always have to  stop by and bring home those delicious breads.  It also became my daughter's favorite..On our way to Seafood City looking for "Magic Sarap", a condiment that I find so hard lookin for in New York, I saw Valerios, and I was so delighted I called my daughter and she said ...Mom buy some before you leave so they will still be fresh when you arrive....I bought so much of different  breads/pastries/native cakes  that I had to have a second luggage!!! It was all worth it...Everybody enjoyed everything....I hope they open one here in New York soon....
4	Quick (short version) story: Friends and I went to vegas. One friend's parents called in an order 24 hours in advance, and said friend was not allowed to pack very much in his suitcase because he had to have enough room for all of the bread purchased from this bakery.This is definitely not a place any las vegas partygoer would be able to find...because it is about 20 minutes? off the strip.Decided to accompany my friend over to this bakery because there was so much hype surrounding his order...the staff here are quite nice and will take the time to explain what their most popular breads are and what's in them (even though ingredients are all listed on the packaging).I got the "siobao" which is very similar to a cha shu pork bun that you could get from dim sum spots, but larger and not necessarily with that same style of bbq pork.Also tried a red bean bread and that was tasty as well.Quick Tip:1) Cash Only2) Located next to a seafood supermarket3) Their most popular breads appear to be immediately to the left, on top of the refrigerators
3	The pandesal & bread's are good but if u don't eat their other stuff right away like this cassava cake I bought a day ago, u might find yourself w/ a molded dessert. The 1st day I got it & tried it, I thought it tasted ok. Nothing special like my mom's or aunts homemade ones. I was gonna eat it the next day cuz I hate to waste, but then it got molded. Probably a good thing for me. Saved me from eating something that wasn't all that good.  I didn't think their sweet rice cakes were all that either. On one of the reviews, I read about this bakery, it said something about the turon being good in which I agree. The staff seems friendly & helpful but I just wasn't satisfied w/ the taste & texture of their desserts. Maybe cause I'm Filipina & I lived there for a couple years when my dad was stationed in Clark Air Force Base so when it comes to Filipino food, I'm hard to please.
3	I might be finicky when it comes to Filipino food, but there is one thing that I cannot resist but getting from time to time. I love my Ube and Pan De Ube is one of those items I yearn for. While some of the other items tend to be too sweet for me, I do like the Pan De Sal. A simple breakfast of this bread, fried eggs, and sausage makes me reminisce about my time in the Philippines. I agree with other Yelpers who say that the items do not tend to last long. Overall, I would recommend to buy enough to eat that day. This is difficult because most of the breads come in a generous amount.
4	They have really good biko and puto. The prices are decent. They accept credit card if you spend more than $10, otherwise cash is king. Small size bakery, that can get crowded quickly. My family loves the turon, although I think that it is diabetes deep fried. The items last about a day, and seem to quickly downhill. The puto if left out, will mold, which is not pleasant. Other than that nice filipino bakery by Seafood City.
5	One word - Turon.  If you don't know what that is, you're totally missing out. My BF is Filipino and we stopped in one day when we were heading to Seafood City. Good thing we did because we plan on buying about 20 Turon for Super Bowl dessert. It's the best we've had in Vegas and LA for that matter!
5	Valerio's is the closest to what the actual Filipino pastries are like. When I need my pan de sal or pan de coco this is where I go. They have some of the best turon's I have ever had, and I am picky when choosing my Filipino bakeries.
5	Big selection of Filipino pastries and desserts. Everything looks so good. We always try to visit here on our trips to Vegas.
3	It's always a pleasure to walk into Valerio's to see the yummy traditional Filipino baked goods they have. I always come here for pan de ube and wheat pan de sal.The prices are fair and today when my husband and I went, we saw that they finally accept card methods of payment! :) Yay.
4	Filipino or Cornfed American, I challenge you to walk in to Valerio's and come out empty handed.  I do not think that it is possible.They have ensaymada in a few different flavors the size of my head! They have fresh Spanish rolls, cheese bread, and countless other delectable goodies!The staff here is friendly and if you ask nicely they will go get you warm fresh pandesal.I have not yet visited the Philippines but in my mind, it is going to be filled with amazing little corner bakeries like Valerio's!!
5	I have to say that when it comes filipino pastries Valerio's is the way to go! Maybe a month ago I probably would have knocked a star for only accepting cash, but now they accept credit cards! An extra star for convenience! There are so many great pastries to choose from! From prepackaged to fresh off the oven pastries! Looking for a quick lunch on the go? I'd suggest their bread rolls filled with pork, chicken, and beef asado or adobo. It's really just like a sandwich in a roll. When it comes to their sweet delights, I'm a sucker for their bibinka, spanish bread rolls, and their cheese rolls! But! If you're craving for these delights as soon as their open, come disappointed because they're usually not freshly offered until 12 noon, or mirienda time (which is snack time in tagalog!). Their cheese rolls are filled with this cream cheese like filling with a soft, sweet, and slightly sugary outter dough. The spanish bread is a soft bread roll with a nice butter and sugar filling inside. A decent combination of bread and sugar to steer you away from diabetes or an overly sweet explosion. It's just right! The bibinka is also good! Soft breading, enough cheese, and just the right amount of salted egg slices (bibinka ain't bibinka without the salted egg slices. It's all about the slices.) Their empenada's, siopao, and pan de sals are great too! Best part about their pan de sals is that they come in regular, cheese, and whole wheat for variety! Prices for the freshly baked goods in the casings usually range from $0.75 to $2 s which i think is a good deal for an afternoon snack! Prepackaged goods are also at a decent price ranging from $3 and up with a decent amount of pieces in them,
4	Everything in the store is made fresh everyday. Siopao is great, they have the cheese rolls. lathered in cream cheese and cream cheese icing. Super sweet, super good. they also have turon, pan de coco, and ube, and cheese pimiento bread. So many different varieties to choose from. When you are looking for a great place for baked goods, there is nothing better than Valerio's, for authentic filipino pastries. Also check out their version of american cheese rolls. crispy flaky dough, stuffed with cream cheese. One of my favorites. I thought they only accepted cash, apparently they accept debit now, didn't bother to look when i went in a couple days ago.
4	I love ube anything. For those that do not know ube is purple yam, not to be confused with a purple potato. It's different texture, different taste and unlike the purple potato it really retains a bright purple color. Now, us Filipino's like Ube anything. Bread, cookies, ice cream, candy, chips, you name it - they probably make it in Ube too.Now that you are a little bit more familiar with Ube, let me tell you about these Ube Rolls they make. They are always in the glass case and sell for only $0.75 each. Man, oh man. If you catch these freshly made, they are soft and moist and topped with butter and sugar (never a bad thing) and filled with the most delectable ube inside. It is just barely sweet but you have the sugar and butter on top to balance it out. Ube doesn't sound like the thing for you, you can't go wrong with their cheese rolls also sold for $0.75 each as well. These rolls do not hold up long so I suggest only buying one or two, and then plan on consuming within the next day or two.They also have a pretty solid siapoa there. A couple of different varieties but I always go with the chicken. It's bun is soft and sweet and moist and the inside is super flavorful. They come in a package of four and as long as you keep in the fridge, they hold up pretty well. Now let's talk about the true staple in every Filipino's household - Pan De Sal. The perfect bread for breakfast or dinner. They are good but would be great if they carried the mini size I love so much more.They also carry puto and every other traditional pinoy bread item you can think of. This is great place to go for fresh, authentic product.Definitely a must try.Dang it. Now I am craving me some Ube Rolls.
4	Pastries!Not looking for one but we just happened to pass by this Seafood City location which had Valerio's. Not wanting to pass up some yummy breads and pastries we came back for it and bought Spanish bread and cheese rolls... I've only gone to one other location here in Cali, located in Vallejo, and love the smell of fresh cooked/baked pan-de-sal bread and pastries! Now we know where to go when here in Vegas! :)
4	I love pandesal.  Their fresh pandesal is awesome.  My mom came to visit me from the east coast where there are other filipino bakeries, but they don't make as much as this place does.  She loved the pan de ube.  Now that I think about it, I want some pandesal right now. haha!
5	This is the place to be to pick up your Filipino pastries.  My mother in law loves to pick up Pandesal from here.  Me, I always get the Ube filled one.  Shame on me, I don't know the name.  I seriously don't bother to look at the name, I just know what it looks like.  I look for a buttered up bread that says Ube. Seriously, a must try.  If you drink coffee, ooooh weee, it compliments it.  Siaopao, or manapua us islanders call it, is delish here and they have all types of fillings.  Chicken, pork, red bean, and more, they even have the baked typed too.  Its a really tiny place.  Every time I go in there, there is a line.  Not long at all, but it shows how small of a place it is.  Peruse, and indulge in the culture!
2	Delish baked goods, but the customer service is not up to par. In all honesty, I understand that it's a small shop but if the cashier didn't ring up or bag the items I placed in front of her, there has to be something wrong, right? I've experienced this more than a few times. I went back because I liked the baked goods and it's conveniently located next to Seafood City after grocery shopping.  In my opinion, customer service will make or break your business.I like their baked goods, so I will continue to go here, I will update my review the next time I go here.
4	Every time I come back I always make a trip to Valerios! The shop is tiny and it can get super crowded, but if you don't mind waiting it won't be a problem. My must haves are: hopia baboy, pandesal, ube roll, ube kalamay, and turon. I loveeee their ube roll! It is so good and I love the fact that they are not stingy with the ube!! Oh but I will say that lately their ube kalamay has no flavor...oddest thing because not too long ago it was really good...Hopefully it goes back to the way it was.
5	I've been looking for a Filipino Bakery since I moved here from FL. I'm so glad I finally found one! I am not Filipino but in FL I use to go to the bakery on the weekends to get  fresh Siopao. This reminded me of back in FL. It was hot and fresh and to me it was really delicious. I also tried this bread that had sweetened coconut in it and a type of sweet frosting (forgot the name...sorry!) on the top that was also really yummy. It actually reminded me of a Caribbean pasty my mom use to make. So that reminded me of back home in NY with my moms great cooking. : ) I really liked this place. The service was really kind and helpful too. I look forward to going back and trying more things.
4	Fan of their Breads. If you like Empanadas, they have chicken!.
4	Ordered some Bibingka. Some people could make this at home, but in this case, who got time for that when you could buy it and won't have to leave your kitchen a mess and there's no dishes to wash. I don't mind the price, and the Bibingka was a good size for 2.xx. We even asked for some extra coconut flakes, free of charge. I'm always a satisfied customer here. The only reason I gave this place a 4/5 stars because it's not too big. You either come here before shopping for groceries or after. But if you go after groceries, the cart has to either stay outside or force it to be inside in case some stranger try to steal your food. In our case, this is our place to shop after groceries and we always bring in our cart regardless how crowded it gets.
3	This place is decent. I really enjoy their vegetable lumpia because they're huge and only $1.25 each, even though they're super greasy! Be warned! They come with a vinegar based sauce that is delicious and kind of addicting. I've had a few other things here including the pork adobo pan de sel, cheeseball and bibingka. These are usually just a-ok and I'm not the biggest fan. The pork adobo is usually a little dry and the other 2 are just not for me. The bibingka  tastes like a pound cake wrapped in banana leaves.Service is below average. There is only 1 lady working and she takes phone orders apparently so she'll ignore you while on the phone even if you're already standing there. Between the phone ringing and us ordering 2 boxes of goodies, the line behind us grew from 1-2 people to nearly a dozen!Would come back for more lumpia but wouldn't make the drive down for anything else specifically.
2	2 stars for the non-existent customer service and the fact that there's a $10 minimum to use your debit/credit card. We come from LA where there's an overabundance of Filipino bakeries who bake pandesal and other delicacies fresh all throughout the day. Though I frequent this area because of the Filipino market next door, I have never been to this bakery before last night. We walk in and it's fairly empty, the cashier just stares at us, no smile offered not even a polite hello. So we proceeded to browse the store, I then asked her if they had fresh pandesal and according to her they only make their breads in the morning. I grabbed a bag of pandesal and cheese filled bread. She rang it up and then informed me I had to get more things for the $10 minimum if I wanted to use my card. This irritated me even more because I rarely carry cash, I was forced to grab and spend more due to their required minimum UGH! The worst thing is knowing that I will probably be back at one point due to the lack of Filipino bakeries in Las Vegas. Best believe I will have cash the next time I come though! LOL
5	Yummy! Thank goodness my cousin told me about this place or else I would just order from Red Ribbon all the time. I love their ensaimadas here as well as their ube roll. It's chock full of ube. I also ordered sapin sapin, and it was really good.
