4	Arrr, ravioli! The Pasta Pirate is a cozy dark restaurant in the California Hotel, in Downtown Vegas.  It serves pasta (duh!), steak, salads, and a bunch of other stuff.  The service was friendly and it's cool watching the chefs in glass booth make the food for you.  The best part of the meal was the calamari--it was not oily at all and came with a tasty sauce.  Or was it the free wine that comes with every meal? Oh no wait, the BEST part of the meal was that it was FREE! Yay for comped meals! :)*See pics*
4	Been here a couple times, it's good food and the prices are reasonable.  Service is good.  Stick with the steak & lobster or steak & shrimp plates.  I tried the orange roughly with pasta and it was very meh, I think they add butter to the pasta which made it very "heavy" tasting.  The complementary bread they serve was very good.
3	Okay, not the best meal you'll ever have, but so much better than you'd expect from a place with $16 surf and turf special ($19 with filet mignon).  We went for a 30th birthday party and had a great time for very little money.  Each order came with a free glass of wine (red, rose or white), bread and a salad.  The bread comes on a board with a knife (for you to cut yourself) with a tasty herbed butter that's got good flavor but not too much garlic.  The house dressing is a honey French dressing and delicious.  I'd go back just for the salad with that dressing.  The filet was fine, but order a little rarer than you usually like it -- Medium-rare came back closer to medium, but still tender.  The lobster and shrimp we had were both over-cooked too -- a little too rubbery -- however they serve each with a nice dish of melted butter so that added enough delicious moisture it didn't matter!  We all shared a huge piece of chocolate cake and it was delicious -- just what the birthday boy wanted!
2	I was sad when I ate here last Saturday night. Growing up in this hotel, it was always a treat to go to Pasta Pirate for their 1lb crab legs. Boy was I disappointed... the crab legs were super dry! I'd hate to say it.... but next time I'll go upstairs to Aloha and save my money for gambling. The only plus was the free glass of wine and the fresh bread with garlic butter. Sigh... maybe I'll give this place another shot when/if I have extra money... or not.
3	With a name like Pasta Pirate, I was a bit hesitant walking into the joint, but I didn't pick the place. The ambience is a bit strange, but the service is efficient and friendly. I got to try the Portobello Chicken Pasta, Filet and Ribeye. Food was pretty good for the $. The mushrooms were excellent in the pasta and the filet was one of the best I've had for the price ($19 for Filet + Lobster tail + glass of red house wine). I'd eat here again if I were out drinking downtown and felt like a good cheap steak. Quick tip: ONLY order steak medium rare or less here, anything more than that and your steak will come out overdone badly.
4	So you are hangin downtown and you want a full meal deal with more ambience than Mickey D's and mo betta menu for sure. Now I'm not sayin that this is gourmet or fine dining, but hey for da $ it's good and reliable. We frequently eat here when we want a touch of aloha and a filet and lobster (small but ok) with a glass of wine included for $19. The addition of a scoop of rice to the steak and lobster is a nice touch indeed. My sistah had the seafood pasta and said it was da bomb.  Our out of town guests are always amazed that a place like this exist in the land of over priced EVERYTHING. The bonus is when you run into friends or friends of friends from da island. Makes me feel like I am home surrounded by aloha spirit.
5	awesome bowl of ox tail soup at 1am. don't know how i got there, don't know how i got back to my hotel room.
4	The restaurant features a steak and lobster special. It was ok. The steak was small and so was the lobster. But one thing I found interesting was the option of soup, salad or wine. My mom had the Alfredo and it was delicious. The bread is great and I recommend the honey french dressing.
4	Came here because the Market Street Cafe was closed for cleaning. So they had the menu from there. Not needed....oxtail soup for me!  Service good so was the food!
2	Came here on my last visit to Las Vegas after finding a coupon online.  Immediately after walking in I sensed chaos.  The hostess could not keep track of people walking in as she kept walking away from her stand.  People starting getting angry and she just didn't want to deal with it.  Finally got seated, but the waitstaff, just like the hostess seemed to show much indifference to our presence.  Finally after being served our meals...it really was just eh.  I think the Olive Garden (I am not really a fan either) tastes better.  My broccoli/cavatelli was swimming in garlic/oil...I didn't even want the left overs.  Won't be returning.
2	The casino/hotel recommends that you  make a reservation for the place, so we did. Yes, that was a smart move. We went at our appointment time and was seated immediately, while there were parties waiting for  tables. This was a plus..Well, things went down hills from there. The waitress really did not want to recommend anything, we asked her about the specials they had for the nights, she wanted us to order the regular menu, so we did. I ordered the Blackened Orange Roughy,  the fish was totally burned, I did not understand how the chef could burn it so bad and still have the heart to serve it.. However, the pasta that came with it was tasty, I will be fair about that.My mom ordered Fillet Mignon with baby lobster tail, again the lobster was overdone, the fillet was too, considering we ordered it done medium.Do not order their crab cakes, I had it for appetizer, this thing was so little and tasted worse than the frozen ones a person can get at a supermarket..The waitress saw that I finished my plate, so she came over, and took both my mom's and my plates, when Mom was still working on hers. I was so disgusted with the place by then, I did not protest, I told Mom , let's just get something else from the cafeteria..By the way, for the dinners, you have a choice of seafood soup or salad. I recommend sticking to the salad,  we ordered both, the soup was nothing special, however, the salad and the dressing was good. Horrible service, horrible food, the cooks needed to be replaced or needed more trainings, or needed to put their hearts in cooking. I hope the California Casino managers are reading this...
4	We had dinner at Pasta Pirate in the California Hotel in downtown Las Vegas. We ate with family members (6 adults + 1 child). We had reservations at 6pm on a Friday night and we were seated right away. Nichole was our server and she was very friendly. The Italian bread came in a square shape and we cut them into slices, and there was garlic butter served with the bread.We ordered two orders of the steamed clams, and it was delicious, cooked with tomatoes, garlic and butter.  My husband and I each ordered the Chef special of filet mignon and lobster ($19), which came with a choice of salad or soup, house wine (choice of white, burgundy, or rose), and the entree came with broccoli, choice of rice, red-skinned potatoes, or pasta with marinara sauce. We usually order our steak medium well; the steak was flatter than we expected, so it was dry, Next time, we'll order it medium instead of medium well. I shared my special with my 11 year old daughter and Nichole was kind enough to split our salad, as well as our entre for us. The salad was great and we really liked the honey french dressing. My husband liked the seafood soup.Other family members got the Blackened Orange Roughy, Chilean Sea Bass with Shitake Mushrooms, and the Blackened Salmon. Everyone enjoyed their meals. Unfortunately, our entrees took a long time for us to receive - about an hour! The good thing is that we weren't starving because we had our salads and our appetizers.
4	I've been going to the California Hotel for years and never really thought about dining here. My boyfriend was the one who selected this place for a surprise date he had planned. We didn't make reservations, but only took about 20 minutes for us to get seated which I gotta say isn't bad for a Friday night!The food was pretty good, but I can't really say much since I almost always get chicken fettuccine alfredo and that to me always taste delicious. The ONLY negative thing I have to really say against this place is our seating. It was hard to concentrate on eating due to the beaming, bright red light hanging over us. I know it ties into the theme of "pirate", but it just made it difficult for me to eat my food.
4	Don't let the name fool you - Pasta Pirate is DELISH! I've taken several people here, and it took some convincing. With a name like Pasta Pirate, people expect some kind of Italian Chucky Cheese. I get a lot of weird looks, but once they get inside and try the food they're hooked! The restaurant is VERY small and intimate. You have to make reservations otherwise you'll easily have at least an hour and a half wait. While it's inconvenient for walk up dining, it adds a bit of "exclusivity" and insider/regular knowledge, which makes it kind of part of the fun. The food is delicious and a great value for the money. Each dinner is served with amazing bread, salad and a glass of house wine. I highly recommend the clam Linguine with White Sauce. If I could change one thing about this place, it would be the name. Then maybe I'd have an easier time convincing people to go! That coupled with the pretty much reservation only system and the small size (can't handle large groups) make it a 4 Star review for me. Still, overall great place to dine downtown.
4	I ordered the calamari for an app and it was good but a little bit over breaded but it tasted good. Ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs were spiced just right and cooked perfect. The sauce was light and very tasty. One down side that I experienced was the same as others was with the over dressed salad. It was swimming in dressing. The atmosphere was fun and lively.  I would recommend this restaurant.
3	It has been many calories and inches since we last dined at this Italian seafood restaurant located in the dump California.         Entrees include a glass of wine and choice of seafood soup or the house salad. We each chose the salad with dressing on the side and cioppino as our entrees. The cioppino, served over linguini, included lobster, shrimp, clams and white fish in a saffron tomato broth. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed our dining experience though my wife was a little less enthusiastic.
5	My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place for dinner on accident. We arrived for dinner with no reservations. We were seated no problem,maybe because it was a Tuesday night. The lighting is dim and romantic. We were given piping hot fresh baked bread with a scoop of butter with roasted garlic. It was delicious. Then we ordered an appetizer:the seafood medly. It was small but very good . Little oven roasted casserole scoops of buttery cheesy shrimps,lobster,& crab. Then for our entree we split the Coippino. It was huge,and came with a salad,and a glass of the house wine.The Cioppino had Lobster,King Crab Legs,Huge pieces of seafood. I was so impressed. Dang, try getting that back home.Our server, Beatrice was adorable. We really felt this place deserved a great review. I will come back here every time I go back to Vegas. It is not common to find a place that tries so hard to please. Huge portions ,affordable prices,and of course dynamite food.
5	Excellent, Excellent, Excellet!! We moved to Las Vegas 6 months ago and last night our meal at the Pasta Pirate was by far the best since we got here. The value of food, the taste, the service..everything. I ordered the Cioppino ( $20)  and it was the best I ever had. Shout out to the cook, whom I got to see prepare my meal through the glass window. You also get a glass of wine with your meal along with soup or salad. This is the best restaurant downtown and beyond.
2	I usually don't write reviews, but this place really upset me. The service was terrible. We made a reservation and waited a hour to get in. Once in we met or waitress who was in a terrible mood. She did not offer us drinks, even the ones that came with our dinner. We had to go out of our way to ask. Also during the meal never bused or table. I really wish i could have enjoyed my meal. She ruined it.Thanks for ruining my birthday pasta pirate won't ever recommend you.
4	It is what it is.  A mid level casino restaurant, but I like it.  I think it's a gook value and a decent meal.  Try the escargot appetizer.  I was wondering if the taste in the wine was the flavor of the box, just kidding, it was mediocre house wine but it's included with the meal.
5	not sure what's going on with the other people but I've loved this restaurant for years! the service is always excellent they treat you like family and the food is amazing especially for $18it's a perfect place to have dinner and then enjoy the lightshow afterwards!
5	Our waiter Dionicio is the coolest, greatest waiter on the planet Earth! We come here, in part because of him. He is gods gift to the restaurant community. The food is good and the deals are great! You can't lose on the dinner specials they have.  Visit the Pasta Pirate (AVOID THE RAT HOSTESS) and enjoy the awesome waiter Dionicio - and the food!! Enjoy!!
5	If a Dining Out God does exist, I believe that God may have blessed my dining experience because every aspect of my dinner was perfect!I was greeted by a friendly hostess with a beautiful smile. My primary server was, like the hostess, friendly. In addition, she was informative, attentive and professional. The secondary servers were also attentive and friendly.I ordered the filet mignon/lobster tail for my dinner entree. A house salad and house bread accompanied the entree. The honey french salad dressing was delicious, all ingredients were well blended and balanced. The garlic butter served with the house bread was excellent! The filet was grilled a perfect medium and the lobster tail was not overcooked and succulent.My closing of my dining experience, which included dessert and coffee, was very pleasant.
2	Stay away. Don't do it. It's going to feel too late when you're starving and you're waiting because it's the closest thing  around and you don't want to eat coffee shop food. Walked in promptly for our 8pm reservations and stood behind a couple that had 8:30pm reservations. They were asked to be seated and the hostess checked us in and asked us to take a seat. She walked around the restaurant (I'm assuming to look for open tables), came back to the front and asked the couple who had later reservations if the booth close to another table would be okay. They said yes, she seated them and then we waited another half an hour before we were seated. Seriously?! I guess reservation times don't matter, as long as you check in prior to the people that do. I asked for the manager because I was curious as to why this happened. He said he'd ask the hostess, then came back and explained to us that she said she was frazzled because there was a crowd of people checking in at the same time. Nope, after she checked us in, there wasn't anyone behind us for a few minutes. Told the manager that and he said she would come over to apologize but she looked teary eyed and said she needed a smoke to all down. Really? Oh, I'm so sorry if I hurt your feelings because you don't know how to do your job and then have a crappy boss that doesn't know not to share that information with the customer. The manager offered to buy us each a drink (we said no thank you) or a dessert (we didn't want anything). On top of that, at the very end, it took a while for our credit cards to be processed. With that said, I don't blame the server and my one star rating was upped to two because of her. Beatrice did a great job with trying to make sure we were taken care of and checked in on us often. It's more for the overall experience and with that said, I won't be back. As for the food, we each just ordered the Alaskan King Crab and it was salty. For $40, I'd rather stand in line for a buffet than come back here.
5	Most people wouldn't think to explore the dining options at the California Hotel and Casino off of Fremont Street.  This is probably the fifth time we have eaten at the Pasta Pirate.  The food never disappoints.  My favorite is the Filet and Lobster Tail combo.  You get salad, a glass of wine and a great dinner.  The Scampi is also a favorite.  The waitress has been there since we started going there and is fun and efficient.  Give it a try, you won't be sorry you did.  There is also a nice full bar in the restaurant.
