5	The apple-picking season is upon us! I have awful memories of apple-picking: the rule of thumb is, when you go with your school at age 6, it always rains, you can never pick the apples you want, your clothes get muddy and ultimately someone cries and we all have to pack.So I decided I would make some great memories and celebrate the local produce. If you don't know, St-Joseph du Lac is where's it's at, in terms of apples. Orchards are piling one of top of the other, and in the winter months, they transform into sugar shacks. We stumbled on Lacroix and it seemed jovial enough, and once we paid our 15$ for a 20lb bag to be filled, we were off!You know you're at a real genuine Quebecois orchard when they take you around the estate in trolleys driven by a tractor, and that's exactly what we got. Not all apples are fit to be picked depending on the time of year and organizers make it really clear from which aisles you can pick. Once you are done fighting for ladders and finding the reddest roundest fruits, you hop back on the trolley and are promptly driven back. First off the place is great if you have kids, they can hop onto tractor tires, check out horses and goats and a albino rabbit (aw) and then get lost in a small hay labyrinth! You will be tired by now, so sit back under the apple trees and enjoy their food offerings such as squash poutine, apple fries, squash fries, pie and especially apple doughnuts. MMMmm you can smell them from the road, and sprinkle them with cinnamon. To prolong the experience, pick up some delicious homemade cider and pies at their shop!
5	It is a beautiful September morning. I'm having with my coffee amazing apples and oatmeal apple cookies acquired at Lacroix orchards. The farm is awesome, they have an extensive variety of apple sorts and I couldn't stop eating the honeycrisp one as I was filling in my bag with apples. They have everything you may need to keep kids and parents happy: playground, picnic tables, food, cider tasting counters and store, where you can buy apples if too lazy to collect them yourself. The food counter has nice selection, the squash fries and poutine deserve to be tasted, but they are not as good as the potato ones. What we fell in love with are their apple donuts, if they were healthy I would have eaten a dozen of them. I also obtained a bottle of sparkling ice cider that tasted great. Beware of the endless crowds and car congestions if you try to go there on a sunny day during the apple picking season, but this is to be expected. Verger Lacroix is not to be missed!
4	I was here on Sept 26, just one day after their much sought after Honeycrisp apples were ready for picking and boy did they go fast! I'm so happy I found this place because I researched numerous other orchards that were closer to home on the south shore but none of them offered my variety for picking.I got a 20lb bag for 16$, plenty of selection and you didn't have to walk far from the main area. This farm is relatively small compared to others I've been to, all varieties are within close proximity of each other and easy to find. Get there the earlier the better, already around 11am it was full of buses.There's a small picnic area, a playground and mini petting zoo although nothing too impressive. Their barn is tiny and you can't really pet the animals because they are too far to reach.The little boutique has a nice array of apple pastries, ciders, juice and other goodies- worth a look!
