5	I've been banking with Chase for over a year and a half now, but out of all the branches I've walked into, this one takes the cake! It helps that I work right across the parking lot, but it's also a newer branch so it's up to date and modern. They host a networking function every few months, inviting all the surrounding businesses to stop by and share what they do with each other! They go all out too, supplying all kinds of food and drink (also from the local businesses). The manager, tellers, and personal bankers here have been extremely helpful in getting my accounts in order! I do my banking at this branch whenever possible!
1	I made the mistake of  using Chase as my mortgage lender, and it was one of the most frustrating experiences I've ever endured. Robert Page, my mortgage lender, said that we would close on October 16th. Then he pushed it back until October 18th. Then he pushed it back until October 21st citing some ridiculous reason. Of course, we couldn't close on the 21 because of another ridiculous reason, so Robert pushed it back until October 25th. You see the trend? Then, we were supposed to close on October 28th....which didn't happen either. If you can't close on a certain date, then don't make a promise. It's that easy! I would have been much happier if you told me from the beginning that we wouldn't be able to close until October 29th...in which case I could have chosen a different lender.The situation got so bad that I had to reach out to Robert's boss, David Campbell. He said he would "take care of us" which is also another broken promise. In an effort to rectify the situation, Chase promised to reimburse us for the rent we had to pay when we couldn't move in on October 16th. Of course, they reneged on that as well.If you love being lied to, then Chase is the way to go for your mortgage! I had a terrible experience getting a mortgage at Chase. I had to call multiple managers at Chase before anything was done. They reimbursed me about $1000 for all the headache and bad information they gave me. $1000 seems like a lot, but they should have given us at least $3,000 back for deceiving us. If I could go back, I would have gone to a federal credit union for my mortgage.
