1	I was on my way to Port of Subs but it was crazy packed and I hate crowds so I kept driving and found this place thought I'd give it a try. Oops My bad!! The kid was nice behind the counter when I asked what was good. I ordered what he suggested a 6 inch Italian type club for my meat eating brother and a what seemed harmless enough a stuffed tomato w egg salad for myself along w drinks, chips, and a cookie for the kid to go. It was $17. He even gave me a box to carry the drinks safely! I get to my bro's and we sit down to eat. I open my box and it was ahem a layer of lettuce on the bottom with a totally unripe light pink tomato cut into wedges w the egg salad poured on top. Ummmm it was bad folks I couldn't even bare to take a picture. There was nothing good about this or worth the $6 it cost. My bro is like Mikey he will eat anything well he ate the sandwich but it was drenched with ranch WTF I dont remember asking for ranch. It also had the same pink tomato's in it. Honestly not sure how this place stays open when even Subway would be better. This place gets 2 thumbs down. Maybe breakfast would be better!?!?
4	This place is really good for a small hole in the wall less crowded lunch. I go there about once a month as I work around the corner.  Their menu is a big chart which is a little confusing at first, but basically you find what you want at the left and work your way right to add more stuff to the sandwich. I usually get a turkey.A word of caution, get the 6" as they really fulfill their motto of full belly, the foot long is too much to eat. The bread is really good, so are the ingredients. I have not had anything here that did not taste fresh.My biggest complaint, they use polystyrene cups.
1	Pricey little sandwich joint and cheap atmosphere.  That's the best way to describe this place.  Indeed, my belly was full -- full of bread.  Where's the beef!?  --- oh the 80's!  My sandwich was mostly bread, lettuce and tomatoes.  The clam chowder was probably the delight of my meal (sandwich & soup combo) Couldn't complain much about the service since it was quick.  The place was super cheap on the decor -- though I did appreciate the helicopter ceiling fan.  Think I enjoyed that more than my sandwich -- Enjoy!
3	Good price for a healthy sized sandwichMy coworkers and I frequent this place about once a month. If your making a typical American salary, once a month is good. Well for starters, this place defines the very definition for "hole in the wall". It is located randomly in an office complex, surrounded by a bunch of small businesses. If they didn't leave flyers nor was i told about this place, I don't see how I could have found out about it. The place is a quiet place. Very low customers. Decorations are very plain. But then again, this isn't a family restaurant nor a place to take a date. Its a "come in, get your sandwich and leave" kind of place. The friendly "always changing" staff is helpful, and yet to the point. Last time I went, I ordered the avocado turkey sandwich on wheat. They make it quickly, usually about 7 to 8 minutes. The most impressive thing about this place is also the most annoying. Its the over abundance of meat they put into the sandwich. When the employee served me the sandwich, I was as usual awestruck at how packed it was. In fact it was packed in an inconvenient way. They use standard sized buns but its served open with the meat just packed into it. When I picked it up, it was heavy which was flattering, but how do I take a bite into it? I couldn't close the meat into the buns, and since the avocados were on top, I didn't get the proper mixture that I was craving. At times i was chewing just meat and avocado. the bread and cheese just didn't have enough space to join the party. Again, this can be said to be a good thing as well, seeing at the sandwich is 7 bucks not including drink or chips. And honestly it was also a little plain. I mean you can literally add anything you want, but if your in a hurry and just want a pre-made flavorful sandwich, your in trouble. Overall. good place to try if your a sandwich lover. Don't treat your friends though because it can get pricey. Also this is only opened during the lunch hours of the weekdays.
4	You look up at the wall, and first you think it's a calendar.  Then you realize there are THAT MANY different sandwiches that these people make.  I had the turkey... it's pretty good.  It's just a little deli place with booths and a couple tables.  Kinda empty... but I would expect that since it's so easy to just drive by this place.The cool little thing about this place is the helicopter hanging off the ceiling.
4	Great subs. Especially the turkey or the egg salad.
5	Great portion size, affordable, fresh, locally owned and no B.S. My girlfriend and I had just moved to the area and were looking for somewhere to grab a quick bite. We asked Siri and the the "Full Belly Deli" appeared on our phone. Tucked away off the side of the road, with no real noticeable features on the exterior we pulled in and I proceeded to have one of the best lunch experiences I have had in awhile. The prices are right, the ingredients are real and actually TASTE that way, and a grown man can get a 6 inch sub and actually feel full off of it rather than feeling like you you ate was a mouth-full of bread. Everything was great, simple and easy & I would definitely recommend them to anyone in the area.
5	First off, you people who chose to go down the street to Subway are well, IDIOTS! this place has the best subs possibly Ive ever eaten! Friendy staff, HUGE subs, and im ashamed to say, i have lived in the area for 8+ yrs and this was my first visit. So I guess that makes me an idiot too! Check them out!!!!
2	The restaurant itself is a generic, sterile looking hole in the wall. Clean and the staff is friendly.Full Belly "used to have" one of the best French Dips in the area... My how the mighty have fallen.I am a sucker for a good French Dip and Full Belly "used to be" be 5 stars. Their French Dip used to consist of a fresh bun, a generous pile of real unprocessed sliced roast beef and a pretty good au jus.They changed.For the worse.The French Dip may still be on a fresh bun. but the lighter softer cheaper flavorless roll. The kind that falls apart when dipped in the au jus and no flavor. They also switched to a tasteless, processed style of roast beef that makes the fast food chain that starts with "Ar" and ends with "by's" taste like prime rib at Morton's Steakhouse. The au jus may have been a generic beef broth poured out of a can with no seasoning.To be fair, I have had other items and they were all good in the past, but I am fearful the other menu items have suffered the same fate and am not going to spend my money to find out when there are too many other options in the area...the place that starts with "Ar" and ends with "by's" is just down the street.
1	You can taste that the meat is NOT fresh. Its packaged meat, its rubberized and slimey. The bread was stale as well...The price was great for the quality of food, I'll give them that...but I'd rather stick with Jimmy Johns to delivery at work. Their menu (the one the delivered to us here at our office) is VERY HARD TO READ and looks like the Elemental Table of Contents...they did not spend the money to have their flyers done at all, looks like someone did it at home on Word or Excel. Sorry Full Belly Deli, I don't recommend you to anyone.
4	I've lived right around the corner for 8 years and never noticed this place until last week, however I rarely drive that direction.  It is not very visible from the road and you can barely read the sign on the door.  My advice:  Take it up a notch Full Belly Deli, so people know you're there!  I decided to try it yesterday and I must say I'm glad I did.  Now, to be fair I've only tried one item on their large menu of subs, but it was delicious.  I tried the *small* chicken salad sandwich on a sub roll and it was just about perfect.  First off, this size is huge and filled with meat, more than enough for lunch, especially if paired with chips or a side.  The bread was fresh, the chicken was also fresh and nice chunks of shredded chicken breast, seasoned simply and perfectly.  I opted for no tomatoes, just lettuce but it was really fresh and crisp iceberg (my fave) and didn't have that weird "old" taste that subway lettuce always seems to have.It was around $6, but I'm all about flavor and quality instead of just filing up the gas tank, so I was happy to find a good quality sub shop for that occasional treat.  I took a menu with me to look at (it is pretty huge) so I can pick out what I'll have next time and I sincerely hope it's as good as the chicken salad.The sign did say something about new management, so maybe some of the bad reviews are from the old management?  Who knows!  I will update my review if and when I go again, maybe I'll take a pic or two.Oh yeah, the place is really big when you walk in, lots of booths and tables, clean and shiny.  The staff was really friendly and I think the owner or manager was there and chit chatted with us, she was nice.Thanks, I'll be back :)
2	Not the best. I wish I would have gone to port a sub like I had planned. I ordered the meatball sub with a side of coleslaw.  The meatballs tasted like they had been store bought and frozen for some time. The coleslaw had way too much mayonnaise.  Will not recommend.
4	I was hungry this morning and not knowing this place was here i would have continued driving. I drive by at least twice a month and until recently didn't know it existed. I'm glad i drove by today. New management, and Faith who took my order was one of the most friendly shop owners i've ever come across. I ordred a Bagel egg/chees/bacon/jalapeno w/ deli mustard sandwich. It exceeded expectations. I"ll gladly go here repeatedly and am excited to try the subs. We typically go to Subway but get dissappointed regularly... This place is definitly worith the trip. You'll not be dissappointed.
4	Went here after seeing good yelp reviews. The club sub was very good with a decent amount of deli meats and good balance of fixings. The only issue was the sub roll was a bit soft and got a tad soggy at the end from the oil and vinegar. Very nice owners came to check how everything was. I would go back again.
5	Good sandwiches and a very nice staff!  Always glad to support a local business, especially when they do such a great job!
5	The steak sandwich was FABULOUS!!  Hadn't been there for a while as previous experiences kept me far away, but with new owners I thought I'd give it a try and I'm soooooo glad I did!! The cheese-steak sandwich is now officially my ultimate favorite! Keep up the great work! This will definitely be in my rotation of regular places for lunch.
