1	Do not stay here if you can help it. There are ants in the bathroom. The outlet on one side of the bed doesn't work so neither does the lamp or alarm clock work. There are two of us staying but there was only one set of towels. I asked for a second set which I got but was missing the wash cloth. We had to park on the side of the hotel. The nearest entrance took us into an empty part of the hotel with no signs directing you to the lobby so we wandered around until we found our way there.
1	As I walked into this hotel I was floored by the funky, cool lobby. They achieved the look of a boutique hotel, but as I walked up to check in the good impression started to fade and never recovered. The front desk attendant (Kathleen) looked at me with a robot like blank stare and said "what was your name again"....keep in mind these were the first words of the conversation. No "welcome to Sheraton"...nothing. It the took her and two others 15 mins to check me in. I was then informed that I had to pay $20 a day to park, I asked if I had to go put the receipt in my window and she responded "no, but the other night they towed a bunch of people"....hmmm, ok. As I walked up to the elevator I felt like I was entering the elevators of a building that had been abandoned for 10 years and inhabited by hobos.the buttons were covered in white paint, the doors that covered the wiring were hanging open and broken and the filthy walls had the big Sheraton stickers slapped on the walls that were peeling off. Sometimes the elevator never came, other it went the wrong way. Everyone in the hotel was complaining. Whenever I was in the elevator with another person, the conversation centered around the unsafe feeling shabby elevAtors. I might add that only two of the four worked and this is a 14 story building. As I walked down the hall to my room it seemed as though the hall hadn't been vacuumed in weeks. Bags for dirty linens sat in the hall for two days. I really couldn't believe the condition of the hotel I paid $169 a night to stay in. The shower walls has soap dried on them and the mirror has toothpaste on it, the carpet was stained. If I had not been sick and needing rest I'd have left. Both nights I requested a wake up call for the morning. The wake up call was a hang up call both mornings. How hard would it be to merely say "good morning, this is your wake up call". Instead I woke up first thing with a rude reminder of the shabby management of the hotel I just overpaid for. It really is a rough start to the day to have someone hang up on you as soon as you gain consciousness. The bar looked nice, and the bartender was friendly. I went for breakfast and received the same cold, robotic personalities from the restaurant staff and ordered a $10 bowl of oatmeal. Upon checkout I was asked "did you enjoy your stay", I politely responded "unfortunately I did not". They didn't bother to inquire as to the problems I encountered. I realize they are doing some renovations however this is unlikely to effect the lousy staff attitudes and minimal effort. Save your money for a hotel that appreciates their customers. The slightest bit of effort would have been noticed but it was non existent. Seriously, this was awful..but perhaps you might just be looking for a cool lobby, if this is the case then this is the perfect hotel for you.
1	Uppity employees, they think they work at the Ritz-Carlton. The place looks like it's not kept up. Elevators take waaaaay too long and the breakfast is 18 a person after over paying for your room. To top it off the concierge left me hanging downtown.  DO NOT STAY HERE !!!!
1	Can't believe how bad the service has been at this particular Sheraton!!! Nickel and dining you for everything!!!! We'll never stay here again!!!
1	My company booked a room for overnight stay due to winter storm and this hotel was a disappointment especially for the room rate of $179.. Hotel is being renovated and there are signs about dust in the hotel. Front desk staff has no customer service skills or personality. The room had a dull decor (brown walls and drapes) and numerous things did not work. I could never get the temperature in the room above 68. The shower had knobs for hot and cold water but I could never get a normal temperature, it was either very hot or ice cold. My room also had no information of hotel services and I had to call the front desk to find out if there had a fitness center and where it was located. I used the fitness center but none of the machines worked properly when you tried to program your workout. The only positive things I can say about this hotel room was the king size bed was comfortable and the big screen TV was very nice. I would advise people to stay away from this hotel until changes have been made.
2	All reviews are based on price point...Getting tired so a bullet point review:-- renovations don't bother me-- not having hot water one morning was unacceptable-- telling the front staff and being dismissed...unacceptable-- no coffee pot in rooms...I enjoy coffee in the morning and tea in evening-- beds are very soft...tough on the back-- for towels the first day, two thereafter...one towel needed to soak up the shower water that splashes out of the glass enclosure--  there are better places to stay
1	Under renovation, maybe they should just close temporarily. They are redoing the lobby and the elevators as well as the hotel. Lobby is a total mess, they don't answer the phone if you call in from outside or your room. Bellman was rude. Only one elevator barely working. Charged $20 to bring a small refrigerator to the room and it didn't work at all and ruined our food. Parking was $25 for the night. Room service was good but I had to go downstairs and ask someone to get them on the phone. And whats up with their hot water? It was impossible to regulate, either scalding or freezing - UGG! Also the Wifi didn't work.
1	Upon entering the hotel you'll notice the appearance of an abandoned building. Before giving your credit card when checking in make sure you're not being charged for anything u did not authorize because once you make it home they'll be no answer when making that call to find out about it. Substandard elevators. There was hair on pillow case. Notice what appeared to be a clipping of toe nail on carpet. One day no hot water. Housekeeping left bed sheets unchanged. Called room service for housekeeping and was told that housekeeping wasn't available and they'll send sheets which never came. Half of shower door missing- weird right, same thing I thought. No refrigerator in room. Security breach in hotel. The excuse of renovating is not valid because I had reservations for a hotel in MIA that was renovating and service and appearance was 100 fold better. I'm not advising not to go there, just speaking of my experience.
1	DO NOT STAY HEREApparently it's two hotels, one property - Sheraton Charlotte and Charlotte Center City Hotel (formerly the Blake).1. Crime scene - Saturday March 1 there was a shooting during the CIAA event here. Two people shot, one trampled. You can google it.2. No liquor license - As a result of #1, they have no liquor license. One of the staff told me it turns out they have been without a liquor license for months prior. 3. Under construction - not just renovation, but full bore drilling and demolition. "Pardon our mess" does not cover drilling during daylight hours. My first use (and last) of Hotwire landed me here. Trust me, nothing in the Hotwire description said anything about renovations. I had to put up a royal fit to (1) actually speak with someone in guest services because the front desk apparently doesn't handle and (2) make them move me to the Sheraton side where they aren't drilling for oil. The bait-and-switch, fraudulent act is so egregious, yet I had to argue about it.4. Local area shuttle - Extremely limited. Mon-Fri, 7:00 am to 9:00 am, and only runs in a loop around the Uptown area. I'm in town for business. I don't know the "Uptown loop." The office I'm trying to get to is 1.2 miles away. I asked the front desk guy if the office address was in the loop. I thought he was looking it up on the internet, but it turns out he was simply dismissing me and looking away.5. Car service - So I asked the bellman about a cab. He calls over the car service. I know about car services. I didn't think it would cost me $25 to go 1.2 miles. The driver kept telling me a sob story, possibly to milk a tip out of me. I used Uber another day and it was $10.6. Poor service - Front desk acts like they're doing me a favor. Even calls to the front desk ring and ring and ring. Housekeeping is uneven (I've been here 5 nights so far and I tip the housekeeper). I've received one or two towels from day to day. The one nice person was the guy who was inspecting my second room; this came after I nearly had a breakdown in the hallway.7. No coffee pot - If you're in the non-Sheraton side, there is no coffee pot. When I asked the front desk about this, they sent one up. However, supplies aren't consistently replenished. I went to the restaurant to get cups, sugar, and h&h. 8. The room - The original room was newly renovated and looks nice at first glance. But then you notice thing like duct tape holding up the art, the clock on the wall doesn't work, no towel racks, etc. The new room in the Sheraton tower is much smaller, old, and looks more like a well-worn Holiday Inn Express (BTW I like HIEs and you get coffee and breakfast). I would have expected someone along the way to say, "Gosh we're really sorry we've disappointed you. Let me treat you to breakfast tomorrow morning" or some other conciliatory gesture. But no. Just a general attitude that I'm crazy for expecting better.
1	How about ZERO stars?  Maybe 1 star for free non-valet parking.
1	What can I say... First, you're charged somewhere around $150/night and then an additional $25 for parking. Second, they're undergoing renovations/construction. Fine, whatever. The lobby looks nice. They warn you the elevators might be slow. Slow is fine. Slow is workable. What isn't acceptable is the elevator trapping you and having to pry the doors open.  What isn't acceptable is when the elevators stop working on a Sunday morning for over 4.5 hours. What isn't acceptable is the front desk's solution to the elevator problem: 1. "free late check out"; 2. not even attempting to remedy the situation by offering free parking or free breakfast; 3. walking down double-number flights of stairs without an offer to assist with luggage only to be greeted at the bottom by "we hope you enjoyed your stay, come back and see us again."Oh, and it's 2014. There's no reason in the world we should be paying for wifi. Nope. Nope. Nope. Ballroom facilities were nice though. Pillows were amazing!
1	Don't stay here. I'll sum it up like this: They tried to force me to take a double queen instead of the king I paid for, I insisted and got the king room. In the room it had dirty towels( had stains ), then there was mold on the tile in the bathroom along with freshly spattered BLOOD, the coffee maker  set up was on a cubby shelf with no outlet so I made coffee on the floor, I called before making the reservation and asked if they were still renovating- they said no, two days later when I arrived the entire place was being worked on and sharing elevators with the workers and tools not appealing, I can go on... Oh and the drunk hooker with a dog in her purse and spilling out 100 dollar bills walking by added to the experience!
2	Currently sitting in one of the 16th floor rooms. Pros:  Nice view of the city and new, modern decor.  Beds are fine in regard to comfort. The downstairs area has cool sitting areas. Property misses:  Parking in sketchy garage costs $20 a day and requires walking through a maze of creepy ballrooms reminiscent of "The Shining" in order to find the lobby.  Poorly labeled exterior and inner corridors.  Internet access costs additional $11/day.  The few staff members we spoke with were just okay. Upon arrival, we were told the hotel was "out of king sized beds" [as booked]. Room misses:  Not enough outlets; specifically, outlets adjacent to desk are occupied with TV and refrigerator plugs.  Due to "Green Initiative" refrigerator in room takes some time to cool since it shuts off completely when room is empty.  No coffee maker!?! Bedding is white with black coverlet at foot, shows hair left on bed by housekeeping or prior occupants--yuck! Bathroom reeks of cocoa butter. Room service:  Husband enjoyed hamburger last night but fries were cold, undercooked and inedible. My soup was very bland and warm, not hot.  Cheese platter was gross--1 of 3 pieces of cheese was moldy (passed for aging), other 2 would've been okay if not dry around the edges from air contact/sitting out. Put tray outside of room after dinner, and it was still outside room at 9am.  Left door hanger outside with breakfast order at 11pm and was never picked up. Called in breakfast order--was told they were out of soy milk; I told the girl it was for my coffee, so if the [large pot of] coffee I ordered came with cream, that would be a good substitute. She said it did... my breakfast came with no cream or any dairy product for coffee. Only sweeteners, 1 mug, silverware and my food. No glass of water. Unacceptable for $35.  Additionally, I feel it's rude to include a line on the receipt for a tip when menu clearly states 22% gratuity AND $5 additional will be added to your bill for that purpose. I let it slide that my salmon bagel came with no cream cheese or capers, but the fact that I paid about $12-$15 for coffee (since there was no other way to get it without being a Sheraton Club member or leaving the hotel) and was expected to drink it black, is really upsetting! For $160 a night, I expected better amenities and service. Will not stay here again, and will dissuade others to stay here.
4	I am pleasantly surprised.  It is like I am staying in a totally different hotel than the one that is referenced in all the reviews.  I am writing this review from the 17th floor of the tower that is on the northeast side of the property.  I can only surmise that I am staying in a recently renovated room and all I can say is I am pleasantly surprised!The staff has been universally friendly, even doting.  The maid offered to "freshen" my room, even though I had hung out the GreenChoice hanger (and had already received my bonus points).  The doorman asked if I needed any directions.  Every staff member that I passed said hello and/or wished me a good day.  The room I am in looks north towards the Nascar and Duke buildings and offers a spectacular skyline view.  The decor is all new and the bed is wonderful.  Some said the pillowtop mattress was too soft, it was just fine for me.The bathroom could use a little more water pressure and I concur with the reviews about the puddle that forms from the "walk in 'rain' shower".  It is basically impossible to take a shower without a small puddle forming outside the entryway.  Nothing major, but every time I showered I had to first dry off and then drop the towel into the puddle to absorb the water.  I feel sorry for housekeeping having to pick up all those soaking wet towels...Their SPG club lounge is closed, but they have a little nook setup in the bar/pool area (inside) that serves the same purpose.  Again, the service in the area was doting, something you'd expect in a 4-star restaurant, not an SPG lounge.  Food was typical club lounge fare - edible and not bad for free, but I wouldn't go out of my way to skip a meal elsewhere and eat "dinner" in the lounge.  My only complaint here is the limited hours (breakfast and cocktail hours only); I like being able to raid the fridge for free soda/water 24x7.  They said there will be a new lounge once renovations are complete.I did not notice any construction noise in my room *at all*.  I did notice some noise when exiting the elevators towards the lobby; it sounded like they might be doing some heavy work on floors 2 and/or 3.Parking was free for me - I parked in the surface lot on the SW side of the building.  Didn't even know there was a garage until day 2 of my 3-day stay.In summary - This was a good value stay at under $125/night (when all of the other nearby business hotels were charging $220+/night).  I will definitely consider staying here again.  I do, however, wish they'd figure out a way to fix the showers...
2	Nice looking hotel inside, but several problems. - name of the hotel is vague (is advertised online as Center City Hotel, but is advertised on the street as a Sheraton?) so I drove past it and ended up back on the interstate.- parking is very confusing and not located close enough to an entrance. None of the staff could give a clear explanation of where to park. The first time, we walked through the weird ballroom area that went on forever before finding the lobby. When we went back out to move our car and get our luggage, we actually had to walk through a tollbooth gate on a very uneven road and walk around a corner to get into the hotel. No side entrance. Also, parking is $20 a day!!!- wi fi is $10.95/day... seriously? I haven't had to pay for internet access in ANY hotel for years now.- Pros:- the bed sheets and cover were crisp and clean, and the bed/pillows were very comfortable.- staff was very friendly.- good location if you are doing things downtown.- starbucks coffee and coffee maker in the room.- sleek, modern decor.
4	We recently stayed here and had a fabulous stay. There is still some work going on-- but it is all during the day and there was a note in the room from the manager offering to move your room to the sheraton if your stay is unpleasant. The rooms are recently updated and very nice!! The lobby is gorgeous and has free wi-fi. Also in the AM coffee is provided in the lobby. Overall we had a great stay and would stay again
1	I won a certificate for the Sheraton Charlotte at a charity silent auction. I called the 800 number and was told they had plenty of rooms available. I was then directed to use my certificate by calling the Charlotte location. The Charlotte front desk refused to take my certificate even though my day is not on the black out list. I was told the hotel was totally booked! I called the 800 number again and was told  there were plenty of rooms available. I asked to speak to a supervisor. She back tracked and told me since the room rate had gone up to $409 they would not honor their gift certificate until the rates were lower!!!  I was also told the hotel is undergoing construction at this time even with the high rates! I would give zero stars if allowed. Doesn't seem like such a great certificate to win now.
1	Stayed July 12-13 for JT concert , there's also a Sorority conference . What an awful hotel , definitely not worth $205 for one night .1. Leaking room at 325 , water coming from 4th floor and looked like it's been there a long time 2. Poor elevator service . 4 elevators and only one working . I used the stairs 90% of the time coz of the lonngggg wait 3. No security bar on door 4. Noisy AC5. Horrible food at the bar / restaurant .6. If cost was $75 per night , this is at best a 3 star but at $205.... This is at best a 1 star hotel .Stay Away from this hotel !!!!!!
1	Booked a hotel here thinking it would be a nice hotel , read one of the booking sites that there was complimentary WiFi in room. They allowed us to check in an hour early which was perfect because we had to drive out to saluda before 4. We left amd came back later that night to a leaking toilet, had difficult time flushing it.  Called room service, front desk, guest services and the other options on the hotel phone and no answer on any of the lines. Had to go downstairs to get help. There is also a $20 parking fee.
2	I was dismayed when I booked a room here and then checked Yelp. It's not quite as bad as the reviews suggest, but they have quite a ways to go at Charlotte Center City.First of all, if you get lost, the hotel is located at the Sheraton. There is no signage. There are two buildings, two "hotels" under one name. The taller building is the Center City hotel. It makes you wonder what kind of corporate mumbo jumbo is going on here, Starwood. After driving around Uptown Charlotte for 15 minutes trying to find the hotel, I was greeted and checked in by one of the more awkward dudes ever. I'm uncertain he should have that position, given that he just made me feel...weird, but whatever. I had also reserved a king-sized bed and apparently it was taken. My parking was comped, but still, not cool.When I got into my room, I saw that it hadn't been cleaned very well. There was a water bottle that had some sort of red Kool-Aid liquid still in it on the floor under the baggage table. My window, which had a lovely view of Uptown, was besmirched with no less than a dozen smudges, as if a bunch of tweens pressed their greasy foreheads against the glass. I asked the cleaning lady to windex the windows the next day and she did.Wallpaper was coming off the wall (perhaps the fidgety tweens pulled it off). After reading the horror stories on Yelp, I was dismayed that I booked here, but I gave it a chance.The customer service here was pretty good. Lots of greeting and the door and wake up calls with ACTUAL PEOPLE CALLING YOU. That was a nice touch. The amenities weren't bad, but if you like Starwood Hotels, I would go the extra mile and just pay for the Westin. You are kinda close to Uptown, but not really. Anything you actually want to go visit via walking is about 15-25 minutes away.This hotel has a lot of work to do still. I can see they are trying. I would just keep at it, keep getting good people to work here. The management has a tough job ahead of them. A super clean room upon arrival would have made my review more kind, but as it was, it was kind of gross and unacceptable.
1	Hotel experience was the worst! They started extremely loud construction at 10am on a Sunday. When we called the front desk to complain, they told us that's just the way it is. They wouldn't let us check in an hour early, which is understandable, but that was a first for me. They should discount the rooms during construction!
1	I must add that when I advised the mgt of the situation they comped one night for me and provided transportation to airport
4	The hotel is under construction so things are in flux but the staff is very accomodating
2	the property is undergoing construction.   You may want to select another location until they are done.   then you should let a few months pass and check the reviews again.
3	Wouldn't do it again- really friendly service,  but not quite my style. They have great conference space,  but it was tremendously expensive and the food was somewhat underwhelming.  The decor is trying very hard to be modern, yet somehow ended up stuck in the 70s. Again,  lovely staff, not great venue.
4	I'm rating this 4 stars based on my stay....not a '4-star' hotel per say.  I had already booked before I read the reviews on here but I have to say I was surprised and pleased by the hotel.  The reviews made me a little nervous but I didn't have any bad experiences really.  There is still some minor construction going on with the elevators which caused 2 of the 4 elevators to be down, but this didn't really cause any problems and was clearly disclosed on the hotels website.  Check in was a breeze, my room was clean and nice enough.  I'll say the price was higher than I like to pay, but it's typical market rate for uptown Charlotte on a weekday.  Overall it was a good stay.  I would stay here again.
1	If you are looking to start your day with a cold shower (in a super small bathroom) and a dark room, this is the place to stay. The staff actually was very nice, the property is just a total disappointment.
2	Comfortable bed is the only good thing I can say. They said the rooms were recently renovated but they need to call the show catch a contractor because they didn't finish the job. 2 elevators were out so I could have either walked 4 flights up and down the stairs or wait 10 minutes for the elevator. Cold showers. Water is too hot then too cold. Something was wrong with my heating unit. Every 10 minutes it would start up and make an annoying loud sound for about 15 seconds. I refused to have my room cleaned because I felt the floor maids were unprofessional. As I was waiting for the elevator about 3 of them were cleaning rooms and talking loud about the guest who recently stayed in the room using vulgar language and so on. Coming in from a night at the bar you are hungry. They have no small store or anything to grab a quick snack and the 24hr room service is just sandwiches. The people st the font desk were hit or miss. Some people were friendly and helpful others acted as if you were bothering them. It was about 1 AM and a group of front desk people were standing around and I asked them about room service and they looked at me like I said something crazy. And didn't ask if I needed a menu for anything else or my options in the area. At the end of the day. I would NEVER stay here again.. I would rather stay in a Red Roof inn to be honest with you.
4	We stayed at this hotel last night and it was great. The construction that previous reviews mentioned is complete and the hotel is modern and very beautiful inside. The front desk staff was very helpful and quick to get us checked in and made sure to give us a room with a nice view since we are from out of town. The room was nice and modern, very clean with complementary water bottles and an espresso machine. The bathroom floor was heated - was great not having cold toes in the morning! Don't know if all rooms have that as we were in a handicap accessible room. Checkout was easy and it was very easy to hail a cab to downtown charlotte from the Sheraton directly next door. Bed was so comfortable!As previous reviews mentioned the signage is bad. We drove around the block once before I ran in to double check we were at the right spot. The sign says le meridian, it is directly next to the Sheraton the taller of the two towers. Only downside was that we could hear people in the hallway in the morning, not super insulated. But it wasn't horrible eitherWe would stay here again, especially at their current rates. Cheapest place in downtown we could find!
2	Booked for the Sheraton ( over a month in advance) during the ACC Championship, check-in was 3pm we got there a little after 3 and were told that our room wasn't clean yet and they'd call my cell when it was ready. Albeit frustrating they comped our parking and the lobby was full of ppl in the same boat so we sat down at the bar for a beer. An hour later we went back to the front desk and were very rudely told that there were no available rooms and no estimation for when a room would be available, but they'd gladly take our number. After 30 mins. I  watched two groups of ppl walk in the door, check-in and immediately receive room keys. After waiting in line for 15-20 mins while other patrons argued with the staff and received keys, I plead my case and was rewarded with a room on the Le Meridian side of the hotel (much newer and nicer). Bathroom was small and the air conditioner a little slow to work but otherwise once we actually got a room it was nice!
